The temper of the deputation which waited upon the Premier from the northern rivers on Tuesday in regard to the removal of the sugar duties, was ourious though not strangoe. All vested interests and monopolised rights, when approached with methods of reconstruc tion and freer distribution, which are caloulated to reduce the volume of profits to the interested parties, never fail to raise a ghost. And th6 fact referred to is no exception, for the burden of the sugar deputation from start to finish was a prodlhetio wail of woe, It simply amountod o leaping at an awful conclusion wilthout showirng the inevitable steps by which it had been arrived at. It was simply asserted that if the GovernmonB removed the sugar duties the northern river indus trios wouldfbe paralysed, that thousands of people would be deprived of the means of earning a living-in fact, they would lose their sugar-and that scores of thousands of pounds sterling invested in those industries would be lost, In other words, it meant that if the system of maintaining the present presumably. satisfactory price.of sugar by a method of Governmeont wet- nursing, the whole of the industries poitaining to its pro duction and manufacture would be ruined, and, perhaps, swept into Queens. land, It is ourious to note, thrit whileo the producers and manufacturers claim that they will be ruined if the price of sugar at all hazards is not kept up, that those who deal so largely in the useoof the article for retail manufactures, such as confectionery, jams, and plresorvos, put forth the same plea for reduction in Its price, Suppose the Whole of the sugar industry wore driven out of the fiol4 by the operation of the proposed removal of restrictive duoe,'according to Mr. Coghlan's statistics some 2207 persons would he temporarily thrown out of omploymont, But suroly no one .would be so insane as to concludo that the labours of thoso persons,would be lost.' Of course we are not for a momont inclined to boliovo that such an event is going to boeur, but if it did so occur, it vouli be 9l fo? br a tV~rint perlo'iod l unless the offect of the sugar industry is such that those eongaged become unfit for anything else, whlich would he hardly comllinaoutary to the workoers. Such labor, if compelled to loave one field of industrial oentorprise as unsatisfactory, would surely osly be trnnsferred to other' spheros niore satis factory. If, however, the industry is worth cultivating, it will be geonoerally admitted that it should be canrried on and developdd upon such principles and executive methods ts will yield 4fair remuneration for thoecapital anuŽlabour employed in it. It is all very well for one of the doputation to assert that he had £28,000 invested in the industr'y, and that if the duty was taken off sugar hle would be ruined. Suppose ovelry other unfortunate speculator should claim relief from the State on the same grounds. We would have our cousins and uncles and our aunts pleading that they had engaged in all sorts of indus trial speculations for the good of them selves and the people, but being beaten in open market, either on the merits of the article offered for sale or the priec, or both, they would be ruined unless they were kept going by a universal levy or State tax. On this principle we would have the whole colony teaming with incipient or mush room industries, from pepperoorns to pinaopplesi, from pins to Nordenfolt gains, from iron bolts to buggies, and from soents to macarrosi, All the pro. ducers of these implements and com moditics would, from their staudpbint, nmake their business hum, with a third of their profits made up from penalising the productions of others, and the pro. eoss legalised by the State. Now, whoaen thIle duity was imposed upon the lmartiott lar product under consideration, we do not beliove it was done vwith the intons tion of making it a permanent institution so mulch as to encourago the commoncement and fostering the in dustry in its early nnd more trying stages, These stages are now past, and the industry should be in a position to support itself without porpotualcodling, and oven if it were necessary to assist the producers and manufacturers with a stated lump sum grant for the onlargoe. mont of promises or for the procuring of special machinery to give the industry full play, better do this than penaliseo otlir similar industries and tax the whole of the consumers in the colony. The Reid Ministry has certainly in its reformed Budget treated the sugar industry withl some consideration. It has allowed it the partial bentdtfi of a rostrictiveo tax for trwo years. During that period there will be ample oppor tunity for a process of reconstruction, to be tested and carried out.' At tihe end of that time we have little doubt the sugar producers and manufacturers will have found both their industrial legs, and be nblo to s$tnd on their own merits, Thee" Northorn R iver Sugar ompany must be prepared,to face this final ultimatum, or comspromise the pro posed fiscal policy of the present Government on this point. Mr. Reid did not leave the deputation in any sort of doubt as to tie mandate of the electors being carried out with such modifications in their case as we have already mentioned. If the Promier's treatment of tils deputation had beeoon, in tle circumstaunces, left in suspense or dloubt, there might have been no Snd to delputations of ine kind or anothor, In fact, Mr. See and the deputation must seeoo that if their claim was admitted all other industries must be treated upon tle,. same prinoiples-the mine dwner, the iron manufaoturor, the farmer, the dairyman, the tanner, the biscuitmakor the bottlomnakeor, and all the pro d-icers and manufacturers being thus nursed up with a State bonus, and all tihe New South Wales world taxed, we should be landed in such an industrial and sooinl patidemnonium as would even induce the: protect!pnists to petition for a frootrad6 Government for deliveraneo, 