THE LAST LEAP. A STEEPLECHASE STORY. BY D.M. Two men stood beneath a sheoak tree at Woodlands watching a big brown horse being rubbed down in a brush shed after his morning gallop. One of them was young M'Alllister, owner of the estate, the other a sporting Melbourne judge with a love for " leppers," born in Ireland, bred at Fleming ton, and trained in many a breezy run across the plains after the red deer "Cottrell." " Are you not Hying at big game, Mac T' he asked. " Why not try him in the Hunt Club Cup, or the Spring Steeplechase, and then wait for next year'B Grand National ? Weight is nothing to a horse like that; why, he has gaekins like a brewer's cart horse, and quarters that were moulded for jump- j ine." I "One might as well get weight on for| winning a Grand National as for something | a fifth of its value," the other answered. "You can't throw that horse, even if you paid a man to do it. We lent him to Sam Waldock for a run or two with the Fleming ton pack, and the first whip in the Btable thinks the world of him. ' J-j-jumps like a bub-bub- bub y st-stag,' he stuttered when I asked him for an opinion. That's why we called him The Stag." The Stag, smoking in the crisp frosty air like a locomotive blowing off steam, was trying his hardest to demolish either his shed or the lad who scraped the lather off him with a bent hoop-iron, while a young fellow in the strapped riding-breeches of the country horseman, with his coat off and his Bhirt- sleeves rolledupinbnsiness-likefashion,, was standing with his hands on his hips watching the toilet. He had just taken The Stag for a burst over wall, rail, and palings to Bhow his Honour what the horse could do. "How is he bred?" inquired the judge, whose faith in " blood " had been confirmed ] in many a neck-risking run. " By Wollaton," M'Alliater answered, "the] fiire of Toryboy." "That should mean pace," observed his] Honour. *' Well, we got old Charley Clarke to send j Over Kaled for a trial, and fixed sheep j hurdles for her alongside Joe's big fences; I Joe's his home name. He beat Kaled, and j in four miles would have lost her." " Then if he can do all this and is worth "backing, why not get Aspinall or Boyd to Tide him instead of putting up an amateur like this young Ogilvie, who'll lose his bead when begets amongst oldriders 6uch as Wake field and Co.? Besides, he can't ride the weight, judging by his bnild." " Bnt be knows the horse as no one else knows him, and the horse knows him -that goes for something, surely ; besides, the cracks don't trouble themselves to block an outsider with a novice on his back; they're too cocksure of their own superiority for that. All he has to do is to keep clear of the tumblers and rattle along. He's been in the saddle all bis life, and has ridden many a race, though not, I admit, in 1 leuiington company." "Well, I hope you'll win, just for the] honour of the thing," the judge, replied. " ril get my fac-totum to- put a $en*pound note on, and five on Banker as an' insurance fund. By, the way, who s» }your' young amateur?" ; {-.j "A son m old fijjilvie. the cattje-iireeder oyer at Airli^t^^sl iiorsemjii^ we ever teed on the Plains har one^mld' he went to the dogs." "Ah ! Not at all an unusual thing with | promising riders. What were his methods?" . "Murder," said M'Allister abruptly. "Good gracious!" The suddenness of this j incursion into professional matters had j startled even the judge's calm. "Yes!" the other went on, as they ^Btrburf' Jl~h the dewy morning to the old station house on the hill-" murder or at any rate a suspicion of it strong enough to send a man under a cloud for ever, though mot enough for a conviction. The thing tiever got out properly, though I suppose it Will some day-you know the old saying, 'Murder wjll out'" , *' Will it!" retorted the j udge sententiously. ''-That's a convenient fiction, used for the j Suppression of vice amongst men strong minded enough to. use a knife or a pistol but sufficiently weak-minded at the same, time to be superstitious. You were 2ti>t here in the early days," he went on, > "when men were accustomed to ' disappear.' they were; to-morrow, for all that the world knew, they never had been-they lie l>y every gold-fields road and stock route in : Australia." ?*. "JuBfcso,"M'Alliater assented, "this was] , exactly Such a case.*" ' ""Tell me about it," the judge said.' "I] expert interest in these things." yonng "Ogilvie almost as as anyone," M'AHister replied. " Their bbtou* over on the .creek are the icks.and asboys bothat school and after TAllan Ofeiivie and J^ck^Serrick were able. I never knew two yonng fellows jftietids/andit lasted Inp to the day yfoqnd patr that Ifcey were in love s#$etip girl/* ? nt&jected; his Jlononr, with the ,oiie. who finds the solution to a girt In the "case, my itthafctheeex should irbing element in men'e wlyer^ jDn and! frill never. - ^Oflgh/' M'AIIisfcer went " jpg like-well,! That picture ia also a portrait of Mary Bloomfield. an Australian village girl; the same cherry lips and coral-tinted cheeks, the same rippling brown hair and violet eyes. M'Allister was right; Bhe was a beauty. "She preferred our young friend," the judge said, pointing to Ogilvie. " I think not. Herrick was a dark young fellow, impulsive and dashing ; rather the Spanish or Italian type than Anglo-Saxon; Italian in temper, too, I tell you. The girl, I fancy, liked him best, but the feeling be tween the two, who were merely boys-then developed into a regular Montague and Capu letfeud-the families took sides on iti" " Country families are very illogical in that way," remarked his Honour. "In the thick of it the Herricks came rather a cropper," the younger man con tinued iu his sporting slang. " They were able to keep up the old place, but the boyrf bad to make a new Btart, and bush life was just the thing for a young fellow like Jack, fond of horses and accustomed to stock. He went droving with a chap named Tom "\Vhite, a sort of ne'er-do-well about the town ship, who used to put in half the year at droving or shearing, and the other half loafing; a chap who always looked as if he wanted to po to sleep of a sunny day, and only moved about to beep himself warm. Of course, that was no excuse for killing him." - _ ! " None whatever," was the judge's ruling. " They made a couple of trips, and seemed to get along well together, though in tem perament as opposite as the poles. On their last drove, as far as I can make out, both started with the cattle, but only one reached Melbourne-that's five years ago, and Tom White has never been heard of since-though he never missed a year with out coming home. Herrick came back alone, and told rather a lame story about his mate having cleared out at one of their camps." " Awkward, but not a tittle of evidence," the judge observed. " The facts were very suspicious. White had won a hatful of money at the Beech worth races, Herrick had lost Herrick wanted to marry, people Baid, and money was everything to him. Herrick had sold White's horse in Melbourne-that looked bad-and there were a Bcore of things that caused suspicion to spread like a bush fire in February. White's people made every in quiry after him-but, though well known amongst bushmen of a sort, he was never seen again." "Was he easily recognisable J" the judge asked. " Well, speaking for myself, I'd know his skin on a fence," was the careless answer. " Herrick's whole conduct was against him. Once someone asked him where he thought White had gone, and he flared up in a temper and told him to go to hell-that he wasn't White's keeper. No one ever men tioned White's name in his presence after that, but he got black looks at every turn ; his old friends were in tensely civil to him, but never cordial in brief, he found the place too hot to hold him after a couple of months, and cleared out He's never shown his face here for the last four years." "Andflie young lady ?" his Honour asked with quite an unusual interest for a bachelor -and a bigoted one at that .' Well, latterly I hear she is inclined to favour Ogilvie-the thing was too ugly even for a woman's faith. There were forty other points against Herrick that I forget just now." " An interesting romance," the judge ob served Blowly," but to a mind much exercised with the analysing of evidence and the sifting ofjtoct from fancy only a romance. What a pity that every township isn't big enough to maintain an attorney." " Thank God for the small township," said the younger man, laughingly. " How long is it since you last heard of the defendant What's his name?" "A couple of years, perhaps." " And it never struck you that perhaps Ogilvie put him ' out of the way *'Good Lord, no!" said M'Allister in astonishment " Whatever put that idea into your head f' " It never was in my head. I merely put it that way," said the judge, " to show tliat although, as I have already admitted, men who are murdered very often disappear, yet men who disappear are not necessarily mur dered. Let us analyse your story merely as an everyday sample of circumstantial evi dence " " We'll do nothing of the kind," said M'Allister. " You're going to talk law and nonsense now. I prefer to listen when you talk horse and sense. Ah! here's some thing we both understand," he added, as they stepped on the broad verandah and glanced through the open French windows, "steak and mushrooms." '' Come! Get together," said the starter, and the field came up in a prancing line faced for the Grand National journey. It was the golden age of steeplechasing, when a poet rode in the front rank and the ama teurs were ever the reckless in the race. Possibly the horses were not as fast on the flat 01 as fit as they are to-day. They looked, indeed, more like cavalry chargers, and bore with them something of the romance of battle. " Wouldn't yon like a brandy, Mr. Gordon," said the rider of Ingleside as he pulled his white-faced horse out of kicking reach of the big roan Union. " Yes, Wakefield ; I'il bet you two that I beat you," was the reply, "and we'll have 'em whtnwecotne in." Always reserved, he was gloomy that day- perhaps with fore bodings of disaster, for it was that horse and that race-not the ballet in the Brighton scrub-that killed him. Kelly, still under a cloud from the Top thorne case, kept to himself over by the rails, and Mount, on Reindeer with bis dicky forelegs bandaged, leaned over the rails to whisper, " I'll win it, of course, if some of those feather- weighted things don't bolt with it. Look at Mick over there on the favonrite"-pointing to the amateur who always rode to kill himself or someone else, it mattered little which. " Ah, billiards and pale brandy and a bad head are not the right overnight preparation for a steeplechase." Allan Ogilvie felt as small in that company aa an ensign who liad strayed into the head quarters staff,-font he couldn't help seeing with satisfaction that The Stae compared with the best of them. The golden chestnut beside him was Canary,, and Harry Horley came from the fence to whisper a last in struction. ** Don't "bustle him, Chiff; your only chance is for the cracks to fall/Look out for that rusher, Pondon; he's bound to get too close to the first of them, and tftay bring some of ^yon down." It was a gallant field except) ngperhapB a few of the veterans, each as Tiretail, with bis three crooked legs and one over- prominent hip, or Babbler, whom Ithetouts thought a great overgrown lump, $rith as many corners as a bundle of plough #hares.' ? . " Tharstbe dark bone from the Homy ibfiyftftcked Jaatfiight/'fiftid young Kenya? he sat oh Iub wonderful pony Stoclnngs on the wrong side of the fence. Omlvie, following the pointed hunting crop, saw a little dark silver grey horse, witn the Snowden mark that after twenty years you can find to-day on some of the horses ot the. north-east Next the vivid green jacket ot the rider caught his eye, and he Btarted in the saddle- as he saw that the wearer was Jack Hernok. lie looked 10 years older than when Allan saw him last-pale, his face drawn and dissi pated as though Conscience, the Btayer, were getting in its work at last. A great feeling of pit}' for bis old friend and sometime rival swept every other con sideration aside, and he wheeled The Stag with theinteution of shaking hands with him before the word was given. " Keep your place there," said the starter sternly, and an instant after the " Go!" rang out clear as a shot, and they were away. Allan Ogilvie's nerve liad been shaken by that sudden recognition and the un accustomed tension of a great race, and he never knew how he crossed the first fence. He saw the straw and black jacket of Babbler -a safe one to follow-rise in front of him. Amongst the whistle of the silks he heard the higher note of a whip or two at the take off and the rails Hushed under him, but before the second fence was reached he had The Stag in hand and was riding again as the Woodlands people knew be could ride. He blundered slightly at the log, for The Stag took the time from the lightly-weighted Leona, over whom Dalrymple, wasted to a shadow for the race, had lost ail control, and stood too far off it. The field was weeded early. Maid of the Wannon showed them her new shoes at the wall as she landed saddle under neath, her rider realising sadly that some thing more is wanted in the Grand National than a firm faith in the goodness of Heaven and a free bridle band. Prince Rupert was praying for an instant on the sward by the river side, but his poet jockey pulled him on his feet with those long powerful arms, as he had once or twipfe" picked up Babbler when the old horse had clouted heavily, anil with eight ridiratern was really down. \ - U..' < They had gone two miles Jjefore Allan saw anything of Jack HerHck.l then*'he caught,ar glimpse of him on the wiirts of tbe-^tld, and a thrill of pride for the old place where they had both learned to ride shot through him as he saw how perfectly Herriek sat and handled his horse. Not the best of that gallant company had a better seat-but the rider's face, bathed in the sunlit glow of that pale green jacket, was ghastly. Again the stand and thejBhouts and the cheering as they swept by. The spirit of the race had fired Allan Ogilvie's blood now. The sense of intrusion be felt at the start every feeling of uncertainty had gone, and he thought only of winning, for never the noblest red deer jumped better than The Stag that day, and some of the big guns were already landing with a shock that told of tiring. A crash near the sheds and a long figure lying limp and still under the fence showed a rider senseless, and Prince llupert galloping off with flying bridle. The awkward jumper had given Gordon his first bad spill. There were but two horses in front of The Stag-the green and the lucky cerise on Banker-as for the last , time they turned towards home. A wild, death- dealing amateur, clinging to a near bit and an off bridoon, and with the curb splintering his horse's jaw, went Blap through the second last fence, and the air for an inBtant was darkened with splintered rails. The rider's heart was sound as bell-metal, but his temper too hot for the business. Allan oould feel as he cleared that fence that he must be near at the finish, and a tinge of anxiety mingled with his enthu siasm. The roll of The Stag's lusty shoulder under his knee was as vigorous as ever-there was no signal of distress from the sensitive ears, the burnish of the rider's spurs was yet undimmed. What if he and Jack Herriek should fight it out at the finish ! He almost feared that contingency, but none the jess touched The Stag for the first time with the steel as Ingleside's white face and the speedy Ballarat- always handy towards the finish-appeared on either side of him. Banker fell hack beaten, for the weight had found him out, and as they raced at the last jump Jack Herriek looked over his shoulder to see who was coming ax him. But the out sider irom the Murray had gone his distance too; lie was too green for such a test as this, A hundred yArds from the fence he began to roll, and his rider flogged, but it was useless. The Stag, fit yet to race for a kingdom, came to him in every stride. His horse's nose was on the other's flank as both shortened their stride for the fence. Once more Jack Herriek looked round, and this time his face was dork and more drawn than ever. He saw that his rival would beat him-the other was to be always first Ogilvie, even in that fraction of a second, could read his thoughts, yet was more con cerned for the recklessness of his rival in racing a tired horse at such a fence. In the next instant his heart leaped to his mouth. Derrick had turned again," his teeth showing in a savage smile. " No, by hell, yon don't! he shouted. The next instant the grey horse was pulled across him, and there was a blinding crash. . . « « . « Lying in the casualty-room under the hill Allan Qgilvie struggled back to consciousness -first with the din of the boofB still ringing in bis ears-a rhythmic galloping to the tune of sitting birds, then a change to the rush ing of waters. As he openea his eyes they fell upon the dapper figure of a sporting surgeon, who with bis cuffs rolled baok was methodically wiping bis hands. He could see a splash ofblood on a fold of the snowy linen, (rat as yet had no idea as to where be WAS or how he came there. The surgeon was talking to one of the stewards who stood near. " I can't quite make out hpw it happened," he «iid. "Tbegreyseemed toewingintohim, and his horse spraddled and put bis foreleg between the top and middle rail-it "snapped like a carrot and hung bythe tendon. Oh, that poor horse-what jbave they done with him?" " " They shot him wxjwe lie hung," said the steward f "ifa a Woflqer the rail didn't snap -hat they're terriblytough those mountain ash panels-they mSAQ, (hey rarely tweak." - *...'".* .. It brought ^llan^Qgilvie baok to his senses-he%ejm|nibkred everything how-the last fencp. the look oh Herrick*s face as he pulled hiB horefe^Veif.ftnd with it came a rush of savage resentment. With an effort .he shook- off the gailoping field and' the flowing watej ahdstrnggled to Ids feet The surgsonilaMl a warninghand on jiis shonlder. ^Steadjr^ny lad," h£ said kindly/ "there's noftxuaghrpken ; you've had a hasty shock, thetfsall, andmustlie quiet for a little " Where M lie-wheee's that dam'd mnr during houoflr iie said angrily, brushing aside the res^xeaniog hand on his shoulder, $rie$ tojttll ' a9 lie killed poor Tom White yeare ajro. I» settle with the cowardly dog for this. " Hueli man !" said the steward solemnly, as he pointed across the operating table to the other side of the room. The bed was covered with a Btrip of white canvas which had settled down to the still outline of a man-Bo still, BO rigid, that none need ask faltered, then still weak from his stunning fall staggered across the room and tremblingly raised a corner of the canvas cover. There was no recog nisable face. It had been crushed horribly, bevond all recognition, but turning thexsloth further back lie saw -the familiar green j-icket, stained with blood and dirt. .' My God. it's Jack " he Baid solemnly; " lie's dead." "His horse rolled over him, the surgeon eiiil . " he was Killed on the spot- poor chap, he never knew what hurt him. Did you know him ?" he went on ;he seems to have i few friends on the course-there hasn t been a suul to see him." j Allan listened in a confused way, then gropei.l for the door, gasping, "Let me out; let me out, please, into the light "lie's all right; his friends are waiting for him outside," said the surgeon. " He's with the Woodlands people." And he opened the door." . , , . Allan Odlvie hardly noticed the inquiries of his friends; the fall and the shock of that sudden discovery had unmanned him. He took tlie brandy that was offered him, and said, " I'm all right, boys-just let me move about heiecn the grass for a minute-and I'll go'and dress." They had barely left him when a slouching figure singled out from the curious crowd and walked up to him. " You 'member me, don't ve, Mr. Oiiilvie?" he said. " I'm sorry to hear iny old mate Jack's gone, but I'm glad you ain't." Then he stopped, for the man to whom he spoke had both hands ( on his ? temples, and was staring at him like one (demented. _ i \ At last he gasped, with an effort, " It is ^Vhite-it's no ghost. You're Tom White, ain't you ?-you're not drad ? Good Heavens, [fcan, speak, can't you ?" He bad gasped the words spasmodically, while the other stared at him in silent wonder. , " , " My name's Tom "White, o course,' he mumbled. "You knew me and him in there ; we was mates drovin* on the Upper Murray." The ttapredies of this day were almost too much for Ogilvie; everything was rushing at once to its climax. Steadying himself with an effort he came closer to the other, and in a voice sunk to a whisper with intensity of feeling said, "But where have you been? Everyone thinks you dead-damn it, man, speak 1" he went on impatiently. " Don't you know that poor Jack Herrick lying dead in there was Bospected of having killed you?" " I heard somethin' of it," said the other apologetically, "and was goin' down some day to give it the lie, but somehow I kept pnttin' it off, and puttin' it off, and never got the chance-till i come down to see the Grand National run." " Why didn't you write ?" Allan asked. " I was always goin' to," the other an swered : " but that's ray sort, you know-I keep puttin' things off and then forgettin' 'em.n "Good Lord! is a thing like that so little that yon couldn't summon enough resolution to do what was right ? What sort of man are you V "I always meant to," said the other, apologetically. " You, see wben I went away I took Mb pet horse, then I got drunk up at Greek Joe's on the Blue Range, and when I was cleaned out I sold the horse, so I was rather 'shamed to show up again while he was about. I hope there ain't no barm done." "No harm!" Ogilvie eaid vehemently, overwhelmed in an instant with a withering contempt for this wretched, vacillating man, who had hidden away and let his tnate carry for years the blame of having killed him. "Stand back, or I'll do yon some harm. He didn't kill you. No I bnt you killed him. Do you hear, you skalking hound, you killed him The man slunk away in the listless, Blouching style so much in harmony with his lack of character, and as the curions crowd attracted by the altercation began to gather Allan Ogilvie turned also. " Narked because he didn't win," he heard someone say as, with downcast eyes, he walked back to the oasualty-room. "Can I go in a moment?" he said to the attendant on guard at the door. "I want to see him ;? he's an old friend of mine." The. room was empty-save for the Bolemn silent figure beneath the canvas. He did not raise it from the face again. Dropping beside the couch, he felt beneath the coverlet and drew forth the band, blue-whitein death -pulpless as patty now. " Forgive me, old chum," he sobbed. " God forgive me-and you." 