THE MERCURY. HOBART: TUESDAT, AUGUST IS, WS. EPITOME Or N£W8. Parliament reassembles this ovening. Longford meeting; yesterday opposed Go- vernment land tax proposals as inopportune, T.T. Club meeting at Launceston yester- day adopted satisfactory report and balance sheet. Public meeting at Evandale yesterday adopted a resolution against the Government land tax proposals. Southorn Tasmanian Auxiliary British and Foreign Bible Society annual meeting hold last evening. Customs returns for week ending August 10:-Hobart, £3,075 15a. 5d.; Launceston, £3,0612s. Sd. First dividend of 0s. Mutual Union In suranco Co. ¡Limited payable on and after the 15th. Coxon ft Greenatreet, of Sydney, retained by City Council to report on cool storage in Hobart. Mr. J. G. Bushman, M.R.O.V.S., Launces- ton, report* that the bullock's liver sont him for examination last week by the Government was infested with bydatids. Unemployed waited on Sir E. Braddon at Launceston yesterday. He promised to expedite commencement of work at Tamar bridge. Silver quotation, 30 3-8d. , Jeannie Dean, the Otago baby murderer, was executed at Invercargill yosterday. Severe drought still prevails in Southern Queensland. Loss of stock feared. Sydney fireman killed by falling from an engine when starting for a fire. West Australian railway accounts show a surplus of nearly £100,000. First 20 milea of Coolgardie railway will be opened to-morrow. Mrs. Stewart, one of the Kucheng martyrs, fought her assailant until backed to pieces. Flotsam from the wrecked steamer Catter thun still being picked up. > Two hundred Macedonian insurgent*killed by Turk« on the 12th hist. ) Kaiser William grouse shooting in West- moreland. Ballarat Exhibition Committee «eliciting exhibits from Tasmania. The Sunbeam has arrived at St. Vincent "all well." Another stage of International Chess Con- gress play has been cabled. Steinitz leading. , Terrible domestic tragedy. Four murders, mutilation, arson, and attempted suicide of the murderer. Imperial Parliament will be opened on Thursday next. Queen's Speech likely to be merely formal. Orkney election has resulted in return of the former Liberal member. This closes the House of Commons electoral campaign. Parsee merchant at Perth fined £400 for importing Indian labourers in contravention of the law. English barque Mayhill a total wreck on reef off Geraldton. She ia laden with rail- way iron for Cue. Man and wife have banged themselves In New South Wales. One aged 22, the other l8. Fire at Wright ft Co.'* boot factory, Bet more, Sydney. Damage £10,000. Fully in- sured. Steamer Argus has returned to port at Thursday Island. Marine inquiry as to her recent stranding has been commenced there. Orient steamer inspected yesterday. Sur- veyors will permit her to go on to Sydney for repairs. No structural damage done by the recent lire. ___^^^^^^^^ TUE official Agricultural Statistics of Victoria, which have just been re- ceived, have an interest for the people of this colony, because they serve to s!iow how things are going with our, neighbours. For some time past wê have heard that agriculture in Vic- toria, which has had such benefit as all-round Protection eau give it, was in a bad way, coupled with the fact that there was a tendency to migrate to New South Wales, even though that colony has always bad a decided inclination towards Freetrade. In this instance we have another example of the truth of the axiom that Protection does not protect, for the farmers de- clare that they cannot live, although they have had the benefit, such as it is, of a host of duties. The true source, of error in most discussions on public matters, and especially on those which relate to the land, is, that a number of persons argue from a partial view of the facts, that is, they mistake the part for the whole, and draw general conclusions from par- ticular instances. This very common kind of error runs through the whole of the famous book of Mr. HENKY GEORGE, we find it staring us in the face in most of the so-called argu- ments about the land, whilst it flourishes like the bay-tree in a whole host of popular dissertations on the new departures which the public is called upon to make, in order to set the world absolutely to rights. In Victoria the farmers and tire miners have been pronounced Pro- tectionists for a long period, but the fact remains, the undoubted and indisputable fact, that they are just where they were before, or rather they bave gone back from their old posi- tion. All the evils which Protection was intended to banish remain, with the result that there is an exodus of the population which was to be fixed upon the soil, and made to flourish in happy homes' in the midst of smiling homesteads. The Statistics show that agriculture is retrogressing amongst our neighbours, though they do not bear out some of the allegations made as to the extent to which it has de- clined. The fact is certain that a large number of selectors have not paid their instalments, and the Govern- ment has found out that it cannot enforce payment, but that appears to be a state of affairs common to most of the colonies at the present time, so that we do not know that the state of Victoria in this respect can be made to point a special moral. We find, however, that between March 1894 and March 1895 the number of cultivated holdings had decreased by 300, as officially recorded, but this does not show, of course, the full extent of the trouble. It is known tbat the mortgagees have in a very large number of cases paid the instalments due and are carrying on the farms, as this is the only way in which they can hope to get any return for the money lent. The history of the mortgages of the Victorian settlers would be a very curious one indeed, and might serve to en- lighten some who talk very glibly about the paradise that would be brought about if everyone had free and easy access to the soil. The land which has gone out of culti- vation in the year is set down at 38,710 acres, which is a fact to be noted, while the total yield of wheat j shows a falling off of 95,691 bushels. Other crops, including oats, barley, potatoes, and rye, show a slight in- crease, which is also a fact to be noted, for it leads to the conclusion that agriculture is not absolutely going to ruin, as wo have been led to believe. Hay shows an increase of 80,355 acres, but there is a decline of 23,250 acres in the area under artificial grasses in connection with cultivated holdings. A few outside crops are recorded, ouch as flax and hemp, whilst there is" a slight increase in the area of gardens and orchaids, which go to show that there is a tendenoy to small industries in connection with the land. The wheat crop is the one which usually attracts the most attention, because a belief still exists that these colonies will be able to do a large ex- port trade in this article. We confess that we see no prospect of this, at least for many years, seeing that they have to compete against the new lands ' of America and the cheap labour of the East, which is being more and more utilised every year. Last year was an unfavourable one in Victoria, for the average yield of wheat was but 8'33 bushels to the acre, a yield which could not have paid, we should «ay, the grower even for the roughest and cheapest method of cultivation. This is the lowest average yield that' has been obtained in Vic- toria for eleven years, with the exception of one ) year, the nearest approach to it having been in 1866, when the average yield was 8'99 bushels to the acre. In three years during the period an average of over 11 bushels to the acre has been obtained, but in 1889 the general average fell to 710 bushels per acre, which we should Bay must have been a ruinous one to the farmers, and especially to the new settlers, who were working from hand to mouth. Oats and potatoes have kept up a fairly steady average yield during the whole of the period, though, of course, they have varied from year to year. Thus, the yield of oats last year was 21*14 bushels to the acre, whilst potatoes returned 3*49 tons per acre, the higheBt average yield re- corded being 4'16 tons to the acre in 1885. The moral to be derived from the statistics of wheat-growiug in Victoria, and in other places too for aught that we know, is that, there is a place for everything. The selectors in that colony, however, have reached the conclusion that wheat is in its place everywhere, and are learning slowly, but in a school which has a way of driving its lessons home, we mean that of experience. The statistics show that though the general average of the yield of wheat is so low, there are numbers of places in the colony where the average is always good, a fact as much due to the climate as to the soil. Thus, we find one place where the average return was 30 bushels to the acre, from another we have 29 bushels, another gives over 21 bushels to the acre for two years consecu- tively, another shows 20 bushels, and several as much as l8 and 17 bushels to the acre. As a rule, however, these larne returns are obtained from small areas of land, no doubt specially suitable for the crop and in favoured localities, but evett Wien we allow for this, there is ample evidence to show that wheat growing is undertaken in localities not well adapted to it, generally be- cause of the bad climate. This is specially noticeable in the Wimmera district, where the selectors have put large areas into wheat, so that the more suitable localities, on the other side of the dividing range, grow but little, but what little they do grow gives very large returns compara- tively. It is not possible to discover how the wheat-growers can perma- nently live on the small returns which they get in these interior districts, ¡ seeing their liability to periodical droughts, und the distance which the grain has to be carried in order to I reach the sea-board. The agricultural problem in Victoria has by no means been solved by letting the people loose upon the land. WE said a short time ago that it would be.unwise for the butter-inakcrs of Aus- tralasia to calculate confidently on being able to compete with Scandinavia in the English market, although there has been a temporary suc- cess. It did not seem probable that Denmark and Sweden, which depend so much on the English market, were likely to surrender with- out a struggle, and we now learn from the French agricultural papers, which have paid great attention to this sub- ject, that the countries concerned are fully alive to what is taking place. Scandinavia has very nearly driven France out of the British butter trade, owing to the superior skill that she has shown, for the French are said to be far_ behind their northern neighbours in a business in which they used to hold themselves to be supreme They point out that Scandinavia has increased her exports of butter to Great Britain from G8,000,0001b. in 1892 to 82,000,0001b. in 1894. The season of drought which occurred some two years ago caused the death of many cattle in all parts of Europe, be- sides making the yield_ of those that survived to fall off considerably. The French view is, and it may be worth consideration, that this gave Austral- asia Her opportunity, of which she took advantage, and so got a footing in the British market This has alarmed the people of Denmark especially, who thought that they had a monopoly of that market, and the result has been, that the Copenhagen Chamber of Commerce has decided on steps which are intended to make Denmark, at all events, supreme iu the market so long monopolised by her pro- duct. The first btep taken wai to arrange to raise the quality of the butter to a degree which cannot be equalled by the Australasian makers, and to this end there has been estab- lished what is called a tasting service. It is the business of this service to watch over all the butter that is meant for exportation, so as to ensure that it is of the very highest quality. But, the work has gone further. It is recognised that prices of late have been abnormally high, consequent on the scarcity, and Denmark has íesolved not only to pro- duce a better butter, but at a lower price than has prevailed for some time past. Australasians will do well to make a note of this. SOME of the comments in the foreign papers on the crisis in Great Britain are very wide of the mark, but there are some which may well i make Britons feel proud of the manner in which their public affairs have been conducted. One critic points out that a crisis ia Great Britain does not at all , mean what a .similar state of affairs means in France, because in Great Britain the outs know that they will be the ins at some future time, and take their defeat with a great deal of good temper, and aro even able to congratu- late their opponents on their accession to office. Says one writer, in Great Britain they do not wear out their public men ; when they are beaten by -the parliamentary tempest they hang thom out to dry, and keep them for use on a future occasion. In France this is not the case. The politicians march across the stage, and vanish, seldom or never to return. It is pointed out that half a dozen public men, that is, great leaders, have sufficed Great Biituin for about a century, so that there has been no waste of matetial. Thus, we have i Wellington, Melbourne, Palmerston, Gladstone, Disraeli and Salisbury, who I have in turn carried on the government i over n long period of time. The writer I thinks, without much warrant, that a sporting Premier like Lord Rosebery is sure to be popular, and has but towait his hour to come again, but this, we fancy, is one of the wild general- isations hi which Fiench writers vare fond of indulging themselves. All the men whom he has named were strong men, men who v.ere felt to be equal to their position, but Lord Rosebery is regarded OB a failure, and even a greater failure since he left office than when he was in it. For, he has contrived to offend the Liberals, whilst he has attacked the House of Lords without having any definite scheme of reform to propose, although he declared that he was ready with one. The pro- blem is, will the future be like the past! As a rule, Democracies use up their best men, for they make politics a war to the knife business, as we see in : France The present reaction indicates that Great Britain is still highly Con- servative, having a wholesome dread of wild projects of all sorts, and is trustful of those who are able to lead. I PARLIAMENT.-Both Houaea of Parlia- ment meet thia eraring after the arrival of the members' special train from the north of the ¡Bland. In the Council, the Companies and the Cruelty to Children Prevention Bills will be first taken for their ti nal stages, with the Foreign Companies Bill and half-a-dozen other« if there i* timo. In the Assembly the Electoral Aot Amendment Bill will again provoke discussion, followed by the Post Office and Salaries Beduction Kills in that order. It U understood that Mr. Fenton will have an opportunity of moving hi* Waratah-Zi-ehan Ballway Billon Wednesday afternoon, and that the Land Tax scheme of the Government will be unfoldod during the coarse of the week. " BEAUTIFUL BRITAIN. "-A further supply of Part« 1, 2, 3, and 4 of " Beautiful, Brluin " is to hand. Those desiring copie« would do well to apply at onoc. sa this is the final consignment and the demand.-ic increasingly Urge. The success of this uuique artistic publication has been nnprecl deoted. Emphatically a work of photo- graphic art of the highest order and interest, the - unsolicited verdict of the public ou " Beautiful itritain " has been emphatic and enthusiastic. Mauy things have contri- buted to thin ; notubly, the perfect finiah of the original photographs uud the uniform ex- cellence of tho leproduotions, the historio and general interest of the scenes pour trayed, and tho aroma which, in all British colonies, accompanies every suggestion or asiociation which ia, in its essence, English. To say that such an opportunity may not occur ¿gain is, in this case, no mere reiter- ation of a time-worn phrase. Nothing approximately eomparab'e to " Beautiful Britain " has precadtd it ; there is a high- water mark in everything, even iu photo- graphie act. " VITAL STATISTICS. - The Government Statistician's repoit on vital statistics of the colony show* that during the month of July 136 births-58 males and 78 females -were regiitered iu the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. '1 his shows a decaease of 9 births aa compared with the corresponding month last year, and a I decrease of 30 as compared with the average of the births registered in July during the last five-yearly period. To every 1,000 of the population of the two districts 'the proportions of births registered were as follow :-For Hobart, 2'5'î; for Launceston, IOS ; all, 2-30. Deaths.-The deaths regis tered in July, in Hobart and Launces- ton, numbered 81-47 males and 37 females; 31 deaths, or 3S'00 per ceut. of the whole, took place in public institutions. The totul number of deaths registered in the two districts during July, 1895, ia 8 less than the corresponding month last year, and shows a decrease of 6'40 as compared with the average number of deaths regis tered in July during the last five-yearly period. To every 1,000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportioua of deaths registered were as follow :-Hobart, 1 '53 ; Launceston, 1 '26; all, 1 '42. The deaths under five years of age numbored 15, or 17*80 per oont., of which 7 were under 1 year of age; the deaths between 5 und 65 years of age numbered 39, or 40-43 percent.; and the deaths 06 years and upwards numbered 30, or 35'71 per cent. In the country districts the returns are -.-Births -. North-Eastern, males, 32 ; females, 30 ; North-Western, 40-38 ; 'Midlands, 34 15 ; South-Easiorn, 22-25 ; South-Western, 8-6. Total for all country distriots, 135 males and 121 females. Total, 256, or 2*57 per 1,000 of the population. The total in July, 1893, was 254, and in 1894, 259. The deaths were : North-Kastern-Mules, 13 ; females, 7 ; North-Western, 21-13 ; Mid- land, 14-5 ; South-Eastern, 9-11. South- western, 1-0. Totals for all country districts were-Males, 58 ; females, 30 ; total, 94, or '91 per 1,000 persons. The total in July, 1893, was 81, and in 1894, 62. TESTAMENTARY.-The following probates and letters of administration have been issued :-Probates : Duncan McLaren to John Carstairs, £285; Robert William Barwick to Ellen Margaret Barwick,£449 ; James Bricknell to Edward Peter Anderson, £411. Letters of Administration : Heury Richard Polden to Fanny Polden, £475. COURT OP REQUESTS -The following cises were heard before Mr. Commi.sinner Shaw yesterday:-Conacber v. South British Insurance Co., claim £2 l8»., commission, Mr. W. B. Propsting (Tinning & Propsting) for plaintiff, and Mr. W. W. Perkins (Per- kins & Dear) for defendant. Judgment wa* given for defendant with 30s, costa. Har- graves v. London and Lancashire Fire Insurance Co.,- claim £3 10-., for work and labour done. Mr. Geo. Murdoch for plaintiff, and Mr. W, B. Propsting for de- fendant, Judgment waa given for defendant. Walch v. Harrod, claim £2 7s., money lent. Mr. Horace Walch for plaintiff, and Mr. W. B. Propatiug for dofendant. Judgment for plaintiff for full amount in weekly instalments of 5s. each. Davis v. I O'Brien, olaini 18s., for rent. Plaintiff appeared in person, while Mr. Herbert Nicholls (Nicholls j-, Stops) represented defendant, for whom judgment was given, each pitty being ordered to pay his own ooats. Fryer & Co. v. FurUy, claim £3 2«. 4d , goods sold. Plaintiff conducted his case in perron, and-defenrtaat was represented by Mr. K. Maxwell (Chapman 4 Maxwell), Judgment reserved. Crisp v. Piety, claim £3 8s. Id., goods sold. Mr. W. tí. Propsting appeared fur plaintiff, but defendant did not appear. Judgment given plaintiff for amount claimed. Slirk and Anr. v. Manson and ilia., claim £5 19s. Od., for work done. Mr. W. ti. Propsting appeared for plaintiffs, who were awarded a judgment for £4 5s. The sitting of the Court oonotuded at 5,50 p.m. CITV POMOK COURT. - Before His' Worship the Mayor ( Bon. John Watchorn) and Alderman fliddleatone yesterday, two young men from the country were each fined 20«. 6d. for using unseemly language at the corner of Eliza- beth and Liverpool streets. The Mayor said he wondered why it was that respect- ably- dressed young men, suoh as these, gave way to such language as that complained of, Frederick Turner Wa« fined 5s. and Herbert Semple 10?. Od , both for disturbing the peace. 'Ellen Knight, a similar'1 offender, was fined 20s. 6d., or a month. George Duncan, for being drunk and diaordetly, wes fined 5s., and a like penalty was in- flicted ou Foster Bullook for being drunk »nd incapable while in chargo of a horse and cart. In this case the horse bolted and the oart was smushed. SASSAFRAS PILLS.-Another triumph. Valu nblo unsolicited toHtimony. " Mr. II. T. Gould, Manager Tahinanian Kuenlyptus OH Co. Dear Sir,-lam pleased to udd my testimony to tho virtue of your Sassafras Pill». I tried tlicinfor CONSTIPATION AN« INACTIVK LIVICK, with frequent attacks of liillousncsa, und found them most excellent. I can strongly recommend thuin us o gentle and safufupcucnl medicine, which, while not griping, answer» the purpose most effectually. Several of my friend« to whom I have «¡ready recommended them also speak highly of tho benefit tluiy hnvn derived from their use, and intend to nl\vn)S keep a supply on hand. It is one moro n.-oot of the valuoof our NATIVE ItK»iiäDiK8.-Yours truly K. O. ATKINS." "1 hu vc much pleasure In en- dorsing tho above. W. ROBINSON." H. T. Gould:* Co., Special Agents. POPULAR HOME JOUHNAIS.-Mesara 3, Walch * Sona advertise ia another column the receipt of the latest number« of Wtldon'ë Laditi Journal and Weldon'* Bazaar o/ Children't FaiMons. The former ii a capital home journal comprlaing faahiona of the latest style', auch a« blouses (of all descrip tiona), bodlcea, breakfaat jackets, dressing gowns, Eton coat«, hairdressing, te* gown«, tea jackets, and many other subjects on clothing generally. The latter I* a journal entiroly for children. It is profusely illus- trated, and without doubt is tho best journal to hand for the making of clnthiug for children. The prices are well within the reach of everybody. Mesar« Walch 4 Son« i alto notify the arrival of the Young Lodi ' Journal, the Strand,, the /fifer, Strand Mutical Staqatint, Windsor Magazint, Ileview oj Hevkwi. They have also the summer number of the Graphic, whiuli besides being profusoly illustrated and sup plemented by two striking coloured «uppln ?nents, gives a oharming »tory of the Tharne* Valley, in whloh the author very deftly in- termingles an entrancing tale with a deacrip tive synopsis of the scenery along the course of the famous river, from its little trickling source until it meets the mighty deep. Those who know aught of the Thames Valley will find keen enjoyment in perusal of the summer number. MR. BRBNTOS'S NKW BOOK.-There is before us a small- aud handy volume of pithy sermons on great subjects, entitled, " Fruit from my Launceston Study," the work ,of the Rov. U. .). Brunton, whose " äermonettta," publiahed a decade ago, may be remembered (not without profit, porohanoe) by many. Mr. Brunton ia pleasantly frank. He admits that lie haa been unable to get bejoud what one might call the border-line of tome great questions of potent intereat to the Church.' But the " fruit" included is,'none the lest, fragrant, wholesome, sound ; and, withal, calculated to oréate an appi tito for more-wh oh latter ia an admirable and none too common quality in a new book of the religious type. The subjects touched upon aro varied and repre- sentative, ranging from " Sio" to " The Un- searchable Richea of Christ." Some of the aphorisms appended-consistently atyled "twiga" hythe «riter-have in them the perennial charm of freahnera allied to the ever-admirable attribute of fearleao thought. Suoh, for instance, aa this : " The foelinga inspired by sacred music aro often mistaken for pioty." The book, on a necessarily rapid sorutiuy, appears to be eminently reverent, charitable, sane, devoid of the angular con- tumacy which characterises the verbose re- iteration of minor sectarian dogmar. Aa such it should succeed in its object. " WALOB'S LvmiA.Br INTELLIGENCE " The august number of this useful publica- tion contains tersely written articles, "Shall the University be Closed," "An Interval with Stanley J. vVeyman," and "The Making of Lawn Tennis Rackets," besides Literary Notes, and the usual voluminons hints to book buyers. COUNCIL OF AORIOCLTUBH.-At the last meeting of the Riohmoud Branch the pro* posed amalgamation of the Council of Agri- culture and the Stock Department was als cussed, and the following motion oarried : " That the Board approves of the auggeation fchatKthe Council of Agriculture and the Stock Department be amalgamated, that it will be a saving to the country, and the duties can be as effectually performed." I he following motion relative to oold storage waa alao carried :-" That the Board considers it is most desirable to have cool storage in Hobart. That the butter trade would be assisted, and tamba and mutton might be held over for winter uae even if J they were not exported." To COUNTRY AOENTS.-Beautiful Britain -The full «uppliea of Part« 1, 2, 3, and 4 have been received per Oonah, and order« to hand have been despatched-on Monday evening. Any irrégularité« as to late delivery should be notified at once to The Mtrenry Office. A« no forther supply of these part« witt be obtained, it i« neceiaary that ull wanting single copies of this mar- vellous portfolio cr the whole series should apply at once. A CAMPBKLL-STREKT Gnosr.-In the dark hours of Sunday morning a young man was wending his wsy homewards, past the dis- used burial-ground in Campbell- street, when he «aw a tall, white-robed figure stalking among the tombs. He did not run away, but "went for "the ghost, only to find it was a young woman in her robe de chambre, and in a sound sleep 1 While meditating aa to what was to be done, he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sort of way. Ex- planations followed, and it oame out that the ghostly-looking figure was the wife of a respectable artizan, who, missing her from his aide, rose from his bed and went to look fur her, and found her wandering in the gloomy ueoropolia. TECHNICAL SCHOOL -Mr. W. H. Jones, of the Model School, Battery Point, de- livered an intereatiog lecture last evening on " The Science of a Soap Bubble." After ii aeries of experiments to exhibit the conditions under which air bubbles niay exist, the principal one being the presence of what is known as the air-film, this film j being illustrated very graphically with fine mesh wire oylinders, the film formed be- tween the meshes being sufficient to hold a large quantity of water within the oylinder, the lecturer passed to illustrating tbs nature of films-their elasticity. A film blown out toraie a bubble, and bubbles of many forms I were blown, the moat beautiful being the bubble blown within a bubble. Gas bubbles were blown, and the gas shown by firing the bubble, to the delight of the younger members of the audience, and bubbles «ere let up and held captive with pieoes of cotton. There was a crowded attendance, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer at the conclusion of his very interesting lecture. Next week Dr. Barnard will leoture on " Eleotricity and Magnetism." ARTICLED CLERKS' ASSOCIATION.-The usual fortnightly meeting was held at the Masonio-hall last evening. Mr. G. Murdoch oc-mpied theobair, when the following debate took place :-A offerB a reward of £100 to any person supplying certain information within a fixed time. B, unaware of the offer, and moved by considerations of moral duty, gives the information required within the prescribed time. Subsequently B hears of the advertisement, and claims £100. Can he recover? Messrs. Morrisby and Jones led in the affirmative, and Messrs, Walch and Murphy replied iu the negative. Messrs. Elliston, Evans, Roberts, Page, Hudspeth, L. L. Dobson, Rule, Miller, H. Crisp, H«ory, and Bradford, also spoke. After the chairman had summed up the quostion was put to the meeting, and decided in the negative. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. CHBISTIAN ENDEAVOUR.-The fourth an- niversary of the Melville-streot Wesloyan Chrittiau Endeavour will be held in the Mechanios'-hall, Melville-street, this even ing. This movement is still rapidly growing, the last published return being 39,725 societies with a membetship of 2,385,300. The Melville-stroet Society is one of the oldest in Tasmania, and Ima a membership of l18, with a junior branch of 68, total '186 members. The anniversary to-night is expected to be a most intereatiog one. The various reports will be read and addresses given by ministers and members of the Society, with half an hour to the juniors. Kindred soeieties and the pnblio are invited. W.C.T.Ü.-The first anniversary of the Tunbridge branch waa celebrated on the 7th lost., when a very successful and enthus- iastic public meeting was held, the Presby- terian Church being packed. Mr. Robert Kermode took the chair, and'gave an able and deeply interesting address, bearing testimony to the good work done by the union, «nd his personal experienoe of the benefits of prohibition in the State of Maine. Mrs Blair, the Colonial President, also spoke Very earnestly and encouragingly, and testified that the work done during tne year, reflected great credit on the officers and numbers who have worked most un- tiringly. The result of the vlait of Mr«. Blair has tended very muoh to «trengthen 'the tempt-ranoe movement in connection with the branch of the W.C.T.U. of Tun- bridge and Antil Pond« combined. ' BELLERIVE.-The fourth entertainment in aid of tbe Clarenoe parish fund, promoted by the Pariah Council, takes place this even- ing at Bellerive, when Dick Whittington and Hu Cat will bo performed by juveniles. The second part will be a concert by well known musician«. O'May'ssteamer leave* Hobart at 7.30 and return* after the concert. RUSKIN says "Economy no more means saving money than spending money." It means spending and saving, whether money or time or anything elso, to the best possible advantage. In that caso economy should bo the aim of all, whether rich or poor, snd as really good articles are the roost economical in the long run, buying in first-class bonaes is the most advantageous course. Mr. W. M. Williams has always done a first-class trade in Kid Gloves, and to keep up his reputation he has opened up.this week some new and novel lines, one of these being a very nice English Doe with fancy coloured stitching on the back. Tbeae gloves are a great raga in tho old country, the manufacturers finding it difficult to cope with the demand. Another novelty is a nice soft French Kid [in Black, Tan, and Dark Brown shades, with coloured buttons and stitchiogs to match. Mr. Williams baa 75 different makes of Kid, Doe, and Suede gloves now in stock. TBK CANOSR SCAB*.-The Chlof Inipector of Stock (Mr. T. A. Tabart) hu received | the following telegram from Mr. 3. G. Bushman, M.R.C.V.S., and Inspector of Stock Launceston, in leferenoe to the bul- lock'« liver which the Government received fruin Mr. A. Park, M.KCV.S, laat week, and forwarded to Mr. Bushman for micro soopical inspection :-" The disoaae lu the liver which I received for examination is hydatid oyat. The microaoope developed ecbinnoocci in variou« atage* of their growth." Hydatid«, to a greater or lesser extent, ure prevalent in most animals, and the result of the examination shuold b* hailed with delight by stoakbieedcrs of the oolony as another proof that there were no grounds for the recent canoer scare. '. TASMANIAN» A «ROAD.- At the Railway Goods Utboe, Christchurch, on July 31 Mr. A. Mcwilliams, who for the past 20 years has been attached to the department, and who has been transferred to Auckland, was presented with a handsome silver salver, the gift of his fellow-employees. The pre- sentation was made by Mr. H. Baxter, who congratulated Mr. Mcwilliams upon his promotion to the position of chief clork, and expressed the high esteem in whiuh ko was held by tho officers of the department. He filled several positions of trust io Tasmania, and is a son of Mrs. Mcwilliams,'Briabine street, Hobart. LAPNOESTON CIVIL SITTINGS.-At the Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court, Laun- ceston, to be held on 20th inst., and at which His Honor the Chief Justice will presido, the only case set down .for trial is that of Mercer v. Holmes, money payable, £150. Messrs. Clarke & Croft are retaiued far the plaintiff, and Messrs. Dobson, Mitchell, and Allport for the defendant. A CHARGE OF MURDER,-When Samuel Kvison was beforo the Auckland Police Court on the Gth inst., on a charge of murdering a female named " Jennie" at Nottingham in June, 1882-on which charge | he has been remanded from time to time since May last-he made a statement affirming that his confession was untrue. The police reported that they had received a communication from Nottingham whioli merely stated that the matter would receive full and searching inquiry, and that the r> - suit would be forwarded hy next mail. Accused wa* again remanded. An English paper mentions iu reference to Evison's case tb it the body of a young woman was found in the river in Juno, 1882, and that this ap- peared to give credonco to Evison's story. TUB COST OF PEACE.-General Turr, a veteran soldier, who has served in many a hard oampaigp, has been giving a Greek newspaper his views on the burden imposed on Kurope by the armed peace. The urtiole in whioh they are embodied in the Messager d'Athtnu is entitled " What Prince Bis- marck Costs Us"-which is giving the devil something more than his due. Acaording to the general's calculations the maintenance of peace in Europe-or, as he prefers to term it, *' armed terrorism "-baa involved an outlay of 5,000 million pounds during the Kat 25 year*. Tni* enormous sum may not deemed too mu'ch to pay for the blessing it has secured to ue, bnt, in spite of it, we cannot be sure of peace for a single month. " A olumsy telegram " may, as the general puts it, ignite the vast mass of explosive material whioh lies ready to be tired, and bring about the dreaded explosion. The war, it is agreed, would not be long, but supposing it to last six months, Europo would be aalled upon to spend £1,200,000,000 more, and every soldier killed would have cost £62,000. So says General Turr, and even if his figures aro considerably exag 1 gerated it remains true that the European, nations «re groaning uuder a military loud such as never oppressed the civilised world before. And there seem« no immediate prospect of a lightening of the burden. Universal disarmament seems the only way out of the peril, but the man is not yet boro who will see the accomplishment of that, 