"LAYING" A GHOST In one of the Midland counties is a fine old and rather celebrated hiBtorioal mansion, with towers, turrets, and mullioned windows. But alas for all its attractive beauty !— it possesses the one terrible drawbaok with whioh so many of the grand old' mansions are unluckily sflbcted— it has iti ghost, and its haunted room, which no servant will enter alone, even in broad daylight, and in whioh no one ever — or very rarely — sleeps. With the usual provoking irregularity which belongs to the whole tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghoBt was known to " walk " at the most inconvenient moments, always nuou uvu naubcu, «uu UMOiUiiy disappointing every party of valiant ghost- hunters whenever they mastered ap courage enough for the watch. The ghost always appeared in the attire of a medieval monk — brown habit and cowl, rope girdle, sandals and carried a parchment roll in one hand. Abont two years ago it happened that the mansion was fnll of viators and among the last to arrive was a well known canon celebrated for his unflagging spirits and spkrkling wit. Bat every room was oconpted. He was far too groat a favourite to be refnsed. What was to be done.? Happy thought— the haunted chamber ! The canon, as a good priest, would of course have no fear of ghosts, and, besides, he would -know nothing of the ghost, this was his first visit. In this however the good host was mistaken, for the witty canon had often heard the story, and knew all abont it. Accordingly he was committed to the haunted chamber. On the following morn ing, at breakfast, no one appeared with a brighter or happier fao?, or eeemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fun. "It is quite clear," thought the host, greatly relieved, " he has hot been disturbed in any way." The next morning, and the next, and the next he still came down among the early ones with the same light-hearted aspeot which only those who have enjoyed sound sleep and peaceful dreams can wear. The host's anxiety at length conld stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness of his rest and the quietude oi.nta nignts. Due tne witty canon, seeing his opportunity, suddenly assuming a very grave mien, informed his host that hia first night, at any rate, had been neither quiet nor undisturbed. A sadden pause and a dead silence followed as the oanon proceeded tbldescribe how, while he was lying awake, he' was aware of the presence in the room of a tall dark figure, which came np to the bed. He observed that the fignre was habl'ed as a monk, and carried a parchment. roll, with whioh it appeared to point. Tho canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour and glaring, horrible eyeB, as they shone forth beneath the dark cowl. A drzsn anxious questions at once poured in upon the speaker — " IVhat did you do ? ' " Did you address it?" "Did he speak to you?" "How did you get rid of him?" " How.?" replied the witty canon, " Why, very easily ! I asked him to subsoribe to my schools and school- treat, when he vanished immediately ; aud I heed hardly add he has never honoured me with another visit." 