W$t imrjrtelkr. Trie House by the Biver. CHAPTER I. After all, I have not had such a bad day's fishing 1" murmured Mortimer to himself, as ho gazed fondly at soveral ' ubajnutive brown trout roposing in his fishing basket. Thoy woro rather small certainly, but men Mortimer was easily pleased. Ho had only lately boon seized with the : angling mania ; sea-trout fishing was still a joy to come, nnd to land a salmon a far-off dream. It was a blazing hot afternoon in Juno, and -everything was stooped in sunsliino. Mortimer put away his rod at last, and lying down full length on tho grass, gave himself up to dreams. Suddenly ho was interrupted by a voico. Clear and sweet it sounded, waking up tho sleepy woodlands with snatches of song. Ho. started up and hstoned. Nearer and nearer it came, then _ stopped for a moment. But Mortimer could hear the sound of a light footstep, Then through the trco3 appeared a slight, white-clad figure — a veritable wood nymph. It was no dryad who came lightly down tho wood path, but a girl in a simple boating dress of white flannel, and a big shady hat. mi,„ ui . _i, f juuug U1UU VUUgUli It gUllipSU U1 a pale face and a slender figure, supple as a young willow. The singing stopped when tho girl saw a stranger. She passed on, and began to undo tho fastenings of a small boat, which Mortimer had noticed lying near. " Lot mo help you," ho said, spring ing quickly forward. It was soon done, and tho girl got into tho boat. " Thank you very much," she said gravely and sweetly. Then she shot into the stream with quiok, deft strokes, and was soon lost to sight, Mortimer was loft with tho memory of a rare smilo, and a glance from a pair of bluo eyes which continued to haunt :hhn, "Who is sho?" ho asked himself, 0 and presently ho resolved to oxploro the place. He took np his rod and spoils, and followed the path by tho river. On it went, tho wood getting darker .and thicker, till tho pleasant sunshino .could scarcely struggle through, and a damp, cold feeling sent a cbill through him. Suddenly ho camo to a small clearing, and there, on the opposito side, with green lawns sloping down to tho rivor bank, stood an old houso, half ' covered with ivy. Beyond, everything was bathed in sunlight, but hero, portly surrounded and shut in by a small thicket of trees, tho house lay in deep shadow, and scorned to Mortimer to have a melancholy, dosorted look. Soveral boats lay moored in front, and among them ho recognised tho little skiff belonging to his fair unknown. So; sho lived there, perhaps, in that gloomy old mansion. Who was she, thisjowclin such sombre surround ings ? And ho went home meditating. Mortimer Langton had come down to those parts, after a long course of hard reading at college, rather wearied both in mind and body. Ho had declined all other invitations, and had chosen to bury liimsolf, so his friends said, in the quietest and most restful spot in the southern counties, Friars Meadows, the house of an old bachelor unclo to whom ho was much attached. Tho dear old man lived a peaceful life among his beloved books and flowers, and hnrdly over saw a soul. At dinner that evening Mortimer began judiciously to instituto inquiries about possible neighbours, and dis covered that a certain Major L'Estrange had taken tho house by tho river — the Moathouso, as it was called — about a year beforo. Ho had one daughter, and thoy lived very quietly. The Major was seldom seen, but tho girl often rode and walked about alone. " A vory nice girl sho seems, too," said his undo. " I called when they first came, and not long ago I found Miss L'Estrango near the plantation with her horso dead lame, so I brought her hero. She is uncommonly protty." _ " Ah I" said Mortimer, and ho told his unclo of their meeting. " Sho must find it awfully dull, Uncle Dick 1 Why not ask them over to dino or something ?" he added care lessly ; and then loft tho suggestion to simmer in tho old man's benevolent head. A low days later our undorgraduato rodo up the long avenue of the house by the rivor. It was almost shut in by tho overhanging trees, and seemed strangely dark and airless after the fresh, sunny lanes. No sound broke the stillness. Not a dog barked. Not a bird's note was heard. "What a dreary place I" said Mortimer to himself, as he was ushered through the sombre old hall into a quaint drawing-room with a. low ceiling, and pnncls of oak. Tho room would have been as gloomy as the rest of tho place, but for tho tokens of a woman's presence — books and flowers, and some work lying about. Major L'Estrange soon came in — a grey haired, rather striking-looking man, with restless eyes. He seemed as though trying to bo cordial, but only succeeded in being stiff. They talked of various things, and the Major showed himself exceedingly well-in formed. Chemistry, it seemed was his uuwuj f uuu uu vuv nuuiv uu nus not very communicative, and Mortimer was struck with the coldness of his reception, and the abrupt way in which his uncle's invitation to dine was declined. Ho was beginning to feel rather annoyed and depressed, when the door opened, and Miss L'Estrange appeared. Tho whole room seemed suddenly to brighten at tho girl's entrance. " She is more than pretty, sho is beautiful," was Mortimer's next im pression. It was beauty of an uncom mon type. A pale face, but of a clear, healthy pallor ; rippling hair, dark as night ; and deep blue eyes, soft, yet full of subtle fire. Thero was something half melancholy in her expression, but it vanished when she smiled. Greatly to Mortimer's roliof, the Major was called away, and his daughtor proposed they should go out. , " 1 love tho sunshine ; don't you ?" sho said. Mortimer mentioned tho invitation, and tho girl seemed to divine what had happened. She explained gently that her father had become quite a recluse, and would not go anywhere. " I can't bear him to waste these lovely summer days in his laboratory ; but nothing will porsuado ' him," sho said, with a little sigh. Then they went out of tho shadow of the old house into the sunlight together, and wandered through the quaint gardens, while sho talked in a frank, oharming way. She told him how sho had been educated in a Fronoh convent, and of tho strange wandering life they had led for somo time beforo settling in this deserted placo. Thero was a wonderful sweetness and charm in her manner, a freshness and originality about her remarks, yet with a soitpcoit of quiet- dignity and statolincss behind it all. ' " Don't you find it lonely ?" » Somotimos I do when my father goes away on business and loaves me here alono with our two old servants. But I read a good deal ; and then I have the river, and my dear Wizard — that's my horso !" " Well, at any rote, won't you come over to tea somo afternoon, if you can so far honor us ? My unclo sent you a vory special invitation." " Ho was so good and kind tho day Wizard wont lame," tho girl replied. " Yes, I should like to corno very much." Chapter II, They met often after that. Mortimer did not go muoh to tho Moathonse, as he could not got rid of the idea that Major L'Estrango looked upon him with somo suspicion ; but Evelyn L'Estrange camo frequently to his uncle's houso. Tho latter had taken an immense fancy to tho girl, and gave her many lessons in the art of garden ing, in which she was keenly interested. As for Mortimer, he was often tempted to give her lessons in other things besides gardening, but there was something so charming in her frank friendliness, that he feared to startle her by oven a look or a hint of anything deeper than friendship. Nevertheless, ho felt the spell and fascination of her ' presence more strongly each time thoy met. At last, a whole week passed without their seeing her. Mortimer knew her father had gone away, but she did not come to Friars Meadows, nor could ho find her in any of her favorite haunts, though he looked for her day after day. He had just decided to go and end his anxiety, when one hot nfternoon she rode over to consult old Mr. Langton about some roses. Both the men were horrified at the change in her. She looked dreadfully ill, nervous, and distrait. " Yes," she said,, trying to smile, in answer to an anxious, inquiry from Mr. Langton. " I have been quite ill with bad nervous headaches, and have not been out for a week." She stayed to tea, and Mortimer arranged to ride home with her. Ho Wuicucu nor, lull oi i.ijxicbjj as tncj rode silently through the green lanes, At last tho girl roused herself, and looked up suddenly into his face. " Mr. Langton, I must tell you some thing. Don't think me very foolish, will you ? A very strange, thing happened last week, and I've been ill over since." Here she stopped abruptly, then wont on in a low voice — " One night I was reading in the drawing-room alone, as I often do. The room was quite warm — we always have a fire, as the Moathouse is damp — and tho window was partly open. I was sitting rather near to it — I must have gone to sleep for hours, for I seemed to wake up suddenly. The fire was out, and the lamp very low. I felt cold and stiff, and rather frightened. Then came a sort of uneasy feeling, almost a horror, that some one was there. I turned round and looked towards tho window. . . . Oh, Mr, Langton I" She stopped a minute, then con tinued — " I saw a face looking in at me ; I saw it plainly, pressed close against the glass, quite near me — a dreadful face, thin and worn, and ghastly pale, like, I fancy, the face of a dead man. And the eyes — oh, tho horrible eyes I staring in at me. I . can see them now. I looked and looked. It was a uentury of horror. Then came a soft moaning sound, and then a terrible cry or wail, and after that I didn't know anything till my old nurse Mary found me lying on the floor in tho morning. I was ill for some days from the fright and the cold. Oh, Mr. Langton, what do you think ? Am I mad ?" Sho was trembling violently. Mortimer instinctively brought his horso ncaror. "No," he said gently; "but you have had a severe fright somehow, and you haven't got over it yet. Try and hold on a minute," as the girl swayed in her saddle. Ho was off his horse in an instant, and catching hold of the reins threw his arm round her and lifted her down. " Wizard will stand still," she gasped faintly, then her eyes closed. For a moment ho held her, then laid her very gontly on tho bank. She had not actually fainted, and with an offort, soon recovered. She was quite able to ride slowly home, whoro Mortimer left her in the oharge of Mary, tho old housemaid, formerly her nurse. Ho was very silent at dinner that 'night; so muoh so that his uncle — noticed it, and drew his own conclu sions, " The girl is both good and pretty," ho thought ; " but " However, he said nothing, and after wards the young man went out to smoke a solitary oigar. He was troubled in his mind, and paced rest lessly up and down. " Queer thing that tato of hers," he ' thought. " I can't make it out. She is so calm generally, and not a bit nervous. Why does that man go off and leave her alone ? There i3 some thing odd about him.; and that infernal place too. Poor girl I she seems lonely -sometimes. How sweet she is. Wizard, your mistress is a witch I She has certainly bewitched me." The next day Mortimer was no longer conscious of folly. He gathered a bunch of his uncle's best roses, and as soon as ho thought he could with propriety present himself at tho Moathouse, rowed up the river, landed there, and went up . to the house. Old Mary came to the door, and in answer to his inquiries said her young lady was much better. " Is Major L'Estrange expected home soon ?" asked Mortimer. "Well, indeed, sir, we don't know. Miss Evelyn said maybe to-morrow, or the next day. Won't you como in, sir ? — she will be glad to see you." . He was shown into the little morning room, and found her looking better, though still white and fragile. A faint wtui. ujcu uci vucciva uucu sue aan him, and she exclaimed with pleasure at sight of the flowers. . As for Mortimer, if his heart beat any faster when he took her hand, and looked anxiously into her face, he showed no signs of it. " Now, he said, after a few remarks, " if you will let me, Miss L'Estrango, I want to take you on the river for a bit. It will do you good." Evelyn hesitated at first, but the offer was tempting ; tho lonliness of the house oppressed her ; and finally she went. What a day that, was I Tho hush of summer lay over tho land, and the sun poured' down his golden splendour ; but here on the quiet river, in the shade of the great trees, it was cool. Under the . soothing influence of the scene the girl soon forgot all her fears, and became her natural self again. Her companion exerted himself to tho utmost to .enter tain her, and she responded with some thing like her usual bright frankness. They talked and laughed, explored tho woods, sat together on the river bank, and both were 'perfectly happy. One little incident occurred on the way home. A small bracelet of gold wire that Evelyn woro gave way, and a gold coin attached to it fell into the boat. They both searched; and soon found it. " How tiresome I" Evelyn exclaimed ; " I can't get it mended here, Wasn't it rather odd ? I found it a few days ago at home, with" this hole bored through. It's foreign, you see ; so how did it get there ? I don't think it belongs to father." ' ' " I can get tho bracelet mended for you," said' Mortimer, as he examined the coin, " and have this put on again — as I'm going up to town to-morrow. An old relation of mine is very ill, for ono thing, and I feel I ought to go. But I shan't be away more than two or throo days," he added hurriedly. Tho shadows were beginning to lengthen when thoy got back to the Moothouse. " Good-bye," said the girl, stopping when they reached tho porch. Her cheeks wei'o flushed and her eyes shone. Never, thought Mortimer, had she looked more lovely. " I can't thank you enough for being so good to me." She smiled and held out her hand. A curious look came in to tho young man's face. He took her hand in his and passionately kissed it. Chapter III. When Mortimer got home that even ing he found an unexpected and immediate summons to London, as his ' cousin was much worse. This of neeessity changed his plans, and hav ing arranged matters with his uncle, ho started to drive to tlio station about eight o'clock, stopping at the Moat- housoon tho way. Having explained Jhis errand to tho old nurse — for he had grave doubts as to the propriety of such a late call — ho was directed to look for Miss Evelyn in tho garden. He found her coming quickly towards the house, looking almost like a ghost ' in her white gown in the dim twilight. " Oh, Mr. Langtou 1" she exclaimed, and her face had something of tho old startled expression. " Do forgive nio," ho said, " for .coming at such .an hour. I feel I owe you a thousand npologios." Then ho told her all, adding that his uncle had sent special injunctions to apply to him at once if anything wont wrong before her father's return ; and he hoped she would go to Friars Meadows if she felt lonely. "Also," said Mortimer, smiling, " you must give me the broken bracelet." The young man did not add that nuxiety on his own account had determined him to try and get.a glimpse of her before leaving. Evelyn thanked him iii rather ati absent manner, then asked hurriedly if ho was pressed for time. " No answered Mortimer. " My train doesn't go till 10.80." _ " Then come with mo, if you don't mind." She led him to a small summer- house standing near a small avenue of fine yews. The night was hot and still, except for a fitful sough of light wind; and tho moon was coming up. . " They say this yew . tree walk is haunted," she said, "and I have been wondering if my mind could have got possessed with the idea. The walk leads almost up to tho drawing-room window, you see. So, perhaps it was ali a bad dream that night. Well, to night I was here" — leading him into the little summer-house — " thinking it over, when I was startled by a sound outside. Perhaps I'm easily frightened now, but — " Tliey were standing close together as she spoke, and a beam of moonlight glinted into the arbour. Suddenly she uttered a low, gasping cry, and convulsively seized her com- JJdUlUlli " Look 1 there, there 1 tho face again 1" ' . Mortimer turned, in au instant, and saw distinctly a face looking in through the small window at the side. It vanished immediately. . He rushed to the' entrance, and' heard the bushes crackling, as if some one was escaping, but there was nothing to be seen. " Don't be so frightened," he entreated, " That was only a man's face you saw. Probably some tramp or scoundrel prowling about." Bit! Evelyn's head fell against his | shoulder. Sho had fainted. He carried her into tho house, and summoned Mary. "What was to be done? Mortimer soon made up his inind. There was nothing for it but to stay till the last train. This would give . him. time for investigations. Ho wont out to interview Jem, the stable-boy, who seemed in a hurry to got away. jj. I always goes home early, sir. This is a queer place this." -"What .in Heaven's name do you mean ?" asked Mortimer. "Oh, it's haunted, sir ; always has been." " Now, look here," said i Mortimer, producing a sovereign; "This is yours if you will undertake to stay hero to night and sleep' in the house ; and you shall have two more if you will do the Ejime every night till Major L'Esfcvauge returns, or till I see you again. You will have timo to, let them know at your home, as 1' shan't wan't the dog-cart till half-past, eleven. I am going by tho lato train." ' . And he told him what had happened. Jem was not proof against tho bribe. Ho agreed ,to the proposal. Mortimer went indoors and found Evelyn almost recovered ; but fearing to disturb her,, he called tho old nurse, ex plained what lie . had done, suggested she should sleep, within oall of her young mistress, and then, greatly to the relief of. the two old servants, went 3pund the inhabited parts of the house to see that all \vas;safe. 11 What's this ?" he . said, trying the handle of a door which seemed to lead to" nowhere in particular. " That's the hahnted wing, sir," said tho other old servant. " Master's laboratory is somowhoro down there, but ho generally keeps this doos locked, sir. Ho didn't need to trouble hisself/ as mo and Mary wouldn't, go in there, not for anything 1 I've heard funny things in this house, sir, though I don't hold by all they say in tho village." " Was Miss L'Estrauge ever told that tho house is' haunted ?'' he asked abruptly, turning to go. " Never, sir, as I know of." Mortimer wont out and thoroughly searched round the summcr-liouso, with no result, and finally ho went down the yew tree walk. Tho place looked eerie enough for any story, as tho now brilliant moon light only mado tho dark shadow of the trees more intensely sombre. Tho avenue led into an old.fashioned rock garden, and hero Mortimer discovered a small door built round with rockery stones, and concealed from tho casual observer. It was locked. " Wkero on earth do these doors lead to?" he thought, as he went hack to the house. Everything was done now, that was possible, and ho went to hid good-bye to Evolyu. Tho girl was quite bravo and composed as she tried to thank him, and apologise for tho delay sho had caused. But thore was a mist in her bluo eyes nevertheless. She iusistcd on going with him to the hall door, and the young man went away with the memory of a siedder white figure against a dark background, that reminded- him some how of a beautiful drooping flower. To he Continued,) 