iSaUjs and ^ketches. A WOMAJJ OF THE COMMITSE. By G. A. HENTY. Author of ' A Hidden Foe,' ' In the Days of the Mutiny,' 'The Plague Ship,' 4* The Corse of Carne'a Hold,' ?' Dorothy's Double.' &c; (all bights reserved.) cuapter xiil By the aid of their a word-bayonets the Franc Tireurs soon pierced the wall, aod lying at full length a yard apart, replied to die enemy's fire. Through the smoke they could just make out the upper line of the wall, and as the Prussians Btood up to fire picked them off. Heart Vancoar crept along t he line urging the men to tire slowly. '?They will advance presently,' he said. 41 You can tell by the fire that they are getting thicker and thicker. \\- e must cnecK their rush.' Five minutes later there was a deep cheer and a crowd of dark figures leapt over the wall. A flash of fire ran alosg the line of defender*, and tnen as fast as the Chassepots could be reloaded a rolling fire broke nut. So heavy w*s it that before crossing a third of the intervening space the Germans wavered, hesitated and then ran back to the shelter. 'Bravo! bravo!' pea Valles shouted, springing to his feet in his excitement, but as he spoke the enemy's tire broke oat again ' Vive la France !' he shouted, and then felt heavily backwards. His fail was noticed only by those nearest to him for the Franc Tire ore were all busy. The rattle of musketry in the houses to their right showed that the French were s'Ul hold ing their own. 1 he Germans were apparently waiting for reinforcements' before they attempted another rush against the position held by their invisible foes They in turn loop-holed the wall they held and the musketry duel con tinued. Between the walla were two lines of low hedges, bat the leaves bad fal en and each party could see the loopholes through which their opponents tired. Heuri Vancuor, who was in command, ordered hall the men to crawl back to the next wall some fifty pace*, in the rear and tc loop-hold that. ' ttie next time they come,' he said, ' they will be too strong for us and we must fall back.' The remainder of the men he placed near the two ends of the wall, so that as they fell back their comrades behind could open their fire and so cover their retreat. It was another quarter of an hour before the Germans made a move. Then a great body of men spang over the wall. Forzy rifles were dis charged simultaneously, then Henri's whistle rang oat. The men leapt to their feet, and at the top of their speed ran to the wall behind tbem, from which their comrades were pouring a stream of fire into the Germans. Several feii as they ran, the rest on gaining the wall threw themselves over, and as soon as they had reloaded joined its defenders. The Germans, however, were still pressing on, when they were taken in flank by a heavy fire from the back of the bouses held by the French, and they got no farther than the wall that had just been vacated. Then the musketry duel recommenced under the same conditions as before. The company had Already lost thirty men, ten lav by the wall they had defended, killed by bullets that had passed through the loopholes ; eight more were stretched on the ground that they had just traversed. The rest, had made their way to the rear, wounded. Cuibbert had had a finger of the left hand carried away as be was in the act of firing. He had felt a stinging blow bat had thought little of it until he had taken his position behind the second waJL *' Tie my handkerchief over this, Ren£,' be Biid, ?? fortunately it ia ooly the left hand, and a linger more or less makes little odds. Where is Dampierre, I don't see him.' ' I am afraid be is lying under that wall tthere,' Rene said, 'at any rate I don't see iiim here ; he ought to be the third man from ?me. Minette will go oat of her mind if he is ikilied,' bat they had no farther time for talk ling, and as soon as his hand was bandaged (Cuthbect took bis place at a loophole. ' I think tbings are better,' he said, after a -few mi Dates, to Keoe. 'The shells are not (falling round us as they did. The heavy gan« At St. Maur must hare silenced the German batteries and I fancy by the heavy firing from the other end of the village that we have beeo reuforced.' This was indeed the case. For some time the Prussians continued to make obstinate efforts to advance, bat gradually the number .of defenders of the village increased, as the French officers managed to raly small parties M the fugitives at the bridge and led them forward again, their efforts being ai -ed by the mo a 11 ted gendarmes, who, riding among the .soldiers, beat them with the flat of their swurds, aud .ilemlly drove them forward Again. By eleven o'clock the line of the Franc Tireurs had been thickened by the fresh Arrivals, and the roar of rifles along the Hall was continuous. The French, who bad faitherto fought silently, now began to cheer, like fair «rder through the gardens its Colonel shouted, *' Forward, men, and drive the With a cheer of anticipated triumph those who n&d; so stubbornly defended the position sprang up, and the whole robbed forward againsr the enemy. A tremendous volley flashed from the wall in front of them. Cuth bert felt that he mas tailing. The thought flushed through hk -tnind that his foot had £anght in something, and then he knew noth ing more. When ne^recovered consciousness he was lying with£jecore of others -m tba floor of a kitchen, ffhere was a gaping bole in the roof and loopholes in the walls, but of this at present he saw nothing. A man with a lantern was standing beside him while another was doing something, he didn't know what, to him. ** What is it t~* he muttered. seriously I am afraid, but not fatally— at least I hope not.' ' Is Lhis Cbauipigny ?'' ' Then we have held the village ?' ' Ves, we beat the Prussians back all alone the line, they could not stand our artillery fire. There, I have bandaged you up for the present, to-morrow morning you will be taken into Paris.' ' I should like to go to llie American am bulance, if you run manage it,' Cuthbert said. ** I am an Englishman and have friends there.' '* I will manage it if I can for you, lad. Tour corps lias done splendidly to- day. Every one eays if it had not been for you, Champigny would b&ve; beeu lost. So you will deserve anything I can do for you.' The desperate defeuce of Champigny had indeed saved that portion of the French army across the river from destruction. It bad given time for the fugitives to rally, and as if ashamed of the panic to which they bad given way, they had afterwards fought steadily and well, and had driven the Germans back beyond the line they had occupied the night before, Brie-sur-Marne being now in the possession of the French, having been carried by a desperate assault, in which General Ducrot lead the way at the head of the troops. During the various operations they had lost about 1,000 killed and 5,000 woanded. The four days that had elapsed since Mary Brander had said good-bye to Cathbert at the entrance to the ambulance, had effected a marked change in her appearance. She had returned to her work on the Monday morning, but no fresh cases had come id, for there had been a lull in the sk rmishes at the outposts. During the last few days the beds bad been cleared out as modi as possihle to make room for the expected influx, aud there was but little for her to do. After going round the tent of irhich she bad charge the A merican surgeon pat his hand a poa her shoulder. 'You are no better. Miss Brander/' he said. 'This is too much for jon. I did not expect to see you break down, for I hive noticed that yonr nerves were bh steady as those of an old hospital nurse. Though you with the sponge at Gome of those operations, there was no flinching or hesitation; but I see that thongh you did not show it at the time that it bas told upon you. I shall be sorry to lose your sen-ices, especially at the present moment ; but I think you had better give it up for a time. We have plenty of volunteers, you know.'' '? I will stay on, if you please. Dr. Swin bourne. It is not the work bat the suspense that has upset me. One has been expecting this dreadful battle to begin for the last three days, and to know that at any moment now 200,000 men may fly at each other, and that thousands upon thousands may be killed in almost too awful to think about. The silence seems bo oppressive, one knows thst they are gathering and preparing, and that while all seems so still, we may suddenly hear the roar begins I shall be myself again. It is the wait ' I can understand that,' he said, kindly. ' It is the same with tbe troops themselves. It ib the pauBe before a great battle that shafces the nerves of the men. As soon as the work begins the feeling passes off and the men who, a few minutes befote, was as weak as a child, feels the blood rushing hotly through his veins, overpowers all sense of danger. Well, as there is really nothing for you to do to-day, for there are three of yoo in this teat and only oar beds occupied, you had better put yonr bonnet on again, child ; a brisk walk will be the best thing for you ; try and interest your self in what you see passing round you From what I hear tbe fighting will Dot begin until to-morrow morning, and it must he later id the day before the wounded begin toconiein. So, thongh you can return and take charge again tonight if you like, there will be really no at twelve o'clock ; bat mind, unli-ss yon art* looking a good deal better 1 shall send you off again, my assistants will need all their nerve Indeed, I must beg you to do so. Miss Brand or, nothing is so trying as sitting1 in idleness. and for my own sake, as we!] as yours7l'mnst Mary Brander conscientiously tried to carry oat llie doctor's instructions, walked briskly along the Bonlevards, and then going np the Champ Elysses, and turning to the left, weut to the edge of the plateau above the river, and there sat down on a bench and looked over the country to the South. There were many groups of people gathered at this point ; most of them, doubtless like herself, bad friends in the army gathered outside the walls, doors: but althongh her eyes were fired on the country lieyond the forts, Mary Brander did not take in the scene. She was thinking, as she had been for the last two days, an.l was full of regrets for the past. She bad not altogether admitted this to her self, but she knew now that it was bo, althongh she had fought hard and angrily with herself before she owned it. 'He was right,' she said to herself, bitterly, ?? when he said that I had not yet discovered that I had a heart as well as a A man can go straight on his way through life— he can love, he can marry, but it makes do change in bis course. I koour £ read some where ihat love is hut an incident In a man' life, while it is a woman's all or something of that sort. I laughed at the idea then as ab surd — now that it ia too Jaje 1 see it is true. He loved me, or, at loast he lifced mere much that he thought it was love. I laughed at him, I told him he was not and worthy of a woman s love. He went away hete was an end of it, as Ur as he was concrned. He lost his pro perty and took to work nobly, aod when we met he w;i3 jnst tbe same as he had been before and treate.1 me as if I bad been a cousin, and lias no doubt laughed many a time at the thought of that morning in the garden at Ken-quay, and indeed thought so liitle of it that he did not mind my seeing all those sketches of that woman in his note-books. 'There were three or four of them, too, stuck up on tbe walls of his room. Of course ehe goes there. He said she was a model. Of course be is fond of her. I should not have thought it of him, but men are wicked and women are fools,' she added, after a pause 'aod I do think that lam one of the most foolish of them. I am like a child who throws next. It ia liorrid, and I am ashamt-d of my self, downright ashamed. I hate rayselt to think that jost because a man is nice to me, and leaves me two pictures if he is killed, that I am to make myself miserable about him, and to feel that I could give np all my plans in life for his sake. I understand now what they are. It is becanse nature made them so. We are like weathercocks and have no fixed point, but can be turned by a passing b.eath. ** We have no righu becanse we are content to remain slaves. Here is my life spoilt. A week ago 1 was my own mistress and felt as free and independent as any man ; now a thrill rnns through me at every cannon shot. The things that had seemed so important However, I hope I am not quite a fooL I shall shake it off in time perhaps,' and she smiled pitifully, 'it will even do me good. I shall understand tbings better. Anna used to tell me I was intolerant and made no allowance for hnman nature. I laughed then, but she was right. When this is all over I Bhall go away. I don't suppose 1 shall ever see him again, and I will make up my mind what he is duing now, whether his corps went out last night or will go to--lay. I hope they won't be iu front. They have no rignt to pot regular soldiers. It is downright wicked that he should have enlisted when it was no busi ness of bis. I wonder she let him do it.' Then she broke oft', rose to her feet suddenly, and with an angry exclamation, ** Mary Brander, you are a weak fool,' she started back at a quick pace and with head erect. Again she walked rounj the Bonlevards, and having thoroughly tired herself made her way borne, drank a cup of Rouillion made from horse flesh, went straight to bed and so bed herself to sleep. She woke up with a start. The house shook with the explosion of heavy guns. She sprang op and went to her window, threw it open, and looked ouL She could sec Fiats Issy and Vauvres. Both were firing heavily, while between the booms of their guns she conld hear the reportB of others. No Sashes came hack from Mendon or any of the Pmssianp ositions. Nor though she held her breath to listen could she hear the sound of musketry. She struck a match and looked at her watch. It was bat one o'clock. She closed her window and wrapping herself up in her dressing- gown sat there for some time looking out. Presently the fire slackened and she crept back into bed, but again rose when tbe forts re-opened fire. Then feeling that sleep was impossible she lighted a candle and forced herself to read until daylight She \r-ts dre&sing; when the roar again broke out. This time it -was away to the left. She threw oti her things, put on a bonnet and cloak, and weut out of her room jnst as M. Midland issued from bis. ' You are going out, madam oseille. So am L I will walk with you if you will allow me. I think the re. I thins has begun. The tiring last night nag only, I fancy, to* ronse the CJermaus and rnake tbttn pass as liad a night as our men were doing, but I thing this is the real thing.' Mary was glad of his escort, it seemed to make it more bearable to have someone to speak to. In a f-w minute they scached the spot where she had sat the day before. A crowd were at read v collected. ' Where ia itt'*M. Midland asked, as they joined a group who wee gathered near the edge of the plateau are firing,' the man said ; 'look at the smoke rolling up from them ; they are clearing tbe way for our men. There, do you see that puff of smoke away on the right? That b from a battery up at Cret.nl, and now the Prussian guns on Montmesly. and all the way round Tllle .lnif, are answering. The affair is becoming hot. Listen, the CUassepots aw Indeed, between tbe sounds of the cannon a sounded likf a railway train passing over a distant viaduct. 'Is there any place where we can see better ' You wonld see better from the wall over on that side hut no one is allowed there ; half the National Guard are under amis, and hdi-e taken the places on tbe walls of the mobiles, who have gone out.' 'It is wretched seeing nothing here,' she said, peveribhly. ' Do you think we cotild get up to the top of the tower of the Notre Dame »' ' It is a long way off,' M. Michaud said, ' and if people are permitted there you may he nnre by this time there is not standing room. Besides, even from tliere the dislaoce would Maty felt that he was right, and with a little shiver said, ' £ will hurry back now and will then go down to tbe ambuUnce.' She swallowed a cup of coffee in which two eggs from the hilden store had been beaten up ; ate a piece of bread, and then started off. As she went along she gathered from the talk in the streets that things were believed to be going on welL The musketry was certainly a good deal further off, and a light smoke was rising far out upon the plain. 'They say that we have captured Montmesly, and on this side cannot be far from Ville Juif.' ' Ah, these Prussian* have brgun to learn ' I expect William aud Bismarck are by this time packing up at Versailles,' another said. ' They will know that their day has come to an end ; everyone says they will both be hang if we catch them.*' Mary hurried on. She knew that bonrs must elapse before the wounded could be brought in, but felt a feverish anxiety to be at tbe ambulance and tc hear what was -aid there. Just before she reached it tbe roar of the distant combat suddenly increased, but it seemed to her further away to the left Dr. Swinburne was standing ontside the tents when she came up. ' Do you know what is going on, sir? she asked, breathlessly, as she came up to him. ' I believe that the first firing yon heard was the advance of Vinoy, who moved oot under cover of the guns of the southern forts. From all I hear he has advanced a considerab'e distance across the plain. I believe that the firing that has just begun away to the west, is the real battle. Ducrot is out there with 100.000 men, and Yinoy's attack is but a feint to draw tbe Prussians to the south, a»d so dear the way for Docrot, who cross* the Mame and advances through Champigny. I heard the plan last night from one of Trochn's stan'. It 6eems a good one and if it is earned out with spirit I see no reason why it should not succeed. Your rest has done yon good. Miss Brander; yonr eyes are hrighrerand you look more like yourself.' 'I feel better, doctor. I have been rating myself soundly and it has done me Rood. I feel quite ready for work apun.' The doctor detected a little pathetic ring beneath the almost defiant tone in which she uttered the words, bnt he only said— ' We all have need of a scolding occasionally, it acts as a tonic. I should rather like to be braced np myself for to-night's work.' 'It is too bad,' Mar Baid, almost indig nantly. ' You are always insisting- ion our resting ourselves and yon have all the work on your shoulders. There are eight oc ten of us, and you are all by yourself.' ' Not qnire by myself. Mr. WingBeld isof great assistance to me, aud his aid wfll be invaluable when the rash comes. Besides, a surgeon, after the first operation er treatment has little more to do than to watch his patient, if he has nurses that he can rely opon Abe goes his rounds be gets their reports, he kabws bow the patients have passed the night, vnd if the wounds require rebindtng you are at hand with all thai is necessary. It is the responsibility rather then the work which 6ies one. Still if one knows that one is doing o*be's best, and that at any rate the wounded are very much better cared for, and have ranch better chances of recovery here than tfh the city hospitals, one must be content. Wtmry oueJlf That is a maxim that does for both of us, Miss Brander. Jtow you had better go in and get everything ready. It is probable that some of those wounded early this morning may soon be brought in.' Mary went in to her marque. 'The child is herself ? n the list of wounded, ** the snrgeon said, as he looked after her. '* She has been fighting a battle of some sort and has been hit pretty hard. Her expression ** has changed altogether. There was a brisk alertness about her before and she went attoat*1 ' her work in a resolute business sort of way that was almost amusing in a girl of nineteen'''' or twenty. It was easy to Bee that she had pood health, plenty of sense, and an abundant confidence in herself. At one moment jftte * * would l-e lecturing her patients with 'tbe gravity of a middle-aged women, and fire minutes later chattering away with them'like a young girl. I should hare pnt her down as absolntely heartwhole and as never having experienced the slight- st real care or trouble, as never having quite recognised that she bad grown into womanhood. Well, something has occurred to alter all that. She has received a blow of some eort, and though she may soon get over it she will never be quite the same as she was before. If one wasn't so weighed down with wotk, and had so many interesting Fiody. I never quite understood what on earth she ts in Paris for by herself at such a time be this. Bnt there is some thing that will give me other matters to think of.' The somethinc was an arnhulnnce waggon which a minute later drew up in front of the hospital, and from that moment there was indeed do time for doctor or nurses to give a thought to anything save the wonnded men uho continncd to ponr in nntil folly half tbe ?200 beds were occupied. All these men belonged to Vinoy's division. Dr. Swinbourne would take no more. There was already more work to do thin he could get through before next morning, and none of the wounded who came in later from beyond the Maroe were received there but were distributed among the other hospitals and ambo lances, at all of which preparations on a very large scale had been made. By morning the most pressing part of the work had been done. The wounded had been made as far as possihle comfortable. Some of the bullets had been extracted, some of fbe most urgent amputations made. A fresh batch | of purses arrived to take the places of the ? white-faced women who had nobly and steadily borne their part in the trying work of the niglir. ' I thank you all ladies,' the doctor said as they gathered outside the tents before going away. ** \ our assistance has been invaluable, nerve and pluck than you have done. I have juat learned that it is not likely that there will he a renewal --f the fighting to-day and you can therefore go home with the conviction that you can take your twenty-four honrs of duty without fear that there will be any pressure in yoar absence. I am going to lie down myself for three hoars. Even a enrgeon has nerves and I must keep mine steady. There arc several operations that mast be performed this afternoon and some bullets to hunt a p. I beg yoa all to force yourselves to take something as soon as you Ret to your homes, and then go to bed and sleep as long aa yoa It did not seem to Mary Brander when she started that ehe would be able to walk home, bat the keen sir revived her and she kept on until she entered Madame Midland's flit. ' Mon Dien, my child how white you look/' the French lady exclaimed, as the girl entered the room where she was taking her morning coffee. ' What a night you must have had.' The need for strength was past now, and Mary sank into a chair and burst into a fie of hysterical sobbing. Madame Micbaud car essed and soothed ber as if she had been an overtired child. ' There,' she raid, when Mary recovered a little, ' take this cup of coffee and drink it. I have not touched il and there are two eggs beaten up in it- Margot will make me some more in a few minutes. Here is a fresh roll. She made a batch *hi' morning in the oven : try and eat it, my child, and drink the coffee, and then I will help you into bed.' Mary, with a great effort, ate a mouthful of bread, and drank coffee, and in a qaarter of an hour was asleep. It was growing dark when ehe woke and remembering the doctor's orders she got up and went into the sitting room. Madame Michaud kissed her affection ately. i 'Now you are looking more like yourself, my child ; truly yoa looked like a ghost when yoa came in. It is the husband's turn for duty on the walls so we can sit and have a cosy chat together. Well,' die went on, when Mary had taken a seat that she had placed for her by the stove, 'all is going ou famously. We have pushed the Germans back every where and Trochu'a proclamation says tbe pinna have been carried out exact lv as arranged. There has not been much fighting to-day, we have hardly had a gun 6 red. Everyone is rejoicing and all the world agrees that now the Prussians have seen bow we can fight they will speedily take themselves off altogether.' 'I hope it so, Madame Midland ; certa«n'y the wounded said that they had mdvanced a long way on the south side of the Marne. None of tbe wounded from there were brought to our hospital. ' Champigny was taken. They say that there was a hard fight there and we poshed the Prussians back beyond it ever so far,1* and Madame Midland's arms expressed illi mitable distance. ' I suppose there are no reports as to what regiments were engaged,' Mary asked. 'Ob, no, bat everyone flays that the soldiers fought like lions and that the National guard was splendid. ' 'There were none of the National Guads brought in wounded to our ambulance,' Mary said. 'They were all linesman and mobiles.' 'Perhaps there were no XationaL Kuarrls encaged on that side my dear.' 'Perhaps not,' Mary agreed. 'Xo, I think they all went out by the ea-st gates.'' ** Yes* that was where Ducrot coiiiirLa.ndefl and that was where the great fight was to he,' Madame Michand said, complacently. *? nn donbt he wanted to hare the National Guard* there.' Mary, having, as the result of her own observations and from imbibing the very pro nounced opinions of Cuthbert as to tbe efficiency of the National Guard, formed an estimate the reverse of f&vonrablrto; that body, made no reply, but indeed derived some lirtle comfort from a point of view diametrically opposed to that of Madame Mtnhaud, eayinz to herself that Trochu probably sent the National Guard with I»ocrot because it was not likely that they would be called upon to do any serious fighting there. 'Won't you let the boys in, Madame Michaud?'* she said, changing the subject. ** I think there chatter would do me good, my brain seems stupid still.' The boys were brought in from the nest room, where they were doing their lessons. They were full of the reports they had gathered from their school -fellows, anil if but half of these had been true it was evident t h»t the remnant of the German army were in fnll flight towards the frontier, and that the bravest deedB of an iquity faded into insignificance by the side of the heroism dis played by the French soldiers. Their talk and excitement had the efiect of rousing Wary and preventing her thoughts reverting to the scene in the ambulance, and at half-past nine she again went off to bed feeling more like herself than she had done for Rome days. * (To be cvntinved. ) 