COUNTRY NEWS FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. EVANDALE, JUNE 14. Mr C H. Campbell gave his musical ente rtainment in the Council Chambers last night to at very large audience. He created g'eat amusemen in the first part with his musical at rice, some of them being very ludicrous. His memoirs of "Gluck" would do credit to a larger sphere of action. The most appreciated item was und ubtedly " Mrs de Brown Jones's musical party," every impersona tion being w ll applauded, the most not ce- able being M s Shoreditch and Madame Squall in. As an exponent of Tyrolean yodellng he deserves a word of praise, his false to notes be ng very pure and of great range. In the second part of his ente - tainment Mr Campbell introduces his pianoforle self instructor and transposing chart, by means of which he illustrates his lecture on " Theory of Music." The idea is ingenious, and is of great assis- tance to those who desire to learn some- thing of music; he rapidly touches upon most of the subjects in dealing with elementary theory, the special feature being his treatment of scales, intervals, and transpo ition. Vamping is generally dealt with for the benefit of those who did not know music but would like to learn an easy method of accompanying themselves. Although the second part of the lecture must have been rather a dry subject to some, it was listened to most attentively by his audience. DELORAINE, JUNE 14. Mr Ernest Hosking, assisted by Miss Ada Fi'zroy, gave one of the'r clever society entertainments last evening in the Town Hall to a fairly good audience. In addition to m mory feats by Miss Fitzroy, and clever ventriloquial sketches, etc., Mr Hosking introduced his famous cabinet test seance, and gave a b ie" sketch of the history and exposure of the so-called introduction of spirit forms. He had, he said, spent a great c eal of time and money in invest'gating spiritualistic phenomena, and had never yet found a medium capable of materialising spirits under test condi- tions. He referre in scathing terms to the recent exp sures in Sydney, and thought it was a great shame for so-called "mediums" to be allowed to trade on the game, whilst a poor unfortu- nate fortune-tel:er was liable to six months' imprisonment. Mr Hosking's audience last evening comprised representatives of all classes of society, attracted no doubt by his reput tion as a spiritualistic exposer, and when he invited a committee of three gentlemen to go on the stage to witness the exposure of the Cissie- Geordie-Jose- phine sprits two of those who volunteered were clergymen. After submitting himself to the closest scrutiny, with a rope tightly tied round his neck and sealed, and after getting inside a bag which was also tied with running string, he entered the cabinet, the ends of the rope being drawn torough two holes in the cabinet and held by one of the commit'ee Then followed an exact representat'on of the feamus Melbourne seance, by which a distinguished Judge was imposed upon as well as many others. Miss Fitzroy also gave an exhibition of her powers in the rope tying illusion. There can be no doubt that the enter'ainment is productive of a large amount of good in exposing the spirit frauds, and the liberal patronage bestowed on the clever per- formers is well deserved. : LATROBE, JuNE 14. e La:t night the Federal Minstrels gave an exce'lent entertainment in the Odd.a fe'lows' Hall before a large attendance, i who frequently bestowed liberal applause upon those taking part. Mr J. A. White (tambo), Mr J. Clark (bones), and Mr H. Webster (interlocutor) were all that could be desired, and between them su c eded in keeping the audience in roars of laughter. Many of the local hits in particular were very good, and keenly appreciated. MrH. Webster was heard to advantage in "The bridge," as he was in good voice, and, as was to be exceeted, received a mit pro nounced encore. Mr W. 'J'c shack, "Queen of the earth," was also very good, and in response to an mncore gave a comic. Mr C. TrnEs .el, "Rem ember me no more," was very well received. The entertainment concluded with the laughable farce " The Ghost in the Cupboard" by MesErs TruIsell, J. Clark, W. Brownrigg, H. Webster, and Masters Piper a-.d F.etcher. Each carried out their respective parts copitally, and as a natural consequence it was very amusing. Mr H. Murray as pianist, as is usual, ably fulfilled his duties', and the Federal Minstrels generally are to be highly com mended. Mr T. A. Siextcn, the hon. secretary, is also to be complime .tad for the manner in which he has worhed the entertainment to a success. S" -.-' , LONGFORD, JUNE 18. ANovena, or nine.days services, wes r commenced this morning (Corpus Christi) 1 in St. Augustine's Church here by the:Rev, J. J. M'Kernan, and will be continued up to the 21st instant inclusive-the "Feast of the Sacred Heart." The first mass at 9 Sa m. to-day was very Ilrgely attended, t Longford, Perth, Evandale, and Breadal e bane all being well represented in the con gregation. SHEFFIELD, JUNE 14. An accident occurred here yesterday, which might have ended fatally. While Mr H. Jones, of Railton, was driving down an incline on his way home a portion of the harness broke. This was followed by the horse going full speed, throwing the occupants of the cart (Mr Jones and his daughter) out. The cart then collided with a dray, breaking the cart's wheel with such force that it threw the vehicle off the road into some blackberries. The occu ants had a provid n'ial eseape from being killed, but except a few scratches they were a unhurt. 11 CAMPBELL TOWN, JUNE 13. S (BY OUR TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) S The usual concert on behalf of the funds of the Institute was given on show night. The Campbell Town Bra.s Band played several of their best selections in front of the building prior to the opening of the Sconcert. The programme was as follows : S--Overture, Mrs and Miss Headlam; song, c" Come back to Erin," Miss Be'l; recitae a tion," Number one," Miss Annie Badcock; Mr Gee. Cragg, who was in good voice, contributed "The holy city," for which he ias heartily encored, and responded with u" Marguerite ;" violin solo, "The last rose of summer," Miss Ruby Power; Miss Lena Headlamn sang "Turnham toll;" vocal duet," Venetian boat song," lisses Went of worth and D. Power. MIr Archie M'Villy o- delighted the audience with the well it known song "By the fountain;" and a cl Swiss mountain yodel, "The cuckoo," by MIr C. H, Campbell, concluded the first part of the programme. After brief interval the second part of the programme was opened by Mr C. H. Campbell with an overture, "The devil's march." Mr F. Hart sang "Friend of the brave." A violin duet, "Martha," by MiEses Hart and Ruby Power, was heartily encored. Bishop's well-known comnposi tion, "My pretty Jane," by Mr Archie M'Villy, was undoubtedly the gem of the evening. Miss Annie Badcock, of whom we ought) to hear more, recited "Enter taining her big sister's beau" in a manner that lift nothing to be desired. Song, "Pilgrim of love," Mr Gee. Crsgg; solo, "La serenate," with violin obligato, Miss Wentworth; vocal duet," Larboard watch," Messrs Archie DI'Vzlly and C. H. Camp ball; and the last item on the programme was that well-known song ' Sweet Mario," Lung by Miss Lena Headlam, for which she was recalled. The evening's proceedings closed at 10 o'c!ock with the National Anthem. 