. - 4 SEWING RAG CARPETS . a- — — . It wan a small unp&intcd; house, etninodan indescribable hue by thu huuh aud rays of ball ii eotHury, a row of, still, Lnmbimly poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a UArrow bed outlined by strips of hoard, blossomed four-o'olookn, youth and-old-ago, and gaudy African marigolds, whioh seemed MMiwm «|; iiicu vinuu tuiuucn wnil II uie- finally defiant air. Green paper shades veiled thu window, aud a Unoukcr, with mi tmclo'a bead, bung iu tho upper centre uf thu door. Every one has seen such Iiouqus along the country roads vrlirro the Queen Aunu urazu had not yet penetrated and orohids and Japanese foliage plants urn ycl unknown. Miss Fossett and her tiieon, Mary Ann, eat in the little front room sewing rags for a oarpat. A bright wood fire ornoklod ami snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the sun nhono bright on the warignldH ami lour-o'olooks, thmu was a Icon wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carriud in all direc tions. Tho eat was asleep among the balls of rags whioh made a parti-colored mouninin in ona comer of tho rootn, und the wooden olock ticked shrilly on tho shelf alongside of a o&bg; of dried buttcrllion and a plaster of paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss FoshcU was elderly and spare, with a false front whioh did not in tho limnt. mutoh her black hair, and Hpeotaolus. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark, solemn uyos, aud lips redder tbau wild rasp berries. To Miss Foeflet everything in tlm world wan subsidiary, just at proKont, to tho finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Aim there was uoclung iu all tho world which was actually impossible. There is just this diilerenuo be tween sixty aud sixteen. 44 1 wao a-ealeulatin'," Mi'su Fossett droned on, 11 to gut this one uurpet wovu before snow-fall, but I guoss it'll bo n ulusa shave now. 1 didn't know if I could got my front ohutuber ourpotud, but tho school- ma'am might come hero to board ; and twelvo shil lings n week is twelve shillings a week in these times." ; "Yes, I know, aunty," said Mary Ann -1 and why shouldn't rim coinu? We shall anvo tho carocfc ready for the loom, and in the meantime why shouldn't slio oo sair.riud with a rug or two laid dowu by the bud und in front of the bureau.1" 44 Haven't you heerd?" said Miss Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of threud. 4 ' Thu school-tiia'aui's going to bo married, aud tho new tcseber, Eliub Ray, lie boards to hum. I don'L beliovo ho'll get along any better thuu Miss Murston did, it he is a uiuu teacher." Mary Ann's eyes lighted up. 44 To he married ?" said Mary Anu. 44 Yes," nodded Miss Fossett. 41 Who is she goiug to murry, Aunt Fob- sot?" 44 Our next neighbor," answered Miss Fob- sett, grimly. 44 Mr. Fnirwoathor ?" "Yes, Mr. Fnirwcatlicr. It boats allt" Miss Fossett added; "to think you shouldn't a lieerd it afore uow. Why, she'd going to hev a dove-oolorcd silk dress from Bridge- port, and u storo hat, trimmed with smiled birds and a real broohuy shawl. Must have laid up a sight o' mouey, I should sup pose." Mary Anu was eileot. U was u question whether ur not she heard thu stream of idle chatter that Uowed uninterruptedly from her aunt's lips. For herself she sowed away, und uttered never u word. John Fuirweutbcr to be murricd to Alda Marstuul Thu news had fallen like u thunderbolt into tho peaceful serenity of her heart. In uuvels hIiu had road, many ; a time aud oft, of the duplicity of uiuu, hut tho fuct hud uovar eouiu so near home befuro. Thu twu wumuu sewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. Miss FubhuU had no idea that any ono could desire rest from so dolightful an occupation, und Mury Anu soarooly kuuw what she was doing. A sort of atupor seemed to uuuib her seuHes. " Guess we'd better stop a spell now," euid tho old- lady. 44 Jest you run out to thu well and fill thu tea- kettle, aud I'll uut out the apjild-suss pud doughnuts and riz hisuuiti). Wo won't hev no regulur meal, being there's auoh u hurry with thu ragM." Mary Ann stuck her ueedlu into oou of thu red flannel loaves uf the housewife, whiuh was fashioned like a miniature hook, dropped her thimble iuto her puokot aud vau- ishuu. Shu did not go straight to tho well, though. Shu stolo up the wiudiug wooden stairway first into her own room! where thu yellow glow of tho sunset yet lingered, aud look two ur tbruu dried rosebuds und a sprig of seemed geranium from a little bux iu the corner of tbo table drawer. Loukjug at tlium for u mo- muut, she opoued thu wiutiow and flung them out into thu grass below. " I have bceri a fool long enough," said she to herself. Then she want forth to tho well and filled tbo tea kettlu, listening vaguely as she dideo to the rxiulunuholy "ohecp, uheep" of tho crick ets in tbo stone wall. 44 Mary Aun 1" a voico uttered. Mury Ann started ho violently that flbo nearly dtupped the tea kettle. It was Mihs Marstou who had come unex pectedly up thu path, with a buuoh of uolurud maple leaves in hor hamlu. " Oh, Miss Alda, huw you Btnrllcd mot" "Took uiu for n ghost, eh?" said Alda Murston, laughing, "Rut I wunted to suu you, Mury Ann. Gooduuss me I" intently Hurutinizing bur face by tho lust lading gleutns of daylight, "huw pretty thu child is growing! I don't btamo John for boiug beiwitobud about her." » « Did you want anything," said Mary Anu, bridling up, " I want you, ohild," said Alda Murston, in tbo pretty, douiineoring muuuor whiuh, boing sumo time u " suhool- ma'ain," shu liuii naturally aoquirod. " Oan you help mo with iu/ sewing a little this week?" " I am afraid I euunut," euid Mary Aun with Iter face turned away. 1 " Oh, Mary Arm— nud I had counted ou you for a certainty I" " 1 cannot I" frigidly ropeatod tho girl. Miss Marstou stood silent a minute or wo. Then she said, aoaxingly,— - 14 Rut you havou't congratulated me yut, Mary Aun." Mary Ann withdrew herself spuBuiodically from the light tuuuli of her baud. 44 I'm sure I hope you will he very happy," said shu. "No, 1 dou't, either— I dou'thopo auything of that kind." Then she fled away, sobbing ami holding tight to thu tcn-l.uUlu, wliotiu spout dropped utl the way in a muu lachrymatory fashion. Tho kerosene lump was lighted when shu reached tho room where the balls of uarpct rags were piled up. John Fuinveuther him sell was leaning against the wooden mantel uqU, with his elbow iu duugexous proximity to tho ease of dried btriUrflfcifl I but hit Attn! wau nowhere to bo BeuuV'- J'% " Bho has goue upstairs, "..the young man explained, iu answer to Mary Ann's bewild ered look, 41 to get a bag of hops fur old Mrs. Hubbard's neuralgia. Arayou ill, Mary Ann? You look uo white and weary." With gentle authority ho took tho tea- kuttlo from hor hand, and sot it oil thestuvo, Mary Aun holplosely regarding him tho while. llow tall and straight aud bnmlsntno ho was I Huw pleasant shone tho light from bin genial hazel uyeti! How dearly slid had learned to tove him ! Now it must all he un done again. Was it not wicked to ulluw herself to think of him who belonged to Alda 1 'Mutslou, niuuh lues to look admiringly in in his face. With these thoughts in Iter mind, it was no wonder that her expression grew frigid us nu iuiolo. Shu paid no lieu! to bin question. 44 Miss Marstou is out by tho well ; you will find hor there," she said,- 'Miss Mnrutun, eh 7" su'd Mr.Frtjrweulhur, with ptovokiog equanimity. That remind' me — you haven't told mu what you think of our family urrmigouients, Wero you sur prised?" Mary Anu looked at .him iin amazement, almost iu anger. 44 Of course I wan surprised, " said alio. ! 44 Rut," gathering all her prepenoe of mind, i "I don't know why— it iB no bueinpHH :of I luine." , ; | 44 Uut it in though'," eaid ho. 44tt him only driven me, a little sooner than otherwise an- tieipated, to ask you, to listen to my suit. Mind Alda imtsi not iuingino that slid jr the only pcrsou in tho world who can gee married." Mary Ann drow hcrsoU up. 44 Mr. Fairwuather," said aim, 44 I muft hog you to remember yourself. Wo are not Mur tnnmi here. Neither nro you any relation to Bluebt urd. In this country u man cau have but one wife." Mr. Kairweather looked puzzled. 44 An indisputable fact," mud he. 44 But I know of uo ono who is contradicting it." 14 How dura you insult inn by suoh words?" eriud poor Mary Ann. 44 You who tiro on- gmted to Mies Marstou I" 14 Rut I am not engaged to Miss Mar stun." 44 Mr. Fairwcnthor I" 44 1 am uot induoil," ho said. 44D.,nrliUto Mary Ami, do not look at mo with suoh in credulous eyes ! Minn Alda Maruton is alii- auccd to my father. Kite is to be my step mother, next month ; and as I would tmiu> rally, under tho cxiating oiremnstances, prefer a homo of uiy own, 1 want you to be its hoiiMuhold angel." Not another word was spoken. Ma»y Ann's soft eyes, hriumiing over with glad tearH.wcra lifted lu Jehu's (ace. Shu stole towards liiiu aud hid her crimson ohituk against his shoulder; his nrni tightened itself, in tlm most natural manner in tho world, around her waist. When Uiuu Fessctt same dowu etaiiB with t?ia Ting of liops, thu two wero hur.jjy engatud in picking up thu hnlhi of carpet-rag which had rolled away in ovcry direction. "JtwaHtho eat, auuty,' uxpIaintMl Mary Aun. 44 Kite was asleep iu the very middle of thu bulls, and when she got up and etruichcd herself — 44 ' " Cats are a dreadful bother when there's work nraiittd," said Miss Fossett. After John FdirweiUhur had gone homo with his Hlf.p-iuothcr eleet (Mary Ann wium'c 1 the least hit in tho world jealous of Miss Alda Marstou now), thu girl crept out in the duw and starlight to pick up tho dried rose buds and the sccntad gernniuni-lcavcs. 44 Oh, what a fool 1 was f" she whispered softly to herself ; "aud how happy 1 atu at last I" Shu helped Mien Mnretcn with her dresncs, after all : and when tho rag- carpet was sown und woven iu rainbow stripes, it occupied thr plnuu uf honor on Mrs. John FninventborV ! dainty Rule kilchun floor. 44 Isn't it pretty, John V ' sho cried. 44 Thu prettiest thing I over saw in iny lifo," said John, looking straight into bin wife's fueu, Mrs. Fairwenther laughed and bluebcd,Qnd euid, — 44 Now, John, don't bo a goose 1" Probably tho most respectable member p. thu Fremiti presidential household is Menu Gruvy. lu byguiiu ages she is asserted to have tilled thu position eithei of laundress, housukeeper, ur uook — or, perhaps, all three combined— in M. Gravy's bachelor houiehcld. In a inumunl of purdotiablu weakness, in an much as she watt the mother of his only duugbtcr, Mine. Alice Wilson, he married her ; hut not finding hor prcsonoe as a wifsns oongonial us that uf a favorite menial, he in- Hinted that slio should live apart from him. When, in 1671, liu was uteoiod Prisidentof thu Nuliniml Assutiihly, hardly any one wuh aware of his marriage, und bis friend were only apprised thereof when, having chil lingly urged that tho Fruiioh nation would never ntuud a huoholor proridont, ho ropUod, somewhat plaintively : 44 But 1 nu married t ' Mine. Grovy was quickly nuintnoaed from her retiroinont in the provinces, add apart from her saying tho wrong thing in the wrong piucQ r.j, on tho whole, n good-natured, ru- Rpt'otnhlu old soul, though aomewhat itienn and stingy in inonuy matters. . Ono of In r peculiarities is that she is so utterably unable to cope with long names and titluH, Che Duchess of FcrtiamNumiz, ono of thn proud- uut tjni '!<<; a'ames of Europe, was Kpatiih AmbasiHilrcus a few yearn ago at Paris, ft was absolutely impossible to get Mine.' la Preodcute to nddrqsBhor uor/ooily iu ouuvur- nation. RMusiug to osll her either 44duohuKs" or 44 nmhnsaadrcss," she insisted on speakiug to her part of tho time a« Mmr, Ferimn, and the xumainder of tho tinio as Muie. Nunez. From nu olfactory point of vfow. it seettH, ngrcenhle aliment may be divided into two olnssrs— thosu whiuh are inosL fraginiit ex ternally, and tliudu which develop snperini- imIoi-h after they arc crushed by the teutli or tongue. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have a more refined and flower-like fragrance he- fore they arc put in the inouth tlmu after. Cheeses, uti the other band, arc not generally regarded as fragrant unlit thoy nro being eaten. The odor of Limburger is insup portable to utniiy; who after they have' once' courageously smuggled it past thu nasal for tress, find it very ajipotizing aud good. Jhit thu most curious illustration between uxn. terie aud esoteric odors, so to Bpeuk, is thu tropical Trait called tho dtirion. Externally it resembles Liiiihurger in having uti ittleii- nuly disagrueivblo odur, but during mastica tion it yields "waffs of flavor that call to mind cream cheese, onion snncc, brown sherry, mid other incongruities,1 "according to Mr. A. K Wallace, who ndds that 41 tho moru you eat of it Ihu less. you feci Inclined tn slop; in fact, to ent iluriuns in a rare sunsa tlou worth u voyage to the East to experi ence." Thu disagreeable external odor is iu this cose evidently neutralized by tho frn- ginnee Hint is set free as tho fruit is crushed lu (he mouth. Anyone who will take up a book mi thu culinary art will ho Hiiprisud, iu the first place, at tho frequent references to thu odorH of the viands ; iu the second plnco, at the thought that In has occurred to no ono lierulofoiu to geiiemlizu and boldly stale tlmt the sense of smell plays thu first fiddlolu tbo kitchou audtlio Uiuiug-rouui, ' Ho— "Miss Elizabeth, do' you play on Mieninno?" Bhb: "NO," — 11k (enrnpturcd) : " Elizabeth, i lore you I" Toaclior— " Who knows of another faith ful animal besides tho dog that accompnulca titan every where V1 Roy;- 14 The— flea !M Geiitlonian :(irt a restaurant) j 44 Feo here, sir, what are you doing? Wiping my glass with a pocket-handkerchief ?' Waithu ; " Reg pardon, sir— It Is my own 1"' - - f 4 Analysis Hins brought to livht ilio fact that ice eruum frequently contains glue. Rut it never neenis to hurt the girls. Some how its always the young man that goto uuck. 