SKENTCHI E1 In a Monster's Jaws. \- *e*+.~c------- Stirring Adventures with Lions in the Hottentot Country. The Wotnderful Stroentlo or tho IIng of Deoonts-S-icnatioso of a lasn Who Was Carried Salf ita DIlo eitwieen rthe Toeeth of at Hugo Bruto. While trapping lions in the Ilottentot country for the liamhbrg aniannl house I lhod opportunities for seeing the king of onsts at his btet nol for akllting ,lose obh servntions of his Irnils of character, writes a correspondent. We wetu oice cstpedr in Sgrovre onli the hank of a creck. or patally nttltu toing over thilty eople. 'The bank on the other hitle wns rocky grolod, piretty thickly coverel with setulb and tt glt oni the brink itood ,lie of the larnst Ioons I ever now. Ilo was outin In full view, ild and tail up, anll stood so still for a tmotatnt that I tdohbtedt If he woo alive. We hlad new milch cow tied to the wheel f oo of tieone o S wagons, alnd te Ilen uitvalned to within thirty feet of er ant tuihen made a |irptrig which lasdedt him fairly uopn her bacek. Si fell in ait heap. nnd hie neized her iby the neck, gave her tolw r three shlakIen, twhich btokei tith gra ripe arto d her head, and thel Iei got his righto ahthlIer IuIner her antd started oil. The ct w wveighedntI at. least five hundred pounsli, but. ie carrield her with tpeilect rase, her hind feet drtagnl, g in tbo rolleund. At the creekl.i onto n jutp of rlurven freet, n'etendccl n nlilinit bthok witllt it hnlt, anti "eeon iliinpcirue d it thle broken gruilit tithi lhiv Ir-y. Ie saneo oitu before we had a gttn rt-dy. Aboult four mnllts Inter, on theit Orange Itier, I hint a close call fir ty life with tin one: at lante to alit ue Iy distrocting tihe nt. tention of thb lion. I had only one white man with me, and the was ill of fever. We Ihod diga pit on a path freqtitented iby lions coming town to tlrink, bit were much annoyed by other animals failing into it. On the first tnight, after the natives bad drivenu several useless tlithnls away, a large lion and lioness camae down the path. When first discovered the lion was ahead, but he got the seet, of nmy rnl,, wi woere stationed in a tree, intl stopp?tl ehort to growl and sniIfT while tile lioness, who twa perhaps very thirsty, ladvanced slowly and went down intthlil pt. STha lit was two miles front ourcamp, and we hirndl othllig if tie rowve which took plane wlln ti lin litn discovered tli trick tobtyed ar his smate. lin tore around I ie omad, anidl then lay aotw at the foot of tie tron atnd bsigedil tito mnct. As soon iase it wus atnylight I left ciitp oil iorsebacko to ride ever and ae wluatit luck.?? a end, becaaause tptisit hd ilorr e os t what theay osd I knew they wore excited o er somehinkg, I was ulditg arolnd a chitmp oil trees on to an open ospoc, Walien my horse: sodienly started. Next itianat I was on the grontl and tle lion standintg over me, andT IT couil Ihear thu torse tearing away tltrough1 the scrue like madt. Thbe lion Il pulled me down, tearing th back tilt of iy coat, vastI and shirt, but not drawing blood with kin As in thoe Itroeviou case, I was not frtiglt. etit, Ienaust it bad occurred so suddenly tt as iatld not tim toe loseo y nerve. I was on my left side bareheadIed, atndthLe lion stool for a moment with Ills paw on my right shoulder looking after tile hotes. Thl onaieso saw the leeing hnote, know vtoy well what hIadl happene to me, and at oltce desecndetl tie tre anId itade for camp. I dli not blaime them, andl plerhaps that veryo action oavcdmy life. I Ihad tie to collect my thoughts in that single minute, and, at and routed one lion by barking like a dog, I decided .to follow ts samer plan in tlie casoe. BUtt, as Inild at the beginning, lions are as unliko as sen. At my first bark thiselmlow growled savagely anti gave me a terrible bite in thel hip. oln criced otO at that or madeo any slrvgg.e no world have linishedl at at once. I repressed my feelings null tlayedl dead. I hal a rorolverstraiped tito y back, but it would nout do to reach for it. After biting me the lion watched and waited foe signs of life, and when he could detect none ho selre anty righte soulner Ito lis teeth, gave e a t o a e aind twist, andi next tomuent I was beinb g carried oln ot lis boat. Ilis teeth iild not toui my mlesh, anId o I lay almost across hiit on my side my hianl nttlck the butt of tle revolver. i had it out of the iolster in a seconl, and then I felt I n alshow. Whether the bebe st felt atty, monveent or not lie growlen d at in. tervals, and his breath catie back oit Ine so strong that I was nauseated. I intended to flre into tim as he carried ne along, bat Its was swaying about so that i dared not risk it. After carrying mo hnlf.a.milo tlrouegt the scrub and ocer brokengrotnl the lion baited at ,the hend of Otie ravine, in wtich hia doubtless had his lair. ito turned about as If to see if pursuit hadl lien mnde, ind the muzztle of the pistol camei against his left hip. 1 fired at once, and tto next instant wvos flung in a heap on tie earth, wlilo the lion httered a scream of sito. I was on my knees Inn a ash, but thu iaot was ten feet away, going rontd in circles and biting at thebo wound. lIe did not niotice mu in the least, and S snnt anothr bullet in hint just back of the shoulder. le uitterod anotihe scream, and instead of rusling at to; nas I fully expected, made a le?t into the ravinuo, and I could hlear llm rintling for some dis. tanco. I was badly slahken up, but I lost no timeno In getting out of the neighborhood, and In the couase of an hour reached camp, Nearly everybody was Oit looking for eso, l8eu now how incotlitently that lion aotod. lie-caeo ott into tit oiten ground and charged the arty of oover twenty men, al. thoulgh they hnal not dlisturbecd iit. Il tiad rut from ttt in his surIse, antil now felt asitamcdl of himself, its knocked overo native as hIo charged, but was riddled with bullets, and gavs up the ghost. 