ON THE WAIKATO. (copyright.) JJY i ATI/A WESTBURY. .CHAPTER V.— Continued, The dog stood watching me as I tried first the door and then the win dow, to; gain admittance. Goirig fur ther round to an angle of the building, , where there had recently been added . an additional room, I discovered that iiic aiuuii wiiiuuw iiicreiu. yiciucu to my hand. It was what is known as a cottage window and very small, but, after much tribulation, I managed to squeeze my ? body through it and found myself in a room as dark as Hades. ' I carefully groped about me, not wishing to give any needless alarm. I .^could distinctly hear some one snoring 'soundly, the noise being a good imita . tion of the lower notes of a French horn. Guided by the sound, 1 laid my haiid on a plump form slumbering peacefully on a stump beds-'.ead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an .instant the snoring ceased, giving place to a girl's voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an unmis takablo lyirllicrn patios: ' What tlie ileel's that?' ' Hush, my girl 1 It's only — ' 'VVha are ye?' she cried, sitting bolt upright and stretching forth her arms. ' Is it a ghaist that touched me? The Lord save us and bless us 1 it's no canny to be haunted,' she mut tered, in a lower Key and with trembl ing lips. ' 1 am not a ghost,' I returned, in a reassuring tone. Have you matches and candle handy ?' ' Matches ? What gars ye speak of matches? Tak yersel awa.' It my life had been at stake I could not have held in the hearty guffaw that escaped mi like a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. 'All, ii'sa potrgaiewhen ane meets auld Cloutie I' she ciied, beginning to sob. 'Blessed saints, save me from the unco wain I' * My laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland began to bark. ' My good woman, don't you hear that I am only a man ? — a being of flesh and blood, like yourself?' I an swered, givi'ig her another shake. ' A man I' she ejaculated, in quite another tone of voice. ' How dare you come in a decent lassie's room at ihis time of nicht? How dare you do it?' ' Listen to me for a minute.' . ' I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie,' ? she responded quickly. ' Shame on ye, mon, to come sneaking tae one's : room when all the rest o' the house are sleeping.'' Confound it! Will you listen to me whi e I explain?' ' Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I'll rouse the captain,' she cried, sharply, raising her voice to a higher pitch. '? Conic, march, out ye go through the window.' ' Which is Captain Heywood's room?' ' Which ? . Ah ! ye would be at murdtr- you villain?' she answered, ? fumbling lor the candlestick. w$Iy dear madam, believe me 1 am — ' 'Don't fash yoursel', mon, with ? sweet \y;ords,' replied my invisible com ? panion. ' Keep your blarney to cool \- ; your ' porridge; I'm no your' dear madam, ye ugly loon ; and not to be ?bamboozled by fair blather. Do ye think I don't: ken ye, Maister Davie ,': Brock? Although ye are trying to : change your voice 1 I ken ye, my lad I w And what's more, I'll tell the captain .what a false carle ye are, if I live.tosee the morn!' \- : The welcome greeting of a match ! v. struck my ear as she concluded and in stantly the room was illumined. ? ' Why, you are no Davie, after a'l ' . she cried, gazing at my blood-stained fa«e and torn habiliments in amaze ment. ' Certainly not, I replied, gravely. ? ' If you had only condescended to . listen to me for a moment I would ? have explained my being here at this hour.' ' Oh, you would, eh? Well, what svdo .ye want?' eyeing me suspici __ ously. tea .' I have an important communication \- to make to Captain Heywood without delay.' -. ' Gang to the hut o' the men yonder _ , and sec the Captain in the morning,,' !*. she said. ' ! mus see him at once.' - ' ?--; Ye must?' ; ''I'must I' , 1 , ' Aweel, then, gang and see him, and, I say, have the manners to close the window after ye.' ? A Krn«ni» wonrh fKie QMfli n ? ' round, fair face, big, honest eyes and arms as strong and muscular as a.. vil- ? lage blacksmith, fit to go into the wil derness in co-partnership with some ?atfti'S'Njind hardy settler to hew out of ? the primitive chaos a home and fortune for her Virogeny. I objected to make my exit through the wiindow and begged that she would awaken Captain Heywood, as my in formation concerned the safety of the station. ' I canna go to the maister in my sark 1' she cried, in some confusion. ' Gang out at the window for just two minutes and then I'll be ready to do your bidding.' I was out of the window in a crack, I and was shortly afterwards joined by my maid, who without more ado led me to round to a side door and rang a bell. Presently a head was thrust forth with an old-fashined nightcap thereosn from one of the windows. ' Whit's the matter ?' called a voice resembling the sharp grating of a hand law on a nail. ' Here's a man wants to speak wi ye- t sir. Particular business.' t ' Tell the man to go to — Jeri- i chol' responded the voice and the - head and nightcap disappeared ; but i in a moment a tall, thin figure i emerged round the corner of the ver- i andah, clad scantily and bearing in his : hand a candle. ' I I suggested that the maid should re- I tire, as what I had to say was quite i confidential, whereupon the captain i (for it was he) held the light above his I head and took a critical survey of my ] tout ensemble. ' I'll take your figure head for your I honesty, but, as for; the rest of you, -1 hang me, you seem to have experi- - enced rough weather,' he said coolly. I 'I'm an old sea dog and not to be ] bamboozled by humbug, Now, what I d'ye want?' i I told my errand in twenty words, ] but not before the girl had retired. 1 ' Phew !' whistled the mariner ; ' is i the wind in that quarter? Well, I'll I contrive the dogs a warm reception 1 when they do come. How many did 1 you say there were ?' ? i 'About fifty, Captain Heywood, as - near as I could calculate.' ' ' Humph I rather long odds. Never ' mind, sir, come in.' I followed him through apairof fold ing doors into a well-carpeted and lofty apartment, furnished mo'st luxuriously. By the soft light of a costly bronze lamp which the captain lit, I saw that : no vulgar taste had suggested the fur niture and belongings of this apart ment. From the thick maroon cur tains to the soft, delicate-tinted paper on the walls, there was exquisite har- : m'oriy, blended with 'artistic design. Nothing loud or showy cheek by jowl with rare bric-a- brac here. I have known people with more money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste and very little money, have managed to make home, comfortable and even elegant. In this apartment there was wealth and ele gance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared to be a hardy son of Neptune, verging on fifty five and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade me.be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a per sonal account of myself as ,to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the Waikato. The request seemed reasonable and I gratified him, just touching so much of my history as merged into the ques tion at issue. ' And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say ?' 'Yes; here is my card.' ' Card 1' he echoed in surprise;' do you carry cards ?' ' Certainly, Captain Heywood.' ' Of course ; no offence, my lad.' ' Leigh — Leigh ?'' he repeated to himself. ? ' Leigh ? I know that name well enough. What part of the old country do you hail from ?' ' A little township called Tetley, in Lincolnshire,' I replied, smiling. ' The devil 1' cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet 'No, sir, I said Tetley,' cried I, laughing. ' So you did, my lad. Why, Jiang me, I was born within three miles of it,' ejaculated the old fellow, with much energy. 'I knew a Colonel Leigh who lost an arm at the battle of Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbled down ruin called ' The Pillars,' about half-a-mile out of Tetley.' 'The colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heyivood. I was born — like m.y father before me— at ' The Pil lars.'' ' You don't say so 1 Give rrte your fin, my boy. . Hang me, I'm glad to meet you,' he cried, with genuine plea sure -beaming from his eyes. . ' Lord love you, I've stolen many a ton of apples out of the old colonel's garden when I was a younker. And what a terror he' was to gipsies and tramps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice. Why, I remember him as well as if I'd only ? left the old country yesterday, and I've been on the Waikato these twenty , jears.' ' Once started op the topic of his i birthplace, the captain went on for over : an hour with rapid questions relative to men and events which had passed : into oblivion before I was born. It was ? useless for me to remind ? him of the pressing danger which hung over Fern i Cliff. Not until grey dawn began to ; peep in at the window did he desist. Then he kindly led me to a 'spare bed ? room, and placing a decent suit of ' tweed at my disposal, begged me to make his house my home or run away out of the threatened danger,, as I pleased. 1 CHAPTER VI. ' i Afv Tlnhpmian lifp hnrl nlmnst ob literated the latent ideas of luxury and comfort from my thoughts. - The sight of a well-furnished apartment, with all its cosy appendages to soothe the heart and mind and invite sleep were before my eyes. In my boyhood days just such an other room was mine at ' The Pillars,' of which the captain had spoken. Here were the soft carpet, in color to match the thick, close curtains that shut out the cold winds and the black ness of night ; here the easy chair and slippers and the inviting bed, with its coverlet of thick white satin, its soft cambric sheets and the dainty, pillows bordered with costly lace. Even in my fatigued state of body and with my mind full of the danger looming over the captain's domicile, my thoughts ran riot in wanton liberty of range. India, China, the Conitinent of Europe and back to the old ruin of Colonel Leigh in Lincolnshire. Waking up from my reverie, my gaze encountered a face looking down at me from the opposite wall. It was ' only a photograph or crayon, depicting he head and bust of a young girl; but he picture seemed endowed with liv ng, breathing'life. I have seen faces m canvas that words cannot describe. 30 on the movin'g panorama of walk ing humanity that passes across one's vision, have I beheld faces which an irtist could not portray. The coun tenance before mo was net strictly jeautiful. There are certtia « beauty women,' as there are certain 'beauty men,' in whose features one detects no fault — who are the show-figures of any party or assembly in which they appear —but who, some how, inspire no sen timent and .excite no interest; they lack some expression, whether of mind or of soul or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is but a lovely picture. Yet the picture here reversed this order of things. . Take the features singly, and they were by no means perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. But the face aroused and impressed the imagina tion with a belief in the purity andlov liness of virgin woman — woman un-. tempted and untainted, either by the follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple, luxuriant knob behind the small ears, together with the pale' olive complexion, were cer tainly not English ; but the dark blue, lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mouth, and the smooth white brow, were unmistak able characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. Tho luxury of a bath somewhat com pensated for ray want of rest. I folt in vigorated and ready again for any emer gency. It was broad daylight now. I, drew aside tho curtains, opened the win dow and looked forth. A bright, beanti ful mornihg, with tho sun just beginning to gild the topmost peak of Mount Tarrara far away on the distant horizon. Bolow, the rioh valley, prolific with life and beauty. As my gaze wandered ovor the distant ranges, I became aware o£ an object slowly moving along between the trees. Waiting and watching, I saw that it was a body of mon— armed mon — Maoris, in My first thought suggested To Huri ; but no, as thoy approached nearer, I recog nisod Rawi aud my companions of the previous clay's hunt. Tho young chief tain marched at the head of his men and near him a Pakeha, jvhcjin I had nover seen More. Wfiilo I stood watching their aupronch, Captain Heywood entered, armed to the teeth. ' Good morning I' he cried. ' Blosa me, you look more ship-shape now. I see you have recognised tho kingites approaching. It's all right ; thoro will bo no scrimmage aftor all. ' How did you find means to commu nicate with Rewi !' I enquired, in sur prise. ^ 'All chance, my lad,' he replied, seating himself. ' Ohanco does more for us betimes than tho beat laid schemeB. My overseer, a shrewd fellow, who knows his way about the Waikato as woll as most men about here, volunteorod to go to tho settlement of the king for aid. lie proposed taking a short cut ovor tho range, which ha3 evidently led hun into the arms of Rowi and hiB hunting party, who, I see, are returning with him.' ' Then the Te Huri will not Bhow fight 1' ' Not a bit of it,' he answered, laugh ing. ' The Maori banditti aro too caro ful to hazard a fight with anything like equal numbers. It is only tho defence less whom thoy havo the tomenty to attack. But, ' by Jupiter I they would have found Ralph Heywood a match for some of them.' At the captain's suggestion, I went with him to meet the warriors. Rowi expressed himself delighted to see mo safe nnd well. Mmo host, without moro ado, marched the whole brigado into a large ahed ; and, having ordered break fast for them, conducted me round the premises. . i 1 began to feel very hungry ero we had gone tho round of the stables, tho grain ery, orchard, men's huts and conservatory of plants, -Sjc., by which tho place was fringed. ' 1 havo a few friends staying with mo at present in the house to whom . I shall' be happy to introduce you, my lad,' he said, linking his arm in mine and leading tho way to the breakfast parlor. ' In my experience.' he continued, ' I always found it bad polioy to get up a scare without urgent necessity. Now, I acted on this plan in the present instance ; therefore, there are seven or eight people you will meet, in a low minutes who havo not the faintest idea of how near they were to a bullet or a . Maori tomahawk.' ' You aoted wisely, sir.' 'Of course,' anBwered ho drily. ' Now, to give you' some idea of tho' folkB you will meet— first, there is ray girl Nfx.' r v . ghat's the maid t ?'Maid? No, .my dauglitor. I call hor ' Nix ' because when she was a woo toddler she could never pronounce Inez (winch, by the way,' is her name), but' only Nix. Next on the list is a neigh bor of mine, a widow, fair, fat and forty, and, who is sole mistress of ono of tho finest estates between this and Auckland. You will no doubt find Mrs. Blake a very fascinating woman ; but, your oar, boy, beware of her, that's all. No. three ia the Rev. Josiah Buckle, the finest athlete in New Zealand, but a grand man for a' that. If you are any hand at single stiok you may make him your sworn friend in half an hour. The fourth personage is Major Ball, of the Auckland Rifles. Tho gallant major is a gentleman, or he thinks he is, whioh is all the same. Ho sports an eyeglass and lisps like my Lord Dun dreary. Then there is Protossor Siode inan, travelling in searoh of the missing link, which ho trusts to find amongst tho Waikato tribes of tho Maoris, or per chanco somewhat noarer homo. Seventh, Dame Trent, my housokeeper ; and last, but by no means least, old Victor Du pless, my daughter's preceptor, a French man of the old soliool and, I may add, an oddity in his way. 11 Quite a galaxy of talent,' I mentally 1 said. — Tobk C'ontxnukb. ' W4 