Ladies Column. sV; . , . . \ Social Doings. Information concerning social events, visits to or from otbor countrloa, notes about drosaoe, nil of .whioli will be regarded as strlotly oouflduntlal, should bo eont to the ".fltjolnl Editor" ort or before Friday at. la o'clock noon in tviob woolc.) It is oxpeotcd that all marriages noticed in this columu will also bo announced in ' tho .usual domestic advertisements, cash prouaid.1 Intimation litis been recoivcd by tho Governor that tho admiral's pinna liuvo hjson : somowliat altered, Ho will now leavo Port Moresby on August 8,, nrrivo lit Cooktown on tho 10th, lrave on. tiro 11th, und arrive at Townsvillo oii tlio 12th. Ho will lcnvo Townavlllo on August 17, urrivo in ICoppol Buy on tho 20th, nnd leave on tho 25tli ; urrivo in Moroton Bay on August 27, und leavo for Sydnoy on Soptombor Jo. In nntioipiitiun of tho occasion of the. Admiral's visit to Brisbiino tho Governor is mubing preliminary urrungomonts for tho usual official dinner, nnd probably a diinco , Tlio Hon. W. Forrest, M.L.O.,' who leaves for London to-day on business, pertaining to tlio Eaglo Fnrmmoiit wovlcs, and will bo absent for about six months, has - boon oleuted presi dent of tlio Queensland Club for 1895.6. Mr. W, Allnn, M.L.A., wiiBolonted vico- prcsi- dont. Tho ballot for committoo resulted in the clootion of tho following eleven gentlemen : Mr. A. B. Wobstor, Mr. G. Eddington, Hon. E. B. Forrest, M'.L.C., Hon. F. If. Hart, M.L.O., Mr. A. Korr, Mr. -J: Stovonson, Mr. iTurnes Clark, Mujnr Lewis', Hon. B. D. More- head, ILL. A., Mr. G. S. Murphy, uud Mr. AV. A. B. Shnnd. Mies Fothcringlmni, of Sydnoy. js at present on a long visit to Mrs. IV. II. Ryder, of IVooloowin. A dance was given by tho Misses' Dickson at Tooralt, laBt ovcuing. Tho numbor of guests was very lurgo. , Tbd Rev. Joseph Bowes, who 1ms boon ill for several days, is but slowly progressing towards recovery. Major YV. G. Hodges and Messrs. Munce, Invorarlty, and Mortbonson, of Mackny, who liavo boon in Brisbado for somo (lays on busi ness eonnc'otcd with their town, leavo aguin for tho north to- day. Mr. L. F. Sachs paid a flying visit to Bris bane! early in the week. Ho also visited Gladstono. Mr. Sachs leaves Sydney in a few days for London in connecting witii a big mining concern. Mrs. J. G. Appcl, of tlio Hamilton, . and fumilyhavo returned from tbolr sensido residence on tlio inuin bench at Soutliport. Mrs. G.- J. Mason lius left Cooinda, nnd is now residing at Nctlierivuy, North Quay. Miss Horstinunn entortaiucd a number of friends at a dauco ut hor father's residanuo, New Farm, lust night. Tho appointments woro in tho best tasto. Miss Edna Bnvin (formerly of Sydney) and Miss F. Young (formerly of Fairymead, Bun- daberg) — both of whom are connected with the China Inland Mission — having been granted furlough, are expected to reach Brisbane in the next steamer from China. They will probably arrive in a week or ten days. MISS FLORENCE YOUNG. Miss Florence Young, whoso portrait is here- with presented, and who is the daughter of a Melbourne merchant, was known in Mel- bourne as an amateur vocalist of more than average ability before she joined the Williamson and Musgrove Comic Opera Company, about four years ago. Her first important part was Casilda, in "The Gondoliers," when that opera was produced in Sydney. From that date Miss Young's popu- larity has never waned, and last night she proved the great progress she had made by her admirable representation of Yvonne, in "Paul Jones." Mrs. Lee, wife of Captain F. G. Lee, the well known master of the steamer Arawatta, arrived in Brisbane yesterday after a trip to Cooktown. She intends remaining in Brisbane for about a month before continuing her journey south, and for the present she is a guest of Mrs. F. Hiloy, Thorno Htrcot, Kangaroo Point. Mr. W. Boit is entertaining u large bouse party nt bis residence, Ascot, Toowoomba; In cluding aovcral Brisbane wsidouts. MissBuronysgavonvory onjoyablo, spinsters nnd baoholors dunce ut her parents' residence, Alico streot, on Tbursdiiy evening. About GO persons wcro prosont. Mr. and Mrs. 0. Seymour-Allen havo re turned to Syduoy, wbcro they will spoud a week or two prior to their ilopnrturo on a visit to Euglund. Mr. and Mrs. Goorgo Paynes aro staying at tho Grcsham Hotel until their futuro residence, Arloy, Tooivong, is ready. Mrs. J. W. Itook, "Sydiioy, und Lor two daughters woro pussongors by tho Tyrian, this wcok, for Rookhamptou, en route to join Mr. Rook, who is manuger of tlio Mount Viutoriu Gold Mining Compuuy, Mount Morgan. Major and Mrs. Mooro and family woro pas- songora by tho Adclaido from Maokuy on Wed nesday, en route to Warwick. Mrs. Fopo Cooporloft Brisbano lust Saturday for Townsvillo, wbcro sbo putposes staying until tlio and of tho month, wlion slio will return to Milton tcrraco, Toowong road. Miss Colin Cooper neuompunivd hor mother.' Mrs.. T., do M. Murray-Prior. nftor spending a wcok in town,' returned to Mnroori ou Tues day. Slio will be' in Brisbano again for tlio Exliibition carnival. ' Miss Kent bos roturncd to Kcdran Lodgo . front a prolonged visit to lior . eistor, Mrs. Hortou, at Rooktaumpton. , Mra. Lowis, of Wonlook, Wooloowin, ro- turhod on "Wednesday from a month's yjait to Buderiim Mountain, Miss M. Byrnes returned to Yoronglea, ' YTerougn. this wook' from a prolonged viBit to friends at Cairns. .Mra. Maodoimld- Patorson gavo another of her popular uftornoon partioB in tho gardous ou Tuesday. On this occasion tho entertain ment was arrangod in honour of Mrs. Potter, im American lady who, with her liusbdnd, is touring Australia. . Mr. atid Mrs. G.- IC. Jo'pp aro in Sydney, visiting Mrs. Jopp's parents, Mr. and Mra. A. W. Manning. Mrs., Miss, and Mr. Anderson, who havo been visiting Brisbano ins tlio ghosts of Major and Mrs Byron, are passengers by theDuko of .Westminster for England, joining thut vossol ut Townsvillo. ' , Mrs. W. H. Walsh left for Sydney imme diately on learning the . serious nature of her son-in-law's (Dr. Huxtablo) illness, arid is now with tho bereaved widow, Mr. A. D. Walsh accompanied his motboi' to Sydney. A vory , successful soelai was hold at tho Oddfollows' , Hall, Toowong, last night (Frl- day),' tiridbr tho auspices of tho Royal ' Oak Lodge,. No. . 252, U.A.O.D.', Tho hull was crowded, and tho singing and dadoing 'was' cu joyed by ovoryohe. Refreshments wore pro- viabdbj\thd brethren. MissScottut tho piano,' rind Mivl Torrttend, violin; Jribvidod oxvolleht mu?l0'Until 2 a.m. < . Mrs. Horbort Forry is on a viBit to her sisters-, Mosdumcs Thnllon and Bennett, at Sydnoy. A vory quiot wedding was celebrated in tho drawing-room at Kinmond Lodgo, Arthur street, on Wednesday, August 1, tho residonco of tho briao's parents, when Mr. T. M. Browne, son of Mr. J. T. Browno, Christ- oburoli, New Zealand, wus united in muttir lttony' to Miss Junet Nhnmo Bruco, eldest daughter of Mr. Thomas Bruco. Tho Row W . 0\. -Rudnllffo. oilleluted. Tlio gifts! word Humorous and haudsomo, and iuoludod a baud- Bome niarblo olook nnd branzo figure, presented to. tho bridogroom by bis omployors (Messrs. Taylor . niid Oollodgo) und follow omployoesi Tho presontution was tando ut. the National Hotel "on July 30, at a lunohoon ut whioh Mr. Edward Taylor ' presided and proposed 'tho .hoaltb of tho brfdagroom in oomplimontary terms. After, the wodding ooromony a numbor of -friends, of tlio family woro outortaiucd at broakfuat; - Tho bridal oouplo sub-oquontly loft fnr thoir honeymoon trip amid showers of good wishes. . A vory protty wedding, that of Mr. '0. "W. Watts, of tho General Post Oflino, dad Miss M. 'Cartliy'(Georginn) fourth daughter of Cap tain M'Cnrthy, Kuroonaj was solemnised at All Saints' Clmroli, on Thursdny afternoon, in tho presoneo of a vory largo, gatlioring of tho frionds of both brido and bride prroom. Tho service was choral, tho Rev. G. A. M. Pringlo . and . tho . Rov. Canon Jones oifiriating. Tlio brida, who .Was accom panied by her fathor, and subsequently given away by him, was prcoBdcd to tho nltar by, the olioristers nndolorgy. Hbo woro a vory graoo- ful gown of whito satin, tho trained skirt arranged with a panel of drystul pnssemonteiio. and with trails of orange blossom. Tho French' bodico' was ornamented with a passomoh- torlo of crystal, and tho gignt- sleeves finished with rufllos of nrystal laoe ; a long tulle voil and coronot wreath of orange blossom wero. worn, and tho brldo carried a lovely, shower bouquet of white roses and myrtlo, tho bridegroom's gift. Thoro woro two ,bridos- muids, Mias Edith M'Onrthy, : sister . of the bride, and Miss Kntio Lnwrjr. Thoy wfcro attired nliko in charming frocks ' of whito voile, nmdo with yokes of . holio- tropo satin, veiled in whito guipure, collars nud cuffs en suite, and tho Beams of. tlio skirts outlined witii heliotrope satin. Pioturo lmts of white chip orunmoritod with bows of whito satin ; whito guipiiro laoe, and clusters of violots. Both woro gofd boomerang brooohoi, tbo gift of tho bridegroom, and enrrioil bouquets of wiiito roses and violots. At the conoluslon of tho ceremony, which was fully oliornl, in special oompliraent to tho bridegroom,' who is a mpmbor of tho ohoir, the wedding hymn was Bung, and as the bridal party left tho ohurch tlio " Weddiug Slaroh " was plnycd. Mr. F. Askcn accoinpaniod the bridegroom as best man. Captain and Bliss M'Cnrthy outer- taincd u nuinbor of guests ut Knroonu. Kangaroo Point, during tho aftornoon. Tho wedding presents, which woro nuinorous, and lnitny ot them vory handsmnc, woro displayed in tlio drawing-room. Mr. and Mrs. IVntts aro spending their honeymoon nt Rcdoliffo. 