THE WENDOUREE LUNATIC ASYLUM. REPORT BY THE VISITORS. BALLARAT, THURSDAY. The official visitors to the Wendouree Lunatic Asylum (Messrs. Oddie, Shoppee, Fitzpatrick, and Long), in their quarterly report to the Chief Secretary, express marked dissatisfaction at the condition of the in- mates. They allege that the patients, both male and female, are inadequately clad, and were found when visited to be shivering with cold. The want of proper clothing is stated by the visitors to be so noticeable that they feel it would be a disgrace if they did not, in the cause of humanity, bring the matter under the notice of Mr. A. J. Peacock. Ob- jection is also taken to the practice now in vogue of promiscuously distributing articles of clothing after they have been washed, in- stead of marking them for the sole use of the inmates by whom they had previously been worn. BACCHUS MARSH, THURSDAY. — Mr. Davey, head teacher of the state school here has received notice from the department of his promotion to Buninyong.—Mr. O'Meara, P.M., as warden, heard to-day an application by the British and Australian Loan Company to be awarded £2,072 as compensation for allowing the Black and Red Mining Company to obtain a lease of 150 acres of land at Bullengarook, lately belonging to Mr. R. Cantwell. Mr Warley, instructed by Messrs. Taylor, Buckland, and Gates, appeared for the Loan Company, and explained that the compensation was based on the surface damages and the cutting off of the water rights. The warden allowed £10 compensa- tion and £2 2s. costs. BAIRNSDALE, Thursday.—To-day Mr. Holnes, P.M, committed Edward Crombie Chambers for trial at the assizes to be held on tho 18th prox. on a charge of perjury in the County Court in March, 1893 BRUTHEN, Thursday.-A rather serious accident happened on Saturday to Mr C. G Holmes, P.M. He had been on his usual monthly visit to Omeo, and vvas returning to Bairnsdale, riding one horse and leading a pack horse After he had proceeded about three miles on his journey the horse he was riding slipped and fell with him, spraining his ankle and dislocating his thumb. The horses galloped back to Quinns Hotel, but were brought back and Mt Holmes re- mounted and thought he could manage to get along. He succeeded to do so as far as Ensay but was unable to go further, and had to take to his bed. Later on he was brought to Bruthen, and was taken to Bairnsdale on Monday morning. CASH IUON, TircnsDvr - Hea\> rams have fallen here Hie Clem 11, Uiver isa banker, and a Hood IB appri hen le 1 ILINDI RS, 'W EDSKSDAI -Much satisfac- tion is felt in this disttiot nt the appoint- ment bj the (jovetnment of Mr \\\ Segravc tis a Justice of the pt me It will be a great conviniinco to the pubho in man) vin)s mid will mive the police a cool deni ot lioubli Mr Seisavo bus rtsided here for over 2u jtars ORAMVlLLr liiunsim - \ Bal acci dint lumpined at tilt Ilusa )t Hterdn) «liena boy aged 2 )uirs and II numil» the son oi Mr J Uah, lutelier nut Ins death 1) drowning Hie little lellow VVIIH misse 1 for a short time and on a si arch bi nig ina li his body was dlacovere 1 in a waterhole near tho house HORSHAM, 'Iiiimsn vi -Mr Brake, M L A., has had another relapse, mi 1 is again Ter/ il|.-Cousiduublu uuiioj uncu bus been caused here by a person disguised as n ghost \ rambulating the more seoluded Btreets at nit,ht Several women and children have been Bcnously affrighted -Sensational statements continue to be made in regard to the un wholesomeness of the district meat supply, and the extent to which district (locks and herds are infected with disease the Borough of Horsham and Shire of Wimmera unite in risking for the appointment of an oflicer to inspect the district stocl and the slaughter jards-At the annunl meeting of the flechamos Institute last night Mr 1 ddy was elected president The profits of the exhibition held last week are upwards of i50 -Ihe money to be given uwaj in prizes at the Horsham and Wimmera District Agncul tural bociety s bhow to be held on the 25th September will amount to £24113s Cd as against £30011s last year when there was a two days show NATHALIA WEDVESMAT - Plie Rev M 0 Connor was the reoipient of a purse of sovereigns from his late parishioners to daj the ooeasion being the rev gentleman s de Earlure to Chiltern Mr Samuel Bull on ehulf of the congregation expressed the greatest regret at the departure of their pastor 1 he presentation took place in St Mary s Romnn Catholic Church PORPALBLR 1 TiiDnsnAY -At the police court to daj Meisia BurrowsandLear T P s gave veidicts with 10s costs to four workmen against the contractor for fixing the nioorin,, piles and repairing the wharf at Port Albert ihe total amount of the claims did not reach ¿10 mcludiiiL, costs Ihe depirtment de ferred a settlement with the contractor, Mr 0 Hearne pondinc ihe result of tin se pro ceedlngs Ihe defendant did not appear PURNIM lossDW - .The discontinuance of the afternoon tram from 1 erang to Mort lalee has occasioned nn alteration in the time of the nrrival ot the mail here on Monda) B ?\\\\.ednesdn)S and Indnjs which IB causing much inconvenience RUTHLRGLFN THOIISDAT -News was received in Rutherglen today of the death of Mr \\\ llliain Booth in Mel bourne The deceased gentleman WOB one ot the oldest and best known residents of this district as he carne here at the beginning of the gold rush ne was pos aissed of considerable property in the town and district He has lived m Melbourne tor the past h ve j cars SANDIFORD rnunsnAY -Tno weather during the past three (hi) s has been ex tremclj rough net and cold The Uiver Wonnon is running lank high, mid if more ram falls a Hood is certain SWAN niLL TmmsDiT-The stenroers rilen lrafal,ar and Invincible aimed here this morning each laden with passengers nn 1 exilions for the Citrus Tair to be held in Mel bourne 1 here were also over 12 tons of fish amongst the cargo of the Ellen and the Invincible SI \MOUR THURSDAY -rhere are to be elections for the shire council m the Tallarook and Avenel ridings In the former r ling Councillor Dod erv is opposed by Mr George Howe and ni the lattei Councillor Plummer bi Mr P J Gleeson tor Seymour Riding Mr P Howard is likelj to be returned unopposed, as is nlBo Councillor Wallis for the Kobjbojn Riding Sil IGLirZ TiiunsDAY - An inquiry WBB held last evening before Mr Cahir, J P into the deatli of the young miner A W Nye by a fall of earth on the Moorabool near Mount Wallace on iuesdaj last A verdict ot ncoidentul death was returned Ihe funeral which took pla e to daj, was headed by n procession of about 400 members of the local AMA and Oddfellows Lodge SHI PPAItPON THUUHDAI - I he mern hers of the ltailwaj Inquiry Boarl visit Shepparton on baturdij an I take evidence - Messrs J M Ñamara and Co in conjunction with Messi' Campbell and Sons of Alel bourne held a horse sale in the niunicip ii tards jesterduj About 300 liorseB were jarded nnd the demand for rcallj good hacks und draughts was 1 een Prices showell aniarl ed improvement on recentsales -Two Hindoos were brought betöre the Bench to daj on the charge of assaulting a countrj man Hie evidence showed that informant and accused were equally at fault nnd the case w as dismissed but the Bench warned all the Hin loos mc re or lees dircctlj concerned that any further disturbance would be lol lowed by the forfeiture of licenses ritYKU.GO'V THÜKSDU- Hie half j early meeting of the shareholders of the irnralgon Gas Compunj was held vestcrdny in the Mechanics Institute Mr O Miirnage chairman ot directors presidin, 1 he r« port stated that considerable saving had been effected m wnges and m the consumption ot coal during the half j ear and 1.200 bad been written off the plant, &.c A new iron reiort had also been procured and an addition made to the building lor the accommodation ot the manager lue balance sheet showed that the receipts for the six months had been £205 Ts 9d and the expenditure left n credit balance of £7113a Id i Ina is the first time the company lina been in credit, and the hope was expressed by the chairman that the time was not far distant vv hen thej wpuld be able to pay a div idend 1 he plant vv is in good order the assets had been increased and they were nble to congratulate tlitmaelvca on a trently improved financial position A vote of thanks to the directors and ohuirman concluded the business after several ¡.entle men hud spoken on the encouraging position the compani had attained WUNGHNU liiUKBiiAV -Upon arrival of the goods trim this morning nt half pact 11 a ni it was found that a valve in the engine vías broten und the permanent wny was blocked until the arrival of the passenger train due at 12 10 