[?] FAIERIAGK. Written for the Examiner and Tasmanian. By Adeline J. Whitfeld. Author of 'My Lady,' 'Madge,' ' Rex,' '? :' '' '. etc. . ':- '? ?':?.''? Chapteb III.-t-The Ghost. . . — Continued. The hon. Mrs Fullard looked very pale, but said nothing, though the old lady who was suddenly roused by the unwonted light,immediatelv demanded the reason for the same. Farmer Mack's .florid face was flushed with annoyance, and he was about tio excuse himself arid retire to his own room, when a trim housemaid entered with the tea. He sat down then and re lieved his feelings by stirring his tea vigorously, thereby making a' great noise. No one had dared to close the shutters again, but now old Mrs1 Fullard directed the maid to perform, that office. A little later a breeze sprang up and then Mr Pickara went out. shooting, the ladies and Farmer. Mack repairing to the garden. No; mention was made of the circumstance I which had so disturbed the good old; man, out as tney went; aown. toe gar-: den they followed a path which led to' a miniature lake surrounded byjweep-; ing willows, delicate shrubs, old man ferns, and pampas grass. ? « The willows overhung the water and were reflected in it, dyed now all crimson and gold from the glow of the setting sun, and a pair of swans floated idly on the surface. It was all very beautiful, but Farmer Mack did not seem to heed the beauty. He walked up fro a solitary rock which was near, and kicked it savagely. Then he glanced at the hon. Mrs Fullard apolo getically — ?',['' '' I feel as though I mustkick sum mat,' he said, ' but there ain't; much sense in kicking a stone, an' its hard on the boots, ain't it ?' The lady made no reply, but old Mrs Fullard said in her quavering tones. . , . ' You look put out Mr Mack.' Farmer Mack said nothing but he Bet off walking on the winding path which led round the lake a tremendous pace. After that nothing occurred to disturb his equanimity till the even of the next day, when he had strolled down the garden for his customary smoke. He was leaning back com fortably on a rustic seat, which had been placed in the centre of a little plot of grass surrounded by bushes, and was ruminating in a way he had of his own, when voices from a little arbor near broke in upon his meditations. The first was that of Mr Pickara in a tone of earnest pleading. ?Listen to what I have to say first,' he said, ' and then tell me what you will.' . . Ohapteb IV.— The hand ov a man, '.. NOT A EN ATE., .-'?''? The hon. Mrs Fullard seemed to have made some protest, for Mr Pickara rejoined passionately. 'We were boy and girl together, and, though I had no claim on you, it was a most unnatural thing that you. should forget all that, and marry that grey-headed man. who is years and years older than you. Look at him with his incessant talk of sheep : and cattle, sheep and cattle. If I were to stay here long I should begin to baa like a sheep myself. No, don't say anything. Let me have my say. God knows I have been silent till] could bear it no longer. Your mar-* riage with Fullard was a marriage out of place, You should never have married anyone but me. 'We were made for one another, and now what will you become? You will settle down into the narrow groove in which you ? live here, you will become ft part of the place,, ambition wil] die, your ability will be idle, tiling, a society tinng, not the grand woman you promised to be, but a thing, oh ! it drives me mad to think of it. You know, you are conscious of the maquetic link between us, you fell the powerful attraction; but you will not allow it, you have thrown jour self away, and you will not listen to me.' CI feel/ said the hon. Mrs Fullard in a voice unlike her own, 'I feel as though, some horrible power was being exercised over me against my will. I feel like a fly in. a web. I suffer. Let go my hands.' ' No, not yet, I cannot leb them go yet. Say that you love me — I know you do.' ' I wish I could think,' said the hon. Mrs Fullard confusedly, ' but my head is in a whirl. 'Will you let go my hands ?'. . '.No,. I whl not. Kiss me, he said passionately. . ' Oh don't ! Don't !' she cried horror stricken. ' Think, think what you are doing.' ; ?' Tell me that you do not love Fullard.'. ' He is a good man,' said the wife faintly. , 'Oh what are you saying ? This is horrible ! Have you no pity ?' 'Promise me that you will leave him.' ' I cannot. Oh my head ! My head 1 It is -this power ! ?' 1 wish I had never let you mesmerise me— never let you touch my hands.' . ' Oh go away now, please go away, and let me try to think.' '-Never till you promise me you love me, you do not love Fullard. You should not regard this un holy alliance, a lovelesss marriage is a mockeiy, a hollow fraud, a glaring inconsistency. Oh if you had married me — if you bad only mar ried me. I love you madly, madly.1 He burst into a fit of sobbing. 'Don't, don't. For Heaven's sake- Fred, be quiet ! My Q-od help me 1 exclaimed the hon. Mrs Fullard in a tone of anguish.' ' Say that you love me,' pleaded Mr Pickara. ? ' ' I loye you in a way,' she said, 'but not in the way you wish. Now leave me, E want to think. J? lease, please leave me.' ' He caught her Lands, and passing them to his lips kissed them raptur ously. Then he went away, Farmer Mack sat, silent for a few moments feeling1 half stunned, and then he rose and made his way slowly to where the hon. Mrs Fullard still sat in the arbor. He stood before her without speaking for a moment, and she thought it was Mr Pickara returned. ' Oh why have you come back ? ' she asked reproachfully. 'It's me,' said Farmer Mack un grammatically. The lady started violently, and then gave way to a passionate rain of tears. Farmer Mack sat down on an end of the half circular seat, and waited till she should grow calm. When her sobf | ceased he said in a voice that was low and gentle for him, :' Will you let me talk to y.er a bit me' dear ? ' 'Yes, yes, say any thing you will. I know now you have overheard. I am mentally confused. I cannot think. Will you say to me just whatever you think best ? ' 'I will.'said Farmer Mack with un mistakable energy. 'I will. My advice is send that rascal to the right about.' ' He is not a rascal,' said the hon. Mrs Fullard just above her breath. ? He is no honest man,' said Farmer Mack gruffly. ' No honest man makes lovefo a married woman. No honest man tries to make a woman dishonour her husband, or speaks lightly of his grey hairs.' The hon. Mrs' Fullard caught her breath. 'And such a husband too, went on Farmer Mack severely. ' L shouldn't ha' thought you would mention him in the same breath as that wanton. Yet you let him talk on — Why didn't you choke his miserable breath out of him before he said so much ? ' The hon. Mrs Fullard straightened herself suddenly — 'Don't think too badly of me,' she said. I do love : my husband, and I. do not love, Mr Pickara, but he managed to fascinate me some how with his mesmeric power.' : :? ' Then why didn't you: out with it and say you loved your husband, and tell him to go to the devil?' ? r 'I couldn't. My tongue seemed glued to the roof of my mouth, and something rose in mp throat and nearly choked me. I couldn't think then, but now — Do you know how I feel now V ., I How ?' asked Farmer Mack. 'As though I would like, or had better, go down to the lake and drown myself.' ' The weak resources of a weak woman to go and drown herself like a measley chicken which hadn't the heart to live. Why, girl, you have done no actual sin yourself, though, by Heaven ! you've stood on the brink. Stand to your colours. Don't be a greater fool than nature meant you to be. JSend that Pickard about his busi ness. Don't see him again. Send him a note and tell him to go to the devil.' The hon. Mrs Fullard pressed her hand to her temples. ' That would be cruel,' she said. * can at least be his friend.' ? ' No,' said Farmer Mack, firmly, * a friendship like that has a bad founda tion—a rotten foundation. Tell'him he has mistaken his fish, and you ain'b in the net yet by long odds. How could you let him kiss you ? Eachk.is8 given from him was a touch o' danina tion. ' 'He kissed my hands,' said the lady wearily.. . ? 'I don't care whether he kissed your hand or your foot,' said the old man, brusquely, ' it was perfane : just the same.' I 1 think I must go to bed.' said the hon. Mrs Fullard, ' my head aches horribly.'1 'Do, my girl,' said Farmer Mack, ' an' get a good sleep ; but write . that fellow a note an' tell him to find a handy tree and go and hang himselfi And, mem, if I were you, I'd jest tell your husband the hull story when he comes hame.' r : ' I will,' said she, in a tone of sud den resolution. ' I will tell him every thing — everything. How I seem to have wronged him, but I could not think.' When Farmer Mack and the hon Mrs Fullard went up to the house the servants told them that the old lady and Mr Pickara had already retired. As Farmer Mack went down a corri dor to his own room, he had to pass that which had been assigned to Mr Pickara. He glanced towards it and saw that a light still burned, and then went on, but before taking many steps he felt irresistibly, compelled to turn back. He did so and listened at Mr Pickara's door, but all was quiet. Then still as though he was being; guided against his will, he knocked at the door. A husky voice asked what* he wanted ? ' I want to come in. ' I want to speak to you,' said Farmer Mack. A slight delay ensued,, and then the door was opened a few inches, and Mr Pickara said irritably, 'What do you want, sir? Why couldn't; you wait till morning ? ' ' Let me come in, and I will tell you,' said Farmer Mack kindly, Mr Pickara opened the door wider, and then Farmer Mack saw .that he was fully dressed,' but his good-looking face was drawaand haggard, and there was a guilty look in his eyes. 'Come in if you must,' said Mr Pickara desperately,and Farmer Mack. wenFTdr:'-The:'firBt thing 'his :eyes; lighted on w'as a strong looking cord, knotted so as to form a running noose.' This lay at the foot of the/huge old fashioned tester bedstead, and near, in fact V close by; stood a cb air. In a moment Farmer Mack divined why that cord was there, and that chair so near.j A chill went to his kind old heart, but he said nothing of them just ? then. Instead he sat down uninvited, while Mr Piokara looked on with a frown. ' Say what you want and be, quick about it I iwant to go to bed,', he said, but he, did not' look at Farmer Mack. ;.' Th'a-t is not true,' responded the old man quietly. 'Confound you, what do you. mean1?' risked Mr Pickara, But he still avoided 'Parmei* Mack's eyes. The latter rose and, approached Mr PickaraV ? Will' you give me your hand ?' he naked} '??'i':'] ??'[?' , ??''.'.-. ?:, ., ? ?'?'? Mr P. iefcara did so half impatiently. Farmer Mack held it 'gently in one of his -great brown ones, 'and looked down at it tboTightftully. It wasiwhite and wejlr'shaped, 'but it was. not its beauty that 'impressed Farmer Mack. Pre sently he said ' This is the hand of a man, not a knave. I have made a mis toke, lad, you r must have been be witched. Let me help you.' ,Mr ,P:ickara looked into .the good 6id!,m£m's face then. What he saw, hie; could never understand, but he ' suddenly released his hand.* from Farmer Mack's grasp, and, turning away- covered his face. 'Lad,' said Farmer Mack, 'I am an old' man, but listen a while. I was hard upon . you tp-night. I felt like kicking you t'hen, but I was wrong let me help you.' He laid his hand on the young man's shoulder, and , then the latter brbke down completely. For a little 'Farmer Mack was silent, as he had been silent with the hon. Mrs Fullafdj but presently, he said again, t ;'I am an old man, a. simple ignorant old man, but I think I understand nowyl ;think I've got the rightsof it now. ', ;Your better celf has come .to thefpre,, and half mad with remorse you. thought you would give. it the go-: by? ; Mr- Pickara met Farmer; Mac&'s direct glance.then. .? , f ^ / 1 was mad,' he said slowly, 'mad ^srith horror and remorse. My moral CQnseipusness is re-asserting itself now, and r the reaction is— fis .terrible. I iiiled^myself, and now— now I seem to see it all in its true light. I realise that I was about to sin deeply, but oh, Irepent ! I repent I I have done wrongj but I call God to witness that I; deeply repent. Will you give Mrs Fullard; a /message for me. .Tell her I would give anything to recall what I said to-night. Tell , her— tell her I cannot see her again. I ana ashamed, I could not enter her presence. Tell hev to tell her husband all I said. Tell him how I violated histrust in me, his welcome guest. Tell him that I took advantage of the opportunity afforded ty the fact that .his ^wife had allowed herself to be subjected to my mesmeric power, and presBed my sacreligious lip's to hers. You saw me do it. You knocked over 'the easel in your anger, hut she, she w^as not wholly conscious of what I was* doing. The temptation -was too great for me, poor weak fool, who could so ¥ar forget 'what was due to the woman I loved, and to the husband; she ^honoured, who could so lose sight i of; 't their trust, and of my own self-respect, as to tell her' of . my love, an4 even ask her to respond # to it.' He sat down and again covering his face burst into hysterical tears.. Farmer Mack laid one of his huge iiands on the other's shoulders again, ibut said nothing till the latter's sobs ceased. (To he continued.) 