— " — SEWING RAG CARPETS. I It was a small unpointed house, stained an ' indesoribable hue by the suns aad rays of bait -a oontnry, a row of still, Lombardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a narrow bod outlined by strips of board, blossomed foar-o'oloeks, yoath.and-old-age, and gandy Afrioan marigolds, whioh seemed to hold np thoir orange torches with a dis tinctly defiant air. Green paper shadco veileU the window, and a knooker, with an eagle's head, hung in tho upper oentre of the door. Every one has eeen each houses along the country reads where the Queen Anno orazo had not yet ponotratod and orchids and Japanese foliago plants are yet unknown. Miss FosBett and her nieoe, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room eewing rngs for a oarpet. A bright wood firo oraoUed and snapped in tho air-tight stove, for, although tho eun shone bright on the marigolds and taur-o'alooke, there was a keen wind blowing, and the dead leaves were oarried in all direo- tions. The oat was asleep among the balls of rags whioh mado a parti-oolorod mountain in ono corner of tho room, and tho wooden olook ticked shrilly on tho shelf alongside of a case ol dried battorflieB and a plaster of paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss Foesett was elderly and spore, with a false front which did not in tho least matoh her black hair, and speotaolos. Mary Ann was slight and graoefully rounded, with dark, solemn eyes, and lips reddor than wild rasp- borrios. To Miss Fossot everything in the world was subsidiary, jast at present, to the finishing of tho oarpot sowing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in all tho world whioh was aotually impossible. There is just this differenoe be tween sixty and sixteen. " I was a-oaleulatin'," Mies Foesett droned on, " to get this ono oarpet wove before Bnow-fall, but I guoco it'll bo a close Bbave now. I didn't know if I oould get my front ehamber oarpoied, but tho eobool-ma'am might come hero to board ; and twelve ehil- lings a week is twelvo shillings a week in these timoo." ; "Yes, iknow, aunty," said Mary Ann and why shouldn't she oome? We shall oave the oarpet ready for tho loom, and in the meantime why shouldn't she no satsifluil with a rag or two laid down by the bed and „ in front of tho bureau?" _ ' " Haven't yon heard ?" said Miss Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of -thread. ' ' The sohool-ma'am'a going to bo married, and the new teaoher, Eliab Ray, he boards to ham. I don't believe he'll got along any better than Miss Mareton did, if he is a man teacher,", j . Mary Ann's eyes lighted up. . " To bs married ?" Boid Mary Ann. ; " Yes," nodded Miss Fossett. ; " Who is-ehc going to marry, Annt Fos sot?" " Oar next neighbor," answered Miss Fos sett, grimly, " i, . " Mr. Fairweather ?" .. . . ' "Yes, Mr. Fairweather. ' It boats all I" Miss Fossett added ; " to think yon shouldn't a heord it afore now. Why, she's going to hev a ,dove-oolored silk dreBS from Bridge port, and a store hat, trimmed with' staffed birds and a real broohay shawl. Must have laid up a sight o' money, I should sup pose." Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard the stream of idle abetter that flowed uninterruptedly from her : aunt's lips. For herself she sawed away, and uttered wflvpr Q, wordt John Fairweather to be married to Alda Marston 1 The news had fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaaelul serenity of ber heart, In novels she had read, many a time and oft, of the dnpliaity of man, but the faot had never oome bo near home before. The two women sowed diligently at tho oarpet rags until dusk. Misb FobbcR had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann Bearoely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb her eeriees. " Guess we'd bettor stop a spell now," said the old lady. " Jest you run out to the well and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll sot out tho apple-sass and doaghnuts and riz biscuits. We won't hov no regular meal, being there's euoh a hurry with the rags." Mary Ann stuck her needle into one of tho red flannel leaves of the housewife, whiah was fashioned 'like a miniature book, dropped her thimble into her pookot and van- She did not go straight to the well, though. She stole ap the winding wooden stairway first into hex .own room, whore the yellow glow of tho sunset yot lingered, and took two or three dried rosebiidB and a sprig of pesnted geranium from a little box in the aorrier of' the table drawer. Looking at them for a mo ment, she opened the.windew and flung them out into -the grass below. -» \- " I have bean a fool long enough, ".said she to hersolf. - ' " Then she went forth to the well and filled the.tea kettle, listening vaguely as ehe did eo to the'melanaholy "ohocp, oheep"of .the oriok- . eta in-the atone wall. "' i. ); : " Mary Ana 1" a voice uttered." '' Mary Ann started eo violently that she nearly dropped tho tea kettle. > -.-r-i- - It was Miss Mareton who had aome unex pectedly np the path, with a bunch of colored mapia-leavoB in hor hands. v-:'; '- Oh, Mine: Alda, how you startled/ me t" "Took mo for a ghost, eh?" said Alda Marston, -laughing. "But I wanted to -see . you, Mary Ann. Goodness me I" intently scrutinizing, hor face by the last fading gleams '' of daylight,, ."how pretty the child is growingl I don't blame j John for boiug bocwitohsd about- her." " Diiyouiwant anything,'.', said Mnry.'Ahn, bridling up. ---'A — > v " I want you, child," said Alda . Mareton, in the pretty, domineering manner which, being somo timo a " school- ma'am," sho. had naturally acquired. dan you help me with my sewing a little this week 7" " I am afraid I cannot," oaid Mary Aan; with her taoe turned away. " Oh, Mary Ann— and I had counted on you for a oertainty 1" " I cannot 1" frigidly repeated the girl. ' '' Misa Marston stood silont a minute or two, Thon sho said, aoaxiagly, — " But you haven't congratulated me yet, Mary Ann." Mary Ann withdrew herself spaomodloally from the light touoh of her hand. " I'm sure I hope you will be., very happy," said eho. " No, 1 don't, either-— I don't nope anything of that kind." Then she fled nway, sobbing and holding -tight to tho tca-kettlo, whoso spout dropped all the way in a most laohrymatory fashion.-,- Tho keroBeno lamp - waa lighted whon she \- reached tho room whore -tho balls of oarpet rags wore 'piled up. John/Fairwcaihpr -him- < self-was leaning ugainst-tho woodcrumantel- ri Bfah, withhis.elbow indaagermis . nraximity fofhd"cSFo?'3tiffdbu5Mr?tr!;&fit;'(i-)jig23f wasnowhorotobaKen.vV/ ; " She haa oiiompitalnl,4'-)&d;'-diiii$-?iiimI explained, in answer to Mary Ann's bewildJ orodlook, " to geta bag-oLhopc forcld. MraJ ' Hubbard's neuralgia. Aroyoaill, Mary AnnY You look so whito and rieary."/.- ,//;::,."' ' With gentle authority ;ha tDnk'tha ; kettle from horihtmd, and net it otk thd.BtivM 'Maryv ApnJ.hoJpta0!yi_regMg-iihto-it.lth v 'How tall and' straight "and 'heMdMSofi was I How pleasant ohono tho light fromhiri genial hazol- oyon 1" How dearly sho baa learned tolovo him I Now it mnst all betUM done again. '- Waa -it not . wiokod to allow! herself to think of him who belonged to;Aldal Mareton, uaoh loss to look admiringly into his faao. /With theeo thoughts in hip: mindjj it was no wonder that -her expression growl frigid as an ioiole. Slic DAid -.no- heed to hiA , question. s . " Miss Marston id out byjtbe'well ;>onjnOl find her there," eho eaid. .-. "Miss Marston, oh 7" said Mr.Fairwefitbati with provoking equanimity. < "That romindai me— you haven't told me-what you think oa our family arrangements. Were yousar-J prised?" _ _ . Mary Ann Ioekod,at)!himi(In->aniimmeoj@ almost manger./.".' . . . "1 - "Of oourso I was ' surprised," said: sh3 "Bnt," gathering all berpresouae'ef mind "I don't know why— it is no. business kof mine." . . % ' " But it is though," said ho.1' "It has'onlyi driven me, a little sooner than otherwise anJ tioipated, to ask you to listen to my eoitj Miss Alda must not imagine that she it' the only person in tbo world who oan get / married." J' Mary Ann drew herself up. ' " Mr. Fairweather," said she, " I mttst bog you to remember yourself. We are not Mor mons hero. Neither are you any rolation to ; Bluebeard. In this country a manioan have . but ono wife," - Mr. Fairweather looked puzzled. " '""t " An indisputable faot," said he. - " But I know of no ono who is contradicting it;" | " How dare you insulfc mobyeuonwoxds?' '' oried poor Mary Ann. " You -who/are enJ " gaged to MisB Marston I" $! "But 1 am not engaged to Mies . Mar eton." . . i.oj " Mr. Fairweather I" " " I am not' indeed," be said. " Dsar littla Mary Ann, do not look at me with sueh in-1 oreduloue eyes 1 Miss Alda Marston- ia afflH ancod to my father. She is to bo my otep4 mother, next month ; and as 1 would natuJ rally, undor tbo existing oixoametanceB,prefea a home of my own,. 1 want you to: be ita household angel." J Not another word was spoken. Mavy-Ann'm soft eyos, brimming over with glad tears, weraj lifted to John's face, Sho stole towards bimj and hid ber orimson oheek against his.1 shonldor; his arm tightened itself, in thai most natural manner in the world,, aroand1 her waist. When Miss Fosaett earns down stairs with me bag of hops, the two were busily engaged? in pioking up tho balls of carpet-rags whichj bad rolled away in every direotion. ; "It was the cat, aunty,' explained Mary I Ann, " Sho waB asleep in the vary middle oil the balls, and when she got up and stretahed herself — " / " Oats are a dreadful bother when there's work around," Baid Miss Fossett, After John Fairweather had gone home with his step-mother-oleat (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in tho world jealous of Mien Alda Marston now), the girl oropt out in ihof dew and Btarlight to piok up the dried roBSn buds and the Boentsd geranium-leaves. ' " Oh, what a fool 1 was I" sho whispered softly to hersolf;. "and how happy I am at lOBt I" ! -.. She helped Miss Moretcn with her drosses,' after all ; and when tho rag-carpet was sownt and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied the! place of honor on Mrs. John Fairweather'® dainty little kitohen floor. | " Isn't it pretty, John V" she-cried. ! - " The prettiest thing I ever sawrin my. life," said John, looking straight, into hie . Mrs. Fairweather laughed and blushcd,and> said,— . i — fa" Now, John, don't bs a goose t" . ! :/ 1 ? Probably tho most respbotablo' member or tho French presidential household is Mmo; Grevy. In bygone ages she is assorted. ta havo filled the position oithoz of laundress; housekeeper, or cook— or, perhaps, all tbroei combined— in M. Gravy's baohclor household;! In a momout of purdonablo weaknoaa, inns much as she was tho mother of his only daughter, lime. Alice Wilson, he married hor ; but not finding her presence as a-wifooa congenial as that of a favorite menial, helm- slated that sho should live apart from him.' When, in 1871, ho was elected President of tho National Assembly, hardly any ono was aware of his marriage, and his friend were only apprised thereof whoa, having chaf- fiagly urged that tho Frenoh nation would! never stand a baohelor president, he replied.' somewhat plaintively: " Bnt I am married 1" Mmc. Grevy was quickly oummonod from hen retirement in tho provinces, and apart from! her saying the wrong thing in tho wrong place i-3, on the wholo, n good-natured, re- spoatablo old soul, though aomowhat moan and stingy in money mutters. Ono of hen peculiarities is that sho is so uttorably unable to cope with long names and titles, The! Duobess of Fernan-Nunnz, one of tho proudW est granites dames of Europe, waa Spauislx Ambassadress a few years ago at Paris. Is was absolutely impossible to got Mme. 7<s Prtiidente to uddroashor conoatly in conver sation. Refusing to aall hor eikbel - "duohoss " or " ambassadress," ado insisted on speaking to her-part of the tune as Mme; Fexnan, and tho remainder, of the -time am Mme. Nunez. a „ v' From an olfactory point'of. vie w'it sceiW agreeable aliment may. be divided into tw<6 classes — those. which. are most fragrant' CS ternnlly, and tliOBO which develop superior , ' odors after they are crushed by the teeth oi tongue. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have ' a more refined and flower-like fragrance be- 1 fare they are put in< the . mouth than aftor;' , Cheeses, on the other band, aro not generally regarded oa fragrant - until tkey,j are beipg eat en,' Tho odor of; Limburgar :iis insdp- , portable to many, who aftor they --have, once - . couragaouslysmuggled.it past tho nasal ifor-' . tress, find it very appetizing and good.tg'-But the most- curious -illustration between 'exo teric and esoteric odors, so to speak, ia the tropical fruit called the durion. Externally, It resembles. Llmburger. in having an inten sely disagreeable odor, 'but during -mastioa- - tion it yields.. ".'waftsi; of flavor, that , call to mind cream dheeso, onion snuce, 'brown' . sherry, and other.incongruitics," according ta Mr. A. R Wallace, ..who adds that " tho more you oat of it the 'less you feel inclined to KBtop ; in-faet, to cat durions is a rare sensa tion worth a voyago to tlio East to expert- , , ence." ; The disagreeable external odor is in I ,this cose evidently neutralized by the fro- ' : 'graneo that is sot, free' as the fruit is crushed in thei-mouth. Anyone who will tnko up a book on, the culinary ait will ho suprised, ia the first' place, at the frequent references ta < the odors of tho viands ; in the Becoud place,' ' at the thought that In has occurred to no one heretofore to generalize and boldlystnte that / '- tho sense of smell plays tho first fiddle ia the ' kitchen and the diuiag-room. -:.\i " He— "Miss Elizabeth, Co you piayoi( the piano?" /" " . >, She: "NO." . ' ; . '' He (enraptured) : " Elizabeth, I lova- - / you!" . . -i- -1 \- Teacher — "Who knows of another falth-j . ful animal- besides the dog tliat apcompaniai , manovory whore?" 1 ;"-' j Bor: "The— Heal" '( Gontleraan (in a restaurant) : . " See: here, sir, what are you doing? Wiping my, glaas'witli a pocket-handkerchief ?" --.i -j Waited Beg pardon, sir— it is myi 'own I"' .. .y. | , Analysis hns brought to. light. tho.Tact- ,that ice cream frequently 'contains. gluoFBub' it never scorns to hurt tho girls. Some.: - hov/ its always 1 the «ygugjiyaai>-;tliat.getg . 