TEE BEVERLEY GHOST. ^ • — (BY J E N N Y M A E BLAKBBLEE.) L The old Beverley place was haunted. At least that is what everybody said, and when everybody " says a thing is BO of course it is to, especially in a little town like Elliston. There certainly was a singular melancholy air brooding over this old mansion, although it bad been deserted only~lor about five years The heir to the property, young Henry Beverley, " had gone abroad on the death of his father, leaving the place unoccupied, and hiB stay had been unexpectedly prolonged. The houBe was a stately structure of stone, and would seem a safe place in which to store the valuables that according to Tumor had been left there—old family plate, rich mahogany furniture, and costly bric- abrac. Reports of all kinds had aroused the spirit of covetonsness in the breasts .of at least the less scrupulous of the neighboring villagers. All rumor, how ever, that the late. Mr. Beverley's shade made nightly visitations to guard his son's pos sessions bad probably so far kept away these would-be burglars, if sach existed. Farmer Bagstock stood one August afternoon in the doorway of Mr Smythe'e little store—one of the kind that keeps the whole range of neces cities from muslin to mowing machines. His thin saw-like ieatures wore an expectant expres eion, and his eyes were lightened by a look of conning and greed as he occasionally glanced down the road. _ Farmer Bagstcck was not rich in this world's goods, and the nature of his eff rts tobe-ome st might, it is feared, damage his prospects, jut the next. His patient waiting was at last rewarded, for a long lank figure pre •ently appeared far down the street evidently making for Mr. Smythe'a establishment. When thif individual, known aa Hoke Simp kins, mounted the steps the farmer greeted him in a rather surly way. "Ben waitin' long enough, I should think." « Couldn't git here no sooner, 'pon my word," responded Hoke apologetically. After a word or two with the talkative store' keeper Bagstock bestowed a wink upon his frieud, and suggested that they " walk down the road a piece'' Hoke, complied, and presently they left thBhighway andeatered a small piece of woodland.^ Following the course of a brook for some distance they reachedan immense oaktree and seated themselves nnderneath it. The surrounding underbrush and the oak's tbick trunk concealed them from the view of anyone who might chance to pasB along by the stream. II. A short time before this James Stoke?, one of the village boys, came down to the brook to try his luck at trout-fishmr. The afternoon was sultry and rather cloudy, and it was probable that the fish would bite if thers were any there. But these contrary, trout-evidently turned up their noses at"MB tempting flies, and at last he gave up in despair. But Jimmy would not relinquish all hope of a " catch " yet, so he wandered further up the stream. He walked quite noiselessly for fear of Scaring the fish, and at last* halted just back" of .a large osik tree. Before hehad had timeto cast bis fly Jimmy heard the sound of men's voices speaking in low and cautious tones. Now^fce was a typical small boy, and of a shrewd alnd enquiring turn of mind, BO he dropped quietly down on the bank and listened, screening, himself from possible observation by .getting behind a large stump Boon he caught ^ sentence which made him hold his breath to bear more. « Waal," Blowly said a voice which he could not at first recognise, " the only thing is we'll haf ter break a winder. I found everythin fastened when I skirmished rount t'other night." " It 'ad make an awful racket breakin' the glass. 'Twould be better totake a pane out, I reckon," answered the other man. Jimmy was quite certtin that this speaker was Hoke Simpkin ". ' . " Yaas, it might," said the other, meditatively; •• that big winder at the end of the hall" " Folks eay there's piles o' silver and things worth a heap of money. How I'd like to get holt on it!' _ ' t • , . And Jimmy knew that Farmer Bagstock had spoken. • ... "Don tsee why we can't cut out a pane right under the ketch. Then we c'n raise the winder ins.jfEy."' • " " Waal. it Alight do that way," answered Bagstock. " What d' ye say to next Monday night f That ain't too soon, be it ?" Hnke Baid He thought not. «< Then," went on the farmer, " we want dark lanterns and." with a chuckle, " I don't think Bn old mealbag or flouraack 'u'd be onhandy, We could git there about nine, cut the pane aout, thin go off fur a spell, fur if anyone was alookin it 'u'd thnw 'emOff the scent. After a consid'able epaoe weoonldsneak back and git in. Thar, hOWs that for a scheme ?" lie finished triumphantly. '. . „ ,, ,, , *' Fine," said Hoke admiringly. Bnt he added mher slowly, " Folks say old Beverley's spook's around there, y' know, but I ain't afraid, be ^"Spooks," laughed Bagstock, scornfully. "They ain't no sechttitog. Bf there was they couldn't hurt us." , Both were ravber ailent for a moment, how. ever, after this brave speech, and soon the farmer suggested that they had said ?enough for the present, and might as well move on. They rose to leave their retreat, and Jimmy made himself as small as possible back of the Stump As be was on the oth6r side of the brook from the men, they pas-ed by wlthout seeing him, and were presently lost to his view. Then Jimmy rose to his feet, shook himself, looked around, and gave vent to MB feelings by a long whistle and the exclamation, " Jiminy Christmas, if I could only—" He stopped abort, seeming to remember that « discretion is the better part of valor," and that some one might be listening to hear what he waB going to say. 80 he only walked away very slowly, almost forgetting to piok tap his fishing ta≤ in his absorption. On arriving home he laid his rod on the front porch, and without Ungtring a moment duhed aoroii the lawn, got trough » hole In tt» tax*, *n4 then r»oed hisl?DBom friend, Will Smythe, in front of his lather s establishment, and greeted him excitedly, " Hullo, Bill I I've got something to tell you. VJaick I Come over to the orchard; I can't wait a minute." Full of curiosity Bill followed Jimmy's lead, and they were soon in their favorite baant, an old apple-tree. " Now," said Jimmy " wait till you hear what I have to tell you. Whew! It's immense I" Billy was breathless with interest, and Jim unfolded the plot he had heard. Will became as excited as his friend could wish, and exclaimed : " The sooundrels I Can't we head them off ?" " If we could only hit on something without letting anyone know. That miser Bagstock I Father always said be wouldn't trust him with a dime, and Hoke Simpkins would do anything Bagstock told him to. He's a coward, any way." Billy was lost in thought. Suddenly he exclaimed—"Hurrah! I have it. Jnst the thing." Iu his eagerness he nearly fell out of the tree When he had managed to tell his p'an it met with tremendous applause from Jimmy What came of Will's bold inspiration remains to be seer. III. Monday evening was moonless, jtmt the night for a reckless deed. The conspirators thought that they were especially favored. By 9 both were at the meeting place, and repaired in silence to the old house. The night was one of the kind that ghosts usually select for a promenade, and this thought may have occurred to the minds of the farmer and Hoke. Each assured himself that fuch an idea was nonsense, but jast the same this delicate subject was not mentioned. The window being found, Bagstock proceeded to pry out the pane. Then both, after glancing cautiously about, stole away to Simpkine's house, which was tiot fat distant. It was fully an hour before they returned and viewed the window. All was as they had left it, and Bagstock said in a hoarse whisper, " Now then, you climb in first " Hoke drew back a little. The house, somehow. looked unusually dismal. " What, yon ain't afraid, be you ?" ejaculated the farmer. Hoke said, "Of course not," bnt for some uuacco ntable reason his voice Bhooi slightly He consented to be hoisted up, and inserting his hand in (he op< ning easily undid the catch and raised the lower sash. Both of them would have been seized with consternation had they imagined that but a short time before other hands than their own had made the same use of this veiy window. Now, Huke was an awkward youth, and in climbi' over lhe siU hjB toot caught, which very short)y d ep0F ited bira on. the floor. This mishap added to his -raiegivings, but he picked himself up and helped in the impatient Big stock Tney were inside the walls which sheltered the coveted treasure. What to do next 1 With tbe aid of their dark lanterns they groped along the hall, which ran from front to back, as in moat old houses built in the colonial style Poor Hoke found his knees beginning to shake in a distressing manner. Any corner might suddenly reveal something to strike them with terror. If he had not discarded his hat before entering it would have been at present resting on the ends of his abundant crop of hair, He was obliged to catcb hoid of the farmer to steady himself, who called forth a growl from that quarter, for Bagstock was having all he could do to st:fl* some little mifgiviugs of hie own, , Where the dickens," he muttered, "can tbe things He stopped suddenly. The hf.ll was wide as well as lung, and they bad now nearly reached the front ends. At one side stood a large heavy chest, suggestive of riches stored, perhaps, in it3 depths. Near it was a heap cf furniture and rubbish. Bagstock had taken a step forward and almost had his hand on the cbest when his lantern flished on something. This '•something" made his knees shake more, his hair ris?. higher, and his eyes bulge out further than Hoke's ever thought of doing. Seated on that very cVst was an obj ct in white, perfect motionless, its head evidently turned toward the men- Tne farmer was transfixed with borror, and what Hoke was undergoing at that moment may be imagined but not described. He only gave vent to a kind of howl and dropped with a thud on the floor. Bagstock looked as though his shaky knees would oblige him to follow Hoke's example, when suddenly the figuremoved. It rose slowly, slowly, ts i's lull height, raised one long arm, and pointiog to the chest, said, in low, blood curdling tones s «« Yonder lies the treasure. Beware I Touch it ml, or ye die /" They waited to hear no more. Somehow they reached that window by a succession of bumpings and scrapings, and finally, wiih a particularly heavy and emphatic thump, H-ke found himself on the ground. - Before he could 'truggle up the farmer was on top of jam After they had extricated themselves it did not take long for both to put a good half mile between themselves and the haunted house. A rumor that two men had attempted to burslarise the Beverley House, but had been nearly friehtened ont of their wits by the famous ghost, and taken themselves off in terror, cauB^ mucb excitement in the village. The names of the two men no one seemed able to find out. but Bill Svmthe and James Stokes had many 1 lB »B h m in , private over the sheepish look which Farmer Bagstock and Hoke Simpkins al ways wore when tbe subject of burglary was mentioned.-tfarper « Round Table. After It is all over, how much we love the dentist who tell os that was the worst tooth he ever pulled, A London magistrate declined to punish a woman for drinking pin without having the money to pay lot IV She was In the habit of visiting public-houses and saying, " (fc'ome s Jng tbe B»me tad when asked for p»TW»t ebe relied.«| «|M B 1 ®®' & 