The Christmas box, es just distributed by lho . University examiners have made happy 35 winners of degrees and 301 matriculated students. These certificates are doubtless a noble series of gifts, on accuuut of which the recipients may pardonably confess to Boma elation. For, be it '-remembered, tbe honors have not fallen on tho students as Santa Claus dis- rib utes his beneficences — as pure gratuities. They are tlio fruits of much toil and brain fag and wrestling with perplexing problems through long months from early dawn till late bedtime. As the reward of industry and talent they may well be worn through our Christmastidc with much joy and soma pride. Even from the larger outlook of tho statesman — if we are happy enough to number in our midst men whose vision can pierce boyond their immediate environ ments—it is a matter of no slight interest that year by year there are draftod into the ranks of citizenship men nnd women thus equipped with tho softening influences of a kindly culture. And yet it would he cosy for these graduates in learning's honors to overrate the true meaning of thoir own achievements. Nor is there a time in all tho rolling year so liappy as Christmas time for remembering the whole hemi sphere of distance, that sometimes yawns like an impassable gulf between the culture of tbe head and of tho heart, of the intel lect and of the affections. " There is nothing of so much worth as " a man well instructed," says the sage. And it is very true, no doubt. But, then, what ', is it to be a man well instructed ? There's the rub. We are all agreed that " a little learning is a dangerous thing," and after all, compnrod with 1.110 mighty mass of tho complexities of tho pvobloine of life, tho sum of learning which those three hundred and odd graduates have comproBsed into thoir examination papers nrc hut as a molehill to Olympus. It has been well said that, though wu arc , all very proud of our reason, we guoss nt fully ono-hnlf wo know. This is trno even of the greatest. Popo, apostrophising Nowton, said — Nnturn nml Kiituro'n laws lny litil hi' night. God Hfihl, " l,et Non-ton bo I" nnd nil ivits light. And yot this magnilicont mental luminary, describing his own condition with tho modesty of tnio knowledgo, said : — " I " seem to have been only lilco n hoy play- " ing on the scnahoro and diverting myself '.'in now nnd then finding n smoother " pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, " whilst the great ocean ot Truth lay all un- " discovered before mo." 'What, therefore, constitutes a well instructed mind may fairly give us pause. " A eei tain facility in the conjugations of Latin verbs and tin: uso of the , Creek lexicon, cxccljotit, in its way, is not culture. There is a lesson taught us in the /very "word " Clii'ist'maH" ' that transcends mere- book lore, just as charity covcroth a multitude of sins. It is the Christ- mass, or tlio sacrifice of tlio Christ. No man has learned the first rudiments of How to Spend Christmas without asso ciating with it tho idoa ot sacrifice for others. Marloy's Ghost groaned over his mis spent life, and Scroogo said soothingly to hint : — " But you wero always a good man "of business, Jacob." Tho phantom answered : — " Business 'Mankind was my " business. Tlio common welfare was my " business. Charity, mercy, forbearance, " benevolence, wero all my business. Tlio " dealings of my trade wero but a drop of " water in tho comprehensive ocean of my "business. . ... Why did'. I walk " through crowds of fellow bciugs with my eyos turned down, and never raise thciii " to that blcssod star which lod lho Wise "Men, to a poor abodo !. Wore there " no poor homes to which its light " would, liavo conducted me?" In that passage, it may ho said, there lice more of true culture than iu ail tlio mere intel lectual work of all tho professorships. A man may bo a distinguished honor-man ami remain a cad. He cannot truly' learn these subtler lessons of tlio heart without becoming a, trno gentle- man. . If. these things bo so, it follows that tho supremcsb of all education lies in that grasp of duty which man 'owes to man. Nor need this term duty ho at all repel lent. It is so only in seeming. Duty frowns only when we floe from it ; if . we follow it it ' turns' and smiles on its. The memory of a pang relieved is sweeter to sleep, pn tlian the downiest pillow. Mr. Gladstone . onco said rather forbiddingly, that duty is a bore which rises with us in tlio morning, and goes to bed with us in the evening. .This, may bo so, but a little close acquaintance' soon deprives' it of all suspicion of boredom ; and most cortainly. Herbert- was'-right when lie said that " the " consciousness of duty performed gives us- " music at'midnight." ' : What fUa man's duties have been this Christinas time has been kept well before us in the columns of tlio Press. Poverty has not lacked its pleaders,, nor its succors. I3nt it is cortain that tho , mail who has stretched out his hand to those 111 noed 1ms been more privileged in giving than others in receiving. We acquire no occult know ledge when wo Loam tho luxury of doing good. They who have tried it best, approve it most. Tliuy know that all kindness begins in purpose, and that Tho world is lull of beauty, as brighter worlds abovo ; And if we did our duty, It might bo full of lore. If there be . any who do not seo tlio beauty and the love, it is mo3t certainly because thoy have not sought either. No man can do hnlf a dozen neighborly actions in order to increase the happiness of others without fueling his own bosom singing with a new found joy. It is sure to he dark if we shut onr eyes. But thero is a most delectable light abroad at Christmas time, to those who look for it. This it is which truly consecrates tlio season — that it calls out countless acts of loving kindness in the tacit acknowledgment that all' men are brethren. " And Love is a wonderful begetter — If you bring a smiling visage . To the glass, you moot a srnllo. The whole thing i3 easily done, and Christinas is easily kopt, and thu world is so much the sweeter for it all. Somo very foolish-wise people will toll you that Santa Claus is a fond fable, in vented for tho delusion of children. Never was there a mure decided fallacy. Santa Claus 'embodies an idea which has brought happiness to millions. To suppose that an idea which can thus move the world to beneficent purposes is nothing but a bodiless abstraction, is to liavo but a very imperfect bciisc of the relation of tho things wo call mind anil matter. Of the 500,000,000 people iu the world who awake this morning to a sense of what Christinas day is, thero are pos sibly 100,000,000 who have received the gifts of tlio 'good Genii Santa Claus; and to all this innumerable crowd Christmas will liold a brighter and more beau tiful meaning because of liim, until tlio : time when they, .too, will be come gift distributors in . their turn, in tho naine of a very real spirit sanctified through the ages, and of whoso substantial entity, it wero tho veriest heterodoxy to doubt. There is not a more unscientific being in this world than tho microscopic analyst who seeks to resolvo everything through the crucible and the laboratory. The prosperous squatter who liad built ,himself a new mansion, stood on tbe threshold of ' tlio log cabin' which had served him for twenty years, and said— 1'bere aro precious things in this old bouse we neter can take away. Ho was right. Tender memories of joys, sorrows, christenings, funerals, loves and crosses haunted every log in the rough old walls. Nor wore they a whit less real because they could not be packed into a furniture van and carried away with the rest of tho household gods. We are apt to pluino oursolvos too much on haying got out of tho ages of faith and into that of knowledgo. But old' Tapper was not so very wide of the mark wlin lie said that " never was a marvel done upon earth hut " it had sprung . of faith." While wo pro perly reason froin tho past-, we need very sadly a larger faith iu tho future— a faith, a living faith, in the power of moral ideas to work for tho general weal. People who are afraid of an equal franchises lest a woman or a sundowner might create incendiarism in the State are timid souls who aro afraid to do right lest Wrong como of it, who would scrupulously refuse to serve God if tho devil bade them. In precisely tlie same spirit the opponents of factory Bills for a hundred years past have always cried out about tbe interfer ence witli liberty. They have besn blind clamorers for oppression in the name of liberty. Tiiey are so still. Nor are they likely to die out in this century. They lack faith in moral forces, and are able to see in a rise of .wages only a loss to tho employer. It tells much against the usefulness of the colleges that . the half views of political economy inculoated in ninny of thorn sonil into life a numhur of fledglings who must absolutely unlearn thoir crabbed doctrines bafure thoy can bo fitted to perform thnso higher duties of 'citizenship which spring out of a truo con ception of tho relation of the Stato to its citizen, nnd tho citizen to tho State, the ideal of which, did wo but understand it, iB enshrined iu Christmas. 