Ear THE BOOKS. Hi rifERARV GOSSIP. ii o.„anJthe Vouny Woman for HP Vi, , varied seinotion of contents, ffil.ti.of"" improvitiB tendonoy. KVt. t0»id' Vok> illu8tratGd Mr -nof the streets and a piotorial fflfct"!' . useful littlo publiontion. W itVafirrr. M'Carron, Bird and Hb Melville, Mullen and Slade. ffif'c Benson, ""e of tho Arohbishop Br.".'«nn. i" publishing a gioup of Hv. villi "hicotq which range from K.;,i "Andrew uiarvell to Honry ffi-rjowett, Elizabeth Barrett B)"l of Mr. John Morley'a literary Hrf lh,i loves books io not nn ad- B'iUd to seo hisii/e of Chatham for H1'.; Series nilvertised bo "in prepara- 17,111 be still moro pleased when Kite changed for "Now ready, but Hr-mediate prospeot of tho completion ft.?, oo which Mr. Morley is taking ftjlArlioii Haj), by S. B. Crookott bill Icdinu and Colonial Library) ia RSmiiiitiDB tiroes, and is represented itor n A true bi8tory ol one w H'1..;, beneath the Banner of Blue. It esttlT to patr'otc instinct, ami U a SS Itory. f«U of tn0«,Jonfc anJ vivid y. sY«t it can hardly he said that Mr. Kj, w be height of hia opportunity. BcSrent a straining after effect, and Reputation of Scott or of Stevenson By is tbe comparison. Rdiicli has virtnaily completed K of the letters of Matthew Arnold, Siolame will probably api>e&r; before R jjr> H-jssell gave his work a Uo» Rier tbe general election, and iqnt# it ii likely to be one of tbe mgsb ffiii futv of tbe publishing sosw Kq vu an old friend of Arnold, awn Kwd finely critical knowledge ollmc Bti$ aobounded admiration for Kim Especial touobe of charm and insigbf nfliw aoazine for October (pub- llTiitl, l"ck aud Bowden, Limited) ftMibowan excellent variety both in ft -liter and in illustrations.. A very ftnrticle on Buried Treasure contains Cm' Lloyd's organisation, aud describes ; L>hieb are now being taken to recover Ejipecte which the Lutine, a . British liLich wa? wceekevi on one of the islands lb themoutb ot the Zuy.der 2ee nearly It iio, is 'supposed to have contained, tace -of the . American Greenback .is wambotion which will repay ; 'perusal i. Horuong writes a short story .on. an i of conrict times in Kew South Wales, jothby's sensational melodrama, A Bid rie»u becomes more and "more wildly lL Al ; Gordon's History of her Travels the wdtld» published by Sampson Low lt-iod, has reached a second edition, and irefore be a-iaml to sait tbe tastes of a aire of readers. Sue describes her expert- Canada, Japan, Ciiina, India and Egypt I especially on her impressions of tbe i religion' presented in strange lands. tUu Mnl'-erinan introductory letter i>4Ivu deeply interested by. the ex- »pirit which prevades the book, and teomei more and more pronounced as ae acquainted with tbe practical work- too-Ciri-iiao relieions. I have parsed tbe ame exoerieuce from reading the >»b of the different religions of the V.ch you have passed throaeh from com- actual c »ntCT with them,' L Patched Mattin will publish on tbe tiober a bx>k of poems entitled Tfu H Jeter, at A Oihtr Vertex. Some of cuei bite pr- fviocely appeared, but the ire now cohered tn a veiy attractive it bat, \i:j copy of wbieh is to ba q the author, as'aLo a leas imposing for the g-ueral public. Tbe Sonnet of isla wt» j»rci»lly commended by thelate csvson for iu ' "bright and patriotic verse, life won frcm Eobu Louis . Stevenson, im quaint way, a notice of the "good itfvetn in which it was written. ; Tbe ontain a ap&cially; designed title page !Hij, rep;r«ioeed tn photogravure, and taegrt ur« by . Hume ' Kibet. " The fclizri faron&d; with an original de- dswfll known Australian artist, hlin iiTtiomas. kil l a reproduction of it of S«-ltvy »»y the American sculptor, e;e KL Ezekir', of Borne, t of tbe ietiicg French writer and jti Lart be c interviewed on the enhjeet fitenur wrrv with wbieb tbvy wtarted iFttr. M. Henri Boebefort declare that lose cf tuxDeroui "ghosts' who to wr.v xbe almost tatenninable j 9t of tb riicr Duma-. Pan nf -Xes Mct$2uae>c be says was from hia penl vioeBarrr- -was a reporter on a far.mhle nil ieartsL tbe Joacmcf de Mcvrtkt €L q M. Avitizf-n Sen oil sent squibs and x u dif papers while stUi at ; M.Elnuk:d Drnmont, who takes it to nUfic-a u> ciiLvse his fellow oonntryxnen lEctop t»a: :i U the Jews who the hatr:> "bread to rise, w ths bcitttr Miop wiih large Tdne frit, T6v- itii.cittj ardcies in & hiuideni' >U lfcni:;ur du BatitaeuL In znaxiy «riitn i ,L a lixtie for the siewpaver lajlcTeiit -bier occupations. jHius >Lh u v«;l known, vu a elert in the ictti of Hfccheite, the French ipr-t. - - J'.: Msrtx n c-r Kv'Cktny is » nook iii a yp-i.. fc-.rtiixgir u> she fesnipg nf iuj aM acal:»:iot which cannot Tail i© w xht iiyrmg reesord of wemng lives /pit, clcs' - deTorioa to the csuse of "V1 3-iot. p: cTrfc, and which in their V 'r of fnertyrdooa. f, . tZi- Toy Saundei were If lIj- vieiia. ui the yeeent Ohineae P nstitv, cud the incident of trt warm wnhio the reeol- C ' lu Jwtg "ai-dies were hom-ann reared rere-ved here tbr incentive to I Uft widen ended © uapsally. I -.w& years ago so enter on Litov these iettms vrtrich /., ,Lfra hi heresvadxDpther xu the li. netr frail xh incwased«fi«t fl of the heaohen world, |„tJf1CLj7 Trr'tie® acoonnx s& the to be orosgtitto a aai IriiT v. j1 breathe forth the |tu; f of -he -wriieie, aud i'«jiitor,si '&«»> .-»« |«m of - ir aitr m vfesied wim an ' -'"-uvririon of Sim Sksr. D. Sb-tJ! u aanmS rf Mr Dfi5f- Wu ;, «" ? CaOTa4be»nlimr rM- V.r'ct' 'Zw l/a&ief; Mumc |0l'',"naa!'., k » eioEfjoiai io Si. " it u'j' . taoJUDSfl » prann. i oeeamcr of cpe«es: wliioh provonto liio apoaking in puljlia Thio, nowevor, he has in a meaauro overcome, and lie now not infrequently rendu tho lessons and prayers at the college services in Chri«t Church Cat neural. Photography is one of Mr. Dodg- son h favorite recreationH, and it is not surpris- ing to learn that oliitdreu are his favorite subject. In faot, it is said tliat lie niloros children under evory condition. "Of course ho is immensely popular among small folk, hut their alfeetlon is mingled with a certain amount of awe, for he has a quaint way of talking to them about great and be&utiful; things in an elaborately mystify ing way, whioh, whilo it somewhat confuses his juvenile listeners, delights the grown-ups." Mr. Dodgson ia a great lover of mystery and mystifi cation, aud it is, no doubt, partly owing to this that he is so extremely sensitive on the subject of his name and his whereabouts. Mr. Dodg- Bon's chambers in the Tom Quad are perhaps the finest in Christchurcb, and he is particularly proud of them. 41 The ascetio looking figure of tho Ohristchuroh don may often bo met trudg ing steadily along the roads several miles away from Oxford, for he has always been a great walker, and he is not tho man to givo up any good habit. Most of his rhymes are composed while he is out walking. Quite recently, when ho was asked to do some elementary mathe matical teaching in the absence of tho regular tutor, he replied, 1 Certainly,' adding as an afterthought, 'I must take a lot of long walks to recover my Euclid, which I haven't touched for 20 years."' Recent additions to Methuen's Colonial Library, received through George Robertson and Co., are Battles of English, HiHoryt by H. B. George ; The Moving Finger , by Mary Gaunt; and Barrack Boom Ballads, by Rud- yard Kipling. The works issued in this collec tion are chosen with happy regard to instruction as well as to entertainment, and - they are presented in a form which 'reflects credit on tbe enterprise of the publisher. ' Th e .BaUlet is a book which will be very useful to students of history, as it gives in - clear and oncise shape an intelligible description of the principal military events in the annals of tbe -batfon/tAs tbe author observes, it is not easy for a genital reader to gain from books a definite \d»iot the gliding causes which contribute' to vibfm.in a'feajnpaign or a battle. Either . too ncb'iv>old.br:>bo little, and consequently the //. ootlice of ereuw it ebtcued.to tte ordinary ; rw'md . ilt, George. a«" profesaor of Xjb-«ory a - the Oxford Cnirexsi', bx obnedt the .diffirciiv, and has set himself to pfoiidt a remedy, a tk wbieh be is well i qualified to undertake. He wihes very cleeily os tbe art of war, axid tbongb bi dtcriprionr | are ao eoiDprewd that tLe glfctnoor of tniiitery . glory hardly finds a place, the loss of the picturesque ie couipsskted in tbe aceuiate pro- ; sensation of tbe eeati3 facte. Coinunang : with Hastings, the reader 5 taken shrovgn ; ihe disturbance of Civil ' VTar wnicb marked various periods of Enali-b hhtoty uott the Baron War. wherein Simon de Hontfert wa the leading figure, toe iTTaa of sheiio»es. though canoufly enough no xr»ectkntis xsade of Boe worth, to tbe- Great G"1 YTv, herriu tbe predomiuaocs of CtofflwelJ jwa .made apparent at Ntfceby and Dunbar. fTbe eneoucter between Scotland and England, iFritirt and Bannockbam and llopdeu axe oriefiy -described. So also axe the ntt.ie is France, Crecy and Bofeier, Agineourt land Orleaos; the Marlborough vvonea; i xha rigbteentn oentury . fight, inciuo- Ucg' , capture of Qoenw; toe -Peoisaulax- Gampaags awl "Waterino; toe i Crimean etpeditk, and 5nfcl)y the pra&»js j events whiriii' ifufflt .nuluary eiancpoxsl, hte \S4 -so iiie e«aiilioiilui-ti: aud nroiutoaiaure rr. o'ai Judian empire. Eugiian iiUiurr, ut»«re« JIx. George, if hi c-atj njt »«-M iUoiroralisr 4w Immvr xhai f»J « -«u«i from battle aud i'«« aetiius. . " mujtiaout ' beruud I OT «« caiiciuai uj. ol e«ec : xotdetBie JeuftiL - - - Tbu. Euluu ua- torr pie. eiery .arhr-y— n. mv£ e«i..oonj -ipnMi ia p»j uatile mex eipit eej-- :turwT aud tuu-e ua trio uae ueet louo- ' traiuxt Hmopam touoi, leuafiict. aud a«aSoos -bt B» rettf cd Judii- X'ue imlr exper'ieuea wbies BugiaiiO ua u/. u-x u i£«t uf uue atim-d uattou jBeeijnsatiuj 5iree« on auutber; faott ilb' ?«<Kid br ibe uiixtia mu. Tot mhoo tk Auatioliau oturia uuoer tue -i-a f- ' ilutiu? Tioyer tie yo.a «i->d <Z££oo -aiihi 34ha Cauut vucumoaij y. Imdmo. Kmt ol tueffi, i-' tut uyyttrti here aud '«« Juu.iee. Tut Bait xcouc talxad oTBjjan ' t»» aliaaiT iowue iaroBiaf, Mid r»sy out will iejJadMi «es« Sinau «u tomya tiitya. MB. OOCBTXCE POUND.-., OP THE PEINCESSTd COMIC OPKKA COMPANY. - \- IT toy. A Phcao. at T t.iy.t). 