WOMEN "ON. WHEELS.' [By Mrs.-. Humphry, in the Idler.] There is •an old story of a Scotch sexton1 who, meeting a ghost in the churchj'ard one night, asked'it"Is it the general resurrec tion, or are ye only out_for_ a wee dannder by yourself ?" One feels inclined to paraphrase his question apropos of the present craze for cyclmg that has attacked society. Is it only a passing fancy? Or is it a revolution? Who shall_ say ? There is nothing so fickle as fashion. In the beginning of the year the women of the leisured classes devoted them selves to skating, many of them throwing them selves with such energy into the new amuse ment as to seriously injure their health. The cycling mania has taken even deeper hold, as may be made manifest to anyone who shall visit Battersea Park about half-past 10 in the morning. Hundreds of gently nurtured girls are there to be seen on bicycles, some of them expert enough, others still in their novitiate, and many of them accompanied-by'mothers who have had perforce to take to cycling in in order to perform their duties as ohaperons. The life of a society mother in the season is never a very easy one. She has to rise early and go to bed late, and rarely finds a chance of recouping herself for lost hours of rest by a stolen nap in the afternoon. She has to sit in a ballroom, looking^ oh at the fun, her own amusement" consisting in , silently , recalling the dear old days when she herself was young and blithe, or in exchanging platitudes with other chaperons. And now that she has to "bike" in order that her daughters may enjoy their long spins under her guardianship she must occasionally feel as, the .hen ,does when the fluffy, little yellow ducklings. she has mothered, betake themselves, to She water. Some of them are content to send a groom, also on wheels,- to look after their pretty daughters, and some take'just as keen a,pleasure as the girls them selves in the rapid motion and the ex hilarating exercise. Lady .Teuhe is one of these, . with her two charming daughters she enjoys many an agreeable ride, and uses her iron steed. for shopping excursions as ivell. The convenience of 'biking?', is enormous; so much so .that "West-End cabmen complain that they do giot get nearly so many fares as they used to do; just as the-livery stable keepers assert that there is considerably less demand for horses now than during any preceding season. Piano manufacturers' declare that, bicycling is interfering .with the sale of pianos ; but this is a conclusion scarcely so clear of deduction as the other two. V So general is the devotion to the new mode of locomotion that at country houses a room is now devoted to the' housing - of the bicycles, and the host has not to find mounts for nearly so many of his guests as . he was wont to do. Both men and women prefer the wheel to the quadruped, and- the novelist of the future, should, the former have come to stay, will arrange many a situation in harmony with the new pastime. • ■ Fancy an- -elopement after the new pattern. The fugitives ori a sociable and the irate father in pursuit. •' What a dramatic combination could have-been-.ma.de of "Gretna Green, the bicycle, and the blacksmith. Among those who know nothing practically about bicycling an impression prevails that it is necessary to sit astride. .. This is, of course, quite erroneous, "but the number of peoplevwho: are.deterred from-whefelihg by/this mistake is very great. Others are prevented from learn ing by fear of falling, but there is no more danger than there'.is in learning horse-riding, if so much. The teacher is much more in danger of getting a nasty blow than the learner. ' 'A belt is passed,' round her waist and furnished with a handle, _ which. the teacher grasps. In the wobbling of the pupil die gets many a bruise. . I have often-noticed the difference between .women learners and men. The former laugh at their own struggles, sometimes so heartily that they cannot proceed. Men take the matter more seriously, bend their whole minds to it, and only laugh at their, spills when some one else starts it.1' And yet women often get on quite as quickly. On the other hand there are more utter failures among women learners than ambng men. The Duchess of York and Princess Maud of Wales learned quite easily. The Duchess of Connau'ght- was nervous and took more' time'over' the acquirement. .The Queen of Italy is an expert rider. The Duchess of Portland, the Marchioness of Hastings and the Countess. of Dudley are all proficient. The first ride is extremely tiring, though certainly not more so than the first ride on horseback- after some months. Every muscle in the frame seems to have a separate ache of its own, and. there are few more' agreeable sensations than that afforded by a rest on a comfortable couch after a long lesson on a bicycle. .. .. . The question of dres3 is a vexed one. The j aristocratic world clings to. its skirts. The ladies of a lower social scale believe in khicker-1 bookers or Lady Harberton's' divided skirt. Those who have ridden without a skirt vow that they willnever ride in one again. In France hardly any woman wears a skirt when wheel riding, replaeing.it as a rule,, by very full trousers of the Zouave sort. English ladies of the upper ten thousand wear skirts varying in length and width, and sometimes stiffened with horsehair in the hem to keep them out from the wbeeh Lady Norreys, one of the cleverest bicyclists, wears such a skirt, or did for a time. I fancy I have seen her with un stiffened skirt of late. ■ She has a very strong feeling against the divided skirt, an antipathy that is shared by Lady Wolverton, Lady Liirgan, Lady Yarborough, and Lady London derry; For 'my own part, though I share their prejudice* I feel convinced that it. will before long be completely outgrown ■ and for gotten, and shgnld the craze for cycling last so long, in two orthi-ee years a skirted woman on wheels. will he regarded as a survival, and in no sense up to date." And I am the more particularly certain of this because a recent invention promises to utterly j revolutionise the science of cycling.; I refer to the sliding-seat, arranged on the same principle as applied to boats. This economises the strength enormously, by allowing a backward and forward, movement to the_ saddle and securing freedom _ from . vibration, at the ' same time giving a surprising increase of power. When the sliding-seat comes into universal use, as it certainly, will when it .is generally known,. the costume oE lady cyclists will be adapted to it.- The sliding-seat cannot be adopted by any one-riding in a skirt. • -1 have seen some graceful wheelriders of my own sex, and should like to mention the names oLafew-who-are,jrareminenfr-ia thissespecb. But to do so would be invidious; especially as I must record the fact that the picturesque riders are a very small minority. The great majority are very much the reverse. I have been hunting in my brain for an adjective wherewith to describe them, but Cannot find one that does not seem too severe. What I j particularly object to is the back view of the average" rider. It is distressingly hideous, except in cases where the skirt of the coat or jacket is long enough to reach the saddle. ~ Girls who ride in blouses and scanty skirts can have no idea of the unbecoming fashion in which some skirts dispose them selves. The. most graceful costume as yet devised is that invented by a well-known Manchester firm. The skirt forms a drapery over the bodice when the cyclist is wheeling, and droops low over the back, while at the same time it affords tlie aims perfect freedom. _ This seems_ impossible, but it has been achieved by the ingenious inventor. In 'an instant, when the wearer alights, a button is unfastened on either shoulder and the skirt drops to the ground over the knicker bockers and gaiters, both of which are in the same material' as the dross. Woollen underwear is indispen sable. otherwise the danger of 'chill after a long run is very great. Jager garments | of various degress of thickness or thinness, [ according to the temperature, obviate all risk. _ The only danger, apart from chill, lies in overdoing the riding and straining the muscles^ One doctor has said that cycling is good for girls but bad for women. Another declares that it is_ excellent for both young and old, unless there is inherent delicacy of consti tution or weakness of heart.' But m modera tion lies the great safety. What first strikes the spectator at Battersea I Park is the ugly way in which the skirt is | kicked out when the wheel-woman is pedalling. I It is a fact that the limbs are much more freely displayed in this _way_ than the performers imagine, especially in windy weather; and this is one of the strongest arguments used against skirts by the advocates of rational dress. As to footgear, only the novice tries to cycle in boots. The ankles have so much to do that these soon become intolerable. Shoes are the proper wear. Porsummer wear the sailor hat is preferable to any other, -worn a little for ward so as to shade the eyes. yeil will be found a useful addition for keeping off the flies, which often seem to make, of set purpose, for the rider's eyes. I have seen more than one man cycling with a dark gauze veil pinned on over his cap. ■ Disagreeable at any time, the suicide of a fly in one's eye.is doubly so when wheel ing. ..A tight corset is always a mistake, but never more so'than when riding a bicycle. The exertion necessary for propelling the machine, especially uphill, combined with the pres sure caused by the corsets on the vital organs, is very likely , to cause an attack of faintness. which would, at. the least, be very incon veuient, and might possibly be dangerous. There is ■ no doubt that much of the objection entertained against bicycling pro ceeds from the idea that it is fast'and unfeminine; .but when we remember how rfiany things that were once considered^ fast and unfeminine now enter into the ordinary programme of a woman's life, we" may safely infer that .after a while this will probably follow then- example. . In the early days when women, rode on pillions, they would have been horrified at the idea of haying the back of a horse all to them selves. In another decade things will be made very smooth for the active, vigorous, and enter prising young. woman 'who is now in the nursery or busy, with lessons in the schoolroom. When the general public, at home and abroad, becomes thoroughly habituated to the sight of women on wheels, ■ the fear of looking fast or conspicuous will have vanished. Meanwhile, the. great, thing is to be .very, careful in the choice of a saddle. An uncom fortable pne may, prove to be absolutely dangerous to health. A machine should never be bought until aftertfbore than one trial trip has been made on it.' Perhaps, after a while, the saddle may be made a little larger for women riders. Not even the shortest distance should be ridden without a brake; a precaution not always observed. Slow riding should be care fully practised as a means of avoiding acci dents in crowded thoroughfares. Over-fatigue should be most carefully guarded against, especially'by timid riders, for the two causes combined have been known to bring on severe cases of nervous prostration, a malady that can be induced in a very short time, while the cure of.it often covers many years in such cases as do not terminate fatally.' 