ACT A PQPULI. By The Flaneur. The Millennium has arrived ! Peace comes to us waving her olive branch on high, and Prosperity will call round to-morrow — or thereabouts. Every man will have a chicken in the pot oh ?week-days and a turkey to roast on Sundays, and the bargain hunting woman will be lifted into a seventh heaven of delight on finding that all the millinery she wants will be absolutely 'given away, and after she has made her selections the shopkeeper will send her home in a cab as well. How the shopkeeper will make a living is his particular troubles — not hers. On the first of the new year all the Custom Houses in the colony will be swept into the sea with one mighty swoosh; ours will essentially be the home of the Free man (copyright joke comes in here), and even a grave in sunny New South'- Wales will be far preferable to a Government billet in other lands Poverty will be unknown ; joy will reign supreme — and all, this marvellous change will be worked by one wave of the ' God-fearing Government's' magic wand ! ' ? !t - ;' :/' E ' ? ' Such is the pleasing prospect put forwardby the Freetrade party now, but I have very grave doubts about the realization thereof. ' Soirie cynic has sagely said: ' Whenever a man approaches you with the olive-branch of Peace in one hand,- be sure and see what he holds in the other hand. In all probability you will find he has 'arf a brick!. Premier Reid certainly holds something yery like a whole brick in the shape of his new. taxation scheme, and the weight of that weapon will be felt before long. All taxation' is' bad, but this direct taxation is the Worst of all. It Will fall lightly on the rich, but it will come down with crushing severity on the poor. It will restrict employment, heavily handicap the producer and encourage the trade of other colonies at the expense of our own. And all the time we will be expected to laugh and be merry, and imagine that ours is the most pros perous nation under the sun. The situation then will be very like that on board the holiday excur sion boat that took several hundred revellers out side the Heads. 'Can't you get me a basin, steward?' moaned one unfortunate lady passenger who was gasping on the cabin floor, ' Basin ! ' exclaimed the steward. ' Oh, dear no, ma'am. Heverybody is certainly very sick, but then, you see, you're expected to bear up an' be jolly because this is a pleasure steamer ! ' On New Year's Day the Income Tax will begin to gladden the people's hearts, and all persons in recipt of over £200 per annum will be required to paj Id in the l £ for any sum received over and r; above the amount of the exemption., i : My troubles, about, that will be very small, ,., but,, my sympathetic soul bleeds for poor Ebenezer' Vickery, and; Sydney Burdekin, and all other sufferers who may have to put up cheques for 'two or three hundred pounds. There is a deal in Parson Jeffer is' s theory about the Blessings of Poverty and the Curse of Riches after all. But at the same time if anyone wishes to be relieved of their 'curse'' lean find a philanthropist who will gladly catch on. Persons who are in receipt of regular salaries will be easily got at by the income-tax assessor, but the inconvenience and annoyance felt by business men will be simply awful. The tax for next year will be based, I believe, upon the amount earned during the present year. This will be very nice for the man who made £1000 in 1895 and who will barely earn £100 in 1896, and it will be amusing for those not directly interestedto know how the tax-gatherer will act in the case of a man who has an income of £500 this year but who will be relegated to the ranks of the unemployed next year, by reason of the removal of the protection hitherto extended to the industry upon which he happened to be employed. I suppose our heaven-born statesmen mean well, but in reality all the change they have made in a great evil lies solely in the name. And although we may not suffer so much from cholera when it is called cholerine, still the funeral is quite as lament': able and the grave-digger gets there just the same. Does anybody want to buy a dog ? If they do I know where they can get one very cheaply, and the history of this dingo affords another illustration of the miseries of direct taxation. , A certain citizen writes complaining, and with r some show of reason,, too, that he has to pay a dog tax every year although he never owned a dog in his life, and has registeied a solemn vow that he never will. Three years ago a long, lanky, yellow dog followed this gentleman home and settled him self on the premises in a style that clearly intimated he had come to stay. Not being very desirous of having an unregistered dingo about 'his place, the citizen took the law and a gun into, his own hands and speedily sent the four-legged fraud ' toes up, ' Three days after this the rightful owner called round thirsting for gore, but being a much smaller man than the dog-slayer, he wisely ' dissembled' for a time, but eventually he had;a turn at the law,-, too ; the result being that the shooter was t' shot'? himself to the extent of £2. , ; Last year another measly mongrel billeted him self .on the same unfortunate citizen, and profiting by his previous experience, as he thought, the mis guided man had the new brute registered in his own name. That landed him in a precious fine mess indeed, for once more the rightful owner popped up and talked so loudly about bringing an action ior dog-stealing that the bewildered party assailed gladly handed over the dog and £1 as well, to have the matter dropped. This year the old dog misery came along as usual, and knowing from sad experience that it wouldn't be safe to either kill or register the new visitor our friend decided to let matters rip and quietly abide by what ever fate was in store for him. He was soon put out of suspense by a gentleman in blue, who handed him a summons for keeping an unregistered dog on his premises. When the case came on the magistrate declared the offence was fully proved, imd by way of choking off all other ' ghost stories'' of the kind put up by the defendant, he inflicted a fine of 10s 6d and added 4s l'Od costs as well. A'p parently this unfortunate party's dbg 'troubles are over for this year,, -but he feels certain they will break out again as fresh as ever next j ear, and so he no w plaintivaly asks what would, be the best course for him to pursue when the next dog trots along and takes possession of his premises. My emphatic but unsatisfactory reply is, ' I don't know exactly,'' but it seems to me that the only permanent way of settling the trouble 'is for thein jured citizen to leave the dog.in possession and shoot himself. :...'...? - .??..-.. Now that the 'never-to-be-sufficiently-deplored Dean case is lulling and the summer sensation crop is thinning out, the dailies here have started the hoary old 'sweating' trouble once more, and columns upon columns are being printed drawing attention to the woes of weary women who are com pelled to work 18 hours a day at trouser-building for 18s a week, and find their own sewing- machine and cotton out of that. ::..:: Of course life under such terrible ^conditions is barely worth living— in fact those poor slaves of the sewing- machine can scarcely be said to live at all They merely starve, and even a prison life w.ould.be. preferable to theirs. Which reminds me. that quite a Stoic philosopher turned up at the North Sydney Court on Friday last in the shape of a party who, s0! the police alleged, remarked on being arrested for stealing wearing apparel from a Chinaman, ' It's no use lying about this business. I took .the Chow down for a suit beeauso things are very bad in my line just now, and if I get a stretch in gaol, perhaps they'll be better by the time I cJirie but.' What his'1 ' line ' was the accused gentleman did not state, : but apparently Premier Reid can flatter himself by the knowledge that at least one citizen has some, hopes of his industry being benefited by the new taxation schemes. ; Returning to the woes of- the sewing women, it. occurs to me that a portion of these maybe caused by other women— especially by the bargain-hunting, womar, who will trudge a mile to secure for 1 If dan article which she could buy next door for Is. The bargain-hunter is a power in the' land, : of course, and the result is that shopkeepers and tradesmen must lower their prices to the bottom limit in order to gain her custom. She cannot be made to understand that what she calls 'cheap goods1' are often the dearest in the long run, and so it occasionally comes to pass that she saves a shil'ing by purchasing cheap food and pays a pound to a doctor to remedy the evils 'such food: invariably occasions. .? .' ?????.??' ?:;',- ??????J/^ :???.;;?,'??'. ???.?_:????: Bargain-hunting is a mania with some women, and a good story exemplifying this is told of a certain lady who arrived home in greaftriumphone day carrying a tremendous brass plate bearing the name of Schwatzenburger on its rusty face. 'What in thunder have you got there, Maria ?'. was the husband's natural exclamation when he saw the treasure dumped on the table. ' Oh, a splendid bargain, John !' replied the proud wife. 'Just fancy, I gave only half a-crown for that plate, and when it was new it must have cost a £.' 'But; what the dence is the good of it to you ?' inquired the anything but joyful John, ' Well, it may not be of any great use just now,' explained the bargain-buying crank, 'but you never know how handy things may come in at times. Now, for instance, you might die soon,- and I might marry a man named Schwartzenberger. and then see how useful that plate would be for us both.' 'Oh, yes, it'll be denied useful to the future Mr. and Mrs. Schwartzenberger I don't think,' snorted the justly-incensed husband; and then taking hold of the ' great bargain' he went and throw it down an 80ft well. It was that lady's sister, or perhaps her maiden aunt, who after inspecting a 5s oleograph asked the seller :' Now, are you quite sure that this \ is a igenuine Rubens?'; , ,'/ Sure !' cried ^he picture; ?dealer. . ' Shemominy; ! you vai^ 9. moment undt I'll prove it, 'liub'em j' -- Yea sir,'' g^id $ beak*' ^nosed, bandy-legged clerk at the back of the store . v.,, ' Who bairited this bicturc '(' 'Me, sir,' replied r Rubens. And then the clever lady planked down her money and smilingly said: 'Thank you, sir ; ' that is satisfactory, of course, but you know one has to be so very careful in buying pictures now a-clays.' ? ? ?? * A New -York paper once made the Carlylean.com- ' inent that a troublesome corn on a royal toe of Eng1' land would change the gait of every society idiot in the States. And then another journal, taking up the parable, pointed out that nothing could be more supremely ridiculous than the sight of a de fiant Republican declaiming against royalty in a coat the fashion of which was set by the Prince of Wales. - '''?? ' It is cheering to find that our old friend 'Tummy' is good for something after all, and therefore, the cablecra:umer .may be excused for wiring to the four corners of the earth the fact that the Prince of Wales ha3 been seriously requested to maintain the peace of Europe and restore confi dence in England by wearing striped silk.waist coats with his evening dress. If his Royal High ness graciously consents to do this every tuft-, hunter and dude and society idiot on the globe will certainly follow suit, and the very first to catch on to the new fad will be the ' defiant democrats ' of : the States. The stylish membahs of our own Labour Party will run a very close second, and it is just possible that the 'sweating'' scandal in our midst ! may be removed by this simple plan suggested to our Coming— precious long time Coming — K. ; ? j Some idea .of; the asinine style in which the Prince's leads are followed by what Rochester , ?w'ould call, ''those d — d antipodes to common sense,' the American dudes, can be guessed from the fact that a leading London. M Johnnie' once cabled- to a; brother ape in New York a message which when delivered read as follows : 'Dust-carls ; are all the style. The Prince of Wales' ha& a beauty. Get one and tell all the dear boys.' Immediately dust-carts became all the rage in. New- York. The office of chief scavenger was besieged by a crowd of young men wearing loose trousers- turned up at the bottoms, and single eye glasses, demanding corporation carts. When these ran out hundreds of private dust-carts were made to order, high-stepping horses were harnessed to them, the dude owners were perched on top seats in front, and the tailboards were adorned by the smartest, of .'tigers' who sat with folded arms in the regulation' Hyde Park style. Some carts ? sported a shovel and a dust-pan and brushes,' and the craze was at its height when, suddenly, like a bolt from the blue, there came another cable from , London saying^-' Beastly mistake made by tele-, graph fellow. For dust-carts reacV f%-carts; Wretched papers here making vulgar fun of you fellows over there.' That was a crusher, of course. The dust-carts, were sold in a lump for firewood, and it is said (though I can scarcely believe it) that even the dudes understood and felt the ridicule heaped upoii thciri that time, and did not show in publicfor quite a month. .'??-,;.,.. ']:?-''; . ' ; ' ?:;. ? ? I —. — ? ? ? ;?;?-:-......: \ I am greatly pleased with the letter of 'A Boy with a Beard' in our last issue, for he puts the evils of our senseless system of ' cramming' tersely before the people, and I fancy he shunts the blame mainly on the right shoulders too when he says* 'Parents are fnainly responsible for the torture inflicted on their children in the matter of home lessons.' . Parents, want to see a quick and large return for their money, and in many cases they get this in the shape of doctors' and undertakers' bills. Personally, so long as my children are healthy and happy, I. don't care a dump if tbey remain in abys inal ignorance all their lifetime concerning the exact date of the Battle of Buttington, and I Avon't disinherit them if they can't tell me to a day how long William with the geranium- coloured head reigned in England either. I'd rather they knew what weight Carbine carried in the ' Cup,' or how long a 71b chunk of. beef should be roasted. The daughter of a friend of inine spent six dreary nights preparing an essay on the French Revolution. When it was finished she was rewaided with an eighteen-periny medal and a six- weeks' attack of brain fever. Throw education (of that class) to the dogs. It will make the dingoes sick and perhaps help you to dodge the dog-tax as well. 1 Grant Allen received £2000 for his fine novel, I' The Tents of Shem,' and in it he truly says, ' The best of all educations is the one you pick up. Those of us who have been to schools and universi ties generally look back upon our wasted time there as the worst-spent part of all our lives. You are crammed there with rubbish you have afterwards to discard.' The first man in our land to-day is Premier Reid , and he recently owned up that he was one of the dullest boys at his school. It was thought necessary to give him a prize Upon one occasion, however, and as there was no one subject with which he had any particular acquaintance, the headmaster solved the difficulty by giving him a prize for ' general profi ciency.' Most of my own school prizes bore the same all-round stamp, and I often regretted that a gold medal was not offered to the boy who juiew which Bathurst gardens contained, the, best water* melons, and the easiest fences to scramble over, or to the young hero who could stick, on. the, backs i of ; .dairyman O'Donnell's calves the longest — when \- O'Donnell wasn't looking, of course. The school mate who succeeded best in after life was one who when he was asked as a boy where Magna Charta ?was signed blurted out, 'Please, sir, it was ^signed at the bottom. '' Then he retired gracefully, and was severely signed with a strap himself. Now 'he is a Mayor, and something of a millionaire as well. 