PORT W A K E F I E L D . A Farewell to Rev. A. D. Bennett. April 12. On Sunday evening last the Rev A. D. Benuett, who has completed his term of three yeirs in the Port Wakefield Circuit prexciieu Iris farewell ^ermon to a large and appreciative congregation in the Weslejan Cliu^ch. The rev gejtleman delivered a most power,i"l and eloquent address on " The Apostolic Eenediction—The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of' God and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." On Wednesday evening a farewell social was tendered the Rev A. D. and Mrs Benneit by the congregation and members of the Christian Endeavor Society. The Lecture Hall was nicely decorated for the occasion, and a number of tables were placed in different part3 of tbe Hall, on which were placed va 1 ious games in which the large number present indulged them- selves for a couple of hours, after which refreshments were handed around. Mr Job Morris (Society Steward and one of the vice-presidents of the Christian Endeavor Society) presented the Wev A. D. Bennett with a framed illuminated address and gold O E. badge on behalf of tbe members of the society. The address read as fo lows . „ ^ T, , Port Wakefield. To the Keverend Au^ostus D. Bennett Reverend and Deir SL\ ' We, the members of the Port Wakefield Christian Endeavor Society, feji we cannot allow you to depart witaout placinj on record oar hearty appre iation of your untiring and zealous la:>oi"s fo our society. You have evei* been assiduous in the disehar e of the various and onerous as president of our Christian Endeavor Society. We prav God to abun 1 ntly bless you, your estimab e wife and family and to crown your labors with great success. Yours in Ch/ist on behalf of (he members EdUh^A Hewett } Vice- presidents Clement E. Hewett, Secretary. April 10th, 1895. Messrs S. S.eep (senior Circuit Steward), A. ^andercxck (Society Steward", and the Misses F. ar.d B. A. Hewett (vice-president C.E. Society) referred in eulogistic Lerms to the work of the recipient and wish *d him and Mrs Bennett a pleasant trip to England aud a safe return. Mr Bennett feelingly acknowledged the unexpected and kind pre'entauons and sentiments, *nd tlien staled the membership of the circuit had bi-ea incroasc-d by SO d'iring his term. An old circuit debt of £100 (8 years old) had b?en reduced by £35. A further debt of £20 that was on the circuit when he look charge was also liquidated an1 he was lea in? a clean balance-sheet for his successor. Port Wakefield Church Tru«t on which the debt had increased from £320 to £350 troru arrears of interest and .current expenses had been reduced to £S£0, and the interest &C.;, was paid to da:e. He then orged all to rally around the t.'ev Grewar and he was sar<\- the goo > work would continue. At'ler singing. «jod be •» 'ih you till we meet again," and prayer by Mr Sandercoc - the meeting closet, hut it was some time before the lights couM be put out. as every- one wai ted to shake hands and say their g«od-by^s and wishes to our late pastor and his wife. 