!*X-BTUNES IN THE CRUCIBLE, ^ 'I'll talk to you all tbe aftanooa'it - . you'll just wait wbUs I emwsibta eome silver,' a refiner said the other afternoon to our reporter who eaued «tpoa him io hb dingy little basement and asked him to n veal some of the interesting features ot Me trade. 'It will only take a few minutes, and ii you care to see tbe operation, eoem along.' The refiner led the way to the h»ok p*rt et the basement when one ot three biir. fur ntcee was seading a pleasant glow tb. asjb the red-hot lid which aimed an opni, -Ta its roof. This lid the rtnaer shond ^i»t. and, paering through tb* opening, i - ? porter saw a etuowle surronnded b\ ? . burning at a yellow beat and filed V. . trembling liquid, In which wen some metal articles whose shape bad Dot yet been en-* ttrsly lost. One was, wry elearly, a small box. Another looked like tbe ghost ota baby's birthday *poon » a third faded away j before theaOno £oM well determine wbai » resembled moat, and then nddenly the: sMol tibsnoon and the eo« va»Uhij,asd: all the orneible eontaiaed was a quart or sa1 oinarUiiig, dancing Uqo«,wiS7^e'; ^bS-^btKJX-^oM1 SS^^walfS^S^ «S this i he in a moment lifted the crndbla fro-, the an and nound its eonteata slowly it.., . larjMtinwaid filled with water. Kje minutes later hie assistant, to whom he left the remateder ot the work, brought to. the front part ot the basement » frying Ban' toU of what, though much brigbtfr, looked like those irregolar ahapad lomiis tl lead whiofasnpsntitrous youeg psople smelt on AU-Hallow'een in the hope of striking the coming true love initial. ' This,' said lha refiner, as be lifted up a handful of it and held it to tbe light from the street, 'is the stiver, anefa aaT«n to the JeweUen. There an about 150 ounce) ?tit then.' ' And before it want into the pot, what was it f' /'.Quite a variety of erticks went to pro duos that lot. Let me see; then wen twi- snuff .boxes, five watoh-oasec, a baby's spoon thrae spectacle oases, two biby mugs, somr mutilated eoin, four medals, aoma famD) plate, supposed to betteding silver, but In reality only plated wars; four chaira. a coople ot finRtr rings and sundry other things which I cannot call to mind. Look in any well-stocked pawn-broker's window and you will get a correct idea of what in the shape of old gold and silver comes to us to be smelted down into merchantable metal. During the talk which the reporter hae with the refiner he learned the* thebuaine^ of oonverting old-fashioned, worn-out an-. broken artioles ol jeweller/ and other manu faetnred fom» ot the pnieious metala int - bullion is a very important induttrv, hard) a large oit; being without iUrefimry. A' the year round the supply ot gold and silvei ware and jewellery keeps ooming into the. places from all parts of tho oonBtry. Evei eity of any importance sends along eonthji ment after consignment of the staff, at.. etOlU seems to he inexhssttmW,aad the. an large and wealthy arms wUtb e- ao » finia«,but-xmn^ tb«B*ei»»i*olelrto- . work^^aowiinnls^ar^s^- j5mw,. .;..,_ .7 ^^^^^^^ disdarUiul toaa of tbt hsad U cdatod »u ? granddanghUr advanoed in her leana. la. ?en yean at most an article of JMmllaty willl have gone out ot fashion, and, however re gretfully, it goee aooaer or later to the re finer's pot. The jewellers, who, next to tbe pawn brokers, an the most aetive caterers for the refiner and dealer, promote the nth-iac d old jewellery whenever an opportnnrty offers, A customer brings in an old watefa to be re paired. In itnminotes the jeweller has per soaded him to part with it tor what its mstai ease will bring as part payment ol a ns* wateh. The sale male, tbe jeweller puts tb. works into a aheap modem case and ads the old eaee to the oolbction ot golden, silverware which he ia making for tb. refiner. This is a profitable tranavsHon fan the jeweller, who generally sails the oomVi nation of old works and new ease at a fin profit. Other things whieb go to the jewel ler's scrap- box an broken jewellery, of parts of sets, worn down finger rings, meiai ? won on the battlefields by soldiers or on th einderpath by amateur athletes, mane, pieoea of gold and silverware of all deaerir tions. A large majority ot the anndeemo1 pledges left in the pawnbroker* hands ar. ruthlessly turned over to the refiner. Tb-- bnlk of the jewellery taken to him i old-fesbioned. It is taken to him tor tbr.- reason, and the loans mads an always has* simply on tbe value ot tot article as old gqlii or silver. They will be even more oldfat hioned by tbe time the pawnbroker ia bee t-- do what he pleases with them. Both he ano Ibe jeweller keep a keen eye open to tbr ehanoe of becoming the possessors of an ' antique' pieoa of wars, but this euta no figure in the dealer's or refiner's calcula tions. All that comes to his net is simply so muoh out of date, unservice able metal. And then is another con sideration whioh keeps his curiosity re gatding bis purchase at a low ebb. Ho oonduots bis business purely upon a 'u'- questions asuea ' oasis, rxe noes nai - - prying here and there for an ini: : ' ? might reveal a clue to a recent »-. ...mi.. tised burglary. He has the highest uothority for bie policy of discretion. The government does business on tbe same plan. It resakes by express Irom anybody who chousst to send it gold and Bilver sine'.. ;u any of ftc mints and aasay oflicet, and it returns fell value for It to tbe name and address given by its customer. It never attempts to go to hind the returns. This is thoroughly wuli understood by thieves, who, having taken the precaution to batter their gold acd silver spoils into shspeleee masses ot metal, iuviri ably treat the mint in preference to private establishments. Iu a oertain New England town a man shot himself. A coroner hearing of the fact, and still in ignorance whell.- r death bad oc curred, eummonod a jury and battened to the place, only to find the man alive. Select ing the nearest ealoou as a waitiog-plsoe, the coroner and bia jury remained there un til tbe man was dead, employing a boy in the neighborhood to keep them informed as to tbe man's condition until he had ceased to breathe, when they proceeded with the in quest. In auother place, tbe body of a drowned man was towed across a mill-pond fi-om one town to another, to save tbe first town, in wbicli the body was found, tha ex penae of inquest fees, Andrew Ducrow (ol Astley'a famoua ' horse opera ' in London) waa noted tor a profound contempt for the literary part of the drama. ' Out the dialeot (dialogue) and come to tbe *otaet,' was bis favorite direc tion. During the rehearsal ot an equestrian piece one morning, alter listening with growing impatience to a Ions, dialogue be tween two 1'nding actors, he at last broke in with : ' Ui^d bard, gentlemen ; hare's a deal of cackle «.:.hout any Rood in it. I'll show ! tou buw iu out 11. You say ? Yield thes, Englishman.' Then yon (indicating the other) ansm-r, ' Never.' Then you say. 'Obstinate Englishman, you die.' Then you both fight*. There, that settles the uinlUr ; the nndiencc will understand you » Hri'R*. (leal belter, and tho poor 'ossei won't j catch cold while you're jawing.' 