CHAPTER=X; The autumn had been ah exceptionally fine.one,-'but the winter that followed it was se'tre'fe in the .extreme. One' gi-edt storrti that winter iueirto'fable—a storm that swept over land, and sod alike, driving fhany a dismasted ship helpless upon the rocks, tear ing giant trees Up by the roots and maklbg the cottages upon bleak hillsides treuibleas with art earthquake’: Perhaps UOwhere did the storm sound.rhOre"awful than in the' old' hduSe' of Danes-dyke rattling .the window panes, | shaking the do'ors^ and making 'stfangb . weird . ihoaningS thfough the long corridors, till the servants Middled together round the kitchen 'lire, 'and whispered that the restless ghost of old Sir' Mannaduke must surely have left the rootin' he had‘haunted so. l'bng, and was creeping, slowly towards them. The timbers id th'e old walls creaked and groaned like living things 'trembling before the fierce voice of the storm, while without the rain dashed with a ceaseless rattle on the Window-pines, and the wind- roared and moaned by turns round the ,hou$e, and rushed among the bending trees, [from which a heavy crash pow and again t'eld of the,damage of br'ok'eii■ boughs and- mighty trees:hurled to the ground. . Clarice had Withdrawn her self JVom her guardian and his mother, and sat .alpne Jn a little morning- room, heti face hidden in her hands,.her whole frame shivering as . each new gust of Wind struck the moan-, ing house, and she thought of Rpllo on the distant sea, per haps helpless at the mercy of such a storm. i It was thes’e thoughts of him tha.t made her long to be alone; that she might sit with hidden face and clasped hands-, pray ing/silently for hiin. .In spite of her fears the storm seemed to have a strange fascination for her, for unable to rest as her terrors- grew stronger, she went to the win dow; and drawing back the blind, strained her eyes to gaze1 into the rain-filled dark riess’beyond: ;; -J This room Was bhepf.t.hefew modern additions to Diiuesdyke It was a light-, prettily decorated apartment,. very unlike the other rooms;' with their low ceilings and black oak carvings and the Window, instead of being small and latticed, was of a .single sheet of plate;glass opening down to theigrohnd.. .... /Thpshutters Wef.e inside, and h a v i ng -'-o.p'ened them Clarice stobd' within the curtains, her face pressed closely against the cold glass; Yet She cbuld see but little; for the sky was covered with the flyirig rain- clouds through which rio gleam of mooti of Starlight could break. Only dimly iii the distance she could see the branches, of the trees waving iti the diirkrleSs,. like the arms bf lost spirits hasten ing to their dbbm; . Suddenly she . drew her bieath more (jitickly With a little Start of surprise, for sure ly in the glboin she saw a dark figure staggering feebly agaiiist the wind towards the window by which she stood, her form, of cdurse, plainly visible to tbdse iri the darkness without. Sluwly- tlie'figufe drew bear er,' ''and' she saw it was the fig-itfe bf a. woriidii: To tio edntinued; 