THE MERCURY. HOBART: WEDNESDAY, NOV. 27, 1895. EPITOME OF NBWB. Tenders close to-day for public works in Bismarck and Mount Nicholas districts, special meeting of the Goa Co. at 11.30 a.m. to-day. Tambo, s.a., towed into Sydooy barbour yesterday. Private trial of starting machine at Elwick racecourse yesterday. A special baptismal service in Chalmers Church this evening. Tasmanian Operative Lodge of Freemasons meets this evening. Ware street mission, cake, and produce fair ana Christmas tree next Wednesday. Mayoral picnic yesterday thoroughly en- joyed by all present. Great fall of earth in Waverley mine, Weldborough. Edward Munday, a miner, killed. Ketch Evelyn, from Melbourne, wrecked on tbo Hummocks on Sunday night. Captain and crow rescued by yacht 'l'usina. - The Early Closing At-aocititlon has had n ' very satisfactory canvass in fayour Df closing all hops at 6 p ni. I ho Rev, Joiieph Parker will conduct tbo usual weekly borvicu in tho Memorial-hall this evening. ' The Tanmanian Poultry and Dog Society'» concert and drawing 13 postponed until Wed- nesday next. ! Primitive Methodist Church meeting this evening. Kov. J. T. 1'ieicay and Mr. Swal welt will deliver addrossus. Drapers and Grocers Assistants' popular concert to-night at Tempt-runce-hall. Good programme. Nominal charge. Chief Justice Dobion upholds contention raised by appellant» against Income Tax Assessments that mining companies should not. pay on prouts over and above dividend*, when such profits are set aside for develop, ment of mines, ,, Aloxandre Dumas uying. Pi ince Henry of Battenburg joins the I Ashantee expedition. Present rulo of the road at sea likely to be cancelled. Anticipated fall in London wool prices. Few entries for coming sales. Completion of Nicaragua Canal estimated to cost t'2B,6U(),(100 Death announced of Jules Barthélémy Saint-Hilaire. ' Cannibalism rampant in tho Solomon Islands. Melbourne oystnr-saloon keeper fined £30 and costs for unlicensed sale of liquor. Decree absoluto granted in the Rogers Pal mer divorce case. R.M.S. Oriziua arrived at Adelaide from London at'J. 10 p.m. yesterday. Czar of Russia has abolished use of the knout a» means of punishment among his peasantry. French treaty powers in Madagascar likely to give rise to objections from other nations. French Minister of Foreign Affairs advo- cates vigor IUH expansion of ti ado under exUting treaty with China. China borrowing tlirtio millions sterling , from England and Gormany, France furious ' at being left out of the deal. 'ino new light for erection at Cape Leeuwin, W.A., is now ready for shipment . from England. Roman Catholic Plenary Council meeting at Sydney celebrated by a conversazione. Governor and suite proicnt. Libel action by ex-Kuilwoy Commissioner* to recover t'3O,0U0 from Argua proprietary amicably settled. ' Deep-sea diving equipment ordered from England to be used for recovery of specie from sunken atcamer Catterthun. Trades Union strikes among ship engineers in Belfast and Glasgow have resulted in Germany getting largo contracts from Japan, '{'ho Porto imploies the Powers hot to insist on placing more guardships in the . Levant. 1 " Briclcfioldor " in Melbourne on Monday. Tlicrmometor up tn 98 in shade and HO in sun. A record of lilli in shade made at one , station. Victorian Agricultural Department send 600 carcases of frozen mutton to Mayor of Manchester for distribution ' among poor of his city. _-,_ THE question1 of the application of the no-liabihty system to companies in general seems to have been determined .in the affirmative in Victoria, not without, of course, some demur and prophecies of woe. After all, it is not ' nearly, so great an innovation as ap- pears at first sight, though it is enough to make such members of the old school as Lord ELDON, for example, turn in their graves, or cause their ghosts to rise and protest. The truth is, that of late years, especially since | the development of mining in these colonies, the public has come to see , that there are many ways of doing busi- ness, and that, in what we may call adventures especially, there is scope for combinations that have not been at- tempted hitherto. The history of the no- liability system, now widely . diffused and very generally adopted, which had its origin in Ballarat, may not be without interest and value at this particular time. For, it the history is rightly understood, it will serve to show that what is regarded as a great innovation is not, after all, more than the recognition of things that used to exist, and the adoption of a method which had been long tried. The mining laws up to the date of the adoption of the new system were intended to make each shareholder bear his p.'portion of the liabilities of a company, but in practice it was found that when a company came to be wound up, the liabilities fell upon only a few. The bulk of the shareholders were either not to be found at all, or they were office boys, clerks and others who had not a penny-piece wherewith to bless themselves, and so those who could pay, and could be made to pay, had to bear the burden of the process called liquidation. And, this was a very pretty process ia its way. The official- liquidator in those days was a very important and prosperous per- sonage indeedrthe mysteries of whose office were many, and whose ways I were decidedly comparable to those of a serpent on a rock, which pass the human understanding. The newspapers of those days used to be filled with columns of notices of com- panies in liquidation, notices of calls on unhappy shareholders, and now and then, rar i liantes in gnrgite vasto, would be a few notices ol' dividends out of the assets. As the business developed, it came to be found by degrees that thore was nothing to liquidate, because the companies appeared to have no shareholders, and thus the liquidator's occupation was gone, and tradesmen discovered that they had been trusting names which were only that and nothing more. Here nnd there, of course, a few innocent ones were pounced upon to pay up. So that it came to be understood that mining was not a thing to be touched by those who had anything to lose, und thus a large quantity of capital was withheld from an industry which, on the whole, returned a fair percentage on the money invested. Then, the question arose whether names were required at all. As practically all the shares came to be in the names of dummies, the proposal was made to use num- bers, and so let everybody know that there was nothing behind to fallback upon. On this hint one newspaper spoke out, and suggested that the law should be made to conform to the fact, that is, that it should be allowed to a company to declare that it was a no liability one, and that the shareholders were not liable for any culls that they did not choose to pay. Such a proposal was, we need hardly say, received with much disapproba- tion. The Melbourne papers, which in those days were particularly virtuous about mining matters as they did not in the least understand them, declared that this was another Ballarat dodge. Tliey would not countenance it in any way, any more than they would have anything to do with the direct railway to Ballarat now made, and they wrote articles which showed that their in- tentions were better than their argu- ments. Learned judges shook their heads. Even some gold-fields papers at first regarded the proposal as a monstrous attempt to legally swindle the tradespeople, quite forgetting that the dummy system, then universal, had converted the whole of mining business into one vast, admitted and daily swindle. Some time elapsed, we forget just how long, but a year or two, when a popular gold-fields rcetnbor introduced the subject into the L°gMative Assembly, and it was then found that everybody had been converted. While persons and papers had ,been screaming, "I will, 'ne'er consent," they had consented, and the Leginlature was able' at once to per- ceive that it was desirable to bring the law in accordance with the facts. The people knew what, they wanted, and they got what they wanted in spite of the law, so that it was, clearly, desirable to make the law agree with the universal practice. Practical experience has shown that the Victorian Legislature was wise, and it is now occupied in considering whether the same principle may not be extended to other companies besides mining. The decision is, in effect, that it may be with safety and ad- vantage. As a matter of fact there are companies in which persons pay as long as they please and no longer, nor does there appear to be any reason why the principle should not be ex tended. There is no danger that any one will suffer. A company known to be a no-liability one will only get credit to the extent of its actual means, and if it should get more and should not pay, then the tradesmen can have only themselves to blame. It hits been argued that a company may fail solely because there is DO power to make unwilling share- holders pay up, but we apprehend that this is a matter to be decided by the shareholders themselves. If they so far distrust the venture that they will pay no more into it, no one' can have a right to compel them to take a risk to which they object, and it is always open to the public to buy the shares when they are forfeited and put put upon the market. On the whole, there does not appear to be any sound reason why this no-liability principle should not be extended, as it may stimulate many enterprises and i can do no harm.' The experience of* I Victoria will be of value to the whole j world besides. IT can never be forgotten how tim massacre of the saintly Bishop Patter- son, on an island in the Melanesian Group, near to the island ou which Commodore Goodenough hadpreviously been, killed, has been attributed to the fact that he, when he landed in his surplice, was mistaken for SOUIP traders, who had landed beforehiro, dressed in a similar garb, and suffered the penalty for their misdeeds. The like thing seems to be going on iu the sumo locality at the present day, for trading and missionary work are still continued there side_ by side, under British pi o tection, ' with a very similar result to the unfortunate resident missionary, the Rev. Mr. Forrest, though his life had not, when the Orlando was last at the place, paid the penalty for his temerity in persisting in carryingonhisworkundersuch condi- tions. Mr. Forrest infoimed the Admiral that the natives of the island, though he had lived with them nearly nine years, were beginning to show bim signs of disfavour, shooting arrows at him by day and night, so that he actually went about with his life in his hands. The Admiral landed in fot ce and held a formal palaver with the natives, who were informed of the con- sequences which would ensue if they molested either the missionaries or European traders, the two being classed together in this fashion, quite excusing the unfortunate natives it they in their turn grow to mix the_ one with the other, and visit on the innocent clerics the offences which kidnapping masters of labour vessels commit on occasion if .report is to be believed. Mr. Forrest went back to his work, it must be sup- posed, at least this time with Ins eyes open, and if he suffers martyr- dom it will be because lie bus braved it for the cause ho labours for, and for the untoward sur- roundings which he cannot influence. This is the greatest problem w hieb the missionary societies nave to face ; and though they may still believe that the " blond of the martyrs is the seed of the Church," they can hat dry supple- ment such a doctrine by asking that this seed shall be watered by rivers of native blood, poured out by British seamen in revenge for the outrages on their slaughtered countrymen, if that is to be the addendum to modern martyrdom the missionaries had better retire, and leave the savage to deal with the trader on his own level, and with his own weapons, V ithout any such subsequent interference by the naval authorities. THERE is a manifest falling off in the number of children horn in Tasmania. Tlie complete decennial; retorna for the period extending froui.1880 to 1894'have beçn issued by the Govern- ment Statistician in his new volume of statistics of the colony, and his figures are irrefutable. The population for 1894 is set down at 155,940 as compared with 153,784 in the previous year, but the birth rate per 1,000 of population, which shows an average of ,')3'92 for the decennial period, was only 31*11 in 1894, as compared with 33'92 in 1893, and is absolutely lower than in any previous year of the decennial ppriod, notwith- standing the increase of people. The birth-rate per 1,000 runs thus for the ten years under review - 1885 -36' l8 ; 1886-35'47 ; 1887- 35 40 ; 1888-34'83 ; 1889-33 92 ; 1890 33'49 ; 1891-33'37 ; 1892-32*47 ; 1893-3392 ; 1894-31*11. In the chief urban dis- tricts the decreaso is very marked. The decennial average for Hobart was 1,084 per annum, ond for Launceston 735. The actual births in Hobart during 1894 totalled 1,034, and in Launceston 712\. the lowest totals since 1886, when Hobart add"d 1,108 units to the popu- lation and Launceston 712, the popula- tion of the whole colony then being but 130,442. In the country "districts there is also a falling off, the North Western alone showing an increase of 11. The yearly average for the decennial period was 3,010. but in 1894 the births only numbered 3,106 as compared with 3.205 in 1893. The monthly returns for the current year also show a decrease in births, both in urban and country districts, with only here and there an exception. .Thus, fur instance, the re- turn for October gives the following comparisons. Hobart and Launceston show a decrease of 5 births as'com Íiared with the corresponding month ast year, and a decrease of 19*2 as compared with the average of births registered in October during the last five-yearly period. The _ country dis- tricts show an aggregate increase of 49 births compared with those enumerated in October, 1894, but this is almost the only prominent exception in the yean record, _ Malthus gives as chief among causes limiting increase of population the two evils, want of room and want of food, but neither of these can apply in Tasmania, where the lund lies waste for want of people, and food, if not in Ërofusiqn, at lensb suffices for all men. '.erein is cause for reflection. Are we becoming a community of oldsters and imbeciles, or is the fashion of the world, as in the time of St. Paul, again passing away 1 MADAGASCAR has practically been annexed by the French nation. The process is not called by that name. It is spoken of, with a certain amount of kindly sentiment, BR the establishment of a protectorate, but practically every- thing essentially native is annihilated, from the Fremier downwards. The Queen is certainly to be allowed to retain her titular po»'er, but that is all,_ Army, police, Customs, and other ruling powers are all to be French, and, in fact, w hat colonising has hitherto meant in French hands elsewhere is simply to be repeated in Madagascar. A vast army of .officials will be in- stalled, Frenchmen who think the posts offered them are «"orth accept- ance under the circumstances, and who accept exile with more or less gruinMing at Dame Fortune for treat- ing them so scurvily. But of a general influx of French population there will be nohe,_and ns a result there will be no colonising in the truse sense of the word, as the British know it for in- stance, only _ a committal of native affairs to foreign hands in the hope of directing local trade into the channel of the nation to which those hands belong. Tim is the process which has been seen elsewhere, where the French flag has been planted. This is the process which had in fact been set on foot in Madagascar itself before the late war, and which was making such slow pro- gress in face of the opposition of the Hoyas. This is the process, too, the continuation of which is the gravest menace to the future peace of the island, the iron heel being unmitigated by any of the benevolent agencies which foreign administration uses in other lands to back up and support its arms, and to reconcile the conquered race to new arrangements. Without a general influx of population represent- ing the French nation, Madagascar will remain very much on thesame general level as before, excepting only the greater ability of the ruling power, to make itself felt in native questions, and this will certainly not tend,to recouciie the Hovas who are left to bowing beneath the orders of the con- querors, and their representatives, VICE RFGAL.-HisEx ellenoytbeGovernor and Viscounti'ss Gol mansion, attended hy Mr. ¿I lex inder Rawlinson, Piivsto Secretory, lett Hobart by express train yesterday morning, in ord-r 'o bu pn sent at tho meet in« of the United Australasian Axemen's Association, which tultos place at Ulv. rit to-day. Their Excellencies intend to sfay tho night at the Si-a-View Hotel, West ^Jevonpurt, and will proved thtnee on a short trip along the North-West CoaBt to the Penguin uncí on to Km« Biy, iu company with Sir Er]«ard and Lady Kraddon, re- turning on Finlay night to Dovonport und IMLIT to Hobart hy ih« express on Saturday n'ntht. Mr. Rawlinson proceeds to Mo ihourno hy Ihft Coopee on Thursday, return- ing in tho crurso of next vvcik iu company with Lord Gorniauslon's eldest son, ti'o Hjn.. Jfiiico Prtston, who is expected to arrive from England in the Oceana. . QUEENSTOWN ÍMrnovKMKVTS -Thapeoole of Qurenituwn have »ritten the Minister of Lands formally thanking him for complying with their request as to the openiug up ot new streets and roads. ' LYNCHKOKO-ROAD,-Thi> Minist»rof Lands has sanetinued the exp*nditnre of £25 ia repairing bud places on th« Lvncbford-iOid, that sum being considired sufficient. t MOUNT LYELL-The Mount Lyell Co, have written thanking the Minister of Lands for his prompt action in allowina residence areas in their township to be allotted to their employees by ballot. TUB HOAD TO TUE SHIINOS -On Monday 20 prisoners were installed in the quarters recently erected below the Springs. These will be employed during the next fivo months in making the road to the Bpriogs recently surveyed by the officer« of the Government, A TRIP TO RURAL SCENES,-The s s. Lottah will make an excursion this after- noon to South Arm. Good fishing is promised, and the »dvertiaement poetically intimates that the rural scenes in that locality should tempt the busy crowd. THE FIRST or THE SEASON.-In cnneo. tion with the tirst excursion of the season to Eaglehawk Neok, which will be made on Friday next by the s.s. Nubeena, a guide to Tttsman's Arch and the Blowhole will be provided. A MOONLIGHT TRIP.-The s.s. Nubeena will make a moonlight excursion to South Arm, Under the auxpie.es of the T.R.R. Kidd Club, to-moi evening, The Gar- rison liud "'ill be ou rd. ZEBIIAN AND DIHDA6 BRASS BAND.-Our Zeehan correspondent writes ¡- "The Z .elian and Dundas Band left fnr the N. VV. Count on the Vilrd inst. to take p:rt in thu content be- tween country hands at Ulverstone, Uley have been practising assiduously for.onmu time, and if th>y do not win they should a*, least give a good account of themselves." CONCERT AND DRAMATIC RECITAL.-Bo minder is given of the eut rtamircut to be held in the Synod hall to-morrow evening in aid of the fonds of St. David's Mission Church, Campbell-street, programmes of which arc now obtainable at tho places stated in advertisement. Oh J and half adozen tins IXL JAM. AN EXACT CALCULATION.-Boat & Co. calculate to make (54 costumes more in ad- dition to the orders already promised for Xmas. Who will bo amone the fortunate 61 ladies to possess a costume made by one of the best artists in the city? And the price of either a Cotton or Wool Dress ia rl dicukmsly cheap at Manchester House. CiTV POLIO* Conni- Before Mr. B Shaw, S.M., and R. Westbrook, J.P., yester- day, Alfred Lewis, Thai. Williams, James Davis, and Fred«. Sherrin, wero each fined Is. for allowing cattle to stray. William AUsobronk, licensee of the White Pheasant Hotel, Goulburo-atreajt, waa ch'rged with being drank in bia own, house. He pleadvoV guilty, and expréWd oontrition for his ml' hehaviour. Fined £1, and ordered to pay oosts; iu dt-fiult, seven duys. Arthur Blackmore, pleaded not guilty to stealing a garden lion« from Mr. Justice Dodd«. The evidenoH showed that Blackmore left tho hose tor sale by auction with Mr. J, W. Abbott. It wa« taken parseraion of by tho police, and was identifie i «s ihe property of Judge Dodd». Doteciive Franklin and Sergeant Higgins gave ovuiouco »a to fi mi- ine put of the hone at Blaekm re's house. The charge was proved, and as thora were several previous convictions »gainst aaouted he waa sentencud to six months' iniprUon mont. HUONVILLE POLICE COURT.-On Monday, 25 th inst., before Messrs. H. L. Crowther, S.M., John Skinner, und C. J. Frankcomb, Js.P., William Fletcher, of Upper Huon, was charged an information with using insulting language to Constable Lisson in a public place at Huonville on the l6th inst. Defendant pleaded not guilty, and was de- fended by Mr. A. J. Frankcomb. Constable Lisson gave evidence that he was on duty near the Picoio Hotel on the 10th inst., and the defendant said " What about a horse being on the reserve," The constable re- plied that as long as the horse was not straying it was right enough. Defendant then accused witness of not doing his duty in cautioning people about stray cattle, and used abusive language. Defendant denied this imputation, except that he called the constable a sneak for allowing one man to run his horse on the reserve, and summoning others. The Bench, after consultation, said that a difference of opinion existed, and the case must therefore be dismissed. , POT AL t-'ocurr'a MRKTINO,-Mr. Nat. Oldham desires to state that the, elides ho exhibited by limelight at the Royal Society'» meeting ob Monday evening were all made and supplied by Mr. J. W. Beattie oi Wellington Bridge. _ MEETING- AT NEW TOWN.-A public meet- ing is to be held at tho Tumplara'-hall, New Town, on Friday next, 29th inst., under tho auspices of the New Town To .vu Board, who have for some time past been consider- ing the advisability of erecting public build- ings, to include asaembly und concert-hail, library, reading and committee-rooms for this fast growing and popular «uhurb. The members of thi Board hope that the rate- payers will do all in their power to enoourage the efforts to provide a long-felt want ia New Town. The absence, of a conveuiently arranged place for entertainments and public meetings has been felt for many years patt, and as the building ia to include library and free reading-rooms, as well as other up-to date conveniences, the requirements of the people will bo fully met by the proposed sóbeme. DIOCESAN SUNDAY-SCHOOL ASSOCIATION. A meeting oi this asaociation (Southern archdeaconry) was held last evening ia the Synodha'l, the Rev. H. Edwards bomg voted to the chair. After some discussion it was decided to bold tho meetings quarterly io a different parish eaoh time, tho next one to be bold at 'ot. Georges, Battery Poiut, in March next. The resignation of the han. seoretary (Rev. H. Root) was accepted, and Messrs. A. Eckford and Hedloy Westbrook were elected joint secretaries. The meeting olosed with the. benediction. The following a.ihoúls h tve joined tho association : -Sandy Bay, St. George's, St. David's, St. John the Baptist, New l'own and Bellerive. TEUPKKANCK-HALL.-A salo of gift?, fauoy goods, produoo, etc., »ill be hold in the Temperance-hall on Thursday next, when articles suitable for Xmas presuuts, etc., will bo offered at reasonable terms. The proacods aro in aid of the effort to reduce i.he dtbt remaining on the hall. Several friends have promised vocal and instrum ntal muMo, eto. THE HOME RULE QUESTION.—Mr. Alfred Webb, an active member of the Irish party, and until recently representing East Waterford in the House of Commons, has been, with his wife, sojourning in Tasmania for several weeks, visiting those parts of the colony which have a special interest for Irishmen owing to their association with the exiles of '48, the last and most interesting visit being to Maria Island, where Mr. Smith O'Brien was detained. At the request of several local friends, Mr. Webb has consented, while here, to give a short address on the present aspect of the Home Rule Qustion, which will take place at St. Mary's schoolroom to-morrow evening. The address will be quite an informal one, and there will be no charge for admission. CONCERT AT NEW TOWN.-Late evening a concHi t waa given in the Wcsleyau school room, New Town, promoted by a few ladies resident there, an a mema of aiding an indigent aged couple, There was a good attendance, and the programme was excellent in every point and keenly appreciated. Ihoso who took pirt w-rc- Signorioa Mus ohialli, Misses M. and E. Seager, Howell and Barlow, Archdeacon Whitington, and Messrs. N. Brownell, E, Macnamara, W. E. Fordor, T. A. O'Brien and E. Andrewartha, with FI>rr Buck as accompanist. Encores wore frequeut aud good-naturedly complied' with. ÜNTERTAINMENT AT AVOCA.- Our corre epondent writes :-"The tableaux and con- cert given on Saturday, 23rd inst,, in aid of the Hoiing Day hparti, proxed highly suc- cessful, both in a tiuuncial und artistio point of view. The nffdr was undor tho able management of Mr. li. W. Cannon, of Launceston, who has the knaok of trins mm ¡og into gems the efforts of himself and 'company under him, and many a prolofsinnal hua to play second fiddle when Mr. Cannon puts forth his dramatic or vocalistiu power» . Tho following Indies and gentlemen rendered valuable assistance in tho evening's enter taiumout :-The Misses Raake, NaMcy Foster, MoCarthy, Rulieaach -, Messrs Fitz- patrick, Malkin, Massey, Browa, Nc-m'ick, and several of the State school children. Much of thesuccesB of the tableaux wai duo to Miss Annie Foster, who superintended this part of the p-rfoi maneo." , CRICKET ASSOCIATION BALL.-Under the (patron ig-t of His Excellency tha Governor and Lady Gormanston, Sir Lun.bart und Lady Dobion, etc., the Cricket Association will give a ball in thu Town-hall on Thurs- day next in aid of its funds. Tickets aro obtainable from Messrs. Walch, Hood, and A. P. Miller. BIG STKAWJIERRIES.-We of ton hear of tho big or the " diopsioal" gooseberry, aud some- times thero is brought io the odio i of The Mercury one or two epeolmons of phenome- nally largo turnips only to be ocipsud by the une which, according to Dib liu'u innt!, tho Scotchman drojnH of, bucyaslerduy a basket of big strawberries was brought for our inspection and delectation, boing a sample of a lot grown on a tino patoh hy Mr. Leslie Murdoch at Murrayfield, Glen- orchy. Thoy were quite au large as nomo varieties of p-arr, and even hrgcr, whilst they bad a delicious taste. Mr. Murdoch omitted ts mention the varie y, but left word that they wore ooly a fair sample of « lot of 40qts packed yesterday morning. He certainly deserves to be congratulated upon his success in growing euoh fino and delicious fruit. How VICTORIA DOES IT -As repeatedly pointed out in the Tasmanian Assembly, the Victoria* Government ia doing ail it o»n to foster the producing interest. The Au&lral; oman fays :-" Mr. James Sinclair, who goes to Lot don as tho Guvernmant npre tentative to inok after the interests of Victorian producers, left for England on Tuesday, the 19th, in the s.a. Yarrawonga, of Lund's line, which i« taking away a large consignment of froziri meat, rabbit», poultry and egg«. His first mission iu London will be to inquire into the couditi'n in winch butter shipped from here is lauded, and the methods by winch it is placprl on the London market and Bold, Ho will also en- deavour to ascertain why the shipments of honey Bent from here some months ago were regaided with euoh ill-favour by London buyers. It is known that too of the principal complaints was the leaky tins in which the honey was exported, and that the peculiar flavour some Victorian honey had, par- ticularly that sont from Gippsland, waa another cause for the low prices realised. The meat export trado and the fruit trade will likewise receive careful attontion at his hands. Reports on these different m.tiers will be forwarded by him every month to the Minister of Agriculture, who will have published such portions ci thom as might seem judicious, a« Mr, Sinclair may muk o suggestions for reforms whieli ii ni >y not be advisable to immediately duelos?. i'he?i portions of the reporte will he «on^rim-d hy ' tim Cabinet, and it is expected the Premier will muko leference to Hum m coonee ion with the écheme whieh he hopes to lay be- fore tho Legislative Asm-mblv next session [for the reform of the Agent GOUCH nie office iu London," IXL JAMS-the Best in the world, .'KEATINQ'S POWDER' doslroys BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other liibccU, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating Beetles tho HUCCCHH of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application. Seo the article you pur chano is " HEATING'S, i.e., with the sik- namre THOMAS KEATING on each Un, as imitation» are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in TUB, 8d, and la. each by.all cbomiaU. . .. 