cohepeeite STOSY. pro- Fxnsx rraLisuzD ] At the Dip of ti liU] BBS. K0LE3W0ETS, Author of "Sir Bahj," "Gairotv' &c.;, &c.; [Ail QtnxxstAXD lUairrs Rssesyed.] Have I ever scm a ghost ? I do cot know. That fa the only reply I can truthfully make to the question nowadays eo often asked. And sometimes, if inquirers care to hear more X go ou to tell them the one experience which, makes it impossible for me to reply positively either in the affirmative or negative, and re stricts me to " I do not know." This was the story. I was staying with relatives in the country, j not a very isolated or out-of- the-way part of j the world, and yet rather inconvenient of ac cess by the railway, for the nearest railway ! station was six miles oft. Though the family I was visiting were nearly connected with me, I did not know much of their home' or its neighbourhood, as the head of the house, an uncle of mino by marriage, had onlr come into the property a year or two previously to the j date of which I am writing, through the death of an older brother. It was a nice place, a good comfortable old house, a prosperous satisfactory estate. Every thing about it was in good order, from the fanners, who • always paid their rents, to the shooting, which was always good, from the vineries^ which were noted, to the woods, where the earliest primroses in ull the countryside were yearly to be found. And my uncle and aunt and their family de served these pleasant things and made a* good use of them. But there was a touch of the commonplace about it all. There was nothing picturesque or romantic. The country was Sat, though textile, the house, though old, . was conveniently modern in its arrangements, airy, cheery, and bright. "Not even a ghost, or the shadow of one," I remember saying one day with a faint grumble. "Ah, well—as to that," said my uncle, •"'perhaps we " but just then something interrupted liim, audi forgot his unfinished speech. Into the happy parly, of which, for the time being, I was one, there fell one morning a sudden thunderbolt of calamity. The post brought news of the alannuig illness of the eldest daughter—Frances, married a year or two before, and living, as the crow flies, at no very great distance. But as the crow flies, is not always as the railroad runs, and to reach the Aldwyn's homo from Fawns Court, my nude's place, was a (duplicated business—it was scarcely possible to go and return in a day. "Ganone of you come over?" wrote the young husband. 4; She is already out of danger, but longing to see her mother or one of you. She fa worrying about the baby"—a child of a few mouths old—"and wishing for nurse." We looked at each other. "Nurse must go at once," said my uncle to j me, as the oldest of the party. "Perhaps I should here say that I am a widow, though not old, aud with no close tics or responsibilities. "But for your aunt it fa impossible." " Quite so," I agreed. For she was at the moment painfully lamed by rheumatism. "Aud the other girls are almost too young at such a crisis," uiy uncle continued. " Would you, Charlotte " and he hesitated. "It would be such a comfort to have personal news of her." " Of course I will go," I said. "Nurse and I can start at once. I will leave her there, and return alone, to givo you, I have no doubt, better news, of jxjor Fronde." He was full ot gratitude. So were they alL "Don't huny back to-night," said my uuelc. "Stay till—till Monday, if yotrtike." But I could not promise. I knew they would be glad of news at once, and in a small house like my cousin's, at such a time, an inmate more might be Iucoavenient. " I will try to return to-night," I said, and as I sprang into the carriage. I added, "Send to Moore to meet the last tnun unless I tele graph to the coutrary." My uncle nodded, ihe boys called after me. " All right," the old butler bowed assent, and I was satfaiicd. Nurse and I reached our journey's end promptly, considering the four or five junctions at which we had to change carriage. But on the whole " going" " the trams fitted astonishingly. We found Frances better, delighted to see us, eager far news of her mother, and finally dis posed to sleep peacefully now that she knew that there was an experienced person in charge. And both she and her husband thanked me so much that I felt ashamed of the little I had done* Mr. Aldwyu begged mo to stay rill Monday, 1 at the house "was' upset, and I WR5 eager to ccrzy back my gocd tidings. ilThey are meeting me at Moora by the last train," I said. "So, thank yon, I think.it is be>t to go." 44 You will hare an uncomfortable journey," he replied. %tIt is Saturday, and the trains will be late, and the stations crowded with the market people. It will be horrid for yon, . Charlotte." But I persisted. It was rather horrid. And it was queer. There was a aort of uncanny ecrincs* about that Saturday evening x journey that I have never forgotten. The season was very early spring. It was not very cold, but chilly and ungcuial. And there was such an odd sort of people about. X travelled second-class, for I am cot rich, and I am very independent. I did not want my uncle to pay my fare, for I hired the feeling of rendering him some small service la return for his steady kindness to me. The first stage of my journey was performed in the company of two old naturalists travel ling to Scotland to look for some small pLmfc which was to be found only in one spot in the Highlands. This I gathered from their talk to each other. You never saw two such extra ordinary creatures as they were. They both wore black kid gloves much too largo for*them, * and the ends of the fingers wared about like feathers. Then followed two or three short transits, interspersed with weary waitings at stations. The last of these was the worst, and teutalhdug too. for by thi3 time I was within a few raibs* of Moore. The station was crowded with rough folk, all, it seemed to me, more or less tipsy. So I took refuge in a dark waiting roozn on the small side line by which I was to proceed, where I felt I might have been robbed and murdered and 110 one the wiser. But st last came my slow little train, and in I jumped, to jump out again still more joy fully some fifteen minutes later when we drew up at Moore. I peered about for the carriage. It was not to be seen; only two or three tascarts or dog carts, farmers* vehicles, standing about, while their owners, it was easy to hear, were drinking far more than was good for them in the tap room of the Unicorn. Thence, nevertheless— not to the taproom, bat to the front of the inn —I made my way, though not undismayed by the shouts and roars breaking the stillness of the quiet night. " Was the Fawne Court carriage not here ? " I asked. The landlady was a good-natured woman, especially cavil to any member of the Court fiiniily. Bat she shook her head. "So, no carriage had been down to-day. There must have been some mistake." There was nothing for it bat to wait till she could somehow or other disinter a fiy and a horse, and, worst of all, a driver. For the. €,incn** she had to call were all rather— u we!!, ma'am, you fee it's Saturday night. Wo weren't expecting anyone." . And when the fly. after half an hour, at last emerged, my heart almost failed me. Even before he drove out of the yard it was very plain that if ever we reached Fawne Court alive it would certainly be mere thanks to good luck than to the driver's management. But the horse was old uuf the man had a \- Bert of instinct about him. Wc got on all right till we were more" than half way to our journey's end. The road was straight end the moonlight blight, especially ufter we had p<tKsed a certain corner, and got well out of the rimde of the trees which skirted the first part of tho way. Just past this turn there camo a dip in the toad. It went down, down, down gradually, for a quarter of a mile or more, and I looked up anxiously, fearful of the torso taking ad vantage of the elope. Bnt no, he jogged on, if possible mere slowly than before, though new terrors assailed me when I \w that tlio driver v'a s now fast asleep, liis In ad swaying from side * to ride with extrturdhmrr regularity. After a lit I grew easier again; he seemed to keep hi? equilibrium, and I looked out at the side window with some interest on thcmooa-f.oaded landscape. I had never seen brighter moon light. Suddenly, from out of the intense stillness and loneliness a figure, a human figure, becamo visible. It was that of a man, a young and active man running along the footpath a few feet to our left, apparently from some whim keeping pace with the fly.. Sly first feeling was of satisfaction that f was not alone, at the tender mercies of my stupefied charioteer. Bat as I gazed, a flight misgiving camo over me. "Who could it bo running along this lonely read so late, and what was hi* motive in keeping up with us so hteadily ? It almost seemed as if he had been waiting for us, yet that, of course, was impossible. He was not very higkwar rnan-Iics certainly; he was well dresse — ally dressed; that is to say, like r. superior gamekeeper—His figure u na remarkably good, taHaiid slight, end he ran gracefully. But there was something queer about him, end suddenly the etirio-ity that had mingled in ray , observation of him, was entirely submerged in : alarm when I saw as he ran he was slowly but steadily drawing nearer and nearer to the ! \- ''Iti another moment lis will be opening the door, and jumping in," I thought, and I glanced before rnc only to FC3 that the driver was more hopelessly asleep than before; there was no chance of his hearing if I called cut And get out I could not without attracting the strange runner's attention, for cs ill-lack would have it the window was drawn up on the right sido, and I could not open the door with out rattling the glass. "While, worse and worse, the left hand, window was down I Even that slight protection was wanting. I looked out once more. By this time the figure was doso to the fly. Then on arm was Wretched out and laid along the edge of the door, as if preparatory to opening it, and then for the first time I saw his face. - It was a young face, but terribly, horribly pale and ghastly, and the eyes—all whs visible in the moonlight—hadancxprcerionsuchoslkad never seen before or since. It terrified me, though afterwards ou recalling it, it stoned to me that it might have been more a look of agonised appeal than of menace of any kind. I cowered back iDto my comer and shut my eyes, feigning sleep. It was the only idea that .occurred to me. JJr heart was beating like £ sledge hammer. All sorts cl thought* rushed through me; among them I remember saying to myself, u He must be un escaped lunatic— Us eyes are so awfully wild." How long I sat thus 1 do not know—"whenever I dared to glance out furtively he was still there. But all at cncc a strange feeling of relief esmc over me. I sat up—yes, he was gone! And though, as I teak courage, I leant oat and looked rcund in every direction, i:ot a trace of bim was to be seen, though the mad and fields were bare and dear for a long distance round. "When I got to Fawne Court I had to wake tbo lodgeieepcr—everyone was asleep. But toy uncle wu* still up, though not expecting me, and very distressed he was at the mistake about tho carriage. "However," he concluded, "all's well that ends well, it's delightful to have your good items. But you look sadly pale and tired, Charlotte." * Then I told him o? my fright—it seemed now so foolish of me, I said. But my uncle did not Mnilc—on the contrary. ,A My dear," he eaid, "it sounds very like our ghost, though, of course, it may have been only one of the keepers." IIo told ine the stoiy. Many years ago, in his grandfather's time, a young and favourite gamekeeper had been found dead in a field skirting the road down there. There was no sign of violence upon the body ; it was never explained what had killed him. But he had had in his charge a watch—a very valuable one —which his master, for some reason or other, had handed to him U> take home to the house, not wishing to keep it on linn. And when the body was found kite that night the wntch was not ou it. Since then, to the story goo.-?, on a "moonlight night the spirit of the poor fellow haunt* the root It ifl supposed that he wants to tell what had become of bis master's watch, which was never found. Bat no one has ever hud courage to address him. " He never comes further than the dip iu the road," said my uncle. "If you had spoken to bim, Charlotte, I wonder if he would have told you his secret." He spoke half laughingly, bat I have never quite forgiven myself for my cowardice. It k yfis tho look in those eyes. 