MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. The Strand Magazine for July is to be commended for variety-a good supply of action, numerous illustrations, and well written sketch articles. Tiction is supplied by Conan Doyle and Mrs. Meade and Clifford Halifax (in conjunction). Sir Edward Bnrne Jones and bis art are discussed by Mrs. Meade, and the photographer gives repro ductions of some of the weird women he loves to paint. Mrs. Meade tells as that Sir Edward has been a hard fighter on the side of Truth against Sham a, a eaying that would . bare some meaning if one only knew what artists mean by Truth. Centenarians must *. be fairly numerous to have an article written about them and their portraits given. At the fuensus of 1891 the oldest person then living t'-. In England was 113. The men and women .:v. tfbo attein.extreme longevity usually belong to the quiet and obscure ranks of life, '. perhaps necessarily bo, and it is interesting that tfciey are almost invariably ? Mrs," Mary North, aged 105, is the person^-living in England just now, i$ll% Mary Ifewton is neatly as old. Mr. WBtfjppKes gossip about Parliament, and ^j^^UiiamFiteserald describes the agencies w^SSb»ew" is furnished to the news telegraph wire. One of e$M J^pera "depicts some re " cteea, built on architeo with the abdication of her husband, found bcr in bed just awake. Embarrassed in Hie presence of such great misfortune, he lowered his gaze, too respectful to seem to observe on the lace of his Sovereign the effects of the sad message. The bare feet of the Empress were visible from under the blankets. Marie Louise, after a few momenta, glancing from the document to the bearer, noticed his downcast eyes, and her first words were 'Ah, you were looking at my foot. Indeed, I have always been told that is a pretty one.'" There is a pretty story by Mr. Crockett, an idyll of the farm-yard. Mr. Robert S. Hickens gives his fancy a loose rein in writing " Reincarnation," telling how a cat sent too soon to her account comes back a woman, with catlike habits, who after a career of love and domestic life, revenges her taking off, and vanishes for good to the land of ghosts. Under the title of " The Follies of Fashion," Louisa Parr discourses upon dancing as it obtained in the last century and the early years of this century, and the text is illustrated with some quaint drawings. Some of the costumes worn by the ladies of 130 years ago would in our time pass for night-gowns a little short in the skirt. Mr. Grant Allen discourses upon Italian art, and with the aid of drawings un dertakes to explain the stages by which the idea of the Virgin and Child underwent de velopment at the hands of Lippi, Botticelli, Correggio, and Perugino, until llaffael made it sublime. The selections from (he poets which Mr. Stead is issuing from the Review of Reviews office at a penny each are being bound up together, And published in shilling volumes. To us has been Bent Vol. 1 of the "Master piece Library," containing Mr. Stead's selec tions from Macaulay, Scott, Byron, snd Lowell. Macaulay is represented by hia "Lays," Scott by "Marmion," Byron by the first and second cantos of "Childe Harold" (though the third is usually accounted the best), and bits from "Don Juan," "The Giaour," kc. Upon- James Russell Lowell Mr. Stead bestows the distinction of a com* mentary. In his serious pieces Lowell ex pressed the sentiments and feelings of an undenominational Puritan. It was just euch poetry that commended itself to the yearning mind of Mr. Stead during boyhood and youth. He, therefore, tells us how each piece affected him, how it opened up vistas for him. how it cheered him for the quest of the holy grail he afterwards pursued through journalism. To persons of like temperarcent to Mr. Stead the commen tary will seem instructive and inspiring. To other minds it will be repelling, for all people do not like to have their poetry explained to them as they stand by their grandmother's knee. With the books and booklets are b?ing issued lithograph reproductions of paintings and photographs of the masters whose poems are being printed. The fault they have is one often noted in enlarged photographs-all the "character lines have been smoothed out of them till the faces acquire a softened look which does not do justice to the masculine features. 