SfOBIMHT; £OB The Nihilist's Doom. By J. E. MUDDOCK, P.R.G.S. ftnthor of 'From the Bosom of the | Deep,' 'The Dead Man's Secret,' Sec, &c; The Story Eighteen Tears Afterwards. CHAPTER SIX.— -Continued.) I It must not be supposed that during I all ithis time that the mission -which I had taken Joseph Courrettie to Russia I was abandoned. _ On the contrary, the I plans of a deep aad terrible conspiracy I were being silently but surely ma I tared, and Joseph learned, a little from I Solomon, and learned also that when I the time came he might be called up I on to take an active part. But what I Ms part was -to be he knew not, and I he Chafed under the suspense and I fretted at the inactivity he was com I pelled to endure. During the time he I had been in Russia he had gained a I great deal of information, for he was I naturally of an inquiring turn of mind, I and he saw with his eyes and judged I for himself. The result was that he I came to understand how it -was that I men sought to bring about a social up I hearal in the country, where barbar I ism, injustice, cruelty, and corruption I were rampant; and infamous laws I pressed upon the toiling millions lite I yokes of iron, grinding into their very I souls and embittering their lives. The result of all this was that' the cause which he had at first espoused, sim ply as one uninterested, but for the eafee of finding diversion for his thoughts, came to be viewed t-y him in a totally different light. He was no longer an uninterested actor, but deeply absorbed in the great drama that was being played, and in which he now longed to take a prominent part. In fact, he resolved that he would not long be a subordinate, but a leader. He was animated by a 6pirit of enthusiasm, and he desired to throw himself into the breach, and [ bear the brunt of the battle. 'If I fail,' he thought 'what does it matter? There is no one to mourn for me save my good parents, and time ?will soon assuage the poignancy of their grief.' He mentioned his feelings to Solomon Oohen, but the old man said to him— 'Restrain your ardor, my good boy. Our cause is only to be won by cau tion, watchfulness, and patience. Have patience, and depend upon it yoor chance will come, without patience we shall fail!' About a fortnight after this, in the ttead. of night, Joseph was disturbed from his sleep by a tapping at his door. It has already been mentioned that the room he occupied was at the very top of the house, and at the 'extreme end of a long stone corridor. It was quite isolated from the other part of the house, and he had been put there as a matter of caution, because ^*en Cohen wanted to mate any communication, to him he did it in this room, for the reason, thai there was no fear of intrusion, and apparently none of eavesdropping or ofoserva Iticn. The tapping bating- been repeated Several times, Joseph, at last thor oughly awakened, sprang from bed, slipped the latch, and throwing open the door beheld, as he expected to be iboM,' Solomon Cohen, wfoo was in (dressing-gown and slippers, and had a black velvet skull- cap on his head. He carried a horn lantern!, in wMch a piece of candle was burning. 'I have something to say to you,' !be whispered.. Joseph went back into the room. Boaomon paused on the threshold, strained his eyes with peering into the iftartm-*gt that enshrouded the long pas Bage, but saw no IMng thing and Ibeard no sound. Then he entered the room and shut the door, but about a minute afterwards a figure, like a ghost, glided rapidly along tiie stone passage, and with no more noise than a shadow would have made. Adjoin ing Courrette's room was a small re cess that contained a window, the only means of light gaining access to the passage. Into this recess the figure glided, and then remained still for some moments. The door of Cour irette's room was a very ordinary one, and age and the effects of heat and cold had warped the planks in their Joinings, so that an eye applied to one of these chinks commanded a view of the greater part of the chamber, while conversation carried on inside, if not too low, might be heard fairly 'well by an ear laid against the door. The figure would seem to luatve been aware of these facts, for presently it stepped out of the recess, and. kneel ing on one knee looked through, a chink. Solomon had particularly chosen this ihour of the night in order, as he thought, not to incur the slightest risk. 'But his very excess of caution had run Mm into danger, and he was being watched. He placed his lantern on the table, and sat down on a chair. 'Joseph,' he began, 'your chance faas come at last' Courrette's face brightened up, and Ms eyes fashed with excitement as he exclaimed— 'That is good.' 'I have received information from a «ecretr source*' - Solomon., continued, 'that the work of years is maturing, and a desperate attempt will now be made to bring happiness and peace to this unhappy country. A plot, terri ble in its object, but, alas! rendered mecessary by the iniquity of our ruler, 5s perfected, with the exception of a few details. And should that plot be successfully carried out, it will send a thrill through tie whole of the civi lised world, and bring about a com plete, revolution in the existing order of things xn this country.' 'What is the object of the plot?' -{Joseph asked, as his breathing- qulck 'ened. Cohen appeared to hesitate for a few .'moments, then, lowering his voice ?somewhat, he answered— ? 'The death of the Czar!' ? Joseph shrank within himself at this .'announcement, and for an instant his ;resokition left Mm, wMTe his Dace be :came deadly pale. Solomon noticed these signs, and said .'with some surprise — 'Boy, thy heart is too soft It sliould be steeL If you have scruples, . -withdraw before it is too late. It is better so, for desperate deeds require desperate men with nerves of ada^ mant' Joseph drew himself up. He seemed to think the remark, somewhat reflect ed on his personal courage. And, striking his breast with his hand, lie exclaimed proudly — 'You mistake me, sir. I may not be able to count many years upon my bead, but my heart has been hard ened by rebuffs and disappointment, and I am ready, and willing to throw myself into any cause, however des perate, so long as it Sias justice on its side.' 'I meant not to wound your sensi-. tiveness,' replied Cohen. 'Your cour age is worthy of all praise, and, de pend upon it it will be put to the test To-morrow, at midnight, a se cret meeting will be held in an ob scure quarter of the town to settle certain matters. Your presence there will be requjred, and you will- be told off to^stjffi6'c!mportant'duty. 'You will take your lrre in your hand, and it is probable that it will be sacrificed, but you will die in a good cause, for we strike for freedom. We aim at rid ding millions of our fellows from a tyranny that is worse than death.' Joseph suppressed with an effort the excitement that agitated him, and said firmly — 'I have no fear of death. And I shall not shrink from doing that which I am appointed to do.' 'You are a brave lad,' said Cohen, as he rose and grasped the other's hand. 'The Lord bring you safe out of the danger,' he added, with visible emotion. 'To-morrow at half- past 11 at night you will leave the house, and on the opposite side of the street you will notice an apparently forlorn and wretched, draggled-looking beggar wo man, whose rags-will scarcely hide her nakedness. She will utter no word, but whither she goes you will follow. Do not lose ? sight of her. She will lead you to an old house about a mile from here on the quay. She will stop for an instant before the house, and then pass on. The entrance to the house is by a stone archway, which gives access to a passage. All will be in darkness, but you will pass in, and grope your way along for about a dozen yards. A voice will then ask, 'Who goes there?' You will answer, 'Liberty.' That is the password. The owner of the voice will then grasp your hand and lead you down some stone steps along another passage, and give you admission to a subterranean vault where the meeting is to be held. ?These are the instructions for your guidance. Do not forget them. And now go to sleep again, for it will soon be time to commence work.' As Cohen uttered these words the crouching figure at the door rose to its feet and sped away as silently as it had come. Then all unconscious that he had been watched and his words heard, the Jew went back to his room, and Joseph got into bed again, but not to sleep. He was too excited for that, for he felt now that he was to become an actor in a ghastly tra gedy, and that his own life would in all probability be sacrificed. It was not a pleasant reflection even for an enthusiast At any rate, not for a man upon whom the years still pressed lightly. CHAPTER XX. The nest day Joseph went about his work in a dreary sort of way, as though his thoughts were elsewhere, as in truth they were. No man, much less a young one practically inexperienced in the ways of the world, can face a coming great event in his life, an event which he knows is full of deadly peril, without some feeling of trepidation. It is true that in Joseph's case there had come a certain amount of callousness through his double disappointment and he looked upon life, or at any rate thought so, with some indifference; but never theless, he could not help inveighing against the Harsh Pate that had drifted Mm into his present position. During the day Rebecca learned from her father that there was to be an important secret meeting that night, at which Joseph was to attend. She heard tnis -with pain and sorrow, and late in the afternoon she contrived to have an interview with Joseph. 'I hear,' she said, with ill-concealed agitation, 'that we are on the eve of some terrible events, and that you are to play a part in them?' He could not help being struck by her kindly and anxious manner, and the tenderness that was wanted to melt away his callousness was supplied in her tone. He looked at her with almost tearful eyes as he answered — 'Yes, and possibly for me it means ?mat my aeaxn- warrant win oe signea. She visibly shuddered, and a look of alarm came over her face, as she an swered with emotion — 'This is dreadful. Why have you mixed yourself up with these affairs?' He shrugged his shoulders, trying to look and to feel indifferent but he was conscious that his trial was a failure. 'What does it matter?' he exclaimed, with a cynical sneer. 'Matter! It matters a great deal. You are a young man. Life lies before you, and you should not peril that life by interfering in affairs in which you have no personal interest' He turned away for an instant to hide the sorrowful expression of his countenance, and then he exclaimed quickly, and in an agitated manner — 'Rebecca, I have been driven into this. It is better to die like a man even in the morning of one's life, than to live as a dog, merely to fetch and carry for other men's pleasure.' 'You have had a disappointment,' she said reprovingly, 'but what of that? Your disappointment is nothing compared to mine. But I want to live — to live to be revenged.' A sudden impulse that be could not resist caused him to quickly seize her hand, and exclaim passionately— 'Rebecca, what is your disappoint ment? Why do you not tell me? For your sake I would go to the ends of the earth. H you have been wronged I would revenge you, or perish in the attempt, for I love yon, and do what I will I cannot conceal my love.' This playing at brother and sister is a mere farce.' She was touched to the heart's core, tears rolled down her cheeks, and in a voice that was calf -choked, she re turned — ? r ? ? - 'You must not talk to me of love, for I can be nothing to you. I have told you that over and over again. Why, then, do you pain me by so repeatedly confessing your love?' 'But you love me,' he cried. She struggled with herself, and, averting her face, said— 'Yes, as a sister may love a brother, but that is all.' He let go tine hold of her hand and sighed and murmured — 'I appreciate that but it doesn't sat isfy me.' Rebecca seemed much distressed. She would have liked to say some thing else, but it was obvious her feel ings had overcome her. She grasped his hand and shook it warmly, and said with emotion— 'Take care of yourself, and run no risks that you can possibly avoid. Re member, you are to be my avenger. You see in me a wronged woman.You shall exact retribution for these wrongs.' 'Will you not tell me what it is that 3ias shadowed your life?' he cried, with great energy. 'No, not now,' she returned, decis ively. 'Why?' 'For various reasons that I beg of you not to seek to know. Have patience. Some day, perhaps, I will tell you all. At present I must be silent' She gave him no opportunity for fur ther conversation, as she went away, leaving him alone with his thoughts, which were bitter enough. He felt thoroughly dejected, thoroughly hope less, and exceedingly reckless. It was certain that Rebecca had made a very deep impression upon him, and her statement that she could not return the feeling only served to increase his cynicism, and cause him to take a more gloomy view of life. 'To-night will decide my fate,' he sighed to himself, as he remembered that he was to attend the secret meet ing. But little did he dream of the fate that was in store for him. In Solomon Cohen's service was a Russian by the name of Alexander Kalnoky. He had been with Cohen for about two years, and occupied the position of an accountant He lived upon the premises, and was to some ex tent in Cohen's confidence, but only so far as the business was concerned. Cohen himself had considerable faith in Kalnoky, and liked him. Conse quently, he gave him a great deal of liberty, and accorded him privileges which he did not allow to other em ployees in his service. Kalnoky was distinguished by peculiar taciturnity, so that he bad come to be nicknamed by the rest of the workpeople as 'The Silent One.' He came from some pro vince in Northern Russia, but nothing was known about his antecedents. Cohen had engaged Mm on the strength of excellent testimonials that he presented; and he had proved him self to be a thorough accountant and apparently took great interest in his master's business. But of his own affairs he never spoke; and, in fact, was so reserved that he had very little to say to anyone in the place. Per sonally he was an attractive man, be ing good looking and well-shaped. He was dark as a raven, with small, glit tering eyes, and hair as black as jet. He impressed one, and it was impos sible to help the impression, that he was a man of great depth — in short, a crafty man. There was one thing that even the. most casual observer could not have failed to notice, and that was, that very little escaped his observation. He might be silent, but at any rate he did not go through life half asleep. In fact he seemed to know everything that was going on in connection witih the business. It was generally supposed, except by those who knew better, that he was an ut terly unimpressionable man — a sort of human statue, in short with little in sensibility and no nerves. But this was hardly correct seeing that he had mn-iA 1/vrrrt rf/\ VllO TT1 Q CL+m^G iS ill'! «*ll tPTV Rebecca. Por some time he had shown her great attention, and never lost an op portunity of talking with her. During this time he proved that he could be agreeable when he liked, even to fas cination. He did most certainly make an impression on Rebecca, and she thoughtlessly indulged in a little mild flirtation with him. She meant no barm. She enjoyed his society some what and guilelessly and foolishly al lowed him to pay her some attention, though she looked upon this as nothing more than the homage a wellconduct ed man should show to any pretty woman. It was an illusion, and she was somewhat rudely disillusionised. For one day, in burning, passionate language, and witih an eloquence she never deemed him capable of, he made love to her. At first she was amazed, then an noyed, and finally alarmed when she saw the mischief she had unintention ally done. She told him that she could not reciprocate his feeling, and that to become his wife was impos sible. He seemed utterly unprepared for this, and. as he himself put it, ne was 'stunned ' He did not abandon hope without a struggle. He urged his suit persistently, until her manner, her lan guage, and her determination convinc ed him that it was useless. From the moment that he recognised this he seemed to accept his fate with resigna tion, and he never referred to the sub ject again, but it was very obvious to Rebecca that his disappointment had soured him, and that he brooded over it Rebecca did not tell her father of this little Incident She did not think it was necessary to do so. He was much absorbed in his business. His hands and head were full of things, and she seldom troubled him with anything that had no direct bearing on his busi ness or his schemes. Therefore, Solo mon remained in ignorance that the man in whom he reposed so much trust had made love to his daughter. Rebecca herself soon came to laugh at the incident and she believed that Kal noky thought no more about it; for though he had undoubtedly become a little more reserved, he devoted himself to his work, and gave no outward sign that he was in any way affected. But herein she was utterly at fault and ?was entirely incapable of estimating the man's character. She thought that he was smitten with a mere pass ing fancy for her, whereas it had been a great absorbing passion with him, and his failure had changed him. Joseph Courrette knew nothing what ever about Kalnoky having made love to Rebecca, nor did he know much about Kalnoky at all, as he came very little in contact with him. His amaze ment may therefore be judged when on that particular afternoon of the day on -winch he was to attend tne secret meeting, Kaliioky approached him and said— ?'? '?'?? V .?? ?'? .; ??'. ?'?'. (To be continued.) . Ear, Nose, and Throat — Dr. P. Stanich, Aural Surgeon of Imperial and Eoyal University, Clinic Vienna and Halle, A.S. Germany, attends poor Tuesdays and Fri days at 461 Pitt-st, Christ Church, Sydney. The best medicine known IB F'^'1 and Sons* Euoalpytl Extract. Test its Incomparably powerful effects In Coughs, Colds, Influenza— the relief Is Instantaneous. In serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, - bums, scoldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy, no swelling— no inflammation— Like surprising effects produced in Croup, Diph theria, Bronchitis, Inflammation of the Lungs, Swellings, &c.; Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs. In use »t all hospitals and medical clinics; patronised by bis Majesty the King of Italy; crowned With medal and diploma at International Ex hibition, Amsterdam. Trust in an approved article, and reject all others. Price, la Cd anoS» M per tMttte.-*. 