STORY OF THE CRIME- AN AWFUL OCCURRENCE. CRIMLY MEDIEVAL Tlie following particulars of the crime are token from the London "Times";— A shocking occurrence, recalling the bar barities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witcbcrtlt, has token place st Baity vadheu, a Tillage »ituste on the slopes of £liereuamao, in tho county Tippe rary. It would oe incredlblo if the account w-«e n>; idtmvxiU;! by the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men sod a woman aro charged with csniiog the death of a woman 27 years of are, named Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by forcing her, as she was suffering from nervous excite- meat and uthi bronchitis, to drink noxiou? potions prepared for her by a herbalist, aud then seizing ber and roosting her under the i supposition that she was a witsh. Hsr ' husband called on her to say, in the nanio of God, that tbo was not his wife. She was held over a fire to make her say this. These proceedings wero repeated on tbe fob lowing night, when tbo husband knocked her down, stripped off all her oloibes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set flro to her with a burning stick from tho hearth. While aha was bnrciag to death there wero present six of the male prisoners and two women, all ro- latives of the deceased. Borne of tbeat re monstrated with the haabsnd, bnt did noth iugmoro. He told them that itwasnotkis wife ' ho was burning bat a witch, and that ebo would diiappear up the chimney. During tbo process uf tbo protrsctod end tcrriblo j tortures desoribod by a witness as having j been inflicted on tho unfortunate woman, i some of tho party repeated the words, " Come home, Bridget Bolaud " (tbe maiden name of tbo viotim), In the belief, ap parent!), that they wore doiug what was necessary to bring back tbo roal Bridget Bolacd who had heon carried off by tbe "good people," the fairies, ami tbat i; was a super- eihious counterfeit they wero cruelly killing. Tbe savage orgies were formod in tbo honso of lbs woman's father. Tbo dead body ' of tho victim, with tbe stomach burnt throaub, I was found buried in a ditoh alter a week. j The following is taken from the evidence i at the magisterial iuvestigution at Clou- iiiei William Blmpioc, a carotakor, stated that ' on the night of tho tragedy he wont to the j bouse of Fs trick Boland, aod on tho way met ! Ute Bourne aod ber daughter Kate. They j went together to the house, aud on reauhiog 1 it heard shouts, apparently in inen's voices, oi "Take it, you old—, or I'll kill you." He could not hoc in tbrouph tbo wiudew, bat tho door opened ehortly aflvrwatdt, and tho/ waut iu. Colonel Kvaoion: Was there anything that led to the door being opened ? The witness ; They were obliged to open tbo door, as 1 thought, to put out tho falriss. Continuing his evidence, he satd that bo and lho two women went in, and thoy heard ubouta of M Away she go ; away she go." Ho then saw a number oi tnuu holding Mrs Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Konnedy, James Kennody sad Wm. Ksnncdy. Mrs Cleary's husband was stand ing by ths bed, holding a esuoopsn in bis hand, and ho asked Mra Cleary, "Are you Bridget Belaud, wifo of Michael Clesry, in the nainn of the Father, Bon, and Iloly Ghost?" She said. In reply, "Yes, I am." Tho question was repented sevoral times. Witness saw Michael Clesry giva bis wifo porno liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. Titers wort herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forolng the herbs Into bis wlfo's moatfa, and sho resisted. Water, too, was thrown ovor hsr. Pat Boland asked her, "Are you the daugbtor of Pat Boland? Answer, la the name of tho Father, the Bon, and the Holy Ghost." Sko did not answer, and the question was ropcatod moro than once. Questioned ae to what tbueo people wero all m the house together, for wit ness said he believed " they were driving out the witch," end tho door was open for tho purposo. When she would not answer the Question somo one, he believed John Dnon, snid 41 hlako down a good fire, and wo'll make her answer." There was a fire burnlag at this time in the kitehon. She was tbeu carried in front of the fire by John Dono, Patrick Kennedy, WlUlamlKenoedy, and her husband, and was again asked thosamo questions. Witnossdid notremomber her making an answer. The moa who were holding her then laid her over tbe fire, Cleary holding tbe 10000900011 the time. The body was bent, and forced In on the grate, and her hips rtstcdouit. The other persona in tho roommsdono sign of disapproval. In rcplv to hor father, who asked hbr, " Are you tho daughter of Fat- rlok Boland, wifo of Miobsel Cloary ? An wer me ia tbe name of God." She said, "I am, dado." Tlioy were then satisfied they bad tuolr own. What do you mean by that ?— That they had Mra Oleary, and not a witch. Then what had they got beforo?— ' They boilovod tbey had a witah. They shook hor when she woe .in the bod, saying, "Away wltbyon. Oottie home, Bridget Boland, In tbi namo of God." Tbo same men took her off the lire when she bad anavrucd sstlsfae- torlly. Sho was ihen pat Into bed, and they asked her questions, aud she rooogaiiad all in the room. Some of those in the room then tried to conaolo hori At 0 o'alook in tho morning Cloary went for tho prlsit. TheBev. O. F. Ryan was next examined, and stated that ho attended the deoexsed women previous to ber dostb, nndgave her tho lut rites of the Church. On tho Satur day following her death ho saw Oleary In the churoh In Draogao, He was behaving like modniaUf tooting his hair, and appeared to be suffering from remorse, He aiked witness if he thoaght he would ever be forgivsn. Dunn, who was along with Cleary, told witoess tbat tbey bad fcurntd ber to death and buried her, and that he had been uking Cleory all tbe morning to give her Christian burial. Hod he known thtre was any such thing as witchcraft or fool play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with tbe police, and told them to oave thnir eye on Cleary- Oo Tuesday Mrs Simpson, the wife of the witness William dimpsoa, generally confirmed hit story. When the worass wm csrried to tbe kitchen fire, which was a slow firs, not hot eooogh to boil a kettle, the witness heard it arid by some tbat "All the ques tions should be answered before midnight, which she understood 10 msan that the witeh could cot be driveu away later than mid- midnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, bat there was a mark as of a burn oq lbs forohesd of the deceased. She knew where the "fairy ring" was at Kyieuagranagh Fort, nut was never there. She beard Cleazy tell her noibaad on the Sooday following the murder that his wife was at Kylenagraaagb, tbat tbey would go for her, that she woald be on a grey horse, aid that they would have to cat tbe cords that bound ber on the horse. She did not know whether they went. Father It/an denounced tbe outrage ia tho strongest terms in Cloneeu Chapel, and eslled upon those of his hearers who knsw aoytheng of the affair to communicate with the authorities. 