Our Lady's Letter. Norwood, May 9, 1895. My dear Fanny Anna : As I told you in my last I intended doing I spread myself at the Morphetville Races. Saturday was not an enjoyable day, and people took their pleasuresadly, except those, of course^ who struck the big dividends, and Charlie and I hit two of them, so that I shall be able to pay my dressmaker's bill prompt to date. Cuj- day was bright, and we were able to show our fine feathers to one another on the lawn. There was a large attendance, and some of the dresses were very nice indeed ; nothing very,, new, but still well worth taking notice of. The colours worn were uiostly of a sombre hue, browns, greens, purples, blacks and blues, but pink appeared to be much in evidence in many of the gayer combinations. You will have seen the catalogues of the costumes in the dailies, so that I will hot enumerate them here. Most of our prominent families were represented, and between the races we resolved ourselves into garden parties, and altogether got a good deal of fun out of the meeting. I came out on the right side of the ledger again thanks to the information which Charlie got hold of, but I was sorry when I heard of some of our own as well as Victorian horses not being triers. There were more horses carrying money in the Cup which were only out for an airing than the general public knew of, and I don't see the new steward standi for the detection of crooked running did much good. A clever jockey can do his Jittle pull without the stewards being any the wiser, and if I were to tell you some of tho a fi that were sent to do a donkey race I should surprise you. It is always done, Charlie says, but that does not make things any better. The public did not like the iaction of the committee in stopping tote agents, and no wonder. The Club want to grab too much, and if they don't mind they will be sorry for their selfish proceedings. We 'had a good concert the other night at the Town Hall, and I have been to several nice little parties lately, where I met those I like to meet, and enjoyed myself thoroughly. What do you think that horrid husband of mine said when he saw the names of the Misses Rathbone in the passengerlist of the Massilia, " By jove, I wish I were going home in her." The Rathbones are the two splendid animals in the living picture show. Now, what do you think of Charlie ? Things theatrical are very dull just now, and I presume the pros, think themselves lucky if the ghost walks regularly. I don't think you care for football, so the information that the Norwoods play the Ports at the Kensington Oval on Saturday does not interest you. Of course I am going to see the Steeple or I should go to that function. I like watching athletes disport themselves, in which I am not singular amongst my sisters. And now I must say au revoir. Your friend, Artist Friend (pointing to a sketch) : "I sav, Harry, where did you get that ?'" Harry Why, I got that out of my head.'' Friend " Well, its a lucky thing for your head that y»n got it out." DELILAH SNOGGINS. 