1LOW 1 TWIKI) TO KEEP HY HAIR ON, I A TAU5 OF B1TTEU EXPERIENCE. Not huig sit c-\ I made an alarming discovery with regard to the i-Ute of \\\y hair. Perhaps I should say thn- it was made for me , by the itiloreslod kindm ns if my friends. They j began to put a greater 4cpth of feeling into : their injunctions to 'keep my hair on.' With I the help of two glnsscs I tmnaged to verify their fears. The hair on the top of my head was certainly bccomiug very tnin. What could be done to nave it ? I am ty no means particular as regards appearance, bit still, at my age, thb idea of a wig was a litt'e nlarming, nor did I wish to look like a jurenle statue of old age. . I received little comfort from my frieuds. They assured me that my condition wna desper ate. I am not aware that they shewed any great resjiect to my hair in tbe days of its prosperity ; but now they seemed to regard it as by far tho most important part of my personality. Their solicitude would have bt^cn flittering were it not so alnrmitig. My fears were enhanced by tlio dismal fore bodings of my barber. He began bjr enlarging on tin* forribln nature ot bulducss in general. nnd the unalleviated horror of my baldness. To judge from his remarks, man was crcated for the purpose of wearing hair. Huir, lie said, is tho glory of tho man (I thought it had been tho glorytof the woman). | A man without hair might as well die ; he has missed the true end of his being. Life without hair is utterly worthless. , Trying to be facetious, I quoted a profane version of one of Watt's hymus : Man wants but littlo hair below ; ' but he sternly checked any such levity. He did not believe that Watts ever wrote such a linn ; if ho did, ho was no Christian. Having brought my feelings to a pitch of suicidal intensity, I was just about to implore the aid of a neighbburing razor, when he sud denly held forth a glimmer of hop©, , r r . ., , Thu bitrbor htVd u* :|)Veparatt6iiin 'ho said— a magic preparation, a miraculous preparation. It had actually restored tho departed hairs of a gentleman -similarljtafllicted. If rightly used, this magic preparation would bring a good and beautiful hair from every root on the head. This eloquence in describing its effect was really touching and poetical. Tears welled into his eyes as he ^escribed the gratitude of the gentle man already mentioned. This preciousointment was prepnred by himself alone; no one else knew Lhe seerct. 1 might take it or leave il. He would do me a bottle at tlireeuudninc pence, and tho conscientious use of a dozen bottles or so would work wonders. Somehow or other I resisted these seduc tions. rerliaps some fiend had hardened my heart; I declined tbe preparation, und fled. Bub at lust the scattered hairs upon my head b 'gan to grow lemrihy, liko limp ends of cotton, and I sought ain-th- r barber. I told him thut I wanted my hair cut, and he grimly asked tl Whifch ouo ? ' I said he might take a little off all round, and be enveloped me in the usual flowing mantle Then lie began. He wan a man of a religions disposition, and he said that the days were evil. Hair was deterio rating generally. He drew a sad parallel between atheism and want pi lmir ; in his eyes thoy seemed to he the same thing. The crimes, the follies, the vices of these latter da-s, were all the fruit of a lack of hair 41 But there is yet a - hopo,' lio said. 44 1 nave a preparauun. I gathered up my hat aud vanished. This was morn than flesh and blood could stand. I wrote a letter to the 44 Times,' and suggested that. 44 preparations ' should be taxed. But my hair did not improve. If I had met a ghost, there were uot many hairs on my head that could have stood on end. The ghost would probably have recommended a 44 preparation.' It is humiliating to a ghost to meet such a man. After trying several other barbers, I at last met one who actually cut what hair I had left without making any remark. The strange omis sion so surprised me, that I ventured to start the topic myself. 41 Rather weak, isn't it ? ' 1 suggested. 14 Yes, sir ; 'tis a little weak, sir.' What a remarkable man ! To say the hair was a little weak ! 44 What do you think is the cause ? ' I asked. v * Oh, sir, no doubt it's owing to your ail ments.' I modestly disclaimed any special ailmentB. ' 44 But whatever little ailments you may have flies to tbe bair, Sir,' he continued. 44 Uood gracious ! I wibq they would stop there. But perhaps it is caused by much brain work ?' 44 Very likely, sir ; that often causes it.' 41 Or perhaps by insufficient mental activity.' 44 Yes, sir ; undoubtedly.' This was uot quite conclusive, but the good man did not seem to havo any brighter ideas to offer ; nor, to judgo from his silence, had he any 4* preparation.' Friendspurriuetbeirevilcoutses. They regard my hair as a fit subject for jesting, and act accordingly. They beg for single hairs, as mementoes, if I cau spare them. One of them told mo thut 1 should soon be without any heir- upparent, und 1 did not feel amiable to him for weeks, dust as I had for given him, he brought out the wretched thing again ; and I threatened, in tho words of the 44 Private Secretary,' to give hioi ?? a hard knock.' But, knowing that friends aro given as a trial to our p-iti- nee, 1 try to forbear, even wheu they recommend articles that will make my hair curl.— 44 Wit and Wisdom.' 