Helps and Hindrances to Clrarcli Prosperity. IN connection-with the Baptist Association of Queensland, the delegates and visitors met for a conference on :?'Helps and Hin- drances ' to Church ; Prosperity." Rev. T.! Leitch said the meaning of tho words " Church Prosperity " was too evident to require definition. He then proceeded to enumerate several helps, the negatives of which - in'- each case he regarded os hin- drances. (1.) Churches should not he planted too closely together, especially in sparsely populated districts. The result of doing so was half-empty churches, underpaid minis- ters,1'and' denominational jealousies. He advocated an arrangement amongst the various religions denominations to prevent such rivalry in limited spheres. (2) Churches should be built in good central positions easy of access by the general public. Their mes- sage was for the people, to carry the gospel to every creature, and they should follow the example of those who catered for public amusements in getting sites in central posi- tions. (3.) To have the building in some measure adapted to the purpose for which it is : erected. 'Acoustics and ventilation should be considered, rather than the ambi- tions of the architect. (3.) The preacher should have a clear'call from God to tho -work/ Uncertainty: on this point was sure to have'a disquieting and weakening effect on the true-hearted worker. (5.) Ministerial efficiency. This was a most important factor. \- The ministry of to-day must be both scholarly and devout. They could not afford to sacrifice the'one or the other. (0.) A ?loving people. .When the pastor finds fault with the people,'or the people with the pastor, no church can progress or prosper. (7.) A loyal people. Loyal to their pastor, their church, and their' denomination. Whilst loving others they must hold firmly, loyally, and boldly to the great central prin- ciples of their denomination. , (8.): A, prayer- ful people. It might be possible to gather a crowd and retain ,a .congregation, but they could'not curry oni< the'-business of soul starving without the spirit of grace and of supplication. Some of their churches were little bettor than spiritual cooling chambers.' (0.) An active people. To every man his work. 12 very folio wer. of Jesus should bea worker In sollie department bf Christian service. (10.) Goodf government. Many churches had been split up by mismanage- ment and .want of-business capacity. ;.(11.) Attractive servies. He thought the Sunday services should bb' distinct. The minister should be a pastor in the morning and an evangelist in the evening; He would avoid sensational methods of attracting people, but he saw no objection to making use of music for the purpose. (12.) Preach the old gospel and not modern' speculative thought. The.eternal verities preached in the power of the Holy Ghost would bring Church pros- perity. At the close of the paper a conference took place, during which reference was made to seat rents, and to church policy. Emphasis was also given to the necessity of raising the spiritual tone of tho churches, without which none of the helps mentioned would be effec- tive.. , - . ,. . ,.-.,\\-.\ ? 