A Welsh frincess; « UEL .. COLD IS TRIED. (. fO.fejOj H - HEDLET RICHARDS, Author of "The Omerod Mystery," "The Dene Tragedy," etc., etc. CHAPTER XVII. — (Continued.) T see you have an agency for gover nesses and companions, and I am in ; want of a situation," Hester said with straightforward directness. "Yes, miss, what are your qualifica tions?" , l Hesther smiled. "I can teach English well, French mo derately, and I am considered a good musician. Of course I can draw, and I do needle work." "Very good, miss. And as to refer ences?" Hesther looked a little disturbed. "Unfortunately, I have none. I have been living in the family of a gentleman who has just gone out with his family to Australia, where he has inherited some property. Before they sailed he gave me excellent testimonials, but I was in the train to which the accident happened the other night, and my lug gage was burned, and of course, the tes timonials, which were in one of my trunks," she said, determined to give a plausible explanation, and overcoming her repugnance to telling a lie on the ground that it was done to help a girl who was even more friendless than she was. "Indeed! That is unfortunate. But I suppose you have friends who can help you?" added the other. "I regret to say I have not. I hoped to find an uncle of mine living here, and I was coming to see if he could help me to . a situation in the north — my health has not been very good in London — but I cannot find any trace of him. Unfor tunately it is three years since I heard from them, so I suppose they must have removed." "What was your uncle's name?" in quired the woman. "Smith," said Hesther, with an inter nal prayer for forgiveness as she was obliged to tell lie upon lie. "Smith — James Smith? He was a veterinary surgeon. Yes, I remember him well enough; his wife did come from the south. Dear, dear! And to think you should be wanting him, and he's in New Zealand. It's just a year since Mrs Smith died, and he said he didn't care to stay here. You see, he was younger than she was, and he" thought he'd plenty of time to make his way abroad. Besides, he'd always had a fancy to go out there; so he went soon after Christmas, not having any child ren or anything to hold him back, and he sold his practice well. But it is up setting for you that they are both gone. Poor Mrs Smith would have been de lighted to have you with them. I've heard her wish many a time that she had a daughter. J wonder she didn't adopt you." Hesther murmured something about a family quarrel, then added: "But can you not get me a situation of some kind?" "Yes, as you are a niece of James Smith and lost your references in that awful accident, I don't think there will be much difficulty. Else it would have been no use; for people will have refer ences, and, of course, it's only right that they should. I've two situations. Either of them might suit you. One is as governess to the Rev. Michael Hart's children — six of them; but Mrs Hart is a very nice lady. The other is a post as companion to Miss Willoughby, a mai den lady, who lives at Poplar House. She gives a better salary than Mrs Hart, but then she's peculiar, though I really don't think she is bad to get on with when you are accustomed to her. Which do you think you would pre fer?" Hesther hesitated, then inquired what the salaries were. "Mrs Hart only gives twenty- five pounds a year, while Mrs Willoughby offers forty, and there's very little to do for it." Somehow the prospect of teaching six children in a small rectory, with a very small salary, did not sound inviting, and Hesther decided that she would see Miss Willoughby. "Very well, then Miss— — . You didn't say your name;" and the woman looked inquiringly at her. \- "Henrietta Blair," she answered, try ing to say the unfamiliar name easily. "Thank you. I will write a note giv ing Miss Willoughby the particulars you have told me, and, if you don't object to call, I think it is quite likely that you will come to an arrangement." In a few minutes the note was written. That is the address," the registry office keeper said, as she handed the letter to Hesther: "and you will easily find the house. If you go straight up the street, about a hundred yards from here, you will see, on the other side, a. large square, red-brick house; standing in a big garden, with rails dividing it from the street. There is a row of poplars on the lawn — and that's Poplar House; You cannot mistake it, particularly as you'll see a house just opposite with Dr. Lloyd' on a brass plate." v; I "Oh, I shall find it. Thank you ver< : much." "You'll let me know whether you get the post, Miss Blair ?" "Yes;" and as Hesther spoke she step ped into the street. "Well, I never knew I could tell a lie so easily," she mused, as he went slow ly away. "When I began my tale i did feel awkward, but as I went on it seem ed to come quite natural. I must mind I don't get into the way of telling lies. This time I can lay it to the charge Of philanthropy, but it won't do to indulge even that virtue at such a price. Ah, this must be the house," she thought, as she saw a big red-brick building, with a row of poplars showing a very meagre display of leaves. Crossing the road she entered the gate and passed along the smooth gravel- path that divided the lawn, which was thickly strewn with leaves, to the front door. It was a pretentious affair, being of massive oak studded with brass nails, and on it was a huge brass knocker. Hesther looked to see if there was a bell, and not finding one she raised the knocker and gave a good loud rap. In a few minutes the door was opened by a pleasant-looking young parlor-maid, dressed in black, with faultlessly white cap and apron, who in response to Hes- ther's inquiry whether Miss Willoughby was at home and could see her, replied in the affirmative. Then the maid ush ered her across an old-fashioned hall, with a floor of polished oak, which was waxed to such an extent that Hesther thought what an admirable skating- rink it would make. But she had hardly time to come to this conclusion when the girl opened a door, and requesting, her to be seated, asked what name she should tell her mistress. "Miss Blair," replied Hesther; and when the maid had gone she glanced round the room. ' It was furnished in a heavy style, but the few nick-nacks were of great value. "What an ancient drawing-room! But I like it better than the modern ones," she thought. At that moment the door was opened, and a lady entered. She was tall and angular, with a face wheh even in her best days must have been plain. Still it was not ugly; it was too full of in telligence for that. She wore a rich black silk gown, which rustled as she moved, and her snowy-white hair was partially covered by a rich lace cap. There was neither hesitation nor inde cision as she advanced, with her keen, dark eyes fixed on Hesther, who re turned the look without embarrassment, forgetting for the moment that she was sailing under false colors. "You asked- to see me ?" — the words came clear and incisive. "Yes. I came to apply for the situa tion of companion," Hesther replied, as she handed the note to Miss Willough by. "Humph !" and, crossing to the win dow, the lady took a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles out of a case, which she car ried in her pocket, and gravely adjust ing them she stood within the light while she read the note. When she had perused it, she folded it up, replaced it in the envelope, then ad vanced towards Hesther, and drew a chair right opposite to her. "Mrs Nelson tells me that you have lost your testimonials in the accident last week, and that you are a niece of James Smith, the Veterinary surgeon. Rather awkward for you that he's gone, and your references too," she said, studying the girl's face while she spoke. "It is," said Hesther, dryly, not half liking the old lady's manner. "Why don't you tell me that it is all right, and your testimonials were excellent, and that I shall never regret engaging you ?" she said, sharply For reply Hesther laughed outright; then, recovering herself, but still smil ing, she said : "Because I don't think it would be any use, and you might regret it." The old lady relaxed a little as she said : "Look me full in the face, girl." Hesther did as she was desired, rais ing her own large grey eyes fearlessly to the dark ones opposite. "I like your looks, and I don't mind trying you, if you think you can do what I want. You will have to read aloud to me for an hour or two each day and you will always have to look plea sant, no matter how bad- tempered 'you feel. Of course you will have to drive with me; and I. don't keep a pet dog. The salary is forty pounds a year. Now, what do you say ?" "That I will gladly come," said Hes ther, quickly. "Pefhaps you will be as glad to go. ran peculiar in my ways, and like every one to give in to me. Now, what do you think ?" "That I.should like to come." "Very well, then. Where's your lug gage ? Tell me, and I'll send for it." "What I have brought Is at -the sta tion; but I lost all my things in the acci dent."- "yery well, rthfe gardener, shall see abbut thebox.and I will send aJiote to Mrs Ne!son, telling her that I have engaged you." Then, ringing the bell, she told the maid " to show Miss Blair to the Red Chamber. "And you can wait outside; then bring her to me.'' When Hesther re-entered the parlor, where Miss Willoughby was seated quietly knitting, the latter looked up, sayingj "Now, Miss Blair, take that paper, and read me the political news. I'm a politician, though I don't believe in women going into Parliament." Hesther did as she was desired, with the result that at the end of half an hour's - reading Miss Willoughby pro nounced herself satisfied. "If you do all as well as you read, you will suit me," she said. That night when Hesther retired she felt very thankful to have secured a comfortable home so near to the young lady who had usurped her name; but vowed that this should be her first and last subterfuge. As Henrietta Blair she would start life again, securing a char acter that would serve her in any future application which she might have to make for a situation. As to the false Hesther, she should have all the benefit of her past. The next day Miss Willoughby was ill. She had evidently taken cold, and to wards noon she sent for Dr. Lloyd, telling Hesther that she always' had the young doctor, and did her best to push him on, because she could not endure Dr. Newham, the old practitioner. Early in the afternoon the young doctor arrived, and pronounced Miss Willoughby to be suffering from in fluenza, and he strongly advised her to go up stairs and remain there until she was better; but the old lady laugh ed at his advice. "Weil, at any rate, you must remain in one room; and remember you will not be able to go out for some time. You will do your best to induce my patient to keep warm ?" he added turning to Hesther, who promised that she would; and Dr. Lloyd left the house thinking what a bright, pleasant girl she was. The next day he came, and Miss Wil loughby was no better — in fact, worse— and he had to tell the obstinate old lady that unless she went to bed the consequences might be serious. So, very reluctantly, she consented; but about one thing she was firm — if she could hot go out, Hesther should. So day by day the girl had orders to go out for at least a couple of hours. At all parts of the day Hesther sat and- read or chatted to the invalid, who was waited on by her lady's-maid, an elder ly person. Gradually Hesther learned to like the rugged old woman, whose very straightforwardness made her im patient of all pretence. With Dr. Lloyd, too, Hesther became quite friendly, and soon began to look forward to his visits (which were somewhat lengthy) as an agreeable break in the monotony of the day. Once or twice she walked as far as Sommerton Park, and rested at a cot tage in the villager and from the way in which she heard the new governess spoken of, she came to the conclusion that, at any rate, her name would not be disgraced. When she had b eeir ab igh t at Poplar Houser and ga-Wiloughby was down stkixs kgain, but had m>t "been out, Hefetjhr was fwepp#- l|npch\ sur prised one mormngf xos i 54 "Dh' leave his housopmpa tleman whom tone of those who had eo me ; body of the poor insane girl who had perished in the accident. When the doctor came that afternoon, she remarked that he had got a friend staying with him. "Yes; he is an old schoolfellow. Un fortunately, he has taken to drink, hav ing had a great trouble;" and he told her what David had told him — namely, that he had been engaged to Gwen when, through fretting after her father, she lost her reason. Finally, escaping from the asylum, she had perished in the railway accident from which she (Hesther) had escaped. "Stuff and rubbish ! I don't believe any girl who had a lover she cared for would go out of her mind when her father died," remarked Miss Willough by. "My friend assures me that it is so. By the way, he expressed a wish to see "Miss Blair. May I bring him across ?" asked the doctor. "No; I dofi't like his looks. I watched him down the street," said the old lady, decidedly; "and Hesther was not sorry that Miss Willoughby decided thus. Still, the stranger had a fascination for her, and she often found herself watching him as he went in and out of the doctor's house. Several times she saw him glance curiously across the street, but somehow they never met. ¥ - CHAPTER XVIII.— DAVID HUGHES THINKS HE SEES A GHOST. All unconscious that the girl whose name she bore was alive, and within five miles of her, Gwen went about her daily duties faithfully. To tell the truth, her heart was not in her work, for at the best Gwen would not have cared for teaching. And now, too, she was rack-, ed with anxiety about Keith and fear ful lest Price or David Hughes should discover that she was living. Then, again, it annoyed her to think that she was there under false pretences, even though her action did not injure any one. She longed for the time when the vicar would be at home, and she could ap- peal .to him. But . though she was thui perplexed and troubled, she wan always cheerful and pleasant with her charges, who were becoming very much attached to her.. Mrs Melville had also. jshown her approbation of the young governess; so it happened that one day, when the chil dren were all suffering from severe colds, she noticed how pale and tired Gwen looked, and at once told her to go for a brisk walk, or she would be laid up. Nothing loth, Gwen got ready and set off. Going across the park she entered the wood which bordered it, and through which a path ran. After traversing this for some time, she turned along a nar rower one, and presently found herself close to the boundary walL Pausing, she looked over it. The road lay below, while close under it was a footpath. She bent forward, gazing in an absent man ner, when suddenly her eyes were rivet ed on a man who was in the act of cros sing a stile on the other side. As though fascinated by her gaze, he raised his eyes, and as they met her terrified gaze, an awful look came into his face, and he became ghastly white. As this change passed over him, Gwen regain ed her presence of mind, and she moved swiftly away, taking care to keep be hind the trees. "He cannot climb the wall; it is too high. But what has brought David here ?" — for she had recognised her cousin. "Oh, Heaven, have they track ed me ?" and her face showed the agony the thought caused her, as she made her way swiftly out of the wood. "I must be careful not to go far from the house hlone. I will not go beyond the park, even when the chiddren are with me, unless I am compelled. If Price Hughes comes here and tells who I am, I will throw myself on Mr Mel ville's mercy, and get him to intercede. I do not think the Melvilles would be easily made to believe that I was out of my mind, though I fancy they would be annoyed with me for personating poor Hesther Baynes." As Gwen thought this she crossed the park, and it was with a feeling of in tense relief that she entered the Hall. Meanwhile, David Hughes — for it was he — having come across the fields from Donningford with the intention of re turning by the high road, had suddenly encountered that face. Not for a mo ment, however, did he believe it was Gwen. He imagined that the spirit of the dead girl had followed him there to reproacr him for the wrong he had done her. Often at the Manor he had fancied that he had seen both her and uncle. Now, in the broad daylight, there could be no mistake — the face was un mistakably Gwen's, but paler and sad der. For an instant after she had dis appeared he remained gazing at the spot where she had stood, the great drops of perspiration standing like beads on his forehead. While this drama had been enacting, Hesther Baynes, who had also come for a walk in the direction of Sommerton, had stood silently watching. She was walking slowly along the road, and as she came round a bend she saw Dr. Lloyd's guest mount a stile, then sud denly pause, with his eyes fixed on the park wall opposite to him. Pausing, she followed the direction of his gaze, and saw the girl who had been her com panion on that eventful journey from London. She noticed the strange way in which they regarded each other, then' Gwen's sudden disappearance, and she waited to see what the stranger would do. As he recovered himself and descend ed from the stile into the lane, Hesther went forward. He did not notice her approach until she was close to him; then he started and turned quickly, round. She noticed how pallid and agi- « tated he was. Evidently he recognised her, as he raised his hat and said : "Excuse me, but I think you are the Miss Blair whom my friend Dr Lloyd knows." "You are right as regards my name, and I do know Dr. Lloyd," she said, a. little stiffly. "I thought so," he replied, with some thing like a sigh of relief. "May I ask," he continued, as he walked on by her side, "if you noticed anything uncommon above the park wall just now ?" # "Anything uncommon?" she repeated looking at him. "Yes; don't think I have lost senses, but just now I saw a ghost." "A ghost ?" she said, Incredulously. ' "Yes. I see you do not believe me; but I saw the ghost of my dead cousin.4 "Impossible !" she replied. "I am quite certain I did. Oh, Miss Blair, you were in that fearful accident in which my cousin lost her life; teU me, did you see her before the acci dent ?" y "I cannot say," she replied, gravely. "If you had done, you would have re membered her, for she was very lovely. Oh, heavens !" he added, impulsively, X wish she had never gone into that plaoei. I have never had a moment's peace since." - . ; ; , ;«a "What place?" she inquired, "The asylum. She had escaped front it, and was journeying north when the accident happened. : «Why did you put her there ?" HfeSk' ther asked; in a low, impressive tone. "I didnt;, it was my uncle. I wouHK' , have' stopped atthat— at least, ! thlnah so, Heaven knows I have suffered ion i ti She haunts me persistently; hut h neveir saw her so vividly a® I dldJh&t; now," he said, impulsively. 1 i-V - But why should she haunt you t . You did her no wrong , when you -placed her In the asylum; it is the best place - . (Commenced Publication, Juno 14 