LADIES' GOSSIP. government house. yacht club ball. other balls. fashion's fancies. various trifles. RY RITA. The roiiowing constitute the vice. regal engagements from the 7th to the 17 tit Inst.:— Wednesday, 7th August— His Excellency opened Mlldura Soci ety's Show, 1.30 p.m.; his excellency and suite visited Cnrlton to inaugurate local Arbor Day, plant trees, 4.15; his Excellency and suite attended St. Kilda Vacht Club ball. Thursday. 8th— Ills Excellency presided at the annual meet ing friends of Women's Hospital, Tnivn Hall. 4.15. Friday, 9th— His Excel lency and suite visited Poultry ami Dog Show, Exhibition Building. 4.30; his Excellency, attended by two A.D.C'S., dined with Sir Arthur Snowden, Town llall, 7.30 p.m. Saturday, 10th— His Excellency nnd suite attend V.A.T.C. meeting, Cnulfleld. Wednesday. 14th— Ills Excellency and suite attend ball Praliran Town Hall, 9 p.m., local chn- rlties. Thursday, 15th— His Excellency and suite attend concert CoiiBcrvato- rlum of Music at the concert hall, S p.m., Lady Madden distributes prises exhibition of needlework. Independent Hall, Russell street, 2.30 p.tn. Satur day. 17th— His Excellency and suite at tend the Victorian Club races at Cuul- field, I nm requested to intimate that guests attending Lady Maddun's fancy dress ball on the 23rd Inst, are particu larly requested to write on the back of their Invitation cards the characters ' they appear In, In order to fucllltnto n proper description of the dresses worn. On Wednesday evening a ball, given under the auspices of the St. Kilda Yacht Club, took place In the St. Kilda Town Hall. The decorations were pro fuse and effective. Variety was given to them by the Introduction of oars, life buoys, nnil other adjuncts of nau tical life. Photographs of the club's yachts were In prominent positions, nnd from the balcony (luttcred pennants of many colors. A yacht occupied a place of honor In the balcony opposite the platform. Pot plants, the club's colors (red nnd white) in nrt fabrics, nnd fairy lights completed the decorations, which were not only artistic, but original. Oyston's hand played the dnnce music, and refreshments were served nil the evening from a prettily decorated buf fet. The space reserved for the vice regal party was handsomely furnished and decorated. Sir John Madden nnd suite nrrlved about 9 o'clock. Lady Muddcn was too Indisposed to be pre sent. The first set was danced by his Excellency the Acting-Governor and Mrs G. Turner ; Commodore Hall ami Miss Clarke; Mr. FltzGlbbon nnd Lady Clarke; Mr Thomas nnd Mrs M'Mullcn ; Mr. Jacoby and Mrs. S. Madden; Col. Campbell nnd 1111. Jncoby: Mr. Thone- innnn and Mrs. Thoncmann; Council lor Moore nnd Sirs. FltzGlbbon. Very handsome toilettes were the rule. Noticeable amongst these wore the flresses worn by the Misses Sylvia and Ruby Madden, who wore black satin dresses trimmed with chiffon: Lady Clarke's gown was of black .Velvet and white satin; Miss Clarke's dress was of reslda silk ; Mrs FltxGlbbon wore black brocade ; Mrs G. Turner, yellow satin; Lady Berry, black satin ; Miss -Berry, grey silk; Miss Berry, white satin ; Lady Benjamin, black vel vet ; Misses Turner, pink broche : Mrs Jncoby, terra' cotta brocade ; Miss Jacoby, orange - colored satin ; Miss Moore, pink fnlllo ; Miss Jamteson, white satin ; Mrs M'Mullen. black brocade. The Albert Park Rowing Club gave their annual ball the same evening In (he South Melbourne Town llall, which was elaborately decorated, on somewhat Llmllnr lines to the St. KlIda Town Hall. , Boats, flags, and nautical things weSi In evidence, and a scull boat was sus pended from. the southern gnlleiy. There was an excellent band, uiul light re freshments were served In an ante room. Some people who hud spent the earlier portion of the evening at the St. Kilda ball arrived nt the Albert Park Club's ball later. The ball was a great success, for which the following gentle men are inalnly responsible, viz.. Messrs Henderson, Allen,' Loyden, Ballantync, Mould, Swale, Swale, and Maefarluno. Amongst those who wore smnrt gowns were— Miss Marshall, pink silk ; Miss Powell, black silk; Miss Derhani, black satin; Mrs Knight, black satin ;; Miss IVebb, yellow silk; Mrs H. Outten, black faille; Mrs Pearco, black silk ; Miss Mahler, lilac silk; Mrs Hemming, black toilette; Mrs Jeffs, pink silk. A ball was given In the Masonic Hall, Collins street, on Tuesday evening, by tlio Ma Mtc Rosette Club. There was a good attendance, nnd Miss A. Cohen, tho honorary secretary, worked hard to maltc the ball the success It was. The music was up to dnlo, the refreshments of tho dalntloBt, and the dresses very handsome. Miss Alice Cohen wore green brocade; Miss Agnes Cohen, white crcpon and silk; Miss E. Bhudikl, white crcpon ; Miss Solomon, cream broche ; Miss Loel, all blue faille ; Miss Alex ander, pink silk; Miss E. Herman, pink crepon; Mrs Hyums, crcnm brocade ; Mrs L. Cohen, cream brocade; Miss Marks, white slk; Miss Blnshkl, black silk; Mrs J. Waxmnn, green silk; Mrs A. Levi, black broche. Mrs S. T. Staughton gave another At Home nt St. Neot's, Domain street, South Yarra, on Wednesday. There was tho usual large attendance of fashionable people, amongst whom Mrs Staugliton's delight ful Wednesday after noons are very popular. The ballroom wus beautifully decorated with clematis nnd ferns. Here the guests assembled after they had been received by Mrs Staughton and her daughters to listen to a musical programme contributed by Jlerr Hattenbach. who Is much in re quest nt musical homes. Miss Grolg, Miss Stevenson. Miss Mais, Mrs F. Stephen, Mr G. Paxton. nnd Mr Hutchinson. Light refreshments were served all the afternoon In the break- fast-room, which wus prettily deco rated. This week the lending drapers have been showing us what is to be fnshlon- able during the next few months. Quite functions these shows have become. One Is perfectly certain to see tlio elite of our city conning tho styles, ami eager to be amongst ho first to make their se lections. For the many who have not yet seen the spring novelties, I will make a few Jottings about points 1 re member— points the necessity of giving place to descriptions prevented me from descanting upon when writing of the shows. In dress materials, woollen cre- pontr arc the rage. Very dressy they look, too. Alpaca should bo just the very thing for thls cllmnte— lighter and cooler than the linens and not hftlf the summer at the laundry. Some French gowns of alpaca, made up with other materials, looked very stylish. There Is something new In collars to note— a change from tho eternal folded velvet. The front of the collar lurnu over lit front In large points, Inside tabs of ribbon are arranged to fall over, or a frill of one of the materials composing the dress Is brought up In a careless way. For capes, very pretty rullles' of chiffon arc fashionable, with (lowers catching up the chiffon at Intervals. These floral collarettes may bo had de tached to wear with any dress. This Is to be a season for capcs.( Smart ones in all materials aro seen. Ono, of the dulntlcst that I saw was caught up on the shoulders to nllow the huge sleeves of the blouse lo remain In view. Some or the satin and velvet collarettes are cut In long points to fall over the sleeves nnd down the centre. The cupes aro not deep, but as wide round as we have sometimes worn our skirts— three yards. Yet the "cut" is such that they fall over the shoulders the merest trifle. Hats are being trimmed nil round In much the same way in many cases, and a prodigious lot of stuff they take. Large bowsof handsome ribbon, bunches of :arge (lowers! You have no Idea Jjow gay the rooms look with the bright colored millinery turning them Into veritable flower gardens. It is to be a very "gay" season In the matter of bright colored head gear. The straws themselves arc all the colors of the rainbow to start with, some arc shot. Then on this basis ribbons, shot--chl- fons, shot too— flowers of gorgeous tints, not always colored after nature, not always the flowers we are used to In millinery— bright feathers, wide blades of grass; lace, diamond ornuments are built up!. How will you like wearing them? The hats and bonnets are trimmed to set out on each side. They suit some people wonderfully. The best authori ties tell me that though Melbourne la dles are nt once adopting these hats, they are setting their faces against dressing their hair In bandeaux. The fashion where these same hats come from— Paris. Do you know the shur- of Napoleon's hat? You will by the time you have done your shopping. One of the leading styles Is In that shape. Tlicy are in red. blue nnd green straws, and trimmed out much at tho side with bright flowers. Awfully chic, perhaps, but taking great liberties with the se verely plain style of the great man's bat. You see these are the sort of things women do on tho quiet; then, smiling beneath a hat that would make Napo leon's ghost blush, calmly plead for more liberty. Entre nous the fashion able woman ought to be charged doublft fare for travelling this summer, for by the time she has spread her godet skirt and butterfly sleeves, she will have filled the space that would do for two men. Well, the men can Btnnd— nnd pay. This will not alter the fact that they are the oppressors and we the oppressed. A meeting of the ladles of the "Pro duce" stall nt the forthcoming artists' carnival, was held last Tuesday after noon, and there was a very large at tendance. Mrs. F. C. Mason was In the chair. Those present handed to thesecre- tarlos a very favorable report of goods nnd donations promised. The costumes chosen are from the Norman-Saxon pe riod. It wns decided to hold a grand con cert and tablouux at tho Victorian Ar tists' Gnllerles, on Friday, 16th Inst., In aid of the stall, admission. Is. Some of the lending vocalists have kindly con sented to nssist. Miss Elolso Juno hns very generously undertaken to arrange the tableaux. The Mayor of St. Klhla and Mrs. Connlbere have issued Invitations for a concert In the St. Kilda Town Hall, on the 19th. Ills Excellency, Sir John nnd Lady Madden nnd suite will be present. The Malvern Gymnastic Club will hold n Cinderella In the Armadale Hall on the 2Slh Inst. In aid of Its funds. A quiet wedding wns celebrated nt the Scots' Church, Collins street, on Wed nesday afternoon, when Dr Marshall united Miss Sarah»Clarke, third daugh ter of Mr D. G. Clarke, of "Richmond Vale." Carrajong. nnd of Clarke street, Richmond, nnd Mr James Robertson, youngest son of tho late Mr John Rob ertson, of "Straun House," Narrncoorte South Australia, fa matrimony. A small company of invited guests witnessed tho ceremony, after which wedding tea was served at the residence of tho bride's parents, Richmond. Only rela tives and Intimate friends were pre sent. Afterwards Mr and Mrs Robert son left on a secret honeymoon, the bride's travelling gown being n smartly made tweed. Many handsome presents were received from Vlctorlnns and peo ple In South Australia, where tho bride and bridegroom will reside, Questions that have been put to me about Lady Madden's fancy dress ball are answered In tho following. Powder and pntches can be worn at pleasure. They arc not Imperative. It depends upon tho character. Ladies should not attempt to powder their own hair. The attempt is never . satisfactory. They come out like zebras or mottled. Any barher will arrange the hair to suit tho character, and powder it evenly and properly. Masks arc not to be worn. This being so, anyone presenting him self in one would run the rink of the orderly at the door requesting him to remove U. That Js the only answer I can give "Civil Service," who asks "would It bo proper to go In a mask If It were part of tho make up of the chnrncter assumed." Since it Is not a bal masque, it would not be right to seek to appear masked. The bnll Is for children, the adults who are to be present are those who are Invited be cause of (heir ofllchtl positions, their relationship to the .vlcc-rcgal family, and so forth. This cxplatnH "Mater," why you received Invitations for your children and your friend Invitations for herself and children. The Mayoress of Richmond (Mrs C. J. Jago) will hold a reception at the Town Hall Richmond, on Thursday 15th, from 3 to 5 p.m. On Thursday ovenlng another of the Brighton subscription dnnces, In aid of the fundH of the local Ladles' Bene volent Society, took place. In the Brigh ton Town Hall. It wus tho same success as the last dance under the same auspices. The annual meeting of tho Ladles' Work Association was held on Monday at tho Town Hnll, Sir John Madden presiding. A satisfactory report show ed that this useful society Is doing good work among poor gentlewomen. Af terwards the committee entcrtnlncd visitors at nftcrnnon tea at their rooms, the Block. Another sale of work Is pro jected In the near future, and tho society Is endeavoring to extend Its sphere of usefulnss by finding employ ment as teachers, etc., for members. Blouses of nil kinds nre to bo n fea ture this senson. The silk ones nre the smartest. Home lovely ones In China silk. blouse silk, nnd various fancy silks have been displayed by Messrs Rob ertson and Moffat since I was through at the private view before show day. The plaited front with large paste but tons ih varied by frills, lace, yokes, In sertions of lace over bright colored silks, etc. Indeed till one has seen the show of blouses, no two alike in style, one would not conceive It possible to have such a variety of the genus blouse. A tea jacket in pule blue brocade, made with half sleeves, finished with deep frills of white Ince, nnd white chiffon vest and plaited collur Inside a high collar of the brocade Is a picture.. Ho delicate and stylish. Home exquisite tea gowns are shown— one of pink nnd moss green attracts the eye on entering this department. Right down tho room a line of charming models ih displayed. They tempt me to enter Into long de scriptions. Still, however much our fancy may wander to tea gowns, tea Jackets nnd other fascinating thlngB.we must come back to where we started— blouses— for everyone must possess a silk one this summer, and here there is such an enormous array ut moderate prices, too. g The Bal Poudre of the Burwood Hunt' Club, to be held at the Huwthorn Town llall on Friday next, Is attracting a goad deal of attention in the fashion able world. , A Indies' committee has been at: work during the week co-operat lng with the gentlemen, and tho neces sary details nre all arranged. The , number of tickots Is limited, so as to ensure the dancers' comfort us well as enjoyment 