ONE LAW FOR ALL. . Tlr Dady Oook, n&. Xbnnebssk C. Claflin. Oun glorious pauso is liko that grain of mustard - seod which, once sown, grow into n noble tree, whoso protect ing rbranphes qvorshado.wod the whole; earth. "Wo have -had- too mauy in stances duriug'tho pnst.yonr of thoun- nnnnl 'conditions '.-whioh customs and laws apportion to woman. Gasps havo occurred, and very rooontly, in which' husbands havo slain tho soduoors of their wives'. In oaoli, apart from its merits, the slayer wiis generally., ap plauded. In tho last rooorded, ho was acquitted -by. a j ury, and loft the Court exulting in his act. But, let. a woman; kill the female seduoor of her; husband, lot her shoot, poisoni or stab" his mis- tress, ' and she becomes n oommon -malefactor, for whom judge, iurv. and society liiivo -neither'"- admiration nor pity. Plaudits for tho man. tho scaffold or penal servitude. . for tho woman. - - Now, we do not advocate that women should be permitted. to murder. We simply point out tho different mood of " justice " awarded to onoh for a pre cisely similar offence. . Again, everyone knows or ought to know that it is a common thing for a mn.n fn linvA nnA nr morn TTiipfrrnHHriH on whom he bestows his attentions and his wealth. Somo peoplo talk as if this wore only a continental praotioe. Would to God it wero. But the ohiof difference is thnt hero men have their mistresses secretly, and on tho conti nent openly. Ia both places thoy lcoep a wife for profit or reputation nnd a mistress for pleasure. Tho wife is encouraged to eoonomiso, the mistress to bo extravagant; And ofton the mistress onn only be afforded through tho onroful expenditure of tho wife. Nor is this confined to worldlings. How many a canting hypocrite goes through tho littlo farco of religious observances and home decorum during one part of tho day, and is lockod in tho arms of n lowd woman for tho re mainder? If Asmodous would lift tho houso-roof3 for us during nny twenty-four hours of the yoar, and permit us to look down on all going on in this great city, whnt do my renders think thoy would see ? But if presumably reputable women took to polyandry, what would bo said of them? Or oven if ono depraved and aberrant creature so sinned, would not society throughout tho longtli qnd breadth of this Christian country stono hor till she died ? Woraon mnko al lowances for the failings of men. How aro these kindnossos reciprocated ? Wivos are constantly soon to cling to thoir husbands in all misfortunes that may beiall them. Thoir largo-hoartod- ness and loyalty impel them to follow with true sympathy oven to the foot of tho gallows. This is all as it should bo. But let a husbnud staud by his wifo in her errors or crimes, lot him sit near to watch over her, say in a oourt of justice, whon sho stands a prisoner, and 'tho -world will wonder how any modern man could ' be so foolish or so chivalrous. What is ex pected from a woman surprises us in a man: The man. who is unfaithful to- his wife looks to hor for forgivonoss. Hor ohnrity covoroth a multitude of sius. Rnroly doos sho romnin obdurate to his expressions of ponitonco and ainondraont, nnd hor gonorosity is vory froquontly tested. But tho sinning woman oxpeots no pity, hocnuso it is so seldom ncoorded. For hor to fall is to ho condemned, nnd to he condomned is to bo expellod from homo, husband, ohildron, and caste. What shnll wo say thon to thoso things? Is it from hor inferiority or from man's injustice, nnd tho far moro cruol injustico of woman to woman,- that what is vonial in the 0110 is ns the sin against tho Holy Ghost in tho other ; that what is loyalty in the woman is monnnoss in tho man; and that ho may with impunity do that, daily whioh would be mornl nnd social death to lior to do once in a lifotimo ? Wo protest against tho assortion of hor inferiority. At oaoh point hor conduct proves tho contrary, and othor circumstances give force to our argument. We would by no means excuse im morality in a woman any more than in .0 man. But wo pload for equality of judgment. And wo protest ngainst tho loathsome hypocrisy that publicly requires women to bo chaste and privately dobauohos them whon the opportunity occurs. Wo protest against the law which divoroos a wife for adultery but refuses to divorce tho husband for - the like offence. Wo protest ngninst all systoms of morality whioh nro modified by sex, nnd against all legislation which refuses a com plete sopnrntion to thoso who aro divided in heart, nnd whoso legal union is rendered intolerable through mutual weariness, opposing sym pathies, disgusting habits, or general incompatibility. Such oouplos are already divorced by tho otornal law of nature, n law suporior to any formula ted by priest or layman, The existing, marriage law, tlio laws of primogeni ture, bastardy, and inheritance, ar0 8 framed thnt, instead of being moral safeguards, they offer the grontost incentives to immorality. Wo nro wise in many sciences, strong in invention, nnd rich in discovery. But tho ono of most importanco, Social Science, has comparatively few Btudents, and is littlo under stood or regarded. We roquiro search ing aiid thorough examinations of Candidates for any office in our public departments, from a rural postman to "an attache, hut from thoso who mnko tho laws nnd rule tho Empire wo de mand no proof of knowledge- necessary to their functions. A prosperous but- torman from Cork, an inoxporienoed scion of n wonlthy house, or a youth ful ondot of a great one, a butcher, baker, grocer, tailor, ploughman, or raw mechanic, is ns eligible for tho suffrages of parliamentary constituen cies as the most dovotod atudont of sooial soienoo, as a Gairss, a Mill, or a Spencer, and perhaps would stand a fairer ohnnoe of eleotion; Thus the yote of an ignoramus may "nullify that of a philosophor; tho shallow— who: aro always most numerous— may swamp the' profound ; tho superficial men of narrow vostry idons outvote those whose penotration 'is .-deepest - and-, thoir views wider than the wants of a hinds. ' Tfc ir no' wonder, thon. 'whon nnj' bigot, faddist or. tyro, .who .oan worm himself into tho House of Com mons, beopujes at once a full-blown legislator, that our ihws are often con flicting,- unreasonable, and- -unjust ;- that our foreign policy is d vgariio hi shilly-shally, and" our homo: polioy a oonstant wobbling from reason to un reason. 'Good government requires oloar and undoviating views of equity and social needs. In this way nlono can w.e bo strong abroad and happy at home. If thoso who legislate for tjho education of the masses would, also apply a necessary educational tost for themselves, tho Houso might be come a most powerful lover for the elevation of society. Wo want men of cultured mind and noble iudopendonoo in our Housos of Parliament, and espouially in tho Lower Houso, and not mere owners of wide acres, or big bank balances, nor. greedy brewers ni-,4 InwIjnvR mnkinn- " M.P." n. ston- ping-stono to personal ambition nnd sacrificing -.the country to party ox-, igonoios. The women voters of New Zealand have just given us nn objoct lesson nnd shown how men ought to vote. Whon it shnll have been loarnt hero, our oauso will bo full of fru ition, nnd our moral perceptions will bo cleansed of tho- errors that now oloud thorn. Immorality and injus tico will 110 longor flourish under spooious names, nor tlirit bo thought good in a man whioh would bo evil in a woman. There must bo ono law for nil, one rule' of ' right, ono -measure of capacity, and privileges to sox and sex alike. - 