THE CASE OF MRS. ANDERSEN. One who is much interested in obtaining the release of this poor woman asks us to publish the following summary of the circumstances which led to her receiving a sentence of imprisonment for life :— While carrying on a superior boarding house in Sydney. Mrs. Andersen had John Fraser introduced to her as a fit object for her benevolence. He was sick and destitute. As she had done to many others before she did to him, she nursed him, fed him, clothed him, and kept him for six years. Fraser boasted of great expectations: at least £16,000 must necessarily come to him, he stated, when his father died, and on such occasions he promised to recompense Andeisen most liberally; £1000,. he stated, would not suffice to reward her for her outlay and kindness. Ultimately he left Sydney without settling his debt, and court proceedings brought against him early last year ended in a judgment against him for £440 15s. Andersen came to Melbourne on several occasions to get a settlement from Fraser, and in June, last year, having sold her business in Sydney, she was here for that purpose. On the 19th June, 1894, an agreement was to be entered into between Fraser and Andersen, the former to pay the latter 15s. per week until the debt and interest were paid. At the last moment Fraser refused to sign, and they both left their solicitors' office together. During the afternoon they visited several hotels, and at 8 p.m. they called at Weindrawer's house in Bourke-street, when Andersen took a parcel of bread and butter out of her trunk which she had left there. From there they went to the Southern Cross hotel, a few doors off. Sittingon a sofaina private parlour they had several drinks, and near 10 o'clock two shots, fired in quick succession, were heard from their room. On entering the parlour Fraser and Andersen were found, apparently dead, Andersen sitting at one end of the sofa to the left of Fraser, who sat at the other end. Fraser had a bullet wound in his left temple, and Andersen one behind her right ear. A revolver was lying on the floor in front of Fraser, some distance from Andersen. Andersen was found to be alive, and after a week's stay at the Melbourne hospital she was removed to the gaol hospital. Five weeks later she was brought before the coroner, who, after examining several witnesses, told the jury that there was little doubt about Andersen having shot Fraser, and the jury, after three minutes' deliberation, found Andersen guilty of murder. At the trial in August no witnesses were called for the defence, and Andersen's constitutional right, to have half the jury consist of her own countrymen, was not insisted upon. After fifty minutes' deliberation, the jury found Andersen guilty of killing Fraser, and she was sentenced to be hanged. The foreman of the jury admitted afterwards that they were under the impression that Andersen had had adulterous relations with Fraser, and hence the verdict of guilty without a recommendation to mercy. Seven statutory declarations, supported by the police report, however, conclusively prove Andersen to have lived an absolutely chaste and virtuous life, without a spot on her character in any way. A petition for the commutation of Andersen's death sentence was, after only three days' advertising, signed by 18,000 persons, and proved successful. A public meeting, called later on, was attended by 1200 persons, who, with three exceptions, prayed for a free pardon for Andersen, on account of the new light thrown on the case. Besides the statutory declarations as to Andersen's blameless character, a closer scrutiny of the medical evidence at Andersen's trial goes to prove it a physical impossibility for Andersen to have inflicted the fatal wound on Fraser. From its position and all the surrounding circumstances, it is certain that no one but Fraser himself could have inflicted the wound. On the Secretary to the Law Department being approached concerning an inquiry, he called attention to a letter in the Age of December 7th last, which, he stated, contained the views of the Department on the case. As this letter contained statements, all of which were utterly false, and as the report on the case to the Executive was based on these views, which consequently naturally led to an unfavourable decision, justice demands that a searching independent inquiry should be granted into all the circumstances of the case of this unfortunate woman. A number of her friends in Sydney, headed by the wife of the Danish Consul there, are very anxious to take charge of her, and care for her future, if she be given into their keeping. Perhaps the most important result of last week's debates and divisions—particularly the divisions— was the revelation that there is a distinct tendency in the majority to cut down duties. Consequently, members in the Ministerial corner are commencing to murmur, and the Age is threatening to threaten. These things are the stormy petrels of Parliamentary life. After each reduction TRENWITH waxes more and more apoplectic in his eloquence; PRENDERGAST'S saturnine countenance grows gloomier; HANCOCK seems hurt; the sanctified SANGSTER puzzled ; and all who have looked towards the Labour party for light and leading, reproachful. There is a general air of bewilderment on the faces of the rebuffed, which could be best expressed in a slight local adaptation of " Language from Truthful James " :— " Do we sleep ? Do we dream ? Do we wander and doubt ? Are things what they seem ? Or is visions about ? Is our Prohibition a failure ? Or is our Protection played out ?" Yet, as the alarmed and astonished Age admits, the tariff reducers " have not ruined any local industry so far." But before they have finished they are fully expected to effect the direst destruction. There can be no doubt that the extremists, who follow the masterly leadership of MURRAY SMITH, would do this " an they could." But, as the section—wide the 25 per cent, division—only numbers 13, it is safe to say that they couldn't. Meantime, the Protectionists who are voting for reductions are in the Ay pilloried as poltroons; while in the Arpus they are paraded, in all the prominence of capitals, as patriots! They pay their twopence and get both. * * * * * Knowing Parliamenteers declare that they knew what was going to happen as soon as GRAVES declared his attitude. He is the political weathercock, and it has become a proverb, always included in advice to new members, that if you want to know how the wind's blowing, watch GRAVES. * * * * * The members who have been " in the trade " loom up large when their special item is arrived at. Thus GRAY, who intermits attention to a drapery business with his Parliamentary duties, received the respect always bestowed on expert evidence when " dress goods " came up. He, like Zox, knows all about the matter from ell-wand experience. Not so such aristocratic authorities as MADDEN, who dogmatised on the width of " piece goods " with equal assurance. It would amount almost to treason to suggest that the brother of Queen Victoria's second-hand representative had ever done anything so vulgarly respectable as serve behind a counter. Not that he might not have done so, and even acted as a shopwalker in a best Collins-street shop, with conspicuous success. But there was evidence of feminine inspiration in his facts and figures, showing that the " shrieking cockatoo " is in authoritative circles not considered objectionable in politics, provided her sentiments and information be properly phonographed. * * * * * It was HAMILTON'S opportunity when the item " axles " was reached, and he took advantage of it with deadly, and to his corner associates, disconcerting effect. For instance, when TRENWITH was eloquently descanting on an alleged Collinge axle, which he was exhibiting, he was pulled up short with the pointed query, " Is that a Collinge's axle which you have in your hand?" "I have it marked as such," was the cautious reply. " Well, it is not a Collinge's axle; it has a Collinge's collar, which is a different thing." TRENWITH looked foolish, and confessed that he did not know much about what he was talking on, whereupon he got the malicious advice from opposite to " stick to his last." * * * * * The crux of the axle question, ably elucidated by HAMILTOS# was that there are about Go persons locally employed making axles, whose position would not be injured if a reduction in duty were made. On the other hand, there are upwards of 2000 persons employed in the coachbuilding trade whose positions would be considerably improved by a lower import. "The tax on axles is simply a revenue duty, and I am opposed to all revenue duties," declared the Bendigo member of the Fabian Society. Finally the duties were brought down two or three hundred per cent , and HAMILTON was enrolled in the Argil< list of patriots-which kind of chaff he is knowing enough not to mistake for grain. * * * * * To the Labour party the unemployed question is what gambling is to the Churches—a subject to raise in order to show that they are alive. HANCOCK introduced it with a querv relative to railway work. In the absence of Railway Minister Williams, the Premier replied to the effect that the Government hoped to have some work available shortly. But " bnuche va toujours." The work is wanted at once, so that stomachs shall not too long remain unemployed. Therefore HANCOCK moved the adjournment, and being supported by the needful twelve, started a two-hours' discussion, during which the following specific grievances were retailed : — t. That the Railway Department's system of registering candidates for employment is imperfect. 2\. That men of undeserving character are given work. 3\. That the nominees of members are not given preference. 4\. That necessary works are improperly called " relief works. 5\. That men employed theieSn are sweated. * *, V* ' " * In regard to the fii*ST rna^tef, GURR mi^Mhis practical utterance desciWu^: oitejy.VnethoU^'-assisting his workless constituents ':— 4 fyi V"' ; He called on the Engineer in-CineCof the tfailwiyvP^partment, and asked him how the work w;is to Ii4 : allatlcd<t6 th&foien; of the various districts. That gentlettts'n . tfilc^ a certain proportion would be taken from eachijiismA«--ffe (Mr. Gurrl then intimated to the unemployed of Geelong that if they registered their names at his office he would subsequently meet thein. He gave them a week in which to register Uleir names, and then announced through the press that on a ccrtain day he would meet thein. They attended at his place of business. He called over their names, and saw that some of them were physically unfit for the work to be done at Jumbunna. He told them so, and struck their names off the list, 6ftytwo names were left on the list, and he said to these men— " Now, 1 have done all that it is possible for a Member of Parliament to do. This list of names will be sent to the Railway Department, and when the drawing takes place no doubt a certain number will be taken from Geelong. If you are not employed you must not blame inc. I have done my part." If every honorable member had adopted this course they would have had no difficulty whatever with the unemployed. True. Now, in the absence of a Labour Bureau, or a Labour Department, with Minister and appurtenances, why should not the Labour party pursue some such similar business-like course ? Why should not the Trades Hall be a Labour Bureau for the time being, and the Labour members, Labour Bureaucrats ? * * * * * The more or less blundering Barrett hints at what answer to these queries might be forthcoming :— Since he had been a member he had often wished himself a country member, in order that he might escape the number of men who called on him every morning asking for work in vain. The work which a member of Parliament was now called upon to do vias utterly degrading. He sincerely hoped that the Government would remember that, and do something to stop the evil. You see, for a Labour member to busy himself about getting work for a Labour constituent is " utterly degrading;" an evil which ought to be stopped ! * * * * * In connection with the complaint that men of drunken habits and undeserving character are given employment, are the Labour members aware that lists of all applicants are regularly forwarded by the Railway people to the Police authorities for enquiry and report ? Possibly the police occasionally furnish good solid reasons why some of the nominees of members should not be employed. * * * * * As to the Alleged Sweating, if work is really of " relief " character, unnecessary and unprofitable, there is a plausible plea for payment of low wages. But such a thing as "relief" work should not be recognised. It, or anything else, certainly should not be allowed to stand as an excuse for starvation pay, which perhaps in the long-run may be considerably worse than starvation no- pay. * * * * * The vital question is not that of relieving but of preventing worklessness, and MURRAY gave vague expression to this view when he said :— " The present session was not a very old one, but honorable members had begun at the wrong place by indulging in a wordy discussion on the Tariff question, and, led away by a few Conservative demagogues, had neglected the true evil which lay at the root of all the depression. The radical demagogue was bad enough, but when the country undertook to follow the Conservative demagogue it was on the high road to perdition. No matter whether the discussion on the Tariff led to the adop. tion of free-trade or protection, the real evil which lay at the root of all the present suffering would not have been confronted." Note that expression, " Conservative demagogue !" * * * * * The weekly political disturbance of peaceful ignorance usually throws up to the surface some gas-bubble of more vitality than its fellows. Last week's inflic tion was " the man Rogers," a fussy little fellow, full of funny fads, fancies, and general fiddle-dee-dee. He used to be a schoolmaster—fatal vocation to the fatuous — and now is author, political economist, and inventor ! It seems that there are 1000 inventors daily pestering the Railway Department with their inventions, and ROGERS, M.P., is one of them. Hence these tearful remarks on the motion from T. SMITH for a select committee to report on " appliances for the prevention of railway-carriage door accidents " : — When inventors pestered the Railway Department they did not get a hearing. A man might go to the Department and tell them he could show them how to save £10,000 a year by some improvement he had invented, but lieraignt just as well stay at home, or write his recommendation on a slip of paper, wrap it round a pebble, and throw it into Port Philip Bay, because the Department would not listen to him. He (Mr. Rogers) spoke from personal observation and personal experience. He was one of those who had pestered the Railway Department. He wanted to show then] how to save a good deal of money, and lie "had conceit enough to think he could do it, but he had also the prudence to get the opinions of the best railway engineers and experts, including the late Minister of Railways (Mr. Wheeler), who did good service in that department, and who said that the adoption of his (Mr. Rogers') invention would save a large amount of money. Prominence is given to these remarks because it is just as well that " the man with an axe to grind " should be well known. It would be beneficial if all members were as candid in regard to their motives as is " the man Rogers." * * * * * After Railway Minister WILLIAMS had on various grounds bluntly denied the capacity of a lay committee to sit in judgment on railway inventions, and the crest-fallen inventors had filed out of the Strangers' and Speaker's galleries, MouLEjtrotted out that 33- year-old litigant ghost, " the case of W. R. Merry v. Regina." This was once more parleyed with and politely laid to rest, making way once more for that toughest and most unpicturesque of all tangibilities— the Tariff. * * * * * Cotton blankets" were discussed, and finally put on the free list, apparently on the grounds that their use was responsible for numerous fatal lung troubles. The victorious argument, however, was that poor people are unable to purchase the woollen article. Therefore in future the poverty-stricken will get their cotton bed coverings and their consumption at a minimum cost. * * * * * While the Freetraders are disposed to unduly exult, it may be as well to observe that the increase of the duty on " Blacklead, in less than 2-lb. packages," from 10 to 20 per cent., in order to provide work for packers, was the first time, so far, that the true principle of Protection has been challenged. The Freetrade fanatics were conspicuously over. whelmed on the voices. * * * * * Two other things may be noted. 1st, that Bourkestreet tradesmen are commencing to stick extracts from HANSARD, in which they are named, on their shop windows as advertisements; 2nd, that the ultraprotectionists are chiefly city members, while the moderates and fanatic freetraders generally represent country constituencies. * * * * * In the Council there is nothing of interest to note except a rather pious discussion of the Theatres Act Amendment Bill. The strongest point in favour of the restriction of Sunday performances is the fact that the performers are required to do seven days' work for six days' pay. Unless the proprietors promptly meet this argument by immediately undertaking to pay fair wages, they can expect their golden-egg-laying goose to be well and duly killed. DORIAN. 