OHwtonotiomaay years ago that I ehipped • a» seoond m&te; aboard the solipper Tamar, from<31asgowto 'ITrisMvwitliaSmwcal-wiiid.'-': They signed me on .'at the las tmowen t,ihe otherman having beend>aken by thepolioe for quad-gamy, as the skipper wis"pleased ito term: it. Mypredeoeasorappesred to be an admirer of matrimony, but iikejmoit enthaiisets rhU -goal carried bim .to excesses. Aproudend happy man I was when I stepped aboard the !i Tatnarat Dunoon, for ahe was a ploture of a ship. Bhe was my lueky ship,'too; for three years after, when eba..went into the.port of London, Xjwas her master, and fromher X got < into the company V sorvioo. I was a gaunt, weedy-looking chap/having hadaronghtime : ashore, and in spite of my fifteenyears at sea j and master's oartifieate, oldWilkius, the skipper, growled when heaaw me, ."If ever a j man .was wanted it is aboard thisark, and they'resent me a tiootoh herring-hone." . " I hope there is tome beef in the harness oaskthat'll soon put my-weight up, air," I repHed; at which he granted and waddled into] hie oabiu. My skipper's manners were not attraotire, bat hie appearance was even leu so. He was a heavy, dabby, drink-sodden men, and evi dently had not recovered from his drams ashore. At a glanoe it was easy to see the Tamer wae a bad ship. The crew were a deoent-looking lot of lads, with a fair sprinkling of tongh old shellbacks among tbom; but there wee no go in the orowd. j They slunk about with glum faces, they | obeyed an order smartly, but always with a glanoe over their shoulders, I went fnrrnd and fonnd them too obsequious. The mer- 1 ohant seamen are always independent and manly, and, in spite of their abject appear- j anoe, can laugh. These men had been ill-; treated, oertainly not by Wilkins, for a fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This was soon ex plained when Ranald, the first mate, oame on board. Although hB bailed from Haliflx, N.S., he | was a Yankee, and had tyrant stamped on every inch of bim. He wae a powerful, long- ! armed man, with a loud voioe, cold grey eyee that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. Hie was the face of a handsome red skin, hairlesB, straight features—expression less, yet ever alert. Strange as it may asem, he wsb a gentleman of refined manners, con siderable onlture, and far more luxurious habits than a seafaring man can usually indulge. Bully is hardly the term for euoh a man; but, so masterful wae his nature, that : he tyrannized over orew, captain, and officers alike. He welcomed me with courtesy, and eoon appreciated my seamanship; but when it oame to bullying we disagreed. I believe in allowing men as much liberty as may be consistent with discipline, and like to j hear a fiddle going and the lade singing f urrud on a quiet night. A eong as they go round the oapstan, a chanty as they haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh as often ae poesible doesn't cost the owners anything. It's better than having men loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, ae they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in bim was an Irish apprentice named Reilly. The chief hated him, and treated him with considerable brutality. We had words when I enoouraged the men to sing, wbioh terminated by bis refusing to disouea the disoipline of his orew with a Scotch sea | lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not skipper the look he gave me wbb unpleasant. AstheBkipper was generally getting drunk, or sleeping off bie drink, I had charge of a I watch, eo rarely oame in oontaot with Ranald when off duty. Now, I'm fond of literature, and upon the rare oooations we met we had some very pleasant ohats together, until one evening a little discussion ended hotly by his ref uaing to aaoept a quotation on the authority of an "illiterate Sootchman." Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were the beet edu oated people in the world ; while as for Yan kees, I told him what I tbonght of them. And north of the Tweed, gentlemen, we never ] forget either injury or insult. At last, one evening down in the South ; Atlantic, our smouldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald wae seated in his ohair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dreseed in 'a euk sleeping suit, with a : bandkerohief round his throat, and as he lonnged there with half-olosed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh oame from a gronp of men by | the galley. " Stop skylarking 1" he shouted. It was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. "Mr. Ranald," I said very distinobly, " when I am in oharge of the deok I'll trouble yon to remember that I give orders until re- j lieved or roduoed by the captain." Then,v strolling to the pooprail, I shouted, "Amuse ] yourself, my lads, within reason, like free- j born Englishmen, and remember you're Bailing under the British flag, not the Yankee grid- i iron, whioh means more stripes than stars for . seamen." j They say Scotsmen joke with difficulty; well that witticism cost me dear. The men laughed uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his ohair in an instant, rushed into the waist and knocked the hulking lubbers about like nine pins. Then, with a grim smile, he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage, and ae he passed to his ohair, he bustled me. It was enough; one weli-direoted blow sent him down on the deok. There was a hoarse | roar of approval from the men in the j waist. " Silenoe, you cowardly blackguards," I J oried, when Ranald flew at me like a panther and olutohed my throat. I hammered at him furiously, but he ebook me as a terrier does a j rat, and draggedme to the eide. 1 was like a child in his iron grip, my senses were fast | leaving me, as I twisted my bands convulsively j iu his neokolnth. The clouds seemed to be falling, the aky was red, and filled with shooting stare. As in a dream I saw the j horror-stricken faces of the men at the wheel, and Reilly, with a hand-Bpike above hie head, oreeping up behind us. Half lifting me over the taffrail, he removed hie right hand from my throat and slipped it into the breast pooket of hie shirt. I e&w; the knuokle -duster gleaming on bie hand bs he withdrew it, and stepped book to get room for hie blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an ( ioy breath of wind etruok my book and shoulders. I Bhivered, but 'Ranald ■ stood frozen^ The savage look of uncontrolled ; passion on hie faoo had given plaoetooneof terror. Waving his hands before him with a beseeching gesture he staggered backwards, oarrying me, hanging helplessly on to bis neokclotb. Reilly dropped th'e hand-spike and eerambled under the after gratings. Staggering across the deok I seized it and faoed mv enemy. He stood ereot and motion less with hls arm drawn back as if to strike a blow. The tenor was fading from his face. "Stand book,' he cried, gradually raising his voiae, "stand bank, Walter,or". . . andhe struck ont furiously into spaoe. Then he laughed deliriously, and turning towards me eaid with a-vacant look in hie eyes, "Didyounotioe theyoun'g.boodlum? -I 'j guess he thought to scare me. Now I reokon he just crawled np the side and stood on the ''Hu yoito riioa away in n whil^r as his tnrnbd: oahjs htM .and lMhr*tfDH#£M ^Ui fellow and ehuddered. FreBfmtly he strnck n jnatbb'.bt a;ttg*r;'nhd glanoed :*t us uneasily^ 1 Bay, Frazer,'he seid, with a pleasant laagh, •you'll oblige:mejbybeingmore-'bstofuL Wben Ilasexny temper I, 1mo my head, "and aocidentlhkppen.'" '••>■:•; ••'•:.^v: ■■■:' "Voryr^cSsiblyv'M ireplied. "Would yon mind taking oirarge jof: her lor a -few, minutest" •:■.■ ■ "%■ -"-r. Hastening below, ! took myrevolver and half wdozen cartridges from my'lodker. Standing at his side by thepoop raillloaded theuhambers carefully, then slipping it into my pooket looked'steadily athim.Here tnrned my look with a smile. . - The incident was never referred to, bat from that evening, like the majority of men aboard, the first mate frequently glanoed over hie shoulder. ;■/> Whenever the skipper came on deok'be was ball sober. and found fault with every body and everything. ' It was near the end of the seoond dog watoh one gloomy evening that he oame on to the poop and commenced, Ranald was. in oharge, and had been shortening sail, so. 'we drew near to bear the fun. * "Hot of lubbers! —good enough for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag a reef 1—this ain't a laundry 1" So ho gram bled on until Ranald oried furiously— "Show me what'e wrong, you drunken swab, and I'll show you that an American oan right it 1" "Drunken swab, eh ?" growled Wilkins as he steadied himself by the rail and oast bis eye aloft, "Waal, ttr. Yankee, the weather earring of the mizzentopiail is alack, and I don't oall that toggling. You oan bully my orew, but you can't do thing* yourself." "Then see if you oan sail your own ship I" roared Ranald, and in another moment he was racing up the ratlines. I sauntered aft with young Erioeon, to grumble at our drunken skipper and maniao ohief. Presently Wilkins growled "Umphl He took a hand to do the work. Aloft there, it doesn't want two to tighten a lashing," he shouted. He was in a condition to see twenty men instead of one, so I glanced oarelessly aloft. Erioson olutohed my arm, and we stood thrilled by the terror of the unknown. Ranald had desosnded to the mizzentop, and from behind the masthead the ghoBt was gliding. It was white from head to foot, and was dressed in a jersey and slaoks. It stood perfeotly motionless, pointing at him with its right arm. Startled by the skipper's voioe, the unfortunate man paused. Then, seeing the speotre, staggered back with an awful cry. There yvas a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzentop was empty. "Thedeuoed fool," said the skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added, with an insane giggle, "anyhow, I owe him sixty pounds. I rushed to the place where the man had fallen. Eriosm, a Norseman, respected the wraith. There was tbe buzz of eager voioes furrud, and what was suspiciously like a suppressed oheer. The poor fellow groaned as I turned him over. It was indeed a terrible fate for suoh a splendid man. Hie back was broken and hie lower limbs paralysed. It was five minutes before I oould get any man to oome near us. At last the oook brought brandy, and a oirole of unsympathetio faoeB gathered round. He groaned weakly and opened hie eyes as I poured it down his throat. " Don't move me," he whispered. " I'll die here alt alone. Send those men forward." I hustled tbe orowd away. "Frazer, Frazer," he oried faintly, "you stand by me. It won't be for long. He traoked me down at last. It is alwayB so. I treated him as I was going to treat you that night, and he olimbed up the side and on the taffrail painting at me. It was years ago, and, God knows, I've paid for it. Sooial position, country, family—I lost them all. Uome nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother—be mentioned a name too well known to be repeated—you oan have my kit and oasb. Make Wilkins pay that sixty. Now leave me, for I am dying. I'm not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive $ I never was." Alone on tbe gloomy deok, with the great vault of heaven overhead, where the riatng wind blew the olouds across the moon, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its oold breath, the murdemdied in silence and with out a fear. The ohief officer lit a fresh obeeroot, and nobody spoke until Fibler was detected glano ing over his shoulder. " Now, Frazer, own up. Do you, a Soots man, who are the best educated people in the world, believe in that ghost ?" " Implicitly, and I'll toll you why. When he went for me that night I say it was the association of ideas brought his crime suddenly back to his mind, which, being disturbed by passion, distorted his thought into a wraith." " Most lucid, but ss to the seoond appear anoel" " Well, I had special opportunities for judging,"said Frazer with a twinkle in his eyes. " Being the first man furrud I saw the' ghost slide down tbe mizzsnstay and scuttle into the fo'-cstie. He also remarked * Be gorra, bhoys, it's dead he is,' whiob is toler ably good Irish, while Ranald's viotim was an Amerioan. Ab a matter of faot, while [ was shouting for help, they were brushing flour cff young Shsmus Reilly, and pouring brandy down tbe imp's throat. " And, sir, what did you do to bring that lad to justioe?" demanded the Chief Justioe. " Well, eir, if a man takes the law into his own hands, he oan't complain if he falls by lawless means. Anyhow, Ranald would not. He had treated that lad brutally, for the Board of Trade and Shipping Aots don't go very far to eea ; so as justice oooaeionally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only mair-who was muoh affected was Wilkins. The poor; besotted oreature got an idea into his head that be had caused the disaster, and be gave ns an anxious three weeks before be had finished his last drinking bout. After that: we were not unduly troubled either bv ghosts or spirits aboard the Tam&r.;" —H. Lamdbb, in Weekly Time*. 