NOTES AND JOTTIN^ Federation! Yes! And WW will that do, supposing it ever com ' H pass f In Bpite of the apparent unanf > at the late congress, the^ealuS^ 1 Federal Union is almost as far off « There are too many doctor* awaS? deliverance, and too many cooks t&a; ^ mix the caudle cup when all i* „!! Ii! ensure a successful issue. Like H,p r b Trotwood Copperfield that was to L ^ who, to the otter disgust of Aunt feL^ turned out to be a boy, Federation^' lair at present to culminate in a Li tangle. The experts in attendance ™ f anticipated delivery are not yet and, so for as circumstances show likely to agree on several important iJ 1 * 1 attaching to the crisis. "Take my aays Dr. Codlin, "don't ask me wh r £ * it. " \- . . Short's -!»„>.*• very w e ji as he goes, but the real friend it Codlin not Short." It is said that in pre-Mewun? times every mother in Israel honed »,.„, birth to Shiloh. Here, however, these times, there must not be any fed." 1 tion unless each several colony can ^ it at its own convenient time and fashion*' after its own sweet will. That ancie" obstructionist, Sir 'Enry, seeing that the" is a possibility of matters in that directs coming to m crisis—perhaps earlier th. his conservative notions led him to expJ —now comes forward, unasked, and to take part in the consultation. He, onlt of all the Grand Old Men in the « < (thank goodness, there are not many grandees), claims, according to pre® tele grams, " that amidst the political con. fusion now prevailing, his has been tl. only broad, intelligent, and consul course." Everything by tarns aud notbtn long—consistent in nothing except iiUk hunting and self-magnifying, and hari D . long since for the fiftieth time relinqaii^ political life and all its worries—he tns now, when he imagines that he sees it ghost of a chance towards the ousting the Premier from office, after hob-nobbii? with the late Premier, Sir George Dibls and anybody else possessed of the lea? influence, "makes no secret of his deal: to get rid of the present incompetet Ministry, and invites men from all side to join bim in rendering service to South Wales and Australia." Aud, a:L should have added, to—himself. It , evident that the *' Old Man " (the % may be omitted) has brought himself t believe that he is possessed of the onh cure for the diseases with which il ; various colonies are afflicted: and l seems determined that if he can't t installed as physician-in-chief the secr? shall die with bim. 'Tis to be hoped thi when he does depart hence he will better provided for, and Australia, as: whole, bo able to survive the loss. One bogy at a time not beiDg sufficien: another must show itself in South Am tralia, threatening to block the way : Federation. Unfortunate Federation, ha\; patience, and thou wilt eveutually reac: thy journey's end. As is well knutrn, there is an old-standing dispute between Victoria and South Australia about a stri; of ground in the west of this colony, whic: strip the adjacent colony claims as of rii'ti When the boundary line between the t» colonies was marked out in 1847-4H,iU>j supposed to be and " was accepted at th: correct boundary," but wheu the geodetic L. survey of thiB colony in 1857 had coir pleted its labors that marked liue appeare; to be some 2i miles east of its prujit: position. South Australia, it was «uiposed, had encroached upon Victoria: territory, whereas it was afterwards fuiiK that in consequence of errors in tl- " Nautical Almanac » irablic&tioa; plicitly relied upon for astronomical <j< servations—Victoria was m possession a strip of land 242 miles in length an: one and a half miles in breadth beloDgin: to South Australia." Of late years muc correspondence has at times taken pla^ between the two colonies ; yet, althous the dispute was referred to the Priij Council so far back as 1674, nothin definite has come of it. As a matter o historic fact, South Australia did uotieei: to care a jot about the rightful ownenhi; of the disputed territory so long as i retained possession of it, but ever siucf the scientific feet was ascertained that tin line was two and a half miles in error, ar^ against her, there has been little else tk discontent and growling. Certainly, :: this is thus, it is hard lines for the eisl" colony to be kept oat of its rights—sou 1 300 square miles—by a colony ownios; territory of 88,000 square miles, whi!=' impoverished South Australia lias an srn of only 380,000 square miles, exclusive - over 500,000 square miles in the Norther territory. However, supposing that - original survey is wrong, and suppush also that the last may be wrong, who it - determine the right 1 Victoria had a tc vey made which is not disputed: S^. Australia has not cared to make one, can,- for the land only. Like Ahab of old, eh has a big estate of her own, but she cove; also the diminutive portion of her neebbor Naboth's, which lies contiguous to i- And for what ? Not for the iotrirn: worth of the land itself, bai for ulteri' purposes, which are now showing then Belves. The reason ostensibly assignr by Mr Kingston, the Premier of ths colony, viz., that Victoria " embarked o a course of provincial protection near!; 30 years ago, and has ever since pe-' sietently continued and extended it (> : many years until the other colom? adopted protection by way of deferand retaliation," is not sufficient eitffi for declining to enter heartily into t' federation question ; and that gentlennae much as hints that so long as ^ Government of South Australia is k; out of its rights (?) there is small chan" of Australian federation being accoi plished. But even were the " f ost jf vince," as it has been termed, to be ba^w over as desired, who knows that pern"? very shortly afterwards both ibe eupp^; 141st longitudinal line and the <me fc surveyed by Victoria uiay be found. r correct? It is admitted that in tnfr latitudes absolute accuracy cannot * attained. Besides, admitting that tt 141st degree of longitude is wrona marked, what guarantee is there that tc other Victorian lines of longitude correct I And also the practical adiui-' sion of the error by transferrins was originally assigned to this cow", would be to admit errors in the saenti® boundary descriptions ot numbers - Crown grants issued by Victoria. ' hankering of what to South Austra"»' of such infinitesimal importance how far some of the " powers that w will pursue their selfish ends. 