PIC T X 0 23V THE GHOST OF DARTFORD CASTLE. ' (Concluded from, owr last issue.) 'What fun it would be,' said Grim side to her confidentially-he had a way of" talking to her that was quite alarming-' to play some practical joke on that fellow Elmslev. He sleeps near "the Tower, doesn't he? What a joke it would be for rue to dress up as « Wicked Robert Elmsley' and appear to him and slang him in a hollow voice, and frighten him .into fits generally?' How a few days before it is highly probab'e that Flora would have entered heartily into the scheme. As it was, her face showed the indignation that she felt, and she would have expressed it, but at that moment her attention : was distracted by one of the girls. ' ' I was a fool about that entail,' said her father to her gloomily at an other time. ' I see it now. I ought to have seed it before. A man ought to think of his own .first. Pre a good mind to offer Robert a sum down to renounce Ms rights. After all I may live as long as him, and the sum down would be useful to the rat now. I think we could do it cheap, and be would accept it gladly. This speech made it all painfully clear to poor Flora. Her father saw that Grimside was hanging hack. He fancied that Grimside did not think her a good enoughcatch. . He wished to perpetrate this injustice simply to draw-oh, it was too horrible. She replied to her father undutifully and incoherently, bursting into tears at the close. Then 6he flew to her j cousin. He was her only hope now. | She told him the dreadful facts of theI case, and implored faim to promise i her by all that be held s&cred; never,! never to surrender his rights under the i entail for her sake. He glanced at her earnestly, but saw that she was merely thinking of herself. If he could have seen the least sign of awakening feeling toward himself, itj would have made bi6 answer so much ] easier. 'I can't promise you that,5 he said. * I feel that X have no real claim at j all on the property, and if your father wishes to revoke his gift, I have no right to resist his wishes. . But when she almost went down on | her knees to him, and implored bim. 'I will do anything you ask me in] return,' she said. 'Dear Robert, do] be wise and promise.' Well, of course, he promised, swore I solemnly t-hat- he would never renounce his rights under the entail without j her permission. 4 Some day, perhaps,' he said, earnestly, * I shall ask you to promise J me something in return; he gazed searchingly into her eyes, but there! was no responsive light" T-WiH nmmw «. nvthiwy Trt*'' sue cried lightly. 'And now, you | dear, good Robert, tell me how are we \ to get rid of the odious monster with out telling him in so many words to j go. And listen, what do you think he had the audacity to propose to met] She told him Grimside's proposal to j figure as 'Wicked Robert Elmsley' for his benefit. , However, such is the contradictori ness of woman's nature that from that j day she showed a more cordial ex-j terior to Lord Grimside, and became a little timid and diffident to Robert. After a little thought she divined the latter's secret, and she immediately jumped tor a conclusion as to what re ward he intended to ask when the) .time came. This made her a little afraid, and she felt no longer able to j talk to him with quite the same ease and familiarity. On the other hand, she encouraged Grimside in a manner i that quite astonished the latter as coming from such a ' standoffish' young lady, and the * joke' seemed to meet; with her entire approval. j Robert Elmsley was to be chaffed into watching on Christmas Eve in the long upper corrider where the ghost was said to walk. Then Grim side, disguised in a make-up costume as ' W icjked Robert,' would rush out on him suddenly. When the costume was made up, it was objected by one of the cither girls that the ghost would look far more like a Cavalier than a | Roundhead, but both Grimside and! Flora said that if Mr. Elmsley was j 'properly frightened' he would not have time to notice details. . * * * * * It was n^ar the witching hour of! mghtr when Lord Grimside/,laboriously j got-up in othodoK ghostly fashion, took up his position in a room which opened into the upper corridor. There he waited until the distant chime of the church clock warned him that the hour of midnight had come. Then he sallied out into the corridor. He found it full of pale flickering moonlight and [ deep spectral shadows, a very house of silence an fantasy. Now Grimside was neither nervous j nor superstitious. He would certainly not have offered himself for such an errand if he had been afflicted either yaj") but when he found himself alone in that ghostly corridor at that dead hour with only the weird flicker of the moonbeams to light him on his way amid the legion of dusky phantoms which seemed to lark in every shadow, it is no imputation on his courage to say that his heart beat faster. He had trusted to Robert Eimsley's candle as beacon-light to guide him, and there was neither candle nor Elmsley. He cursed the cowan! who had stayed I away at the last. Wait. There was a faint gleam' issuing from the door that led to thte j Tower. Grimside moved hastily to tfce end of the corridor, and 6tood in a ! deep shadow not far from the entrance. Then it struck him that the gleam] which issued from the archway was not like that of a candle. It was a 1 pale phosphorescence, which threw no shadow, v it was Jike the shimmering lights on the ocean, which Stop. The dusky outline of a .human form appeared suddenly in the archway, and the phosphorescence went out. Seen in the dim light the figure looked dial and spectral, and effect enhanced by the long, shapeless garment in which it was shrouded. A moment's pause, and then the new arrival moved with solemn,; noiseless tread towards the watcher until it was within a dozen yards of him, and then there burst; suddenly on Grimside's horrified ima gination the face of a visible' fiend-a ghastly pale visage, lined by black shadows, as if tremendous passions bad: left their traces there, and two great j eyes offire, which literally glowed in the half-darkness. The cloak - fell away from the shoulders, disclosing j the tunic and bands of severe Puritan cut, the dark trunk breeches and ; stockings, and plainest of shoes, and a sword drawn in the right- hand. God i in heaven ! It was 110 lying fable. The ghost of Wicked Robert Elmsley did really walk by night in the haunted corridor, and the false -spectre was lace to face with the true. Lord Grimside's blood curdled at the sight, ! and his hair bristled upright. Slowly the ghostly presence raised the point i of its sword toward the watcher, as if challenging him to imeaHhly combat, while fire flashed from the blade with dazzling effect. j With a shriek that was hardly { human, Griruside turned and fled down die corridor as if pursued by the j fiend in person. At the door he cast I a terrified glance over his shoulder to find the glowing eyes close behind?, him, and the fiery sword drawn ba«k as if to plunge into his body. The ! shock was too much for him. He fell down insensible. / The next, morning there was great excitement^ for it very soon was gene- ' rally known that instead of frighten- j ing Robert Elmsley, Lord Grimside had been frightened out of his senses j by something dreadful, and had been ; picked up by Robert himself, who had ] aroused some of the servants to help ] him carry Grimside to his room. j At first Lord Grimside refused to j say a word about his adventure, : though his haggard face spoke volumes, j At last, however, he complied, and 1 then his tale was colored in livid hues ; 1 but to bis surprise he got very little ; sympathy. Fldra Jaughed outright, ; while Lady Verderer explained in her j sweet subdued way that a joke was [ a joke, of- course, but that it muBtupt I go any further; and she would lie the I last to encourage foolish ideas of j speetres, &c.; ~ My Lord Grimside could not endure ( this turn events had taken. He left j the Gastle as soon as possible. He ! must have told his host the real reasons why he departed in such a hurry, for when he was gone' Lord UAifjiuiu seui iUL will 111? rati'U^UUjf j and Robert Elmsley and made a ter- } rible scene, at the end of which Robert j Elmsley was ordered to leave the I house, and Flora was told to consider ] herself in disgrace. j The latter part of the sentence did j not trouble Flora much. She knew ! that she wpuld not remain in disgrace j long; nor did she. But knowing as ! she did that the plot to frighten Lord ' Grimside was her own idea, the injus tice of the treatment meted out to her cousin preyed on her spirits, and* she became unnaccountably sad. Her de pression deepened as the weeks wore on, and at last her father noticed it. He told her that he had sent for a doctor, who he thought would do her good, and though she declared that there was nothing the matter with ) her he insisted on her seeing the physician in question. And when she came into the room " where the doctor was awaiting her; it was Robert Elmsley. Then, for the first moment, she knew her own heart and betrayed herself. 1 Later, Lord Dartford wrote to Lady Verderer: ' You have won the bet, j and I never had so much pleasure in winning %s I have now in losing. Flora has just accepted Robert, and" is quite prepared to run off with him if necessary. I have laughed ever since. X fancy they both look on me as a ' prodical father, but we shall get over that. If they only knew how ;hard we worked to bring them together, but that,- of course, they must never know. I must say, however, that I am quite ashamed whenever I think of Grimside.' The wedding was a very splendid affair, and Lady Verderer was by no means the least splendid of the guests. She wore a " magnificent diamond bracelet which no one' had ever seen before. 4 It was a bet,5 she said airily ; ' I know you think it wicked to bet, Lord Dartford,'she added with a sly look at die prodigal father, who returned a grin of intense delight. * But it is a beauty, dearest Flora, isn't it ? an|l I am sure' you think I deserve it.' * Well, Mary, what didyou think of the pictures at the academy ?' *Oh, mum, there was a picture called * Ten dogs after Landseer,' but I looked at it for nearly half an hour and I couldn't see.no Land seer.' Radbourn: * So old Shpinadeigh is dead. Well, he was a conundrum.' Chesney: ' Tee, he was a conundrum. Even, the grave will have to give him np some day.' A man will nnblushingly comb his hair over a bald spot on the top of his head, and yet expect a fruiterer to put his smallest apples in the top layer of a box. A diocesan inspector in South Wales asked a class of small Cambrians, 'What did Noah do while he was building the ark f Chorus: 'Preach, sir.' 'Yea; and did the people believe what he said?' * No, sir.' * Why not?' No answer. Pause j broken by a mite of seven summers; 'Please, sir, he preachedtoo long,' 