MR E. J. DYER, who has been travel ling for some months past in the East jas a sort of commercial ambassador from Australia, comes back to us full joE hope and confidence as to the pros ipects for the products of these colonies jin the markets which he has explored. Much has been heard from time to [time of isolated results of his [enquiries, and a complete epitome [of them is now available in the form of statements made in - the icourse of interviews since his re turn. We have learnt already of the Japanese grant of £60,000 towards regular steam communication between ;these colonies and Japan. From the [Array and Navy Department in Tokio [Mr Dyer obtained promises of large orders of supplies from Australia, in bluding one for about 4,000,000 lb of preserved meats, ' and he saw every reason to anticipate that Australia will yet supply Japan largely with raw material and those liquor and food products which cannot be pro duced by the Japanese, and take in exchange rice, tea, and other produc tions. It has become too much the fashion to disparage these Oriental! markets, on the ground that the people are so totally dissimilar to Europeans in all their tastes, diets, and manners of life, but it is signifi cant that the shrewd Americans have deemed the past and present trade even of China sufficiently encouraging to induce them to send numerous agents'to Hong Kong and the Treaty ports, and halve consequently secured a foothold for many products which Australia counts amongst its staples, from which they will not easily be dis placed.' Amongst these are flour, wines, spirits, dairy and fruit products, tinned meats, and green fruits—chiefly apples. The Manilla markets are referred to as likely to develop a moderate demand for live cattle or frozen meat, flour, tinned meats, dairy produce, fruit, and other agricultural products. With the Netherlands-Indies, lying at our very doors, trade, seems to have been barely entered upon, and it has to be recorded as another remarkable instance of neg lect -lof our opportunities until quite recently, that “ beyond a little flour from Adelaide, live cattle from Port Darwin, and tinned meats for the troops from Sydney, Australia has little or no share in the imports of wines, Spirits, dairy produce, fruits, biscuits jams, and other oilman stores, which are almost altogether imported from Europe. However,” says Mr Dyer, ‘.‘merchants of Java are turning their attention anew to Australia in a most appreciative manner. Amongst other things, a syndicate is starting an ‘‘ Aus tralian Hetail Stores Company’ in | Batavia, intending to open branches in Sourabaya and Saraarang very shortly.” In the Straits Settlements, Burmab, Ceylon, and India merchants were found to be turning the.ir at tention to Australian trade, but many had been discouraged by indifferent supplies. The goods arrived in bad condition, the packing was careless and insufficient, and in re gard to promptness in the execution of ■prders, “ the indifference displayed was almost criminal;” As regards freights, there is to be an early reduction of 50 per cent, in the charges to Singapore, Java, Colombo, Madras, Calcutta, Ran goon, and Penang, and Mr Dyer predicts that with care, steady perseverance, and due attention to quality, Australia | will eventually secure a vefy large share of the Eastern trade in the products lor which we are now seeking outlets,' ■ As to the British markets similar ' satisfactory assurances were conveyed by Mr D. Wilson to the first annual ‘conference of the Butter and Cheese Factory' Managers’ Association on Tuesday. Given proper attention to maintaining-a faigh standard of quality, Victorian butter will, he thinks, com mand the highest prices in the world’s markets, but these can only be realised by a determination to" send none but the best, and to send it when it is re quired, not glutting the spring and summer markets.' The intended engagement of a Canadian expert in the manufacture of Cheddar cheese will, it is hoped, direct attention to this product" of the dairy, and we may hope to see the annual value of cheese : exports swelling to something like the total, now exceeding £1,000,000 per annum, realised for our butter abroad. The lesson to be learnt, however, from many j,recent reports from all quarters, is the necessity • of de voting attention to many other branches of productive industry which we have hitherto almost neglected.. As yet we have only revealed the possibilities of two or three, and concentrated attention on them to, such an extent as to cause .over-production. We have yet to dis cover the sources of wealth that may be developed in pig-keeping and baijon curing, in the exploitation of new markets for fresh, • frozen, or pre served meats, in the exportation of poultry, eggs, and honey, the canning and drying the tinning of rabbits, the preparation of condensed milk, the growth'ofn flax, of essential oil plants and of sugar beet, and the export of timber. In fact, in numbers of wavs productive enterprise can still find new and profitable out lets, With . a judicious develop ment of, these our exports of pro duce, instead of being confined to two or three staples - should embrace a score or two of the varied products to which,! the soil and climate of the colony, are adapted, and represent a value’ not of a million or two, but of ten or twelve millions of pounds per annum. New industries and new markets must be ‘ looked • to for our future prosperity, and with intelligent attention to these the turn of the tide of adversity should not be far distant. Me ■Trenvtith’s scheme for placing some of the unemployed, operatives,!)? the Bootmakers’. Union, on the land and assisting them to make a living, has much to commend it:' The pro ject may or may not succeed, but it is . deserving of a trial. If suitable land be taken up within • easy access of the j markets, and if a' little jobbing work ;be- supplied to the men while they are j beginning to turn the soil to account, | they will, at any rate, be better off {than walking the .streets . of Mel bourne in idleness, and they may I be placed in the way of establishing inew homes in' comfort. It has so joften been a reproach to the trades junidns that they have devoted their •energies mainly.to calling men out of •employment.-.in order to.assert their claims or resist reductions of pay, that it is satisfactory torecord some steps ■in the direction of setting the idle to work. The Sydney Council of the Australian Labor Federation has done some good in this way lately by means of co operative enterprises. It bas de cided to take up contracts in the hope ~of ; absorbi;iig:the unemployed ■ members of the affiliated uhiorts, and" gener ally to 'do all l • it can for them. This is a practical develop ment of unionism add a system of testing the principles of co operation, which is worthy of encouragement. Mr Teenwith’s movement is somewhat on- the same lines,‘and.’is a hopeful symptom of a disposition on the part of those who are in regular employ ment to assist their less fortunate unionists. Much more might surely be done in this way to lessen the strain and stress of the times on those who are looking in vain for' work at their own occupations, and to minimise the distress of the coming winter. A well-attended meeting of citizens was held at the Assembly Room of the Alfred Hall last night to take steps to give a welcome to Mr Michael Davitt, the Irish patriot and labor j advocate, on the occasion of his next visit to Rallarat. Mr J. M’Lachlan, president of the Trades and Labor Council, was in the chair, and Mr J. J. Fitzgerald also occupied a seat on the platform. An apology was received for the' non-attendance of Drs Ochiltree and Mullally; Mr E. Murphy, M.L.'A;; Mr Hurds field, and other gentlemen.' Messrs M’Lach lau and Fitzgerald spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr Davitt’s life and work, and urged upon those present the desirability of affording him a suitable welcome. The chairman remarked that they did not intend to invite Mr Davitt to Ballarat unless they were prepared to give him such a reception as his services in the cause of labor throughout the entire world entitled him to. It was mentioned that owing to en gagements in Bendigo, Geelong and Mary borough, Mr Davitt had only two dates vacant —the 4th and sth of June. After some discussion Mr Meehan moved, and. Mr M. Callinan (president of the Catholic Young Men’s Society) seconded, that Mr Davitt be invited to lecture in Ballarat on Tuesday and Wednesday, 4th and sth of June. Messrs Brannigan, White, Carey,” and C. Burrow supported the motion, which was unanimously carried. A large general com mittee was formed, with power to add, to arrange a reception to Mr Davitt, and Mr James Parker was appointed secretary. It waa agreed to engage the Alfred Hair for the lectures, and .the prices, for admission were fixed at 3s, 2s, and Is. Messrs J. J. Fitz gerald, J. M'Lachlan, C. Burrow, C. Fitz gerald, Meehan, White, Callinan, Brannigan, and Daly were deputed to act as an executive committee. The meeting was then adjourned until Monday night next, when the names of ,the lectures will .be,, announced. Meanwhile the secretary was empowered to have tickets printed as soon. as.the titles of the lectures are known. The meeting throughout was most enthusiastic, and it was explained that the desire was to give Mr Davitt a thoroughly representative and cosmopolitan welcome, the proceedings being non- sectarian and non political. To-day is the Festival of the Ascension, and there will be special services at the Anglican Cathedral. The holy communion will be cele brated at T-30, matins and holy communion at 10.30, when the bishop will be celebrant, and in the evening there will be choral evensong, at which the Rev. R. ,J. E. Hayman, vicar of Stawell, will be installed as canon by the dean, under mandate from the bishop. There will be an offertory in aid of a much needed im provement in the seating arrangements for the choir of the cathedral,- which has overflowed the present accommodation. The sermon will be preached by the bishop,of the diocese. An impudent theft was-committed shortly before 7 o’clock yesterday-morning at Sayers’ Exchange hotel. Bridge street. A young man named. Frank Cleave had been staying at the' hotel since Saturday night, and bn Tuesday lie' informed Mr Sayers that his money had run out, and asked to bo allowed to remain over night, saying that he had,,a job to go to at Waubra, The proprietor; with his usual generosity, told-him he could remain a day extra,’and also have whatever meals he re quired. Yesterday, morning, however, the housemaid observed Cleave leaving the hotel in a somewhat suspicious manner. She at once examined his room, and found that the man had stolen the pair of blankets from off his bed. Constable waa on' duty in Bridge street,\raa informed of the fact, arid he saw Cleave hurriedly walking up Peel street towards Wills street. The constable gave chase, and the man, hearing bis footsteps, took to his heels, and ran into a yard in Wills street. Here he threw his swag down, and jumped the back fences of half a dozen houses, followed closely by the constable. At last tne prisoner eluded cppture by climbing a Wen feet fence in the vicinity of the State -school reserve*- and-’Ratting into one of the many, little lanes about; there. In_tho mean time Montague made towards Humffray street, and after watching for'hia man a few,-minutes was rewarded by seeing him come up the right-, pt-way at the iback oft .Victoria street. Hero another chasa took pHce, and the constabla, being the swifter main, although his prisoner was only 26 years of age, managed to capture him. He was then handcuffed and taken to the lockup on the charge" named. The accused, was subsequently "brought before Messrs ■■Josephs and King, J’s.P., at the Ballarat Bast Court, which sat-iwithin-three .hours- of- the offence, and was sentenced to , a month.s im prisonment, with .-hard’labor.b Other property belonging to Mr Sayers was also found in his swag, whilst in his pocket was discovered a miner’s right that had recently been issued to him in Melbourne. ■Messrs Serjeant, Graham, Coltraan, and Little, J’a.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and dealt with a number af debt and garnishee oases. An appicatiou for assistance was made-by an’old woman named .Jane M’Ewan. The applicant, who statedi that she was 70 years of age, said she had no place to sleep, having spent her last sixpence for a bed on Tuesday night. She had made appli cation for admission to the Benevolent Asylum, but at present there was no room in the insti tution, She had been granted out-door relief, but her difficulty, was in having no place to stop at until a vacancy occurred in the Asylum. Mrs M'Ew'an said she had been 42 years in the colony, during which she had worked hard, and had never needed charity. ■ The magistrates sympathised with the old lady, and in addition to giving her a donation from the poor box, contributed several shillings themselves. Mrs M’Ewan expressed great gratitude for the help afforded her. Mr Foster, Minister of Mines, will visit Tourello to-day, and to-morrow will go on to Rokewood. Tho South street “ ghost ” , has been laid, so we are informed. For some nights past soveral young men living in the vicinity have been on the look-out for the senseless blackguard, and it has leaked out that on Tuesday night they interviewed him. Young men whose lady friends and relatives have been frightened nearly into fits by such a fellow are not likely to, be very tender about the , methods they adopt to persuade a “ ghost ” to divest himself of hie cerements when parading." the streets,. and it is said the interview was very painful— on one side at least. The “ghost,” after,bring “ persuaded,” was for some time unconscious of what had happened. Ha knows now, and so does one of our doctors, and there is someone acting temporarily in a certain tradesman’s shop during the “ illness ” of an employA It is said the Soldiers Hill “ ghost” was also un marked last night, and found to be a- young woman occupying a good position in society. The weights declared in connection with the race meeting to be held on Wednesday next, under the auspices of, the Creswick Amateur Turf. Club, are published in another column. Thera was a very poor attendance at-the South street Debating Society’s last night, when Countess Wachmeister lectured on “ The dangers of hypnotism; how it differs from mag netism.” The speaker contended that mag netism was a vital fluid flowing through a man, imparting health to his neighbor and supplying life-giving properties to those with' whom; he came in contact. It was a blessing and not. a curse. Hypnotism, on the other-band, was simply a dominating over’ the weak by a stronger will and could be used for evil pur poses. Hypnotism was dangerous and every body should be on their guard. They should remember that they were souls and not bodies, bear in mind that they had the-Divina within them, and live up to the highest ideal of which -they could form a conception. Then they would not be grovelling in their lower passions"; but having developed the Divine within them-" selves no one would be able to influence their minds by a will more powerful than their own. Her experience taught her that :it was . wrong to allow young people to constantly associate with the old, : because the latter robbed them of their : vitality. Passions were communicable.. Hatred ’bred hatred and love begat love, and on the j higher plane thoughts were transferable. The ■ lecturass pointed out that during sleep or while ;the patient was under the will of the hypnotiser ; tjie astral body left the physical structure and ‘ soared in other regions. It was claimed for. ’hypnotism that it was beneficial in that by the. science disease and drunkenness were cured. The countess held that the restoration "to-a healthy state only held good as long as the. ! patient was under the will of the hypnotiser, and that should the latter die first the malady would return with redoubled force. Countess 'Wachmeister concluded by relating a number" of instances in which men and women had been influenced for evil by hypnotism, and hadhad-' the spall broken by such practitioners as Madame Blavatsky. Concerning the personage referred to, the countess maintained that the' good she had done had not been proclaimed, while the evil of which she was supposed to": have bean guilty was glaringly published throughout the world. ' j News was received in Ballarat yesterday of the death iu Melbourne of Mr James M’Hutchiaon, a very old and respected resi dent qf this city. Mr M'Hutchison, who, with his family of four sons and two daughters, fa moved to the metropolis about six years ago, carried on business here as a bookbinder. He was for many years a committee man of St. Andrew’s Kirk, and was very well known throughout this district. i! The Ballarat harriers will have a busy time! to-morrow. At twelve o’clock there will be a teams race between members of the Ballarat, St. Kilda and Melbourne Wanderers Clubs, a start being made from Messrs Berry, Anderson and Co.’s establishment. At half-past two o’clock there will be a combined run from the baths in Armstrong street to tho Mount Rowan district. It is expected that there will be .170 runners in the pack, including- 53 from Mel bourne and Maryborough. A ball will be held at the Quean’s Hall, Dawson' street, in the evening, and the visitors will be present. Mr Y. J. Duthie has made all arrangements for the com fort of outside barriers. , A special meeting of the race and works com mittee of the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club was held on the course yesterday morning, when numerous alterations and improvements were resolved upon. The training tracks and the course proper wore found to be in excellent condition. The large number of horses being put through their various tasks gave the course the appearance of a miniature Flemingtoo. A contract for supplying and laying 10 chains of 12-inch pipes lias just been completed to ensure ■ perfect drainage in all seasons. Given fine weather on Friday next, the meeting—for which there are 129 nominations—is certain to' be a brilliant success. . 'J Sanior-Constable Turnbull, from Mortlake, reported himself for duty at Ballarat East last night. A numbor of Ballarat citizens, including Messrs E. Murphy, M.L.A., and J. J. Fitz gerald will leave for Geelong this afternoon. iiV order to be present to-night' at Mr Michael Davitt’s lecture on “ Parliamentary Portraits.”. Mr W. Abraham has charge of the arrange-; raents, and bears the expanse of Mr Davitt’s, visit, A large number of gentlemen 'from-g various parts of the colony have been invited to attend, including the names already men-, tinned, Dr.s O’Donnell and O’Sullivan, Mr. Rawsnn, M.L. A. tor Kyneton, and Dr Burke' Gaffney, and Mr D. O’Keefe (Bendigo). To-morrow a trip will be made to the Barwon Heads, and Mr Davitt and the visitors enter-; tained by Mr D. Slattery at a banquet at the Victoria hotel. We have received from the Mines’ Depart ment a copy of-Mr Rosales’ report upon “The loss of gold in the reduction of auriferous vein stone in Victoria, with recommendations as to improvements in the system of treatment, more especially relating to the dressing of slimes.” The report deals, with several Bal larat mines, and, coming from the source it does, is certain to be valuable. Mr Arthur Bassett, 1 of 113 Dana street, is this week holding a public exhibition of nearly 50 pictures, which are tastefully arranged at his.studio, A wide range of subjects is em braced, and the themes are generally well chosen. All the paintings are from Mr Bassett’s own brush, I mud include both oils and water colors. Amongst the number ia an. interesting work —“ When Autumn Leaves are Shad,” which together with a second, “ The Old Fountain,” was hung on the line at the Victorian Artists’ Society’s Exhibition. Amongst the other efforts" are —“The Cabin" Door,” “An Australian Homestead,” “Against the Sun,” “ The Ford,” “ Deserted,” “ Wait-, ing,” “ The Sear and Yellow Leaf,” “ On the- River,” “ Sunlight and- Shadow,” “ Summer,” “A Toiler’s Cot,’’ “The Country Roadway,” &c.; The exhibition will be open to the public for the remainder of the week. It is proposed to invite the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat to deliver the first of a series of popular science lectures, to be commenced at tho Ballarat School of Mines on the 12th of June. Entries for the South street Literary and Musical competition to be held in July are coming in freely. Altogether 120 guineas are offered in prizes, and the committee offer special facilities to intending competitors. His Excellency Sir John Madden, Acting- Governor of Victoria, has expressed his high appreciation of this annual educational effort, and has consented to preside and deliver an address at the distribution of prizes on Friday, 26th July, Entries may,be made with the secretary, or at Sutton and Co.’s music ware house, Sturt street. The installation of the new canon, the Rev. R. J. E. Hayman, of Stawell, at the Cathedral Church, by the dean, under mandate of the bishop (Dr Thornton), will take place at Christ Church, with special choral service," this even ing (Aacenkion Day), commencing at 8 o’clock. Tho sermon will be preached by the bishop, ir The anniversary demonstration in connection with the Lydiard street Wesleyan-Sunday school will be continned to-morrow (Queen’s. Birthday). The junior tea, at which adults will be admitted, will be held in the scbool room at 6 o clock, to bo followed bv»r.„ . lantern entertainment in the church -S 18 * Gunn, of Melbourne. The Rev Knf u r preside. A service of soup, entitled “ Li», U ' Jamie, will be Riven, with connective rl,] 8 mps, choruaea, duets, and solos. Theirt,!- will be -—To tea and church-A^T', 08 6d D1 ° r Sch ° ars ’ 6d; eatarta *nm«nt only, aduit a ’ Mr Robert Hurst, boot manufacture, , e importer. North Fitzroy, announces and Saturday next he will open "to pre, ni °? to.the corper of Peel and Bridge streets ! eit retail boot and shoe warehouse. Jfr h 9 states that his new establishment will bsf nished .with a large- aind splendidly a ,L t M : stock of ladies’, .gentlemen’s, and chiM-'? boots, shoes, &c.;, .which will be offered at 88 markably cheap rates.' The business will ■ SSSSS b, Mr J. P. O.Ufa., Mr Glover, the’ temperance advocate whn„, mission in Ballarat some time aeo wa* L’ •• cassful, is about to visit this city I ? 8 ' Arrangements have been made for a fortnight”' mission to be conducted by Mr Glover c 8 meucing on the Bth June, and the promoter are sanguine that the visit will result • furthering the temperance cause. 18 Wm.‘ M'Cailum, 24 years old, who lives Eyre street, met with a painful accident yeah., day. He was lifting a case of goods, which slipped from his grasp, and falling on his font fractured the great toe. Ward Dixon 1G of Drummond street, was thrown out of a cart ami sustained a fracture of the collar bone Alb°rf Hooley, 17, of Wills street, received a lacerated wound on the scalp through the falling 0 f a piece of quartz at the New Nonnanby- and William Leonard, 52, of Little Bendigo’ sus tained a painful wound on the arm through a piece of iron. flying from an anvil. All cases were attended to at the Hospital. ; The recreation rooms recently opened in the Main road in connection with the Town ’Mission,- are evidently greatly appreciated juding by the number of young men who attend ’them. The rooms are most comfort ably furnished, and a number of games are provided, which enable a pleasant evening to be spent. ' 6 It is the intention of the students of the City Technical Art School to give a re-prodnc tion at an early date of their tableaux vivants" illustrating Roman life and scenery at Pompeii’ . during A.D. 75. to 79. The costumes, scenery’ and accessories, which are of the most elaborate description, have been designed and executed by the students, under the supervision of the director, Mr Carew-Smythe. The representa tions are said to be ' of a marvellously realistic character, and those responsible for the per formance, which will be given in the Academy of Music, claim that it will be presented on a scale never before attempted in the colony. At the Town Mission Hall last night a most interesting lecture on “ China and the- Chinese,” was given by Mr .1. West Lau. The subject was illustrated by GO fine lantern views and the whole entertainment was one which, gave great pleasure to the largo audience. Coulson’s Maryfield hotel, midway between Creswick and Clunes, was totally destroyed by fire late on Tuesday night. With the excep tion of a few small pieces of furniture, the whole of the contents of 10 large rooms was burnt, Mr Coulson was away from home at the time, and Mrs Coulson and family only saved what they stood in. The fire originated through the wick of a Bismarck kerosene lamp burning through the burner and causing an ex plosion in the bedroom. The buildings were insured in the Royal Insurance Company for £200; but the furniture was uninsured. A really enjoyable evening is promised to patrons-of the concert and R. G. Sims and Louis Diehl’s operetta, “ A Dress. Rehearsal," which is to be held in the Mechanics’ Institute on Quean’s Birthday night. Tickets are meet ing with ready .sale. The Catholic Societies’ Band will perform prior to the entertainment in front of the'Mechanics. ■ At a general meeting of the Beaufort Athletic- Club on Tuesday evening {the president, Mr H. M. Stuart, presiding), it was decided to allow a circular in reference to joining the Victorian Athletic Association to stand over till next general meeting; the opinion being ex pressed that it would hot benfiet the clnb, and that it would be prenhature to join till it was seen what the council of the association was .doing. The secretary, on the motion of the •president, was.lnstructed .to call a general meeting early,, in October, to consider the advisability or .otherwise of altering the annual sports gathering from Easter Monday to Boxing Day. ‘ The People’s 1 Meeting will be held in the large room of "the Alfred Hall on Saturday,, when a ■ temperance service of song, entitled “ Which sjda wins?” illustrated by grand lan tern limelight views by Mr W. A. Gnnn, J.P., of Melbourne, will be presented. The well trained Welsh choir of over 50 voices, under Mr Thomas, lyill kindly provide the requisite music, and songs and recitations will be ren ‘ dared at intervals. The entertainment will commence precisely at 8, and admission will be by coin. A vocal and.instrumental concert in .aid of the Lutheran Church, Dovetou street, will be held in the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday evening next. ■■ A capital programme has been arranged .by Herr'j. G. Belschner, who has been fortunate- in securing the services .of several of our most- talented amateurs. The entertainment, which is under the patronage of the Ballarat Deutscher Verein, will, bo .doubt, draw a large and appreciative audience. ’.The fortnightly meeting of the Hibernian Society will be, held this evening, at half-past 7 o’clock sharp.; ‘ A special evening.will be held by the La Rose Private Quadrille Club to-night, at the Phoenix Hall, Dr Charles A. Courtney announces that he may be consulted at Dr Salter’s late residence at Learraonth. W. F. Campbell announces that a special display is now.being made at Brunswick house drapery establishment) to which the attention of the public is invited. A notice is-advertised in another column announcing the dissolution of the partnership of Messrs M’Ouat and Endean, bicycle agents, Sturt street. • Mr W. Neale Lansley, 44 Lydiard street, Ballarat, announces ’that he prepares compli mentary addresses, artistically illuminated and engrossed by hand. — Mr M’Burney announces that he has re moved to “ Valett'a/ 1 No. 5 Errard street north, opposite his old residence. Messrs Snsman, Kornblum, and Cos., furni ture warehouseman, Bridge street, advertise that they are now offering their magnificent and well-assorted stock of household furniture at prices that lcliallenga competition. The firm invite the 1 public to call and inspect their stock of first-class furniture. 