Lismore Echoes. (From our Correspondent.) January 4. — The ladies and gentlemen who attended the course of lectures de- livered recently by Dr. Connor, met at the School of Arts for the purpose of receiving their certificates, a large assem- blage of the public being in attendance. After the ceremony a pleasing return of courtesies took place in the presentation to Dr. Connor of a handsome pair of binoculars, suitably inscribed, and a sovereign purse similarly adorned — the latter from the ladies of the class and the former from the gentlemen. As a rule in Lismore presentations are un- commonly common to people who have done nothing to deserve them ; but there are exceptions to every rule, and this is one of them, and would be all the more appreciated as I am sure Dr. Connor never anticipated any such recognition of his services. That his lectures were very effective is shown by the large number who passed the examination. ****** The public were surpised — it always is —to learn of the sudden and unexpected disappearance of one of Lismore's busi ness men. Perhaps it was the fact that he burdened himself with a large amount of cash, all in fact he could muster up prior. to his departure, that made the circumstances interesting. However, with almost incrediblo simplicity, he went to Sydney in the ' Electra,' and from her to the lockup. No doubt he -will get a return ticket shortly, and be permitted to explain ' why he did it1' » » ♦ * * ♦ The Harry Earle troupe and also ' Dr.' Lynden have been trying to gather in the shekels, with a moderate amount of success. I will not pretend to criticise the performances, for the papers are pretty unanimous that each succeeding troupe which visits us is the best that has appeared for years, and if you concede them all 'best' you cannot well go farther. ? ? ? ? « ? Dr. Lynden runs the 'spook' and clairvoyant business — one in which there appears just now to be a boom — even ' levanting tailors raising ghosts more successfully than they used to ' raise the wind ' pant stitching. Dr. Lynden and his wife are really clever in their line I believe. ? ? ? ? ? ? Our little bill for the water-works is now over £10,000, and seems to keep on increasing. Pity our Council as a body cannot do what some of its mem bers can do individually — file its schedule or compromise for os in tbe £ — and so get rid of an inconveuient burden. No doubt if the promoters of the debt, in stead of the ratepayers, were liable, the ' course suggested would have been adopt ed long ago. ? ****? | I wonder are the promoters of the new sugar mill 'lying low,' for we never now hear a word about it 1 I suppose as next crushing season approaches the outcry will be renewed. ? ? ? ? ? ? * ' The man who broke the bank ' and the ' Boy who broke the bike ' are not related. The latter, Master Gaggin, found Harley's four-wheeled phaeton too much for his two cycle trap, and had to send the latter to the hospital, being fortunate enough to escape that necessity for himself. ? ? » » ? ? I notice one of our bank officials, Mr. Napier, of the Commercial Bank, has been appointed to the managership of the Coraki branch. Mr. Napier is a quiet, unassuming, and gentlemanly young man, who should make friends in Coraki, and who I am pleased to see promoted. 