Te Peep and he Woman (Published by Special Arrangemint with Mesers. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPTER XVIII.-(Conbthd.) The cottage door was thrown open, and its temporary occupants came trooping forth, Mrs. Doors in the van. 'What be'ast a-doing, mon?' cried she. ' Tha'st amost break the windoa wi' tha' shoating.' He pointed up to the cliff side, which towered above them. 'Theer's a mon theer, lass. I tell'ee I 'eard um shoat. Fetch t' lanthorn; we mun goa and seek' ' Summun on t' cliff ? Why, noa, lad; they be all at whoam.' 'I tell 'ce I 'eard umrn. Listen 'ee.' There was a silence, and sure enough the sound of another 'Halloa l' .eached them from above. There \- were murmurings of amazement among the little group-almost of •fear. Strangers never came to their little cluster of abodes, and this must be the hail of a stranger. Who could it be? What could he want with them? The little handful of men, slow-witted by nature and position, looked at one another helplessly. It was Mrs. Doors whose common sense first mastered her surprise. 'A mon it be surely, and if he be got off the paeth, he'll be nigh break ing his neck if you lade doan't stir yerelf. Whoi doan't ye be up and foind 'im. Now then, Jim.' There was. a stir among the men, and they prepared to move forward. Just as they were start ing a sudden storm of wind and reain extinguished the lantern which Mrs. Doore had brought out, and there was a pause. When it was brooght out relit the wind had in creased to a hurricane. The storm which came raging in from the sea seemed to have gained fresh and re doubled vigour from the momentary lull. Far off came the sound of the breakers leshing themselves against the worn, jugged rocks, and nearer still the sea swept in upon the hard beach with a threatening, murderous roar, and, having spent its force, re "treated, grinding the pebbles and i shingles together till the air seemed rent with the screamsins of the 'maddened beach.' 'It's a terrible noight, lads ! ' shouted Jim Doore to his little band. SWe mun keep together.' They moved off, keeping close under the shelter of the giant cliff which overhung their little cluster of home steads, though even at that distance every now and then the salt spray from the foaming sea came dashing into their faces. At the foot of the .winding path, from which the shout had come, they paused and joined hands before commencing the ascent. 'We mun howd on toight to one another, lads!' cried Jim Doore. 'If one o' them theer gusts cooms on we shall loike to be blowed roight ower into tle sea. Noo then.' They commenced their climb, every now and then crouching down to Savoid the fury of the storm. Pre sently Jim tried a 'Halloa !' and it was answered immediately, with a distinctness which showed them that their quest was nearly over. 'Steady, lads,' cried Jim, waving his lantern; 'he be away theer to the roight!' They turned down a narrow sheep track which seemed literally to over hang the sea below, and made their way slowly along, it with great care. In a few minutes Jim paused and held up'his hand. The dark figure of a man confronted them, standing in the middle of the path. I've missed the path somewhere, 'iaven't I? he inquired. 'I thought I was wrong somehow, but it was so infornally dark that I was afraid to 'try and find my way back again, and I didn't like going on either, so I shouted. Glad you heard me. Are you from the castle or from the vil lage?' " . We be'coom from down below,' an swered Jim, pointing through the thick darkness to where their few cot tages lay grouped together. 'It be lucky that you didn't try to get much forraderon this 'ere path, or you'd. a-walked right over th' edge o' cliff. Wouldn't he, Bill ?' he added, turning round to the foremost of his com panions. 'Surely.' 'That's just what I was afraid of,' remarked thestranger. 'Can any of you down there put me up for the night, or show me' the way to Clanavon Castle ?' There was a distinct sensation among the little group of men. A visitor on his way to the castle'! Such a thing was never ieard of. For getting his manners in his curiosity, ."'im raised his lantern, and for the first time had a .glimpse of the stranger. Ho saw a tall, finely-built young man, whose handsome face, notwith standing the rain 'and storm, and the danger w|cich he had certainly been Sin,. was in no way discomposed; and apparently he saw something else too, for after a brief inspection he lowered the lantern and touched his cap with a gesture of respect. 'Yer 'onor a' ta'en wrong turn for ' castle,' he said. 'A' should a' kept roight on, and never a' coom down this path. -'Tis a stiff clamb back agen, now, an' none ower safe.' ' What am I to do, then ?' the young man asked, ,shrugging his shoulders. 'Can any of you put me up for the night ?' 'If ya doan't moind roughing it, yer 'onor, down in moi bit o' a cot trige, the missus--' began Jim Doore. 'Mind roughing it? Not I, my 'man. A good fire and a blanket are all I want. I'm wet through to the sk:elin. Lead the way.' CHAPTER XIX. THE STRANGER. The little procession re-formed and commenced the descent, Jim Doors and the stranger leading the way, the others close behind. Once Bill Simp son, Jim's partner, managed to edge himself into the front line for a minute, and drew the latter a little on one side. 'Dost a' know who 'un be, Jim ?' he whispered. I a' gotten some idea,' Jim replied tin a mysterious manner. 'Keep a civil tongue in tha head, mon, and bid the others.' They had reached the little strip of beach, and were slowly making their way under the shelter of the cliff to the cottages. High up in front of them shone the two glimmering lights from the castle. The stranger looked at them curiously. 'What lights are those?' he asked, pointing upward. Jim Doore's eyes followed his ges ture, and he crossed himself again. 'From Olanavon Castle, yer 'onor,' he answered. ' They seem a long way apart,' re marked the other, looking up at them with interest. 'Ah!' Again the clouds had parted, and a brilliant flood of moonlight streamed down upon the wild little scene, glistening across the waste of tossing waters, and throwing strange shadows upon the towering cliffs. But the most striking object of all was the castle; and the stranger stood with his eyes fixed upon it, scarcely caring to cast a single glance at the remainder of the panorama. High up above them the gloomy pile, with its frowning ramparts, its ruined towers, and" its massive keep, stood out boldly, the magnificence of its situa tion heightened by the weirdness of the light, the hour, and the storm. Midway.down the flagstaff the remains of the flag, tattered and torn almost into strips by the gale, were still streaming in the wind, floating against a background of light, oily-looking clouds which hovered over the castle, and against which every tear and almost the very pattern was distin guishable. It was a fine sight, al though a gloomy one. Jim Doore looked steadfastly at the two lights, and then, turning round, pointed them out silently to his com panions. There was a little murmur of superstitious awe, and each man crossed himself. The stranger looked on in surprise. 'Why do you do that ?' he asked curiously. 'Reason enoo, yer 'onor,' Jim answered slowly, and dropping his voice to an impressive pitch. ' Dost a' see yonder loight, the fur un oot theer in the tower ?' 'Yes! Whatofit?' Jim shook his head. ''Tie no flesh and bleeood that boides theer, or that kindled that loight.' The stranger smiled the easy, sceptical smile of the sturdy materia list, to whom such statements seem only the weak superstitions of an ignorant, uneducated peasantry. He said nothing, but that smile was enough. The whole of the little body of men were up in arms. Their castle ghost was a familiar idea to all of them. There was not one of them who did not firmly believe in its ex istence. For a stranger to come among them and affect incredulity appeared to them very much in the light of a discourtesy, which each one was prompt to resent. The young man checked them, however, by hold ing up his hand. 'Look here!' he protested. 'You shall tell me all about your ghost when we get inside. I'm wet through to the skin, and cold as well. Push on, my worthy guide, and let us get be neath this roof of yours.' 'Roight, roight, sor,' was the good-. humoured answer. 'We bean't so fur, neither.' They turned a corner of the cliff, and the little cluster of cottages nestling close up to its side lay right before them. From the window of Jim Doore's abode there shone a plea sant, warm light, reflected from the roaring fire which his wife hads been making up in anticipation of a visitor. The stranger saw it and quickened his pace. 'By Jove!' he exclaimed, 'if that isn't the pleasantest eight I've seen to-day. Is this your house ?' Jim pushed opened the door with his foot, and ushered in his guest with a rough gesture, which was meant for a welcome. 'Doau't 'ee stan' out noa longer in this cold, yer 'onor,' he said. ' Coom thee in, by t' foire, and my missus ehall find 'ee some dra cloathes. Get thee by t' fire. Missus 1 Missus! We a' found 'm-'twas a gentlemon as a' lost his way t' the castle. Coom thee and bring ma' Bunday cloathes. Why, dang it, lass, what is ta staring a t?' During the first part of this speech Jim had been busy stirring up the fire and otherwise arranging for the comfort of his guest, whose clothes were steaming in the warm blaze. But toward its completion, somewhat surprised at the non-appearance of his better half, he had turned toward the door and had received something of a shock. Standing on the threshold was his wife, with her eyes steadfastly fixed upon the stranger, and her hands raised to her temples. There was an expression in her face which, during his many years of wedded life, Jim Doors had seen nothing of be fore. Her cheeks were colourlees, her dark eyes were full of horror, and her whole attitude was that of a woman paralysed by the sudden ap pearance of an unlooked-for danger. The young man.at the fireside, uncon soious of her scrutiny, leaned forward toward the blaze, which shone full upon his handsome face, and appeared to be making himself decidedly com fortable. She made no answer to her hus band's impatient question. She stood there quite still, her lips trembling a little, and her eyes still fixed upon the face which was glowing in the ruddy firelight. Her husband repeated his impatient question, and the stranger turned carelessly round in his seat, as though mildly wonder. ing what had provoked it. His move ment seemed to effect what her hus band's words had failed to do. She moved slowly forward into the middle of the room, and her face resumed its usual expression, save for a slight shade of pallor. 'They're down here in the corner, Jim. I thought as they might be wanted. Would this gentleman like anything to eat ?' she added, hesita tingly. ' Anything to eat!' he repeated, turning a good-humoured, smiling face upon her- 'My good woman, there is only one word which would explain my condition at the present moment. I'm starving -.literally starving! Forgive the question, but what have you got in the house ?' 'Not much that's fit for you, sir, I'm afraid,' she answered, quietly. 'There's a bit o' bacon, and some fish-the fish is fresh and good if you like it, sir-and I could get you some tea.' 'I should think I do like fish !' he answered her. 'Let me have some, by all means, and some tea; and I'll try the bacon too. What a lucky thing for me you heard that shout, my good fellow! Now, where can I get into these things ? 'Here, sir, by the fire. Jim'll come with me into the back room. I've got a fire there, sir; and your supper won't be long.' She turned away and her husband followed her. Presently she returned with a clean white cloth. on her arm and commenced making prepara tions for the meal. Her guest had attired himself in the clothes which she had provided, and, overcome by the pleasant warmth after his long ex posure to the wet and cold, had sunk down in his chair and was dozing. Once or twice she glanced across to him, and then seeing that he was really asleep she moved softly bover to his side and looked down into his face. In her husband's rough clothes his fair boyish face looked all the handsomer by reason of the contrast, and as she looked into it she felt a lump come into her throat, and her heart beat fast. Again there came that sensation of fear. Why had he come? -What was the meaning of it? If only she dared ask him! Her husband's heavy footsteps- out side warned her of his approach, and she retreated to the table, still hold ing her hand to her side, as though in lpain. Presently he entered, bearing in his hand a smoking dish and a kettle from which the steam was issuing in a little cloud. The tea was soon made, and when all was in readiness they awakened their guest. He sprang to his feet at once and drew up his chair to the table with alacrity. 'I've actually been dozing, have I ' he exclaimed. 'I should have thought that hunger would have kept me awake. Mrs. Doore,' he continued, 'your fish is excellent. I never tasted better.' 'I am glad you like it, sir,' she answered. 'It's about the only thing. we have fit to offer you.' 'And the tea is delicious,' he added, setting down his cup. 'I feel a dif ferent man already.' Once or twice during the meal the door was softly opened, and some one would put a head in and retreat with an awkward apology. At first the stranger seemed puzzled, but before long the truth began to dawn upon him. ' Mras. Doore, is this an inn?' he asked. 'It be, sir. Burely.' 'And those men want to come in, of course. Let them in at once, Mrs. Doors. I insist upo, it.' *'Won't they annoy you, sir?' she asked doubtfully. 'They're but rough sort o' chaps like, and--' 'Not another word, Mrs. Doore, but let them come in. I should be sorry to monopolise the whole room.' She moved to the door and called to them. One by one they came in and seated themselves around the wide fireplace, each making some sort of clumsy salutation to the stranger as they entered. 'My good men,' he said pleasantly, when they had all entered, 'I asm much obliged to all of you for coming Ito look for me. Fill up your glasses, and remember' he added, turning to Jim Duore, 'whatever is drunk to night is drunk at my expense.' • There was a murmur of thanks and general brightening up in the little· circle. In a few minutes the stranper had finished his meal, and, drawmig his chair after him, joined the circle. From the pocket of his coat, which was stretched out before the fire, he drew out a morocco case and lit a cigar. Then, stretching himself out in his chair, he turned to the landlord. 'Now, Mr. Doore,' he said, 'I'm ready to hear all about that mysterious light up in the castle and all about the ghost. Fire away.' (To Io Cstinumed.) 