1H£J ROYAL CHARTER. ? » ? Concert and Bali. A grand concert, arranged by ills members of tbe Royal Charier Lodge, G.U.O.F.G., m aid of Bro. Jas. Smith, who is permanently incapacitated, took place in the Town Hall, on Friday even iug, Angust 23. In the unavoidable M.L.A, efficiently undertook the duties of Chairman. Mr C. Morgan opened the proceedings with a well-executed piano forte solo. This gentlcmau also played the accompaniments for the various performers during the evenings Mr D. Lyons sang ' Four jolly smiths,' which was well received, and Mr J. Tobias received au encore ror ms singing ci iue go'.den kippers.* A comic recitation^ entitled ' Matrimony,' by Mr J. Davey. created roars of laughter. Mr F. Lamb's rendition of ' To mtt is human, to forgive divine' was firct-class and merited an encore. Mr J. Phillips was accorded a | recall for his well-executed sand jig, and Mr Mullgrove was very successful in the song ' How they do it.' Mr C. Alldis sang ' Morine Norine * ia a pleasing voice, and Mr J. Riley with his negro comic, alities, kept the audience in a good humor Miss J. Smith sang ? Farewell Marguerite ' sympathetically. Mr C. M, Morgau con tributed the descriptive tong, 'The difference between east and west,' and -nrvfiiiTn i^r m' r 3 f 1 jr; ijwn ^MpsJT. mi]^/ and received a' xotsing '*§rilsore-; This item concluded the first portion of tlis programme. After the usual interval, Mr C. Morgan favored the company with a first-class pianoforte solo, after which, Miss Williams, who was in fine voice, sang ' Au revoir,' and in response io the many calls for an encore sang * Thou art divine.' These two soDgs were splendidly rendered. Mr Tobias favored the audience with a comic medley, and as an encore, 6ang * I was on it.' A sailor's hornpipe by Miss Hickman formed a ? pleasing interlude. Mr M. Pate con tributed ' The shipwreck,' and Mr Remin soa ' The mulberry tree.' Miss Massey rendered ' The picture that is' turned to the wall ' in a pleasing manner. Mr S. Charters sang * Very small potatoes after me,' which found so much favor with the audience that an encre was demanded and responded to. Mr Cunningham was encored for bis singing of ' Oh Peter.' Tho evergreen Will Crawford contributed a comic recitation in his well - known style, and had to respond to an encore A duett Iniano and mouth harmonica) by Messrs C. Morgan and J. Wyatt, was a very pleasing item. A side-splitting farce entitled ' The barber's 'apprentice, or the capture of the ghost,' in which Mr J. Davey played a prominent part, concluded the programme. On the motion of Mr Wm. Stocker, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, to which Mr Sangster suitably responded. It is grati yiag to know that as the result of the good work performed by the members of. the lodge hi arranging the concert, a good sum will be handed over to the hencficaire. At the dance which followed, Mr T Rendall ably officiated as M.C., the music being supplied by Messrs. Morgan and Rendall's band. A few of the principal costumes are appended : — Miss Black — pale blue and black. 1 Mrs R. Blaci3mbri^B15cK, sESiiTslee ves, violet and jet trimmings. Mrs Byrne—black and pink silk, iet ornaments. Mrs S. L. Charters — fawn with shot silk trimmings. Mrs Cameron — black and cream, Mrs Dunlop — black and cream. Mrs Dawson — moire, siik trimmings, with crcpon and royal lace. Mrs P. Frcyer — black velvet. Miss Fitzgerald (South Melbourne) — black liberty silk. Mrs J. C Forl — navy blue, pale blue trimmings. Mrs G. T. Greenwood— grey tweed, Maltese lace trimmings. Miss Hartnell — yellow and black silk. Miss Hall — black and jet trimmings. Mrs Hennessy — black silk, jet orna ments. Mrs A. Johnson (South Melbourne) — brown moire silk. Mrs Johnson— black, pale blue and black lace. Mrs Kiniburgb— black silk and jet. Miss Ethel McArthur— grey with velvet trimmings. Mrs D. Mackay — pale blue and black. Miss T. Poer (South Melbourne) — heliotrope and buttercup satin. Mrs John Kendall— black cashmere, jet and velvet trimmings. Miss Rodgers — black satin and figured cashmere. Miss Summers — black crape doth Mrs W. Tyrrell — grey merveilleux silk, black lace aud pink roses. 