PRESENTATION TO THE REV. PATRICK O'REILLY. ON Thursday evening of last week the Mechanics' Institute was well filled by a number of co-religionists and other friends of the Rev. Patrick O'Reilly, who assem- bled at the invitation of Messrs. Patrick O'Hagan and Patrick M'Grath, as joint hon. Secretaries to a testimonial to the rev. gentleman, who had told them to liberally entertain all comers. Conse- quently the hall presented somewhat of a novel appearance, a central and top table being well covered with refreshments, in cluding wines and spirits, cake, sandwiches and fruit, while tea and coffee were pre pared in the back hall. Several ladies cordially assisted the proceedings by act ing as volunteer waitresses, and the pro ceedings were of a very cordial character -quite enthusiastic, (or, as the Argus would say " perfervid") at times, especi ally when the recipient of all these hon ours was orating in a most able manner with all the warmth of imagery which is characteristic of his nationality. In these prosaic days the whole meeting was quite an exhilirating experience, and gave a glimpse of what thorough union of a social character is capable of accomplishing. The chair was taken by the President of the Shire (Cr. J. Bourke) who had on his right hand the guest of the evening (the lRev. Patrick O'liilly) and on his left the Rev. Daniel Horan, whose colleague the Itev. Father O'Reilly had recently been for a period of five years, having now been appointed to a similar position at Essen don with the 1Rev. D. B. Neluan, who was also present, as well as the REev. J. Hen nessy, of Lilydale, and the Rev. W. M'Donnell, of Bacchus Marsh. The Recv. Montague Williams (Church of England) and the lev.W.Trcbilcock (Wesleyan) also accepted an invitation to be present, as did Mr. S. T. Staughton, M.L.A. for the dis trict. Mr. John O'Shea, of Greendale, and a number of parishioners from various parts of the charge lately ministered to by the Rev. Father O'Reilly, travelled many miles to do him honour. The address to be presented to him occupied a couspicu- ous place of honour on the platform, and is the handsomest piece of illuminated work we have seen, the artist (Mr. J. M. Kennedy, of Essendon) having evidently made it a labour of love. It is of large size, but in no way clumsy, and most hand- somely framed, being in every sense a work of art, which such productions too seldom are. A beautiful floral border is broken at the sides by panels containing on the left hand an exquisitely designed and col- oured figure of the Good Shepherd, and on the right hand a landscape presenting a Celtic cross with a round tower in the distance. At the foot is a correctly drawn picture of St. Bernard's church, Bacchus Marsh, and at the top the coat of arms of the rev. gentleman. The colouring and illuminating are most harmonious and tasteful throughout, the letters also being most accurately delineated, and not slurred over, as is too often the case. The Chairman said they were all aware that the purpose of the meeting was to present to the Rev. Father O'Reilly an illuminated address and a purse of sover- eigns. Messrs. O'Hagan and M'Grath had worked well as promoters, and with con siderable success, as they could all see by the splendid gathering now present, and they were assisted by Mr. John O'Shea, of Greendale. He would ask Mr. D. A. Little to read the address. It was about five years since Father O'Reilly came amongst them as a new arrival, and a per- fect stranger to them all, but he was now leaving the district with a host of friends. The testimonial was all the more flatter- ing to Father O'Reilly as it had been sub- scribed to by people of all denominations who wished him, as he was sure they all did, long life and happiness in the new sphere of duty at Essendon to which he had been called. (Applause). Mr. D. A. Little (Shire Secretary) then read the address, as follows; To the Rev. Patrick O'Reilly. Rev. and dear Sir,-The residents within the Bacchus Marsh mission of the Archdiocese of Melbourne, who have had the advantage of your ministrations amongst them for five years, most heartily congratulate you upon your promotion to a more important sphere of labour at Essondon, vwhoro they are sure that your intellectual attainments as a preacher of the Gospel, and your un obtrusive Christian life, will meet with universal approval, as they have done in this district. On your removal from amongst us becoming known, a spontane ous desire was manifested throughout the district, and by all sections of the com munity, to present you with this address and accompanying purse of sovereigns, as a slight testimony of the appreciation which your charitable acts, kindly demeanour to all your people, more particularly to the humblest, and in all respects admirable discharge of your duties as an assistant priest to your respected pastor, the Rev. Daniel IIoran, had aroused in the minds of all persons who had obtained a know ledge of your daily life as a Christian Minister. Wishing you many years of usefulness and increasing honour in your Divine Master's service, and with our most cordial good wishes for your personal happiness, we are, on behalf of the sub scribers, your sincere friends and admirers -Patrick O'Hagan, P. M'Grath, John O'Shea, David Piggott, Henry Vallence, Michael Shanahan, Lawrence Hayden, James Bourke. The Rev. D. Horan excused himself from saying much as he had a sore throat. He deemed it a privilege to have this opportunity of tendering to Father O'Reilly his highest respects. And this gratification was intensified when he saw so many friends present. He knew Father O'Reilly's character more intimately than anyone else did. He evinced in private life the genial qualities of a good priest and a perfect gentleman. He was much pleased when he heard that a testimonial was being got up for Father O'Reilly, and he was sure that whenever lie looked at that illuminated address he would remember the many dear friends lie left in this district. He had been most anxious as a citizen to do all in his power to advance the district. He was most courteous and assidious as a priest, and the friendships he had made would remain for many long years to come. There were several gentle men present who were anxious to express their gratifichtion at liding here. They were all glad to see tihe testimonial so great a success. It was an honour to the promoters and to the subscribers, as well as to Father O'Reilly. (Applause.) The Chairman announced the receipt of a telegram from Mr. Thomas Cain, J.P., at Numurkah, regretting being detained by business there, which prevented his being present at the meeting. Mr. O'Hagan said there was very little credit due to the collectors. Before they started several persons came asking them to take money for a testimonial to Father O'leilly; and some of them were not Catholics. It showed that he must have endeared himself very much to a wide circle of friends to have elicited such feelings. (Applause.) Cr. D. Pigott felt proud to be called upon to speak a word of respect to Father O'Reilly. The only fault he had to find with him was that he was too free with his money. All that he had he would freely give to the poor. He had very much pleasure indeed in endorsing all that the address said in his honour or that had been uttered by previous speakers. (Ap plause.) Mr. P. M'Grath did not think there was anything left for him to say but to repeat what had already been said as to the high opinion they all had of Father O'Reilly as a gentleman and a priest. It was pre sumptuops to think they could keep him always with them, for he had behind him in the dear old land a high reputation. IIHe could truly say that he left them withl sincere good wishes, more than hlie could explain. He hoped that the tie of good fellowship and affection would not be severed, but that he would long remember them. He asked them to drink good 1 health, long life,'and happiness to Father i O'Reilly. (Applause.) The 1Rev. Patrick O'Reilly, on rising to respond, -was received with great applause, and spoke with considerable feeling and oratorical power, exciting frequent ap plause. He must first make one remark. E He had been asked by the testimonial I committee a few questions as to the form lie would prefer it should take, and while he declined to make any suggestions i which would hamper their discretion lie f had asked that everyone who desired to t meet him on this occasion should be res- t pectfilly, hospitably, and honourably re- a ceived on this night, and he was happy to t say that this wish had been carried out. I He was glad to see that they had been I entertained, and their presence appreciated. I He would first reply to their flattering E address. Two allusions deserved grateful I acknowledgement. First, his bearing to t the poor and humble. Second, the dis- N charge of his clerical duties-two most a important features of any minister's life. i He was not aware that his attitude to the I poor merited any special recognition. Its t meritoriousness was in its value before i God ; and that implied sacrifice, but there I was no sacrifice or even inconvenience on I his part; it arose from his natural I inclinations. The poor and distressed in- r cluded the aged, and they were the persons z who laid the foundations of human habita- t tions here, when they wrested the forest i from thle dingo and thle reptile. Wlhat I days, hbat nibtst, whbat 1.b-o-s, weres th.ss of these old colonists ! There was no eight a hours day for them, but from day dawn to s sunset they had only the sound of their 'J own axe to cheer them, and thus life went r on in the loneliness of nature. And they t occasionally suffered the blight of drought n or the fury of storms. When in the scenes b of these labours, so many thousands of n miles from their native land, these workers a prepared to lay their weary frames in an ts alien soil, he who was not drawn to o sympathy with careers such as these had t never felt with Ruskin that the highest t nobleness is usually associated with the f aged and infirm. Only kindness will ever t enable you to see what beauty there is in s those sunken eyes which earth's adversity b has encompassed around till they shine 1 like dying watehfires in twilight. Amongst v the tenderest lines ever penned on the o exile's fate are these- v "Somse on the shores of distant lands s Tieir weary hearts have laid ; And by the strangers heedless hands s Their lonely graves were imade." t* Perhaps the most pathetic emotions ever awakened in a priest's breast are those aroused by the solitary sound of his own voice breaking the gloom of a sorrowing P throng around an exile's grave. It was no special wonder then, that he should e have a tender care for such people. He had no pretensions, and next to no power to preach, but his experience was that the e sympathy of an audience was the greatest aid to spoken speech, and that sympathy he had from them at all times in such measure as to make even the dumb speak. Never again did he expect to meet with a people so deeply in sympathy with him and he with them. Deficient as he might have been he had given them of his best. He could not do more for any people, and to nfone but them could he a speak as lie was speaking now. Passing to more general questions there were two matters upon which he supposed they would like to have his opinion on this important occasion in his little life. First, a what did lie think of their district, and v secondly, in what disposition of mind towards it did he leave it, although the latter question had already been partly answorod. Charity and gootd tasto do manded that he should speak of the home where he had spent the five best years of his 'life, and of their most deservedly venerated pastor under whom he had, in some respects at least, so imperfectly t served. He liad never praised any person in his presence, however deserving, and lie should not do so now. It was objection able to praise a person to his face or to t disparage him behind his back. St. Paul said let there be nothing about the absent but what is good. Tie personal relations of all households should be presumed to be happy until the contrary was proved. Father Horan and himself were face to face with them all now, and could challenge them to say that either had said anything of the other in his absence except that which was good. That was fulfilling the whole gospel of charity. But he was not debarred friom praising a man's work, and if lihe were to dwell upon the continual display of com'tesy and advice of Father Horan his language t would grow fervent beyond expression. t He had no fear of contradiction when lie said there was no priest in the Archdiocese I of Melbourne who had done more apostolic work in the same time and with the same means than their respected priest had t done. Apostolic work required to be 1 fruitful and permanent. Everything he I had put his hand to had been fruitful from the first, and he doubted if there was any thing which bore a more permanent aspect in this progressive district than Father Horan's pastoral undertakings. He had approved himself before God as a work man that needeth not to be ashamed. He was fully convinced that, on the lips of their children's children, when they re counted the early history of Bacchlius Marsh, would be repeatedly and gratefully uttered the name of Father Horan. Nor t could he be altogether silent about his successor and fellow student, Father M'Donnell. If his experiences were the 1 same as his (the speaker's) lihad been, he had to expect from neighbouring creeds courtesy, generosity, and kindness. He ' had travelled every inch of this extensive district at almhnost all hours of the 24, and was never once made to feel the semblance ' of incivility or disrespect, but if he were ' to speak of the warm relations in which 1 he had lived with many representative gentlemen of other denominations his language would be cordial indeed. The presence of their respected Parliamentary representative, Mr. Staughton, was an un expected honour, not to be repaid by any passing compliment. There were many gentlemen either present or in sympathy with their meeting, who, although differ ing from him in belief, he should ever re member with gratitude and pride. Among these were Messrs. William Lyle, Mark Kyle, Hugh Meikle, Peter Grant, Con stable Thompson, Mr. Dickie, and Mr. Little. They brought home to his mind, with a meaning he had never felt before, the broad sentiment of their national poet when he said " Shall I ask the brave soldier who fights by my side it our creeds agree o Shall I g ive up the friend I have valued and If he boel not before tie lsame alter as me?" These are the neighbours Father M'Don nell has to live among, but he will find his own people keenly receptive of thei slightest sacrifice and most casual kindness; and when his hair begins to fall or to whiten in His Master's service he will be able to say that never did he put his hand to the plough in a soil more responsive than was typified by thel Catholic heart of Bacchus Marsh; nor, to borrow a simile fromt Robert Burns, will hle " ihauid his team" at the snd of the furrow up to more friendly borders than lie has here in his English Sand Scotch :'eighbours. B?u, th'ero were more than priests and parsons in Bacchus I Marsh, so they must widen their view to I take in the district as a whole. Financial t experts deemed it one of the soundest dis- . tricts in the colony. The general exper- f ience was that no one who ever lived in it a was at ease afterwards out of it. And no I one could have even a slight acquaintance c with it without feeling that there was n something lovable and superior in its in- s habitants, apparently indigenous to the I soil. These were not mere compliments r got up for this occasion, but were indelibly t impressed upon him as one result of his five years residence with them. He traced this material and social standard to three causes chiefly-first, their unrivalled soil and climate; second, their local paper; ( and third, the racy spirit of the people. If it was not a land flowing with milk and a honey, it did with lucerne and creamt. D He had often longed for an opportunity of I saying what they owed to their local paper. A paper is like a preacher-it can speak to everyone and of everyone, but never c with taste or effect of itself. He had always read the Explrcss with interest, and c it seemed to him to surpass most local g papers in two respects at least-its unsec tarian spirit and its attention to local t interests. He doubted if those who knew It him best could tell the precise religious 1 leanings of its editor; and it was one of % his regrets in leaving them that he had 1 not secured his acquaintance. The E.c- p press did not meddle mutch with interna tional politics, but devoted itself to the g improvement of railway facilities, the em- v bellishment of 1\addiulev Park the reno- - advancing the agricultural show, with a h steady supervision of municipal affairs. si The views advanced in the Express may o not be always the best; he often thought e them decidedly mistaken, but that did not rc matter at all. What did matter was to 0 have their own affairs kept before their tu mninds. Theyattended onlytowhatthey saw n and felt; they saw and felt not all that a they looked at but only what was forced n on their attention; hence he deliberately sl thought that much of the success of all w their movements, and a good deal of their T future progress, rested within the walls of b the Express office. The third great ft source of what they were and are caused w his heart to expand with the pride of race. ti This was the superior class of colonists o who settled here in the beginning. The w old people would remember many he F would refer to, but the young and the to strangers who wished to know all about ft the early coaching days, of tile glories of o the Woolpack, and the excitement of the tI Ballarat riots, must repair to Mir. Tom tl Bowe's fireside-the grand old man of c: Bacchus Marsh, from whom many of his a pleasanter experiences of Bacchus Marsh b had been derived. They should go there o early and often and learn all about the old la families. The old flame flickers as it o nears the century, and you will hear there it of the honoured dead-the Leahy's, Egan's, ii Young's, Ryan's, Vallence's, Anderson's, h Simpson's, Shea's, Cain's, Crook's, n M'Farlane's, O'Connell's,Grant's, Pearce's, a Connell's, M'Leod's, James's and many a others. Foolish, after a fashion, many of v them may have been, leaving the earth c little tangible legacy of their lives, but g they created a good spirit in this lovely is valley, and lie could give them no better u advice than to cherish the remembrance of these pioneers. May their memories r never die among the fields they fenced and o tilled. He was not fond of ghosts, but he a would risk an encounter with one to grasp ti a hand of a departed friend or see the v glance of an eye that had closed in death. a "Men talk of unkind hearts ind deeoos with i eoldness still returning; I Alas Tile gratitude of men has often left me b mourning." b In the end of all he would give them a puzzle. It was that he had never been as o happy amongst thetm as he hoped to be s away from them. The explanation of this o was to be found in the unalterable condi- i1 tions on which human happiness depends. fi You can never see tany large thing until you stand a little out from it. "'Tis dis tanee lends enchantment to the view." F Moore's account of the legendary origin of f Lough Neagh related how the water over-. flowed from the fountain till the city in ft the valley was submerged, and "As on Lough Xeagh's banks the liahermian strays When the clear cold eve is declining, lie sees the round towers oI other days It the wave beneath hilt shinitng."t Tituhns he would look back upon the retemt- a brance of his life in the Bacchus Marsh r valley. Ruskiun, in his renowned utter ances upon peace of mind, and the con- I ditions on which it maty be gained, elo quently applied the tender Greek tale of t the Halcyoli's nest safe on the surface of a the waters though built upon sea foban. None of us, he said, knew what fairy t palaces we might build for ourselves, proof g against adversity, which care could not t disturb, pain make gloomy, nor poverty a take away from us-nests upon the sea of I life safe above all others, only they need p much art in the building, and are houses built without hands for our souls to live t in. Tile moral of this evening's proceed- I ings for us all is that we should so order our few fleeting hours of life while they are under our control that in future times i they may flower into a past on which we I can look at least without risking (like Lot's s wife) to become pillars either of salt or of r shame. If he was at liberty to argue c from the united evidences of this evening I he had, during his residence amongst them, though quite unconscious of his work, built castles, not in the air, but on the 1 earth-or, rather, partly in the air and partly on the earth. The accumulated waters of life contained in a continuous stream of five years time had since flowed over them. They shone that night be neath, and would shine with growing splendour-- a joy for ever, as he strayed on the banks of life when the clear cold evening of life was declining. From the united evidences of that evening, too, he fondly fancied that at least on tCie surface of the affections of thlis great people, and in the white foam of youth, he lhad built a nest proof against adversity for his weary heart to rest in against declining years, troublous times, and likely hearts less kind than their kind hearts. In con clusion, from lhis heart hlie thanked them all, whether present or absent, for all the past. His powers of expression were mnis ,rable compared with the depths of his gratitude to the memibers of the committee, to Messrs. O'Hagan, M'Grath, Pigott, and all their kind and generous co-operators in initiating and carrying to a conclusion the movement on his humble account ter minating so grandly that night. No dis tinction of creed or of country lhad, hlie was indescribably pleased to be aware, been so far observed in it, neither should there be distinction in his present grateful refer ences, nor in his future gratefil unending remembrances. Lastly, with whatever sincerity of feeling and expression lihe could muster, he thalnked all present who, in spite of distance, darkness, or personal inconvenience, were there that night to hlonour the occasion with their presence. He could not sit down without an expres sion of gratitude to a few families to whoms the necessities of his miissionary worke mado him frequouently burdentsome. Thcss were the Iloyal hotel anud Mr. Coburn at Melton; Messrs. Hayden, O'Callaghatl, M'Carthy, and Taylor at Illlaeckwodl; Mr. iDenis Ryan, of Mt. Blackwood; and Iis faithful, never to be forgotten old friend, Mr. John O'Shea, of Greendale. St. Paul found himself under similar obligations to the house of Onesepherous. His gratitude to the families named would take the form of St. Paul's prayer for his staunch and hospitable friend-" The Lord give nercy to the house of Onesepherous be cause he hath often refreshed me, and Iath not been ashamed of my chain." The eum of all, and his last fond, final, and universal farewell, that they iniglht long remember it, he would leave with thlem in this rude rhcyme Friesds of years, rcn-tbcr wlhen I'tm gollce, In dSays of joy, or nights of darkeost grief, This heart goes with you. ono by owe, From Digger's Rest to lBarry's Seel. (Great applause). A break in the proceedings was now alforded by Miss M'Grath singing "The Minstrel Boy;" Misses Dickie gave a piano and violin duet; Misses Barry sang " The Convent bells." The Chairman next proposed the toast of " The Queen." Mr. M'Grath proposed "The visiting clergy," and said nothing could give him greater pleasure than to do so. When he saw so many clergymen present he came to the conclusion that Father O'Reilly was highly respected, and their presence to do him Ilonor should not be overlooked. It vas one good proof that their meeting to night was a just and proper one. (Ap plause.) The Rev. Montague Williams felt it a great honour to be present. He could well understand the affectionate regard in rhichl Father Ot .illy was held after his lhin was the manifest symlpathcy that ex isted between them. The secret of success of any minister rested with the sympath otic good will with which his effort's were received. They had done honour to Father O'Reilly, but they had done more honour to themselves. They showed that when a man gave them of his best they appreci ated it. If they wished to get all from a san of which he was capable they must show that they appreciated him. This ias especially the case with ministers. They were not acting upon inert matter, but upon human souls, and unless they Felt that they were sowing seed which would germinate they could not give to that people what they would give under other circumstances. As mere men of the rorld they had acted wisely in giving Father O'Reilly heart to go to another dis trict and do for others what lie had done for them. They had anticipated the union of the churches. They had exemplified the law of good fellowship and respected tihe good work done by each although carried out on different lines. He was afraid they would not get any other union, but even for that all Christians could lab cur. The members of the Church of Eng land could learn much from the devotion f the Catholics to their church. When ie saw the sacrifices the members made in coming miles to attend their church his heart sank within him when lihe fonnd so many reluctant to walk even a mile to attend church. If they profited by the ex ample of Father O'Reilly's people they vould do good to themselves, to their hnurch, and to their clergyman. He con ratulated Father O'Reilly upon the speech toe had given, and the reception lie had met with. (Applause). Rev. . B1. Nelan thanked them for the reception they had given him and the hon ours showered upon Father O'Reilly. He also reciprocated the kindly sentiments of ihe Rev. Mr. Williams. Father O'Reilly vas now his assistaint, and the five months association with him had been quite of a honeymoon mutual admiration character. He had every reason to hope that lie would be as successtul in Essendon as he had boeen hero. although perhanps not so. well apprcciated. Hfo was glad to have had an opportunity of listening to his eloquent speech. He had summarised the history of Bacchus Marsh in a way which showed ie had a retentive Inemory as well as a luent tongue. He had often found him self that the eloquence of his heart did not reach his tongue. He had often heard Father Reilly speak as lie might say boast fully of Bacchnus Marsh, so that he felt at times somewhat small in consequence, but from what he had seen that might be con cJuded that Father O'Rleilly was justifi ably sincere in his sentiments, although he knew that first missions had a peculiar affection for all of them. It caused him mnch satisfaction to join in however feeble a degree, in this magnificent expression of regard for colleague. (Applause). Mr. Mark Kyle, J.P., proposed "The Parliament of Victoria," 'and hoped they could pardon him if he digressed from the toast. His principal object was to do hon our to Father O'Reilly, who was well vorthy of it, and enjoyed the respect of those outside his denonmination. He re gretted his departure, as the town and dis trict were losing a gentleman whose actions and daily life were highly commendable. He always met Father O'Reilly with pleasure, because he found himself much edified by his conversation. He was sure that lie would be eminently successfill in Essendon. He was always mindful to advance the work of his great Master, whose reward was certain, while public applause was fickle. He had no doubt that the "Well done, good and faithful servant," awaited him. As to the Parlia ment of Victoria he reserved his opinion of it for the ballot box. He was quite sure the members tried to do their best, and to refrain fromn repeating the follies of days gone by. The preliminary canter of the last Session was not so bad. The present Parliament was still on its trial. It was for them to record the verdict at the pro per time. The present Premier would be able to tell the Lower House when it mlet that he had succeeded in making both ends meet. That was a great work done. But in any case they ought all to honour Par liament as an institution as it was one they created for themselves from time to time. (Applause). Mr. Staughton, who was well received, said Mr. Kyle hiad disarmed criticism by repeating the time honocred trnism thiat Parliament was what they made it them selves. It must be intensely gratifying to Father O'Reilly to see such an assemblage of all denominations present, as w'ell as his own, all hoping that hie miight be as great a success at Essendon as he had evidently been here. He must have tonchecd many a heart string in this dis trict, and that would help to fill up that little castle in the air he depicted, and it would encourage hIim in the future. lHe regretted that he hcad not cultivated hIis company. He had listened to a great many orators, but he had never been muoved to more pleasurable feelings than when listening to him, except perhaps upon one occasion when Professor Pearson ex tolled that noble piece of natiounail comrade ship tihe despatch of the Soudan contingent. Father O'Reilly was evidently not a man who mrade Christianity a cut-throat religion. Thcat cwas one thing in which we were all dillerent froci thie olt religious persecution days, and for ewhich we could not be too thankfcl. W? all liked to do unto others as we would be done by, and we could now do it, and worship as we liked, without being ihounded down. He must againm congratulote Foather O'Reilly upol havicng won tice hearts of his people. As to Parliament it wals very trme it was only a comnmittee of tile publlc, and people expected too much from it. Tihey- thou~ght it was going to ift the colony out of all its difficulties straight off, and always make good laws. Members did their best, but they had no control over circum stances, and what seemed good and was good to-day might be the very reverse in a short time. He hoped that, whether the monometallists or the bimetallists suc ceeded in maintaining their doctrine, there would be a brighter tale to tell when members next had to render an account of their stewardship. He had heard that the only enterprising msan left was Mr. Dickie, and lie was only pulling down houses at Footscray and putting them up at Bacchus Marsh. Father O'Reilly had very truly said that Bacchus Marsh was as sound a place as any in the colony, and there could not be a doubt that it would be among the survivors of the fittest. He could not for one moment come into competition with Father O'leilly as a speaker, and he hopcd to be able to read his splendid speech in full in that immortal paper the 1Exlress. (Applause.) Mr. D. A. Little proposed " The Ladies," to whom they were all deeply indebted for taking a very great deal of trouble and hard work in supplying them with the refreshments that evening. Mr. A. Robertson returned thanks. Mr. David Robertson proposed " The Press," which, he said, was the most foolish thing possible to ask him to do, as ihe made no liand at it, and in that respect he was like Mr. Crisp himself. However, the Press, like everything else, had its good qualities. The Ex.press, for a country paper, was as good as most, and as Father O'Reilly praised it, no doubt it was a good bers of ParliamentF' and "errhapis ithii deserved it. They were indebted to the E'xprcss for very much assistance of various kinds, and when they differed from it perhaps they were to blame. Mr. C. Crisp said it was no pleasure to him to reply to this toast because he never felt inclined to enlarge upon it nor did he feel that it was desired that he should do so. He was far from thinking that the Press as a whole met his ideal of what it should be, nor did he think that Church and State and Parliament did so either, but whatever doubts there might be about that there could be none that meetings of this kind were admirable, and probably they would be more frequent in another fifty years time. He had come to Bacchus Marsh nearly 30 years back thinking that as it was so near Melbourne lie could easily get away from it, and a number of people came to the colony with the same idea of going away, but he did not suppose that he should ever leave Bacchus Marsh, although he must say that he never felt that he had any audience here. Some years ago the late Hon. John Thomas Smith remarked at a public dinner given at what was then Keily's hotel, that if they all met together oftener they would find they were all jolly good fellows, and that was the feeling uppermost in his mind at the present meeting. Father O'Reilly and he were affinities in many respects, but they had not associated with each other, as it was not his habit to do that. Some day lie might feel impelled to make a speech similar to Father O'Reilly's, but that time was not yet. Mr. D. A. Little recited " Ratferty's sea voyage." Dr. Stralan sang " Savour neen Declish." Mr. Leigh Harris sang "The Holy City," and for an encore gave "The Irishman's dream." Mr. A. Robert son gave a lively rendering of " Killaloe," which was loudly encored. The Rev. P. O'Reilly said he wished specially to thank the Rev. Mr. Williams for his kindly speech. There was not so much difference between them as there might seem to be, and it would almost appear that the talked-of union of the churches had already reached its first had also very much pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman, who had most efliciently discharged his duties, although of course the meeting had been most agreeable throughout, and had not given him any trouble. (Applause.) Cr. Bourke returned thanks. It had given him very great pleasure indeed to preside, and he hoped it would not be the last meeting of the kind they would have in Bacchus Marsh. The proceedings then closed. The purse of sovereigns given to the Rev. Father O'Reilly contained £50, and the amount could have been easily increased but for the expenditure which the rov. gentleman desired should be incurred upon refreshments, and his known disregard for money, and objection to anything like canvassing for subscriptions. Very great credit is due to Mr. O'Hagan for the notable success achieved, both in the or ganisation of the testimonial and the arrangements for the public meeting. 