SECOND DAY. Biareyiistone Completes the Double. A Graijd {{ace for tlje Cup. Allsopps's Stable iu ' Form.' 'Sneaker' Speaks tt\e Steeple. The second day of the popular Tattersall's Meeting opened bright and ' racy,' albeit in the early morning a high Southerly wind obtained, promising -0 make it somewhat unpleasant on the exposed portions of the course. It dropped, however, before the sport began, and everything went merry as the liyronic marriage bell. Backers looked happy and pleasant, on uood terms with themselves, aud all the world, but the opposite was the case with the pencillera, who appeared hot and disgruntled, and were inclined to curse a cruel fate, which impelled them to persistently lay the winner. Proceedings opened pleasantly enough for the layers of the odds, tor the winner, Albi core, of the New. Year's Gift was not much sought after. Nor was the winner, Machinist, of tbe Selling Race in much request. But, then a re-action ect iu, and backers kept steadily on the spot, scoring in all the four remaining races. Very much The Same Crowd as noticed above as patronising the first day of tbe meet were again in' evidence, as well as a few now faces. Noticeable among these was Mr. Dick Graven, a well-known Charters Towers identity, who, though he don't bet since he wont into business as a millionaire, used to plunge heavily in the good days 44 gone, alas! for ever,' and could usually then be depended upon to tire tbe books out when he ' knew anything.' Harry Dawson | was again on deck, armed with that inevit able black pipe, which is strong, d -- d strong, but not as strong as Bluff Harry's faith in Blameystone ; and the persuasion that Harry brought to bear on the real ruler of this bleeding country, Mr, Critcbetr Walker, enabled that popular Under-Secretary to leave the course wearing an expansive smile and an expanded pocket to match. Queenslanders, South Australians, Westraliane and Tictoriana foregathered under the pines with their New South Wales cousins and discussed tbe chances of the various Gup candidates with the acumen of brother sportsmen. The only accident to roar the afternoon's sport was that to True Blue and his rider, Austie Delancy, who came a cropper when making a bold bid for victory- in the Nursery Handicap. # On enquiry before lea/tag the course. 1 was pleased to find that, barring a bruised shoulder, the lad was none the woreo for what was undoubtedly a bad fall. The colt did not appear to have sustained any Hamate. The Fun Began with the New Year's Gift, for which 24 sprinters faced - Mr. Watson and Gray's (starting machine. Solanum and Tiwoona 1 were tbe public elect, and the money simply poured in for theee two fliers. Very few others were backed, except in a desultory, half-hearted way. Albicoro was nibbled at for a few poundB owing to her having the services of Gis Parker, and she made hacks of her field, winning at her ease from Tiwoona. Uirondellc's position throughout the Tace was a surprise after hyr two previous in glorious displays. Tiwoona ran in her usual . honest fashion, but was clearly overmatched. With the winner out c-£ the way it is prob able that Whakawatea would have shown more prominently, put when it was se4n that pursuit of Lamond'p flying mare was hope less the Maori gracefully retire^ into the ruck. Sol#, though holding/a firm posi tion, was never actually dangerous through out. The Disposil Stakes wfts remarkable chiefly for the error Fielded made in backing tbe wrong horse. That a&ute; trainer started Machinist with the obqect of making tbe pace for the unreliable'Peacock. He started J with good intentions, Hut went away ateuoh i a bat that neither his {stable companion nor { the rest of the field ,ever had a ghost of a j chance of catching hira. Then* came the race ;} of the day, / j Tatterb all's Cup. J From the very opeking of the boots Tbe 4 Trier was always favorite, while next in » domaud was Trldentntc, who lot some un- * explained reason was very firm at 6 to 1. I Theophilus; aa usual, carried the Newcastle' gold, whieh was heaped on him to no small amount, while Flume had a strong follow ing who accepted 8 and 10 to 1 freely. Blarney stone, who should have been favorite, was at the same price as Tasman'a best daughter, while Loyalty waB a strong tip in certain quarters, though 14 to 1 was always forthcoming against the M&ori-; lander, and Donation and Right Honorable figured ou the same mark. Huenalf, New man, and Glcndenuon were at Jo to X, ana the others don't call for comment. Stroll ing round the paddock, the first Cup horse I spotted was the beautiful Blarneystone, surrounded by a little knot of well-wishers, who passed encomiums on the splendid con dition ho was turned out la by his paius taking young trainer, Steve Ward. Mr Frank Hill, his owner, tried hard to look in different, but utterly failed, and ooniidence in his favorite was written in every glance and movement. The Trier attracted the greatest attention, having a big levee, and appearing trained to the hour. BilSy Brcunan seemed brimful of con fidence as he saddled bis pet, with the inevitable cigar between his lips. Florrie waB saddled near the carriage-paddock and the bonnie daughter of Tasrnan and llubina never looked better in hor life. Her pilot, the veteran Martin Gallagher, though con fident the gallant mare would give a good account of herself, had doubts about her staying the two miles out, but reckoned his chance a good one if the field dawdled ou the way. No doubt tho old general was right, as the cracking pace sot them by Pilot boy effectually extinguished theoiare's chance. Loyalty did not strike me as being at his best, as ho looked robust end tomc what aldermanic. Neither did Rueualf look like a probable Gup winner. Pilot Boy ap peared LIGHT AND HUNGRY, and Nightingale, though she pleased the eye, appeared to be suffering from severe soreness. Theophilus looked as well as his best l'riend could wish, but the question intruded itself, ' Could ho stay the distance?' Events proved that he couldn't, or at least, not at the pace. Newman had Kelso's beat polish on him, but the faint-hearted son of Ncw minster'BfriendB, rememberinghie inglorious display a wec-k back, left the lop-cared brown severely alone. Why Tridentate should be backed to beat such a horse as Blarneystone at level weights was to me a riddle. Nothing in hi9 past perform ances nor iu his appearance would warrant the assumption. Donation wanted another month's preparation, and the distance wa generally voted too far for Opfair. Miletos Glendennon, and Honor Bright looked out of place ; and though Eight Honorable was well and had a light weight, few lingered to discusB the chances of the lengthy eon of Grandmaster. When Me. Watson Said 'Go!' Pilot Boy immediately rnshed to the front, evidently bent on making it a true run race, and so well did he carry out his mission that ere a mile had been covered he led by 30 lengths, nothing else appearing at all anxious to chase Mr. Uxcnham'g flier. Hear ing the sheds, however, tbe fact evidently struck some of the riders that it was time to go after the flying son of Gozo. and The Trier, Blarneystone, and Loyalty were prominent in a determined effort to reduce his lead. Passing the half mile th* whip was out on Blarneystone, and Loyalty faltered and lost hiB place. Tbe green jacket of Theophilus* rider could be seen working towards the front at the bend, but a few hundred yards of pressure were enough for the Northern hoig3, and he took his place atnohg the beaten divisitn. Meanwhile Blarneystone, with The Trier at his girths, was in hot pursuit of the leader, and at the distance succeeded in getting on terms with him. A little further on Blkrneyatone shook The Trior off, and looked like winning easily, utjttil M. Gallagher on Florrie put in an ap pearance on the scene. The gallant mare made a beautiful run, but died away in the last hundred yards, leaving the big son of Marvellous to win by a length ; The Trier, finishing none too well, was third; the rest etrung out in a long tail, ending up with Ruenalf. Tridentate was never dangerous, nor was that boss of the track, Newman. Donation ran. fairly well, and he, with the others, seemed jolly glad when the straggle was over. This is Blarneystone's third win after a heartbreaking series of barren place honors, too numerous for recapitula tion. He shares with Tcmpe, the dam of Titan, the honor of boing the winner of the doable, Summer and Tattersall's Cup, The Steeplechase on public form looked the best of good things for Sneaker, who would have won the A.J.C. Steeplechase had it not been for the unfortunate accident at those wretched paltnge inxhe straight. Old Inkermau, who has generally been looked upon as a certainty to get round, has taken to bad habits, and persistently refused the first fence. Tatta fell at tbe first obstacle, fortunately without injuring himself or his rider, It was a sight for the gods to see Buffalo Bill's Mahatma. Tatta* trainerf tearing up th« straight in search ot his fallen ^favorite, his long locks streaming in the summer wind I The Ace, though he jumped _ well, was fairly knocked up at ihe end,, and 'finished a Ipng way behind. Raven, & horse who looked lonely without a bus, could hardly raise & walk after a mile had been traversed. Indeed, after the Sod Wall was reached the second time, only four had a chanoe of scoring, and this little band was reduced by Joker falling &t; the sheds. With his most dangerouB opponent thus re moved, Sneaker came along and won as he likpd, amid loud cheers for Rheece, who a week back looked a fit candidate for a ride in a hearse. « The Nursery Handicap. , Eleven youngsters lined up for thiB event, and Form and Creme d'Or were the public picks, True Blue and Waterfall pushing them close for favoritism, while tbe consistent Ury was not neglected. Form, Ury and Cool alt a carried on the running to the half distance, where True Blue, in attempting to join the leaders, crossed his legs and fell heavily. Form fought it out like a good one, and when Gardner called on him, finished with un flinching gamoness, and landed another race lor Alsopp's stable. As Form has been fre quently referred to in these columns daring the last few weeks as the makings of a groat racehorse it is unnecessary to further discuss him here, except to say that Mr. White holds a strong hand In the coming classic events with Form, -Fort, aud Georgic. The Welter M jle wound up the day with a meritorious win for Tiwoona, who easily beat her co-favorite, lolantbus, by four lengths, he being in turn five lengths in front- of his nearest attendant. This win, being a popular one, sent the public home on good terms with themselves. Winning Owners. The following are the amounts won at tbe meeting 8. Fielder £700, F. Hill £G00, H. O. White £215, H. Oxenb&m; £160, S. B. Kennedy £130, T. Lamoni £125, G. Croker £115, W. 11. Hall £$0, J. Tuck £90, M, Griffin £90, A. Hook £90, 6. Hordern, £S0, Brennan and Noake £30, B. Keys £20,' T. McCarthy £15, and H. Herbert, 112, Eckford, W. Miller, J. O'Louglilin £rb each. Winning Trainers and Jockeys. The following is the list. Trainers:— J. AUsopp and 6. Fielder two wins each, aud each ot the following led back a winner — T. Lamond, S. Ward, S. 11. Kennedy, M. Griffin, H. Giltinan, J. Monaghan. M. Thompson, and G. Croker. 1L Gardiner was the only jockey to earn two wins, viz., on Form in the Nursery and Tiwoona in the Welter. The following riders each won a race : — J. Tierney, C. Parker, W. Rheece, J. Keighran, Mr. J. O'Loughlin, A. Luckman, Frank Fielder, Austin Delaney, W. Delaney, and Jas. Gough. Winning Stallions. Splendor, Marvellous, and Sweet William sired two winners each. The first- named having Albicore and Tiwoona to represent him ; while Blarneystone and Killarney claim Marvellous as their sire. Sweet William was responsible for Plain Bill and Theophilus, while Garfield, Martini-Henry, Hotchkiss, The 6tar, Goldsborough, and Crun brook bad a winner each. Results ? TUE NEW YEAR'S GIFT, A handicap of 150 sovs ; second horse 25 sots from the prize. Six furlongs. T Lamond'schm Albicore, (-yrs, by Splen dor, imp— Sea Swallow, imp, Sst (Parker) 1 H C White's Tiwoona, 4yrB, by Splendor, imp— Souvcnla, 7st 41b... (D Cook) 2 A Thompson's Hirondelle, 3yrs, by Lochiel— Vitisse, 8st 9lb ...(Bhipton) 3 Other 6tarlers : Bungebah (Gainsford), Whakawatea (Albury), Solanum (W Dela ney)', Moorefield (Jas Gough), Fharamond (Ellis), Begins (Simmons), Belgiornio (3 no Gough), Nobleman (McCarthy), Brooklyn (Gallagher), The Captain (H Cook), M.L.A. (Conlon), Little Agnes (K Gougb), Playmate (P Harris), Alexander (Durston), Juvenile (6 Callinan), Bluo Cap (Luckman), Cawarra (Blackford), Fitz Donovan (Lamb), Loch Isle (Lavcock), Lakestone (E deal), Sub lime (Roach.) Betting : 4 to 1 v Solanum, 5 to 1 Tiwoona, 12tol Whakawatea, Pharamond, Albicore, Little Agnes, and Juvenile, 20 to 1 others. A splendid start was effected, and when they hod settled down, the colors of Hiron delle, Albicore, Tiwoona, and Solannm were the most prominent, with Playmate last. As tney streamed past the sheds Hirondelle led Tiwoona and A*lbicore by half a length, then came Solannm, Pharamond and Whakawate.a Aibicore shot to tbe front as they made the turn, Hirondelle being her nearest attendant, then came Tiwoona, Solanum, Pharamond and Little Agnes. Albicore careered along in front, whilst Hirondelle made strcnnouB efforts to get on terms. At the half distance Tiwoona joined Hirondelle, with Pharamond, Little Agnes, Sol# and Whakawatea in. close attendance, but nothing had a chance with Aibicore, who won easily by 3 lengths from Tiwoona, who was threc- qnartcrs of a length in front of Hirondelle. Pharamond was a head off fourth, and a length behind him came Whakawatea Little Agnes and Solanum in a line. Blue Cap headed the next bunch, the last of which were Fitz Donovan, Loch Isle and Lakcston. Time, ]mia 14£sec. (Winner trained by T. Lamond, Rand wick.) TEE DISPOSAL STAKES, Of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold by auction for 10ft sovs. Welghtfor age ; 71b allowed rn each reduction of 25 sovs on raVi ng price down to nil. Beven furlongs. S T ieldcr's b h Machinist, Byrs, by Golds borough— Little Wanzer. nil, 7st 21b (Frank Fielder) 1 A fihaw's b g Baroona, aged, by Glen alvon— O.JJ. maie, nil, fist 131b (Durston) 2 W Johnson's b g 6omnus. aged, by Somnus, nil, Gat 131b ... (Callinan) 3 Other starters : .Panoply (Gough), Magnus Sunbridge (Moran), Peacock (Luck man), Rosstell&n; (D, Cook). Betting : B to 2 v Panoply, 4 to 1 Peacock, 5 to 1 Somnus, 6 to 1 Baroona, 8 to 1 Robb tcllan, 10 to 1 Mactinist and Sunbridge. When the word was given Machinist went to the front, followed by Panoply, who fell back at the sheds. Machinist led to the turn, followed by Baroona and SomnuB. At the half- distance Baroona made a run at Machinist, who just managed to hold his own and win by a short head, Bomnus half a length off third, then tbrco lengths away came Peacock, with Panoply, Sunbridge, and RosBtellan ten lengths away together. Time, lmin 29!,&ec.; On being submitted to auction Machinist was bought-in for £26. (Winner trained ny 6 Fielder, Kandwick). tattedbalL'6 club oup, Of 700 sovs. Second horse to receive 70 eovs, and the third horse .30 eovs from the prize. A winner of any handicap race after the declaration of the weights to carry 31b extra ; of the value of 200 sovs, 61b ; of the value of 500 sovs, 101b extra. ; Two miles. F Hill's br h Blarneystone, by M&rvel-; . loue— La Belle, 5yrs, 7st 41b, and lOlbpen ? ... (J Tierney) 1 W R Hall's b m Florrie, by Tasman— ' Rubina, Gyre, Sat 2lb, and 3Lb pen ? (Gallagher) 2 Brenn&n; and Noakc's ch h The Trier, by Trident— Ladybird, 4yrs, 7st 101b ? (Conlon) 3 Other starters : Rnenalf (Redfera), Pilot Boy (W Delaney), Loyalty (O Ettridge), Nightingale (Pearson), Newman (Parker), Tridentate (Jas Gough), Donation (Warden), Theophilus (John Gough), tlphir (Roach), Miletos (Bridges), Glendennon (Luckman), Honor Bright (Callinan), Right Honorable (D Cook). Betting : fi to 2 v Tho Trier, G to 1 Tri dentate, 7 to 1 Theophilus, 8 to 1 Florriennd Blarneystone, 14 to 1 Loyalty, Donation, and Right Honorable, 16 to 1 Bueualf, Newman, and Glendennon, 20 to X Pilot Boy, 25 to ] Nightingale, Honor Bright, and Ophir, SS to 4 Miletos. The machine flew up to an excellent start, and when they settled down, Pilot Boy, pulling Delaney out of the saddle* shot to tbe front, evidently bent on foroing matters. As they passed the Stand Pilot Boy was ten lengths eleat ot Ophir, who headed the field, followed bv Miletos, Loyalty, and Florrie, Tho Tries and Nightingale bringing up the rear. Approaching the' mile post; Pilot Boy in cieatedhU .ie&d; to thirty lengths, .And. .The Trier moved up into third position, Ophir still lying second. ''Then came Loyalty, Blarneystone, Glendennon, and Tridentate in that order, Nightingale and Honor Bright whipping in the ruck. Ooming to the Bheds Pilot Boy's big lead was gradual, y being decreased by The Trier, Blarneystone, and Loyalty, Ophir, Glendennon, Florrie, and Newman heading the' field, Jtfear in£ the bend Blarneystone, who was being ridden hard got within a length of Pilot Boy, who waB already in trouble. Passing the distance Blarneystone got to the head of affairs, and instantly had Pilot Boy and The Trier beaten. Opposite the Grand Stand, however, Martin Gallagher brought Florrie with a fine run, but though the Maorilond mare responded in the gamest possible manner to her rider's calls, she was unable to reach Marvel's liandsome brother, who won by a clear length amid intense ex citement, The Trier was four lengths away third, then in close order came Donation, Glendennon, Pilot Boy, and Ophir, with Ruenalf last. Time, 3min 32sec. (Winner trained by 6. Ward, liandwick.) PLACED HORSES IN TATTERSALL'S OUP.— Two miles. 3 First. Second, Third, Time. tH I8G6 Bnlginbar .. tf'tb Aust'j] Premier 3.391 1S63 Sir John Karoola * A vuiumjb:.' 3 . d] I ]870 A1 ..rilclSurl I'hiube 3.43 1371 Uuko Sir John A1 3.44 3-10 1873 Joli'nyamolcer.Fancy.. 'J'lja Quack 3.4U 1873 Tiio Prophet.. The Abbott Bridesmaid 3.40 2-10 1874 Orary J.iie .. Sparrowli'k Brcyskin S.3D& 1878 The ArrOfU .. Ulalr Atdiol Lord 1-voD 3.39 IS7C Viva .. .. Duke Wrangler 3.37, 1877 Viva .. .. Malta Melbourne 3.37J 1878 joiBtouo .. l.aerlQB Coliuta 3.40 1H78 utirtyood .. Mcllxmrno Ooluntk 3.34 2-10 1880 Drum Major.. 11 abel Ojjiliuu 3.S4 8-19 1881 Woelstoiin ..Stratlienrn Black Stvnu 3.37 2-ly 188: LordOrvillo .. Jlceilihnts Valetta 3.33 4-10 188i Vlornetli ., Sardonyx Salinoral 3.883 1894 Ooiiolanus ..Sardonyx Frltim ll'nn 3.321 188;- Torn Uroirn .. Minerva Merlin 3. ::::J lil.i Tempo ..Den Bolt Frieudsliip 3.37 l3hi Towjirowil'.. llr'n tfc Bose High. Mary 3.521 1888 Acme .. iloyuinnt- TlieQaaea 3.344 1883 Bllordnle .. D.llak Lanoor 3. 88 1890 Sir William .. Lava Maynua 3.S02 1891 Muriel - .. Veapa.ta Lancer 3.81A 1892 St, Albans II. Vaspasia Forty Wlra 3,344 1893 Jliatbam .. Realm Oxide 3.38 1894 Nightingale., LndyTr'ton llnlicc 8.30 189t ularnoystoue Florrie The Trier 3 . 82 THE STEEPLECHASE. A handicap of 150 eovs ; second liorsg 28 sovs from the prise. Over such course end jumps as the committee shall direct. About two and a half |nile3. S It Kennedy's ch g £neakter, by Tho Star — Cossack mare, aged, lost 71to ? (Uheece) 1 E Key's ch g Becklcss, by Creswick — Blue Bonuet, aged, 9st 111b (Underwood) 2 Churchill's ch g Mark T.waiu, by Mark Tapley — Queen of Spades, aged, 'Jst Sib ? (Nolan) 3 Other starters : Alarm Bell (Keighran), The Joker (1'hiMips), Haven (Archer), Inker man (Wholly), The Ace (Grimes), Tatta (Death). ? Betting : 4 to 1 v Sneaker aud Beck less, 6 to 1 The Joker, 7 to 1 Alamo Bell .and Mark Twain, 10 to 1 the others. The Ace led over the flrat fence, where Inkermau ran oS and Tatta fell. At the first of the treble The Joker got to the front and led over, followed by The Aoe, Beckless, and Mark Twain, Sneaker lying last. The Joker led Tbe Ace two lengths over the fence opposite Oxenham's, their nearest attendants being Mark Twain and Beckleas, Sneaker atlll lying away from his field. The Ace fell back beaten before the treble was reached the second time, and Baven was also hopelessly beaten. The Joker led over the treble six lengths in front of Beckleae, Sneaker closing up. When Oxenham's was reached tbe second time, there were only four in It. The Joker led Reckless two lengths over the sod wall, Mark Twain and Sneakor close up. The Joker fell at the shoda, and left Sneaker with a clear field, and he won by 10 lengths from Beckless, Mark Twain 10 lengths away third, Alarm Bell was 20 lengths away fonrth. Time 5min 50. j sec. (Winner trained by S E Kennedy, Kensington.) THE NUESEHY HANDICAP Of 100 eovs ; second home 10 sovs from the prise. For two-year-olds. Five and a half furlongs. H O White'e ch c Form, by Cranbrook— La Mode, 8st 51b ... ... Gardiner 1 W R Hall's b c Beau-Scant, by Trident— Cnmlno, 7st Sib ? Schaafe 2 Long and Hill's ch f Cry, by Splendor — Banksla, Sat ,31b ? B Gough 3 Other Btarlers : Loch Bna (Shipton), Waterfall (W Delaney), Trne Bine (A Delaney), Happiness (Jno Gough), MIbb Nora (Cleal), Loch Leven (Kennedy), Creme d'Or (bnckman). ' Betting : 4 to 1 v Form and Creme d'Or, 5 to 1 Trne Bine, 7 to 1 Waterfall and Dry, 10 to 1 Loch Ena and others. Form, Coolalta, and Dry were lirat .to move, and the trio led in line to the Eve fur longs, where Cobbifty's brother (Coolalta) got his head iit front and led Dry, Form, Trne Bine, and Bean Seant. Form made a good run and displaced the leader at the distance and came on, hotly pressed by Dry. At the end of the Grand Bland True Blue made his effort, but his legs going from under him be fell, giving Delaney a heavy fall. Mean while Form, responding to challenges on right and left, fonght it out with greatgsme ncss, and won by a length from lieau-Keant, who was but a head in front of the consistent Ury. Coolalta was close up fourth, and then came Waterfall and Loch Ena, with Creme d'Or a bad last. Time, lmin 11 jsee. (Winner trained by J.JAllsopp, Kandwick.) THE WELTEli HANDICAP, A handicap of 100 eovs. - Second horse 10 sovs from tho prise. LoweBt Weight 7st 71 b. One mile. H C White's ch m Tiwoona, 4yre, by Splendor— Sogvenir, Set (H Gardner) l P O'l-oughlin'r ch e lolantbus, 3yrs, by Abcrcorn — lolanthe, 8st 61b (Parker) 2 T Brown's b or br h Burton, 4yre, by Trenton — Ringdove, lOst . 3ib (Jas Gough) 3 Other starters : Volney (W Kelso), Comet (J Delaney), Ethelberl (John Goueh), Silver Spray (J McTavish), Violet (Ner ricker)) Wyvern (Albury), Bir Oliver (R Ellis), Bethel (J Smith), Baroona (G. Durston), Dan O'Connor (M. Harrig) Barnaby Budge (Conlon), Checkmate (M Gallagher), Peeress (J. Tierney), Hindoo f P. Harris). Betting : 3 to 1 lolantbus, 9 to 2 Tiwoona 6 to 1 Volney, 10 to 1 bar 3 offered. ' Wyvern and Peeress were first to show out from a good start, but the former was steadied and Volney, PeereBS, and Barnaby Budge led past the seven furlongs, attended by Cornet and Tiwoona. At the sheds Peeress had assumed a lead of half a length from Tiwoona Then came Ethel bert, Volney. and Baroona! At the bend Peeress and Tiwoona wore to gether, clear of the field, with lolantbus gradually working into a prominent position Tiwoona shot out at the distance and notl withstanding lolantbus' desperate efforts to get on terms won easily by four lengths Burton a similar distance away, third. Then came Dan O'Connor, Baroona, and Volney with Violet a bar laet. Time lm 42Js. (Winner trained by J. Allsopp, Randwiek.) (for Ktmi niton EnlrUt tee Page 3.) . A married woman named Mhry Hillyor, 28 years of age, residing at 88 Albion- street, fell down st&irs; at her residence yeeterday, and received injuries to her back. She was attended to by Dr. M. Veech, and afterwards discharged. A eervant girl, named Maggie Dnggan, 21 years of age, fell from )he cable-tram last night and received injuries whieh necessitated her removal to the Sydney Hospital, where she was found to Lb suffering from a severe eoalp wound four inches in length. Dr. M, Veeeh attended to her injuries and sent her homit 