H.&.C.B.S. ARRIYERS^Y CELEBRATION AT MITCHAty. The Mitcham Hibernians (St. John's Branch) celebrated their ninth anniversary by a concert and ball, which were held in the Mitcham Hall on Wednesday evening, September 4th. Mr J. Muldowney, the courteous secretary, with the energy and talent for organisation characteristic of him, provided an excellent and varied programme for the occasion. Comic songs and amusing comic sketches predominated, however, and as a natural consequence the audience was kept in excellent humor from the start. Mr Carter's drolleries, Mr Swift's funny business, and Messrs Grrisson, Shead and Cleary's comicalities were productive of considerable merriment amongst the assemblage and to all appearances those present had a very enjoyable time. The following was the programme for the concert: Overture, piano and violin, Messrs Rawlings and Rose; duet in character, "Job Lots," Messrs Carter and Swift, for which they were recalled; song, " Anchored," Mr Shead; song (comic), " Keep your eye on him," Mr Grisson and as an encore, " Oodle, oodley-oo song, "Home, dearest home," Miss Fairy; song (comic), " Trinity Church," Mr Carter. His re- appearance being twice insisted upon he gave " M'Ginty " and " A Jew saying good-bye to his son"; song, " Au revoir, but not goodbye," Miss Eva Hill, and as an encore she repeated the last verse; song, " Out on the deep," Mr Cleary; a specialty, " Facts and Signs," by Mr Swift was encored ; song, « Maid of Athens," Mr J. Jennings ; song (comic), " Man's not required," Mr Grisson; song, "Asthore," Miss Fairy; song, " 'E dunno where 'e are," and as an encore, " Sentimental songs," Mr Carter; song, " Queen of the Earth," Mr T. Jennings; song, "Old Madrid," Miss Eva Hill; sketch, "The Suburban Ghost," Messrs Carter and Swift; song (comic), " The night Moloney landed in New York," Mr Cleary ; song, " When other Lips," Mr J. Jennings. Song (comic), It's my one," and as an encore, " The fellow that played the drum," Mr Rose. The ball, which was attended by about 40 couples, was most enjoyable. The music was all that could be desired for dancing; the M.C., Mr H. Pratt, discharged his somewhat onerous duties in a manner that gave general satisfaction. The catering, in the hands of Mr Haysom, left no ground of complaint either as to quantity or quality. On the whole the management are to be complimented on bringing their anniversary to what was, undoubtedly, a successful termination. T Hiatlr K i, n "a 1 estate are reminded Thn.^1 ij S^cetnam and Co., will on yar^Yuvd^ h f ° r at the 0Unda ^ S i „ dd^ that compact property fowwnas Read's farm, GrtJyere. This is one of the finest properties in to the Victoria and SbSSLT"^ property, which is subdivided and partly cfear«i, will be A ^ f° ne or lot * <m «W terms! \rt. fQUr " rooin^d dwelling house aid outbuildings are also on fte land! p35 particulars are advertised. 