.c tors Y i cr. PI'I.ripI KvrliY· . CrrilAV AND ]F"uir\r. TUESIl\AY, JULY :'3, Is5. Ir soinc ,f those whio have spoken, S-and with more or Is.s of authority -in lhior-i:ian of lato are to ie he lieved, thicre is in the district a laige iuantity if diseased stock which from time top time is t r.anilatecl into unwhole some. oneat. It is impossible to dis regard the secriuus, not to say senis tional allegatiols that have been lmalde by Councillor IWVLLI.lsa of tih Slorshali l, irougl, and Councillor I'oli:V of the \VWilniier.i. Shir.e. TheI tir.t named gentleman occupies a plro ininent position in the lieat traile, whlilst tile latter is ia liling farmer anil grazier in the district. I.th are agreed that the. district is infested will diseased ltock, amn that it a co, sequence imluchl of the meat solt, in both ttwn and country, is so unwihole seine 1s to lIe positively unfit forlhuiman consumption. Neither the borough nor the shire ctouncillor itinces hlii words, whilst indeed the nloe appiears to vi withl tile other ill the eillphasis of Iris staitemlent of Iwh;t both cvi dently regard as a very had case. It is sincerely to be hIopied that lhe catse has been over stated, and thatlin their laudable desire to clear the district. which once had in enviable reputationi amongst pastoralists and graziers, from stock disease, both Cou1ncillor WIL LIS s and Councillor BoI)EY Il;ve exaggeratel wlhat facts tlhere .re auil have, witl the best of intentions, ier mitted themselves to indulge in some effective sensationalism. Tie state iments Ihaving been miade an, having practically been endoirsed by the twoi councils tile real facts of the case imust be elicited. The position as it stands is an an impossible one. Either what las been allegel is true, in whichl case steps slould imtedittely be taken to deal radically witl wlhat is a most serious state of afltirs; or tlhere has been exaggeration, in which event tlhe coimparative falsity of tile damag'nug allegations should witlout a imomlent's delay be demonstrated. Ihi the ono hand tile ilemioralisation of thle district pastures mu't, if it is actually going oln, le at ollire put a stop to; on the other, if tlhe statements initde are untrue or even grossly exaggerated, what amounts to a cruel libel should immediately be expose:l a such. OF the importance, inay the absolu te necessity to tile health of tihe pelople, of keeping the meat supply of tlle country wholesone it is unnecessary to speak. One needs no medical or special knowledge to appreciate the fact tlat there is no 'more potent caiuo of disease in lindividuals or physical deterioration in a communuity that tle consumtption of diseased flesh food. The day would appear to be that of shlonly. 'Uit, however lax the authorities may be in other directions, shoddy meat cannot be permitted to be disposed of for a day after the fact that it is offered for sale, in this or any other part of the colony, has been ascertained. Theie is, too, another point of .iew from which the matter has to be regarded, that of the district pastoralist and grazier. The assertion is that the once healthy Witinuera pastures have been infected fronm the Western and other districts, and that, as a matter of necessity, the infected area is becoming larger ani larger every 'day. It is due to those farmers whose flocks and herds are still free from disease that the cause of infection if it is present in the district should be at once removed, and it is to tile interest of all pastoralists and graziers-in that even of those who would in the first instance perhaps suffer severely -that whatever disease there is in the district should b? ruthlessly stamped out. Whether the proposal made by the borough and endorsed by the shire councils for the appointment of a district slaughter yards inspector is practicable we very much doubt. That there should be a more ellicient supervision of the meat supply, both in the metropolis and the provinces, is becoming apparentu, bIut whenl this matter is dealt with it will be as a whole. What is imlnedliately neces sary is that the allegations of the presence of infectious disease in dis trict flocks and herds and the untwhole solmeness of the district meat supply shall be investigated, and either their truth ascertained or their false ness ile-tmouetrated. It is in cumlbenlt uponl the Departmllent of Agriculture, under the notice of which the seasational statements have been olticially brought, to direct and assume the full responsibi lity of the necessary enquiry. That the enquiry should ble l?ade is de nmaded by the interests of the entire colony. Unwholelsonle meat from the Wimnera may be now on sale at lDal larat, Melbourne or lendigo, and dis ease infected stock from district lands may Ie rubbing shouhlers with healthy herds and flocks and infecting the pas tures of all the districts of Victoria. In a matter like this no centre or dis trict stands alone. What effects one toi'n or one parish must ultimately be of concern to the entire colony. It is imperative that the Department of Agriculture shall at once order an ex haustive expert enquiry into the alle gations of Councillors WILtLIAtS all d lBoev--which have really become the allegations of the Borough and Shire Councils. Shouit this result in demonstrating that the reflection. ulpon the wholesosleneiss of ollr nleat supply and the healthfulness of our flocks and hertds a.re, in large measure at least, uncalled for, an invaluable servicewill have been rendered to the district. If, on the other hand, it should hear iout the assertions ltadle the moist drastic remedies found neces sary must withlout demur Ie adopted. CoNslDEInlt: .i inlconvenlience anul ?loss are occasioned to newspaper proprietors by the practice followed by the postal authorities of forwarding all unclaimedl papers to the Dead Letter Onlice. P'aplers thus disposed of do not find their way back t the ofllices from which they have been despatched for several weeks, and sometlines not at all. The result is that proprietors continue to scud papers to Iersons who have left the district, andl lpossibly the colony, yandi are put to considerable loos thereby. The practice, too, entails u1(n1 the postal olticials what appears to he a quite unnecessary expenditure of time and labor. The source of papers coming from a newspaper otlice is always recognishable, and surely it would be easier to return to that source such laperlS as are unclaitmed at the addresses to which they are directed than to subject them to tihe cireuinlocutionary processes of the D)eadl Letter )llice. The direct I eturn to the senders of unclaimed rews papers would, whilst saving time and labor at the post otlice, incidentally assist newspaper prIoprietors to collect accounts from negligcnt sul:scribers, andl guard against the nmaking of ball debts. The return of the palper woull notify the proprietor, in good tiime, that his cratwhile subscrihe had either left fo,, fresh liltds iand pastures lane w:, had aulopted :nit unceremonious method of stopping his paper. In either case the proprietor would be enabled to avoid the ioss, in paper and postage, involved in the sending of issue after issue to subscribers, dead ill one sense or another, whilst the timely notice of non-delivery would iin many a case enable him to trace and recover from a truant subscriber. The mllatter having been brought under thenoticeof the Postal Department by the proe. prietor of the 7'Timcs, through Mr. Ili.AKE, M.P., the Deputy Postmaster Gnmeral a tirst irst undertook to coniider the proposal of instituting the reform suggested, but later on replied that "the suggestion: could not be carried out as such a course would be con trary to postal law." The postal law is not like that of the Medes and Persians, unchangeable, and we would strongly urge,in the interests alike of the dlepartnent anld newspaper proprietors, that it he so varied as to obviate the necessity of unnecessarily delaying the return of unelnhimel papers. Thei newspaper proprietors, of the colony are large customers of the department, and are entitled to the small, and yet to them valuable concession for which in their niile we ask. The Railway Enquiry Board will, as in. linmited in a letter in atnother column, visit IHoraun anal take evidence to-day. Towns. mien and others desirnus ofi giving evidence before the lonard are invitedl to forward their names to the town del k, who will arrange for them n to Ie heard. Should they desire to sit these the Mayor will place the Town iall at the disposal of the board. The adjourned monthly meeting of the 1Wimanera Shire Council was helm on rues lay. It was decided to cooperate in tile agitation, instituted) by the Horshamn IBorough Council, for the appointment of an inspector of district slaughter yaBrds and butchers'shopn, and with the movementt to secure such an extension of thi pier at Port. land as woull imake it capable of accoumnodating ships of 'deep draught. Tihe council agreed that all future ex penditure upon the eradication of stinkwort should he a charge upon the entire shire,and that opposition should be offered to the pro posal to sever portions of the territories of the north and north east ridings cand annex them to the Shire of IBorung. It is recognis ed that the northern extremity of the north riding bIelongsn turally to tIornng, and its annexation to that shire will hbe facilitated. A special donation of £10, out of the funds of the North Riding, was, made to the Varracknabeal Htospital. A strong dis position on the part of several cemncillors to increase the payrr.ent on account of water rate from 4d, as proposed, to 6d in the £, was shown, but ultimately delertuiuslion on the question was deferred tn the Auguat meeting. IV are pleased to learn that Mr. Brake, .P.'., still continues to improve in health. It has been reported that some brainless person is making it a practice of walking about the more sequestered parts of the town at night attired in the orthodox habil ments of a ghost. T'e cowardly and sense. less joke has already frightened several women and children whose mnnkindl are on the look out for the offender. The modern ghost is not remarkably for its pluck or staying powers and the intimsation that a particolarly goodl rod is in pickle for "it" mil, it may he hoped, have the effect of drlving into seclusion the spirit that has paild hiorshamn the questioaubhle honor of avisit. The mee.ting of the Wimmers Shire Cottr. cil onFtiday being the I ast before the annual elections the customary valedictory speeches cere made. The retiring councillors, Jlesar.. Gross, McLennan, Knight and the resident (%Mr. Sudholz) each in turn imt. proved the occasion. Tile ball was opened .y Cr. Gts?, who thanked his brother cuncillmta for the kindness that had invari ably been extended to him sinc e he had eien a nemILer of the counncil. Ile had injoyed his tnembetellip of the council a1nd iltended to give the ralep-yers an uppor tunity of rejecting or re-eljetiug him. The ullncil was ait exceedingly happy family, nld he hoped that when they met after the clections he would see all the ohl faces run1l the table. (Chtere.) The 'reiident nsi referred to the pleasurable character of his term of onllic. Councillors had w1 hkel together wonderfully, aind lwhatl differences o opinion thee had been had arisenI o1n ques i~onal of princip!e. Itwas his intentioin to offer linelf for re-election. lie had consulted .everal of his constituents who apparently lesired that hIe should contilne to represent tihem,. iHe hoped that, whether he was again returned or Inot, the shire would con inllle to pIrogess satisfactorily. The council was in a letter financial position than it had been in for a long time past anll,in f?ct, in a better financial position than nmost. municipal ciuncils in the colony,. lie otustedl that it wouldl long continue to cclupy that position. Cr. McLennan joined in the presidenti's felicitations upon the financial position of the shire, which had been brought about by the exertions of the councillors antI their flicrs. All hbd wiorlked well to bring ablut the exCellent state of things that existed, and a1 seat at the table tof the W\inunIas Shire Council was a position of whlich anyone might be pruld. lie desired to thank the otticers of the eolncil for the valuanlle assistance they had itenlered him, an0d naso to express hil obligationel to the district press. The priss had always treated cunncillorts courtecously and impa.rtially, meting out fair treatment to all councillors alike. (Cheers.) One at least of the Hlorsham papers ranked amllngst the Icladilg journals of the colony. Cr. Kniglht's contribution to the deblato was as unwelcome to his colleagues as it will, we arC sure, be to the ratcipaycs of his riling. lie floun,he s tid,that htri Iluinesl would nltl permit of his givilg to municipal work that ialllltut of time and attention which he hll hithcrto given to it, and whichl he frlt it should ha:ve. "ie hadi, therefore, decilded thanked iothl councillors and tie otlicers for tlha invariaille kindness and courtesy thy had extended to him. The l'resildnt evidently expre?srd the feeling of hlle coun cil olilt hlie besought Cr. Knlight to recon .idor his expressed determination of retire. ment. To the ]'resident'. appeal Cr. Kiiglit llilde no reisplone. A teinuet bty the editor of the Sun, t Melhnurne "iciely linper, that the photo. graphs of ithe "worslipful tie w:ayor and the luly mayores of \\\'ininera" hlol.l, wiaih their ant-grliphi, he forwardled to him and permittel tI, giace the gallery whith natealy includets c?,ehl Australi;n notabilities ea the ldits l lnopetoun, (llangow, Kintore and ( uraiiilnstolm , was met w hth al iiani ilous and emphatic allirmantive whenlicit read t the W\\\'itoera Shite councilltrs on iriday. The Pre.ilvent, who in the highest dliguiaily in the shire, was beeomingly modest and desired that the miatter should stand over until next meeting-by which time a new president would have :eent elected. Of this tith council would not liear, conicilloir loilly cheeritig Cr. Stan ley's ldclaraliin that tle hire was for. Liulte in tlhat it wouli lie represented in the gallery bty so lhandsoiie cotltile is lre1ilenti ndet, M rs . iudolz. The lpesident ,cle?hngly Iarwed to the unticnil ti; i nitsh o hi- conllo.agues and undertook that he would, iob .ying thre at iretion if the n atil, for riceimly tell it HIerslihii. Mr. Catroll, weltn) is netitig a: accrrtmry in to he iteoretilctl, hIrd his photnd raph and that I I of Mr.l roni ir tliz. e accoiniltio loii if eleger. T'hI: preiident. Cr. Rogeri aniu thie he iretary are to represent ill i it neilae Shire at the M11unieipd Conference Io meet intelbourc e at thile tiome t the Nationale ahow. The conflerdence lhas been covelined by the i onference i of district municipalities reecetilly heldl ati iorsham. Mr. Carroll, hT lieen adlvised that the IMayI r eof \el merirn e wils el on l etriell. Tipr onlyg roomn for the accomodation of delegate?-. The president of the shire will be its repre ieplncatieon trhe tltationf Jtoln Minister Miltrnes, elto wiSlieC litin toiu'n tiitbtitnt. Sfoater suply from thl e conference of tlet Soitl inclugded il. Thepl Western Wlinne rat frrigation and Water.Supply Trust. The l, nnal levisio a Couh t for tere Wrti mera Shire was held on iFriday. The only McInnes, who wished hsl, namt sutitrt, . d for that of Malrnt itlcn regret oi the ititmell oilt nit tiffrlion itt the mlneys.id outl. iding, roll. Theeppliittioa was grant, ed, and the rolls thus amended were certi. lied to as correclit. Accounts are awaiting paymenti t tihe eorslhalm StubTrasur y for tlorung iShire Council, J. 11. Ellmondl, I .lMoore, (. Paine, S. \ilks, C. Webb, G. ). Manrd.lch Turner & Farrell, C. Jenkins, L. IJefery, Ieopttoun tle:hanic' Institute. MR. clPhee, E. IRunhlrook, F. IVildstein. It will be learnt with regret thlat the Mlayor, M1r. W. F. Osborn.J.P. is seriously unwell. with an affection of the kidneys. Dir. Young, who is attending him, dtoeslnot, unfortunately,Ihold out hopes (if a speedli re colvery lfr his patient. There is now on view at Mr. Rennison,'s jeweller's shop ait very handsome silver plated clp, presented by oIr. James Millar as a trophy to he comllpeted for In six fatches, three to Ie fired at either town, between tile 1 1orsha1n1 andflurtoa Rifle clnst. nTe disposition of the trophy will Ae determined Sboty tie aggregatle of ter ive higlest scores obtained by the successful club. Mr. lrilar has also priz sent pria hnotnd somne tilverplated preserve dish for* comn petition between menmberis of the .Horsham Rifle Club. At a meeting of tile commnittee ef the Ag ricultural Society onl·Friday thile secretary aancnunced that. the donations to date amounted to £20, rigainst £40 received last year. 'The re\vised' prize-lirt presented by the 3ob-comnmittee was adopted, the total amount of prize money provided for being £244 1l;s 64, for a one day's hlowt , against £360 11s for two dtays last year. It was de. cided to add a weight guessing competition in cotnnection witl tihe fit cattle on exhi tion, for which a prize of two guinean will be given. Arrangements are to be made for the running of special trains on the dtay of the show. It is ruinored talt Mr. Walter Laidlaw intends to be a candidate for the South Riding of the Arapiles Shire Council, but so far no authentic annotuncement has been made. At a meeting of the Horsham itaind of Hope held in the Temperance Ill1, on Fri day evening, Mrs. McCalman presiding, notwithstandting thi counter attraction at the exhibition there was a goodly niunler of members ani visitors present. The secretary rrported a credit balance of 17s Gd as the result of tie recent entertainment. A vote of thanks wanas passed to the Ieevp. Jones and Yeo for their aEiistance in con nection witl the service of song. After the tuual routine liuniness had l een transacted, the rermaindex of the evening was spent in a catechisnm examination. Four lnew ilem-t bers signed the pledge. The Solicitor.Gencral lias refused to appoint a policet magistrate to IIHnmilton, but has intimated that Mr. .McCormick, P'.M., wtrill be relieved of tImt journey to tIdeniope, which place is not served by him. Edenhope is to be attached to time already large district for which Mr. Rowan, P.M., is responsible. A sad fatal accident happened on Tues day to a well-known farmer named Mr. Thomas Ellis, of Kewell East. It appears the deceased had ridden into Murtoa to transact some business, and on the return journey after travelling about four miles by some means or other was thrown to the ground on his head and completely stunned. It is presumed that in failling one of his feet became entangled in the stirrup and he was dragged for a considerable distance.Mrs Peu cker,a neighbor's wife,found him in an un concious condition,and conveyed the sad intelli gence to Mrs. Ellis and the other inembers of the family. He was then conveyed home, and slightly regained conscious ness , but it was evildent that his injuries wore of a serious nature, and Dr Rabl was sent for. The doctor, after examining the sufferer, found he had a dangerous wound on the crown of his head, and had little hopes of his patient's recovery. Mr. Ellis seemed to improve on Friday, but after suffering great pain died at eight o'clock on Sunday morning. The deceased, who was much liked owing to his cheerful disposition and straightforward manner, leaves a wife and twelve children,being at tihe time of his death about sixty years of age. Mr. Ellis lived for a number of years at Mount Gam bier,but came to the Wimmera about twenty years ago and took up land near Dooen. After residing there a few years he sold out and purchased some land at Kewell East, on which he resided until the time of his death. Much sympathy is felt for Mrs. Ellis and family in their sad bereavement. The funeral, which took place on Tues. day, says the Obserrer, was a very large one, there being over 20 buggies and about 50 horsemen following the hearse to the Murtoa cemetery, where his remains were interred. 'IThe slealer Anglian, whichl arrived at Auckland N. Z. from Sydney on Tlirelday, hail trying experience on the passage. A telrifi: gale was met with on Wednesday onornnin, accompanied by trelme?nlouS cross scas, which broke on hbord, smishlingthe skylights and the aft wheel, bending the stram-pipes and loing considerable danmage to the state cabin and saloons, which were also flooded to a depth of 2ft. The crew were Aworking on leck up to the waist in water. There were 14 horses on board, and nine of theni were so badly injured that they had to be thrown overhoard. The sea got through the hatches and dninaged the cargo. At one time the situation was one of great peril. Mr. Ci aven, P.M., is holding ani inquiry into tle poisoning cases at Bowen Downs. Many of tiae men are still in a bad state, alihough mIost of themn are out of danger. There is still great excitement among the men. No particular person is suspected of having put poison into the food. All the Ceaen are confined to the shlearers' iies, noneof the rousleiouts being affected. Thee, are now only 28 shearers at work out of 72. Ar\enic was fotund in the floar anid in the sag. pudding. Our food products shipplers Ih ve yet a lot to lelat in their felirts to secure a sound place oii the English food nmlirkets, judging by a report just received by the Secretary of Agriculture from one of the departmental agents. For instance, with reg.ard to recent veal shipments, lie paints out that the flrsh was very dark in color and of very uninviting appearance generally, while the calves were too old and were not in good condition when killed. A shipment of onions arrived in good condition, but they were not seasonalle, as the English spling onions were plentiful. Poultry con tinacs torealise good prices, and most of it ia excellently pa:ked ; but sonie of it is out of se eon. Chickens ran as high as 4-, but (says the Melbourne correspoindent of tie Ucelonni .lAdccrtiter) there was very little demand for ducklings. Itis not alwayS goEal policy to encourage a child in works of benevolence. For ex. ample, grandfather was working in tie garden lately, and his little four-year-old grandson tonk hii outt a itrg of milk. It was separated milk, but quite sweet this weather, s- grandfatlier drank it, and told the little fellow how kinld nd thoughtfl lie was to lling hlim the milk, whereupon the boy, of course, ran ,lfr and broight a second mug. Grandfather drank that more to please the chiild tlhan ecauase ih wantel it, aud its the boy cleaIed off fur a thild he thouillt lie woueil follow just to see where all tihe iilk wa coming front. Ur.aud father's feclings (says " Woomeri ") can lie imiagined when lie saw his pet tilt tlhe mung at the pig trough. The Coroner has held an inquiest onl tile fire at the woolshed at the lMomb.i Ilead Station, anl the jury returned a verdict " that tie premises known as the Woolshed situated at Mulilba, in tlte colony of New South W\ales, were on tile ight of the 17th inst. feloniolyaly and wilfully eet on fire by soaic person or persons unknown " Farmers and all others intereated are in vited to natend at the Lougereiolng Agrictil tlural Colleee onl Tlrhrsilay next, when the winter scssion will close. Seome ilelmbers of the Council of Agricultural Elducation will be present. We have received a copy of tle Rail. ways Standing Coulittee's report (a s1u1. mary of wliich was published in our tele graphic columns on Friday) on the question of further exteniion of railways in tle inalle districts. Thie repart may be perused andl an accompanying maIp inspected at the 7Timies officc. The shipment of Victorian butter by the Il.M.S. Arcadia, which left Melbourne on 15thl June, is selling in London st the fol. lowine prices:--lest Victorian factori aver ages 95s per cwt.; second best, from" 90s to 92s per cwt. For lastracing year the V.R.C. made a profit of £7950. A «eizure has been made of a number of olbscene pictures imported to Melbourne in a German ateslinr. The Tasmnanian Government railways showe a profit of £22,000 for tie aix monthls ended 3l0th June. Mr. A. A. George, late manager ait War. rackuabcal for the Braybrook Implemlent Co., Ins lift for South Africa. At -lung Jung last week Colonel Otter, of the Victorian Rangers, in a few hours bagged 52 brace of quail. H.H. I the )Duko of Connaught is to sic ceed tile Duke of Cinbiridge as Cominitiider in Chief of tile liitilsh army. Wliilst engaged in a friendly wresling match at Warragul last week Robert McDougall, a yountg man, fell and broke his leg. Marka Lindsay, tile second mate, and Edwalrd Glllaon, tile watchman, have heen coiinmitted for trial on a lcarge of wilfully setting fire to the ship Hilaria. The Salvation Army has withdrawn its olficcrs from Dinlboola, the support ac corded ntot warranting tile keeping Upen of the etationl. The introdiucion of a ne timle and tile electric light lhave mateially affected tie profits if the Metropolitan Gas Co, rendser ing further economies necessary. John Stewart Davidson, who was drivia, the milk cart by whlicl George Jenkins, ati elderly man, was kdocked down anld killed, has le.n acquitted of tlantslauigliter, tite jury linding that the occureoe was purely The iaagatlo ad tt in te 'alti,: O'Kennat, aoii o tole flie Iacgs of oats reotai fol iiero oprtiiei, naive been ttin uln .een let offwith a line of i1l, the ie. partten. a tiouli tlt liste lnt l of i Tl a t a log oe s tla de I llit ll o it t s e si Deaf atil ])tutn Asyhnn obtain accss to the lll' quariers,- au oiiffleret from ilitproprietie. luve been in. eatigateed by at enoini"illee Thrliehoo,nilter ftian fhat one bay dial ertahtly scale the fettee aund had obtained access Io the giltt' qnarter,, Astouadiog staiteinenti of hn. noratity ,Were itande lay mtte aWittnesaes, hitcli thu medical evidence declares to be nttrne. A -boat'a crew hasi been mnssg cred at Bismarck Archipehego, near Nrew Guinea. The boat left for the ahore fromn as trading schrouer for the purpose of bringing off some copra. The men had made a good many trips during lhe day, and on the final trip never dreamed of mis chief, but hardly had the lnst "boy" jumped ashore when tile crew were attacked antd desptteched with tomahawks. Captain Limschol,of the steamer Slerling, which grounded in Rilas Straits, has been punished by a tlin' of £5 and the suspension of his certificate for one month. A lad nametl Birch, 14 years of atge, was an frightened at Coburg on Monday evening by seeing an apparition in white near tile Pentridge gaol, thatt on reaching his home he was seiz?t with a fit and remained un conscious for six hours, and although he re covered he is still in a avery nervous condi. tion. This slould inform local " gholts " as to the serious consequlences that msay spring from snuch folly. A party of ten men working the Mack's Lucky mtine, Rokewood, have within the past few months divided a sum of £10,000 among thlem after payment of all expenses. Itecently a patch of stone from which 121b of quartz yieltled 7t1 weight of gold, was struck. A little girl altbut seven years oil, the daught:r of lMr. Charles Field, a selector residing about six mtiles from Gundagai, N.S.\W., strayed from her homon Tu 'l'esday last, and was found dtt a 1 oIn Saturdlay. The body w:as quite warmn and life could not have been extinct over hali anl hour. She was only saout five emiles fromt home. A Itlg nusmbler of tmen h11,1 been searching the usht during the past three days, int on Friday afternoon is black tracker found her tracks, whics he fol lowed to within a short distance of where the bholy wsas fosml face ldoww'tsarls. Frightfully coll weather prevaile I duting the wteek, anl it is a mystery how she lived so long. Two boys named Joseph Barker and Wm. Watson, from the training ship Sobraon, on Tuesday, in Sydney Harbor, took possession of one of the traiining ship Iaunches which was lying alongside under a full head of steam. The runaways headed the little craft straight up the Parramaatta River, and were pursuedby two police launches. The boys then took to the hills, and after a two hours' land chase were receptured. 