SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes of the New Fork Police. CHAPTER I. THE SHADOW OF A CRIME. The city of Washington was shaken to its foundation by tbe announcement ot three starting events which had happened almost simultaneously. The three announcements were totally different in character, seeming, to the stranger wno chanced to read the paper that morning, to bear no relation whatever to each otner. Perhaps they did not; mayhap it was only the coincidence of affaire, winch sent sucn a tremor along the thoroughfares of that cosmopolitan city; and yet mere were those wno knew better, and who saw in them something more than coincidences. The three events were a murder, a suicide, ] and a wedding. These startling incidents occurred widely different parts of the city, though all I were in that portion of it which is known as | the north-west. The first and moBt startling of all was the murder. The news fell like a thunder-bolt upon society, when through the columns oi the morning papers it read that Brayton Russell, one of its chiefeBt pets, had been, at forty-live minutes past ten tne preceding evening, found ..ead, with the ]swelled hii. of a stiletto gleaming against the bosom oi I his ehirt, now stained crimson with nis life ] blood. Investigation showed that the blade had pierced the young man's heart, and chat he had died instantly—almost without pain other than the first agony of the shock. Tne body was found in the parlor of the suite which Mr .Russell had occupied for two years, and more than the ordinary amount of mystery Burrounded the unnappy evenc. There was no evidence whatever of i struggle. Russell was found in the same chair where he was sitting an hour before the disoovery, at wnioh time his valet had left him to execute a few commissions com manded by his master. It was the valet who made the discovery upon his return, bnt, fortunately for his own comfort, he was accompanied by a gentleman who had long borne very cordial and friendly relations with the victim of this sudden and awful tragedy. The police were instantly notified, and an investigation was at ouce begun. It ended, however, with out little more than has been already told, and the officers of the law became, with every move they made, more and more mystified. When the valet left his master, in order to execute the oommissious given him, the latter, folly arrayed in evening dress, was lying baok in his favorite chair, smoking a cigar whioh he had just lighted. It was half-past nine, or about that time, when the valet went out. It was forty-five minutes past ten when he returned and found Mr Kussell staboed through the heart, yet still reclining in almoat the same position in whioh the servant had last seen him. The cigar which he had been engaged in smoking was lying on the floor beside the chair. It had ceased to burn, but beneath it was a round spot as large as a silver-dime, [ where the fire bad singed the nap oi the heavy moquette carpet. There was an ash a quarter of an inch long on the end of the cigar, bat no ashes were scattered in the vicinity of the Bpot where it had fallen, showing that there had been none upon it when it fell from the nerveless fingers of the | murdered man. Beside him, on a little smoking-table, was a silver ash-receiver, and upon that was/one deposit only from the cigar which, lying upon the floor, presented such mute yet conclusive evidence of the suddenness and accuracy with which the death-dealing blow had been struck. This one deposit of ashes upon the receiver measured three-quarters ot an inch in length, was regular and un broken, showing that the smuker had been absorbed in the enjoyment of his cigar when death, unannounced, was ushered in. Experts gave it as their opinion that the man had been dead about an hour when the body was discovered, and thus it became evident that tne latai event must have taken place within a very few miuutes after the valet left his master to carry out the in structions he had received. The gentleman who returned with the valet was Manuel Navarro, a Castilian oi noble family, who was at the time enjoying Washington society in the capacity 01 speoial envoy of tne King of Spam to conclude some diplomatic negotiations oetween his country and the United. States. Although a Spaniard, he spoke Knglish with ail the fluency of a native, and amid the "spoiling" and the flattery that had been his portion during the few mouths of his residence in the national capital, a strong friendship had sprung to life between him and the young man who was so suddenly and foully muraered. There was a little gleam of sudden emotion in the Oastilian's eyes when they ieli upon the jeweled hilt ot the stiletto, but ne mad-, no re aura, eonoermng tne weapon until some | time afterward, wncn circumstances com pelled him to do so. But during the hrot I hours of investigating the horror, the hand-1 some faoe and flasmng eyes of Manuei Aavarro were often turned toward that I dainty but fatal weapon, and at sucn times | an inscrutable expression flitted like a tore boding shadow across his features. l'he valet was positive tuat his master I was alone in the apartment when he left him| and no one in the house had seen any [ unknown person arrive at or deparG from tne I building during the time he was absent, l'he few who nad been seen were constant | callers at different appartments in the build ing, or, like the murdered man, lived there, or without exception satisfactorily accounted for every moment of the time during which the crime must have taken piace. l'he valet was equally certain that he had never Been the stiletto before, and that it was not the property of Mr Russell, and had never been among his effects. The perpetrator of tne dastardly crime had come and gone, and left no clue Dehiud save death and tne jeweled weapon which might or might not be traced to its owner. Bike a spirit of evil the assassin had descended upon the hop.se, and departed with the noise less and untraceable tread of a ghost. Brayton Russell was dead—muraered, lor suicide was not to be thought of in the premises. For a long time he had reigned, a prince among his fellows. Handsome, dashing, rich, full of life and animation, and gemat to all alike, he had been petted and spoiled, made much of and denied, until his word had become the law of his set, oi which he was the recognised and unrivaled leader. A bachelor just past his thirtieth birthday, he had long been the intended prize of design ing mammas and the favorite gallant among the beautiful creatures who reigued as belles of Washington society. The news of his death, therefore, caused a shock impossible to describe. Tne manner of his death horrified everybody. The mystery surrounding it assumed more than the ordinary proportions when it was re membered tbat be had not an enemy in the world, and that no one could assign a possible motive for the terrible crime, and tnus BUggest a clue to the perpetrator. Then, with a shudder the reader of the morning paper glanced at the heading 01 another column on the Bame page, and omy to be brought face to face with a new horror, equally inexplicable, if less mytserious than the other. 