LOCAL AND GENERAL, Very liuavy rata foil at Ulveiitono oo Sunday (writes our corroepoa-Jant), but yesterday morning ths weather was oloar, with a alight froit, and there .was anew visible on tbe ranges near the town, so that probably heavy, eaow will have fallen in the interior. ; ' j Hfavy ralo fat in late on Saturday oven- log od oonlioeml willi Blight intermix- aloni until about 11 o'otook on eienday morning. As la weal during a dewnpour at Devonpert the etrat drains overflowed snd at tbe corner of Stowart etroot and the Riplanado tbo wator ruebod over the road, otnylog away a considerable portion of tho coating. A qu«utity of matter is unavoidably hold ovrr. Aboet the flnst privato rfsldonoe on the Coiit bat just b"on completed nt Went Devonport for Mr John Henry, M.H.A- The blinding is liluated at Ilhe corner of Best and Goon atreete, and befog two- Btorled, a .magnlfionnt panoramlo view le obtained from tbe bulooaios. It is bitlt of brlok, and contains eighteen roimst.t(n oa tho fint floor, and sight on tbe ssoonri. On tho first floor thero are a ball, lift. wide ruoning the length of the building, and drawing room, dining room, snuggery, and kitoben. and above several bedrooms, dron ing rooms, bath'oems, &o.; \- A foitqro of the dining and drawiog rooms fa thn wag- nifiosnt panelled coilings and elaborate centrrfiowern, which are indeed work of art. Tho balcony is very massive, and nil the windows open out to tbe belonoy.' Tbero are cathedral light doors, side ami fanlightv, and ' tho building la fitted thrODghent with all modorn conveniens such as oleclrfo bille, patent ranges, &o.; Tbe length 'of tho wheio building is 48 ft and ths widlb 45ft. At tho rear are briok atabloe, ooaob-beuse, oow-bouse, Ao, all having oemonted floors. The workmanship throughout is most complete, and a oradlt to all ooncornod. The brtckwork.wEU oar ritd out by Mr 0. J. Hillor, thowoodwrk by Messrs Fannoo and Comber, the paint ing by Mr T. H, Boalo, aud tbe plaeterwork by Mr G Hooglo. Mr Henry and family tack op their reeidonoo in their now home on Saturday. ' ' "The Mercnry" of Saturday oontalns tho \following regardiog the alleged smuggliug'at Devonport on Saturday week: —A rather sharp pieoo of work ii repor ed from Devonport in tbo way of deUoliog smaggling, tbo onlprits in wbijli will by. and-bye be brought before the Court to answer for their nrndeitdfl. It uppears that on tbe arrival of the s.s. Bolllugcr at that port a day -or two' etnoe one of the Laonctiton Caatomi offioiali, who wft' down thre on f urlougb, noticed one of the orew proooeding on iboro after bonn with a deiuij ihn of gin, of wbioh by such a oourse the local Customs offioera would bate no kaowttdgo. Tbe Customs visitor waa at onee on the lookout for wore vagaries of the same sort, and, having encretad hlraself on board tho vaKsel, he waa' rowardod by seelog a b»at come alongside, and one of the orew prooeod to pats over a oase of whisky to the man in it. Presenting his revolver at the man wilb tho whisky, tbo offisialj secured bis name and was saro of bis Identity, bat io the meantime tbe man in the boat had got away, though it la believed saffioient 2 waa Bsen'of him to nahU him to be eebeaqneutly inoluded in the inoidont. All the offenders, Including ths hotelkaaper who is implicated in the affair, will bo proceeded against oivilly for their share in it, and tbe Troaearor xpreeieB his intention of proning for the heaviest penalties tho law allows. Some substantial reward should certainly be given te tbe plucky fellow who acted bo stoutly in dofenoo of the revenue. It ii said that extra vigilanoa ia aow being taken by tbo Customs offioiala to "shadow " tbo intercolonial bosti wbtn lying at Devonport, in con-cqaonoe of the recent alleged stnoggling case. We are told that on Thanday night a strict watch was kept oo the a e Pukakl, an individual said to be connected wiih the Customs being several time ferreted oat of dark and damp oornero. It ib noedleei to add . that the watch was nnEUooesefsl. :' NA raoa was flown froin Perth on Satar? day uader tho auspioea of tbo UlverBtono Homing Society, when tbe v/inner turned up in Havoo, with Devon second. |The time waa fair, considering that tbe wea ther waa not f avorab'e for a quick pasoago. Tbe timekeeping was done by Meisrs Frith and ' < Qjautrlll. ; B6«lt t— Mr. J. Fegg'e Havoc (Ibr 52mtn 47 oc),-l ; Mr G . McGnire'a Devon (Ihr 59min 25ieo), 2 ; Mr G. MoGuiraV Malaio (2br Omin 19aeo), S..MeiBts' Colhooa- Brpe' Realm (2br« iOuiin 45jeo) w«s the only other bird hown. . Tho consolidated revenue returns for May aro to baud.. Tneysbow a total of £57,776 6e. ax compared with tho total of £62,098 llu V 7d far tbo" corresponding month of 1894; Similarly, tbo returns for the first five mouths of tho year i-bowau Iuoreaaeof £36,370 9i5d, ascent pared with theoorres- ponding peri. d. of last year, tho figured being 1894, £279,153.143 3d; 1895 £315 524 3i 81 , r, . ' It id stated that someone with aplontiful tack of sense ia piaotislng tbo ghost basi nets with a white shoot on the South road - near Ulveratoao, and that he has frightened several women and ohildren. Tbe oelprit had batter bo oarof el, fer some of the resi dents are on tbo lookout with a gin, loaded wilb small shot. - We ore mforinid that at a oommlttee meoting of the promoters of the Bailtou Fruit, Vegelablo, and Herb Preserving On,, R' was deoldel to try. and float tbe oempany, nod that (he movers ars now only wailing replies from some gontlemsn who are asked te become provisional dlrcotorB, to issue tho prospectus. It h reported that the preapeotors on PurlonVUod, at Gawler, have etraok a well defiued reef carrying gold. Yesterday our representative saw some of tbe stone at tbe Uiverateoe Medical Hall, and It carries gold freoiy, Mr Montgomery, Government Geologist is, we aro informed, to taapeet the find to-day. We remind members of the Dovonport Chamber of Gomnierco tb»t a meeting will be held at 4.o'olock this afternoon, at tbe usual plaoe, when tbe question of ei'ablidh- ing cool Etorago is again to be ooneidered. Wa are informed that a ball will-be held ia tbe Town Hall, Ulveistoue, at fc \yeek, Foreomu tlinv (-ovb " The Age ) ii n olderly mm named David J»ffrny, a rotirod grooer, who formerly oarrled on buidneai in Norlb Melbourne, hai lived at tbo Sir Waltor Scott Hotel in KHzibetb vtreet, Melbeurnt, During tho paut two menlbn ho baa frequently drunk to ouoes", And tbe other night when he sat down to dinner at ,tho betel he was very mnoh tho woree for Hquor and. in very ill humor- When ho rooolved a plato oenUloiog oorned boof, for whlth ho bud called, be w«e uaablo to out tho meat up, . Tho attondants offered to cut up hie dinner fer htm, but ha ruddy declined Basietunoo and taking up a pi»ce of meat from hie plate, about 2in i quire, ho attempted to bolt it. Tbo peace, however, waB so largo that he wps uaablo to ewallow It and it became fast-mid lu the top of the wlndf ipo. As Jvffary was manifestly chocking attempts woro made to roKeve him, lint the proved unBUOoesii- full, and, a cah boing obtained, ho w#fl liurriod off to tho Melbourao Iloipifal and pleoed ia the 'casualty room for treatment. Before a doctor could bo oallod, howover, ho dhd from suffocation. Bouio sporty and o toe and concert wilj be held to-day and this nvoolug, io uiil of tbo bniidiug feud of Kindred AngUoito Ohnroh. A lengthy sports programme will ba run through, ami, should tbo weathor provo favorable, no doubt adherent of tbe Anglican Church and othors will muster In forqo, and the aff ilr . will . result in a sob' stent!! snm being netted iowardn the ervo" ticn of tbo now cliurok balldlng, as oon. Iderablo local intereei e being taken iu it Mr G. Atkinson will hold ,biB .monthly, took sate at Shvffieid nn Tuesday mxt, and on the fePowing day he will hold bis monthly stock sale at his L&'aobo yards. Wo understand tbat fitr John Vale, (no. twer of the Victorian Tvmpnranoa Alliinue, will-give one of his popular lectures in tho Sheffield Wcaloyan Church on 'Thursday evs'alng. " '' 