Ghostology. [By '? Mark Antony.] THE GHOST OF MRS. DOOLAtf. Some ghosts have a silly habit of puzzling and mystifying those they visit by not appearing in the fle — Ha! what was I about to write ? As if a ghost had any ' flesh ' in which to appear ! However, what I mean is, that this kind of ghost never appears m any human or otner animai snapu, but is content to make its presence known by ' groanings ' or ' knockings on the furni ture,' or sometimes by showing a 'corpse light' — as at Singleton — or in some other equally ridiculous way. They come to forecast disaster, or death, or perhaps great joy to those they love. Or mayhap the ghost of the robbed and murdered traveller returns to warn the sleeping guest of the lonely inn, that he is in danger there, for that he (the spirit) was converted into a spirit in that same room some years ago by the knife or dagger of the murderous landlord. That the deed was done for gold which the said 'gory landlord' is now battening on, and that the decaying remains of that ghost's earthly tabernacle are now buried in the cellar and want placing in Christian ground. Those — and a natural de sire for vengeance on the assassin — are generally the main objects of this kind of ghost's return to the earth ; and, if the spirit would only step out and say so, in as many words, other victims might often be saved, and an all round vengeance for its own death be secured. Instead of doing this, however, this de scription of spook gets under the tired traveller's couch, or into a handy closet, and begins to knock, or groan, or indulge in some other unintelligible kind of nonsense, so as to warn him of his danger, and all the time, mayhap, the murderous landlord is creeping closer to his other victim with that awful dagger ready. Then, perhaps, just when the wretch is on the threshold ready to consum mate the awful deed, the silly ghost (as a last resource) will come forth and pull the bed clothes off the doomed man, so as to awaken him. Tired and sleepy, the poor fellow may then merely reach over and recover them, instantly going off to sleep again, and the idiot ghost can think of nothing more to do then, save howl in an eldrich way, and dis tribute blue fire in the room while the man is being murdered. This is the kind of ghost that I just despise, as also must every intelligent, reason able man, and I have no sympathy whatever with any ghost that could be guilty of one half such foolishness. How is a man to know that there are 'bones in the. cellar' from hearing a ' groan' or seeing a ' strange light' in the night ? What surety has one that he is aboutto be murdered by his host from having the clothes pulled off his sleeping form, and what kind of way is this, anyhow, to reveal the existence of a nest of assassins to a man who has previously had no suspicion of the like ? Bah ! We sicken at such ghostly drivellers and gladly turn to narrate the story of a very different kind of spook — to wit, the Ghost of Mrs. Doolan. When Mrs. Patsy Doolan lay dying she was assiduously attended in her last illness by a buxom young widow named Bridget McGurk, whom, rumours said, had been courted by Patsy previous to the marriage of either of them. Well, this only by the way, of course. Bridget was awful good to Door Mrs. Doolan in her last days, and when she died and was laid in the grave the widow's kindness did not cease, for she often looked in on poor, childless, lonely Pat, and helped him with a bit of cooking or washing just as required. Her kindness, and good looks as well, naturally began to touch the heart of the desolate man, and it was not many weeks after the demise of his wife when Pat began to fancy that it would be ' rale noice to have the swate crathur there for goo£.' But at this point of his cogitations a horrid fear used always to shoot through Pat's soul and shrivel him up, because there was. a heavy secret on his heart and he knew he could never dare to make the widow his own. Alas, poor unfortunate Doolan ! In those last days of her illness, his wife had seen — or fancied she did — some rather loving glances pass between Bridget and her husband, and her jealous ingenuity soon hit on a plan by which she hoped to keep them asunder even after the grave held her own form. She said nothing to either of the offenders then, but just an hour or two before she passed away — and when only Pat was there to hear her, she managed to remark, ' Pat dear, I'm goin' fast now, and there is somethin' I wish to say to ye. Pat, I saw yewinkin' to Biddy McGurk yesterday when ye thought I was'nt lukin', an' I know what that manes. Now listen to me, Pat,' she continued impressively, ( ' if ye uwer attempt to marry Biddy or any o'ther woman I'll come back an' haant ye !' This gruesome threat was the last word she uttered, and it tied poor Pat as effectually as if she had taken him with her. He might love the ?widow as much as he pleased, but he dare not tell her of his love, and marriage was now as impossible to him as the possesfiion of a palace in the moon. He dare not risk that ghostly alternative, for he knew the vindictive nature of ''his defunct wife thoroughly, and was certain she would come back to make his life horrible, should he disobey. Worse than all this, too — the widow really loved Pat, and had winked at him, as alleged ; and now the two of them felt they were doomed to suffer for their folly. For the time came, of course, when Pa* told Bridget the dread obligation that had been laid on him. Ho told her all about it one evening in the dusk, when she ?was. trying to tempt him to kiss her,— they ? will do such things, you know— and then Bridget turned real serious, and said, 'If that's so, Pat, we mustn't think of marryin' or coortin', for we'd neither have pace nor good luck.' And Doolan groaned in anguish of spirit, and agreed with her; at the same time remarking it was 'hard— very hard,' as a matter of fact. And then the widow heaved a heavy sigh, and retired to her own ?lonely dwelling. That night, as the desolate and anguished Pat tossed restlessly on his bed, the spirit of his late wife, all robed in white, stole out of Sie Widow McGurk's door, just ovpr the way,' and entered the home of her distressed spouse. M was a strange place for the poor ghost to liail from, certainly ; and the hour was rather lato, . as well. But one can never properly account for the vagaries of such ; visitants, anyhow; and, after' all, Biddyi and Mrs. Doolan had always been very good friends, and possibly the ghost had remembered this when on her travels, and Lad merely looked in on the widow to see how e*o got on. Anyhow that was where it ' emanated ' from, for we saw it come out of there with our own eyes and go over the street into the house of poor Pat — using a key to open the door — and as we made bold to slip into the lobby after it wo are in a position to state that its intentions soon ap peared to be good, and its language (when it spoke) moderate. Now there is no earthly good in any reader cutting into enquire 'what were you doing there ?' Let it suffice that we were there so as to avoid needless explanations, and thus we will get our narrative to run more smoothly, and also avoid possible complications. We followed the ghost (not then thinking it was a ghost, but inclined to believe it was only Mrs. McGurk) into the lobby of Pat's lii-moo o-nrl lioTTinn- -wrn+.pli or\ if. fmffvp +,lip slprm ing man's bedroom, we glued our ear to the keyhole preparatory to attending the coming seance. Then we heard the thing utter the custom ary introductory groan, and this was soon followed by a movement in the bed, and the sleepy voice of Pat enquiring ' who's there, I dunno ?' ' Only me, dear Pat,' was the low. sepul chral retort, followed by another groan. ' You — not you, Biddy ?' came the sur prised query in Pat's voice, and thero was a quick rustle in the bed as of its occupant sitting up. ' No indade, Pat, avick;' replied the hollow voice, promptly. ' Biddy McGurk (though I've had base suspicions o' her) is a dacint woman, an' wud'nt enther yer room in the night. No, Pat. I'm the sperrit av yer wife, Mary, an' I've come to tell ye I can't get no rist.' ' Oh, holy murdther, an' Lor' be atune us and harrum !' yelled Pat — and we knew by the muffled sounds that he had dived under the bed clothes. ? ' Och-a- nee, Mary dear, phat made ye throuble to come back agen, at this late hour to haant me ? Shure I'm not lukin near Mrs. McGurk at all, at all !' ' Pat, I have done ye an' Biddy a terrible wrong,' groaned the spirit, dismally, ' an' it s to maKe ammcts i m here. l± ye think ye kin luve Biddy ye musht many her, for if ye do not I will never git rist.' ' Eh ? Wha's that ? Say, Mary — no blarney, ye know ! Yer not jokin' are ye ?' ' The dead never joke,' replied the dismal voice. ' If you don't marry Biddy I'm doomed to wandher the earth for ever. I've wronged her in thought, and only you can make aminds.' ' Then, Mary dear, considher the aminds med, an' yer sowl at rist,' replied Doolan, promptly, and in a relieved tone of voice, ' Biddy and I like aich other well, and allus — er will, so ye kin make yer moind aisy* I'll marry her to-morrow, just to oblige ye, ye poor thing.' 'Then me arrant's done, an' I must go,' replied the ghost. ' I can come back no more to throuble yez, and I go hince wishin' yez joy. Adoo, dear Pat, A-d-o-o !' The spirit was ' melting away' in our direction, so we slid outside and saw' it emerge and re enter the house of the widow McGurk, where it must have remained, or made its exist by the chimney at a later period. ' ' Gone to make the amende honorable to the widow,' I ruminated, ' and tell her she may have Pat.' And it was a natural solution of the visit, for on the very next day the widow became Mrs. Doolan, and the unquiet spirit came to Pat never again. There is positive pleasure in writing about a ghost of such sound commonsense as this. It was bin right down to the ground, and no twaddle ; and if many of its kind would only ' go and do likewise,' their behaviour would not be such a mystery to us poor humans. 