\- CHITSAL. Letter from the Believing Force. How the Fort Looked. The following has been received in Sydney : Chitral Relief Force, Chitral, April 26, 1895. My dear Sister,— Your letter was most welcome, arriving at a time like this, when we are more or less cut off from the outer world, and time goes very slowly. I can hardly believe it is barely a month since we left our base of operations, and less than five weeks since we were in Rawul Pindi. Fighting is all over, Umra Khan has absconded, and Ohitral has been re lieved—not by us, but by a small column acting independently from a totally different 'direction. Still, the real object of this very large expedi . tion was to open up this wonderfully fertile country through which we hare passed, and wliieh has never been seen by a white man since we English came to India. It is the borderland between India and Afgha nistan, and is inhabited by warlike and intensely faiiatical independent tribes, always fighting among them selves, and ready to oppose to the death the advance of the 'Feringhi'' into their country. It was simply this fanatical hatred of the white 'unbeliever* s' entrance into their country which caused the people of Swat, urged on by their ' mullalis ' (priests), to contest so stubbornly our advance over the Malakand Pass on April 3. However, they see now that resistance is absurd, and as we never pillage or destroy the villages, or mo lest the inhabitants (they clear out en masse as we advance, and leave their villages absolutely empty), they are beginning to come back and bring us supplies on payment — and very hard bargains they drive, too ! The only question how is, will Go vernment leave* us up here for the summer, or shall we march back to India. Personally, I do not much care what happens. Of course, a sum mer up here would mean the saving of a good bit of money, for although feed ing is in a way expensive (all stores coming from India along the daily lengthening line of communication at great expense, though meat, milk, and rice are fairly cheap), still one has ab solutely no expenses except mess and two servants, and petty repairs to uni form. But a summer up here would be deadly monotonous. We have a very jolly little post here, however only ourselves and a company of na tive infantry to take care of a lot of commissariat stores, &c.; We have fortified it by building a stone wall all round, and have a very pleasant Lttle encampment for the officers under some trees. These are the very first trees we have been under since we left our base, and in consequence have had a frightfully hot time, as we have no tents, but live in the open with what ever cover we can manage out of a blanket or waterproof sheet. We are fairly high up here— some 4000ft above sea level, and so manage to keep fair ly cool, though the heat ? during the day out of cover of the trees is al rea.uy unpleasant, ana win, or course, get worse every day as the season ad vances. They will, nowever, send us up our tents and the remainder of our baggage (it was only SOlb to start with) if they intend keeping us here the whole hot weather. I started from Pindi with a little literature in my SOlb kit, but I had to leave it all be hind me when our kits were reduced to 501b at the base. On the whole, I have enjoyed my self immensely these last five weeks, although we have had some hard ships and one or two rather anxious moments; but the marching and see ing new country is real joy, especially when one knows the country has ne ver been entered by a white man be fore. Yesterday evening I walked over to Umra Khan's capital — Burwur —in which Fowler and Edwards were shut up by him for some time. Umra Khan, as you know, fled on our ap proacn, and is now somewhere on the borders, but the inhabitants are gra dually coming back, and there were a good many of them in the town when we arrived there with a small escort yesterday evening. They seemed to bear us no ill - will, and conducted us about, and showed us all that was worth seeing — Umra Khan's garden, full of mulberry trees, and with hedges of magnificent roses — the fort, with its three brass guns, cast in a very rough mould on the spot, and, I should say, absolutely useless as weapons of offence and defence; the room where Fowler and Edwards were imprisoned, a nice, airy place, where, according to Fowler, they were well treated and well fed; the room where they refill the Martini -Henry cartridges, empty cases lying in hun dreds on the floor; and finally, two stones with deep inscriptions, which are said to be 2000 years old, and of Buddhist origin — I believe they are really genuine, and probably of im mense interest to archaeologists. All the villagers accompanied us, and loo ked curiously at our white faces, but seemed in perfect good humor, laugh ing at our jokes, especially when we went into one of the rooms of the fort, and one guide called out, 'Sahib, mind the fleas,' whieii made us all rush out as if we had seen a ghost, scratching our legs and laughing. These places are, indeed, full of fleas, as the people of the country are not over cleanly. The only man with anything like a hangdog expression, and who kept a good distance from us all the time, was clad — we could hardly believe it till we actually fingered and inspected the buttons — in a London policeman's dark blue, with a row of silver but tons down the front, labelled 'Metro- politan Police.' I believe many bales of partly-worn uniform are sent out every year by the Jews, who buy them, or possibly (but it is hardly likely) the coat may have been a rem nant of private theatricals in Pesha wnr. Sunday, April 28. — The English mails should have arrived yesterday, but the bags went wrong, and we re ceived instead our own letters, which we had posted the day before. Our English mail, therefore, is probably | on its way back to Bombay, and un less the mistake is discovered and rec tified, it. may be some time before we get our letters and papers. We had quite a little excitement last night. A. Pathah, with quite the most villainous cast of countenance I have ever seen, came into camp about 6.30 p.m., and told us there were some arms hidden near a village half a mile off. An offi cer and twelve men of the 4th Sikhs were sent out, and returned about 9.30 with two tulwars, some ammunition, J and five rifles of various serts, which they had dug up, first threatening the i villagers that their houses would be I burnt down if they didn't show them where the arms were hidden. We got rather anxious in camp about i) p^m. when the party did not return, as it was not at all unlikely that the villain ous-looking Pathan (who apparently betrayed his friends for some spite, and was subsequently rewarded by us with three rupees) looked quite cap able of leading the small party into an ambush; but directly we had sent a rescue party we saw a light comiug from the direction of the village, and soon after the party was safe in cam]). It seems almost certain now that all (or almost all) of the troops comprising the Chitral Relief Force, will be kept up here for the summer, but whatever happens, I don't much care. Thy monotony hasn't yet begun to pall, and we are all very happy.— Believe me, ever your affectionate brother. C. W. J. O. 