-EG,, S T.O R -Y. ITA'S MYSTERY. ; ; , /Ry Ella. Cheever Thayer CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) ; ...j 'That must be it!' added Harry. ' I can't explain it any other way,' said Miss FaleBi - ' I wasn't a wire, though^ 1 that the picture had made so great an im pression on me.1' She glanced at him archly as she spoke, and laughed — the tinkling laugh Frank; remembered so well. ' l am greatly flattered, at all events,' he said. ' I hone I have also made a sufficient impression for you to give me a ! fewwaltTes.' j ' A lew r Ion are wo moiiwi, mr. ? Lorraine. One, perhaps.' j She handed him her card, and he wrote i his name in the only vacant place. Then j Harry claimed her, . and they danced ; away. ' Be sure and come back to me, Ita, ?' Miss Meade called after them. Ita! Then it was her name ! Ita Fales ! j He had the whole name now, at least. But wlio was Arthur St. Clair ? The last was a question which began to take an unpleasant prominence in his mind. Could it be she was privately married to the man, whom, for some reason, he had been so strangely called upon to personate ? Frank did not like the idea. _ ; He fancied it still less when, haying led her out for the promised waltz, the; fair j hair almost touchtd his breast, and the - coquettish face was very near his own. j The dance was the last before inter- j mission, and as the music ceased Frank I whirled his partner out into the con- j servatory. 'The supper room will be crowded j now — let us rest here awhile,' he said, | leading her toward a secluded seat under an orange plant. ?'You have such a dreadfully author ita- ; tive way with you that I must needs ' obey,' Ita responded, in a lightly sarcastic tone. ' You. are mistaken. I assure you I am very meek, and capable of being domineered over in the most shameful manner. I could prove that to you by an : experience I once had. ' 1 Frank seated himself by her side as he spoke. 'Tell me what it was, then I will decide, 'r she said, slyly studying his hand- j some features. 'That I cannot do. It is a secret , which I hav-i revealed to no one.' ' How provoking of you to mention it, and arouse my curiosity all for nothing ! It was very roYnantic, of course V ' Think ofthe most romantic adventnre you ever ha -V and I cau match it with mine,' returned Fiank, watching her in tently to see if the words brought the recollection he thought to awaken. Apparently they did not at first, but ; presently she broke into a little laugh, while a peculiar expression came iuto her eyes. ' I doubt it. I had one once that no- j thing could match.' | ' Let us compare notes,' he said, lean- ! ing over her eagerly. I She shook her head. I Oh, no ! Mine is far too serious.' j 'Serious!' he echoed. 'Mine was j quite the contrary. Can't we make a ; bargain to exchange cor.fidences some ' ti.no?' ' Impossible ! But you might tell me yours, that I could be sure it was really, actually romantic. There was a lady in it, of course ?' ' Certainly, and a very beautiful one.' Tfca trifled with her fan as though not entirely pleased with this answer. She made some gay comment, however, and a conversation iu the same strain followed, on different tonics, which Frank was very *i»rry to have interrupted by Miss Meade and several friends in search of Ita, The latter went away with manifest reluctance, and looked back to smile brightly at Frank. He hovered about her Yicinity the re mainder of the evening, although finding few opportunities *o 6ay anything farther? But he had the pleasure of taking her to the carriage, and received a good -night smile from under a blue hood, which made ber look more bewitching than evar. It was not unnatural, under the cir cumstances, that after thiB unexpected meeting Frank's thoughts were filled with j the charming, puzzling Ita ; and surmises I of |he mystery which now, more than be- j fore, interested him, and reawakened his curiosity. He went everywhere that there waB a possibility of meet ing her, and ?oon so nrosrressed in tha n-linfork/ia I r -u ? that he became a frequent caller at her liome. It began to be remarked before long that the society of other ycung ladies had lost all charm for Frank Lorraine, and that Ita s colour changed at his approach. ' It's no use,' Harry Meade said to him one day. 'I was goin$ to fall in love with Ita Fales myself, but it is evident we all must yield to you, so I might as veil do it with a good f/race. ' 'What do you meanV ' Frank questioned itarting. ] 'What do I mean?' laughed fiarry. ^ ell, that is cool ! There's no sense in lenying it, old boy * any one can see vou ire dead in love with her, and, rsad hough it be, 'tis true that jshe slights ivery one for you.' ' Nonsense!' exclaimed Frank, hastily, -ad getting very red. 'I am actuated by iptirely different motives, Harry. Some ii ie.rperhaps, I can tell you.' ' In irtdding cards and cake!' retorted & *riy, shaking his head knowingly, as he frrtedaway uj- the street. , Pnok gaz®c/ after him a moment, then cent on his way thoughtfully. Harry's aalf jesting, half serious words had iroused some hitherto dormant con sciousness within himself, and from this t time his manner changed. : He was pre occupied, and, singular «nopgh in the gay, light-hearted young man, often melancholy. In fact,' he could no longer eoncetd from his own self-scrutiny the fascination Ita Fales had for him, and that, had he met her without the previous knowledge of some strange secret surrounding her, he Bhould have loved her with all his heart. But as it was, he must conquer all such emotions. The mystery might be a shameful one. Certaiuly, from What he knew of it, something it must be which precluded the possibility of her becoming his. Then Frank's brow would grow dark as he thought of Arthur ; St. Clair. Who, what, and where was he? Was it really fightful place that he himself had assumed ? If so, . why Jiad it been necessary ? ' 1 ' ?Phese ^-ere questions $0 which Frank PPuld find no answer, but yet, in the very ffiidst of the pain sucm thoughts brought, bis pulses thrilled with a is^eef sense of hav*Bg fpr twq hpure ^alled her h\B iff). ' §QP£tifflP§ he wfcs tempted tp he? everything, and demand 30 esplanatiqu. But there were wow only a few weeks to pass before' the time would come when she had. appointed to meet him ?gain tide ° old church, and he wai . .... s .- . . ? ? ...... t t ?? : ;.. anxious to see-.'if-* title' v -would keep her ? jsrord. What would then happen he did not dare think. : ; He could hold no ! bright i anticipations rof tie figure, .however. ; ... J ' Meanwhile, he'j&d; not cease his visits. ;to her whb had be'eome the source of so . much trouble! ' ! There was a dangerous (. fascination in being near her which he could not resist. . . 7 / r : t . .. . / ' CHAPTEB IIL One day he found Harry Meade and his Bister with her. Frank could not be blind to the blush that greeted him on : Ita's fair face, and it set his heart throbbing wildly. . i As if to atone for the involuntarily be trayal, Ita immediately resumed her j conversation with Miss Meade, taking 1 little apparent notice of Frank. They j were talking of school days. j ' One is always longing for them to be over, yet, when they, are, one looks back i to them with regret,' said Miss Meade. 1 ' I was terribly sorry to leave the j seminary and the giriB,' said Ita. ' Some j of them I shall never see again.' | ' It must have been a pokey place way off there,' said Miss Meade. ^ j ' May I ask where you were at school?' asked Frank quickly. As he had suspected' she would. Ita mentioned the town and State where their first peculiar interview had occurred. Had she been at school all the time, he wondered jealously. Was it there Arthur , St. Clair lived ? ' It wasn't pokey at all,*' Ita resumed, j to Miss Meade. ' We used to have splendid times. The only thing I didn't . like was Alice Weld's airs. She was my chief rival and dearest foe.' j 'And is this your only unpleasant , memory V' asked Frank, looking at her j intently. ' I can't say even this is that,' Ita answered, glancing up at him. and then ! down again quickly. 'When one has | been victor in a battle, it is not a diB- ' agreeable remembrance, is it f' | She laughed gayly as she asked the ] question. j ' Not a bit of it,' said Harry Meade. 1 ' It goes without saying, though, that you j distanced Miss Weld. But I hope, Miss Fales that there was no young man in the sase.' | Ita's cheeks dimpled mischievously, and | her eyes twinkled. I ' You must not ask too many ques- ! tions, Mr. Me;»de,' she said with a roguish ! glane«, ! -'Doubtless yourself, this Miss Weld, j and the young man about whom no ! questions must be asked, are the chief : ingredients in that romantic experience \ which you thought would match mine !' j Frank burst out, in a spasm of uncontroll- j able anger and jealousy. j Ita gavfi a quick look at his disturbed | countenance, and it seemed to afford j her soma ground for satisfaction. Her i dimples deepened as she replied ! demurely, — j ' What a good gue3ser you are, Mr. Lorraiue !' j Frank bit his lip, and while Harry and j his sister were besieging her for an j account of this romance, and she waB ; laughingly refusing to say another word, j he withdrew to a window in no enviable : stace of mind. There could no longer be any doubt about it. She was entirely unworthy ! Not only did she have a history that would not bear investigation, but she was a heartless coquette as well. Why had he allowed himself to become so in- j fatuated, knowing what he did of her.! hidden past 't Would she have the grace j to be ashamed wlien she found what he knew, or would she smile still, as if free from guile ? Something Harry 3VIead.e was saying j interrupted these bitter reflections by catching his attention. Harry was just beginning to practice law, and was no thing if not legal. 'One has to be very careful in that ' State,' was his remark, jestingly made. ! 'They have sort of jumpiug-over-the- i broomstick laws there.1' 'What do you mean?' Ita inquired ' unsuspiciously. ' Oh, only one is liable to find himself I married before he knows it !' laughed ' Harry. ! Frank listened eagerly. A slight shade 1 of anxiety crept over Ita's bright face as : she asked tremulously, — j ' How can that be ? What is the j law ?' j ' Don't be alarmed, Miss Fales. You j are all right, unless you have been ac- ' knowledging somebody as your husband i before witnesses.' Frank uttered an exclamation. ] Ita had grown pale, and trembled ; but with an effort to conceal these traces of emotion she asked carelessly,— j ' Why, what would happen if I — if any ' body had done that V ' i ' Simply, if such a claim was made by either party, it would be a legal mar riage.' Ita tried to force her white lips to i smile. ' How singular !' 6he managed to j ?:say- ? ? ? i Then her eyes met those of Frank, which were fixed upon her eagerly, md tottering backward she fell in a swoon. j Miss Meade sprang and lifted her, while Frank poured out a glass of water, and sprinkled her forehead. In a moment Bhe revived, and, after the first bewilderment, expressed herself as wholly unable to ac count for her indisposition. She avoided : glancing in Frani'fl direc tion, and though attempting to appear as jusual, the effort : was. perceptible. The two' young men soon took their leave, Miss Meade remaining. ? 44 Curious she, should have fainted at that particular moment wasn't it ?' said Harry, when they were out of hearing. 'It would almost make one suspect that ?he had been up to gomethiftg «f the kind,' ' ; ' It was a mere coincidence, »f course,' said Frank, briefly. ' I suppose it must have been, for I have heard her say they wen* very strict at the school, and she had ho gentleman acquaintance except het cousin, whom her father waB very anxious to have her marry.' . ' What is his name Z' asked prank. ' Fales, ae hers. But do not be jealous, old boy. He is angular and chemical and grave, and she detests him.' As soon as possible Frank parted from his companion, and went home with his head iu a whirl. , ? - - Was it possible that those two iu which she had called hiflft her husband had giyefl him the right to claim her? The idea made all his pulses beat wildly. Her agitation would seem to prove that there had been no marriage previously with that bugbear, St. Clair., Perhaps he had b^e^ a villain, who had defeiyed - deserted Her I TUe n*s^^y seemed to grow deeper, and he felt he could not hear the strain tnueh jonge*. Fortunately, there were only a few days more before the yeai would be uP: But would she keep her word, he wondered. * .. . -s : ? . ? u. 'VV', .«! ** J CHAPTER IV. ; Miss Meade settled the latter doubt Jor ] him. ' Vroni her he learned that Ita, was . , about to pay a visit to an old schoolmate who lived in the same town where the . j seminary was. . ^ j Triumphant over this information, and j vat profoundly miserable, Frank went to j t»d her good-bye before her departure. He had not seen her since the day she so suddenly fainted, and when she entered the parlor where he waited he was sur- ; prised and touched by the change m her appearance. The bright, joyous expres sion at which he had so often secretly cavilled, because of its seeming incon sistency after what had happened, now had given place to one anxious and sad, such as he had felt ought to be upon her face. Yet he was sorry to see it, now it really was there, and his doubts, some way, melted before it, leading a flood of tenderness in his heart. She did not look at him as she entered, but downward, and was nervous and un- ^ like her bright, vivacious stlf. ' You are going away, I hear ?' said ; Frank, after a few commonplace remarks had passed between them. 'Yes,'' was her low response. 'I( have to make a promised visit to a dear ; school friend, Bertie Snow. ' I Frank well remembered the name, and | thought of wizened little Miss Snow with her tears and emotion. What a muddle it all was ! 1 'I hope that you will enjoy it very i much,' he said, after a moment, finding j nothing better to express. [ She pulled the lace on her dress uneasily, while she responded, — 'Thank you. One never can tell what ' may occur, you know.' j He moved a little nearer on the sofa where both were sitting. ' 1 trust you have no real reason for any serious apprehension !' ' Ah ! I do not know that I have,' she answered. Then he saw her lip quiver and a tear steal down her cheek. At this he forgot everything except that he loved her, and suddenly grasping the trembling white hand in his, exclaimed impetuously, — ' 4 You are in some trouble. Tell me — let me help you ! You need fear nothing, for I — ' 'No, no!' she interrupted, starting away from him. ' I can tell you least of all ! Do not ask me what it is. Let us say good-bye, and — and do not blame me for anything. ' She looked up at him for the first time since hig coming, and as her eyes met the entreaty and tenderness in his brown ones some responsive expression flashed into her own. Then, flushing crimson, she I turned and fled from the room, j Frank went away in a state of mind i that he could not analyze. He did not j know whether he was happy or wretched. | He passsd the remaining time, before starting on his own journey, in alternate bliss and despair ; bliss at remembering that last look which had seemed to reveal : that Ita loved him — despair at the thought that what he was so soon to learn might separate them forever, i When at last he approached the old church at the appointed hour, his head burned with feverish excitement, j It was a bright moonlight evening, and he went up close to the church, in its 1 deepest shadow. He was early, as he had t intended, and no one was in sight. Pre sently, however, he descried a female figure approaching rapidly, and soon re cognized the long, dark cloak and large hat of a year ago. She came nearer. Frank's heart beat so loud that he thought she must hear it, but she stopped without perceiving him in the shade where he stood. As she glanced | around the moonlight fell upon her face, j and he could see that it wore an anxious but determined look, j Calming himself by an effort, Frank moved, and in a low, partially disguised voice said, — ' I am here, Mrs. St. Clair.' Ita gave a start of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward the form hardly distinguishable from the surrounding dusk. — ' I did not see you at first, sir. ' 1 Frank mumbled something indistinctly in response. ' I have kept my word, sir, though not quite in the spirit in which it was made,' Ita continued, with a seriousness that seemed very strange in her. 'I have learned since how very wrong I was in doing what I did, and I want first of all to beg your pardon. From what I saw of you, I believe you to be a gentleman, and I am going to trust you as such.1' She waited for some reply, 1- ut Frank gave none. Hte was hesitating whether to reveal himself now or later. His silence surprised her, and she cast a doubtful glance at the little that she could see of him. This decided him, and he stepped forward slowly. Ita watched his tall figure as it emerged from the shadow, but when hia features grew distinct her eyes dilated, as if it|had been a ghost from the cemetery behind, and she stood staring, stunned and motion less. 'It is I,' he said, breaking the *ilenc«. At this she found speech. 'You!' she gasped. 'You! You here! Must I believe that it w;as yoo who— ah, how cruel to deceive '*me so Ions 1' one *ro*e Into sobs, and went and leaned her face against a granite post at the church-yard gate. Frank followed quickly, and bent over ' her. 4 'Don't feel so badly over he pleaded. ' I did not kno.w what to do, the circumstances were so peculiar, and I thought it best to let events shape their own course until the time you yourself had appointed. If I was wrong,' forgive me. * - .. think you^have known it this time!' sobbed Ita. '^.you mUBt have laughed t$ vqurself whenever you saw me!'- ? ? J You misjudge me. , It was far too serious a matter for that, 1 assure you,' he replied earnestly. ' Can you not rely upon me more than on the stranger you -?iUj *o. meet ¥ Do you not know I will do anything to help you, even at the sacrifice of my own hope^S' n.°£ that,' she mor mured. Then she stole a glance at him, ^®d vehemently, ' Ah, how, you will despise me when you know all » Oh I wish I had confessed everything a year ago, as I was tempted to do !' ' Can J[ou not ^ve more confidence in me now than you could then ?' 'Then t will rel««le'^^Bftom T0U_ r? ? yo' we nothing,' * *W paces farther from her « heX^ Pve her hack J wort, Ita looked at him half wiat- 1 !%, ashamed. W18t j a ' - ^ waDt tell you , ' she rem arked 1 advancing a little; « only-youwo^t ' despise me, will you 1' 1 mav^rT B°WeVer terrible t he secret ! s&e; . gazed admiringly at~th« countenance .for an instant, then 1. , * hysterically. ; - ' inen Hhetf 'That is the worst of it,' shP there only was a terrible secret T not care so much.' '.^wonlj : Frank stared. ' I don't understand you S., , '' *? I mean,' she explained, twistin untwisting her handkerchief and 1, a 811(1 her head guiltily, « I mean 'that ft?'* very commonplace and— and ridiJi ' Ridiculous !' echoed Fr^k ^ 0a,? ' * Absolutely ridiculous, Yoa see It 1, came about through the rivalrv C! U Alice Weld and myself at school ^ was queen of one section, audi wa«'„. of another. Of course all the girk w 611 very romantic, and here she had at fi?6 an advantage over me : she had a r 1 lover who used to throw notes up t0 ?al window tied on stones, and all such j t resting things. Then, to be even, of'™!!!6' I had to have a lover, too.' Ita glanced up at his attentive plexed face, and her contrite look c hJgll into a roguish one as she continued — I had a most devoted lover whom T dearly loved. His name was Arthur e Clair.' (Here Frank frowned.) papa was at that time anxious I marry my cousin, you see it made a van nice romance. ' ' 41 Very,' said Frank, dryly. This confession was torture to him a she had called it ridiculous. ! ' Arthur St Clair and I used to baVa very romantic [meetings and adventures ' resumed Ita. 44 Papa grew more and more determined that I should marry my cousin All the girls were in a dreadful state of ex' citement over it, and Alice Weld was no* where. Then, just before I graduated we all thought it wjuld be so romantic if I should secretly marry Arthur, bo papa couldn't force me to a union with im cousin, So Arthur and I arranged it all and Bertie Snow told her aunt,=who, hav! ing lost a lover in her youth, was' very sympathetic, and the\ . unknown to me got up the supper to which Arthur and I were to come afterthe ceremcnv. Arthur not making his appearance, Tasked yoa to come in his place.'' Frank stood biting his lip jealously and frowning. ' I don't quite uuderstand.'' he said gloomly. ' Where was this Arthur St. Clair that he didn't marry you T Ita tried to look very serious as if feel ing she ought, but there was a mischiev ous twinkle in her eyes, as she re plied, — 'Don't you see? There wasn't any such person. It was all an invention from beginning to end.' Frank started, stared incredulously, then his countenance changed magieailv and he burst into a laugh in which Ita joined. ' 1 understand now,' he exclaimed, aa soon as he could speak. 'When Mia Snow invited you to the supper, you didn't know what to do, and came and asked me to go.'' ' She didn't tell me until the last moment,' said Ita. extenuatingly, ' and 1 had seen you pass often and— in iact. 1 gointed you out to the girls as Arthur, lefore 1 left school 1 confessed the whole, greatly to their edification. Poor Miss Snow, alone, 1 did not undeceive. Bertie said it would make her feel so bad. My conscience reproached me for that part, but the other 1 thought a good joke until — until — ' She stopped, confused and h' ashing, Frank comprehended her meaning, however. Relieved of his terrible fears, he was his audacious self once more. 'You were frightened by Harry Meade'i words,' he said. 44 Did 1 make such * bad husband those two hours ? * She averted her head. 'Oh, no !' she murmured. 44 Then suppose 1 should assert the right Harry says the law cives in this Stare ?' 44 1 should have to submit to tie law, of course,' she returned very meekij. 'Frank was close to her side novr. andr with his lips almost touching her cheek, whispered, — 41 Don't you think it will be better not to undeceive poor Miss Suow, lt3 ?' ' Perhaps so — as long as Arthur is you,' she replied, with arch tender ness. And then he drew the sweet face up to his, and Ita's mystery was solved. 