MR. MB IRS. BOWSES. The Domestic Peace Broken. : He Forgot His Umbrella. Mrs! Bowses Held Responsible-Other Incidents Which Disturb the Har mony of Home. It wat pouring rain when Mr. Bowser came home the ether evening, and Mrs. Bowser, who was watching lor him from a front window, saw, that he was soaking wet, and realised that a scene was at hand. She opened the front door for htm with the re mark.:' \- " I'm so a«)rry ? Get into some dry clothes right nwoy." Mr.' liowser made no reply. He hung ap his hat, walked into the sitting-room witn his feet all muddy aad the wet dripping from his clothes, and then turned on her with' : ' Mrs. Bowser, what did I soy to you aa I left the houio this morning? Don't attempt any evasion, now, but teii me what I said !" Why,, I remember you said it looked a bit like rain," she answered. ; "/I said it' would rain before night, and it has ! I'm wot to the hide !" ".That's too bad !" ".Too bid ! . And yvhose fault -is ft? .My mind was occupied with business affairs, and you knew it Was," and yet you'eaW me walk oil without an nmbrolla 1 Aire. Bowser, " JVhy» yun took your umbrolla along," sho interrupted. " Nover !" ' " Of course you did ! Don't you remember dropping it at the gatu ? You walked right out oi tbe office and left it thore." "I did, oh ? Why don't you call men first-class idiot and be done witb it!" " You muBt have dono so, for you suroly carried it away with you." Thai's, exactly what ha did do, and he know it, but ho squirmed oat of it b> offering to bet hor a milliou dollars to a cent that the front door had been left wido open all the afternoon, and that a hail-thief.' had carried off half tho things downstairs. One morning there was a smell of gas down oellar; aud Mr. Bowser went down to aee if he could discover a leak. He put on an old, hat kept for "poking -.round," and when, he left the house he wore it away. It was rusty and spotted and broiten, but it was only . when, tho boys down Sown began lo " shoot that hat " that he rambled to it. Then bo flow back with his eyos hanging out and hie face pium-colorod, and he wus no sooner inside the house than he shouted : "Look at it,' Mrs. Bowser-— look at that infernal old juuk-sbop which you deliber ately eaw mo weer away on my head and never said a word about it ! " " Did you wear that hat down town ? " " Did I ! Did 11" he shouted, as he banged it' on tho floor and jumped on it. " But X didn't soo you go. 1 was upstairs when you went. Air. Bowser, you are cer tainly very abBent-mindcd." " 1 am, eh ! It's a wonder that I don't forget to come homo, isn't it 1 Aire. Bow ser, if there is another house in the United States as badly mismanaged as this I'd like to see' it l" - " But can you blame me because you wore your old hat uway she protested. " That's it— 'that's it ! Shoulder it off on me ! Tho papers talk about the startling number of , divorces. It's a wonder to mo thore are not five times as many <" One .day Mr. liowser brought homo a patent . corkscrew, which, some fakir had sold him; and Aire, Bowser saw him drop it into a wall-po'ckel. A week later, after wandering nrouud .tho house for half aa hour one evcuiug, he baited before her and said: "I'll be hanged if I don't got some chains and padlocks and soe if I cau't have things loft where I put them 1" " What is it now ?" " I brought home a can-oponer a few days ago, aud left it on a bracket in the diuing- room. It's gone, of oouiae— profiabiy givon away to some big, lazy tramp ! It's a wonder we have a thing left in tbis house !" " A can-opener?" " .Yea, a can-opener. If yon ncvor heard of a can-opener I'll . hire someone to write yon out 'a history of it. It wao invented to opeucans."' '.'Why, we have two or three in the kitchen. Do you mean a can-opener?" I don't mean wind-miJJs or thrashing- machines;"' " You had it in a pink paper ?" " YeeJ. ma'am." " It was tho day the man fixed tho gate ?" "It was." , " Well,' I saw yon drop it in that wall- pook'et,and'it is a corkscrew and not a can- oponer." "It. is; eh? Porbaps I don't know a hitching-post from the city hali, "he growled as he reauhed for the parcol and unrolled it. It was a corkscrew. It could only bo used as a corkscrew. It was made and sold for a corkscrew. "Didn't I toll you?" queried Mrs. Bow- eer. "Toll me what! You told me it was a corkscrew, and it'e a can-opener, just as I said it was !" " It's a corkscrow, Mr. Bowser, as every body will tell you." " I Bay it's a can-opener, and if all tho world was to say to tne contrary it would still be a can-opener. Mrs. Bowsor, I don't liico your demeanour. No wife should stand up and dispute with her husband. When I don't know bow to run this house I'll step down and out. While wo aro on the aub- ject let mo ask whore that sorow driver is I was using upstairs a week ago? I hunted for it two wholo hours last evening. Per haps you'll call that a corkscrew, too?" "You wore boriug a hole to put np a hook?" " Yes'm—boring a hole." " And you usod a gimlet and left it lying on the window-sill I" " Woman 1" shouted Mr. Bowser as he pranced around, " don't I know a gimlet Iroin a screwdriver ?" "Does anyone bore boles with a screw! driver?" she queried in roply. Then there wae deep silence for a minute, daring wbiob Mr. Bowser turned red and white, ancj breathed - like a foundered horse. " Airs. Bowsor !" he said at length, and in a broken voice, " this is tbe limit— the last straw 1 Our lawyers will get together to-morrow and fix things np, and you oan return to your mother. I don't want any dinner, and I shall be very buey this even ing. Good-night !" "Well," aaid tho congressman, " I'm back in my native home once more." "Yes," replied the constituent, "I sea you are." " I hope the members of ,tbe com munity will bo glad to seo me." "lean assure you of that, sir. They wore, wishing for you back months ago." " Er— pardon me, Cheops, if I appear in quisitive," said the Alodern Investigator's ghost to tho shade of that ancient builder of oky-scrapera; "but It has oaueod a great dual of argument, and £ should liko to know your real reason for. building the pyramid?" " Sir," sadly replied the shade, I built it fdr the purpose of disproving a- fallacy no less obnoxlone to tho struggling generation in my time than, in yours." "And thatis?" eagerly queried the Modern Investigator's ghost. " That there is always room at tho top." ; . ... 