MICK DOHERTY'S CHRISTMAS. Written f6b "The Southern Cross." " To-mobbow is Christmas Day, Mary," said Mick, addressing his wife, in a tone which he sought to make as unconcerned as j[f he merely said that the morrow was market day, or any other ordinary occasion. " Yes, I believe so," said Mary, " though I don't see what difference if II make to us; we can't keep Christmas on next tonothin'. There's a pinch o' flour to be sure, and a grain o' tay, but I wish ye joy o' the Christmas themll hiake." "Sure we'll have the grace o'God, an' that's betther nor all," replied Mick, as he put the finishing touches to a whip he was tying for his young heir—to poverty—who was disporting himself on the floor. "The grace o' God doesn't keep the pot boilin'," said Mary, with a touch of bitter ness in her voice, Mick paused in the act of tying the final knot, and looked at his wife long and fixedly. He then compressed his lips, shook his head quite a number of times, and bent low over his task. Young Micky had recently paid a stolen visit to a circus in the neighboring town. He had watched with wonder and admir ation the performance of an artist who, lying on his back, had caused a small barrel to perform a series of gyrations on his upturned feet. Micky had now taken up the same posture, and on his upturned soles was balancing the cat, which wise animal, being conscious that she would certainly fall on her feet, and possibly on Micky's face if she toppled over, seemed rather to enjoy her position. Micky no sooner saw that his father had finished than he detached his feet suddenly, and let the cat turn a number of somersaults in her progress to the ground. Mick trotted round the floor, pranching like a horse, to the delight of little Micky, who made great use of his whip in liis capacity of driver. "Quit yer i'oolin' with the lad," said Mary sharply, looking up from her knitting, "an* bring in a basket of turf. Let us have a good fire at any rate, if we have nothin' else." Mick hastened to do Tier bidding, and soon returned with his load. " Glory be to God," he said, as he looked out into the darkness before closing the door after him; "but it's a cold, black night. I pity the poor thravellers that's a-foot to night." Mary made a sharp click with her needles, and gave a toss to her head; which she in tended to be taken in utter contradiction and disapproval of Mick's words. " If s a blessing to have a roof over one's head this weather," Mick continued, heap ing up the turf on the fire; " an' there's some—God help them—that hasn't. We ought to be thankful, Mary, when we come to think of it." " An' how long do you expect to have a roof over your head an' you not havin' a penny of rent to meet the next gale ? Do you expect it to fall from the sky, or that you'll turn it up with the spade in the garden outside there?" The transition from stinging sarcasm to tears was evidently very easy to Mrs. Doherty, for the next minute she was cry ing vigorously, and she would most likely have cried herself well into Christmas morning but that a knock was heard at the door. Mick went to undo the bolt. He opened the door and peered out cautiously—who could tell what it might be? Christmas night, as everyone knew, was a favorite occasion for spirits and ghosts to divert themselves abroad. His fears were allayed when there entered a rather substantial figure, in very unsubstantial clothes, the latter being quite a mosaic of patchwork of different hues and varying degrees of newness. " God save all here!" " God save you kindly, an' come in an' welcome," said Mick, all in a breath, as be closed the door. " If s a bitter night to be out, poor man; move down to the fire. Mary, make a cup of tay for us." Mary, having rubbed her eyes for a few secondis with her apron, went about getting the tea ready with quite a cheerful counten ance, as though the claims of hospitality made her forget her previous vexation. The visitor had seated himself at the fire, and was spreading his hands gratefully to the blaze. The light of the fire played on his face, which was strongly marked, and not so aged as the long white hair and beard would indicate. His eyes were shaded by large, green spectacles, so that his age eould not be exactly determined, but to judge from his fresh rugged features he could not be much over forty. IfMickbad any doubts as to his being a genuine beggarman; or if be thought for a moment that the man looked strong and hale enough to make his. living by hard work, his sense of hospitality forbade him to entertain those suspicions. Mary had meanwhile covered the small deal table with asnowy cloth, the centre was occupied by a large " cake " of home-made bread, most inviting to a hungry man; fresh butter— of Mary's own making, and which was her pet vanity—and new- laid eggs completed the repast. These were all the delicacies ofwhieb/ she was possessed, being, in fact/ provided against the morrow, and- she placed them before their guest with the best willah the World.. ff Dhraw your ch&ir; up to the table," said Mick.- ; = .■ - Mary retired te a seat near the windo w man gave<a demonstEation of an appetite which was . proper to a man of his heal thy _" I wouldn't be surprised if we had a fall of enow before morning," said' Mick, making a pretence of keeping pace with his guest. "I don't doubt but we will," said the stranger; "ifs cold enough for it. It's thankful they ought to be that have a house of their own, and a good fire to sit down to this weather." "Thrue for you," said Mick, looking significantly, at Mary, "the very remark I'm afther making to the good woman there." Mary gave a defiant toss of her head, to the detriment of her knitting, in which she dropped a number of loops. The beggarman, having finished his supper, drew his chair close to the fire, and, pulling out his pipe, put his finger in the bowl after the manner of smokers. As he did so a ring on his finger shone with a dazzling brilliancy. Mick's curiosity got the better of his manners, and he bent for ward to examine it. " That's a powerful fine ring now." " Ifs a-a charm," said the other, rather confusedly. "That stone was dug deep out of the earth, and has great powers of attraction, especially for women." " You don't tell me so," said Mick, who didn't in the least understand the drift of the other's words. Mary left her seat on the pretext of stirring the fire, for the purpose of having a look at the ring. " Queer times," she was saying to her self as she went back to her seat, " when beggarmen wear rings, and poor hard working people can't make a livin' at all." " How are the times with you, Mick ? " said the stranger, as he blew a white cloud of smoke towards the ceiling. "Purty middlin', I thank you. Sure there's no use in complainin' while we have the health an' luck in the house." "An' sorra bit else," said Mary, under her breath. " You're a philosopher, Mick," said the beggarman. "What's that—a poor man?" " Yes, philosophers are mostly poor, I believe; rich men have no time for that kind of thing. Do you hear from your brother that's in Australia at all ? " "Is it Tom ye mane?" Mick stared very hard into the bowl of his pipe, as if he saw Tom's face looking at him out of it. "Ho," he said, after a while, "I didn't get word of him since well nigh ten years agone. Maybe he is dead—poor Tom! " " Or alive, and making money so fast that he has no time to think of you." "No, no," said Mick, with a look almost of anger in his eyes; "Tom had too much r nature' in him. He must be dead." Mick went on to tell reminiscences of Tom, his athletic feats, and incidents in which both had figured. " I mind well how we were standing, on a fine Sunday evening it was, by the garden wall outside. ' I know where you're going to-night, Mick,' said Tom to me all of a sudden, ' an' I'm going to the same place.' We were both coortin' Mary there at the time, an' it was to see her he meant. ' Let one of us go.' He took a stone off the wall, ' whichever of us beats the other at putting this, let him go,' says he." " And Tom won and went, and soon after he went further. You were the eldest son, you know." Mick almost let the pipe drop from liis fingers with surprise. " Who told you about it ? " he asked. " Oh, I-I- heard it," said the beggarman. After that Mick seemed disinclined for further conversation, and he retired to bed, while his guest prepared to pass the night comfortably by the fire. Sure enough the prediction of the beggar man had come true. When Mick opened the door in the morning and looked out the country rouud about lay deep in snow. A tree here and there or a building stood out in bold relief against the surrounding whiteness, but only serving to accentuate it. The snow lay everywhere, ou fields and roads and hedges, piled up to the height of four or five feet in drifts where the wind had carried it. Mick sat about clearing a path from the door to the little gate that opened on to the high road. When He got to the end of his labors he looked out on the wide white expanse that lay between him and the town to which he intended to journey presently. Already there were some people on foot, plunging doggedly on, sometimes buried knee-deep and extricating them selves with difficulty—most of them, doubt less on their way to Mass in. the town within. Mick, as he leaned over the gate, hailed such of them as passed near enough with a " God save you!" " God save you kindly, Mick, and a happy Christmas. Sure it's time ye were stirring out for Mass if ye want a place." "A happy Christmas, Mick," was the greeting of another. "A powerful fall of snow entirely; sure the poor bastes won't have a bite for weeks to come. | Hay will be dear in the market o' Thursday."' Mick , thought that it would, but he was not much concerned about the matter. The number of his stock was very limited, com prising, only a cow and a calf, with the pig and the ass. After breakfast Mick and Mary andlittle Micky set out for church. They proceeded instate along the path which Mick had cleared, but after they had passed the gate they were forced,to go very slowly, and un gracefully. ; Yojing Mick,, disdaining to be carried on his father's shoulders, was far aheadof the others, making snowballs and aiming them at ^hatever proved available as a target. • Occasionally, he would, drop behindifmd aim deftly at his father's hgt or his mother's cloak, laughing gleefully when his aim proved true. " Thatdfti is an imp," his mother would say; "wait till I catch yoa home, an'I'll tache yoa manners." ^ / • "Sure it's only: his fan, Maty. The gosoon is in spirits this fine, bright morn ing." Hick would turn back and wink know ingly at the lad, who grinned delightedly, secure of his father's alliance when his mother opened hostilities. Bat there is an end even to a three miles tramp through two foot of snow, and at last they were shaking the snow off their boots at the church door. There were many people present even at that early hour, and Mick made his way down to a place near the altar where he could hear the sermon to his satisfaction. Quietly and reverently the worshippers entered until the church was filled, crossing themselves devoutly before taking their seats. The bell tinkled and Mass' was began. All heads were bowed in mute worship; every heart was stirred beyond its wont with feel ings of love and reverence. The organ, under the skilful fingers of Sister Mary Stanislaus, pealed forth, serving as a grand accompaniment to the voice of the priest on the altar and the prayers of the people. The strong, glad notes of the Christmas anthem, s< full of meaning and promise, surged up to the roof, seeming like spirit voices telling musically of heavenly things. There was silence now as Father Meagher ascended the altar. In simple earnest words that came from the heart, not the Hps, he dwelt on the sacred career of Him who chose to be born in a stable, and to endure poverty and hardship, and finally an ignominous death, that He might teach us how to Hve. He told of His labors and works and living words that incite us ever to seek our better selves; of His love for the poor, and His promises to them; of His infinite compassion for sin and suffering. There were many among the preacher's hearers to whom Christmas brought little in the way of material comfort; more often,- indeed, only an access of misery through the inclemency of the weather and scarcity of work, but yet they felt glad of their poverty, and I am sure each of them enjoyed more Christmastide happiness than might be found at an aldermanic banquet. As Mick Doherty trudged home he kept repeating the principal points of the sermon, not so much for the edification of his wife, who gave signs of being won from her pre vious hardness of heart, as for the purpose of impressing it clearly on his memory, so that he might confound Paddy Neil, the blacksmith, who sometimes professed to be an unbeHever. He was about beginning the peroration as he approached the gate before his house, but he stopped suddenly short, for before the door was a cart laden with boxes and bags and parcels and pack ages, all plainly containing items of Christ mas cheer. " Where are ye goin' with them ? " asked Mick of the driver, who was fetching them inside the house. "Sure ye'll be only bringing them back again—there's some mistake." " D—1 a mistake at all," said the driver, Hfting a heavy bag in his arms as if it weighed only a pound. Mick followed bim inside and came face to face with a tall, bronzed man, who ad vanced to meet him with outstretched hand. As Mick took his hand mechanically he noticed a ring flashing on one of his fingers, and his thoughts reverted to the beggarman of the night before. " Don't you know me, Mick ? " asked the stranger. "You had a welcome for the 'beggarman' last night; surely you will welcome—your brother Tom!" Mick had a happy Christmas, but it was marred somewhat by the thought of hay being so dear, as he was going to add con siderably to his flocks and herds at the next fair. John Connolly. 