A Fatr Spi ritualist; " ' r . „ . i t. . OR ! w'i'< On — 1 — ?-r ' i+'VLtsVi gr—g ALL BIGHTS RESERVED. f ' - CHAPTER V.— (Continued!. r ' The girl's conduct has been s great trouble to me," Miss Caterwall was say ing. " if she had stayed with me for a few years longer I should not have (blinded so much ; but to leave me in that heartless way when I was becom ing really attached to her ! I know |t Is foolish to feel any regard for 'workpeople; they are so disappointingly lingrateful. But, then, I have such a flinging nature." "Who has been ill-treating Miss. Caterwall?" asked Royal Boomcraft,, Botto voce, of Gay FurnelL " Mars', the parlor maid !" Gay an swered. "Mary says that as Miss Caterwall will not give her the rise of wages she promised her that .she may fes well marry the butcher." ; " She must be a courageous young .Woman to marry such a sanguinary character." : The speaker wan a tall, very hand some young man of about twenty-two years. He had regular Grecian features, an olive complexion, keen, dark eyes, very white, even teeth, which he was fond of showing, and glossy, wavy iiair. With his shine of hair, teeth, and eyes, he looked all glitter, especially when he was speaking, for he had an animated, decisive manner, which would have seemed a trifle overbearing but that he counteracted it with a smile, .wbich he intended to be winning, and Which many people found captivating. Noting bis handsome face, and strong figure instinct with manly grace, his mellow tones, and bright conversational powers, it was easy to understand that his title— that of the "Lady Killer"— . was an appropriate one. 5 . Pew women could resist his fascina- itions when he chose to exercise them; and the few were those who required more than mere external beauty in their Ideals. . He was trying the best he knew to tender himself attractive to Gay Fur- hell, for he had a strong liking for the fortune she was likely to inherit, as well as a decided regard for the young lady herself, the latter a regard being the lesser, for he loved money. Gay was Captain Furnell's ward and heiress. She was that orphan child of the former friend of his who had saved ills life in the Elephanta Caves, and lost his own in doing so. Gay was doubly dear to him; was, indeed, almost the idol of his life. . She was a blue-eyed, delicate- looking girl, with fair hair, which crisped, and curled, and waved, and did everything possible to hair except lie straight. Her expression was gentle, vivacious, and sweet; her figure slender and girlish, and her movements unstudiedly graceful, so that she looked a fitting and well-matched companion to the handsome Royal Boomcraft, who sat fcesside her now, watching the play of light and shadow upon her beautiful face from the 'waving greenery of the bank of trees above them, with more than a passing interest. " I must get her promise to-day," he said to himself. " This is no time to play fast and loose. Not that Went- worth has the. ghost of a chance, what ever he may think about it." Frank Wentworth, the quiet-looking man, the third gentleman of the party, had glanced once or twice at_ Royal, Whom he knew slightly, and more than , bnce or twipeat Gay, whom- he would have liked to know better— well enough ' bp call sweetheart, and wife, in fact; and then became converted to his rival's opinion — that when Royal was in -Miss Gay's company, Frank Wentworth twas not worth looking at. > He resigned himself to the inevitable, and gave himself up to the easy and pleasant task of amusing the younger girls, some dozen of whom and himself went off presently upon an exploring expedition, while Royal and Gay mounted the grass-clothed bank near by for the purpose of looking at the View, as Royal mentioned expressly, and Miss Caterwall went into senti mental agonies over a bone that the Incoming tide had carried to the. feet " of Uu&party...; ' i "Where lies the shipwrecked mariner now of whomthissad rbliconcfef ormed part?" She asked in deep sadness of the (winds and waves. As those elements did notreply.thb august lady leaned back and gazed into Vacancy with wraptearnestness. ! Her pupils watched her with absorbed Interest. They knew what was occur- ting— -she was going to make some fcm Commenced Publication, Bept. 14. poetry. They had Witnessed her do it 1 before. Meantime Captain Furaell took up the bone, one glance at which assured him that it was the phalange of a horse, or perhaps of that humbler beast of burden, the donkey and poised it in his hand thoughtfully. He was thinking ?r. 821(1 of Royal, his grandson ; thinking anxiously that his grandson had a plan to rob him of his ward. Presently Miss Caterwall finished writing in her note-book, and closed her eyes with an air of exhausted relief. "Oh; do read it to us, dear Miss Caterwall T Now, please do!" arose in a chorus of young ladies" voices. "Oh, now, please! Your poetry is so beauti ful Y '"My loves ! Pray spare me! f could not do so, really— in Captain Furnell's hearing, at all events." Yhen will read it, instead," said Captain Furnell, possessing himself of the scrap of paper gallantly, for he saw that this was exactly what Miss Cater wall wished him to do. "But do you really think that it is part of a drowned sailor, Captain T' asked the youngest lady. "No, my dear, I think it is part of a horse's foot or of a dog's; itis certainly no human relic." How terrible the bed of the ocean must appear with the remains of the drowned people!" shuddered another very erudite young lady. "Impossible," Captain Furnellf an swered, with a smile; "the great den sity of deep sea water reduces all sub stances (human remains and all other) to atomic conditions, as deep sea sound ings have proved." "But do read the poetry," the chorus reiterated. Thus reminded of the sacred leaf he held in his hand, Captain Furnell read as follows : — "Frail, mortal relic of the dead, Calm lying on the ocean bed Ten thousand fathoms deep. What mermen's legends could'st thou tell, Could'st thou but stand alive and well, Wakened from thy long sleep ?" And so on through two more stanzas, each deeper than the last. "Poetical language is allowed a little licence, you know, Captain," Miss Caterwall simpered, after the eulo- gisms of the young ladies had sub sided. Quite so, madam ; the verses show great depth, if you will allow me to ssy so," Captain Furnell answered, re ferring to the- ten thousand fathoms, and privately wondering whether turn ing fact.into unfact was the rhymester's privilege and licence. He would have himself liked to take an elderly gentleman's licence in the, form of a siesta, for the air was still, calm and warm, and verse-reading has a soporific tendency, but "if you will pre sent yourself at picnics, you must be as youthful as you can, old friend," he said to himself, acting upon which in ward prompting he escorted Miss Caterwall on her way to join the juni ors of the party, listening the While to her inane efforts to be sprightly and in tellectual in her talk with praiseworthy patience. Meanwhile his grandson was upon the cliff above, looking at the view— of Gay's blue eyes, and not finding quite : what he hoped to see therein. "Why did you not bring Lina to day?".. Gay ss ashing., /"I could hot persqade her tp i£ She Tiadappointedto ..stance. 4hte::ja|trhn. ' \ eteusims-'teiy/tp tjhe ; tioh.jpf exclusion of mundane enjoyments. : "I shall certainly. ask to ; go $00, when I come « - >- ; >. t "When does that happy event take place?" " v "In a month from now— at midsum mer." "It lias been simple barbarity to the Captain to keep you at school so long. Do you not think so?" "No, I do not. Barbarians do not send their wards to school at all. My guardian is incapable of -barbarity. "Where you are concerned, I know," said Royal, , rather bitteriy. Gay felt. the . Change X in yis; jtoney ind became .serious. J.. "Dear Royal, it is not my fault," she said, in a thnlfrly protesting way. "If I could have my . way you and Lina should be first with and. everything to- him." :<< "I know, dear, and if you only will you can be the means of causing a per fect reunion between grandfather and myself." Here he took her hand and placed it within , his arm caressingly, "but M voir are golng to marry that "VTehtWorih fellow "Bear me, Royat t Y ou talk' as if T- were the Clergyman licensed tb marry. If I were do youltnow upon whom! would perform, the ceremony first?" ' "Miss Caterwall, I suppose, and quite time." ' "No ; you and Lina. The arrange ment would be so charmingly suitable; everybody says so." "I suppose then that Lina and I are nobodies, for neither of us says so Lina wilt always be what she always has been to me — as a sister— nothing more." "And she so beautiful and so clever ! You show a wonderful absence of good taste, Royal," "No, dear, for it is you whom I wish to have for a wife ; you before all other women in the world." "Gay, you know, you must know my mind and heart ; yon must have known it this long time, must have seen that my heart is yours entirely." "Do not say me nay ! Think, too, r that our marriage would be the most ef fectual means of reconciling grandfather and myself— not that I want his pro perty. I do not need it, having plenty of my own. And, then, I love you, Gay, dearest. Come, look up, and give me the answer I shall so greatly rejoice to hear. I want my old playfellow for iny wife." He took her other hand and looked down at her with well simulated an xiety. In reality he could not conceive the possibility of Gay ,or any other young lady refusing Royal Boomcraft; and his thoughts passed complacently on to rest for a few moments upon the contemplation of those additional thou sands of pounds which would be in his keeping when Gay should be his wife. Gay looked at him deprecatingly,. but answered without an instant's hesita tion. "Royal, I am so very much grieved that you should have spoken in this way to me, for I cannot give you the answer you wish to hear. I hoped we might be friends always, . and now, it seems, I must make you angry." "You will not refuse me, Gay!" "I must, indeed, Royal. I am not wishing to marry." "Then, it is because you have that Wentworth fellow on your mind. I sus pected it at first." "I have no more right to think of Mr Wentworth than you have to men tion his name," Gay answered, with a dignity that became her very well; "and I must beg of you to refrain from doing so." Royal was very angry, with the slow, cruel anger of an implacable man. His pride, not his affection was wounded; he believed so thoroughly in his own attractions of parson and manner that he had not considered a refusal of his offer to be within the limits of pos sibility; and as he was naturally vin dictive it was natural for him to feel vindictively towards this girl whom he had honored with an offer of his hand. He made two resolves : — She should accept him. He would retaliate upon her for her refusal of him. He threw the whole force of his will power into his eloquent dark eyes, and exclaimed in- a voice apparently trem bling with the deepest emotion, " Gay, my darling ! Gan It be that you will send me from you heart broken and hopeless? Think again, for pity's sake, dear one I You cannot know what your refusal will be to me. Gay, think again." But souls can never be attracted to sympathy by simulated feeling. Gay was distressed, hut she remained firm. Not that she accused him of acting ; she thought him sincere, and reproached herself that she could not respond as he wished. " Say no more, Royal. I can never.be yours; but I do hope that you will be able to forgive me very soon." She held out her hand and looked beseechingly at him, her clear blue eyes filled with tears. " Gay, dear Gay ! be persuaded." He took her in his arms, and would have pressed his lips to hers, but she wrenched herself away, angry now, as well as distressed. - Then, for one instant each made a truthful reading of the heart of the pjjier.. ier -eyes. . he saw an in-,' domi table refusal; in his she read morti fied pride, and' a desire for revenge. Hp to that time, she had seen much in him to like and admire; from that time forward she thought of him only with dislike. As for Royal, his love, or the feeling which did duty for it, turned to hatred and desire for revenge. CHAPTER VL— THE SON OF HIS FATHER. When they at length descended to the. shore, they found that a serious acci dent had happened to Miss CaterwalL She; had tumbled plump ly into a pretty deep pool of. water which had been left by the receding tide. This had taken the' starch out of her green flounces, and the" poet Ical velh from her mind and conversation &t; one and the same time and she could only express her senti- mentB. no w in remarkably peevish prose so it was hastily derided that she must drive home at once. This she did, insisting that the en tire number of her pupils should ac- . company her, to their great grief and Vfexattonr one of the daring ones re marking that -it is almost asad to bet?0te:|n4tbte3hl<fet oLydstr ic-nic- as in, tjjft midst qf. y emrslna; £ >f Gay, however, who was in her guardian's care, received gracious per mission to follow in less hasty fash ion, so she stood and Captain Furnell strolled schoolwards into Geelong at their leisure, accompanied by Royal. Boomcraft and- Frank Wentworth. Later the two younger gentlemen would take train into Melbourne, near which they both lived. Royal made no further attempt to monopolise Gay, but attached himself to his grandfather, while she walked on with Mr Wentworth. "How did It all happen ?" Gay ask ed, referring to Miss Caterwall's un fortunate adventure. "The little ones and myself had found a recess in the rocks about half a mile away, accessible except at high tide. Miss Caterwall made her appearance1 , in search . of the Iambs of her flock at the very time the tide was at flood, and slipped into the water as she was being assisted round a projecting part of the cliff by Captain FurnelL" That night two whispered legends . floated upon the circumambient air that; circulated above Dora Pusill's — the daring young lady's — counterpane. Mr . Boomcraft had proposed to Gay Furnell and had been accepted by her. Miss Caterwall had proposed to Cap tain Furnell, and had been declined by him. The first-mentioned legend, gaining the greater amount of credence on the whole, a deputation, headed by Dora, waited upon Gay a day or two after- ! wards with a carefully-worded speech | of congratulation, which had been writ ten out upon a slate and learned by heart by the spokeswoman, who, meeting the twinkle of Gay's eyes, straightway forgot every word of it; and threw herself into Gay's arms with the ignominious words, "Gay, dear I we are all so. sorry you are going. Won't you have me for a bridesmaid ?" "I am not going to be married, you foolish child. I am going to stay with my guardian when I leave school. What made you think I should be want ing bridesmaids ?" "Oh, because! Mr Boomcraft wore such lovely patent-leather boots and such a /sweet-looking maize-colored tie ; and he was looking at you just like the lover in the picture of ' Sweet hearts' in last week's 'Graphic.' " "People are not always what they seem, Dora. For instance, you look like a practical child instead of a very I fanciful one." I "I am so glad, Gay. When girls, are ' married they forget all their old school- | fellows." Captain Furnell was glad also when he heard that his grandson had not suc ceeded in gaining Gay's affections, and not altogether upon selfish grounds. "A shallow-pated, money-grubbing fellow, like his father ! He would be ill-suited to my unworldly, true-hearted little Gay. He would never appreciate the child, and his hard ways would crush all the happiness out of her life. No ! That would not do at alL" Whereby the fact will be inferred that Royal Boomcraft was no favorite with ; Captain FurnelL j Years before, when Caroline Furnell, ' the captain's only child, was sixteen years of age, she was persuaded into a runaway marriage by James Boom craft, the money-lender, a man whom 1 the captain refused to receive as a guest or acknowledge as an acquaintance, his character and occupation being alike obnoxious to him. The captain became reconciled to his daughter some time after the marriage, but never to her husband, whose ill- treatment of her amply justified the captain's antipathy. Poor Caroline died, and her death was followed a few months afterwards by that of her husband. Their one child — Royal— resembled his father in features and disposition, which circumstance shut him out effec tually from Captain FurnelFs affection. Jn the hoy he saw the youthfnl counter part of the man who had led . his .daugh- 1 ter into duplicity ; who had repaid her| fidelity tq himself with hkrshhes . and cruelty, and who had esteemed no sys- 1 tern of trickery and fraud too mean to pursue provided it brought him gate./ Royal Boomcraft, therefore, finessed for his grandfather's liking and regard : with very indifferent success. He would have succeeded better If he had tried straightforwardness instead of finesse: 1 The captain was perfectly well aware i that while he disclaimed his late father's occupation, he pursued it, secretly, with great zest. But he could not or would not repu- diateRoyal entirely, so the boy had. been a frequent visitor at his grand father's house, and had; been appre ciated as a- playfellow by Gay hp to .the thine of. her being sent to Miss date: wall's school atGeelong. . Royal lived with an eldef sfeter Of his father's, a woman who came as near being a nonenity as a living woman can. She recognised two daily duties — that of eating a luncheon and dinner of generous quantity aad luxurious quality ; that of making up the accounts. These duties being pertordpg ed she west to sleep, over a book or% pretence nf f ancy-workwit houteoneern hold imnates of the handsomehouse pituated upon the Yarra bank, in whlrit house they lived, and which was part of Royal's inheritance from his father. The niece, Adeline Samson, was Miss Boomcraft's , sisters child, an orphan dependant who atoned for her aunt's lack of energy by managing Royal's house affairs in a most admirable fashion, and who aspired to the ma nagement of Royal himself. This, how ever, was d&nied; to her, that gentleman maintaining his right most thoroughly, to manage, not only himself, but his cousin also. Miss Boomcraft, the aunt, had been known to declare in one of her rare periods of animation, that it was a dis graceful shame of Captain Furnell to harbor a strange girl to- the exclusion of his own grandson ; but the good lady's sleepy wrath made no difference tb the fact thath Gay queened It entirely Captain FurnelTs home as well as in his affections. He had openly adopted her, had caused her to be called by his name, a tyf had made no secret of the fact that she was to be his heiress. Royal had politically made the best of this to himself bad matter, and had paid conrt to the young lady from his boy hood upwards, which was perhaps one reason why she had no love fbr him, and only a very moderate amount of affectionate regard. She bad, however, a passionate liking .for Una.nsom, a clever, queenly girl, with splendid dark eyes, and a -persua sive Imanner, a -manner which concealed a dangerous "disposition, much as the death-dealing foot of a pantheress is covered with velvet. Utta'S heart was a shrine which held one idol— Royal ; she had one ambition: — to make herself pleasing and neces sary to Royal ; and one object in life— to win the affections of Royal ; there fore, she hated Gay, in whom she re cognised a dangerous rival, with fervid hatred ; but she could dissemble well, so Gay had no comprehension of her real sentiments, and gave her the un stinted affections of a very warm heart. Gay was just twenty years of age om the day of the picnic, and was more wisely sensible than many women of double her age, or than some women are at any age. She had her weak points, however, one of them being a disposition to un derrate her own powers. Also, she was slightly superstitious, very dreamy and imaginative with a con science ultra-sensitive, and a nervous, highly-strung temperament. Noticing her placidity of manner and quiet, .reserved speech, people generally did not suspect her depth of feeling, her capacity to reach the heights of happiness and the depths of pain ; how; 111 nr r p 1 j ilty fp Jo ; 1 11 influences of joy andngi mtive of good and il£ffd£|s.any kind; how prpn£ to Jhero-worsfe vfchich was taking the lroinb-vbrship in its develop iti&ainbodent; ado- rationSjiprtbylct. To givKj£iii|£> old com- panion, credrFo£b»»sr-Rs good as she was beautiful, was an error for Gay to make, for it is common with all of us tb measure the good and ill quali ties of other people by our own, espe cially those for whom we have a re gard. As "to the pure all things are pure," so to the hondrable and high- minded all their fellow-creatures are honorable and high-minded, until they discover them to be otherwise. Need less to say, how painful the awakening, (To be Continued.) 