[?] HEE MAJESTY'S-' WOEK AND WAGES.' ' Work and Wages,' produoed for the first timo last night at Her Majesty's, was a thorough suocoss. There wero a few extra long waits, but theso can easily be remedied. Tho play deals mostly with tho great labor problem, and dospite the fact that ths 6ubjoot ia just now rather tire some bv its oonatant obtrusion, the author has, notwithstanding' this drawbuok, pro duoed a first-class play of engrossing arid sensational interest, extending over live acts. If one were to bo oztra critical, thero iB too much action and sensation in it, but for popu larity's sake this is au error on the right side. Besides its strong melodramatic interest and exoiting stage effects, there is an element -of good comedy running through it all, and the final business in tho trial oceno of tho last act is first-okas. Unlike most modern melodrama, 'Work and Wages ' ig not dull in any act. At tho close of tbo first act success was assured, tho seoond was equally good, and the third, after the ex plosion, brought a unanimous aall for all the principals. Paul Eadford {Mr. Harry Plitntner) owns a steel and iron works, at whioh the mon are on strike. Tom Wentworth (Mr. George Eignold) is tho foreman and leader of the men, though ho disoourages them from all violence whilo trying to bring the owners to a sense of the justice of the men's demands. Ho ex presses a wish to meet the various owners, to lay his views before thorn. Eadford, who is jealous of him because he knows ho admires Olivia Graham (Miss Knights), whom he also loves, invites Tom to a drawing-room party, and tho guests are all enjoying in anticipation tho fun thoy will get at the sorry flguro a common workman will cut amongst tho swells of tho party, Tom appears, states his oase quietly (aa ho acts all along), his terms of settlement are refused with scorn, but even as he gets the answer the maddened workmen are at Bradford's house seeking rovenge. At onoe the feeling is changed, and thoy implore Tom to speak to tho men and save them. It ia too late, aud the workers enter the room, led by Victor Langlois (Mr. R. D'Orsay Ogden), a ' blackleg ' and foreign workman, whose daughter Eadford, wnue aDroau, haa marnoa ana aesorcea. loin stays the men from further violence, and paves Iiadford from Viotor's vengeanoe. Eadford's extravagances and general bad ness bring him into trouble, and as Olivia will have nothing to 3ay to him, and when Adele Langlois and hor father come in hiB way, he is desperate. He engages a man, the leader of tbo striko, to bring about an explo sion in tho works as Tom, who is finishing an invention for a steel that is to rival Bessomer, is at work. Adelo appears, and ho disowns ! her, her father threatens him, and during the altercation tho workman, who was j Eadford's dupe, fires at liim, wounding thd wolnan. The explosion takes place (most effectively), and Tom is carried maimed and temporarily blind from tho ruins. A moat Intensely dramatic scene results. Olivia, who is madly in love with Toih, has refused to marr^r liim owing to a barrier, whioh Bho will hot disclose, and as Eadford announces that ] Oliviit is his wife, Adelo appears to claim him as her husband, and the curtain falls. Stoppihg at nothing in his vil lainy, Eadford visits Adele in her lonely room, wishes her to Sy, says the marriage J with het was only a mock one, and when she refuses kills her with a knife. Tom, by iippoihtment, arrived to find her dead, and is Accused of the murder, but Olivia and Barney Flanagan (Mr. Sweeney) have seen Eadford at the house, and he is sent to trial. Olivia cohieS ks a witness affcsr the easo is praoti cally closed &nd; tells hor tdle. Tho point i.1 at onoe taken that she is the prisoner's wife, knd oan't give evidence against him. She iidmits sho went through the ceremony, but left him at the church, and as Eadford was married to Adele, she oould not legally be his wifo. The proof of the first marriage is asked for, aud Adele's father arrives with it opportunely. The prisoner is found guilty, and as the judge is about to Sentehce him to death it is discovered — his i'itoo leaning forward on the rail — that he has died ih the dock. Tom makes a fortune by his patent, and owns tho works iii company with his men. Mr. Eignold'a quiet but effec tive jjourtrayal of the hero is boyond praise, aud as Lord Arlingfoird, M.P., Tom's friend, Mr. Scott Iuglis is excellent. Mr. Harfry Plimmer'B Paul Eadford is jt olever niece of Villainy. Miss Knights, in the trying character ot Olivia, does very ftood workj'&nd; Miss Claudius scbres heavily as the foreign girl Adelo. The father, as poartrayed by Mr. D'Orsay Ogden, id a splendid piece of actiugj and he frequently roused the houiie to enthusiasm. In tho comedy line Mr. Sweeney never did anything better than Barney, and the Sally of Miss M. Phillips is first-rate. Mr. Stilling Whyte gets & lot of fun oht of the oharaoter of Ej?hr&iin; Moses, atid ail the other characters aro well filled. Thd piece is sure to run for some time. s s LYCEUM—' THE MIKADO.' Last night saw the hihtli production in Sydney of Gilbert and Sullivan's ever popular work, ' Tbe Mikado,*' tho Lyceum being — as has been the case right through tbe present season — crowded in every jparfc. The oast differs from that df October '94 only in the parts of Kaitiaiia and Pitti Sing, Miss Florence Young replaoing Miss Elsie Cameron as tbo elderly lady who is in .love with Nanki-Poo, and Miss Ida Osborne tailing . Miss Violet Variey'8 well remembered part of | Pitti Sing. The opera^ capitally mounted and brightly dressed; again went well, tbe aon oerted pieces being admirably sung, and all fe-demandfld. The whole p8rformahc& niay be summed up as a very acceptable and agreeable one. Miss Young as Kstiaha is sfet a hard task m having to follow so fine an exponent of the Character as Miss Caiiieton. However, an attractive personality, ti good make-up, and earnestness, added to hor vocal abilities, are powerful faot6ni ih her favor, and the young ttotressi acquitted herself with credit. Miss Ida Osborne, si lady of eifaellaut manner, is taxed iri & mthilar manner to Miss Young ftltli regard to her predecessor, but her well-trained ?ana pleasaut voice was so successfully used, espqqitil|y ijj ' lie's ^joing to Marry Ytim: Ylitn,' as to eiisure an etjeore for her, whilst her alternate mock timidity and frolicsome ways wero \vel{ in keeping with t)ie character, Miss Nellie Stewart fully sustains the ?great name she has won hero as Yum Yum, both vocally and from tho espres i sivo power of the notress. Hor singing ! of 'The Sun Whose Ea^B are all Ablase' j was tasteful and refiuod, and hor atnns | lug libfelo giggles and grimaces, to Bay iiuumiijr oi iuo wauuie, pleasantly ouioruu the sketch. Mr; Wallaoe Brownlow {is | unquoatioimbly the best Mikado we | have seon here, Ins well-remembered soug i being, as usual, warmly re-demanded. Mr. Joseph Tapley, who is now in exceptionally good voice, contributed ' A Wandering Min strel I ' with spirit and reflnement, a loud buret of applause making a repetition impera tive. His Nanki Poo was treated with every possihlo effoct. Mr. Howard Vernon ia an inimitable Ko Ko, and the fresh verses ' on bis list' went capitally, whilst 'Tit Willow' of course had to bo repeated) Mr. Lissant (Pooh Bp.), Mr. Fred England (Pish Tush), and Miss Nina Osborne (Peep-Bo), also did good work. Tho share of M. Leori'Caron and Mr. Henry Lracy in the substantial success achieved deserves a word of praise at onr hands. Ou Wednesday ' Tho. Mountebanks ' will be revived, and on Saturday next we are promised a treat in ' Madame Angot.' e e THEATRE EOYAL— ' ALADDIN JUNE.' Miss Maggie Monro's sucoess and popu larity are sometimes considered matters for wonderment, and there is no doubt she has a mystic power of attracting and holding audiences. But in her case Bncoess iH deserved rather than commanded. A thorough artist nersen, ner earnestness is lnieciious; ana, while she pays every attention to correctness of detail, the company in turn play up to the 6taridard sho sets them- Tli« production of ' Aladdin Junr.,' whioh was first submitted to the publio on Wednesday night, is a oase in point. Tbe burlesque iu lavishly yet tastefully dressed, the soenery of Mr. Jno. HenningB ia quite 'up to the regular standard, and the choruses, marches, dances, &c.;, are all O.K. Iu. the name part Miss Moore is ridiculously amusing, and in duet, or solo, or comic song she is always weloome. Miss Laura Eoberts is a very pleasing Princess, ana in her singing of 'Sweet Spirit, Hoar My Prayer,' she shows vocal powers muoh above the average. Mr. Oily Deoring is a very bulky and pompous Emperor of China j the Widow Twankey of Mr. H. R. Roberts is a fine performance, and tho rest of the cast is quite up to all require ments. Mr. J. Steele Robertson has written the work very smartly, and the piece is iu for a good run. When produced in Melbourne last Xmas at the Eoyal, 'Aladdin' made a big hit, aud ran for seven or eight weeks, aud as it has been written up to date aud looality, thero is no reason why it Bhould not put up a similar record, Oa Thursday and Friday there wero vory large audiences, and last night Manager Jimmy Mooro hardly knew where to locate his array of patrons. Yes, All&din;'a all right, truly. o . o o TIVOLI. Laat evening again saw tho above theatre crowaoa so tne very aoors, ana as xur. Eio tarda had a oaref ally-prepared programme roady for his patrons, tho evening proved highly enjoyable to all present. Tho par ticular sensation of tho evening woo tho appearance of Mr. James Norrie, the English tenor, who has already earned a most enviable reputation throughout Australia. Mr. Norrie who appeared in each part of the programme, WaB in splendid voice, and among other songs and ballads sang the now far-famed ' Sweet Mario ' to a delighted audienoe, who ap plauded vociforously. Miss Ada Dolroy, tho charming young serio-oomio aong-and-dance artiste, was exceptionally pleasing in her various numbers, and her serpentine danoo ia justly the 6en3ation of the hour. This olever little lady again proved horself the soul of fun in a muaioal melange, ' And That's How They Do It,' iu whioh sketoh Mr. James Boll distinguishes bimsolf as an undoubted humorist. Mr. Horace Wheatloy, than whom we know no better artist in his own lino, Bang a number of comic and descriptive Bongs with success ful results, besides giving a sample of his dancing poworB, for which he justly holds the proud position of being right at tbe toj) of treo. Messrs. Larry Dooley, Irving Sayies, ind C. Pope, as oolored comedians and end men, faithfully performed all that was expected of them, by appearing either individually or colleotivaly from time to timo during the evening, and enlivening the audiehoe With comic sOngrs and sayings. Mofldrs. Tudor and Friedman also had a iG r j laughable sketch; ' Ireland and Gbrtriaiiy,' which tlley worked off athidst muoh laughter. Mitjfi Daisy Chard, Little Alma Grey, tho MisiSBs D Ah'oy arid Lyiili, MiSs G'arr Glyiiii, Miss Lr.faoiite, and Messrs. Josephs atid Wadley, and a host of others contributed enjoyable itenla, and were instrumental in completing it pro gramme which would set the rnbst fastidious critic a task to find fault with. Nex t Saturday the Tivoli patrons are promised ho less a treat tban to have the famous and only Harry back again on the boards. Mr. Eickards has got a lot of new songs in store. «S 6 # SCHOOL OF AETS— 'FUiST ON THE BRISTOL.' Last night Messrs. Win. Cosgrove and Stuart commenced a season at the Sohool of Arts before a vory large audience with a new version of tho well-known musical comedy, '' Fun on the Bristol.' Mr. Coegrove ap peared as tho Widow; and was supported by the following cast: — Nora O'Brien, Miss Maud Adrian ; Dora M'Alister, Miss Marie Dunoon ; Bella Thompson, Miss M&ti;'d Fatiihjj ; Count Miiiiaggin, Mr. T. E'dffiOild Leonard; Oapt. Cranberry, Mr. HUrbcrt Asliton ; Thofhns Cranberry, Mr. Milford Haven; Richard Sparks, Mr. Horace St. George; Jerry Thomp son, Mr. W.tj. Allan : iiawicsuaw laeteotive;, Mr. Tyndally. Woll made-up, Mr. Ooagrovo achieved considerable suooess, and workodhard to koop affairs moving. Of those, to support hiin Mr. Leonard, Mr. Herbert Ashton, and Miss Dunoon were perhaps most noticeable for thoir character sketches. The chief feature, or one of the chief features, in this rollicking affair is always the introduced variety busi ness in tho cabin of the s.s. Bristol, and last iiigbt's entertainment proved no exoeption to the rule. Every turn was warmly applauded, and, with the exception of Mr. Horton, who did not comply, enoores wore taken. Miss Leslie, who haB a by no means bad soprano voice of cousiderable range, had to repeat the, last verse -of 'Call Mo Back;' Mr. Miiford Haven sang ' Onoe Again ' in pleas ing style ; Mr. Horace St. Georgo was heard to advantage in ''Rooking the Baby,' with its yodel rofrain ; the siBteis Failing appeared to please mucbly with ' The Grenadiers,' and equally so 'with a danoe; Mr. Leonard and aud Miss Marie Dunoon gave ru original buf leaque duet entitled, 'Whisky' — a parody on ' Glou-Gloa'— and sang it well ; Messrs. Hamilton and Horton rendered specialty turns, whilst the Mifisos Eita Eongh and E, Hedges danoed. When the curtain finally fang down it seemed apparent the large audience had spoilt, an enjoyable time of it. The same bill will be repeated until inrtiier notice. 0 o i* B. AND B. COMPANY. , Mr. W. H. Wallace wirfld us last itiglib ftdin Brisbane that tho II. Mid B; Co. tird playitij* to good bnainess, the firfit rtfiek; just endSdj beat ing last year's first week. The Missda GBfrdl diuef. Olllffe and Beryl Faber ha?e caught oh iu Brisbane; and have boon wfill rttiehrod. Mr. Wallace inforfriB us- that the fieiifcofl vHll last another fortnight, and then Newcastle will be visitqd for five, pights, a start being mada at the VjcvQi'}» Theatre on 21st jnst. The company wilj Dpeu in ftjelbouppe on Juno 1. ' st f « ESTY-1IAESH FAREWELL CONCEET. The farewell concert of the Esty-Marsh combination was held last niaht. SVPd P£r' hiips the most euepes'sfpl of the scries. Ttigro wn,n a largo attendance, and ftlmosi; over y item on the prcgrivmfpe -768 r^dqnifliPrted. Mi^'s E.3ty gavo a splendid repderjpg pf ' Ah Fora ^ Lui ' (.' Tr^viivta '), with ' Coming Thro' the Eye ' as an encore. She was also recalled 'For All Eternity.' Mr. Marsh did exccl- ' lently in ' The Lost Chord,' with ' The Loather Bottell ' as an encore, but was scaroely heard to suoh advantage in the 'Toreador's Song' ('Carmen'). One of the Rucceascs of the evening was Mr. Cun ningham's brilliant rendering of ' Ttvko a, Pair pf Sparkling Eyos,' given as an encore, for whioh he wag twice recalled. All tho othor artists did exoellent work. n o u MISS COLBOUENE BABER'S CONCERT. Tho grand concert organised by Miss G'ol bourno Baber on behalf of Miss Grace Free man — now lying ill at Prince Alfred Hospital \- — will take place at tha Glebe Town Hall on Wednesday noxt, 8th inst. The following artists have most kindly offered their support, and together with Miss Colbourne Baber will take part iu the concert : Vocalists, Miss Aunis Montague, Miss Edward Deauq, Miss Nollie Young, Mr. Win. Walslie, Mr. Arthur Doaue, and Mr. Edward Farley ; instrumen talists, Madame Oharbotinot Kellerman, M. Jlofcaco Pouesard, Mr. Edgar Straus, and Mr. Harrison White ; elooutionist, Mr. Lawrence Campbell. We hope and expect to see a large attendance, for quito apart from the objeot of tho benoflt, the oonoefct will bo a piultioalarly high class and interoBting one. O o o A specially gorjornis spectaolo — M Aladdin, Junior ' — iVlaggie Moore. Maggie Mooro thinks scenio artist Hennings 'The daddy of 'etn all.' We wont go as far as that, but H-?nninge,at anyrato, has thrown some groat' work into ' Aladdin.' Lieutenant-Governor Darley is a notable exoeption to tho ordinary every day Vioe iiegai Potentate. His Jttouor never enters a I place of amusement without paying oaah for | each scat oooupied. i Miss Boryl Faber, who in Brisbane took j Mrs. Brough's part of Eosamond in ' Sowing the Wind,' at onoe won the goodwill of tho audience on tho opening night. The Coueier critic is very oomplimentary, Ada Crosoley makea hor debut in London on the 18th instant. There are two ' Juniors ' at tho Eoyal at tho present time, ' Aladdin, Junior,'' on the one hand, and Geaoh, Jun., on the other. Goaoli, who is Jimmy Mooro's treasurer, is an ex-Melbourne Pressman, well and favorably known South. _ His last visit to Sydney was with the brilliant Sapio and Urso Concert Company the other day, with whom ho travelled as treasurer throughout thoir Aus tralian and New Zealand tour. On Thursday and Friday next the Amateur Dramatic Club of H.M.S. Orlando will give an entortainmont in aid of a fund now being raised for the ercction of a monument to deceased shipmates. The nautioal drama 'Bon Bolt' and a faroo will form tho bill, and Admiral Bridge haa aooorded his patron age. Fuller particulars appear in our business columns. A large mustor is expected. Ida Osborne received a warm woloome at tho Lyceum on Wednesday. The publio like these old favorites and show it. The proposed benefit to Mr. W. J. Wilson is gradually assuming definite shape. It is to take jjlaoe at the Theatre Eoyal, although tho date is hot jet definitely fixed. , We hope to see this affair well worked up, as tho veteran deservos a benefit, and, moreover, wants one. j Tlio Hon. W. J, Trickett will, wo understand, lend his valuable assistance to the movement. Signor Lttrdelli's comio opera ' Katherino' will be prodnoed at the Town Hall on Thurs- j day, May 16, with princiimls, full chorus and orchestra. The opera abounds with j quaint and 'tuneful melody, and is an un deniably clever effort of a clever musician. Signor Lardelli intoiids visiting England shortly with a view to the production of this and other hitherto unpublished compositions. For ourselves we can only say that wo regret the necessity of his departure, and sincerely ! hope that hia compositions may prove suc cessful. Veterdn Jimmy Wostis to be given a benefit at tho Eoyal ou Wednesday afternoon, 15th inst., good-hearted Maggie Mooro having lent the theatre. Tho old aotot wantB a good turn badly. Messrs. Lovelock and Dent's ' Dean De fenoe Fund' entertainment will be hold in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, on Friday, May iO, 1895. A first-class programme will be presented. Nortis's Cadet Brass Band has kindly consented to render selections during tho evening. The stroiiir man. who has come amonsrsb it a under the appellation of ' Greek George,1' will commonoo a season at tho Opera House on Wednesday next. The Greek will indulge in feats of strength anu endurance — enume- rated in the' advertisement appearing olse whord; — arid will be supported, by variety Artiste, including Mr. Fred. Gilbert, Messrs. Farron and Lester, Mr. j. E. Ebodes, aiid tlie Mioses Kathleen Leslie, Coiiiiio Lange, find the Hamilton Sisters. ' Greek George ' states that anyone amongst the audience who cart stay with hiin for 15 minutes without suffering defeat at Gi'ajCo-Eohiah or catclias catch-oan wrestling will be entitled to J350. The Government Printing Office Dramatic and Mtisioal S'ocioty will give an..eritdrfcain meut of draina, olio, and farce on Wednesday evening nbxt at the Eoyal Standard Theatre. Tbij chief itams to be Submitted will be the one dot drama, ' Anld Acquaintance,'* aiid trie-laughablo farce ' My Turn Jtexfc.' Tlie committee alfeo desire us to lot it be made kilotfn that at the request of a number of tlie members thby have docided to reproduce at an j early date tlio Oelobriited drama ' The Octoroon.' Mr. Jamed C. Giles i3 tha hon. sec. Messrs. Lawrence Campbell (from the Polyr technic School of Elocution, St. James's, rind Steinway Hails, London), and Mr. Harry Nathan (Guildhall Sohool of Music, London), will commenos a series of elocutionary aud musical recitals at the Y.M.C.A. Hall. Pitt Street, on Thursday next, May 9. Messrs. Campbell nnd Nathan will have the assiatanoe of Miss Edward. Deane, Miss Winifred Stratton (a contralto who will make her first appoarance here), Mons. Ilenri Stael, Mr. Owen Evans and Mr. Edward Sykes. Tlie programme to be submitted is one of interest. Major-General and Mrs. HnttOnhave accorded their patronago. Special engagements 'aire announced For j Copgqe AqiHwjm thjs afternoon. Tbe artistes .itioliide Mis£»; Maria Diipoon, MV, 1'. Edward ?Leonard, &[-?. tj^fbert Asiiton, Df. Lyndon, Miss Fiproiiue Lilley; and Professor Sfynes. A first-rate programing will be presented Messrs. Belmonte and Overton start out on tour tp-porrow- witii their newjy-foririad ' M^scot-to Vaudevillq Company.' The principal artistes in the combination are Mies Elfip Mori.Ua (sQprano), Miss Nellie Vivi&u; (scrio), Mi.oa Gertie Scqlthorpe (sorio nnd danccr), Mr. Joe Hamilton (end man and Bkp.ting comedian), Master Harvey (boy vocalist), Mr. Edmonds (comedian and clog dancer, &c.;). Michael Davitt will arrive in Melbourne on tho 18th inst. 0 ° The Esty-Marsh Concert Company will commence a season in Mel bourne at the Town Hall on Wednesday. 0 0 When'Ladv Windermere's Fan' was pro duced at the Standard Theatre, Johannes burg, recently, Ed. Saaa appeared aa Lord Wipdermore, Miss Bessie Rignold ao Lady Windernierp, Miss Emma Gwynne as Lady Plytndale, Mr. Guyton Heath as Mr. Hopper, and Mr. Britm England as Parker. ° 0 Miss j Edith Bland (Mrs, Austin Brereton) has boon engaged by Mr, C. W. Garthornq for lead. She t&kes; the pjace of Bliss Helen Ferrers. * * Mrs. G. B. W. Lbwjs last night opened at tho Melbourne Bijou for a, season of six nights in 'La Pompadour.' ' Eov. H. R. Haweis has been locturing at tbo Melbourne Atbasnum all tho week, last nisfhfc giving 'Modern Ghosts and Spiritualism.' tf'° At tile Melbourne Princess's last nljjlit ' A Gaiety Girl made way for 'Iu Town,' a musical burlesque by J. T. Tanner, Adrian Ross, and Dr. Osmond Carr. 0 * 'The Span of ijifo ' continues on its successful career at the Melbourne Royal. ' Molbourne theatre managers are doubtless not Borry Hamilton's Circus has finished its oeason in tho marvellous oity. 0 0 J. W. Winton, the clever ventrilo quist, has again caught on in Melbourne. 0 e Tho Permaiip last night appeared with York and Jones at {;ho Brisbane (5aioty. n Messrs. B. and B's Company staged 'An Ideal HU8band' at the Brisbane Opera House on Wednesday. ° Last night ' The Mas queraders' was produoed, Mr. Elwnod niakiiig his first appeanmco in Brisbane. ® w Jiliss Beryl Faber hus achieved a big sucoess as Rosamond iu 'Sowing tho Wind' in Brisbano. 0 a When Yvette Guilbert re cently appeared iu Naples a storm of hisaeg drowned her iirst lineB, and she retired amidst uproar. e 0 It appears the fiasco was tho result of a cabal organised by a was packed, and she reaeived a wild ovation. 0 ° Louis F, Nothersole, iu a letter from Cleveland, O., says : 'lam glad to toll yon that my sister's subcase in tho West haa been past our moat sanguine expectations, I have nover seon such marvellous business. ° ® N.Y. Dramatic Mirroh says Mrs. Brown Potter's Charlotte Corday is far from hptng a great hiatrionio effort, but her perscnality is always picturesque, and her acting u.t- no time commonplace. 0 0 Madame Soldene is to be accorded a bonefit at the Lyceum. 9 0 A company styled tho Mascotte Vaudeville Company— which includes Miss Elfle Morella (soprano) and Miss Lascelles (pianiste) — is going out West to-morrow. # The first stoppage will bo at Hartley Vale. Billy Elton began a farewell season last night at the Adelaide Royal in ' The Guv'nor.' # ® He deserves a slice of good luck, so let's hope his season will be a pros perous one. ' ° Messrs, Lawrence Campbell and Harry Nathan commence their this season's olocutionary and musical recitals at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Pitt-street, on Thursday next. u c A farewell benefit will be giveu to _ Messrs. Pope and Sayies at the Tivoli on Thursday night. ** * Miss Lily Dumpier aud Mr. Iiolfe are in Adolaido. ^ w Presumably thoy join Mr. Elton's Company. * * Dear old Jimmy Cath cart is with Elton. c * An amusing incident occurred in an Adelaide theatre recently. * * A farcical comedy was being played when at a critical moment a well-known actor's false teeth dropped out on the stage. * * It raised tho laugh of tho evening. ,f ? Goorge Darrell left Melbourne yesterday for New Zealand. * 0 Messrs. Bermtgo, Cosham, and Mayeur, and the Misses Marie and Mona Eatlibone, left for England by tho Orient. Mr. Clifton Alderson aud Mr. and Mrs. Roberta stay behind. * * Fred Dark i3 now with Maggio Moore at tho Royal, doing a taking turn nightly in ' Aladdin, Jv.' a * George Buller, resplen dent as uv ui, in a glossy, tall hat, is baok again from Brisbane. * * The little man looks well. * Phil Goatcher has praotically painted fresh soenery for ' Tho Mikado,' and has, as usual, dono Ins work well. ° * 'The Mikado' was first performed hereon November 14, 1885. ** ° The present revival drew ari enormous bouse last nlglit. * * Ven triloquist Winton arid Comedian Saker wired from Melbourne last night that eaoh had drawn a .£50 prizo iu Oxenham's last sweep. 