LITERATURE, Historical Records of the Colony.* Some uncertainty prevails regarding what is known as the Official History of the colony, but the preface to the first volume of the Historical Records, which is reproduced here, should make matters clear so far as the present volumes are concerned. It was pointed out in that preface that while the second volume of the History was in progress it was considered desirable to make a change in the plan. ' It was determined,' we read, ' that while the publication of the History should go on the records themselves .... should be printed in full, in separate volumes.' This its the work that Mr. Bladen has in hand, and, judging from the way this batch of records is presented, his labours are likely to be of ad- mirable service to the historian of the future, while at the same time they some what forcibly suggest how inadequate the labours of such a worker would be without them. This volume includes the public docu- ments having reference to the period indicated, in Hunter's administration. They give, in that graphic way that nothing else can, the atmosphere of the period and the true touch of the time. Here are private letters and State papers, journals of explorers, and reports of trials in the primitive courts of the day, convict records, Government and general orders, and a mass of such other documents as can help to throw light on the condition of the settlement in the closing years of the last century. And a curious and interesting picture is that which these old records disclose. It is a story of quarrels between the Governor and the officials, of the trading and distilling propensities of the officers, of the horrors of convict ships elucidated before the tribunals at Sydney, of the enterprise of Bass and Flinders, of the ceaseless interest of Sir Joseph Banks in the settlement, of Photo, by Russell and Sons, London. THE DUKE OF MARLBOROUGH. Captain John Macarthur and the earlier stages of the events which led later on to the deposi- tion of Bligh, of the Rev. Samuel Mars- den, of the gentleman- convict Sir Henry Hayes, of Norfolk Island and the New South Wales corps, of early settlers like Suttor, of the tribulations of the ' Scotch Martyrs,' and of the social aud moral condi- tion of the community which then clustered about the head of the Tank Stream and in the vicinity of Rosehill. A strange and colourful story it all makes, throwing a lurid light on many persons and circumstances of those early days, and oddly discounting some of the impressions formerly existing re- garding some of these persons and circumstances. The once commonly received judg- ments of Caplain John Macarthur, which made him a hero and a patriot of the Pym and Hampden order, have been revised of late years, but it is interesting to read what these ghosts of the past have to say about him. Hunter arrived in September, 1795, and before the first quarter of next year was half over we find him engaged in a quarrel with Macarthur, who at all times seems to have proved himself a contentious and pertin- acious correspondent. Hunter began by reposing in him a confidence ' uniformly conspicuous in every respect.' By the following Septem- ber we find him reporting to the Duke of Portland that he had to forbid Macarthur's interference, with other departments besides his own, and describing his conduct in one instance as ' an impertinent, indirect, and highly censurable inter ference ' with the Governor's duty. Then there is a long letter in which Macarthur attacks Hunter's ad ministration. Next month Hunter complains to the Duke of the rapacity of the officers, * Historical Records of New' South Wales. Vol. 111. Hunter. 1796-1799. Edited by F. M. Blades, Barrister-at-Law. Sydney : Charles Potter, Gjovernment Printer. 1895. Photo, by Davis and Sandford. MISS CONSUELO VANDERBILT (DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH.) aud of how they practised every means to frustrate his endeavours to correct their tricks and remove bad customs. They 'continually thwarted ' him, he says, and encouraged worthless characters into a state of resistance. In June next year Hunter writes to Under-Sec- retary King, of Macarthur, that ' there is not a person in this colony whose opinions I hold in greater contempt than I do this busybody's. ' Under specious and plausible opinions, he went on, this man concealed interested motives ; and he charges him with being dangerously concerned in the ruinous liquor traffic which made such a pandemonium of the settle- ment in the early days. In 1798 the Governor is found describing Mac- arthur again as a man who has employed the whole of his time in this country in sowing discord and inriching himself by means truely disgracefull in my opinion.' Marsden complains, too, of Mac arthur's "violent and shameful attacks"' on himself, and on the whole the gallant captain's activity does not seem to have met with that contemporary appreciation which later historians have ex- hibited. The voyage of a convict-ship of the period was an experience of horror. Sometimes the soldier-guardmutinied and made away with the ship, sometimes it was turned into a floating hell by the vices and unchecked cruelties of those in charge. The report of the trial of a certain Captain Dennott throws some light on what such a voyage might be like. The defendant brought out the Britannia in 1799. There was a conspiracy to take the ship, and he was charged with having killed six convicts on the voyage, one being a woman, who jumped overboard. For this the captain was censured by the Court, which held his conduct to be ' imprudent and ill judged.' The proceedings are also given here in the case of the Barwell, on board which ship some soldiers of the New South Wales corps mutinied and conspired to capture the vessel. Light is thrown by these records on many names connected with the early days. Among these are those of Surgeon Balmain, alter whom the Sydney suburb of that name is called ; Richard Atkins, the Advocate -General ; Barring ron, the reformed pickpocket ; D'Arcy Went worth, father of the founder of the constitution ; Ensign Brabyn, afterwards lieutenant, whose papers have thrown much light of recent years on the colony's early history ; George Caley, the naturalist and botanist sent out by Banks ; Grose, the Lieutenant-G-overnor ; Isaac Nichols, whose notorious trial occupies a good amount of space here ; and Surgeon White, who passed out spoken criticism on the state of some of the con vict ships on their arrival in the colony. It would be impossible to reproduce the references to these persons here, but the mention of the names may direct the attention of readers interested in the subject. Mr. Bladen does his part of the work with un- obtrusive efficiency, his references and method are easy to follow, and the material is presented in a way likely to be of service either to the student or to the historian. There are some copies of old charts in the volume, and a copious index at the end, by means of which reference is considerably facilitated. 