OUR SERIAL. I \- THE T1IAMP.' j J » J (BY MOSA). j Author of ' The Palace of Sunshine,' ' The XVuycii of Sin' Short hived -f'C. , ti'C. PART II. ' What a beautiful mansion is being built on the laud beside us,* said Mrs.. Lawrance to her daughter Blanche, as they watched the workmen from the end of their verandah. ' Xes, it is indeed. I wonder \\\ ho it is being erected for ? I will ask that gentle man with the drawings iu his haud.' At this moment ilje architect turned towards the ladies, when Blanche beckoned tohitn. ' Would you kindly tell us who is to inhabit tho mansion that you are building ? ' ' I do not know the owner's name, but this much I can tell you, it is for a rich squatter from New South Wales.' ? It will be a very large house, said Mrs. ijanrrauce. ' This is the building when finished,' showing them the plan. . — u gtuud building' to ibe sure?' ' Yes, madam ; this part must be finished in three months ; we are weli advanced with it, and as we have plenty of hands, we shall be ready in timo.' ' Are tbe people in England at present ?' ' I believe they are, and have been for about twelve months.' ?Thank yon for your courtesy,' said Mrs. Lawrance. He raised his hat to the ladies, aud turned to attend to his business. Rose just then joined her mother and sister on the verandah. Looking across the road, she noticed a rather rough looking man standing at the opposite corner. ' Look mother, what a poor- looking man that i6 over the way.' ' Well I declare,' said Blanche, ' he is coming over here. I don't care much for the look of him.' ' Never take a book by its coTer,' said Rose. Just then tlie stranger crosscd over to the ladies. He was a tall, well- formed man, with long dark whiskers, and dark . hair, in which the grey was plaiuly ' visible. He wore moleskin trousers, a ( loose blue jumper, and billy-cock hat. ] His blankets were rolled up into a s\vag- ] which he carried round his shoulders ' bush fashion. In his right hand he carried a billycan, in the other a colored iiaukercbief, which contained all his worldly goods- When he got to the front af the house he opened the gate, and walked towards Mrs. Lawrance, but before proceeding he removed his swag, aud placed it on the lawu with his bill y and bundle by its side. Advancing to. wards the verandah he took off his hat, and addressing the ladies said ' I beg your pardon, bat I was told that Mrs Lawrance lived here ? ' 'You were rightly informed. I am Mrs. Lawrance, and these are my two daughters.' ' You had better go iuside,' said Blanche to her mother aud Rose, and I will soon get rid of this tramp.' The man was about to make a hasty and indignant reply to Blanche's speech, but he refrained. * My business is with the lady of the house,' he answered. Mrs. Lawrance was standing as if she had seen a ghost. ' Well then, make your business known as quickly as you can and then begone ; as we do not allow tramps here. I feel inclined to give you in charge for tres pass,* retorted Blanche. ' Though I may be a tramp, young lady. I am, nevertheless, your uncle Ralph.' Glancing at her mother. Rose was immediately convinced that their visitor spoke tlie trath, and immediately ex' claimed ' My dear ancle, yoa are heartily welcome,' at the same time giving him a most cordial reception. ' Thank yon my dear niece. Have you no word of welcome for me, Fanny,' said he, looking towards his sister-in-law. 'Yes indeed, my dear Ralph; I do welcome you with all ray heart, but I was so taken bv surnrise.' Come inside,' said Bose, ' You must want a rest,' and before he could inter fere, she went and picked up his swag and other things, and carried them into tbe hall. Ralph Lawrance entered the house with Rose and her mother. While Blanche, with scorn written on every feature, tnrned into the garden, When seated at tea, Mrs. Lawrance told Balph all her troubles since her husband's death, and how kind Mr. Low had been to her and her family. ' Yes,' said Bose with a merry laugh * 1 and he has asked me to be his -wife. I am much interest in ns, is he not ? * * Is it Woolf Low who was your father's confidential clerk ? ' said Ralph ' Yes,' said Bose, * A wolf in sheeps' clothing, and I am the lamb he wishes to devour-' ' So I think, my dear,' said her uncle. ' And how have you been getting on all these years, Ralph ? ' said Mrs Lawrance. ' Why, like hundreds more jn the colonies ; good. bad. and indifferent, m orn bad than anything else. To make a long story short, I came home as rouseabont, aud arrived in London 6ome time ago. I inquired at the old counting house, and , was astonished to see ' Woolf Low, late Lawrance and Co., wine merchants,' oyer the door. I knew enough of the man, so did not trouble him ; and after a great deal of bother, I found yon out at last-' ' And what are yon thinking of doing f asked his sister-in-law, ? I do not know exactly yet, but as I have a small Bum of money left, I will, with your permission, take a few weeks rest, if you can find room for me.' So it was arranged that he should remain as one of the family ; very much to Blanche's disgust. But Rose was delighted, as she thought it would seem like ha ving some nrotectioa, and save her from Mr. Low's annoyance. ' So yon are going to make a guest of that tra-nip,' said Blanche; I certainly admire you taste.' ' Tramp or no trainp, he is our uncle, and in my case an honoured guest, ' said Bose ; 4 Your proud and haughty spirit will bring yon nothing but trouble, uiy dear sister.* * * * Three months had passe away, and during tbat time Balph had gone daily to look for work, as he said ; but always returning with the same story — ' No luck.' It was now June, and everything looked bright and gay, the garden at Bose Villa was in splendid trim. Jack, their only man servant, was very proud of his flower garden in the front-, aud the kitchen ^ardeu iu the back of the house, his great delight was to please Mrs. Lawrance and Miss Bose. * New South Wales is the place for a man like you,' said Ralph one day as he was admiring the garden, much to J ack's delight. ' What could I do among them Austra lian natives ? No sir, I like to be with people of ray own colour.' Balph laughed at the man's idea. But j after a long talk, and explaiain^ things to j „ ....... .. : seemed to dawn upon Jii-s darkened i elle ' According to what you say, sir, Sydney must be a fine place-' * Yes it is indeed, it has the most beau tiful harbour iu the world. It is a grand country for a, hard working man. Would ; you Ijke to go out to the colonies ? . ' Yes, very much, if the ladies were going, not otherwise.' ' Uncle,' said Rose, as she came tripping towards him, ' Come ou the verandah aud see what a splendid pair of very small ponies there are in front of the big house nest door, and see what an immense quantity of furniture they are unloading, r JtnUnvn ilypT f.i nip from Np.w South Wales ; for I saw a ticket upon one of the boxes they were taking iu.* ' Indeed, then I will come and have a look just to please you, fairy.' Just as they reached the gate, some thing frightened the ponies, and they made a dash away, but Ralph jumped the fence, and was just in time to catch hold j of the near side pony. ' Steady Dolly whoa Toby, now steady boy.' So patting and soothing them he led them back. They evidently kuew his voice. As the lady iu the carriage was thanking liim, she said, ' I thought they were quiet.' ' So they are,' he answered ; but these little creatures are always rather frisky,' She alighted while he still held their heads. ' James,' she said, speaking to a man in livery, ' do not leave their heads again, it was entirely my own fault for sending you away.' Balph gave % nual look at tho pouies to see that all was safe, then returned to the verandah. ' Oh uncle, what a lovely pair of ponies, and what a lady- like woman she seems, she has such a queenly carriage. I did so wish to speak to her ; she must have felt a little nervotis after the ponies started. How did you know the ponic-s names ? They seemed to know you, aud stopped directly you spoke to them.' ' That is only fancy my dear. I held them so tightly that they had to stop, aud tbat maj' not be their names ; but there is the lady coming out again. I will go and see her safely iulo the carriage.' He saw her safely seated, aud then returned to Bose. It was not long before the lady was settled in the new mansion with a great number of servants, aud a very handsome young wan also came to reside at the place. ' I wonder who the youug gentleman next door is ? ' Bose asked iter uncle. ' I believe he is ihe lady's son.' ' I shall soon find out my dear ; for I have obtained work next door to do odd jobs, and help with the garden, at fifty pounds a year, on account of being so fortunate as to stop the ponies tbe other - day. I am to start work to-morrow. I have told your mother, and she is very glad, as I shall be a kind of protection to you all. As to Blanche, she has not spoken one civil word to me all the time I have been here. I, as your near rela tive, will protect you from all the advances of Mr. Losv. Here is a small whistle, if at any time you require me blow three times upon it, and I will come to your assistance, as I shall not be far away.* (To be. continw.d). 