THE PIRATE TEN. A SALT WATER ROMANCE. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'The Golden Hope.' 'The Death' Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XXV.— (Continued.) Curiosity burnt in the bosoms of all hands, . . She was . the barque Queen, that had sailed' frorn Sydney; lier five ; people forward on the brig's l'orecas i!e knew her. swore to her, and twen tj- good dramatic reasons, each one a powerful imaginative yam, well cal culated, to make a literary reputation, bad been invented by the sailors to ac count for her lying wallowing there with the loss of her foretopgallant mast and flying jibboom. At this hour it was no longer dan gerous to move about the brig's deck, and Miss Mansel was seated in a chair secured t-% the quarter- deck capstan, and Commander Boldock stood beside her, with his long brass telescope un der his arm. The barque rolled slow 1t with a stately swing of her lofty spars. She flung wet flashes from her gleaming sides and submitted the model of a beautiful clipper hull to the charmed eyes of the seamen as she buoyantly climbed aslant the now rast lessening heave of sea. Two figures stood upon her poop right aft Boldock viewed them through his glass. ''Seamen apparently,' ' said he. 'Two only.' 'Her longboat's gone,' said Mr. Matthews. 'She's without a boat of any kind.' ? After a little the stern of the barque slanted into sight; the swell hove it, and there, under the counter, in long plain white letters, were the words, '?Queen, London.' 'It's 'Arry!' roared Tom on the brig's forecastle. 'It's William!' shouted a second seaman of the Queen. The brig passed slowly under the stern of the barque, and rounded to leeward, and whilst this manoeuvre was being carried out by Mr. Hardy the following conversation passed. 'Ho, the* barque ahoy!' roared the commander. 'Hillo, hillo, sir!' answered Harry* with a quick eager flourish of his hand, springing on to the taffrail to talk, then catching sight of Miss Man sel. and staring and staring with hands on his knees, as though he had lieen slain in «that posture by light ning. 'Are any of the gentry who stole your ship aboard of you still?' shout ed Commander Boldock. 'Xo, sir, thank God.' and some man on the brig's forecastle laughed. 'Are you two men alone?' 'All alone, sir,' shrieked Harry. 'How long iiave you been in this condition?' 'We was rolled off Halloran Island four days ago,' cried William, in his slow but powerful voice, 'and we've been a-washing about ever since look ing out for ships.' 'Mr. Matthews,' said -the comman der, 'you Lad better get your boat over and take your five men and re sume possession. Make sail and re port her condition, and keep within hailing distance of me.' It touched the spirit and memory of old times in this jolly red-faced gen tleman to talk thus. It was like con voying. It was like takingl posses sion of a, prize. His wide, crimson face beamed with cordial enjoyment as Mr. Matthews, soberly touching his cap, answered, 'Ay, ay, sir.' The Queen's boat was lowered with out difficulty over the brig's side. The five seamen entered her. Mr. Matthews, bareheaded, shook hands with Commander Boldock, looking as toe did so at Miss Mansel. The young lady said, 'May I go on board with Mr. Matthews?'' 'I will, with your permission, when this swell slackens, put you on board myself,' answered the commander in his lamenting way. She bowed and slightly colored; pro bably the trifling flush was excited by the expression on Mr. Matthews's face as he turned and walked to the gangway. He got into the boat with out difficulty, and gaining the ship's side sprang into the mainchains and gained the barque's deck. He order ed the men to hook the boat on ana hoist her at once. She was now their only boat and incalculably valuable, therefore. 'Have they taken the gold?' he said to Williatp, who with Harry stood by to receive him. 'Every ounce of it, sir.' 'What have they done with it?' 'Took it ashore, sir.' After a pause, during which emo tion worked briskly in the honest fel low, he said, 'All right, my lads. Help the others. . Til hear your yarn presently,' and while the men went to work with the boat he entered the He had expected to witness a- scene of disorder— broken bottles, broken mirrors, broken lamps and panels— illustrations of drink and a- vindicar tionof the enlarged human beast. For a number of days - had lie sat in the society of the ten gentlemen and 'had darkly guessed at their ideas of mer riment when tiiey snonld be let loose, with plenty -bf \yine for their heads and weli-sroeked cabins to sack. And yet, bat for a few emptj. champagne bottles on- the fl^ck, a little straw, a irine case or two, and a litter of un broken gtfass and decanters on the tar ble, the interior looked as it did in tie days of the nimble Trickle. Na turally' the njai£'s first thoughts con cerned his own property, and after a wild stare, this usually sober-headed man rushed into his cabin. Everything was as it had been when he was turned adrift. He opened a locker- with a trembling heart and be held/his desk, and lifting the lid he drevs put a leather bag of money. He lunted the contents. Whilst he Junted the men above sang joyously. at the boat's falls. He counted ten bank notes and a number of English pounds. 'They have not touched a farthing!' he said to himself,. He put away the purse and his face was warm with delight. Hard earned, friend Matthews, as you know, is the money that is got by going to sea. His sextant was untouched. Every rag and every stick of his little pro perty had been spared. 'I can't say after this they weren't gentlemen at root, after all,' he thought, as he stepped forth. Tet he could not be lieve that he was awake when he re collected how this beautiful barque had been seized one midnight by ten men, but not by any means unexpect edly; no, he was bound to think that — which consideration carried him to old Benson's cabin. He found the cot gone, and some of the tools for navigating the vessel were missing. Otherwise the interior looked much as of old. He peered into the cabins which had been occu pied by the Storrs and1 the other pas sengers. Here he found traces of in dustry. Portmanteaux had been opened. The contents of a trunk be longing to Mr. Storr were scattered upon the deck. The ten gentlemen seemed to have -wanted clothes, he thought, and probably a little ready money. They were kind to leave him his savings. This inspection occupied but a few minutes. Going on deck he found the boat at the davits and ordered the well to be sounded. There was wa ter enough in the hold to demand a short spell at the pumps. When he had satisfied himself on the ship's con dition he mounted the poop and hail ed the brig which lay within easy earshot. . 'The ship seems all right, sir.' 'Have they taken the gold?' shout ed Commander Boldock, getting into his main rigging to talk, whilst the rolling of the vessels kept the two gentlemen bowing to each other. 'The two men report so, sir.' The commander tossed one hand and looked round at Miss Mansel. 'Where is it?' 'Ashore, sir.' 'Then we must lose no time, Mr. Matthews. I will send four of my men aboard of you. Make all plain sail upon your ship, but not more than will enable me to keep company.' Mr. Matthews roared out, 'Ay, ay, sir.' The commander was addressed by Miss Mansel. He presently cried, 'Have you been into the cabins?' 'Yes, sir.' 'How is Miss Mansel's?' 'I should say by the looks of it ex actly as she left it,'-' answered Mr. Matthews. This stroke of news appeared to make Commander Boldock . entirely happy. Miss Mansel waved grate fully to the ship. Even as it was with Mr. Matthews so was it with her. Every farthing's worth of her proper ty in this world was in her cabin. She viewed the barque with the pausive gaze which Mr. Masters had so often admired. Memory arose in her, and her countenance changed again and again as she sought to give mould and substance to that black time when they had throttled her and set her afloat. Great God! did any woman ever undergo such an experience? She trembled whilst she remembered and looked at the barque, and then iier eyes met Captain Boldock's. 'It scarcely seems rational,' said she, smiling with sudden sweetness, 'that I should rejoice so over the re covery of my poor few effects— a hat, a dress or two, a parasol. Oh, dear, Captain Boldock, in the face of the mighty robbery of gold, too. And yet I daresay.' said she with her pen sive look coming on her again, droop ing her lids so that the commander was able once more to admire the length of her eyelashes, 'the loss of my luggage would be a greater blow to me than the loss of the gold to the owners of it'' Boldock courteously and cordially assented. 'When do you think I shall be able to go on board?' 'To-morrow, I hope.' 'Not before?' she exclaimed, with a start and a blush, looking round at the sun that was now hanging low nor'-west, the swell rolling in blood under him, and the sky filled with a thousand scarlet clouds of effulgence. 'I hope you are not in a very great hurry to leave the brig, Miss Mansel?' said the commander. 'I should be shockingly ungrateful if I was,' she answered. The commander said no more, and seemed intent upon what was doing in the barque. Six men had gone across to the Queen in one of the brig's mo therly quarterboats. Two had return ed, and the boat was hoisted, and Mr Matthews was now with a good work ing crew, eleven men hi a word, of whom pne was the brig's boatswain, to serve him as a mate. They made sail quickly, but the ship wanted sym metry. She could no longer glow in beauty to the evening sun. A star was trembling in the east, albeit the west was still red with light when the ?two vessels hiegan to moye. 'I'll hang a lantern at toy gaff-end,' shouted the coinmanderjto Matthews, 'and you will follow in my wake, and be careful not to' run me down. Let a bright lookout be kept, and hang a r}dng light somewhere forward wher-e we may easily see it'. This being said, the commander, of fering1 Miss .Mansel ljig hand, conduct ed her into the: cabin to tea. The tea things had been set by. a sailor who was gone. The naval pflfper and the young lady were alone. Miss Mansel removed her canvas cap, and sat down upon a locker in front of a sea- going, battered teapot, that had once been a very pretty shining thing, and poured out two cups of black' tea, one of which she landed to the commander, who, as they had no milk in the brig, used a little brandy instead. The dark table, a-gieam ^itii wear, was furnish ed with marmalade, biscuits, and pot ted shrimps, ; of which Miss Mansel and the commander partook.. ?'Our meeting with the barqpe Is the most extraordinary encounter in the history, of the .world,' said 'Boldock. 'But though she had ten times the value of the stolen gold safely stowed away in her now, I should still regret our having fallen in with her.' 'But why?' inquired Miss Mansel, archly, and her eyes, catching the hec tic of sunset lingering upon the sky light, and dying the flashes of the swinging lamp, looked unusually bright and vivacious. 'Is she not going to remove t/ou from this brig?' said the commander, tenderly, but with the tenderness that breathes in the lowing of a calf. The young lady did not seem to hear. 'Miss Mansel— but rather let me call you Margaret,' said Boldock', taking hold of Ms coat with both hands, as though some half-conscious desire to gird himself tightly for a business that was growing heroic, 'I'm a plain sailor, not used to 'bouting ship when the wind's fair. I think I can see a fair wind in your eyes, Margaret, or I give my word of honor as a gentle man I should not be troubling you with this speech. I am in love with you.' 'Oh,, Captain Boldock!' 'I am in love with you,' repeated Boldock, rising, and sliding along the locker to her side. 'You are the first woman who has ever engaged my af fections. I am not a rich man, but I can support a wife ashore by going afloat, and I ask you to be my wife when, God being willing, the two ships after this extraordinary traverse shall be brought up in Sydney Bay, where the barque's bound to return for re pairs and men.' The young lady did not answer. She slightly trembled when Boldock put his full arm round her waist. Yet this proposal was not unexpected. For some time she had known that he ad mired her, and she was perfectly sen sible of the abundant attentions he had paid her. 'He was a hearty, rough seaman, but an officer in the Queen's Navy, and a gentleman, and the spirit of kindness and good nature dwelt hi his wide, red face. 'You see, Margaret,' said he, 'that when you go on board the 'ship we shall be separated. I must keep to this command. Bad weather may blow us asunder. Nothing impossible at sea. Therefore, before I take you on board I want you to say that you will be my wife on our return to Sydney. Will you, my dear Margaret? It wants but very little consideration — will you?' His natural and - characteristic lamenting voice sounded with fine ef fect in this passage. 'I have often said that if ever I chose a husband it would be a sailor,' murmured Miss Mansel, keeping her head hung. 'But I am a sailor,' said the com mander. 'F know you are,' she answered, be ginning to laugh. I wish, thought the commander, who kept a hold of her waist, that she would shift her helm and head on a straight course. It's a fair wind. Everything's all clear, the road buoy ed, the very pilot aboard. He drew himself a little away, so as to obtain a good view of her eyes, and putting his hand under her chin, he raised her laughing face. m 'Now tell me,* my dear, that you will be my ?wife,' said he, 'and then I will give you a kiss.' 'Can I speak to you a. moment, sir?' sung down the voice of Mr. Hardy in the hatch. 'What's the matter?' roared the commander, letting go of Miss Mansel when he caught sight of Hardy's shoes, and a second later of Hardy's leering eyes, on the ladder. 'The mate of the barque's hailed to know ? whether you would like one of the two men to be sent aboard with the full yarn of the gold, and how the barque dragged and was blown off.' The memorable exclamation of old Mr. Shandy rose into the commander's head. He was in a passion at the in terruption, and said, 'No, sir. In form that ox-faeed mate that I can wait Tell him to keep a bright look out aboard his barque for the lpngboat, as it's not impossible that the fellows will put off in her from the island.' Then, softening his voice, he exclaim ed, 'How's her head, Hardy?' and then added, 'Well, keep everything piled upon her, and see that the chap astern don't run the pld bucket down.' The shoes with their bows disap peared, and the commander ^addres sed himself to his pleasing task, with, it must be admitted, a slight glance at a decanter of run; on a swing tray, as though a little refreshment just at this time would be rather helpful. He slided on the locker once more to the young lady's side, and again put his arm round her waist Her face was bright red, almost as red as his, but she looked pleased and happy. 'You'll give me your answer now, Margaret?' said he. 'You know nothing about me, Cap tain Boldock,' she answered. 'You sailors are so reckless. How do you know that I shall make a good wife? How do you know that I have not re lations who might be a disgrace to you?' 'Nonsense, my darling!' lamented the commander. 'I know as mtjch of you as you know of me, and so the yards are square between us in that way, anyhow, N,ow, my dear, I'm waiting, for I'm Jonging.'' He projected his lips into that sort of shape which the mputh visually takes when it salutes the brow or cheek of another- Half laughing and half crying, ajuj rosy red, the girl laid her head against as honest and warm a heapt $£ ever feeat in man's breast 'I will be your wife,' she said, and Boldock instantly kissed her. ? ~ ghapBFxxvi, The night passed quietly? It was a bright ?moonlight. Bight, g^d the. yes sejs,, clpfhefl ip cpJA sple^dpf, floated one in the wake of the other- like two icebergs cyer that desolate breast of breathing waters. In the morning it was '.Very fjxie, and ;tiie 'heaye of the sea almost gone, and when Command er Boldock went on deck he found the barque within pistolshot of his quarter. Itte hailed : her, and Mr. Mat thews, jumping into the main rigging and leaning off the shrouds with one hand on a ratline, made answer. 'Will you do me the kindness,' shouted Boldock, 'to back your topsail and send your boat for the lady and me, as I propose to do myself the plea sure to breakfast with you?' Forthwith the necessary manoeuvres were executed, -and Commander Bold ock and his betrothed were transferred to the barque. The boat was then hooked on, the yards swung, and the vessels proceeded on their course. After Miss Mansel had been sup ported over the side she hid her face and cried for some moments vehem ently. The horror of recollection was too great. Her heart was broken down by it. Mr. Matthews arched his eye brows and sent a dry look at Trivett, the boatswain of the brig, when the commander began to soothe the young lady. William and Harry came a little distance along the deck and stared. 'She was overboard and was drown ed,' said the Dane, 'and, by my knife, there she is!' 'There's people,' growled William, whose face was stupid with surprise and superstition, and divers forecastle emotions, as he surveyed the girl whilst she stood weeping a minute in the gangway, 'as can't get drown ded. My grandfather knew a Dutch man who was always a-falling over board from vessels he 'longed to when in dock. They'd hear the splash, sing out to fetch the drags, and arter an hour or two of sweeping and creeping up 'ud come that blistered Dutchman, quite unconscious, of course, but with so much of life in him that arter he was rubbed and dried his first words was always, 'Anoder half-pint' ' 'Good!' said little Harry, grinning with all his teeth. 'I tell you what. I have seen a ghost. By Peter, she is a fine girl. Look how she stands up at the side of that old cock with the red streak face. By Peter! Yonder's a splicing job.' Miss Mansel, drying her tears with one hand, the other being clasped by the commander, was conducted by her sweetheart and Mr. Matthews into the cuddy. She then broke away and van ished in her cabin. 'A very handsome little interior,' said the commander, straddling at the foot of the table, his hands behind him, and turning his crimson face about in admiration, as though he was in a picture gallery. 'I hope you found your effects intact, sir?' 'Intact to a shilling, I am happy to say,' said Mr. Matthews. 'Very airy and cheerful after the ca bin of the brig,' said Boldock, breath ing deep. 'Any damage?' 'They pillaged some of the passen gers' cabins, but you'll find Miss Man sel hasn't suffered. They had done their worst with her. They'd do no more.' 'The ? villains!' exclaimed the commander, making the sentence tre mendous by force of emphasis. 'Those two men,' continued the mate, 'tell a queer yarn of the fellows' doings at the island. Will you have them aft at once, or wait till after breakfast?' 'We'll breakfast first,' said the com= niander, who was exceedingly hungry, '/I am one of those unfortunate people who can't shift without ballast.'* They made the rounds of the cabins. The commander found much to say on what he beheld. The main hatch covers were then lifted, and they enter ed the hold, where for some time on their knees and hands they remained, viewing the wreck of the massive cas ing in which the gold had been stored. When they returned on deck a very good sea breakfast had been served by a Jack of the br-ig-, one of those useful seamen who can cook and wait as well as hand and steer. As the commander and his com~ panion entered the cuddy the door of Miss Mansel's cabin was opened, and the young lady made her appearance. Boldock started. He could hardly credit his sight. He had been so used to see Miss Mansel in her dressing gown that now she was prettily dress ed in serge trimmed as gaily as a yachting costume he scarcely recog nised her. She had put on a hat, a charming hat with an ostrich feather coiled round it. The gentlemen rogues had. left her eibin untouched. AH her toilet conveniences remained, and she had used them to her inexpressible re freshment, and to the distinct im provement of her charms. So there stood before the commander a well dressed, well-shaped, young lady, wi^h fine, dark, pensive eyes, and blushing cheeks, and white teeth shpwing as she smiled, and she was to be his wife. Good heavens! he ejaculated, in the impulse of his surprise and delight. He tpok her hand, 'and, raising it to his lips, kissed it with admirable cour tesy, then introduced her to Mr. Mat thews as his betrothed (To be cont|nned.J 