Evicting a Ghost. * A REMARKABLE STORY. Alrnrst every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement of Wandn, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. Tbe rumor that Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one nightfcby moat extraordinary noises. Tbe door-tell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house— not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long-drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He lUBhed to his employer's room and aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds, and gave an entertainment. Finally one of the men took out a small oval basket, which had an orifice in the top, and seating himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and when 12ia. or 15iu. above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the measure of the music. After the snake dance— or the snake " charming," as Europeans are wont to call it—the Indian snake-charmer walked around the house and among the Lushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole the magician began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noise came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam, then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rubbing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came fiom the hole and the "charmer" started back in terror, overturning the man behind him. Recovering himself he darted at the hole, and thrusting his arm in drew out not a cobra but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face, and horror on those of many of the spectators as he Btood holding the tip of the tail, and 5 ft. of the body was visible. For a 6econd the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted fin Hindustanee for the lookers-on to stand back, and taking a good grip upon the tail he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by iuch, 6ft„ 10ft., 15ft,, 16ft.,—18ft., was there on ends ? 10ft. of quivering snake flesh as large as a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear—at least, 20ft. in length— big enough to swallow a deer, and yet held by a single man. The native waB, however, not in the least discouraged. He clung to the tail, and as the huge reptile turned towards him with an angry hiss, he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, but if the monster could ieach him he would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from the house stood a stout flagstaff l£ft. through of solid teak, and towards this he was gradually moving whirling the snake faster and faster. When he was within 25ft. of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he came whirling faster and faster until the serpent stood out like a whip-lash, and then with a quick step forward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the " ghost." The trade in alcoholic liquors done in tbe British colonies on the Guinea coast of West Africa was referred to by Sir Charles Dilke in the House of Commons on Thursday. Sir Charles Dilke asserts that the colonies of Lagos, Sierra Leone, and Gambia, in Africa, largely depend for their revenue on the imports of alcoholic liquors. Mr. Chamberlain is considering the question of prohibiting the importation of alcoholic liquors into tbe British colonies on the west coast of Africa. By a statement in the House of Commons it appears that the British trade with the West African colonies has now reached the same value as that done with some of the important countries of Europe. A daily express train from London to Aberdeen, with about fifty passengers, now makes no stoppages .till Carlisle is reached, and travels for a time at 70 miles an hour. 