? Winners of prizes in (Jie Van Qiemen's land Bank lottery ore required to par stamp dotyon their deeds. . TIM two new English narTessels, Poweri ^'TiWe. wm each require a crew of 894 officers and men. A Parnellite candidate is to be put forward for every seat in Ireland at the forthcoming general election. Atml to reduce salaries of members to £240 per Annum is to be introduced when the Queensland Parliament meets. The Germans of Melbourne have - arranged to celebrate Baron von Mueller's 70ffi birfliaay on the 30th inst, by a supper followed by ftball. . ^ A German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered . a.text as follows:—"The ghost is ready, but the meat is feeble."- A small quantity of seed ordered from Etydney by a Euroa farmer was stopped at the Wodonga post-office pending payment of onepenny asCosteins duty. Wild dogs are becoming a nuisance in the Eoroa district, seven! farmers having lost sheep from this cause. One farmer is offering JB4 per do£ to anyone tilling them. The Charities' Commission agreed at their last meeting to xecotcmend the levying of n tax of S per cent on amusements for the - purpose of maintaining the various benevo-! lent institutions. A prisoner named William Carter, under sentence of six months' imprisonmsnt, while being escorted in a. coach with three other prisoners from Urana to Coonong by one policeman, slipped off hia handcuffs, jumped from the coach,^and has not since been arrested. Three the fonr children gisnfn birth to by lira Benkin, of Bold Hills, *on "Weddttday "night last, have since died." Subscription lists are in circulation to present MrandMis Benlrin with a suitable recognition of the extraordina^-birth. Tfiefburth child died on Monday night.. The quartet were buried together. ' «. A fisherman,known as "Sam Golding," about 37 years of age, was found dead in a" boat on the Hirer Murrumbidgee on Monday. Deceased was in the habit of sleeping in his boat, on which he had erected a small tent. The boat was noticed caught in a snag,' and partly filled with water. Golding was found lying dead in the boat, his arms peacefully folded across his breast. There was a kitten in the boat also, and its pitiful mewing first attracted attention. Some idiotic individual has been playing the ghost in the, Gssendon district, ,and the. apparition is causing nearly as much alarm as the Warrnambool fire fiend. He has a skull and cross-bones emblazoned in phosphorous on a white ground, and this exhibited in lonely places to old -people and ' children. All sorts of traps have been set for him, but he has succeeded in eluding the vigilance of his would-be captors, and one or two who have essayed to tackle him single- Banded hare had rather a bad time of it. Advices from Singapore give particulars of the wreck of the Spanish steamer Gravina, near Selanquin. The disaster involved the loss of 120 Iivrs. The vessel was lost on 13th May. . Only the man on the look-out and one passenger escaped. The Gravina carried a crew of 40, and is believed to have had over 80 passengers on board when she was lest. In 1550 the Abbey Church of St Peter, Westminster, which ten years previously bad been raised to the dignity of a cathedral, was joined to the diocese of London again, and many of its estates ! appropriated to the repairs of St. Paul's Cathedral. This gave rise to the proverb of " Bobbing Peter to pay Paul." For playing marbles in the street at Redfern on Sunday, to the annoyance of persons using to church, two young men named "illiam Short and William 41iller were on Tuesday fined 5s. each. The magistrate rtnted that he did not imDo. e the fine for playing marbles, bat because of their, doing so to the annoyance of others. An anti-vaccinationist, named John Crawford, vas sentenced to three days' imprisonment atthe Brunswick court yesterday because he was too poor to pay a fine of ten shillings for failing to have iis child vaccinated. He earns ten shillings a wijek, and has to support^. wife and five children. Warrant was stayndfor amonth d to alkiw him another opportunity to pay the fink 