ST. KILDA V. PORTS. PORT MELBOURNE WINS. The match between St. Kllda and- Port Melbourne wnn played on the ground ot the latter. There wan a moderate attendance of npcctators. St. Kllda played with nineteen men. THE TEAMS. PotlUon. St. Hilda. Port Melb. Baoka .. Hunter ... Crighton „ ... Janning ... Field m ... O'Grady ... Powell Half.barka Ataeu Morton ,, ... Hngan ... JobaaUm t, ... Phillip ... Gallon Cemtre ... Hobbs ... Drew „ ... filmpaon .. Frexme ,, ... Spllker ... Fitzpatrlok Half.forwarde Ctooah ... O'Brien ,, ... Colllo ... Carter M «« Clarko .. M'Gee Forward ... Lookett(o.) ... Fitzgerald „ ... Daono ... 8mlth „ ... Young ... Ryan Followers ... Stowart ... Gavan „ ... Cox ... M'Morwy ,, ... Blake ... Mounacy „ ... — ... Itoy Rover ... Bbaw ... Cornelias (0.) Control Umplro— Ryan. THE PLAT, St. Kllda having won the tons, kicked towardn the river goal. Ah booii as the ball was bounced Collins collared It, and got It well Into PartH' territory. Fltz- puti-lck, with a brilliant kick, returned It. The vlnUors, however, quickly broke through the local centre lines again, and Collins hnd a iihot. It was a fine well-aimed one, and a goal ncemcd a certainty, Fluid, . however. Intercepted It a few feet In front by marking pret tily. After some even play tn the centre, Lockett essayed a long kick, but only notched a minor point. A tussle for supremacy on tho oft wing ensued, in which Shnw was prominent, nnd then the ball was again worked Into | Ports' territory. At a convenient dis tance tn front Campbell snapped it up, and in a twinkling a goal wan sig nalled. It wan kicked up, nnd a dozen players chased the bnll Into St. Kllda's half of the field, and everybody grew more or less excited. Blake diverted the course of the sphere across the ! field, and Cox got his boot on to it, and sent It back Into Ports' area. Campbell was again about, and with a splendid ' drop-kick put It through for the second j time. Ports were put on their mettle, and commenced a vigorous and stub- . born attack on the vlsltore' goal. M'Ccc ! marked well. Then Cornelius tried ! once and Carter twice, nnd stIU no goals were. scored, the shooting being wretch ed. QUARTER TIME. 8t. Kllda— 3 Goals 1 Behind. ' 1 ; Port Melbourne— 3 Behinds. Tho second quurter opened with a few minutes' play on tlio oft wing, in which neither side did anything remarkable. Then Spllker livened up matters by a dashing run for goal, and Campbell \- undcavorcd to ruah another goal, but 1 didn't manage It this time. A bunch of players from, both sides then went whirling around the field, and Fitz gerald wishing to give some pont to Lhcl play, snapped it up and had a try.. IIo faltcd to do Iho needful, and Smith, whose chance was oven a better one,' a moment later, had to be content with a minor point. The active Archio . M'Murray, as If ashamed of such poor 'achievements, next caine Into possess- ion. marking from Jack Gavan. and t registered one ot the prettiest goals of 1 tiie game. Shaw was active on tho whig, and Cornelius marked nicely In the centre, while Spllker, on the other side, won admiration now and then for tho way he would dash goalwards with the ball, out-running nit his pursuers, and then passing It to one of his col leagues. Ports worked It along close to Saints' goal again, but again the kick ing was crooked, and Cornelius, At'Gce, and Johnston failed to score, (hough the distances to covor wcro ensy enough. HALF TIME. St. Kllda-2 Goals 1 Behind. Port Alolbournc— 1 Goal fi Behinds. THREE-QUARTER TIME. : Port Melbourne— 2 Goals 8 Behinds. St. KtldUr-2 Goals 3 Bohinds. . The FINAL Result was— Guam. Bxinsn. Part Melbourne 4 15 St. Kilda ... 8 3 1 GOAL-KICKERS. Part Melbourne— il'Murruy (3), Gavan. St. Kilda— Campbell (2), Lockott Among (he Qucrn'n treasures aro two solid silver tea tables kept at Windsor Castle. ficlentlsts say that if the hod of tho Pacific Ocean could be seen it would disclose to view several mountains with truncated tops scattered over It. .Those mountains would he perfectly hare ul their base, and all round their tops lliey would he covered with beautiful vegetation of corn! polypi. About one o'clock this morning Con stable Conroy, who was on duty In York street, Richmond, 'hm! his attention di rected to an appearance which accorded very well with tlmt assumed by the in dividual who has liccu frightening ner vous old Indies nnd timid children in other suburbs. Tlio constable gave chase, hut though pretty smart on ids feet, lie could not pace with the ghostly visitant, whu wan soon far away. The affair ban revived the ghost scare in Richmond. 