Young KhosMvitlkcr ErrlnRton liatl a nnrrotv <.>.scii|u% It wus hin good for tune to fitci! tt police nmKlHtnile In pleiiKunt htitnor. Hud Mr Keogh clmncud to be out of snrls lie mlht, us be was fully entitled lo, have held that KrrliiKfon'n public doliiKH coiiHllluted "iBNtiliiiiK l«eliuvlor," an thai tertn in a conveniently expansive nnd much-cm- bnicinK one. We tnny allow tliul par ticular defeinlaiit to Ret buck to obli- : vlon, a wiser youth limn lie wus, let us hope. I)» not, however, let any mis taken Idea Ik; entertained hy persouB who, mounted on "pueumiitlc skates,' " or whatever they limy be, are playing the fool in sonic of the oilier suburbs. Mr IveriRit pointed to the danger of Hiieh persons Incurring: Hunmiary ehas- tlHemeut. It is well to hear that In mind, nnd lo recollect thai it includes the off chance of behif; sliot dead t»y Nomu iiuliKimnt clll/.en. A coroner's Jury would probably docluro Hie de cease of n "Klmst" under such circum stances to tie a "death from the visita tion of I'rovldeneo !" Ilut there Is an other jierll. Women have liecn Heurtsi to death by persons piayiiiK "KhoBt." In hucIi m» cvcntimllly tho culprit, If eauRht, wotild certainly find himself oti trial for maiiHluuithter. We hope we siiuli hear no more of this ridiculous husincHH. The K'unu Isn't wortli the uutphur ! Those ofllcla! vtsltors to the Lake Wendoureo Lunatic Asyluin who nru cnunliiK Hitch n fuss nbout the amount of clotliliiK worn by the ptilleiits are wickedly unconventional. Why, rlaht clear back to tlie days wheu Nlmrod estab lished il lunatic asylum at Hie foot of the Tower of lhibel— there are per sons who may wonder how they have hitherto missed this fact of history— the business of tho "olllclul visitor" has been simply to visit. Mom than that nolxuly has over dreamt of cxiieetlnK- "What Is no arcltdeticouV" was per fectly answered by Sydney KmlUi. "A person who discharges arehitlhieott- til fiiiielloiis," was Ids tleftnltlon. And had nnybody t'.sketl us yesterday what an olllclul visitor was we should un- hesllnthiKly have replied, "tine who performs visitations." It will he seen, (hen, that the Hnllanil folk's have ruth lessly broken through traditions and uimlo Ihemrelves unpleasantly excep- tionnl. The hIrIiI of a unmlier of wrel- chcil luiuitlcs Hhlverlm; In their scanty dole of Stale clothing lias roused them, lust as though anybody cared a Duke of WellliiKlon's "tuppeiiy diimn" whe ther u lunatic more or less Hldvered or not. We suppose, however, Ikero will be "maudlin hnmnuHarkiti" per sons, dcefdy permeated with the "vice of pity," (o applaud thesu visitors, and express earnest hopes that others, reaj- ly cliai'Rcd with Inttpeclonil work, will leai-u from them a. now reuse of duty. When wo count lo think of It, our own plain duty, rimulujf in perfect accord with inclination, Is lo plump for the ImumultarlauH. All honor to thai tra- ditlon-brenkliiH board of visitors! Wtiea not actually absorbed in the contemplation of massive blocks of Oregon, or coquetting with such trl- iles as "hickory rims, spokes, uud fcl- loin," our pollllehtiis turn their Raze northward, ami wonder what uext lu the moiher colony. Them Is news on tln« subject to-day. Mr Iteid Is to open proeccdlnKri l»y imiklnj,' about a dozen appointments to the nominee Legls- lativc Council, (if course, Hie novl homines will ho Heidltes to a man, and pledged lo do tho will of their chief, That, in the present circumstances. Is to vole the Council as It Is out of exis tence. Not bcltiR a party newspaper, "Tho Herald" expresses no opinion as lo t.he propriety of the course Mr Held Is udopthiK. The point Is that the nom inee system not only makes such u course possible, but renders It Impera tive should the Mouse decline to accept Hie verdict of the people. In point of fad, the "constituency'1 of a nominee Couuc'll is merely the Government, of tho day. AHsuinintf that the consent of the Coventor Is to ho obtained, the Ministry Is all powerful. It may lie for Rood; obviously, It may also bo for ovll. The effect of tho sudden Infusion of new blood- Into the veins of that nimiiKt legislative body vhlch.Mr Held has undertaken to bring to subjection will be watched with an Interest that should avert dulness from New South Wales politics for some time. It is njelaocholy to road of the pans- Inc out Into the night of those two great sod valiant Knights, Sir Hcury Parke and Sir George Dlbbs. Tbo former, wq are told, has "quite \r- Hred from public life," and the latter, H Is dcelurcd, "Is living quite apart from the political world." The stars of hqth these Blalesmen were wont to gleam brightly In the Urmamcnt of politics, each dazzling each. Hut the lustre of the great new Itch! star 1ms eclipsed them so completely that tliey are uo longer to t>e seen at all. Sir Ilenry. we doubt not. will write more poetry nlnml Ids "Ragged Jane" and other heroines Of Ids lively imagina tion, while Sir George will betake him self once more to his workshop, under a Bprondlug guru'trec, there, "apart from the jiolltlrnl world," to repent of his many big D's In silence and alone. It Is ull very sad, but not wholly nulu- structlve. Each of these men has held high olliee as Premier, one rejieatedly; each has felt the full sensation of power and rejoiced that the jx'ople's representnllvcH put confidence In him. Now, lu respect to Sir llenry Parkes It seems to bo taken for granted that he lias already had more than a fair tu- nings, and nobody dreams of getting out and letting him lu; while the only hope of Sir George Dlbbs getting buck to Parliament Just now Is centred In the slight chunee of Mr Crulekshuuk's vacating Ids seat for Inverell in favor of the deposed leader. Truly, there Is uothlng more sudden anil complete than the eclipse of a polltlclau, and no Held so full of bluer rcl/jiffs and dls- upiHiintmeiits than tliut lu which Ids ambition ror.mx Now, a man like W. ti. Grace— but perhaps we hod better uoi pursue the subject further. Our Dr Thomas ltownu has tried his political fortuuu In County Down, and comes out of the test very soundly beaten. Defeat evidcutly bus no charm for him, and he couches a letter to those who voted for hltn lu terms ro bust enough, It Is plain, hut hardly good-natured. The doctor has, true to his professional Instincts, diagnosed Down. And he arrives ut the conclu sion that Ids situation on the poll is not due to tiny want of lltuess on bis own part, either ou the score of charac ter uud ability, or of acceptable politi cal principles, but lo quite dlffereut circumstances. The doctor, we are told, " attributes his defeat to Ignorance, superstition and Illiterate .brute force." There's an ludlctmeut against Down ! How very severe lhu doctor Is ! Yet, of course, it Is a loftily pitying sever ity, not one that blames. Dr Rowan does not suy that the Down electors arc dishonest or corrupt, therefore we nru to assutiiu that be found tliem true, pure-mluded uiul straightfor ward: But they are "Iguorant" enough to hold to other Ideals, other principles, thnu those which the doctor minora wail xus pairouage, ,ijc, iin-j are even "superstitious," It seems, in their reverence for such Ideals. Utter ly wrong, we cannot hut admit, seeing that the doctor litis said It 1 As for tho "Illiterate brute force" factor, one gropes a little after the true Inward ness of the doctor on thut head. It may be assumed Hint, there »rc lu Down people who. from force of social circumstances, are Illiterate. Dowu Is hardly exceptional In tliut-imrtlcular. But, let us ask Ibe fastidious Univer sity man. Is thut a reproach to' those people or to cultivated society ? If Dr Rowan wan not so angry— for lie Is u warm-hearted man— lie would lie more genorous to those less furtuimtu than himself. 