! THE SCRAP ALBUM. I j' I .speak with the weight of eighty winters on my head,' — Parkes. How far are we off federation? 'Are we 'off' federation atoll? Mr. B. R. WiBe is receiving an extraor dinary amount of attention. Go to Stevenson's for the oheapest and best of fruits* Tho solidarities number 12— seven pro tectionists and five freetraders. Merchants have loss goods in stock now, than they had 30 years ago. Reason — tariff turmoil. N.S.W. is suffering from a plethora of politioal opinions. We desire to recommend to all — Arnott's milk arrowroot bisouits.* A telephone office has boen opened at Bomaderry railway staiion. The S.M. Herald payB £2 2s for an ac cepted leader. It has the largest leader staff of any Australian daily. ' Warrants are expected to issue imme diately the Dean inquiry ia concluded. A Sydney society girl has shocked swell dom by a matrimonial alliance with a policeman. The Dean oase is uglier than ever. The revelations of ' Yorky Bill ' and others are very degrading to humanity. An advertisement in this issue Invites tenders for the erection of a residence near Albion Park for Mr. John Russell. The annual tea-mee'ing in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church will be held to-morrow evening. We have just received a splendid assort ment of winter boots .and shoes, warm slippers, etc. D. A. and Hy. M'Donald.* In several cases of diphtheria in diffe rent parts of the district recently the new specific anti-toxin has boon administered with much success. Sir Henry Parkes rarely replies to a letter he receives. ' I tsar nr- mv corres pondence and let it answer ii self, ' he ex plains. A marriage was solemnised under a tree on the shores of a picturesque portion of Sydney harbor the other day. Madame Melba once gave a concort in Sydney. Her share was thirty shillings.' Somewhat different to her present fee— £200. Ladies 1 Be sure and ask for Ohadwick's Sewing Cotton. Best in the market.* It is said Dalley used to write the speeches of Lord Carrington, while Mr. Arthur Gallon was the vocal ghost of Go vernor Duff. Hence the difference. Mr. Schey uses the aspirate in such words as ' honorable ' and ' humble.' Otherwise' his socialistic sentiments are grammatical. Tyres cut at W. Dwyer's coaoh factory on Tuesdays.* A political society paper, as a counter blast of the Bulletin, is to bo established in Sydney. The capital oomes from Adelaide. Another chunk of law. The other day two carriers collided and injured a horse. When the case was concluded, one man lost £10 as well as his horse', while the defen dant paid over £50 in costs. The sweetest, purest, most' delicious and best biscuits are Arnott's milk arrowroot.* A brother of the bravest of the bush rangers — Ben Hall— is a prominent' member of the Salvation Army at Parkes. ,' The debate on the motion of censure proves N.S.W. to be a hot-bed of politics. The Victorian Assembly, long in the lead, hsB drifted into the background. According to Wragee, the weather tip ster, the unwelcome drought in the country for the last few months is approaching its end, and a spell of wet weather is upon us. The Bociety. lady of Vienna, with a pen chant' fot poisoning people, baa been re prieved. by the way, Mrs. Maybrick was reported to be dying three years ago, but prison diot must agree with her aristocratic constitution. Fireworks 1 L. L. Earl's is the wholosalo depot in Wollongong. . All goods at Sydney prices,* Sir Henry Parkes' income is about £16 a week. £300 a year as a member of Parliament and £500, an annuity from the estate of the late Edward Flood. Sir Henry is not smart at repartee. . He excelB, though, in deliciously sarcastic description of the disposition of any member who arrests his attention by interrupting him. The political and legal firebrand. Mr-Crick was fairly maddened by the Premier on' Thursday. He w®a acoused of 'hanging on the lips of Sir Henry.1' Mr. Crick does not like1 to be called a ' hanger on.' Now, is your time to purchase good and oheap boots and shoes, as we have to clear out many lines regardless' of cost, to make room for goods arriving. D. A. and Hy. M'Donald.* 'An. amiable. maid of 62, well known in Sydney social circles, is to be married shortly to the man she loved whon she was in her teens. He has a large family, nearly every one of whom is married. An awful rumor, was ourrent last year that Sydney was 'built upon' a network of deadly microbe' channels — the sewers— and that the microbe germs might plague the air and produce a pestilence' at any moment. The Sewerage - Board have in vestigated and proved the feeling fictitious. Miss J. Reynolds, teaoher of. piano, ; violin, and harmony. Pupils 'prepared for Trinity College, London, and Sydney ex aminations. Church-street Ball, Friday afternoons and Saturdays. .Sydney.address, 480, Dowling-street, Moore Park,* . .... Recently quite a contingent of Victo rians have been arrested in Sydney for crim inal assaults. The prosecutions broke down in every case. Yet the authorities have not proceeded against the women for perjury. Mr. Keid has promised support to the iron industry. An English syndioate' has £500,000 awaiting investment in this direction. The soheme will give employ ment to 0000 men and boys. - Ultimately, it is expected to provide work for 60,000 handB. This is something like a project. Ex-members of Parliament may be seen in the streets of Sydney eagerly discussing the joyful possibilities of an early dissolu tion. Their credit is appreciating rapidly, and money lendors endorse their bills with, less procrastination. . Ladies ! Do you appreciate the beauty of a perfect corset ? Nothing sets off a lovely figure to advantaee more fascinat ingly than a well shaped corset. It has been the dream of the world's modistes to supply this desire. The ' Yaxom ' is the latest and most approved design from fash ionable Paris. Guaranteed whalebone throughout. Sent carriage free to any part of N.S.W. on reoeipt of size, etc., and postal ' order' for 10s. Address, Madame Leila, Kidman's Buildings, York-street, Sydney.* A picnio oricket match takes place on the Woronora ground on Friday next (Queen's Birthday) between a team from Sherbrooke and a team from Dapto. The following will represent Sherbrooke A. A. Brown, E. C. Brown, W. G. Brown, T. W. Brown, A. O. Brown, T. L. Williams, G. Wales, J. Fpitz, G. Blinkco, H. Wilson, J. Haberley, J?. Fritg, and H. Phillips. Nothing tporo delirious, ' or l?ottop If) r children, than Arnott's milfc arroisrrqQt bis: cuita.* A very interesting wedding was cele brated in tho Wosloyan Church _ lasfc night, whon Miss J. Cheney was united ;to Mr. - Frank Wiseman, in tho presonco of about 250 spectators. Mr. W. Ivorr, Bulli, is the successful tenderer for the ereotion of a weatherboard cottage at B*teman's Bay for use as a post and telegraph office, the amount of the ten der being £139 17s Gd. In the 'New South Wales Defence Force Gazotto ' of Tuesday wo notico that Lieutenant .Charles lid ward Egloso has been promoted to bo captain in tho New South Wales Lancors, vice Pringle, seconded. The_ procession and entertainment last night in connection with the local lodge of D.ruids attraoted a numerous gathering of people, and proved very successful. O.wing to, the late hour at which the entertainment concludod our report is held over till Saturday. Yesterday aftornoon, at the Commerciol Hotel, theOO-acre farm known asFlanagan's, situated at, Fairy Meadow was put up for public auction by Mr. C. F. Smith. There was a large attendance, but the bidding throughout was very slow. The highest offer was £13 15s per ?- hi. vrs considered too low. The ..-tori-v ?. ..id that he would hold th- .,,.y . r till next Saturday, and i; . nv ' . to purchase the price woulc. ? r Tho followir. yi - . . : present tho Figtree Club against the . Avondalo Club (Sydney) on the Figtroe ground to- morrow, starting at II a.m. sharp: — A. Richards, H. Graham, P. M'Namara, N. Beigley, T. Banner, O. Homilton, H. Hamilton, W. Purcell, T. Purcell, P. Hannsn, J. Piukerton ; emergencies — E. Dingle aud C. Callaway. . The annual picnic of the Juvenile Templars will be be'd on the showgrounds to-morrow. Xne procession will fall m at the hall at 8. 30 a'.m. ; and march to the corner of Crown arid Corrimal-Btreets, whence they will be driven in coaches to the ground. During the day farewell will be taken of Mr. J. Coben, who has for some time been superintendent of the lodge and a most enthusiastic advocate of temperance, and who intends returning to Queensland. Signora Fabria has removed from Deni son-etreet to Market Square, near Illawarra College, and will be glad to reoeive pupils. Miss Alica Manton will also receive pupils for piano tuition at tho same address — ' Albina,' Market Square, near Illawarra College.* An esteomed correspondent sends us an account of the social held at Mount Kembla hst week in aid of the funds of St. Clement's Church. His account is some what similar to that forwarded by our own correspondent and published in our last issue, but he adds :— 'The ladies wero all prettily attired, the mo:-t noticeable being — A young lady from Melbourne ; another from Maitland ; two Kembla belles ; a visitor from West Dapto ; a- Kembla mar ried lady ; a yoiitie lady from West Dapto ; another from O'Brien's road ; two tall young ladies from Brandy-and-water Creek; and another lady from Kembla Heights. The. members of the committee were most indefatigable in their efforts to make the affair a success, and their efforts were noc in vain', as the gross proceeds amounted to about £15, while the expenses were not heavy. The following gentlemen composed the committee : — Messrs. ' L. Carr, T. Murphy, C. Gallagher (secretary), and N. Beigley (treasurer). ' \ ' Tho children^all love' lhuti and1 take no j other — Arnoti's\milk Btrowroot bisouits.* 