" THE NfEW "WOMAN." At tho . annual assembly of tbo Primi tive Methodist Connoxiou, recently held in Rockbnmpton, tho Rov. "W. Smith gave an address at one of the evening meetings on tho subject of " Tho Now "Woman." Tho following abridged re port of Mr. Smith's observations is taken from tho Bulletin : — , " Ho said there was nothing new under tho sun — not oven the New Woman, for when they came to understand her sho was found to bo a truo daughtor of Mother Evo. Thoro was, howover, a now phaso of womanhood among them. In future ages tho nineteenth contury would be known as woman's century. Whether her influence was for good or ovil she was here, and could not bo ignored. Some mon looked upon tbo subject lightly, bnt he thought tho now woman was . of suffi cient importance for discussion in con- nection with a Primitive Methodist Con ference. Thoro was a twofold type of the now womanhood of tbo day. There was tho Radical New Woman — argumentative, self-assertive, impatient, declamatory, revolutionary, mannish, unwomanly. This was tho woman that wore man's clothes, employed man's speech, and copied man's vices, she smoked cigars, rode astrido a bicycle, and got photographed, wbilo sitting in a man's attitude on a thrco- railed fonco There was also tho now woman of a higher type — tho typo repre sented by such women as Lady Henry Somerset and Miss F. E. Willard. In this higher class there was tho blending df the highest mental and moral qualities —all those richer qualities that went to make up character and conserve moral force. Ho looked upon tho now woman not bo much a personality as a now spirit, a moral forco incarnating itself in and manifesting itself through woman. This new forco was essentially moral and spiritual. "While with tho former typo ho had but little sympathy, tho latter class commanded his rcveronco and confidence. Tbo speaker next dwelt on tho sphere and opportunities of tho Now Woman. Tho home would be tho chief centre of influenco for tho now woman, for, like her oldor sister, sho would fall in love, got married, bear children, and bo tho queen of tho domestic circle. But tbo Now Woman would find wider spheres than her older sister. In tho future tho hospital, tho bar, tho benoh, tho college, tho pulpit, the senato should bo open to her. In tho near future sho was destined to play an important . part in great reforms. Sho was bound to striko heavy blows at tho drink traffic, at legalised vice, at sweating Bystems, and political corruptions of variouB kinds. It had been said that the best hopes of the world were in woman. And was it not so? Were not tbo "re deeming forces of tho universe tho heart forces? It wob lovo that reigned, lovo that won, love that redoomcd, and the heart forces tho new womanhoood of tho times was capable of bringing into play would bb of immenso service in the re demption of tho raco to a bettor lifo. Some thought there. was danger of tho now wouppn falling into neglect of homo and the under-rating of domestic duties. , Others wore fearful lest ber closer con tact with the rough, cold world would rob her of those delicate winsomo qualities that were the charm and the power of tho trno woman.' Others thought tbo now woman was in danger of undervaluing tbo truo placo. nnd worth of man, and - that there wore indications of this already in cortain foraalo organisations. It would' bo a calamity if this wore to grow to . any great'oxtont. Sox must not be pitted , against sox. They must keep before thorn- tho lines of Tennyson : — ; .- Woman's oausofa man's.. Thoy Rtso or sink together. Her responsibilities wore great. Sho was- bonnd to obtain culture and enlargo oil tho highest qualitioB of womanhood. Sho must retain hor old heart, her iino sonso of delicacy, her native inodoBty, hor snbtlo- charm of manner,. face, ,' and form,'. Sho must bo a woman in tho best sonso of tho ' term. Sho was responsible for tho reten tion of tho sonso of God in tho Wholo of' her character and life. It wnS' only as tho ChriBt ro-incarnnto Himself in, and manifest HimBolf through, woman, that Bho could become tho highest power for good." Woman sullrsgo isoiio of tboso coming; ovents which casts its shadows before, (remarks " Atticus"). Tho engagement is opening with tho light nrtilfory of news-- paper correspondence, nnd 'so ono sided is, . tho battlo of argumont that it almost- appears as if tho new women, liko tho Japanese, were destined to walk over tho field without serious opposition. Men seem to bo resigning themselves to the- fnto which a New York poot has marked. . oat for them: — - "When women vote, tho air will ring With arguments on everything— They'll rack tlioir proud, progrossivo souls. To plunge us into mental holee, And spank thoir babies at tho polls, When women vote, - : When women vote, each man will find - - , A duplicate -in womankind — ...... Their weaker sisters they will " bluff,": And with lisiipins and powder puff, , , ;V: The ballot boxes they will stuff, : 1 : "When women vote. When women vote, this life will seem Ono large nightmarish, fearful, dream — Our modest wivos will nil grow rai b, Their politics with ours will clash; . . .: — . . And God knows who will cook our linsh, . . When women vote. When women vote, wo men. will ho . Hut spectres of humanity ; . ' . Like ghosts we'll flit' from place to placo, ' A hungry, thirRty, despcrato race— ; . - For we'll have nothing left but space, When women vote. 