A Wonderfal Woman. 'chapter ii. mrs. vavasor. Was I?' retorted Katherine. They rarely met, these two, except to quarrel. Well all I can .jsay is that Mr. Gaston Dantree ii very well worth listening to, which is more than I can say for you, Cousin Peter.' You mean I am not a singing man, I suppose Kathie? Well, I admit my brains, do not lie in my throat and lungs.' Nor anywhere else, Mr. Danger- field ' And when is it to be, Kathie ?' Mr. Dangerfield demanded, folding his arms, when are; we all to offer our congratu lations ? Such a flirtation as yours, my dear cousin, with this Apollo Belvedere from the Southern States can have but one ending.' ' And such a flirtation as ycurs with this pretty Mrs. Vavasor, from nobody knows where, can have but one ending too, I suppose,' responded Katherine, coming dp to time bravely. 'She is some five or six years your senior, I should think ; but where true love exists, what does a little disparity of years sig nify ? A chse of love at sight— was it not lAI1Glf1 V You might have spared me that taunt, Katherine!; you know very well who it is I am so unfortunate as to love.' 4 Upon my word, I don't. My little cousin Peter, his loves and hates, are subjects that trouble me very slightly. There 1 Mr. Dantree's song is done, and they are playing the lancers. Suppose we leave off quarrelling and go and have a cousinly quadrille ?' ' Not yet, Kathie. /I can endure this suspense no longer. / No, you shall not fo ; I will be heard ! To watch you as have watched you to-night with that man would simply drive me mad 1' Would it? Then why on earth do you do it ? I don't want to be watched, and I don't suppose Mr. Dantree does either. You mean Mr. Dantree, don't you? And, Peter, don't put on that tragic face; it isn't your style, dear. You're too fair-complexioned. And what businesses it of yours, and why should it drive yob mad ?' ' Little need to ask, Katherine. You know oi|iy too well — because I love you. Kathie, don't look. like that ! I love you, and you' know" it well. I haven't had thought or eyes for any living creature hut- vou l.slnce vou 'first came here. Ah. Kathie, listen to me 1 Don't laugh, as I see you are gqing to do. I love you with all my hearts-better than ev:r that fel low can do-'ahd I ask you to be my wife. Katherine, don't laugh at me for Heaven's sake 1' i But the warning came too late. Katherine broke out into a ringing peal oflaughter, that |the music happily drowned. Peter Dangerfield, looking desperately in earnest, very, very yellow, and with folded arms, stood glaring) at her in an uncommonly savage way for so tendei a declaration. ' I beg your pardon, Peter, but I can't help it. The idea of marrying you — only five feet five inches, and an attorney, and my first cousin 1 First cousins should never marry, you know. What would papa say, you silly little boy, if he could hear this ?' ' My uncle knows,' the young man an swered, with sullen anger; 'I spoke to him a month ago.' Miss Dangerfield opened her big, grey eyes. Oh, you did ? That's what he meant then, morning after the concert. I .re member, the he tried to plead your cause. And you spoke to him first, and you're a lawyer, and knew no better than that ? No Peter, it is not possible. You're a nice little fellow, and I think a great deal of you,- and I'd do almost anything you wanted me, except — marry you. That's a little too much, even for such good nature as mine.' ' Then I'm to consider myself rejected?' Now, Peter, don't put on that ill- tempered face ; it quite spoils your good looks, and you know you have none to spoil— -spare, I mean. Well, yes, then ; I am afraid you must consider yourself rejected. I really should like to oblige you in this matter, but you perceive I can't.' Come, let us make it up — I'm not angry — and take me back to the drawing-room for my dance. It is a sin to lose such music as that.' fx' In one moment, Katherine. Will you answer me this, please ? Is it for Gaston Dantree I am refused ? ' Cousin Peter, I shall lose my temper if you keep on. If there was no Mr. Dantree in the case. I should reiect vou all the same. You're very well as a first cousin, as a husband — excuse me. I wouldn't marry you if you were the only man left in the world, and the penalty of refusing you be to go to my grave an old maid. Is that answer decisive enough?' 'Very nearly. Thank you for your plain speaking, Kathie.' He was very white with suppressed anger. 'But lest we should misunderstand each other in theleast, won't you tell me whether or not; Mr. Dantree is to be future lord of Searswood Park ? Because, in that case, for the honour of the family I should en deavour to discover the gentleman's ante cedents. A classic profile and a fine voice for singing may be sufficient virtues in the eyes of a young lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid they will hardly satisfy the world or Sir John.' 'For the world I don't care that ! For Sir John, whatever makes me happy, will satisfy him. I am trying to keep my temper, Peter, but don't provoke me too far— it's not safe. Will you, or will you not, take me out for the dance? I am not accustomed to ask favours twice ?' I How queenly she says it — the heiress I of Searswood. # J His passion was not to be restrained now. And it is for this Yankee singing man — this needy adventurer — this, negro minstrel in his own land — that I am cast off?' She whirled round upon him in a storm of sudden fury, and made a step towards him. . But rage lent him courage ; he stood his ground. ' You little wretch 1' cried Miss Danger- field, ' how dare you stand there and say such things to me ? How dare you call Gaston Dantree an adventurer? You, who would not presume to call your soul your own in his presence ! Negro min strel, indeed 1 You wretched little attor ney. One should be a gentleman to judge a gentleman/That is why Mr. Dan tree is beyond your judgment. Don't ever speak to me again. Your very offer is an insult. To think that I — I would ever marry you — a little, rickety dwarf 1' And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine of mine — her temper is abominable, I'll allow ; but the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Peter Dangerfield stood before her white as death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower stand for suooort. Oh, Peter I I am sorry !' she cried out. 'I didn't mean that — I didn't, I didn't — forgive it — forget it — my temper is horrible— I'm a wretch ; but you know, — suffering a slight relapse — ' it was all your own fault.' Shake hands, cousin and oh, do— do— do forget my wicked words.' But he drew back from the outstretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile, enough. Forget them ? certainly cousin Kather ine. I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. You're very good, and all that ; but if it's all the same to you, I'll not shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. I'll not be your partner. I don't dance as well as Mr. Dantree, and I see him coming this way now. Excuse me for having troubled you about this presumptuous love of mine ; I won't do it again.' Then he turned away and Gaston Dan tree, looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose-wreathed entrance arch. 4 1 am sorry, and I have apologized,' Katherine said, coldly. ' I can do no more.' ' No more is needed. Pray don't keep Mr. Dantree waiting. And I would rather he did not come in here just now,' 'Come Kathie,' Mr. Dantree called, softly. It had come to that, then ; it was Kathie' and Gaston.' He saw him draw her hand under his arm as one having the right, whisper something in her ear; that brightened her face with sunshine, and led her away. Peter Dangerfield stood alone. He watched them quite out of sight — his teeth set, his face perfectly colourless, and a look of evil in his small eyes. 4 I have read of men who sold their souls to the devil for a price,' he said,' between his set teeth. 4 I suppose the days for such bargains are over, and souls are plentiful enough in the kingdom of his dark majesty, without paying a farthing. But if those days could come again, and Satan stood beside me, 1 would sell my soul now for revenge on you I' ' Are you sure you have one to sell ?' a clear, sharp voice close behind him said. I never thought lawyers were troubled with those inconvenient appendages — hearts and souls. 'Well, if you have kept it ; it's of no use to me; And I'm not Satan, either, but yet f think for a fair price I can give you y aur revenge.' He whirled around with a stifled ex- clam mation, and saw at his elbow— Mrs Vavasor. chapter iii. among the roses. She stood beside him, her ceaseless smile an its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mephis- topheles come to tempt a modern Faust He put up his eyeglass to look at her What a gorgeous little creature she was 1 It was his first thought; In the dim yellow light of the conser vatory, the amber silk glittered with its pristine lustre, the yellow roses she wore made such an admirable foil, to her dead black hair. 4 What the deuce brings me here ? Don't trouble yourself to ask the question tnoti ami ; you face asks it for you. I've been eaves-dropping' — in her airiest tone — ' not intentionally, you understand,' as the vnunfr man continued to stare speechlessly at her through his eyeglass. 'Entering at the conservatory by the merest chance, I overheard Miss Danger- field's last words to you : a little more than kin, and less than kind,' were they not ? Permit me to congratulate you Mr. Dangerfield.' ' Congratulate me 1' Mr. Dangerfield repeated, dropping his double-barrelled eyeglass, and glowering vengefully at the fair creature by his side. 4 In Heaven's name on what ?' 4 On having escaped becoming the hus band of a termagant. Believe me, not even Searswood and eight thousand a year would counter balance so atrocious a temper as that.' 4 Eight thousand a year would counter balance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs. Vavasor,' the lawyer an swered, grimly. 4 1 am only sorry I have not the opportunity of trying. Once my wife I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine Dangerfield's temper and tongue.' 'No, you could not. Petiuchio him- self would fail to tame this shrew. You I see Mr. Dangerfield, I speak from ex- | perience. I know what kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins.' ' Very good blood, then, I am sure — very good-tempered, too, in the main — at least, on the father's side.' 'Ah, on the father's side !' The sneer with which this was said was indescribable. ' May I ask you if you knew her mother, Mr. Dangerfield ?' Certainly I did — a very fine woman, too, and admirable as she was hand some. Colonel Dangerfield — Sir John was colonel then — married a Miss Las- celles, and Katherine was born in this very house, while they were making their Christmas visit. You may have known her father and mother — you certainly seem to know Sir John suspiciously well — but don't tell me Katherine took her tantrums from either of them — I know better.' Mrs. Vavasor listened quietly, adjusting herbracelets, and burst out laughing when he ceased. ' I see you do, you know all about it. Fow old was Katherine when her father and mother left England for India ?' ' Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me — being sc well acquainted, and all that, as you say — you ought to know yourself. Was it in England or India you came to know Sir John so well ? 4 In neither, Mr. Dangerfield.' Or does your acquaintance extend only to the baronet ? Gad 1 he looked like an incarnate thundercloud when presenting you. His remembrances of you must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say, Did you know the late Mrs. Colonel Dangerfield, Mrs. Vavasor ?' 4 1 knew the late Mrs. Colonel Danger- field, Mr. Dangerfield.' ' And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late aunt- in-law must have greatly changed, then, from the timejl saw her last.' 4 1 repeat it,' Mr. Vavasor said tapping her fan, ' Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her. And she looks like her — wonderfully like her — so like,' Mrs. Vavasor repeated, in a strange suppressed voice, 4 that I could almost take her for ner ghost in pink gauze.' 4 Like her mother !' cried Peter Danger- field. 4 1 beg yourpardon, Mrs. Vavasor, but you must be dreaming. She is no more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs; Dangerfield was a handsome woman.' ' Which our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you Mr. Dangerfield ; and yet you told me you were in love with her, and wanted to marry her.' 'I meant what I said,' the young man responded, sullenly, ' I do want to marry her.' 4 Or her fortune — which ?' ' I don't see that that's any business of yours, Mrs. Vavasor, and I don't see what I am standing here abusing Kath erine to you for. You don't like her, do you ? Now what has she ever done to you ?' ' Nothing whatever — I haven't seen Katherine until to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then — a little demoiselle in short clothes, and too young to have an enemy.' ' Yet you are her enemy, Mrs. Vavasor, and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt. And you speak of her mother as if you detested her. Is it for the mother's sake ycu hate the daughter?' ' For the mother's sake.' She repeated the four short words with a concentrated bitterness that rather repelled her companion. 4 And you hate her for her own, Mr. Dangerfield.' She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm, and sent the words in his ear in a sibilant whisper 4 We both hate her ; let us make common cause together, and have our revenge.' Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. 4 Don't be melodramatic, if you please, Mrs. Vavasor. Revenge, indeed, And I a lawyer. You would make an uncom monly good actress, my dear madam, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown away. Revenge 1 Bah ! Why, the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don't live in the days of the handsome Lucrezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adversary to glory. There is no such word as revenge in these latter days, wy dear madam. If one's wife runs away from ore with some other fellow, we don't follow, and wipe out our dishonour in his blood ; we simply go to . Sir Creswell and get a divorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that other fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing out ot it. Believe me, Mrs. Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, except on theatrical boards. But, at the same time I would like to know what you mean.' 4 What is that you say ?' Mrs. Vavasor cried. ' While the 'world lasts, and men love, and hate, and use swords, and pisto s revenge will never get out of fashion And you hate your cousin — hate her so that if looks were lightning, she would have fallen at your feet ten minutes ago. 4 A little, rickety dwarf!' She laughed hex shrill, somewhat elfish laugh. 4 Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr. Dangerfield.' ( To be continued,) To Cure Skin Diseases.— Sulpholing Lotion quickly drives away Eruptions Pimples Blotches, Redness, Eczema, Acme, Disfigure ments, Roughness and sourf, &o;„ leaving a clear spotless Skin and beautiful Complexion. Sulpholine is a necessity for the Skin especially in hot climates. Made in London. S)ld everywhere. 