cw. ^^¡BS^ëeoiis to be no doubt on the a. r^r,1lV[cFadden reallywas xj^ad. paper first made the sad unexpected'decease of the ths 'authority o£~the halfpenny journal, because a large percentage of its news ^--í?|»Ím3ÍSÍmÍ^b^ ye9l .-ïiia fe of-ttiW inner consçïoirêneà of ils taíeníed sab-editon Efaeïiirçgr TvoirtMer seemed to W quite • -;Äctinrä.le, - - for tbè morning' jwners íóilowed amt, «nd soQiíi tÄAhem even published a brief biogtfaphy of the! : .deceased. ^ / ' .ÏQ the House of pommons the event caused more disoifssion than !n ^e :vCouptry>, for Mr. JlieFadden • -waB JÖnejßf Jh&e; gentlemen who háyea; ¿of friends, and a still larger rbqaaintances; and tbushis' from thé^neÂ ïû.wliiçhlie' jn so familiar¿Segaré.p.rodhcéd er voi<fôAan " ?roüld, bäve been. p by, -the/ jlcfesh^^Mnan v more pminpnt mfltf*ÂTor an eminenfcrnan McFadttei i r^eainly was not, though a . pleasaçC .psiwrlookingj figure «nongh •"Y¿*^^!^Í!^itó'rbiuir:»nd fed eönvivial > to-iútettaiiee. ïn particular, tbe London letters the?€bîëf provincial papers were r \- -¡anecdotes about hiua-—somecomu pèehaps the teven^f '«^^ffiog'èo-'diôw^liiin In tbe^hl/bfa good-natured, cheerful hunicrist; One chatty scribe,, explained^" with much Internai clinctHtig arid'-^maiij roguish inniiendos, bow Mr^-McP^den would send to new! y-etacted ifi ? tnbecs bogus pofes from the Speaklyinviting them ^lo/^eV^t^.ln.Ah^'èiûte.'. Of course, the poor victims^ when "they vöse inj their places, Jaibling with anxiety, apd with' theirlia te full of MSS, never r.;canght -the^peaker's «ye, and com v. plained jbltterly- that they bad been ßligbtjäfTby- that high official. Another paragraph described bow Mr. McFadden . had. been accused by a political opponent of being the worse for liquor, and had V cheeifnlly replied,— ~ " That may be. Very likely I am !' drunk tp-night, but I" shall be sober to-morrow. Tour disease, on the contrary, is incurable, for you area fool to- night, and will be a fool to-morrow. ' It cannot be said that the witticisms reported were either very refined or ' ■ showed much intelligence, but they were such as would be keenly appre ciated either at a farmers' ordinary or at a meeting of commercial travellers. The. London correspondents really did ; the best for their deceased benefactor. Mr. McFadden had been to them quite a little gold mine, for it was bis practice to spend all the day in collecting bits of gossip, which he would dispense freely to anyone who chose to talk with him as he grew mellow towards the evening. The result was that a moment's chat w^th him meant for the eager journalists of the inner lobby at least a three-and sixpenny, if not a five-shilling para graph. It must be admitted that this habitual tendency towards inebriety as the evening wore on was not much to the credit of a legislator ; but Mr. McFad den always declared that hë was the victim of circumstances, having been forced into indulgence in strong liquors against his will and bis natural tastes. In proof of this assertion he brought forward the fact that he bad once voted for Sunday Closing. His explanation of his weakness was a simple one. He said that be represented a constituency of hard drinkers, who took a great interest in the proceedings of the House of Commons. He was therefore called . out every five minutes by some con stituent or other who wanted either to get a ticket for the Strangers' Gallery, or to be taken over the House, or to sit out on the terrace. As Mc Fadden stood every visitor a drink, and also; drank with him to show good > fellowship, he had naturally to get ¡ through a considerable number of j brandies and sodas in the course of the j day. In fact only long training and a : bard head enabled him to last out bis numerous and thirsty supporters. It must not be supposed that Mr. McFad den became intoxicated or misconducted lûmsélf owing to the trials to which he was subjected. It is true that he grew noisy aftèr dinner, that he told some what pointless jokes-, and laughed very loudly at them himself, that he moved about with a free, rolling g;iir, and greeted every one with effusive affec tion : but, still even tlië strictest poliçe , man, if he had met him in the streets of London, would.have been willing to swear that, though he had been drink ing, he was not drunk. . It appeared that his deaMi had taken place very unexpectedly at Boulogne, from failure of the heart's action ; and ¡ thère he was buried three days after- j wards in thev English cemetery, his ' funeral being, as the daily papers1 stated, quite à private one, attended by only two or three relations. Members ;V onbptlv sides cf the House lamented' bis loss in tbe usual conventional terms. I "Poor old McFaddeu ! Who would ¡ have-thought, he wouid have gone so1 soon? St is only ihree weeks j Ago that I saw him with a constituent at the bar îiëre." But in a week's time some new topic : attracted their attention, and his name ^ w$B.heard no more in their- midst ; in •ö^^fetiiigbt it had Î>êèn completely ; forgotten, except by his faithful con " ßtituente at Swillborough, who would ¿o lOTger erijoy free drinks whenever '.the neighborhood r-•'It so happened, how-1 Speaker had not received official intelligence of thèlatem ^eatbj and tber^foie be was '■ poBRessíón bf íihe whole ." As tbe resQlt of thiefj^feôf thi»?* , the leader of the : lájte^D^^Í)er's P'"' j -. tóá;iqt'yet-appliedwr,"t' '*"e. ■ Sw^ifcorob^b':^a|r^feîV®on>ïn:1''-r ^jc. \ ^p¡iéáéÍB^'^Mi0^éá' Goe(,i}'"s i.rtufi. Fädden, ^'tnáaafactvire! ^.^Vto manure, and^riyatel.r CJ'"a j.ojmlàrj i jquofcefro^^isfcipgnt I ' ' '•*' " • '• •; GíndetpPaHiámrut- thé!É£y0í '-1' ExacÉiy a for«"* ' House, wjjb McfAn's Bül> „kick prc °n 1 pTnf 'tIie:ratéÉ.^^éV¿!nÍtót ont "» ,ï ;■■'■•:■* ■■>.-*".-â é * 1 ,* zntrodaceä /many safeguard^ to nrerent f'n's pr^g? bêïpg-yf^r Thus t*"* tot»®ró'¿?w»í ^'J&yuwik;éd,' yIKî not çheii?(rf<î^;;»i«^îâF®en» °°í1 vro m en i íit'aî^naUly wasJfëfined, an<| jfs qóáptiity^iinited. • vM^a resultíio Dietnto ^teok tbe filîgh^st interest .in the discnSBÎon, withjpae exception of halfa dozen totyjfro ni anufactu rers, who;were engage^fc proving that they alone suppíiedtjjparticle which wasce t[nirfe3j fliid 4^ all other tobacco was either deletajjpbus or too expensive. The dinrieMonr had; arnyeoi, and the Souse wapûccupied by some five tneai Vrs. ÎMre was the unfortunate I Ministerin charge of the Bill, who lay bacly$a.wning 0n the Treasury Bench ; tbj¿emembers of his party, who were tdßoffto applaud him and keep him in Jpnntenance ; an : obstinate Scotchman, Psrho was ¡convinced that unless every clause was amended some grievance j would be inflicted on his nation and a Parnellite, who had fallen asleep in a comfortable «orner. The Speaker sat in his chair with his head resting on his chest, one leg crossed over theother, and the erids of his wig hanging down over his shoulders, dozing in a well assumed attitude of vigilance, whilst the Scotchman quoted unintelligible technicalities about Scotch Local Go vernment, which only a Scotchman could understand, and in which he even would take but little interest. As the orator prosed on, partly for the purpose i of filling up. time, partly to air his own fads, a slight disturbance could be heard from the inner lobby, and the glass doors of the House swung suddenly open. The Scotchman did not at first take ! the trouble to look round, but his re j marks were cut' short by a sudden change which came over the Speaker. That dignified official, from some reason or other, was in á state of great agita I tion ; his naturally pale face had turned j a livid white ; he had half risen to his feet, and was clutching the arms of his chair in his excitement. The Scotch man stared at the Speaker,, thinking at first that he had been taken suddenly ill, but he saw that the welbknown Speaker's eye was fixed on some object in the distance. Expecting to be called to order after the usual form, he looked round, and, as he did so, the flood of his oratory was dried up. He paused with open mouth, and his MSS. notes one by one fluttered down on the floor, slipping from his trembling hand. For there, standing in the doorway, was the figure of Mr. McFadden. There could be no mistake about it and no delusion. The broad red face, the white hair and beard, the Falstaffian figure, and the expression of half-tipsy gravity were sufficient at once to identify the form as that of tbe de ceased member. Even the very pecu liarities of his clothing had been re produced ; the figure was wearing the well-known curly-brimmed hat very much on one side ; the white waistcoat, and the large check trousers. Not only that, but last and most complete •iece of evidence—the figure had un doubtedly dined freely j a pleasant sort of smile played about its lips, and it rolled as it walked with a certain un steadiness born of the third bottle of Perrier Jouet. With perfect respect fulness the dead politician bowed to the cbair, and then tacked up tbe gangway to take his place in his well-known corner seat, three rows behind the front Opposition bench. His advance, however, was too much for tbe nerves of the other occupants of the House. The Speaker, gathering his robes, scuttled hastily away through the private entrance behind the chair ; the clérks quickly followed him, and even the Sergeant-at-Arms so far lost his presence of mind as to leave unpro tected and exposed the sacred Mace itself. Tbe Press Gallery was empty, but tbe Strangers' Gallery was nearly full, and those in it • were left staring in surprise at the sudden clearance of the' House without any notice or formal adjournment. Even the ghost itself seemed somewhat taken aback, for it smiled vaguely, and .shaking one hand in, the air muttered indistinctly, " Mosh incomprehensible, I'shnre yon. Mosh incomprehensible, I'shureyou." Mpan titnp, the news was spreading through the Strangers' Gallery, for there hap paned to be a Swillborougli man present who knew James Gustavus well by sight. They conversed with one another in awestruck whispers, and then gradually slunk.out, each showing a strong dislike to be the last to leave. It might be supposed thai such an event would have-been chronicled in every paper in the kingdom the next day. Such; however, was not the case. The representatives of the different news agencies and chief London papers held a hurried consultation together,; and came to the conclusion that the safest course would be to ignore the whole affair ; and therefore the enly reference to be found to the exciting incident just recorded consisted of the brief announcement that " the House adjourned unexpectedly at 7.30." In three or four days the excitement reached fever height at St. Stephen's The. few members who were fortunate enough to have been present when the ëvent occurred found themselves the jposed to tobacco P "■ ' nf the I"11'1"- : Every one wanted 8 .^eroe''l^ thrir »cquàintÂpçe, aidätb$|j&£ i icm over and over again die i ^t°'jnçr<\- .-tory. Tbe House of Commons i s)0iice kept repeating it to |ilieir;ïri.eiiîà Und Und at last the Psyfehical Research ! Society sent down an emissary to' *n»v stt-ong a hold did the «tory take'ton the* \- tbÎoô^ |^nöe;^|i«ojain in the House during ilfe. dinner liour was plainly shown^ l&Sfeverj; popular James cXshaBtavus niighP-iiave been in the flesh, -no one wanted to see him in the spirit. The frightened legislators Veré therefore reassured, though also somewhat an noyed at having been taken in, when, a few days after the strange appearance, the newspaper boys were shouting round Westminster, "Serious charges against a late and the following police case report appeared " JameR Q-nstavus McFadden, late M.P. for S will borough, was brought up before Mr. Pawn at Bow Street this morning, charged with having embeazilfed £16,000, held in trust by him for Henrvand James Speedwell. " Mr. Warsaw. ^.€., who- appeared for the Trëasnry, said the late Mr. Speedwell had been Mayor of Swill borough. On his death he made Mr. McFadden trustpe for bis two infant children. Suspicion had been aroused by the difficulty experienced In getting the dividends paid, and their mother, "Mr6. Speedwell j at last applied to the Goúrt of Chancery and got an orderfor accounts. As soon a8 . this order was served upon him, Mr. McFadden hurriedly left England for Boulogne, after producing what purported to be a liât of the investments' in which the trust fonds were held. From Boulogne there came a report, which was re prodaced in all the papers, to the effect that. he bad, died suddenly, and an elaborate account of his funeral followed. Meantime, inquiries made by Mrs. Speedwell's solicitors showed that £16,000 worth of shares in the Pen insula Railway hád been sold out. and could -not be trafced. Evidence1 woüld be prodnced showing that Mr. McFad den had appropriated the proceeds and applied them to his own purposes. It would appear that immediately after his supposed funeral Mr. McFadden had returned to [London. . In fact, there could be but little doubt fcbat he had caused the report of his death to be spread abroad in order to avoid the consequences of his embezzlement. So far, no one had suspected the fraud ; but, unfortunately for the success of the sche&e;, it would seem that one night the prisoner became intoxicated, and while in this condition, according to his usual custom, went down to the House of Commons, where his appearance created considerable astonishment and some alarm. Although no accounts had appeared in the papers, yet this event became the topic of common con versation, being generally attributed to supernatural agency. But Mrs. Speed well's solicitors thought it more advis able to send a representative over to Boulogne to make inquiries. Their agent was unable to trace any death as having happened there on the day mentioned, whilst no person of the name of McFadden had been buried in the English cemetery for many years past. Under these circumstances they communicated with Scotland Yard, with the result that the prisoner had been arrested the night before at a small private hotel in the Euston Road. \- " Mr. Warsaw produced in evidence the will of Mr. Speedwell, and also called Mrs. Speedwell and Mr. Hakem, of the firm of Hakem and Stoke, who were her solicitors to the trustees. " The prisoner, who seemed to feel his position very acutely, was committed for trial, the magistrate refusing bail." Such was the startling news con tained in the evening papers. At the trial at Old Bailey Mr. Warsaw's statement was borne out in every par ticular. The sham death, the reappear ance, and the embezzlement were all established on the plainest evidence. In the result, the unfortunate old man was found guilty, and sentenced to tea years' penal servitude. It did not appear that he had any special intention of defrauding his dead friend's children, but with bis sodden brain he placidly muddled away all the money which came into his hands. The only indi vidual who expressed no surprise was the little fat Parnellite, who had been fast asleep during Mr. McFadden'a last' appearance in the House of Commons. "Ah, me bhoy," he would remark confidentially, " there's many a dead man walking about as alive as you or tue. 