T'iik Royal Coinmiflsion recently ap pointed by tho Victorian Government to report on tho necessity for a State Bank has just been taking evidence in tho farming districts of that colony, nnd tho result of their inquiries so far is that a flood of lightens been thrown upon tho financial position of tho farmors. l'ho burden of tho ovi- denco is that tho real want of tho Victorian farmer at tho present junc ture is cheap money. Railway freights mid low pricos> for. produce are for midable diflicultieu enough, hut the dif ficulty which has to he contended with is intemt. The interest on tlio mort gage is tlio over whirling wlieol that grinds him down. Tho exactions of tho usurers have ground down tho Vic torian fanner far moro than tho fall in tlio prices of produce. Such is tho burden of every witness' story. In West Gippsland Mr. Lacoy, the Pre sident of tho Drouin Shire Council, said the rate of interest charged on mortgages was from G to 7 per cent., with additional charges. Tho " addi tional charges " run tlio rate upas high as 10 per cont. In cases where tliero is a floating debt tho debtors are called upon to pay 0 per cent. Another wit ness declared that the " industrious fanner could always get on in that locality if lie could get cheap money. Tho only way for tlio fanner to get on was for tho Government to in stitute Homo system of providing clump nionoy." Other witnesses thought tho rates quoted were merely nominal, and asserted that under olio pretext or another tlio agri cultural debtor was often fleeced by being mado to pay 15 or -oven 20 per cent oil borrowed nionoy. At Norwool, Air. Donald Shaw, a fanner of over 20 years' standing, told a sad story of depression. "Ho did not soo nny ehnnco of prices rising. Half tho local farmers were' borrowers, nnd 8 per cont was tho average rate of interest paid. The' case of many at present was ono of give lip your farm or hold on somehow for better times. Tlio farmer could not pay C per cent for loan money, according to tho pre sent prices of commodities. If prices did not rise, or becomo cheaper, about n fourth of tho farmors would have to abandon their holdings." Another witnoss named James Boyd, an. old farmer, said prices of farm and dairy produce had fallen" fullyono-half during tlio post three years, and the restricted currency had, in bis opinion, some thing to do with it. There wero hardly 15 out of 20 farmers that wero not borrowers. Some were half starving. James R. Porrott, secre tary Rosedalo sliiro, said that of tho settlers in that shiye about 90 per cent wore indobted to hanks. There wero cases in which men had boon turned out of their holdings through not being able to meet thoir obliga tions under short termed mortgages and high rates of interest. He know of one caso in particular whore a most deserving settler had thus lost his farm, if lie and others had been nblo to got monoy at clienpor rates thoy would have been nblo to retain their properties und make a living out of them. CouncillorThoniasPondlohury, grazier, gave similar evidonco. lio said tlio hunks were practically mas ters of the situation, and very hard masters they wore. Thoy fixed tho terms of mortgage, tho rates of interest, which were from 8 to 10 per cont, and showed no gonorosily to tho borrowers. It would benefit the country if the Government adopted somo scliemo of land loans by which settlers could ob tain relief. At Sale, iu Gippsland, John Heimobury, farmer, said most of tlio farmers of the district were bor rowers. Prices of produce hnil fallen oiie-liulf during tho past few years, nnd it wns harder, now to get "loans than formerly, und in addition to tho ratoof interest being high, mortgagees asked for greater securities than for merly. Tlio margin banks allowed for loans in comparison to valuation was 50 per cent, which wns too low con sidering that the value of land lind fallen by about half, und could not fall any lower. Owners should ho able to borrow to tlio extent of 70 per cunt ; tho 25 per cent margin would provide iimpld ecoui'ltyi Lund In Ilia district that would produce anything nt all could not he estimated at any thing lower than the present valua tion. A cheap money scheme would provo tlio mainstay of tho country. Farmers could get on very well with money at 1 per cent. All tho evidence tells its own stoty. Tho witness who said that fully 25 per cent would he compelled to abandon their holdings if no relief were forthcoming, was not so wide of tlio mark. Will it bo be lieved that in a new colony like Vic toria there has already been a con siderable exodus? A recent estimate of tho exodus of farmers from their lands in that colony from 1881 up to tlio end of 1893 shows approximately that 5785 farmers have loft their farms, chiefly in the counties of lien- digu, Gladstone, Kara Kara, Ripon, and Talbot, averaging 250 acres each, aggregating a total area of 1,488,760 acres, and indicating a total depopu- lation of 28,075. The areas from which tho selectors are expelled are for thu most iart aggregated into large estates nnd applied to the primi tive purpose of grazing. No other course was open to these men. Capi tal was needed to bring the tend into a reproductive state, and the interest paid upon such capital was so cxccs- sivo that the profits of subsequent cul tivation failed to meet it. Tho lifo of the Victorian agricultu rist is evidently not a happy one, hut what about his Queensland brother ? If the former is so seriously handi capped what about the hitter? If the Victorian farmer has to contend with excessive rates of interest on his har rowed money, and low prices for his produce, so lias the Queensland farm er. But tho former has received, and still received, a grentamountof Statcuid and encouragement denied to the lat ter. Tho Victorian farmer receives a certain amount of training at the cx- penso of tlio State, hut the agricultu ral education of tho Queensland farm er is, as wo pointed out in Thursday's issue, entirely neglected by thoso in authority. Tho Victorian farmer grumbles at tho railway freights lie has to pay on his produce, but they are low in comparison with the freight paid by tho Queensland fanner living west of tho Alain Rungo. A bene ficent State encouragement has enabled tho Victorian farmer to develop an im portant export trade, particularly in dairy produce, hut alas! for the en couragement offered the Queensland farmer — tho suear nlanter alwavs ex- cepted. In nearly every respect the Queensland farmer has a more formid able struggle than the Victorian, and tho lot of tho latter does not appear to bo too rosy. But if the Victorian has much more to thank his Government for than the Quccnslunder there is one matter for which they may both equally hlainc the past Governments of the re spective colonics— one matter on which they stand on an equal footing, und. that perhaps lies at tlio base of their presonfdiilicuUies. That matter is tlio fact that ill framing the land laws of both Victoria and Queensland the great danger of the selector falling into the hands of tho usurers was not foreseen. Tho public policy in each colony, broadly speaking, was to put upon tho land men whose capital con sisted of their willing industry, which was supposed to provido its own re ward out of tho land. But the settler lmd to face the necessity of "ways and means." He had to provide tools to cultivate, ho had to maintain him self and family until the first crops came in. Tosum it all up lie had togo to the monoy lender, and virtually be como his band slave. Practically, the legislatures of both colonies only half performed thoir duties. They cadi considered, and considered rightly, that ono of their most important duties was to place tho people upon the soil, but they forgot that it was their duty to provido for keeping the people upon tho soil once they were there. As a necessary accompaniment of genuine land settlement there should have been provision made for supplying the settlors with tho necessary capital oil liberal terms, repayable over an ex tended period. The stalking ghost of the Victorian and Queensland farmers in tho sliapo of " foreclosure " would not then haunt them as it does to-day. There are somo peoplo who say that such is not tho duty of the State, and yet wo find it done in two of the Australasian colonies, of opposite types — ono, so fur, tho type of Con servatism as personified in its Pre mier, Sir John Forrest ; tho other the typo of Democracy as personified in its Premier, Air. Seddon. And, if they are doing these things in Western' Australia and New Zealand, why not in Victoria and Queensland? Because a few oppose it, nnd contend that it is no business of a State if the producing classes are ground down by usurers, is that any reason why wo should not holp tlio fanner by providing cheap money ? Actually the same principle, broadly speaking, underlies Air. Ciinmhorlain'H proposal to advance to tho English artisans money from tho Savings Banks to purchaso their own homes. In reality it animated tlio spirit of Air. Balfour's Irish Lands Purchaso Act. It was tho samo causes producing tho samo effects now visible in Victoria and Queensland that led to the establishment of the Credit Fon der system in Europe. The farmers, subject to tho payment of high rates of interest, wero crushed down by tho usurers, and wero on tho verge of ruin in Germany, Franco, and Italy, when the Credit Foncicr system came to thoir aid, and saved them by provid ing cheap money. New Zealand has only followed the example of tlicso colonios in providing cheap money for her settlers. As we have explained oil a former occasion, the chief features of tlio New Zealand Advance to Sett lers Act are these : — Land bonds of the value of L'10 or tho multiples of that sum are issued hearing interest at the rate of 8 per cent, and out of tlio money thus raised advances are mode on freeholds and perpetual leases to tho extent of two-thirds of the value of tho former and half thovalua of the latter at 5 per cent interest, and with a currently of 884 years, principal und interest boing repayable in half-yearly instalments during that period. Wlrnt u contrast with the terms on which the Victorian and Queensland settler obtains his money — nominally from 8 to 10 per cent, and frequently brought by " additional charges " up to 15 per cent. In less than ten years tho unfortunate debtor repays in in terest the whole of his advance, but lie owes it nil the samo, and will con tinue to owo it though every ten years he pays it. What a paradox? And yet wu expect our farmers to prosper. Tlio Banking Commission in Vic toria will do good service, not only directly to tliu furmcrs of that colony, hut' indirectly to our agriculturists. One result of the innuirios of the Com mission so far is tfmi tho Melbourne Aye Is just now ktuullug a etfeus tuovu- went ui the direction of obtaining cheap money for the Victorian farmer# In it recent Lfsuc it thiiK sums up tho situation in ttorils tliat vrill be endorsed by the fanners in all portions of this colony : — Under czbilnr, rirmmnancw the fanner cannot prosper while he ha to my an cnomiou rate of interest <m horrawtamoaey, How i» he to be Tcticvid from the Incnbtw is the question of the day# M present money ta not intriiifcically worth the ptico that too farmer ha to pay for it# The Scotch tank # - have reduced tho rate on dcpo.iiti to 1 per cent# Oitrown tank onlr otter S per cent., whikt tiro OwvniuuftA hx come down to 'J ikt cent, hi tiro Saving bank# and ustrj' where there f« a downward tendency In the rate of inU-rvxt. How come ft then that thn farmer# with the best of all cecnrUfea# D stilt made to pay H to 10 per centnn and sometimes a much a '20 per cent#? If U obrfously robbed# and the operation c 4 hit monetary contract fa certain fn the long rmt to makn him hujdlca# a well a penniiei# It I merely throwing diut In tiU eye to tell hint that lie may oofn|ien«ate hlmaelf for what he pay tiro money lender t ry jetting the Htate to psmf I1I2 imvliu'i' nn iinr<fnttnpratft'A lTTfW» or that a. lineal ooiicy which would favor tho Juiiwrtcro would put money In hi pocket# Like other citizen lie' mu.fi pay hi anare of tiro public caperue# and if he add to these — " by iucrcatin# the railway deficit or reduce tiro revenue at the Customs House he I bound to lie taxed in tome other way to make up tiro difference. It iledrable of course i that In tfroro dejircxrod time the burden of taxation Hioubl beaalfahta porfMe# ami Out produce xhoufd m conveyed at the lowed powibl it price # But a mere shifting of cost from one shoulder to the other is melc# What U wanted U an ab.xohite reduction of tiro fnevitahlccxpcnditurc of theapfrica!turit» There Uonly one <U rcetion In winch that reduction can I « made# If the indebted former buy undutiable article and send fait little produce by rail he ha still to pay the heavy Interest on hi taortyc. That money lio to be found If hi crop is destroyed I ty flood or drouglit. It I oimous enough that if thi outlay can fro curtailed the farmer' position will be improved at once# And it can uml ought to he curtailed. Why nhould Victorian fanner be paying 10 per cent# on mortgage ami overdraft when money i worth in Great Britain only I per cent,# and in the colony hut two iror cent. 7 Thi i just u ease in which the ntate can Atep in# and ought to tcp in, to a ve a large and deserving _ ciaA from spoliation# >v- The New Zealand Legislature thought It jK'rfectlj safe to lend toony to tiro extent of 75 per cent, of the prevent value, Under the pressure of unremuncrativeprice for product the Market price of land ha fallen very low — fo low# indeed# that tlrore h not the slightest chance of it reaching a lower level# Broadly speaking# then# the Victorian farmer credit i equivalent to 75 per cent, of present vaulation. But he cannot afford to pay 10 per cent# and upward on loan. If he could iram-.fer hi loan to a Credit Foncier, paying 6 per cent.# which would Include a sinking fund for the ultimate extinction of the principal dcM. lie would fro in pocket at once, and in addition, he would be delivered from tiro dread of foreclosure# There are some eight million % lying Idle In the lank. una yet tiro tanner are paying n raie ui Interest fixed In the boom tune, when money wu scarce and dear# The position i abatird# and would be wholly altered If the Govern . merit were, through the agency of a Credit Foncicr system, to make advance liberally aud up Ut x elo'C margin, with extended period of payment# extinguishing during the term both the interest and principal of the Joan, 