'?CHAUi.KY'.S .-\Ij.M" ' 1 iV'UU CoNSCCitrivi: I'rin'MKJi.'.scn i''i:U?.VY, (Ji:c. 'JIkv, lWI Austin Vexcss. ' On D.-uchiImt 2 1st, 1S!?_:. 31.-. W S. I'enley oiituiij (ho Koj\<Hy '! h?;itt i'o with :i fiirce in three nets, new to London, entitled C!,.tr'i-/s Aimt. Previous to itfc production ? then: w.'is much head-shaking over tlio venture. The usual "everything'"' npneared to bo against the new mitiwuenient, and many felt r.iivc. they wtuu called on to assist at 0110 of the usual theatrical fiascos Tho piece, it was currently reported, had been tried in tho provinces unsuccessfully ; it leaked out that the jirincip.il fun was caused by Mr. Penloy dressing iv women's clothes; ami to cvown nil, a theatre which lias conio to bo. regarded as unlucky, was chosen. From what was known of the piece it was anticipated that the fun was of tho broa<ltst-farce type, wliilc not a few associating this with the nature of Jlr. Penley's disguise in the piece, felt sure it would be unacceptable to Ijcmdon. Tho curtiin had not risen on the new farce fifteen minutes when all doubts as to its acceptability had vanished. I was present on the first night at tho Itoyalty, mid I shall never forget tho excitement and enthusiasm of the niuVicnco :is the performance progressed. The interest and character of :i Cist night per formance are entirely different from those associated with thu ordinary representation of a. play. There" is always the anticipation o£ what is to come; the bright act which shall redeem the dulucss at the start; the dull act which makes the play a failure ; and over all, tho feeling that so many interested iv t!:? success of tho piece are on tenter-lwoks of expectation the whole time. Cut if the average iirst uight lias such an elenieut of excitement, lio'.v shall I indicate tho feelings of the first-night audience of C/iarfct/'s Aunt ? From the moment Sir. Pcnley donned his " cap and gown," it was seen that the play had absolutely no element of olleuce, that it was one of the most wholesome picuos in tlic domain of farce that liad been presented on thu London stagj; antl that, while thus observing every dictate of refinement and good taste, it \v;? simply up roarious in its fun, the . audience rocking in their seals with uncon trollable laiiglitvr. This was tin- verdict on tlie iirst act, and it is on sueli occasions that an an li-iii-.: k.iow they arc about to assist at a g-".-at stu-ess, or to witness—what' so frcij-.'-nMy happens—a bright open ing, a i.rilliant first act, utterly wasted by a dull and inconsequent ending. L".ut the second act of (,'harl'it's Aunt w;is rattied through to an aceom p uiiment of the heartiest litughler and tempestuous applause. Act I and 11. s.ite : coulil the fun lcocp up ? Was it possible to have a tlsird act worthy of its two brilliant predecessors I When the curbtin rose, it was ut once soeu that the third act v.-ould l>e the fuii:iie,tof the three. " Ba'w," utterly disgusted iso-.v with t!io tosafoolery of inn. iiTur.uiiiig in rumtcur tlieatricil lioUicoaL*, is forced to sit with the ladic-i in tlie drawing room after dinner. " I wonder v.h-.ii, are they going to talk about! ?, he exclaims, with a CKiiiio horror, not without its suggestion of mischievous fan, which iiiirly convulsed tho house. And so it ?-vent 0:1 to the end, when tlie curtain liiialiy fell on the greatest succes3 of tit;; century. Just as there -were; prophecies of failure before the performance, so there were prophecies of success at the close, which will proliiiUy prove just as wide of the mark. Isi congratulating Mr. I>.miu as I left the theatre on the first night, [ predicted a. run of three years for tho farce. Hat I never dreamt for a moment Uiat the succes3 I iiad just v/itiicsscd would prove an e'jaal suece>3 in almost every country of the vrorlil, and be rendered in the various tongues- Such, however, has !ie-!ii the case. I!-."fnre giving sonu: particulars on point, let ine compare the success of Cli'irlei/.-: An.nl with that of Oar /Joy-i to prove my contention that the pk-cc is the greatest M:;c-jess of tho age. Our Hoys —a 1\. :;>"t.d farce—was the forerunner of i"ir.;icil comedy. It was practically a novelty as a theatrical entertainment, !>:it Cliirliifs Aunt was one in a lengthy series—the most successful of which h;td been presented by Mr. IVnlcy himself—that inclnded Tfta I'l-iciU'i Secretary, The Arabian NiejTits, etc. Charity's Aunt was produced at a time when there was a surfeit or fire. , , KO that, artistically, it had to light its way to recognition ; whereas Oifi- /Soys was produced at a period wii-n the public did not require 3 .strong inducement to witness a humorous three- acfc play- In a word, 1 l;i-lii;ve that if Oicr Coys had been produced the snnie night as Charley's A tint it would not liavo had such a run as it hud. But, without making allow ance for tho altered conditions, Cliarlrifs Annl bids fair to have a3 lengthy a life, in spite of all rival at tractions, as Our lioi/s. The actual number of nights, when the tale is ti>U, may not be as many ; but against this is the fact that tho Globe Theatre hol-i-j i.BO a night more than the old Vaudeville did, so that in a lesser period the amusement of a3 many [?Hygoers will liavo been, catered for. Lht.-liy's Atitil wag transferred to tho Uiobo Theatre on January 30th, 189:! ' In connection -with this fact it is interesting to noto taat Mr. Penley oil'ered to lease tlie Hoyalty Theatre for two years at the rental he then daving, provided that certain altera tiosis for the comfort of his jtatzviw were effected. Hi 3 proposa/ vvjis | refused, although he offered to defray halt th<: cost of the altera tions. On the .failure of these negotia tions Mr. irtjilny moved to die Gloljs Theatre, and the Koynlty Thc:itie l )!a gone on opening and shutting, in its melancholy, aimless way, l-oputed eh unlucky theatre solely bc-cuuso so Charley's Aunt has been found to rout its dreary ghosts by the sound 0 J hearty laughter. Tho enormous buccoss of Charley's Aunt can be gauged by tlieso particu lars of the various performances given out o£ .London. There are cix com panies continuously playing the farce In America, one in Australia, ons r.b the Cipe, ono in Indix, ; and on.the Continent during one particular week, there were no less than twciitv-fivo difforent companies engaged in its per. formance. Before the end of this month a company will have opened with it in Athens, presenting the farce in Greek, and another company will present it in Turkish in Constantinople. On tto 14th inst. it was produced in Paris at the Theatre Cluny, with tho grcatrat possible success, under the title of Zα JxTarrainc dc Charley, M. Pougard undertaking Mr. Penley's part. So great was the success in Paris that the management are arranging a series o? provincial tours, a course commoa enough in England, but quite a novelty in franco. ??' It ran for over threo hundred nights in Berlin—an unprcee dented run in Germany—and had tho honour o£ being " commanded" to bj played by the Kaiser at tho Imperial Palace, Potsdam. Everywhere it has proved an enor mous financial success. At the Globe the " houses " have always beon large; but frequently the marvel ha 3 been how Is\t. Penny's representatives have been ablo to accommodate such enor mous audiences. Thu high-water mark, for instance, is £259, taken at ono performance ; and it must lie rernein bered th<* Globe is a small theatre. In th? provinces, where it is lioing coa tinuously played, ifc h:is beaten e.U previous records, even including tint enormous success The Private Secre tary. In a word, it has—J.l r. Dana v my authority—made absolutely mors money than any other piece ever written. The farce was not a success as 3fr. Penley had it originally ; Imt he toai it with him on two toura of ths "smalls," as they arc called, an-I revised it, licked it into shape, and palled it together until he felt thoroughly sure that nothing more could !>e done with it. Not until bj had submitted it to this thorough over hauling did he feel disposed to prc=eni it to a London audience. The result o£ this care and study is tliu great success we*'* sec. Tho author, Mr. liniudoii Thomas, receives the fdl ? beiicOt of this prior attention to hjj ? work. lie receives author's fees ra ,' every perionnaneo of his f;irce V7herevcr \ given. And, consequently, is the leadir-j ] dramatic author of to-day in point c' ? rowartls received for a single vhx. J Mr. Dana made an einjihntie j ment to mc on one occasion, wliica i; \ worth reproducing here. " ?: said he, " who lias worked loyally szl ', vrell for Mr. Pcnley, you may tiikeci ; word lor it, has shared in his ? succo.i.;." And l:r;rc, too, it nay \? lneiitioufd tiiat not :i single* ciianga h', th'j staff or tho theatre has taken *.!i.? .? siuco the first night. Kven :; h-xi- ? s??\rved cat—and not a black one ei&rr; j —wliicii somehow strolled into tie " Royalty and was a>.ioptt*d, iias cosj y' wit'U CiintUiJs Aiiul Ui tlit* GU'ix;, ail ; has an interview with " 15a*>s " \ evyjing before the curtain rises. ':' 