DRAMATIC NOTES. J Two well-known Australian Thespians were married in New Zealand a few weeks ago, Miss Dora Moyston and Mr. D. L. Dalziel. Miss Moyston wits beyond all doubt the most delightful member of Dan Barry's Company, and Mr. Dalziel its efficient leading man. Miss Maggie Moore's Burlesque and Dramatic Company and Pollard's Opera Company have both started rs in Northern Queensland. Mr. Joseph Macmahon is manager for the burlesque and dramatic company, which includes, among many other well-known performers, Miss Maggie Moore, Mr. T. Roberts, and Mr. George Dean. Mr. Grattan Riggs is with the opera company as business manager, and Mr. Tom Pollard has with him as conductor Mr. Harrisson, the composer of Bulb." A large number of of friends met the companies at the Brisbane wharf to welcome them back to Queensland Mr Harry Rickards has arranged for bringing a number of prominent variety artists from San Francisco to Australia. The Royal Comic Opera Company i left for Sydney at the end of their Melbourne Princess season, and after playing a month at the Lyceum, return to the Princess, for their annual season, I which includes the Cup week, The Brough - Boucicault Company have finished their Melbourne season, but the Victorian capital is to be visited by the company again at no very distant date, strengthened in number and fortified by the variety of fresh plays which have sustained the ordeal of London criticism. In the mean- time they play in Adelaide, where they will be immediately joined by Mr. and Mrs. Brough, who are now on their way back from England, Miss Oliffe, Miss Talbot, and Miss Noble return to London by the outgoing mail. The Esty-Marsh Concert Company have finished their Melbourne season, but the return of the principals, together with a strong contingent of other members of the Carl Rosa Opera Company, for the presentation of grand opera, is not an altogether unlikely event of the Australian musical world during the next few years. Notwithstanding her quarrels with the management, Miss Jennie Lee will be the cause of their netting over £1,000 by their tour of Cape Colony. Some of the company also have made money, while some have not done so, and even the former are said to have spent it all without delay. "The land of the Moa," George Leitch's triumph card, played for a fortnight in Wellington and has now gone on to Dunedin. Sydney is well off for amusements list now. At Her Majesty's "The World Against Her" has given way to a grand spectacular production of the Rev. George Walters' Biblical drama, " Joseph of Canaan," with which Mr. Rignold marks his farewell performances, before leaving for England. At the Lyceum Theatre the final representation of "The Shop Girl," with its clever dances has been given. " Gentle- man Joe has been staged for the first time, with Mr. Louis Bradford playing the name part. At the Criterion there will be no change for some time, as "The Guv'nor" is running smoothly to large audiences. The Theatre Royal has been leased by Mr. William Stokes for a season commencing Saturday, September 14. The leading artists will be Miss Amy Gourlay and Mr. William Gourlay, who will be supported by a strong company, including Mr. Charles Field and Mr. Leonard Keith, both specially engaged from London. A feature in the season will be the brightness of the new plays which will be included in the repertoire, The Dacres and Hudson's Surprise Party have been competing for the favours of Adelaide playgoers. Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan have so far patched ,up_ their quarrel as to join forces for a revival in London shortly of their principal successes, but they still refuse to collaborate again. Thomas Hardy has under consideration a proposal to dramatise " Toss." He has finally decided to undertake the work, and has indeed made some progress with it. " Tess " will be presented by Mrs. Patrick Campbell, at whose suggestion the play is projected. Madame Bernhardt likes the English system of paying by the week. " It is not because I am extravagant that I am always in want of money, but because I am always being robbed by my directors. One trusts the rogues and signs the engagement. Between the thieves on the one side and the small prices on the other how can one live 1 Of all countries, France is perhaps the one where an actress earns least." " Sometimes," says Miss Cissie Loftus, speaking of her methods, " I watch and listen but once-and that artist's ways are my own. I have learnt at a glance, and I have added his features and manners to my gallery of representatives tyres. But it is not always so. Sometimes I can't say why it takes more than my little stock of patience to get even an inkling of the individual's methods. I go and go, and watch, and the result is comparatively nil. And I have not the ghost of an idea why." Mine. Melba, has been definitely engaged by Air. Abbey and Air. Graz, and will return to America towards the end of September. Al. Maurel was recently interviewed in New York about his art, and said some sweet things about the Australian prima donna. A lyric artist (said he) must have the security and balance of a trapeze performer, the dramatic intensify of a tragedian, and the emollient adaptability of an arch comedian. Did you notice how much I Mine. Melba has developed in this direction 1 _ Her voice in " Rigoletto " takes upon itself something of the plaintive character of the jesters daughter. It ] is just as beautiful, but there is more abandon to the elements in the role she plays. It is charming to see this in a prima donna ; so few possess or care to cultivate the art of self obliteration. Madame Amy Sherwin is an Australian (says a" leading musical paper) who may be warmly congratulated on her signal and continued success in the English musical world. At present she is engaged for four oratorios in London, the Bach Choir, the Philharmonic Society, the third reason in succession ; Sir Charles Halle's concerto, and Mr. Siekmann's new - series of classical music at Manchester, Liverpool, Phil- harmonic, Leeds Philharmonic, Birmingham Subscription Concerts, Birmingham Festival Choir Concerts, Scottish Symphony Orchestral Concerts, London Polytechnic Concerts, and about twenty more in minor towns. Madame Sherwin had no less than eighteen- engagements in March last, and the above list is one on which the " Tasmanian Nightingale " must receive the warm congratulations of her many admirers. The latest attraction at the Westminster Aquarium is an elaborate representation of the decapitation of the Doge of Venice, represented by some hundreds of life-size figures in costumes of the period. The church, priests, and people, and the mode of execution are vividly portrayed, and form a striking realistic representation occupying the whole of the St. I Stephen's Great Hall, situated at the Abbey end of the aquarium. 