CrumbSe Dull. Cloudy, Show week. Unique record. Mining revival. Extension lectures. Big Jewish funeral. " Corner" gambling. McCarthyite viotery. New Stook Exchange. Last night of " Niobe." Farmers to have a show. Beware of the wild oats. Ber-tiekline gasconading. Cardinal Moran a bit cross. New University departure. A generous eon of Abraham. Popularizing the University. « Rugged, weather-beaten face. Obit.—George Bates, aged 95. Orasgeiem said to be growing. Cardinal Moran making points. Bimetallists'calculations upeet. Chequered, storm-tossed career. Gold fever not yet at its height. Sea baths at Coolgardie ere long. Fears of a gold famine dispelled. Railways pining for more traffic. A piotur6sque landmark removed. A boss globe-trotter—Mr. Dobbie. Hungry eyes on the flittering west. Barney Young auotioning our wines. Stiif- neoked Proteetactism bewailed. American yacht Defender to the fore. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day, 29'60. Satisfactory increase m British trade. Games of hazard with Western mines. Copper quotations steadily improving. Country cousins in evidence this week. Mr. Verdant Green dabbling in mining. Mr. Dobbie praises British rule in India. Plethora of work for tho Press this week. Mauy Westralian mines changing hands. The Pope's loving letter a little premature. Broken Hill quito a home for tbe Fire King. Legislators booming the Angipena treasure. Old Bates began life in 1811 on a man-ofwar. Ktngarea Island mourning for its dead king. Tommy Hudson leaves fer India on the 25th. Retrenchment at Botanio Garden oriticised. A trial for Charley to go to Church and be quiet. Huriy up with that additional Broken Hill trade. Annual exhibition of students' work opens to-day. All nationalities having a chip in at Coolgardie. A sensible letter from "Ratepayer" OR roadmaking. Two thousand deaths daily in Pekin from cholera. Old George loved Kangaroo Island as hia own soul. Pity old Bates wasn't able to leave an autobiography. Glowing expert opinion* of the Westsrn GoldGelds. Agricultural Bureau Congress on Thursday and Friday. Lord Kintore says England is pushing free trade too far. Good old Grace has made his ninth century for the season. Annual meeting of Chamber ef Manufactures to-night. Last night of "Niebe, all Smiles," at the Theatre Royal. Now Kingston will prate about hia triumphs at Port Augusta. Archduke Ladislas, oousin of Austrian Emperor, no more. Mr. T. Hardy is going to tell ui what lo do with surplus grapes. Baptists' and Churohes of Christ annual meetings this week. Is it only in religion that Kingston and Gordon are divided ? A talk about tae State Advances Bill at Walkerville to-night. Old George settled on Kangaroo Island seventy-one years ago. Mr. S. Mtlin eleoted as Councillor in the Semaphore Corporation. The late Mr. Gabriel Bennett's heart was ewish to the very oore. A soheme for taking sea water from Espernce Bay to the goldfields. Proposed to retrench the foreman and three men at the Botanio Garden. Lord Kintore advises British agriculturists to agitate for " fair trade." Mr. A. S. Devenish heartily weloemed by ld friends of the Y.M.C. A. The movement for the "Reunion of Christendom" leading to mud-throwing. The mother country eould get nothing more from us at present for the Navy. First mealing of Baptist Aeseoiation tomorrow and four following days. McCormaok on the Ormonde again to the fore on Saturday with fastest time. Batch, said to have drawn wrong conclusions from the Railway Regulations. Cardinal Moran thinks the English Chnrch is in a state of spiritual bankruptcy. George Bates's remains to be buried among the wattles of his beloved island home. A Royal Archduke made a mistake with a shooting-iron, and is now cold and still. "Niobe" has been pronounoed one of Mrs. Brough's most charming impersonations. Sun rose at 5.56 a.m.; sets at 5.31 p.m. Moon set at 7.55 a.ni.; rises at 10.22 p. in. Professors Bensly and Rennie offering the public both instruotion and entertsinment. Port Augusta didn't get up a Sunday political meeting. And now the angels have flown. A good question for Literary Society debates —Is preBent-day horseraoing a manly sport ? Blooms.. Rev. S. Mead wants the Baptists to discard "Association" for "Union." Is their love increasing? Charley invites the oloBest sorutiny of Ministerial actions—some of which be keeps as d&rk; as possible. 'Xwould never do for an Admiral to be hampered by a divided oontrol. He'd never know where he were. True eoonomy in roadmaking, like other things, depends upon good material, honest work, and fair wages. Kingston went to the Anglican, and Gordon to the Presbyterian Kirk at Port Augusta. No Democratic Club there. Mr. Devenish attributes the massaores and riots in China to jealousy oaused by the Gospel making sueh headwav of late. Mr. Pendleton hopes for a large inorease in the traffic from the Hill in the near future owing to the solution of the sulphide problem. "Hamlet's Ghost" asks—Does the perpetual increase in taxation cause a well-detinod shrinkage in income from the very sources taxed? Five children recently died in one family of the Peculiar People in England, having received no medical attention, according to the tenets of the strange soot. Holy Mother Church, of oourse, has no eye for rich endowments, when she invites her rebellious daughter (or sister, whioh is it ?) to return to her loving embrace. The British Wesleyan Conference has by a large majority acoepted Mr. Hughes's resolution approving the prinoiple of extension of tbe term of ministerial appointment in speoial o&ees.; A census of oentenarians has been taken in France, and the results, whioh have been published, show that there are now alive in that country 213 persons who are over 100 years old. Ot these 147 are women. Herr S. A. Audree, of Stookholm, intends to reaoh the North Pole by balloon. The Arctic regions aie peculiarly suited for balloon voyages—perpetual suushine, even temperature, glassy surface free from vegetation, absence of thundor or snow storms. Miss Carla Dagmar Edman, prima donna, has obtained £700 damages from Mr. E. Jakobowski, playwright and musio oompossr, of New York and London. Defendant, after addressing the plaintiff, a tall, preposseBBing young ledv, as " tootsie," " dearie," " my own sweet one," went and married a Mrs. Brown. Aooording to a Ileuter's telegram from San Franoisoo. Mr. William Brown, formerly an officer in the East India Company's service, has given particulars regarding the fate of Nana Sahib. Mr. Brown states that he was Commodore of the Ganges fleet in the Indian Mutiny, and was attacked by Sepoys under Nana Sahib himself, who was shot in the fighting.and afterwards died on beard Mr. Brown's ship. Nana Sahib's body was then cremated, aud the ashes were committed to the river. 