THE SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL OP AUSTRALIA. The following is a translation of the Latin text of the letters of Convocation issued by His Eminence Cardinal Moran in connection with the forthcoming Second Plenary Synod of Australia:— Patrick Francis, Cardinal Priest under THE TITLE OF St. SUSANNA OF THE Holt Roman Church, bt the Grace of God and Dispensation of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Stdnet, Delegate Apostolic, etc., etc. To their most illustrious and most reverend Lordships, the Archbishops and Bishops of the Churches of Australia and Tasmania, as well as to the most reverend Abbots, and the very reverend the Superiors of Orders or Congregations and to all others upon whom it is by law or custom, incumbent to attend at Plenary Synods: Peace and health in the Lord. It is well known how precious are the fruits which come from the celebration of synods, and how multiplied and how singu lar is the increase that results therefrom to the strength of ecclesiastical discipline, the advance of virtue, tbe exaltation of faith, the defence of the church, and the glory of Almighty God. Now, whereas ten years have elapsed since the first Plenary Council of Australia—so happy in its issue—was celebrated, it has seemed well to the chief Pontiff, Pope Leo XIII., the successor of the Prince of the Apostles and the Supreme Yicar of Christ, that another Plenary Synod should be without delay convened. Moreover, the chief Pontiff has assigned to us, unequal though we clearly know to be our strength, this duty that, in vested with his authority and acting in his name, we should convoke the said second Plenary Synod of Australia and should therein preside. In the exercise accord ingly of the power thus delegated to us by the Apostolic See, haying invoked the name of the most Holy Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and having implored the prayers of the Blessed Virgin Mary, thfe principal patron—under the title of Help of Christians—of Australia, and of all the saints, we summon and convoke the second Plenary Synod of Australia and Tasmania to meet in our Metropolitan Church of St, Mary, in the city of Sydney, 'on Sunday, the 17th of November, of the present year. Furthermore, we exhort in the Lord and, as far as may be neoessary, we enjoin and command the archbishops, the bishops, abbots, and all others in Aus tralia and Tasmania who by law or custom are bound to attend such Synod, to appear at the time and place mentioned. Should any prelates be detained by just and sufficient cause, they shall send their pro curators furnished with written authority to act at the Synod in their stead. We likewise request the most reverend prelates to make known the convocation of the Baid Synod to all within their respective dioceses, who by law or custom are bound or,are privileged to, be present. . Inasmuch as it is for the Omnipotent .God, alone to bestow the strength and courage necessary for the carrying of so great a work to a fitting conclusion, we earnestly entreat our venerable brethren, the archbishops and bishops, and all the plergy and Catholic laity to humbly be seech the Father of Lights that he may inspire the counsels of the said Synod with wisdom from on hijgh, that he may direct its proceedings, lend stability to its decrees and graciously make all things conduce to the, end sought for—the. greater glory of Him alone and the. salvation of the souls entrusted to our care. . Given from our. residence at Sydney, this 24th day of July, 1895. (Signed) . Patbick Francis Card. Moran, ■ Archbishop of Sydney. By command of the most eminent and most reverend Archbishop, (Signed) Denis F. O'Haban, Chancellor. 