PITHY PARS. Scraps from all Quarters. Hunt Club mcrt to-day. Geelong turned the tables on the Esscndon the second match. Fitzroy again victorious in their match with the Melbourne. The dangers of steeplechasing. Charles T.ewis. the jockey, while rding Circassian King in the steepMiense at Caulfield on Satur day, was killed by his horse falling at the third fence. - Some 20 miners have been snowed up for three months on the Tonlong diggings. Had to chop their meat with a tomahawk, and warm their hread before it could be cut. All are reported to be in good health, and to have done very well. Two steamers to be despatched to endeavor to locate the wrecked steamer Catterlhun. She has >110,000 in gold on board. Twenty thousand acres of malice land in the SIinapre country have been sold during the last week or two, and it is expected that it will all be under wheat next season. A family of three women at Lucknow (Gippslami) retire to bed, leaving a fire alight and a lamp burning, and awake barely in time to escape with their lives. Several nuggets, one of Soz., found in new. ground at Snake Valley, near Ballarat, and prospecting parties are on the look-out lor The “ struggle for the bottle ” is proceeding merrily at Malvern, where the grocers are doing all in their power to gain the single bottle ..license, while- their ^oppongpts^ are' striving-their utmost to debar grocers from retailing spirits at all. The question will be settled to-morrow. Victorian red gum timber, by the barque Cara, sold in London at £5 per ton, ex SllThe Kiehmond ghost can cover 20 miles an hour. So says the constable who tried to catch it, and he also adds that though he ran his hardest ho was beaten in t he first 100 vartls. A well-aimed bullet might be able to catch •“ the ghost," though, some of these Messrs. Gibson Bros., the ownors of the crack steeplechaser Daimio, hearing that the old man who bred the horse was in reduced circumstances, very kindly sent him a cheque for £ 10. Euroa Flourmill not at work, the reason being that the owners of the mill only offer 2s. fid. per bushel for wheat. The farmers ask 3s., and do not seem inclined to take ^Ellcn Randall, who was shot by her lover at Maryborough last week, had a very large funeral' on Saturday. She was a great favorite with the young people iu the dis Mr. S. Miller’s two-ycar-old, Rank, has won at everv time of asking. Backers full over one another at Caulfield on Saturday to lav 3 to 1 on the filly. 'After Brewer’s win on Bill at the race meeting at Caulfield on Saturday, an old sport on the lawn was heard to mutter :— ■■ Hanged if I don’t think that bless.-d Brewer could win a hurdle race on a S°A 'son of - Cr. Flynn, of Haddon, was thrown from his horse on Saturday night last, and died on Sunday. Deceased was very popular. He leaves a widow and four children. The recent bail in aid of the hospital and asylum at Bendigo resulted in a profit of over £100. They “ go the whole hog ” in Warrnam bool. The police magistrate, Mr. G. D. M-Cormiek, had to deal with no less than 97 cases last Monday. The death is reported of Mr. Simon F. Staughton,.brother, to .Mr, S. T. Stoughton, M.L.A'.' Deceased wiis'a director of the Mil dura Irrigation Company, and one of the largest landowners in Mildura. Mrs. Jane Mounsey said to the North Melbourne Bench on Monday, referring to her erring spouse—*' 1 never knew him once to bring his weekly wage home during 11 years.” The offending one was ordered to contribute 5s. a week towards the keep of Jane and the children. Mo'.rabbin Shire Council protest against cremation by Hindoos, and decide to prose Charities Commission propose a tax on A great many jockeys cautioned on Mon day by the V.R*C, when applying for licences. Two ratepayers in the Rom.-ey Shire en deavor to have the local council restrained from proceeding with the proposed deviation of a voad, but are uusuccesful. Fifteen trucks, each containing 350 frozen sheep, despatched from the Lleniliquin freezing Works on Monday, for shipment to England by the Maori. Three similar con signments to be forwarded during the week. A deputation from the Moorabbin Shire Council to wait on the Minister of Health, and request him to prevent a recurrence of the practice of cremation on the foreshore at Sandringham. Smith-street. Collingwood, to be lit with electricity. The Melbourne Gas Company has had a' very fair innings. Wool season on the main Mnrray River line commenced yesterday, when about 3000 bales landed at Echuca will be seut to Mel bourne. The Victorian Railways expect a large increase in this year's ltiverina traffic, and it is hoped their expectations will be fullv realised. ■ . Professor Marshall Hall met with a pain ful accident on Saturday night through full ing into a drain. Dislocated one of his shoulders, and received a severe shock. The latest bulletin is favorable. Earthquakes visit the land of the Moa. Severe shocks were felt in the Taupo dis trict. No serious damage done. The people in some places are camping out in tents. 