ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. Author of ‘Lady Audley’s Secret,’ 'The Venetians, or All in Honor.’ ‘Aurora Floyd,’ ‘The Cloven Foot,’ ‘Dead Men’s Shoes,’ ‘Just as I Am,’ ‘Taken at the Flood,’ ‘ Phantom Fortune,’ ‘ Like and Unlike,’ ‘ Weavers and Weft,’ &e.;, &o.; CHAPTER I. "The P,aix Set Early In To-xight.” It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still, in that feeble and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind, when the postman came with tb long-expected Indian letter. He was later than usnal. It was nearly 2o’clock, and Isola had been watching for Mra since 1, watching with an unread book to her lap and her untested luncheon upon the table. She had been'sitting by the open window, looking out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great green hill beyond, a steep dope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, tod so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chessboard. At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman’s heavy boots, and saw his shining odekin hat moving above the edge of the hollies, and heard the click of the iron latch s 5 he came into the little garden. She called to him from the window, and he came tramping across the sodden grass and pat bet letters into her outstretched hand. One from her married sister in Cadogan Phve. That would keep. One from an old Khoolfellow, That would keep. And one ■“the long- looked-for Indian letter, which *he tore open eagerly, and read hurriedly, devouring the close lines, in the neat, black penmanship, with its decided up and down •trokes, and legible characters, so firm, so alvong, so straightforward, like the nature W the mao who wrote the letter. The tears sprang to her eyes as she came w the end, and her hand crushed the thin tM’w in a paroxysm of. vexation nr despair. Six months—perhaps a year before he van come back, and I am to go on living s 'v—alone, unless I like to send for a girl whoso face I never saw, to keep me com pany, and cheer me with her good spirits. I ant no strange girls. I want no one’s good Mnnte. I hate people with good spirits. I ant him, and nobody but him! It is bard at we should he parted like this. I ought ’hare gone with him, in spite of all the vv nra in Christendom.' obe relented towards the letter which her wetish hand had used so badly. She niocthed out the flimsy paper carefully with I. 5 ,P rett y Httle hand, and then she re-read e husband's letter, so full of grave tender ?! and fond, consoling words. lh. 6 w his re giment in Burmah, and aspect of things gave him no Pn of being able to return to - England for n next half- year, and there was no oer- t * 18 half-year might not be could * '° t0 a w * 10 * e year. The separation 1,1 aot h® more irksome to his dearest litn* that waa t0 him, her husband of 'voDld'i!' 1 ! 1 * 1511 B y ear > but not for worlds Hut r ” aVe ex P° se fi her to the risks of vf hp C • ma i 0 ' to ok cnm f° rfc in thinking to good X b'th” Cornish nest, with k 5 J'°* a the letter before she put it in toom ru ’ to 0n B * 18 looked round the Were r , er dolefully, as if the Cornish nest Was a * ta g e ther paradise. And yet it toom k **ttle room enough, half dining vatse'd a , u dy, with well-bound books on tosht d° aa “helves, and photographs and boj.v . ra P er ies, and cosily- cushioned bam- N th lta * a ca g e an d Persian oat, Wen n ga 5“ e D outside was not flowerless, Pornb Lr tB8 threshold of winter. The tombed [° B8 f om8 the veronica were tin gles,.: frost; there were pale tea roses holl v B g a 'nst the dark gloss of Eiha| B ,aure I. There were star-shaped . l Iaa of vivideat red, like spots of ‘toodonr r° j 8 ua( tor the window, last <4ai; Ce F “eparted summer, the waxen tali a , m anratum, trembled on its fume. ’ ani * the room with per- Tb drip wr! -11 l S over —toe monotonous drip, 'tet'mnrl- " Irritated Isola’a nerves all the modouM-*’’ eeaB ®d at last. She left table ans Itl 0 * u nch untouched upon the lat and ° nt * n to the hall, where her Ptompturi 18 ? 1 x? Dg hanfl y fo r any im 10 the ff ! a - u , De0 d to look at oneself years of going out of doors, at 20 «»la loolr h’ a ° - in 8UC * 1 a pl aoe as Trelasoo. Vfahff. 80 'stick from the stand, a green to wav r ‘ n the sunny South, on Ihr . | ; ° "soioe with lier husband last them a a aare 'y trip, which had been to Spy mnn»k" honeymoon after a few tha of wedlock. Then bad come the sadness of parting, and a swift and lonely return journey for the young wife—a lonely return to the Angler’s Nest, Trelasco, that cosy cottage between Lostwithiel and Fowey, which Major Disney had bought and furnished before his marriage. He was a son of the soil, and he had chosen to pitch his tent in that remote spot for the sake of old associations, and from a fixed belief that there wSfi no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues which a man should seek in his home, Isola rarely touched that stick without remembering the day it war bought—a rainy day in Milan—just such a day as this, a low, grey shy, and an oppressive mildness of atmosphere. She remembered with the sick pain that goes with long partings how she and her husband had dawdled away an afternoon in the Victor Emmanuel Gallery, buying handkerchiefs and neckties, a book or two, a collection of photographs, and finally the orange stick. She went ont to walk down her depression before tea- time, if possible. She went along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a road that skirted the those green pastures which rose sheer till the ragged edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch the dim, grey sky. "She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at this season and at this honr. She passed the half-dozen decent cottages, ,and the three or four genteeler houses, each in its neatly-kept garden, and she walked with quick, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor-gown well clear of the mud, her stick striking' the hedge-row now and then, as she swung it to. and.iro-in dreamy thought. A long, lonely winter to look forward to— a winter like the last—with her books and drawing-board, and her- cottage piano, and the cat and the fox terriers, and Tabitha for her daily companions. There were a few neighbors within a radius of half-a-dozen miles, who had been very civil to her; who called upon her, say once in six weeks; who sometimes Invited her to a stately dinner party, and sometimes at a suspiciously short notice, which made her feel she was wanted to fill a gap; who made her free of their tennis lawns; and who talked to her on Sun days after church, and were always very particular in enquiring for any news from India, There was not one among them for whom she cared; not one to whom she would have liked to pour ont her thoughts about Keats or Shelley, or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Bnlwer’s Audley Egerton better than any of those flesh and blood neighbors. She was happier sitting by her chimney corner with a novel than in the best society avail able within a drive of Trelasco; f She struck off the high road into a lane, a lane that led to the base of a wilder hill than that where the red cattle were grazing. The crest of the hill was common laud, and dark fir trees made a wavering line against the autumn sky, and the view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark grey sea far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off the watery way to tho new world. On the landward elope of that wild- looking ridge was the Mount, Lord Lostwitbiel’s place, nninbabitated for the greater part of the year except by servants, bis lordship being the very last kind of man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day’s journey from the Lon don theatres and the Thames Yacht Club. Who was Lord Lostwithiel 2 Well, in the estimation of Trelasco he was the only noble man in England, or say that he was to all other peers as the sun to the other planets. He belonged to Trelasco by.reason of his large landed estate and the accident of his birth, which had taken place at the Mount, and although his character and way of life were not altogether satisfactory to the village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Isola Disney climbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tall fir columns, and looked down at the November landscape, very distinctly defined in the soft grey atmosphere. She could see the plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farin horses, white against the deep rich red. She could see the winding river, blueish grey, between its willowy banks, and far off towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orange and tawney and rnsset and dun color between the blue-grey water and the pale grey sky. She loved this wild, lonely, hill, and felt her spirits rise in this lighter atmosphere as she stood resting against the scaly trunk of the fir, with the wind blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only the sleepy Persian cat nr the hyper- intelligent fox terrier for company. There was a longer and more picturesque way home than that by which she had come. She could descend the other side of the hill, skirt the gardens of the Mount by a path that led through the Park, and which was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favorite walks, and she was so accustomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never ex pected to meet anyone more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager’s child upon the footpath. There was a thick cbesnut copse upon one side, and the wide expanse of undulating turf, with an occasional clump of choice timber, upon the other. The house stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown the intention of the land scape gardener who planned them. Only the old grey stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered chimneys, showed above the copper beeches, and deodaras, the laurels and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleaming amongst the green. Isola had never seen that old Manor House nearer than she saw it to-day, from the path which was a public right of way through the park. She knew that the greater part of the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there wore older bits, and that» about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially there were numerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not without the suspicion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show place, like the home of the Treffrys at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by cer tain human fossils who had served the house of Hulbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chimneys, likening the house amidst its overgrown shrubberies to the Sleeping Beauty’s Castle, and had wished that she were on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old re tainers. ‘ I dare say if I were daring enough to open one of the doors and go in 1 should find them all asleep,’ she thought, ‘ and I might explore the house from cellar to garret with out awakening anybody.* She was too de pressed and disappointed to-day to give more than a careless, unseeing glance at those many gables as she walked along - the muddy path beside the dripping copse. The chest nut boughs were nearly bare, but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of the sun ; and though the leaves were lying sodden and brown among the rank wet grass, there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and red and orange fungi to give color to the fore ground, and to the little vistas that opened here and there amidst the tangle of under wood. Those final yellow gleams were fading low down in the western sky as Isola turned her face towards the river and the Angler’s Nest, and just above that pale radiance of a watery sunset there stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must mean mischief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three miles from home, without waterproof cloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter within three quarters of a mile. She quickened her pace, watching the fading light and lowering "cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, she knew not what. A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential rain! That was the meaning of the inky bar above the setting sun. She looked round her helplessly. Should she dart into the copse, and try to shelter her self amidst those leafless twigs, those slender withies and saplings! to face the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gown would not be much the worse for a ducking, her neat little feet were accustomed to rapid walking. Should she run’ No; useless when there were throe miles to be got over. A brisk, steady tramp would be better. But brave as she was, that fierce rain wae far from pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope her way along the path with her stick. ■ ‘Pray let me take you to the house, saida voice close beside her, a man’s voice—low aod deep, and with the accents of refinement, ■ Could one of Cord Lostwithiel’s fossilised servants talk like that ! Impossible. She looked np, as well as she could under that blinding downpour, and saw a tall man standing beside the pathway with his ba'cfc to the oopse. Like Rosalind, he was more than common tall, and of slim, active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyes which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about as much as she could see of the stranger in the November dnek. ‘Pray, let me persuade you to come to the bouse, be said, urgently. ‘Yon are.being drenched. It is absolutely dreadful to see anybody ont in such a rain, and there is no other shelter -within reach. Let me take, you there. My housekeeper will dry your bat and jacket for you. I ought to intro duce myself, perhaps. I am Lord Lost withiel.’ She had guessed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place 2 She dimly recalled a photograph, pale and faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uniform, seen in somebody’s album; and the face of the photograph had been the same elongated oval face—with long thin nose, and dark eyes a shade too near together which was looking down at her anxiously now. She felt it would be churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. ‘ You are very kind,’ she faltered. ‘I am sorry to be so troublesome. I ought not to have ' come so far in such doubtful weather.’ ■ - She went with him meekly, walking her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her back now as they made for the house, • Have yon really come far 2’ he asked. ‘ From Trelasco, I live at the Angler’s Nest, a cottage by the river. - You know it, perhaps 2’ ‘ Yes. I know every house at Trelasco. Then you are staying with Mrs Disney, I presume 2' ‘ I am Mrs Disney.’, ‘Yon2’ with intense surprise, ‘I beg your pardon. Yon are so young, I ima gined Mrs Disney an older person.’ He glanced at the girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could scarcely be more than nineteen or twenty. He had met Major Disney, a man who looked about forty—a lucky fellow to have caught such a pretty bird as this. They had reached the shrubbery by this time, and were harrying along a winding walk where the rain reached with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the house. Lostwithiel opened a half-glass door, and led Mrs Disney into the library, a long, low room, fall of curious nooks and corners, formed by two deep chimney pieces, and by the projecting wings of the heavy oak book cases. Isola had never seen any room so filled with books, nor bad she ever seen a room with two such chimney pieces of statuary marble, yellowed with age, elabor ately carved with cherubic head, and Cupids, and torches and festal wreathe, bows and arrows, lyres, and urns, A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was hither Lostwithiel brought his guest, wheeling a large armchair in front of the blaze. ‘ If you will take off your hat and jacket, and sit down there. I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you,” be said, with bis band upon the bell. ‘ You are more'than kind. I must hurry home directly the rain abates a little, I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about me,’ said Isola, devouring the room with greedy eyes, anxious to take in every detail of this enchanted castle. She might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel was so seldom there. His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbor hood. The things he ought to have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had been wild in bis youth. He had once owned a theatre. He had done, or was supposed to have done, things which were spoken of with bated breath; but of late years he had developed new ambitions, and had done with theatrical speculations. He had become literary, scientific, political. He was one of the lights of the intellectual world, or that small section of the intellectual which is affiliated to the smart world. He knew all the clever people in London, and a good many of the intellectualities of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna. He had never mar ried; but it was supposed that he would eventually marry before be was 40, and that he would make a great match. He was not rich, but he was Lord Lostwithiel, He was by no means handsome, but he was said to be one of the most fascinating men in London. Isola pulled off her jacket slowly, looking about her all the time; and Lostwithiel forbore from offering her any assistance lest he should increase her evident shyness. fTo 6e Conlinued.J 