THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. A rnivATE soldier, by tho name of Richard Lee, wob taken bofore tho magistrates of Glasgow for playing cards during Divine sorvieo. A ser geant led tho soldiors to tho English Church, and when the minister had read tho prayers he took tho text. Those who had bibles took them out ; but this soldier had neither bible nor common prayer-book, and pulling out n pack of cards ho spread them before him. He first looked at one card and thon at another. Tho sergeant of tho company saw him and said, " Richard, pat up the cards ; this is no place for them." " Never mind that," said Riahard. Whon tho ser vice wns over the constable took Rioh- nrd a priBonor, and brought him before the magistrate. " Well," said the bailie, " what have you brought the soldier hore for?" "For playing oards in the ohurch." " Woll, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much, sir, I hope." " Yery good ; if not, I will punish you severely." "inave been," saidtne soldier, "about six weeks on the march. I have neither bible nor common prayer- book ; I have nothing but a paok of oards ; and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intention." Then spreading the cards beforo the bailie, he began with the ace. " When I see the aco it reminds mo that there is but one God ; when I see the deuce it reminds mo of tho Father nnd Son ; when I see tho throo it reminds me oi tho Father Son, nnd Holy Ghost; when I see. the four, it reminds mo of tho four Evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ; when I see tho five, it reminds me of the fivo wise virgins thnt trimmed their lamps — thero wore ten. but five were wise and fivo woro foolish, and wero shut out ; when I seo the six, it reminds me that in six days God made heaven nnd earth ; when I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work ho had made, nnd hallowed it ; whon I see the eight, it rominds me of tho eight righteous persons that were snved when God destroyed tho world— viz., Noah and his wifo, bis three sons and their wives ; whon I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Lord, there wore nine out of ten that never returned thanks ; when I seo the ton it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone ; when I see tho king, it rominds me of tho Great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty ; when I see the queen, it reminds me of the Quoon of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for sh9 was as wise a woman ae he was a man ; she brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell whicn wore boys and whioh were girls, the King sent for water for them to wash, the girls washed to the elbow, the hoys to the wrist, so King Solomon told by that." "Well," said the magistrate, "you have described overy card in the pack except one," " What is that ?" " The knave," said the bailie. " I will give your honor a description of thnt, too, if you will not be angry." " I will not," said the bailie, " if you do not term me to be the knave." " Tho greatest knave thnt I know of is the constable that brought me here." " I don't know if ho iB the greatest knave," said the bailie, " but I know he is the groatest fool." " When I oount all the spots there are in a pack I find three hundred and Bixty-five — as many days as there aro in a year. Wlifln T nniinfr t.Vift nnmlinr nf finvila in a pack, I find fifty-two — the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, repre senting the number of months in a year ; and on counting the tricks, I a quarter. So, you see, a pack of oards serves for a Bible, nn almanac, and a Common Prayer-Book. 