Under False Pretences. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jaeobi's Wife," " Martin Deveril's Diamond," &o.; CHAPTER XXXI.-ACCUSER AND ACCUSED (Continued). Tho afternoon wore on. His window commanded a view of the drive: he was suro that the guests had not yet left the house. It was four o'clock when somebody at length approached his door, knocked, and then shook the door-handle. "Hugo! Are you there?" It was Mr. Colquhoun's voice. " Can't you'open the door ?" Hugo hesitated a moment: then turned the key, leaving Mr. Colqnhoun to enter if he pleased. He came in looking rather astonished at this mode of admittance. .' So ! It's sick, you are, is it ? Well, I don't exactly wonder at that. You've lost your chance of Netherglen, Mr. Hugo Luttrell." Hugo's face grew livid. . He looked to Mr. Colquhoun for explanation but did not ?neak. 1" It's just the most remarkable coinci dence I ever heard of," said Mr. Colquhoun, seating himself in the least comfortable chair the room afforded, and rubbing liis forehead with a great red silk handkerchief. " Brian alive, and meeting with the very man who'had a claim to the estate 1 Though, of course, if one thinks of it, it is only natural they should meet, when Mrs. LnttreJl, poor body, had been fool enough to send Brian to San Stefano, the very place where the child was brought up. You know the story ?" " No," said Hugo. His heart began to beat wildly. Had Dino kept silence after all ?" Mr. Colquhoun launched forth upon the whole history, to which Hugo listened without a word of comment. He was lean ing against the window-fram*), in a position from which he could still see the drive, and his face was so white that Mr. Colquhoun at last was struck by its pallor. " Man alive, are you going to faint, Hugo? What's wrong?" » Nothing; I've had a headache. Then my aunt is satisfied as to the genuineness of this claim ?" " Satisfied ! She's more than, satisfied," said the old lawyer with a groan. " I doubt myself whether the court will see the matter in the same light. If Miss Murray, or if Brian Luttrell, would make a good fight,I don't believe this Italian fellow would win the case. He might. Brett says he would. But Brian-God bless him !-might have told me he was living still-Brian has gone off to America, poor lad! and Eliza beth Murray-well, I'll make her fight if I can, but I doubt-I doubt." " My aunt wants this fellow to have Stratbleckie and Netherglen too, then ?" " Yes, she does ; so you are cut out there Hugo. Don't build on Netherglen, if Margaret Luttrell's own son is living. I must be going: jftrett's to dine with me. I used to know him in London." " la Dino Vasari staying here, then ?" Mr. Colquhoun raised a warning^ finger. .' You'll have to learn to calj him by Mother name, if he stays iiTlthis house, young man," he said. " He declines to be called Brian-he has that much good sense-but it seems that Dino is short for Bernardino, or some such mouthfull, and and we're to call him Bernard to avoid confusion. Bernard Luttrell-humph !-I don't know whether he will stay the night or not. We met Miss Murray on our way up. The young man looked at her uncom monly hard, and asked who she was. I think he was rather struck with her. Good bye, Hugo: take care of yourself, and don't be too down-hearted. Poor Brian always told me to look after you, and I will." But the assurance did not carry the consolation to Hugo's mind which Mr. Colquhoun intended. The two lawyers drove away to Dunmuir together. Hugo watched the red lamps of the dog-cart down the road and turned away from the window "with a gnawing sense of anxiety, which grew more imperious every moment. He felt that he must do something to relieve it. He knew where the interview with Dino was taking place. ?Mrs. Luttrell had lately been growing some what infirm: a slight stroke of paralysis,' dangerous only in that it was probably the precursor of other attacks, had rendered locomotion particularly distasteful .to her. She did not like to feel that she was dependant upon others for aid, and therefore' sat usually in a wheeled chair in her dressing-room, and it was the most easily accessible room from her Bleeping apart ment', She was in her dressing room now, and Dino Vasari was with her. Hugo stole quietly through the passage, untilhe reached the door of Mrs. Luttrell's bedroom, which was ajar. He slipped into the j'oom and looked round. It was ""dimly lighted by the red glow of the fire, and by this dim light be saw that the door into the dressing-room was also not quite closed. He could hear the Bound of voices. He paused a. moment, and then advanced. There was a high screen near the door, of which one fold was so close to the wall that only a slight figure could slip behind it, though, when once behind there, it would be entirely hidden. _Hugo measured it with his eye : he would have to pass the aperture of the door to reach it, but a cautious glance . from a distance assured him that both Mrs. Lnttrell and Dino had their backs to him, ' and could not see. He ensconced himself, therefore, between the scrcen and the wall; he could see nothing, but every word fell distinctly upon his ear. \ " Sit down beside mo," Mrs. Luttrell was saying-bow could her voice Lave grown so tender ?-" and tell me everything about your past life. I knew-I always knew-that that other child was not my boh, I have my own Brian now. Call me mother: it is long since I have heard the woid." " Mother!" Dino's musical tones wore tremulous. " My mother! I have thought of her all my life." " Ay, my poor son, and but for the wickedness of others I might have seen and known you years ago. I had an interloper in my house throughout all those years, and he worked me the bitterest sorrow of my life." " Do not speak so of Brian, mother," said Dino," gently. " He loved you, and he loved Richard. His- loss-his grief has been greater even than yours." " How dare yon say so to mo ?" said JMrs. Luttrell, with a momentary return to her old grim tones. Then, immediately softening them, "But you may say any thing you like. It is pleasuro enough to hear your voice. You must stay with me, Brian, and let me feast my eyes on you for a time. I have no patience, no moderation left; ' my son was dead and is alive again ; he was lost and is found.' " He raised his mother's hand and kissed it silontly. This action would of. course have been lost upon Hugo, as ho could not see the, pair, but for Mrs. Luttrell's next words. " Nay," she said, " kiss mo on the cheek, not on the hand, Brian. I let Hugo Lutt rell do it because of his foreign Blood ; but you have only a foreign training, which you must forget. They said something about you wearing a priest's dress ; I am glad you did not wear it here, for you would have been mobbed in Dunmuir. It's a sad pity that you're a Papist, Brian ; but we must set Mr. Drummond, our minister, to talk to you, and he'll, soon show you the error of your ways." " I shall be very glad to hear what Mr. Drummond has to say," said Dino, with all the courtesy which his monastic training had instilled ; " but I fear that he will have his labour thrown away. And I have one or two things to tell you, mother, now that those gentlemen have gone. If I am to disappoint you, let me do it at once, so that you may understand." I " Disappoint me ? and how can yon do that?" asked Mrs. Luttrell, scornfully. " Perhaps you mean you will winter in the south. If your health requires it, do you think I would stand in the way- ? You have a sickly air, but it makes you all the more liko one whom I well remember-your father's brother, who died of a decline in early youth. No, go if you like ; I will not tie you down. You oan come back in the summer, and then we will think about your settling down and marrying. There are plenty of nice girls in the neighbourhood, though none so good as Angela, nor per haps so handsome as Elizabeth Murray." " Mother, I shall never marry." " Not marry ? and why not ?" cried Mrs. Luttrell indignantly. " But you say this to tease me only; being a Luttrell-the only Luttrell, indeed, save Hugo, that romains-you must marry and continue the family." " I shall never marry," said Dino, with a firmness which at last seemed to make an impression upon Mrs. Luttrell, " because I am going to be a monlr." Hugo could not stifle a quick catching of his breath. Did Dino mean what he said ? And what effect would this decision have upon the lives of the many persons whose future seemed to he bound up with his ? What would Mrs. Luttrel say ? " At first she said nothing. And then Dino's voice was heard again. .. ,e Mother, my mother, do not look at me like that. I must follow my vocation. I would have given myself years ago, but I was not allowed. The Prior will receive me now. And nothing on earth will turn me from niy resolution. I have made up my mind." " What!" said Mrs. Luttrell, very slowly. " You will desert me too, after all these years!" - Dino answered by repeating in latin the words-" He that loveth father or mother more than me, is not worthy of me." But Mrs. Luttrell interrupted him angrily. "I want none of your Latin gibberish,'* she said. " I want plain common sense. If you go into a monastery, do you intend to give the property to the monks ? Perhaps you want to turn Netherglen into a convent and establish a priory at Strathleckie ? Well, I cannot prevent you. What fools Tve are to think that there is any happiness j in this world I" " Mother !" said Dino, and his voice was very gentle, " let mo speak to you of an other before we talk about the estates. Let me speak to you of Brian." \- " Brian !" Her voice had a checked tone for a moment; then she recovered herself and spoke in her usual harsh way, " I know no one of that name but you." " I mean my friend whom you thought to be your son for so many years, mother. Have you no tenderness for him ? Do you not think of him with a little love and pity ? Let me tell you what he suffered. When be caine to us first at San Stefano he was nearly dying of grief. It was long before we nursed him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot but believe that you must love him too." ' . «' I never loved liim," said Mrs. Luttrell. "He stood in your place. If you had a spark of proper pride in you, you would know that he was your enemy, and you will feel towards him as 1 do." " He is an enemy that I have learned to love," answered Dino. " At any rate, mother"-his voice always softened when he called her by that name-" at any rate, you will try to love him now." "Why nowV She asked the question sharply. " Because I mean him to fill my place." There was a little silence, in which the fall of a cinder from the grate coulcl be dis tinctly heard. Then Mrs. Luttrell uttered a long, low moan. .' Oh, my God!" she said. " What have I done that I should be tormented in this way ?" " Mother, mother, do not say so," said Dino, evidently with deep emotion. Then, in a lower and more earnest voice, he added-" Perhaps if you had tried to love the child that Vinceuza placed wifcUiu your arms that day, you would have felfc joy, and not sorrow n»w." " Do yon dare to rebuke your mother ?" said Mrs. Luttrell fieively. " If I had lovfid that child. I would never have acknowledged you to-day. Not though all the witnesses in the world sworo to your atory." . . " That perhaps would have been bettor for me," aaid Dino softly. " Mother, I am going away from you for ever ; let me leave you another son. He has never grieved you willingly ; forgive him for these misfortunes which ho could not help ; love him instead of mo." " Never!". y He has gone to the other side, of the world, but I think ho would corno back if he thought you had ne§4 of him. Let me send him a line, a word from you; make him the master, of Netherglen and lot mo go in peace." "J will not hear his name, I will not tolerate his presence within these walls." cried Mrs.Luttrell passionatoly. " He was never dear to me, nevei?; and he is hateful to me now. He has robbed mo of both my sons : his hand struck Bichard down, and for twenty-three years ho usurped your place. I will never see him again. I will never forgive him so long as my tongue can speak." " Then may God forgive yon," said Dino, in a strangely solemn voico, " for you are doing a worse injustice, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried, to put hor child in your son's place. Have yon held that child upon your knee, kissed his face, and seen him grow up to manhood, without a particle of love for him in your heart ? Did you send him away from you with bitter reproaches, because of the acci dent which he would have given his own life to prevent ? You have spoilt his life, and you do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not let that hardness go unpunished. Mother, pray that his judg ments may not descend upon you for this." " Yoa have no right to talk'to me in that way," said Mrs. Luttrell, with a great eftort. " I have not been unjust. You are ungrateful. If you go away from me. I will leave all I possess to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian, as you call him-Yincenza Yasari's son-shall have nothing." " And Brian is to be disinherited in favour of Hugo Luttrell, is lie?" said Dino, in a still lower voice, but one which the listener felt instinctively had a dangerous sound. "Do you know what manner of man this Hugo Luttrell is that you wish to enrich him with your wealth, and make him the master of Netlierglen ?" " I know no harm of him," she answered. He paused a little, and turned his face was it consciously or unconsciously ? towards the open door, from which could be seen the screen, behind which the un happy listener crouched and quivered in agony of fear. Willingly would Hugo have turned and fled, but flight was now impos sible. The fire was blazing brightly, and threw a red glow over all the room. If ho emerged from behind the screen, his figure would be distinctly visible to Dino, whose face was turned in that direction. "What was ho going to say ? " I know no harm of him," she answered. " Then I will enlighten you. Hugo Luttrell knew that Brian was alive, that I was in England, two months ago. A letter from the Prior of San Stefano must have been in some way intercepted by him ; he made use of his knowledge, however lie obtained it, to bring the messages from Brian, which were utterly false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim on you ; he forged a letter from Brian for that pur pose ; and finally " Mrs. Luttrell's voice, harsh and strident with emotion, against which she did her best to fight, broke the sudden silence. " Do you call it fair and right," she said, " to accuse a man of such faults as these behind his back ? If you want to tell me anything against Hugo, send for him and tell it to me in his presence. Then he can defend himself." " He will try to defend himself, no doubt," said Dino, with a note of melan choly scorn in his grave, young voice. " But I will do nothing behind his back. You wish him to be summoned ?" "Yes, I do. King the bell instantly !" cried Mrs, Luttrell, whose loving ardour seemed to have given way to the most un miticated resentment. " Tell the servants to find him and bring him here." " They would not have far to go," said Dino, coolly. " He is close to hand. Hugo Luttrell, come here and answer for your self." " What do you mean ? Where is he?" exclaimed Mrs. Luttrell, struck with his tone of command. "He is not in this room!" " No, but ho is in the next, hiding behind that screen. He has been there for the last Half-hour. You need play the spy no longer, sir. Have the goodness to step forward and show yourself." The inexorable sternness of liis voice struck the listeners with amaze. Palo as a ghost," trembling like an aspen leaf, Hugo emerged from his hiding-place, and con fronted the mother and the son.. \ 