THE PfflATElN.v A SALT-WATER ROMANCJ& „ BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The GoJden Hope,' 'The Death Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XTV. Iu these same seas in wMdi the Queen was sailing, in the year, in the mouth, nay in the week in which that barque liad been seized, a motherly, lubberly old black brig wa& flapping and rolling along at the grey of day. She stole out in all her fat and home ly proportions as the light grew, bi-ig-bteniug upon her and sheeting the sea to her tall black beam in a pale tremble of mackerel gleams and bright slate out of the far north-east No beauty was she. yet as good as a line of battle ship for a drifting boat to fall in with, and this thought was in the mind of the mate, Mr. Hardy, as he stood at the starboard rail abreast of the little binnacle box, and with folded arms surveyed the scene of ocean slowly opening to its most desolate recesses. Mr. Hardy was a stout short man, with an incomparable leering blue eye; his eyes leered, but he knew it not. and the effect was good when his business was solemn. He had the face of the born comedian, arch, dry, the whole fabric of the lineaments set slightly awry; he was burnt up by. the suu, and his nose was so coated with adhesive membrane that, as the light broadened the feature gleamed towards the rising sun as though it were sheathed in a purse or coating of finely wrought mail. He was wrapped up in a weather-bronzed monkey jac ket, and his head was protected by a round hat of colonial invention. His trousers, tight at the hips, fell like the mouth of a church-bell to his feet, which were cased in shoes decorated with bows. A sea dog! Rubicund with the grog blossom, but a bit of a sea-dandy too, for perhaps no man afloat in that year of our salvation would have deliberately bought him self a pair of shoes with bows, and gone to sea to stand fine weather wat ches in them. No sooner had the shadow of . the earth rolled off the north-east corner of the deep than a whistle thrilled along the decks of the little ship, and in a minute or two a dozen of livelies variously attired tumbled up and tum bled along to receive the bucket and the scrubbing brash, whilst the head pump rang through the drowsy morn ing air to the grip of the nimble hero who sprang to it. But not all the scrubbing brashes then at sea, nor the many tons of holystone cruising about the world, could have whitened these decks, or made that little brig look sweet and young. She had very high bulwarks painted green inside, but the green was faded; it was starry and cracked with the blisters of the heat; she had a little caboose painted white, and whilst Mr. Hardy watched the chimney of that mimic kitchen poured forth smoke. She had two lubberly jolly boats, chocked under wooden da vits; they were all of one family. Very strong indeed was their resemblance to their mother, and the old woman car ried them as if she was often thinking of them. Abaft the galley was stowed a fine whaling boat Right amidships, betwixt the old-fashioned binnacle stand, and the low, flat, half -smothered skylight, stood a nine-pounder can non securely seized to ringbolts. But aloft all was well; the invited eye was pleased; the sails were white and shapely, the masts carefully stayed, and the standing rigging well set up, the ratlines ruling the shrouds as though newly seized. In short you could not look long aloft without sus pecting^that some gentleman who had seen service in the Royal Navy might possibly be within earshot. Strange that such an idea should occur, for that gentleman was not only close to but actually coming on deck at that moment, and as Mr. Har dy took a step forward to obtain a critical view of the fore-royal, . whose halliards, he was thinking, wanlted another small pull now that daylight disclosed the brig, there emerged stoo ping through the shabby companion hood just before the gun, a hearty figure of a stouter bulk than Mr. Har dy, dressed in a naval cap, a suit of dungaree, and a cheek shirt. This person was Commanded Bol dock, R.N., a man with a huge face of scarlet flesh, in the midst of which sparkled two good-humored gray eyes. His head was disproportioned; it be longed- to a giant; his mouth, his teeth, his ears, whatever grew above his throat Liliputianised the rest of him. His friends feared 'that he had water on the brain. The ill-natured, how ever, cailed it whiskey and water. It was sure you saw by his hue at once that he loved his drop, and indeed this very morning you might swear that he had brought it with him out of his cabin; since the instant his im mense face, brilliant with .sweat, show ed itself above the companion way, a faint scent of rum entered the light breeze, and blew over the rail to lee ward. When he was on deck he returned Mr. Hardy's salute, then looked aloft at the spread of sail, then round upon the sea, then took a survey of the man at the little wheel, and stepping over to Mr. Hardy, .exclaimed in a hoarse deep voice that seemed to perpetually complain with an odd note of remon strance: 'Light airs, light airs, nothing but light aire in these heavens.' 'And I don't see any more wind in sight' said Mr. Hardy, leering at the weather horizon. Commander Boldock, setting his legs apart, locked his arms behind Mm, and gazed at the little brig, and at the scene of 'washing down decks.' Pre sently he exclaimed, 'Mr. Hardy.' 'Sir:' 'How absurd now to call this brig the 'Wellesley.' ' 'Ah, indeed,' said Mr. Hardy, with a. dry leer at the hull. But as at shore, so at sea,' contin ued the commander, hoarsely anddeep ly. 'The lower you look, the more high-falutin' you find 'em; When Queen Victoria— may , heaven bless her!' — the commander turned his face up to the main truck, 'came to the throne, every cook-wench gave her brat the sovereign's name. Mr. Har dy, could you send your linen to wash to a woman who'd been christened [Victoria?' 'Do 'you put it as a question of the respect that's pwiag, without regard to the party's capacity, of getting up linen?' 'I was talking of this brig,' said the commander stiffly, in his deep remon strant note. 'Why should they have called her the 'Wellesley' when they had their choice in Ann and Jane and Susan?' 'What's that out there, sir,' interrup ted Mr. Hardy, peering and leering on a sudden over the edge of the tail rail at the sea on the weather bow, ? V ,?? ??'? ?'?? : where the water was flowing with a look of biue.«ilk shot wifliiaie morn-: ; in- lights. : ? ? ..' * The commander went to the rail, and likewise peered and stated; he caught the object in a breath— whisky or no whisky, Boldock ? Bolted the ^vision of a hawk in his sockets— and fell a dodging it under the sharp of his hand. 'Why,' says he after a minute or two, 'I do believe— I do believe — ' then breaking off, 'Mr. Hardy, be so good as to hand me the glass.' T!he mate unshipped a heavy long brass telescope off its brackets under the companion hood, and bore it with both hands to the commander, who laid it like a piece of artillery upon the- rail, amid put his eye to it as though sighting some object he nxean.t to destroy. He looked, puffed, re moved his eye and dried it, looked again, and then cried out — 'Why, by heavens, Mr. Hardy, it's the body of a woman, and a white woman ! And she appears to be gag ged— what can that be : over her mouth?' He looked again. 'Her hair is floating out from her head Mke ink from a galiied ouittle-fish. Look for yourself.' And wiMlst Mar. Hardy was looking Commander Boldiock told the man at the wheel to put his helm over so as to bring the object almost directly ahead. 'Eh, Mr. Hardy!' he exclaimed in shis deep-sea voice, 'Isn't she a wo man? Isn't sQie white? Don't she dook alive?' 'She positively breathes— but it's the motion of the sea,' answered Mr. Hardy, keeping his eye glued to the glass. 'We'll make a little caill yonder anid ask a few questions,' said the com maoider, 'Let tihe men knock off washing down. Stand by to back your maaai topsail, and swing that starboard boat there over the side.' The brig slowly drove down and all ?tilie people who could see over the side kept their eyes fastened upon the floa ting object It was strange to meet such a sight as that upon the wide sea 'hundreds of miles from land. 'It's a dead body,' said Mr. Hardy. 'A person must be dead to float.' 'In 1S32,' said Commander Boldock, 'when I was second of the Venus, we picked up a man off the Oape of Good Hope. He was olive, and had been overboard two days/ and in all that while he had floated on nothing but his own carcass. We afterwards proved the truth of Ms story by find ing Ms ship in Table Bay.' 'It was wonderful,' said Mr. Har dy, looking at the body on the sea. Now came silence which was pre sently broken T-y Counmander Bol dock ordering tihe topsail to be laid aback. The brig came to a halt roll ing clumsily upon the subtle mider s'weili of that beautiful morning ocean. By this time one of the plump quar ter boats had been lifted out of her chocks, and now dangled ready for lowering at the ends of her im mensely thick wooden davits. A boat's crew stood by; Commander Bol dock and Mr. Hardy gazed over the side. Thte body, as the long brass tele scope had before determined, was a female's; and a very fine figure of a woman the commander thought it looked, as it slightly rose and fell with the light azure wrinkles of the. water trembling in sobs to it The loose arms waved with the motion of .the water as though that mid-ocean slee per appealed for peace or help. The dark hair clouded off in a soft gloomy mass close under the blue surface. ? A gag of some sort concealed the inouth. 'I don't know that she can be alive,' said the commander in his hoarse, deep, remonstrating voice, 'with that thing tied round her breathing appa ratus.' 'May be her nostrils ride clear,' said Mr. Hardy, leering. 'Then go' and bring her aboard,' said the commander, 'she shall have a chance for her life, and if she's dead we will bury her decently.' The boat sank, the oars flashed, in a minute or two Mr. Hardy was along side the floating woman. They used extreme caution guessing that a tap from an oar or a sea put in motion by the boat might sink the body. Two sailors leaned over, and the lubberly tub of a boat leaned too with a pretty sparkle of her bilge to the sun as she ?raised it with the brine. Grasping the body with their fish hooks of fingers the Jacks tossed it aboard soaking and streaming like a thunder shower. It was, then laid in the stern sheets, and the. boat made fo? the brig. Whilst this was doing Mr. Hardy pulled out a sharp clasp knife and cut away the gag. She had good features, but she was ghastly to horror's own degree in that search ing light owing to the eyeballs showing like slips of china betwixt the lids, and to the lips being almost pale as the cheeks through compression of the ligature. The apparel was very scan ty, consisting, so far as Mr. Hardy could make out, of a dressing-gown over a flannel petticoat and- a woman's ordinary night clothes. Her feet were naked — very pretty little feet they were, Mr .Hardy thought; doubt less they had been slippered when the poor creature for some murderous motive or other had been sent adrift 'It looks to me,' exclaimed Mr. Har- . dy, gazing up at the commander, whose immense roasted face, overhan ging the rail, was reflected in the smooth water as though it had been the moon, 'as if there had been some piratical business on down here, sir.' 'Bring her aboard— bring her aboard,' exclaimed the commander, stiffening his figure, and sending a look round the ocean with a manof war's man's sniff. In fact, the mere thought of it whipped fifty new pulses into his sturdy shape. They unshipped the gangway, and with that sort of reverence which good sailors will exhibit towards the dead (and more particularly towards those of the dead who might have been mo thers, wives,- sisters, and sweethearts in this world) a few of the Jacks of the brig Wellesley handed the body aft, and with pains and patience down the: narrow companion ladder. 'Trim sail,'* Mr. Hardy, said Gom mander Boldock, ^'then come below and let me have your opinion/! ? \- The caSui of tfie,. Wellesley 'was worthy of her. It was dim .ana ^fad- ed; it was like theback parlor of some : old-fashioned London coffee House; not hard to people, with marine ghosts; indeed they grew upon the eye of imagination as one looked, being alone, in that little cabin, jvith no sound to disturb one but the 'mnrmar of water outside, and the squeak of a rat in the depths. Phantom salts in pig-iail$ and round hats would take their seats at that short black oak table agleam with use. They_ murmured tales in ghost-like voices of the vanished past; they rebuilt the old East Indlaman to the vision, and she floated large, lofty, and shining; they .recalled* the hurri cane chorus of the fore castie Satur-, day night,, and they made you ask with Wordsworth, -'Where Is It now, the ^lory and the dream.' , - -Two middterslzea cabins were sea ted under the wheeL The body of the woman was carried into the port cab in, the starboard berth being the com mander's, and very tenderly -laid upon a locker. The men who had brought her below stood off whilst Comman der Boldoek tirew close to^peer into the face that looked cold and hard as gran ite. 'This seems a case of murder,' said the commander, apparently thinking aloud. 'Beg pardon, your honor,' said one of the sea men, touching his forehead, a homely, middle-aged, good-natured sailor, with a Limehouse look and a hand of yellow oakum dangling at his chin, 'that body's not been long in me water.. _ 'How do you know?' said the com mander, whipping his great face round upon him sharp and eager. 'I'll swear it, by the color of the skin, sir.'* 'Would you think she's alive, then, Adams?' said the eommander. 'Yes, sir.' , 'What should be done, then,' said Boldock, complainingly. 'If you have any knowledge of this sort of thing, turn to. I'd not have her die upon our hands after saving her life.' The shoes and bell-shaped legs of Mr. Hardy fluttered in the companion way, and down came the whole man. 'Adams thinks she may be alive,' said the commander. 'She's got to be dried and wrapped in blankets, first of all,' said Mr. Har dy, after taking a short, but earnest view of the face, 'and then artificial respiration might be attempted. What d'ye say, Adams?' 'That's it, sir. And perhaps a spoon ful of rum to lie at the back of the throat wouldn't hurt.' 'Then heave ahead,' said Comman der Boldock. It seemed a hopeless undertaking, but these bronzed and blunted chil dren of the brine knew very well with Horatio Nelson that at sea nothing is .impossible, and nothing improbable — a maxim that should ever be the phi losophy of British sea affairs. Com mander Boldock looked on; Mr. Har dy and Adams did the work. They stripped to their shirts, for it .was mighty hot in that little cabin, and first they dried her, and they then wrapped her up in a blanket, and then they got Adams's prescription of rum betwixt her lips, and proceeded to artificially inflate the lungs. They rolled her on this side, then on that, then over, then back again; Adams seemed to know his business. 'It might take two hours,' said Mr. Hardy, with the sweat running like tears down his face. 'Keep all on,' said Commander Bol dock, deeply interested, 'I wish I could fist her as you do. I'll tell you what, Mr. Hardy, under the good God's eye we'll warp her back to the mooring buoy she's been cut from,. The longer you live, the more you'll find the miraculous in everything, for if that lady wasn't floating in our course expressly to be picked up that breath might be kneaded into her, what was it doing in our road?' , . 'She ain't- dead,' said Adams. 'I believe the man's right, sir,' said Mr. Hardy, as he gently drove the body towards the bulkheads for Adams to drive back again. 'If she comes to, it'll be the gag that saved her life, sir,' said Adams, feeling himself entitled under the cir cumstances to be loquacious; 'it stop ped the water froan flowing into her mouth.' 'Hard to realise a live body float ing though, aM the same,' said Mr. Hardy, letting go a miniate to wipe Ms face. 'She looks fresh,' exclaimed the commander. 'That's my meaning, sir,' said Adams; 'I'll swear by her color she ain't been more than four or five hours overboard.' 'What sihe belongs to may be in sight,' exclaimed the commander. 'Don't let go of her, Hardy?' he con tinued, in his deep, remonstrating voice, 'until you're both cocksure it's all up. I'd like to hear her yarn, too, and wihat happiness to restore so pleasing a figure to this theatre of life! I'll look in on ye again soon.' He went out and trudged up the steps. 'Jump aloft a hand and report any thing in sight,' he called out. A man sprang into the fore-shrouds, and as nimbly as though he had been hoisted with a run gained the royal yard and stood holding by the truck carefully sweeping the sea. His white trousers trembled against the blue, and the figure all that way up looked like a toy sailor, something clean and brightly painted out of a box, just the object for a boy to fix in the stern sheets of his little boat; ,yet a real man's deep bass voice float ed down from the heights after a few minutes during which tihe diminished shape had been strenuously eyed by Commander Boldock. Nothing in sight! Those. hSgh perched eyes had sunk down deep beyond tihe sensible horizon of the deck, and there was nothing in sight. The little brig was stemming quietly into the heart of the mighty Pacific solitude, the only ob ject afloat perhaps for hundreds of leagues. The man stayed on the yard and sought the remote liquid confines again for any gleaan of starlight canvas that he might cast a light of satisfac tion on that large bland moon, of red face that continued upturned at Mm upon: the quarter-deck. To no pur pose. There was nothing in sight, and so down he caane on fhe royal backstay, enlarging as he grew Mke a descending lark out of the speck it mokes till he leapt, a man to the eye! off the bulwark rail. Wihere tihe diekens, thought the commander, has that body come from? How long has at been in the water? Why was s3ie gagged? He took a number of turns upon Ms quarter-dteck, deeply amusing. Pre sently, the scent of fried ham penetra ted his noses and the steward came out of the Mttie gaMey bearing the cabin breakfast. 'Send the brfsua a£t,' called the commander. (To *be continued.) The Manx House of Keys has, by thirteen votes to eight, passed the bill to license and regnlate: the places of public amuse ment.; The principal clause of the bill provides for the compulsory closing of Douglas dancing resorts at 10.30 at night. Members, speaking in favor of the clause «aid that, . if passed, the order of the town would improve, and Douglas might regain the good name which, it had; unfortu nately, lost. Mr, Joseph Mylchreest de nounced the clause as an unwarrantable interference 'with the liberty *nd enjoy ment of visitors to the island, and declared tthat never had he seen better public order than characterised the streets of Douglas last summer. ' In connection with the Isle of Man it may be added that & large number of men ate at work-jonBtrnoting a railway from Laxey to the summit of SnoefelL * Eye, Ear. Rose and Throat.*— P* Stanioh, Aural burgeon of Imperial and-Boyal Univer sity, Clinic Vienna ana fiallflj A.S., Oermany, attends poor Tuesdays «nd Fridays, at 461 PitfcstoMfc ObxiMt Ofauon, fiydaey.— 0t 