THE EiSTEE GHOST. It was a most b’ossomful Easter morning iu tho old Alabama town. Daifodils fair as tho*o that lured rersopknne to the under world shook their tiny golden uoblots iu the Chinese mairuoiias, witb^ tl;e:r smooth, lavender-colored tide*-', bel'i draughts oii’ sweetness for the breezes to sip* Yellow jessamine dangled a thoutuud golden bells irom pillar or lull cedar. Ceeil Leo Vort felt a doiieious thrill of joy at tho fullness of spring and sunshine. Ho had fasted fclreimously all Lent, but all tho au-lori'.ics practised by tho ynueg reeior of St. Lazarus could n"t k-cp down the buoyant physical strouir'.liof him. l'u: ms asceticism helped to build upon him a soil of such power that it seemed in one -md .-.anther of his congregation that he but thought of a needed (reform in his world, aad, lo, it was accomplished. On all tho olectric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good, but there was one thing ho had thought over a great deal of late without bringing hie hopes anywhere near an accomplishment; tho Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly thoir pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, hut they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to the town, having como to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming poople; Maebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Ceoil had met her and her betrothed walking toward hor home in the twilight last evening. ’ Maebelle held a handlul of white camellias, and Csoil had thought she looked just us magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he de termined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long nvenue of Magnolia-hall grounds before early services. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal fine bloom, He saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and tho wordB that he could but half hear were these : “Don’t you think, Maebelle, that wo might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr-” “ And why, pray ?” interrupted Maebelle’s full, sweet tones, “why are we to have any minister?” “ Why, Maebelle, did you ever see a wedding without a minister J” “ I have read of being married by a pro bate judge, or something like that.” “ But people in onr position ! The news mongers, in print and out, wouldn’t want a better morsel!” “ You have taught mo all this,” declared Maebelle; “and you wish me now, hocause oustom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I oannot honor.” “You go too far,'- urg6d Torn. Tom was only enough of an agnostic to bo comform able to his clique; it had never occurred to him to out short his pew rent or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was so deep and sincere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bon-mots and sauye little sneerings that made up pretty much of his Stook-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebelle had proved too apt a pupil. “ But here iB Lee Vert 1” exclaimed Ksaew. " I’ll ask him if I am not right.” “ Miss Maebelle is right,” declared Leo Vert. “I partly guess, I partly heard, the matter of discussion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend.” Tom Eskow looked frowningly out over the lake with itB glistening ripple and its islands of lily-pads. “ Why can* you not enlist with us ?” asked Lee Vert; all this coldneBS in the midst of generous warmth and beanty of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zeal, was well-nigh insupportable ‘«1 oannot believe so forcibly as one must to be with von, in the elements o£- tho un seen,” said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than he could havei believed possible ; he stooped aud plucked one of the white hyacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opened scroll with its woeful ail ai ! written on the blithe Bpring- tide. . “ I find it hard to believe, Baid Lea Vert after a panse, appropos of nothing, as he reaehed for a spray of Jessamine. '* that these beautiful and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within.” “ Unseen hut potent,” murmured Tom. “Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Lee Vert,” laughed Maebelle; and as to yon, Tom, you will soon bo ready to believe in our ghost?” “ Yes,” continued Maebelle, lightly, “ since we have moved to this house every member pf the family, myself excepted, have either (^na sight or felt—a—something—which was worse.” “What have they seen?” asked Tom eagerly. “ Oh, the usual thing,” laughed Maebelle; “ all white, quite comma il fait.” “ Who saw it ?” Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. “ Dignify onr ghost with a personal pro noun, if you please!” “ Who saw her?” “Ah, you think her at onco a woman. Yon are right. Bat I will begin the story at the beginning,” suggested Maebelle, her bright, pleasant face nhlike enough a weird story. “ It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cowardiee, came home lato from a Univer sity class supper a few weeks after our arrival; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He Btepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. In the first surge of fright he braced himself for the defensive, bnt in an instant he felt ashamed of his sense muscles—yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on his head. He felt some pervading presence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in his fright he managed to strike a match. No one was to be seen.” “ Did he see nothing i” Tom’e eyes were very eager. “ Nothing,’’smiled Maebelle ; “bnt if yon still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret’s Btory. Four nights ago baby Garland was in such a tantrum as the Bweeteat babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and conain Margaret, hearing his erying and having a marvellous power with babies, started down the stairs to como to him. “ Half-way down stairs I heard her call very exoitedly to me, 1 Maebelle! Maebelle ! How could yon frighten me so 1’ I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinths she rushed into mother's room. 1 Why, Maebelle! you in here !’ she exclaimed. “‘ Of course I am,' I said; ‘1 have been iu here worrying with baby this hour and “ * I saw yon,’ she declared, ‘as distinctly as I see you now. Not your face; that was hidden. Bur your figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the mnsic-ronm door, as if you were just about to step into tho hall.’ “ You beckoned to me so anxiously, so strangely-’ “ Little Arohio, who has never known a touoh of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room and'hall. No one waa to be seen. “ Mother looked startled at the story, jnst as Tom doesnow,” laughed the fair narrator ; “ and she told ns that two nights before that she had seen a white hand reaohing from be hind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinking it me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tall person, she hurried into the drawing-room, and, though in the twilight she could see every object in the room dis tinctly, she could discover no one. “ Aunt Lootie threw up her blaok hands and lamented aloud, '' Our ghost would nover leave this house!’ she oried. “ Now,” it is truth,” continued this unbe lioving teller of ghost tales, “that we could ( not Ret servants to stay with us whan we came hers, only old Lootio »ud Wash, who would leavens for nothing. '.They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange figures even at noon. A strango sunshine ghost ours is, Tom,” sho said, laughing at his eager face; “it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had a small addition made to the old i houso, and then the eervant3 weio ready enough to hito to us; they said novr planks would drive oil tho spirits. Hut even now planlc has failed to rid us of onr haunting woman with the beckoning hand." 1 “ Now 1 shall fell what X myself saw," de clared Tom, “ tho second time I came hero to visit this houBO. It was 2 o’clock at morn ing, you rememhfr, whon my train brought < me hero from Chattanooga. I expected only Joo to bo up to receive mo, of course, the huur being so unearthly. What was my , amazement as wo drove up the avenue of uiaunolias, to see a tall young woman in white standing alor.o at tho front door. Thera was no light in all tho house. I wondered vou should bo up and alone at suoh an hour. I had tho hackman stop and put mo out half way up the avenue. This he was glad to do, I for his horses were lifting their heads and snorting with suppressed excitement. Eis own cyeB wore big us saucers. Thinking tLe figure to be you, 1 said r.o word of it to him. of course. I walked up tho avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indeicribablo grief stricken expression, tlmt it seemed almost a sr.crilego to spprouoh it. “ But as I came nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down tho lofty flight of steps, out into tho garden. Bnt that I did not seo the face I could have sworn it was you. “ Ab I was about to torn to follow it I heard Joe’s cherry ‘Hello,’ and he fiung wide tho hall door. ‘ All well ?’ I asked. “ 1 Sound as a top,’ he said. “ * Whore are, where is Maebelle ?' I “‘Inhod,’ said he. “Somehow I couldn't say a word about tho figure.” The young minister pulled to pieces a japonica wide op3ned, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover’s heart of whits despair at the truth of such happi noss and rogal hope of desire’s perfect fultil It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself S3 full of doubt as Tom IOskow should con over so credulously suoh impossible stories. “ Of course we have a raisou d’etre for our ghost,’’ explained Maebelle, lightly. “ Aunt Lootia Bays her grandmother— who was, of couree, a slavo to our people, H3 Aunt Lootio herself was in the old days—told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to soolf at anythinir. In the height of her youth and beauty sho was thrown from a horao and received an injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootio, lamenting her stubbornness, and deolaring sho would, if possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware of misbelief of their betters.” “ It is a sad story,” said Lee Vert. “ If it is true,” said Maebelle; “ but sho has not, you seo, kept her word as far as I am concerned.” “Sho may yet,” sontentiously from Tom. “What has come over you, Tom?" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. “ If Bhe does or does not appear to you, it should make uo difference in your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle,” said Lee Vert, rising as his church bells rang out oh eerily. “ If I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will marry us, will you not ?" asked Tom. “No," answered Lee Vert; “ Icannotgivo the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and iny holy office." Tom flushed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong young band to grasp Leo Vert’s. "You are right,” she said; “and be assured 1 will never let Tom ask you unless I become as you are." All the bells of all tho churcho9 in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, but Maebelle. and . Topi «“ wrapped eaoti, in a new discontent. ( t Tom couldn’t help fanoying that he gave more to his agnosticism than that- school was liko to give to him. He saw that he' conld never make Maebelle accord any show of deference to that great and important sooiety, the Church, that anyhow marries and buries ub, no matter how naw-school we grow. Tho uncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a servioe, and a monument hearing thereon seme text of Plato. He couldn’t imagine a houseful of ohildren with no one to hear them say their prayers. It was a most excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened and. promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young nieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to havo a wife battling with tears with one's manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young minister, firm, immovable in his conviotions, mistaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day Became a very heaviness of rich gold. Sud denly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessa mine, narcissi, hyacinths, bocame deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebello oaught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy elonds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in an ccstaoy of despair. Maebelle saw, or thought she saw, what no other hnman being had seen, the face of the thing. It was a faoe whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever changing anguish.’ It was a horror of fair ness, of delicaay. As the farm, light, gracefal, beautiful, yet a very inspiration of horror, drifted, almost,it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she Bprang up from the garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. A moment! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into her lover’s It was long months before Maebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated In the long night watchcB, checkered with days of suffering, she learned lessons of deeper import than thoBe of any ghost, or wraith, or spell of Bpringtime could teaoh her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, humbled of his arrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his approaohing marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people were never explained. AVhether it was re flection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from wind blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake's long ripples and ot the toss of milky fountains, or wbethor the young minuter (sor rowing in the midst of bis lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrances ot tho flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows] printed unwittingly, in the mind he thonght of, the figments of his own fancy; or whether tho coming fever of the brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners; none oonldsay. The next year the old town experienced a “boom,” as many other old Southern towns have. The lawn about the Gains' house was out by opening up of new streets, the lake was drained off, Iot3 were sold off Magnolia Grove at gilt- edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnolias, the Chinese magnolias, the yellow jessamine, and tho moat of the japanicas vanished before the rush of pro gress and rows of tenement - houses.—M. Youso, in “ N. Y. Home Journal.” Mrs \V. W. Astor has the finest col lection of rings in Great Britain. Several belonged to the ex-Empress Eugenie. One is a marvellous snake ring, which is so cunningly constructed that it seems to be 