POLITICAL For the position of Chairman of .Committees in the Legislative Council, vacated by the death of Dr. Dobeon, three candidates are an nounced — Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr. Balfour and Mr. Brosrn. Mr. Bell, who lias frsquently filled the chair in the absence of Dr. Dobson, waa asked to stand for the position, but it appeara bis business will not allow bim to give the ntcessary time to the dnties. The appointment has to be made by the Council, and the salary attached to the office la £400 per annum. Seeing that the Govsrnmant is ex hausting the resources of retrenchment, it bts been suggested by some members of the Assem bly that the chairmanship in the Upper Honse might be done away with. The Council eits only occasionally during n eonsiderable part of the cession, the meeting ae a rule are very hart, and there is no reason why the President should not also fill thaohair when the Chamber is in committee. Sir Henry Wrixon, Mr. Campbell (of Messrs. Campbell and Sons), Sir A. Snowden, Mr. P. D. Phillips, and Mr. tV. Knox, are mentioned as likely to offer themselves as candidates for the seat in the Legislative Council for the South eastern province, rendered vacant by the death of Dr. Dobson. Mr. Knox lias since signified bis intention of retiring from the election in favor of Mr. Jas. C. Campbell. A bill to amend the Theatres Act, Introduced laBt week in the Legislative Counoil by the Solicitor-Ceneral, was circulated on Monday. Power is taken in the bill to cancel or suspend the licenco of any theatre, building or garden nsod on a Sunday withont a special permit from the Chief Secretary, for any entertainment, concert, lsoture or reading. Mr. Staughton, the member for Bonrke West, took an opportunity in theAssembly on Tuasday of relieving his conscience. Last session he was gniltyof an unbridled and unjustifiable attack on Mr. Lopgmure, tiVMeused tho member for Dandanc%o/,att'addir4vacttun sales of land for the-purpose ofrunning-Jup. prices and mak ing people pay more for land thamit was worth. He went so far indeed as To calt'-Mr. Longmore a " blackmailer." EveYslnce-u. aeerns to have been. haunted by the ghost. Ipfvjf hose wanton words,, and was impellod bn/Tu'sSuay to say he wished to.retnot them. Mr,. Longmore thanked Mr. Staugbton-ior hla 'Courteoy " in a tone which indicated that he had no desire to cherish animosity. In going through the rejected schedules in the Income Tax office — that is to say the schedules of those persona who returned their incomes as being under £200 per annum— the Commissioner of Income Tax has discovered an undue infla- tion of deductions in many instances. A Urge number of those who alleged that they came within the exemption are liable to tho tax, and 750 of tfaem are taxable to the extent of £3 each. Tlits will be a considerable addition to the total amount received from the tax, and the Treasurer is confident that in another year the tax will realise his estimate of £200,000. The personnel of the committee of publio accounts to be appointed by the House on Tuesday next baa been determined by the Government, by whom the following members have been nominated : — Messrs. Beazley, T. Bmitb, K. M. Smith, Dsakin, G. D. Carter and Sir John U'Intyre. The ceremony of presenting the addresses in reply to the anting Governor's speech took plane on Wednesday at the Government offices, Spring- street. His Excellenoy received the President and members of the Legislative Council at 3 o'olock, and in reply to their address said " In tbe name and on behalf of our roost graoious Sovereign I beg to thank you for the expresaion of loyalty contained in the address which you have just pressntcd to me, and I earnestly hope that your deliberations npon the measuroe which may be brought underyour consideration will tend to promote tho permanent interests nnd welfare of tho community." Tbe address from the Assembly was presented by tbe Speaker, who was accompanied by tho mover and seconder, the Premicr.and a few members of the Cabinet. His Excellency in reply said : "I thank yon, In the name and on behalf of the Queen, for tho expression of loyalty con tained in the nddrcBS which you havo been good enough to present to me, and I fervently trust that the consideration to be given by you to the important measures which may be submitted will result in muoh good to tho colony." An alteration of the Supremo Court Act is the olijeot of a bill now before Parliament. One of its principal features Is tbe transfer of power to mako regulations as to Supreme Court lees. This power now rests with the court, but is to bo vested in future in tbe Governor in Counoil. An important change proposed is that offences may he tried in any bailiwick, no matter in what part of ilio eolony tbsy have been committed; and prsscntmont may be made at any court, Irrespective oi bailiwicks. The sheriffs, whose jurisdiction has hitherto been restricted to the bailiwicks for which tbsy arc appointed, are to bo given power to act through out Victoria. The object of these latter amend ment! is to facilitate judicial proceedings, nnd 'do away with an immense amount of delay and expanse in the administration of law. 