THE PIRATE TEH. 'A SALT%ATEB. ROMANO^,, . BY W. CLARK RUSSELU, Author of 'The Golden' Hope,' 'Tlie Death Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &e.; (AH Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) The other might have passed for a Bow-street runner. His nose was like the end of a bludgeon, the left eye was twice the size of the right, and as he stepped aft with the Superintend ent he gazed with a grin of ragged black teeth round upon the people. Yet he was some' sort of official, too, to judge by his clothes. The Super intendent walked right up to Captain Benson, and said quite audibly : 'You are the master of this ship, sir?' 'That's so,' answered the captain, puffing and straddling, and firmly set tling his tall hat. JIT ? 'L. ? m _ ? ? ~l J 1_ _ _ J T_ ? ££ 1_ _ _._ j. am iiere, saiu me oiner, co ar rest Mr. James Murray, manager of the such- and-such a bank, Sydney, for embezzzlement.' 'Lor !' said the captain. 'What's the amount, sir?' '£70,000.' ' Captain Trollope whistled long and low. The fellow with the horrible griu of teeth turned slowly and look ed at him. 'It seems as if others are to have the innings,' said Mr. Caldwell in a hoarse whisper in the ear of Mr. Ca vendish, who was staring with his con genital grin, made loathsome through the projection of his upper lip by his eye teeth. 'I don't see my man,' said the Su perintendent, running his eyes over the group of passengers, following on with a level, penetrating stare at the sea men forwards, who had struck work for the moment to gaze aft. 'Go and tell Mr. Murray he .is wanted, sir,' said Captain Benson to the second mate, who, knowing where to look, ran down the companion steps. He was instantly followed by the Su perintendent and his assistant. Captain Benson remained on deck. The passengers talked in whispers. The sensation was profound. Mr. Mark Dave-Hire and another went stealthily to the skylight and peered down. Their ears seemed to enlarge as they strained them. It was about '11 o'clock in the morning. The sun was shining with a strong heat, and there was a sense as .(of being in , harbor ivith that tug lying close alongside, panting in her heart. The blue water slopped noisily between the two ves sels as they rolled at each other, and Mr. Burn leaning over the rail seem ed able to -forget what was going f or- ward in the ship in laughing at the tug's helmsman, whose thin shape shot out of a pair of compasses into a mere pellet of head, a mere rope of onions, the least on top. 'This state of suspense is dreadful,' whispered Miss Mansel to Mr. Shan non. 'What will they do to the wretched man?' , 'Put him in chains,'' answered the ship's surgeon, who stood near. 'The brutality of it !' exclaimed^ Mr. Shannon, with a face that was sud denly dark with passion. 'Did you ever see a chain gang?' The girl with a shudder answered that she had seen men on railway platforms in England . linked together and that had been a sight, that sick ened her. Mr. Shannon was about to speak, when he caught a look from Captain Trollope. /It was a look of menace, almost of fury. It had but the life of an instant. Next breath the tall, soldierly-looking man seemed to be lis tening at the companion-way at what was passing below. All on a sudden up rushed Poole, the second mate. 'Where's the doctor?' he shouted. 'Here,' answered the ship's surgeon. 'You're wanted, sir !' The surgeon ran after the mate into the cuddy. The captain's teak-colored face, be twixt its fringe of white hairs, took a resolved hard-weather look. He wal ked apart from the passengers, and strode in short excursions beside the wheel, guessing a fatality, and await ing its report. What was the doctor wanted for; the passengers wondered. Had Mur ray stabbed himself ?— shot himself? No ! they'd have heard the report of a pistol in that scene of deck subdued by alarm and expectation, whilst on high all was still but for now and again the gull-like cry of a suddenly jerked block. Mr. Storr, standing beside the com panion- hatch, faintly . cried, 'Good heavens !' and made a quick step out of the way.. In fact, the companion ladder was then full of figures rising clumsily with the dead weight of a man's body. There was a general re coil, and most of the ladies went hur riedly forward. 'By Jove, he's killed himself!' said Mr. Davenire. The lifeless body of Mr. James Mur ray was passed through the compan ion hatch in the- triple clutch of the hideous rogue of the black teeth, the superintendent, and the second mate. They put it flat down upon the deck, right in the way of a ray of sunshine that flooded the convulsed face which looked alive with the movement of the muscles. The surgeon dropped a large silk handkerchief over the dreadful countenance. 'Is it a fit, sir?' exclaimed Captain ?Benson coming along smartly on his rounded shanks from his sacred walk near the wheel, both., his loose arms jerking with agitation and temper. 'Poison, sir!' said the surgeon. 'He was too quick for us,' said the superintendent, with a surly look at the corpse. , ? 'Did he poison himself?' cried the eaptain, who unconsciously formed the centre of a. creseent of passengers with one very white face t under Mr.. Storr's straw hat. The superintendent whispered to his ugly mate who rolled below, and re turned with the dead man's portman teau. 'He had come prepared,' said the surgeon to the captain. 'But with what?' demanded the skipper. 'Prussic acid.' , 'A surer 'trick1 than tlife 'pullet,' whispered Mkifkef to Masters: 'It makes no rness7 certainly,' said Masters, looking as coolly at the body as if it had been a fish newly landed. 'Do you carry it back with you?' said the captain. 'Ay, sir, yes, along with that,' re plied the superintendent, pointing to the portmanteau. 'Then for God's sake,' cried the old skipper with an angry toss of both his fins, 'take 'em both out of the ship at once, sir — take 'em both out of the ship at once, and leave us to proceed. Is that a sight for ladies?' 'I should be obliged if a -sailor or two would help us,' said the superin tendent. They contrived it by placing the body on a grating covered with a piece of sailcloth that the ladies who linger ed on deck .might not continue to be shocked. They . passed the dead wretch through the gangway, and watching their chance cleverly launch ed grating and figure to the paddle-box of the steamer where the thing was caught, the body removed, and the grating returned, 'Is it all right with you?' sang out the captain. 'All right, sir,' answered the master of the tug. But no hand was flourish ed, no signal of farewell exchanged. It had been too ugly a business to ad mit of any sort of kindness. 'Only this very morning at break fast,' said Mrs. Peacock, with a work ing face to Mrs. Storr, 'he was talking to me most affably. He knew my hus band well. I find it impossible to think of him as a villain.' 'I find it harder to think of him at all,' answered Mrs. Storr. 'Only im agine! he was talking to me and my husband this morning about his in tention of settling in London, and of buying a house through Mr. Storr. His voice trembles upon my ear still. It is now the voice of a ghost. I am thankful the sun is up.' 'Trim sail!' cried the captain. 'Round with that main topsail smart I ly, Mr. Poole.' His command was re- echoed by the second mate with the voice of a young lion. In a minute the poop rang with the yeo-lio-heave-hoing of pulling and hauling Jacks. The tug splashed her paddles heavily alongside, floated ahead, and curved away for Sydney. The sun sparkled in splendor in her broad race of foam, and the light sea tossed it and the bright breeze whip ped it into many glittering fragment? of rainbow till it looted like a stretch of flower garden in tow of her. The breeze 4iad freshened on a sudden without shifting its quarter or blow ing up a rag of cloud; when sail was trimmed the clipper took the brilliant gushing of wind as a horse starts to the touch of its rider. She heeled her three shining spires with their flights of steady wings between; the sea-flash broke in smoke from her weather bow. The white water swept in a smooth silky seething alongside. 'He paid his passage' money too,' mused the old skipper pausing at the companion hatch with his deep-set eyes fixed upon the receding figure of the tug. 'A cheaply earned fifty guineas and not his to spend either. So, I suppose ? ' Here the old chap gave a start re membering the -time and a few min utes later he had returned on deck and was screwing the sun down to the sea with an occasional glance, in the intervals of his observation, at a line of smoke astern, and a look once or twice at Captain Trollope and some others who stood in a knot at the lee mizzen rigging deep- in conversation that hummed with wary undertones. CHAPTER IV. They talked over this matter of em bezzlement and suicide in the fore castle as well as in the cabin. Were you ever in a ship's forecastle? Did you never see a company of sailors dining in their parlor? Here is an interior with a little square hole for light and escape call ed a scuttle; you may also enter it by way of the maindeck, round the windlass ends. Nearly all hands are below; the kids full of smoking meat have been brought along -from the. gal- ley, and the sailors are falling to. What a fall to is that! No table, no chairs, no convenience of any sort. Hammocks bulge in grimy bulk from the ceilings; a few bunks are shaped to the ship's side and vanish in the darkness of 'the eyes' right forward. There is not light enough to see by although it is noon by the captain's sextant. So Jack has lighted his flare of wick and slush which eon founds the vision in the recess by a dance of shadows. The men still feed upon, fresh meat, Australian mutton at three half-pence a pound, mangled remains of beef which, whilst yoked to the wool wag gon, was wrought by five hundred leagues of travel into *black veins and muscle tough as the upland spruce. Jack sits upon his chest, or in his bunk. Efe has jobbed at the con tents of the mess kid, and having got his whack gpne away with it like a dog. You may see him sawing at k cube of bullock's heart with the tarry blade he carries £or shipboard work in his sheath, munching sullenly like an old goat, with sTcurse at tlie lea ther betwixt- Ms teeth, whilst he bal ances his pannikin to the light, watch ing the black rum and water sway as though he expected some revelation of tadpole. He is happy; at last when he flings tinplate and tin pannikin down and pulling out a plug, of tobac co leisurely cuts himself a pipeful. 'I say, mates,' sings out' Bill, light ing his pipe with a rope yarn at the lamp, 'how do a man feel when ne's poisoned?' 'As I do,' says Joe. 'They spits better meat' than this in London town for cats. Why don't tiiey send cat's meat to seaV . It's nothen but dawg's meat for sailors* I allow.' 'I helped; to tilt the poor -levil on to the grating,'- said one of tiie men, 'and rm. bubbled if you couldn't feel him a stiffening just as with the eye ye see a piece of wood ja-curling wtoea. it?e on fire.1' t ' ':?... ?'?' '. M 'Git out,' said a sulky sailor, called Jim. 'S'elp me, then, you old cuckoo, but I ought to know, for I 'ad the 'andling of him.;' 'How much did 'e steal?' asked a sailor. 'Why,' answered Tom, gravely, as one who is acquainted with the mean ing of figures, 'I hear it was amatter of about a quarter of a million.' Silence. No man had any notion of that quantity and none liked to ex pose his ignorance. 'When I first caught sight of that chap,' continued Tom, 'I guessed there was something up. I don't like a man who wears long whiskies. I once sailed with a man with long whiskies and he tried to put his ship ashore twice whilst I was on board. He managed it after I. left her. When I caught sight of him this morning, I says to myself, thinks I, if you're go ing to sail along with us, thinks I. stand by my livelier, for a voyage of blue moons. Why,' he continued, extending his hand, 'his chasing of us showed him up. ' Why didn't he ship like the others?' But he was of that sort, I allow, who reckons that a man's nakedness can be hidden by his tavvinsr himsflf nil nvpv' 'What did he take that kiiled him?' asked a man. Nobody knew. 'Reckon it stowed snugly and might be worth a man's carrying about,' continued the sailor. . 'Think of an open boat like what we passed yes terday; throat so scorched that when ye mutter for a drink ye start and look round wondering what devil in the air was mocking of ye. Wouldn't the little portable whatever it was that saved that man from chains and the lash come in middling handy at such a time?' The speaker resumed his pipe and gazed around to observe the effect produced by his powerful imagina tion. 'I wish that old owl 'ud belay his jaw. He's too gallus quick with his blue lights,' sung out a querulous voice from a hammock. 'I'll tell you what,' exclaimed the man Tom, in a mysterious voice, whilst the atmosphere of slush-flare and dim daylight turned of a faint blue with tobacco smoke, 'that there covey as was took off ain't the only nirndiddles aboard this ship.' None of the men seemed much in terested. . A voice under the scuttle exclaimed, 'There's a cove aboard this ship with a face ate up by drink. He looks as decayed as an old cheese, as the jag ged side of the moon in the telescope. I've some recollection of having met that man. I've some recollection,' continued the voice, 'of a man having been stabbed to the heart in a quar rel, and of a chap ah the same as this pocky party being wanted for the job.' 'There's more'n one of them first class passengers,' says Bill, 'who's been to sea. I'll swear to that ; though they mayn't have the looks they've got the eyes of sailors.' 'Sogers you swear. Don't talk of 'em as sailors,' exclaimed Tom. 'I make out ten. There's a sort of professional likeness' among 'em though you shall tell me one bunker stands six foot with a mustachy whilst another might be a forecastle duff on end. I know I ain't to be mistook. I've been along with troops now, and I can tell ye a military officer without asking for his sworde' (spit). 'Two or three came for'rads. yester day,' exclaimed a fellow grinning so hard that he was forced to pull a sooty inch of pipe from betwixt his teeth, 'and was for working up a mutiny, durnjne, ha! ha! Talked of the harness cask and the demon of murder a-lying in it. If the mate overhears you, thinks I ! He whips off on his heels just as though he'd been saying nothing of consequence. But I'll tell ye what, there's more powder for bust-ups in them half-laughs and pur sers' grins than in the straight-faced tip.' Here they were interrupted by a roaring voice in the scuttle. Pipes were emptied, caps adjusted; and half the men tumbled out into the sunshine to go on with the work of the ship. (To be continued.) 