ODDS AND J5NDS. Top-dressiDg — Hair-oil. School flags — The six standards. The long and short of it. — I hear Donaldson is short in his accounts. Well, lie may be short in his accounts but he is long enough in his pay ments. She misunderstood him.— I've been working with a will all day, said a young I lawyer to his wife at the diuner-iable. Did you succeed in breaking it ? queried she. What is the greatest difficulty you encounter in a journey to the Arctic regions? asked the inquisitive man. Getting back home, was the prompt reply of the professional explorer. She : Surely, my dear, you will consider the matter carefully before consenting to Clara's marriage to old Mr. Cashman. He : certainly, I shall have his books examined by an ex pert. " Landowner to party bobbing in tbv .stream : Hello, there ; don't you sea that sign, no fishing bore ? Angler : "Y7»o oin'l: if. ririimalnnte ? Pin a fishfmr here; just look at that lor a string (holding up a dozen or twenty big fellows) ; beauties, ain't they ? The chap who stuck up that sign evidently didn't know what be was. talking about. Wife: I have just been to the den tist's and had a tooth out. Husband, heaving a sigh : Lucky tooth. It is now beyond the reach of your tongue. Scene — Cottar's house in Bute. — Visitor: Hoo's Tonal' the day? Mrs. ' Tonal' ; Weel, he's no ony bettor; but tbank- guidness, he's no ear bad as the man next door. 'A small boy in an elementary school, on being asked what were the races that had dominated England since the invasion of the Romans, replied: Epsom races, Ascot .races, Newmarket races, and Doncaster races. They say Wilkes married his cook.' He did; only she wasn't his cook be fore be married her, poor girl. Miss Luoea : Have you anything to go with my new bonnet ? Jeweller, after strictly examining the floral monstrosity : William bring tbis lady the sprinkling pot. MissX. : I'm going to send this item about our five o'clock tea to the Weekly Gossipcr .. Miss Y. : They won't take it. You've written on both aides of the paper. Miss X. : dear me, I don't see why they need be so strict about it. They print on both sides of their own paper, don't they ? Plnmmer moralizing : Do you know if you didn't smoke you would save something like a £100 every ten years ? Gibbs, thoughtfully : You don't smoke, do you ? Plummer : Certainly not ! 1 haven't, for twenty years. Gibbs: Then I suppose you have got about £200 to show for it ? The particular moral— or joke— of the modern fable is that Plummer was forced to admit that he hadu't saved a penny. Cool. — Hotel Clerk : Sir, the visitor in No. 35 complains that the room is haunted. Landlord : Indeed ? Then put down in his bill, one ghost, ten marks. Left in a hurry. — A tradesman one day noticed an excise-officer looking I closely at his Bhop. Presently, pocket- ' book and pencil in hand, the officer j entered and began a conversation. Mr. I Jones, I believe ? Yes. You keep u 1 trap 1 Yes. Have you a license lor ' it ? No. An entry was made in the ' pocket-book. Had you a license Inst j year? No. Another entry Why" did you not have a license ? Because 1 I did not think it necessary. How many does the trap hold ? Five. Another entry. flow many wheels has it ? None. Why, what kind of trap is it? A mouse-trap. The officer left the shop in a hurry. 