t&E; NOVELIST Sworn to Avenge. By a New Author, CHAPTEEL A.8TRAKGE BSI9AX.. The last sweet, solemn words of the. carriage service had been spekea * 3£&nand; wife' they were now and for aver: And after the last sound bad k?:t the- lips of the grey-haired vicar, a sili$nc& liko that of the very tomb it self ., held the bridal pair asd the wed . d£ag party in its spell, while theclergy , ' zn&n; extended his priest'y baud* to give the solemn benediction to these he just joined together in the holy bonds. ? White and rigid, as if kissed into its stern repose by the cold lips of Death, the .bride's fair face Bhone under the gauzy veil. No timid glance, no gLid .: BQBafe blush, met the eager, hankering . eyes of the dark-browed bridegrcoin as they turned together from, the alter to receive the gratnlations of friends, and the blessings of those who had given sweet Katharine Gordon to the -wildest nee and most reckless of a hard, un canny of proud aristocrats. Thegirl had pleaded and prayedajjainst ?llianee, but Ma'ico'.m Gordon was a stern man with his children, and when the proud young Sir Godfrey Ircdalc. heir to - the ancient castle and noble estates of Ashbourke, asked for the hand of £atherine,his only daughter, he would hear no arguments, but flung authority into the scale with Kir God frey's ^uncompromising- passion for the girl ; and thus it came to pass that the portionless maiden and the master of Ashbouxne, with its broad ecres nourish ed by t»e sea, its cror.-is of servants, . «nd its old Norman castle, were niadc nian sad wife. And now, the nuptial ceremony having been duly concluded in the village church, the bridal pair . prepared .to attend the wedded party to the house, where asumptuous feast and revel were to be held in honcur of the lovely mistress of Ashbourue. .S&r; Godfrey felt that the unpretent ious home and meagre entertainment tohich alone could be furnished by Kath eriBe'8 parents would be unlltting the dignity of his wife, and V.I ' the- best families' of tine whole country-side had been bidden to welcome Sir Godfrey's bride to her future home in the ances tral hall* of the Iredales of Ashbourue. .- It was 'a miserable, gloomy day, and » dense fog- from the sea had made it almost as dark as night as the company filed out of the church. Torches, held in the hands of some of \- 4he labourers on the estate , selected for that purpose from the best specimens of their class, cast a lurid glare upon the jtaved pathway that led from the church, under an arcade cf solemn elms, to where the carriages waited in she High-street beyond. ~A bright, rich carpet had been un rolled upon . the mouldy tiles for the dainty feet to pass over, and Katherine Iredaie,. in their cloud-like drapery, glided more like a 'blessed ghost ' than- mortal woman under the gloomy shadow of the funereal trees redly iliu auned by the blaze of burning \/cod. , The bridegroom's carriage was the 'fiist before the gate, and Katherine felt a shiver of deadly fear creep through her as. she found herself shut in alone -with -her husband. . jPoor girl, she took no comforting thought of the delicate silken cushions of the splendid carriage, whose steeds bore it like the wind through the grand and solemn wood that led towards her iutnre home. ?She remembered only that her pure young heart turned fearfully and mis trustfully- from the man who now was master of .her fate ; forgetting for the time that the caressing- handfrqm whose touch she shrank with keen aversion was to be her portion evermore till death should set their two lives as under. To her fancy, Ashboume Castle, of whose splendours all the country-side wb* singing, was' naught eke' but a dismal prison-ionse of all pale despairs, and- its sumptuous state a heavier burden .for her tender soul than any toil or sorrow that poverty, with free dom and peace of mind, -xmld have for her. Sadi were her dreary thoughts aa the carriage rolled swiftly along, far in advance of all the less magnifi cent -equipages, through the dense, daxkvood. _. The sound of the sapid wheels was ?eazoeiy andibla on the soft sand of the xwd- and in the silence Katherine ccmld almost hear the beating of her frighten ed heart, and her hand lay cold as stone in the passionate clasp of her husband, 'who- ia his aelfisb. gladness took no no tice cf her bride's zeserr. She belong «d£o-lnm now— tiiat was enough ! Sharp and loud through the black Detezaber day rang out the crack of a pisfc^diot, fired from the rare of the ««**™ir* *? wild yell of agony burst from the bridegroom, for the death amssde had been |only too tame to its lost the* the torchlights that lined fho HHtg fvranno to the c&stle; gleamed ** Driy«.for jour lives 4' cried the dis tracted Kitfiherine to the coachman and footman, when they made as if to halt. On, like th» swift Plutonian steeds Hew the .noble horses, till they were drawn np before the broad marble steps ?Ctbecokmule in front of the old castle. 'Qcriok! for. the love (of heaven!' cmUsd the-pale young wife, over whose apotiess bridal veil Bowed a stream of gate from the senseless heat she sup ported in her arms. JL wild acene ensued ,'when the death atriefcen master was borne by the hands Ji his servants into the. brilliant festal (tails, and laid, bleeding and nncon ?ckraa, upon a couch under the glitter jog chandelier all decked with myrtle blossoms in honour of occasion. Scarcely leas lifeless, the bride was iCatxied to the nuptial chamber^ and her pallid beauty disposed beneath the rosy canopy of its sumptuous bed. ' An qniekly as might be, the nearest surgeon was in attendance, and to the anxious crowd of terror-smitten by itandera, pronounced the wound a fatal aae. The ball had not accomplished its mission as quickly aa it was wont to do, and was lodgedin-the head, having made a ghastly, crashing wound. fie might linger for days — he might «K?ire in an hour. .Jgfanaissing the company, Mr and Mrs. Gordon, with one or two special friends, remained to dispense thewoefol duties thus instituted for the wedding ais£. And interval of consciousness follow ed the first period of stupefaction, and the wounded man was able for a brief apace to realise the fearful and most tragic termination to his selfish dream cf happiness in the possession of Kath iacbme pure and exquisite beauty. Ifcaoly and impiously he raved against the stroke of destiny that thus had ended his career, and snatched the tpinuning goblet of aUhumaa delights i fromiis thirsting lips. iortune sne U.re.hotH seemed to nave :-;-k=pA. thei: wiu^s - above h.s head, p/Lon, lo, the fates had cut the threads of his life, and all -R a3 'lost. liven in. that awful hour revenge be came the burthen of his thought. What fiend h-.l dealt the deathblow was a profound mystery to everyone. The whole country had been sooui-cd for traces of the i:iurdoiw, but cone had been discovered. It was drawing on. to liiglit of the next day, ana. Sir Gc-i£rt-y's strength was wiisisg fainter every moment, 'iin. faiuiiy attorney had just finished draw ing ut- the «? last will and testament' o* tho dying uuiu, and tho cold, gray tivi iigUt wUittiied sliil more tlio tjliest lite hue ot his f ami as he lay propped on his pillows, breatliiEij h&rd.; The meaiorieo of a.!! hid reckless youth and wilder ina.tiliood saoaieA to vise about biai in tiu; j^ioanmg of the quiet chamber, for liis v.-i-ie -faj;« roamed f roiu place to plsce with a Logg&i-d; restltas iie38 — a fear unspeakable. At last sonic phantom more appalling that :iil the rest seemed to cross his uieiiiAl vision, for, with a wi3d cry, he sprang- forward from his pillow, by which ho hud re|-oied to iiUctt the minister to ka*el in prayer - for his de part ing ecu!, and joinliug- with one hand, tvhiie Le covered his c-yes ivith tho other, he moaned oat — ' It is she ! It is she ! The wrong ed and lost one. Aa, Jioav^n, my ? -' The sentence dit-l unoouipJetod on his writhing- Hys, and .t.';e tortured man dn.-pp«l bucked ui-uu his couoh in a swoon from which he .awoke no more in this world. 