CHAPTER III. (CONTINUED). 'My dear Mrs Disney, do you usually walk as if for a wager ?’ asked a voice behind her. 'I can generally get oyer the ground pretty fast, bat it was as- much as I could do to overtake you without running.’ He was ho'fc breathless, however. Histones were firm and tranquil. It was she who could hardly speak. ‘l’m afraid I am very late,’ she answered nervously. •For what? For afternoon tea by your own fireside? Have you anybody waiting f6r you at the Angler's Nest that you should be in such a hurry to home ?’ ‘ No, there ie no one waiting, except Tabitba. I expect no one.’ ‘Then why walk yourself into a fever ?’ ‘Xabitha gets fidgetty if I am out after dusk.’ ‘Then let-’Tabitba fidget! It will be good for .her liver. Those adipose people require small worries now and again to keep them, in health. You mustn't overpaoe yourself to. oblige Tabitha.’ She had slackened .her pace, and he was walking by her side, looking'down at her from that superb altitude which gave him an unfair advantage. How could she escape those searching glances ? She knew that her way home was his way home, so far as the bend of the road which led away from the river; and to avoid him. for the intervening distance would have been difficult. She must submit to his company on the road, or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to make. ‘You mean to go to this ball, don’t you?’ be asked,.earnestly. ‘ I think not.’ . . ‘,Ob, but pray do. Why should yon shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world, and live like a nun always! You might surely make just one exception for such a grand event as the Hunt Bali. --You have no idea how much we all think of it hereabouts. Remember, it will be the first public dance we have bad at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. You will see family diamonds enough to make you fancy you are at St. James’. Do yon think Major Disney would dislike your having just one evening’s dissipation ?’ ‘ Ob, no, he would not mind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister In Hans Place, where there would have been gaieties of all kinds; but I don’t want to go into society while Martin is away. It would not make me happy.’ ‘ But if it made someone else happy—if it made other people happy to see you there.’ ‘ Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. I am a stranger in the land. People are only kind to me for my husband’s sake.’ ‘ Your modesty becomes you as the daw becomes a rose. I won’t gainsay you—only be sure you will be missed if you don’t go to the ball. And if you do go—well, it will be an opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in country society.’ ‘ Without my husband ? please don’t say any more about it, Lord Lostwithiel, I had much rather stay at home.’ He changed the conversation instantly, asking her what she thought of Glonaveril. ‘I think the situation most lovely.’ ‘ Yes, there we are all agreed. Mr Crowther had the good taste to find a charming site, and the bad taste to erect an architectural monstrosity, a chimera in red brick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crowthers have the advantage of acorns and chestnuts that sowed themselves while the sleepy old monks were telling their beads. How do you like Miss Crowther ?’ ‘I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her. She is very handsome.’ ‘So was Rubens’ wife, Helena Forman;, but what would one do in a world peopled with Helens Formans ? There are galleries in Antwerp which no man should enter without smoke-colored spectacles, if ho would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthers will have at least a million of money between them in days to come, and that they are destined to make great matches. Perhaps we shall see some of their souipiranis at the ball. Since the,decay of the landed interest the chassc aux dots has become fiercer than of old.’ This seemed to'come "strangely from him. who had already been talked of as a possible" candidate for one of the Alias Crowthers! It would bo such a particularly suitable match, Airs Baynham, the doctor’s wife, had told Isola. What could his lordship look for beyond a fine fortune and a handsome wife ? * They would make such a splendid pair,’ said Mrs Baynham, talking of them, as if they were carriage horses. Mrs Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow from the high road to the river path, which was the nearest way to the Angler’s Nest. The river went rippling by under the gathering grey of the November evening. On their right hand there was the gloom of dark woods; and from the meadow on their left rose a thick white mist like a a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical measure, was the only sound except their own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual? Isola hardly ( knew; but when she saw the lights shining in Tabitha’s kitchen, and the fire-glow in the drawing-room, she was glad with the glad ness of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. ‘ Good night, he said, ‘goodnight. Yon will change your mind, won’t you, Airs Disney? ft j 8 no t in one so gentle ns you to be inflexible about such a trifle. Say that yon will honor our ball.’ bhe drew herself up a little, as if in pro test against his pertinacity. * I really cannot understand why you should care whether I go or stay away,’ she ssM, coldly. * Oh, but 1 do care. It is childish per haps on my part, but I do care; I care tre mendously; more than I have cared about •mything for a long time. It is so small a hmg on yonr part—it means so ihuch for ! Say you will be there.’ Is that you, ma’am ?’ asked "Tabitha’s pleasant voice, while Tabitha’s substantial Bn es made themselves audible upon the Rtavel path, ‘ I was beginning to get ■ fi dgstty about yon.’ Good night,’ said Isola shortly, as she Pessed through the little gate. . « swung to behind her, and she vanished among the laurels and arbutus. He beard her voice and Tabitha’s as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maid. There was a great over-blown Dijon rose nodding its heavy head over the fence. Roses linger so late in that soft western air. Lostwitbiel plucked the flower, and pulled off its petals one by one as he walked towards the village street. * Will she go —will she stay—go—stay— go—stay ?’ he muttered, as the petals flat tered to the ground. ‘Go I Yes, of course she will go,’ he said to himself as the last leaf fell. ‘ Does it need ghost from the grave or rose from the garden to tell me that!’ 