DR. PARKER AND THE POPE. AN INTERESTING LETTER, Dr- Joseph Parker, the well-known London Congi esutionat Minister, has addressed the following answer to the Pope in reply to the recent letter of His Holiness The City Temple, London, October 9, 1895. Holy Fatherless your most gracious letter to the people of England deeply touched my heart and drew for in my best feeling towards your Holiness, this must be my reason for attempting the otherwise presumptions task of endeavouring to make come personal reply to your gracious overtures. As to its dignity, its spiritual fervour, and its pastoral solicitude, the letter cannot but be regarded as in every aspect worthy of the illustrious Pontiff of the Roman Church, In the name of God Almighty and His only Son, Christ Jesus, whom WE in common humbly adore and Strive, though in extreme weakness, to serve, I ask to be permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral so strong in large- minded desire and so tender in simple and Seating pathos Your Holiness will not disdain the approach of a solitary Protestant person, working within the lines of English Nonconformity, who adores the Incarnate Son of God as the Eternal and Only Head of the Church redeemed by His precious blood, and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation under Heaven. If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrious learning and still more illustrious piety, and to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splendour, I know not to whom I could more unreservedly offer my humble tribute then to your Holi ness. But when I seek to satisfy an infinitely larger responsibility, and to express an infinitely deeper faith, I turn to the living Lord of the Church who permits me, by the unspeakable condescension of His grace, to commune with Him in penitence and lowE acres of heart. I know no Head of the Church but the crucified find ascended Christ. I know no real and lasting union but the indwelling of? the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with the Father and the SJU. I obey no authority but the Word and Rule of Him gui est image Dei invisibility, prime genus omnes creator ipse est ante omnes, et comma in ipso constant. Holy Father, if this were a merely personal matter, I could hardly forgive myself for seeking to approach a presence so august and Bo venerable ; but, inasmuch as you have appealed to all sections of the English people upon questions which affect the very standing of the seat before God, I have emboldened myself to bear witness to the Head ship of the Blessed Christ and to decline j oom none with any man or any Church that would officially or presumptively come between me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with presumption in assuring your Holiness that this is substantial by the position of all Protestant English Christians. It has been my most solicitous desire to express myself in terms of reverential courte-: towards the personal dignity of your Helmet. and, if possible, my still intense desire to make it clear that Protestantism is neither a prejudice nor a whim, but a deep and un- changeable expression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards as the will of the True God. I pray you, Holy Father, not to despise me as a heretic, bat to regard me as one who daily desires to know and to exemplify the truth as it is in Jesus. As I wish to appear before your Holiness in my true colours, it may be right that I should add that the Archbishop of Canterbury would disallow the validity of my " orders " as d strongly as your Holiness would sceptically regard the Archbishop's pretension?. Nevertheless, it is my supremest joy to believe that by the spirit of God factus sum minister secundus donum grains Dei, quo data est mild secundum operations virtuous eyes. With all personal homage, Your Holiness humble servant, JOSEPH PARKER. 