" - - A M- i N T E R E STI NG__Sto R Y. ITA'S MYSTERY. By Ella Olioever Thayer. CHAPTER I. 1 D W, sir, would you ,vi E bavo any objec- 1 K\ 1 if lions to loaning J'0'11"60" fr n few Frank Lorraino, hurrying toward liia hotel with tho result """ """" ol tho afternoon's sketching under his arm, stopped short in utter iiniazoinent at this unexpected and singular question. JMUII1 UUb lUU ollllUUtV Ul lilt uiUj a wjr covered church u feninlo figure stopped into tliu faint, light of a now inoon. Shu was unvelupod from head to foot in a long, dark; cloak, but under tho largo lmt ho could discern piquant, girlish features and curling musses oil fair hair. An soon us ho had sulhciont'.y recovered him. I115 surprise to reply, ho said, politely, — 1. ",lfT vuu— will— rktnl gin your -meaning, 1 . -.j i<ycunteli, 0 utter,. Il—bu -jibJu-te " - ' m u e fc'y 0 u iT iv" 1 s ftiis Jl 1 Shu moved a step ncaror, as if feeling encouraged by his response. He noticed mi an- of recklessness about her, which hud in it 110 boldness, however. V " I hope you will not refuse," she said, politely. "If you will do what T ask, lt.will savo me from a terrible predica ment." .- Frank was only twenty-one, nnd nt Hint age a mysterious adventure is especi ally seductive, particularly when a young and pretty girl is concerned in it. Thuru- fui-e lie began to feel a desire to " seo it out." " I shall bo delighted if I can bo of any Boi-vico to you, "-lie said. " What am I to _ do V" if Slio hesitated a moment, then responded : witli 11 question. , ' "First allow me to ask if I nin cor- loot is supposing, you to be a strangor here l'1 , - . This _ sounded suspicious, and he re- . turneirguardedly, — ' ; . 1 have been here about a week on a sketching trip." S: " Tlion you nre an artist 1 I thought > sol" t4 Tho exclamation,- camo involuntarily ' f-'oiu hot- lips, and had a girlish ring, scom- uig more natural than anything she had said. "You know, me, then?" I10 said, sur- prissd, mid 11 little llattored. . i ' ; ' . Ho thought — or was it only, fancy P — Lhut a deeper red dyed her cheeks us she replied,— ' " I lutve seen you several. times, and your sketchbook gave 1110 tho impression that you.woro. 1111 artist." v : : . The fantastic thought suddenly sug gested itself , lo Frunk, at this, that per haps .she wanted "him to go into tho churchyard yonder, uud sketch tho tomb of some dead love. Rather chilled by the surmiso. ho said '.. hrieiiy,— , . " I urn merely an 'amateur." Tho information seemed to muko little impression, for ;without heeding it she asked, — " Vo you leavo1, £his town soon ?" "I was intending, togo to-morrow." . "Nothing could bo hotter!" she cried, witli 1111 elation that he didn't quite fancy. "Everything will bo nil right F you will play a part tor it few hours, and koop my soerot inviolate." v ' I'luy a part I" ho echoed. "What part?" It seumod an oilbrt for her to reply, but finally slio hurlod tho uuswer at him reck- lossly, : ,f " t'liat of my husband I" Fiank slaggerod backward, and hit hiiiidsoiiio brown eyes almost started fioiu . their soukuts at theso astounding words. , / " . This was something quito different from his tombstone Lhoory, but decidedly more appalling. - . Ho could not spunk. , Tho unknown young girl, as though rolioyed tliut hor - oxtraordiuary pro position wus fairly tuudo, continued vo- , lubly,— ... . :' i. : "1 cannot '.explain why I inako bo strange a request, or. even why 1 ask such a thing of 1111 utter strangor. Taut is all a part of a terrible mystery. . But it cer tainly can do you no. harm, and will savo lllll," . .The.-.- bow-ilderod ; young . man took his hat .us it to oool his distracted head. Sho wutohed him., with great anxiety, "Where— and.whon — do vou'wish me „ , . to porsouato— tho character?" hoiunuirod, at length.' v. . ' "l'want you to go wilh ino to the house of a friend, whoro you .will see only a foiv people — all slrahgors to you — ap pearing as if tile coroinony had just taken , pluco. liuru In tile church ; remain , llieru nil hour or two, thou como baok to tiii3 spot with 1110, and leaving mo go your way and forget ull about tho whole affair." She dutuilod the plan with grout eager ness. Frank, as he listened, recovored from ; i»la stunned condition, and coufossed to f iitinsulf that sho qns asking nothing uu- \- ' i.-lcanant." -cortafn/yf,-— Aoir cvor - amazing. — - — j.; w« she old aud ugly it would be diifa-- 1 m 11 was, no aidn'tseewiiynesnould notcunaent. But his curiosity was greatly piqued. " 0.m I not know what this dreadful , mystery is!" i.-u asked. " Inmossiblu ! " she cried. " That must -femain my secret, nutl you must b wear uevor to reveal cyan tho littlo you know. Frank hesitutod only a moment longur. " Very well," he assented, then. "I , plneo myself at your disposal." "All! thank you, sir, bo much!" she .. exclaimed, in accents of joy and relief. "It will "all bo" over vory soon, and 1 hope you will excuse the great liberty I havu taken in asking this assistance from a stranger. Believe mo, there was nothing else to ko-donn,'.' "I am glad you did not hesitato to ask wo. Of course you will not wonder at my natural surprisoaud hesitation," ho replied \- courtoously. "As for that, I expected you to bo thoroughly dumfouuded. I was only : ; afraid of your refusal. I do not know what 1 should have doiio hud you not allowed yoiu'iiolf to be persuaded." She mode a motion for liim to follow as sho spoke, unci started in tho direotion ol tho graveyard. | Frank quoriod inwardly whother tho friends of whom bIio spoke whero ghosts to bo oroked from thoquiot rusting-plaees wiihin. . I "I supposo," ho saiil, glanoing wist fully toward tho distant hotel, " 1 sup poso i eoiilUn t go and gut my supper first ?" . "No, indeed ! was tho quick an- iwtr. "But uover mind that. You will find a feast awaiting us wlioio wu iiio going." 1 This looked more promising, ho thought, : and started 011 after her towiu'd tho ceme tery, ' " As I10 passod through tho gato. Bho glanoed- back, and hur oyos- fell upon the sketch book. - "You must not tako that 1" sho said. "It won't look liko a wcddiiig, you know. -Hero — lot mo' hide it behind 0110 of theso graves. ' It will be quite enfo.". :T' v v ... : Frank sull'ured her to carry out this suggestion, wondering at tho same. time if ho hud a bridal air about, him generally that shoshould have selected him for the, puzzling role. He observed tlint tho slrainod-iip fover- ish manner she luid showed at first, hud gone, and in its place was one triumphant, almost gay. I \- Silently tlioy wont through tho city of tho dead, "coming outonniiotlior street, which almost immediatcly.sho loft for a narrow, dark lunc.V "It is not to bo a feast of. goblins, evidently," thought Frank. "It , bo- gins to look more liko 1111 nttoinpted robbery. This lane is just tho place for that.";;;-: . j/ ...- -. Ho was by 110 moans nlurmod, howovor, aud bogau to fool .considerable interest in his strange adventure. . - ,jiSiWhen>thoy-eamo.--barr'.tUoiendf,of5l1»o.- 3Jano;ilJuV.guido7Avho;:\va3.iii.adva'uooia four- stups, 10111110" back : to'his sido, saying in a low tono : , - \- . "After wo arrivo, follow, my -load, in everything, .phiasu,' uud do not soem'sur- prised at wlintevor happens. .Abovo all tilings, be sure and not betray how roccnlly wo imvo met,. Your' naino,.rcme:uber, is : Arthur.St, Clair." .. . " Romantic, certainly," ho muttered. "ITll bo carof ill," hu added. ."Never fear! But your name? I m.is£ know that, of course." Sho laughed— a linklingj tnusisal laugh; that suuudud singularly fasciuatiiig to his oars. _ " I am Mrs. St. Clair", sho said, with light mockery. " You may call mo -Ita when necessary. " . ' " Frank resolved to tako full advantage of this permission if bIio proved in tho light; should tlu-ro bo any, as pretty as sho seemed in tho dark. Reaching tho i.-iul of tho lime, sho took him a few rods up a road where tho houses wore few, turned to tho right, went across somebody's back yard, and brought liim up ill front of a pretty ootlugo which was brilliantly illuminated.. There witli a whispered injunction to bo cautious,':' sho pulled tho bell, and almost: instantly tho door tvas opened \- lu tho flood of light that streamed forth Frank saw a little dried-up, elderly lady; and, just behind hor, a plain , but bright looking young girl, , ' Both had uii- -air- of: groat eagerness, and tho -former took his guide into Iter anus, while the latter asked breath lessly, ' Is it dono ?" ... " All is well, Bortio," replied the mys terious girl who had brought Frank. Then, (uruiiig jo liiin, sho bade him outer. '.'This . is Mil, St. Olair," sho said. "Arthur, yoii haro hoard me speak so much of Miss Snow, and iny dear friend, Bortio Snow, that- you hardly ueod an. in troduction." ; i : " Yot it i« -a greah;ploasuro to moot '.thorn face to face," said Frank, with1 the utmost gravity, as ho bowed low,1 ; N ' . Miss Snow, tho eldsr, 50tzed;.his" hand in both hers. "Permit 111 o- to' bq.tlio Graf. to' din- gratulato you," aha ".'saul, tromulouslyl V'1 Ita is" a bi-uv0 ;gi|-.l. AVhat hns hboii done is right. 1 foel sure it is." ,? ; As Frttiik- Jiad.not.tho remotest idea of what had liecu done,, lie only replied by a few non-committal words ol thanks, valid glancod towards Ita. , . - . Bortio Snow, had taken olf hor long cl trnk. and hat, and alio stood before him in a dress of electric blue, her luxuriant light Imir framing an arch, fascinating .faco,- which had no. traoo .in it of the terrible, mystery at which' Bho-had hinted. Her eyes fell beforo his eager, in quisitive look, tlion raised , themselvos with a half deprecating, half saucy, wholly uuiiccouiitablo expression.' " If yuu will give 1110 your ami, Arthur, wo will go 'nt0 tho parlor." . .Flunk hastened to obey,' beginning to liko lbs sound of his now nmno. As. hu felt tho touch' of the tiny wliito hand on his arm, it occurred to liim that his part was an uneoiuinoiily agrooalilo 0110 to play, and that ho coulcl oulor into tho spirit of it roadily. . :i Tlioy ontored tho parlor, Miss Snowand Bertio following. Tho occupunts of the room were four young, girls, 0110 tall, dark and quauu-liko, tho others commonplace. Tour pairs of eyes immediately transfixod him with curious, inscrutable undisguised stares. Itu at once introduced him. Tho hand some girl proved to bo a Mitis Wold, and turned her dark oyos from him to Ita with 11 jealous, envious expression in thorn winch soomod in.kooping with the dark mystery involving him. After congratulations, which ho bore with a good graco, they' all prooccdod to thouiniug-room, wliero was tho sumptuous ropast Itu had promised him. No serv ants were visible, but the oldorly Miss Snow urvad everything herself. Ita led the conversation, and was very guy aud brilliant. Was it real, or was slio, too, playing a part? Frauk wondered. lle noticed that sho choso topics that w-oro very general and safe. Tho dark Miss Weld was the only one who appeared in tho least gloomy. Nothing gavo him a cluo to tho reason of his buing thoro, but,'- not allowing that to disturb him, ho abandoned himself to tho enjoyment of tho occasion, ami was ho very Londur in his maiiuor to Ita that more than nuco hu brought a blush to hor cheeks. Nothing could exceed the iiuturalness with which he spoko of hor ns " my wife." Tho elderly Miss Snow, who seemod to be tho presiding genius of the affair, wm ull tho time in u state of palpable emotion, which somutimcs choked licr utterances, and ovcrllowed in stray tears. Her feel ings wore so heartfelt and genuine that Frank, while being wholly unable to ex plain their origin, was drawu toward hor in spirit on account of thorn. Once, us she brought somo peaches to Ita, she bent over, and, laying hor dis engaged hand 011 tile fair head, said tro- mulnusly : " I am so thankful, dear child, that tlioy can novor force you to dothatdrond- ful wrong now. | At this the brightness in tho' girl's face suddenly clouded with something that resembled slminc, and her ayes fell. I " Don't tako it so much to hoart, dear Miss Snow," she murmured. " What ever happens, I shall never forgot your joodness." " There I I linvo made you romuinber ill that trouble, mid I ought not, to night," said Alias Snow, remorsefully. " But do not worry, deary ; it can't help coining right now." i Thou, turning to tho listening, curious ! rank, bug added, ourucatly. t " I um aura that you, Arthur — for I must call you so — 1 am sure that you nro not afraid of tho conaequeucos of tins step r . Frank grasped the -hand slio extended cordially, us ho replied, with ontiie truth ; .: .". I am not afraid of anything.": ...... Sho gazed a moment admiringly at his handsonio and mutily, if somewhat au dacious < features, then at Itu, us though the sight of - tho eomoty.-- pair was a joy ; and, smiling through teara, she. passed on. Tho others had boon uiuto, witnesses of (bis scene, which all evidently under stood, :: and which made -Miss Wold scowl. Itu seemed unable .. to" rocovor hcr spirits for a while/but glauood .sideways at Frank, and finally gavo 11. littlo bystu- rieal laugh, after which: her. vivacity ro- ; tinned Tho repast over, Ita took loavo of her friends, mid, much to Frank's regret, pre pared to depart. " " ' liu' was enjoying himself imincusoly, and had 110 desiro for so speedy un end- , ing. As tlioy stood in tho hall, Itn onco more enveloped '.in tho long, cloak and lutve hat, ho thought it was duoidodly hard to be so soon deprived, of a lovely creature, .whom hu had called his wife for Two hours. Aliss Weld was rnoroso to the last. Tho other girls, ploasad and admiring, but awe-struck tluoughoiit. . ' " Be, vory, v,oi v prudent, ,and . lloavon -bless- youlttsiiid-M a'sfSuow; ilia "lachry mose adieu. , .-... " Well, .what is the1 programme now?" asltud - Franlr,! rathor diaconaoliitely, when tlioy wero again, out in the street. ".. . . . " Nothing, 'except 'that you nre to go back to tho church with mo, nnd then go your wuy ivliilo I go mine," sho answored gaily, walking on. ... . Tie did. not like tho .prospect, ut all. The ond of tho ndventuro was tho only part to which ho objected. ."Did I succeed to your satisfaction " I10 asked. " You couldn't linvo douo bolter, " she - replied. . " You were really perfect." ' Something that sounded like a snio- thoi-ed laugh reached his eat' with the last word, uud emboldened him to Bay .- "Thou may I not claim a' reward for- my services, Ita ?" Slio turned her head from him, saying freezingly : "Sir, tho time .in- -which I gave you (ho right to uso that name has passod." "I beg pardon," ho humbly apolor gised. Without answering, sho hurriod along still faster. Frank maintninud a rueful -eilanca un til they were near tho old church, when ho broke out desperately : - \- "Fluaso do not bo ofieuded with mo for my carolcsaiioss. -Tbo uaino bo- como so fnmiliur that it slipped from my lips." ." You uro excusablo; but do not forget that ivo are now strangers." She spoke less coldly, but formally. This time they had coins around, instead of through tho graveyard, ' and now stoppod in tho spot from .which they had sturted. . If At least let. me oxpross my pleasure at having boon able to do you a servioe," lioHttidjdoturminodto dotain lierhy'some means.T';.'.i:i'' b.tr -. -;;1 'i You have boon very, vory kind, and! ani greatly indebtod-to you," slio replied, lier stiffness rbluxing. !"f Dbn'ir: speak;; cif that — I liavo boon fully repaid ; but," Tib added Audaciously, " I do not liko; 'subhl o; speedy end ing-" Blie tapped the ground with her foot, ana nun iiiugiieu. - . -,'I You nro curious to know what it .all menus, 1 suppose J'-, slio ques tioned. "1 inn human, Mrs. St. Clair." Tliis tiinu she lauglied outrighl.-. "I wouldn't mind tcllingyou nil now— but — no, I would not dare.'. " You have trusted mo thus far — why not trust mo further?" lie urged., "1 might bo able to nBsistyou still uioro." "Oil, 110," she answerod, shaking her head. " You have done all you can, and I:had better tell you nothing. Yon underutand, of course, that only a terrible ehioi'ge'ucy could liavo forced mo to act ns I did?" i Sho .looked at him appoalingiy, and Frank foassurod hot- upon the point. But ho felt his head whirl, This girl, ono moment so full of gaiety, nnd ap parently undisturbed by a single: care, the next the heroino of a terrible mystery nnd dospornlo with sore peril, was a per fect onigmn to him. " I am euro of ono thing — that Miss Weld is a part of your mystery, " he said. "You 'are right, she is tho boltom ol it all. How did you guess ?" " Iler looks betrayed hor." " Sure enough, sho did seem glum." Tho puzzling being by his side spoke those words iu a tono of tho greatest itiifaotioDi and lauehed again. " TOiatovor sue was, slio was un deniably bowUehing," thought Frauk, and tbo idea of losing hor ontiroly was most obnoxious. " Am I never to soo you ngnin, 01 know if what I linvo done effects youi purposo ?" " I hope thoro is no possiblo chance oi our over mcoting again i" slio cried, as it alarmed ut tho thought. Frank was much woundod at tho roply. Aftoi two hours' assumption of a tondoi relation such a quick change from the ideal to the real was chilling. "I am afraid I must liuve nittdo myself very disagreeable to you, since you are so glad to sco tho last of uiu." "Oil, no! indeed no!" sho said, quickly end oontrilcly. " But under tho circumstances, don't you soc, it would bo dreadfully embarrassing wero wo to meet. 1 11111 sure I should liko you if I knewyou — it isn't that. " ' Yet something may como up iii the future so you will need mo again — somo result of to-niglit'B proceedings tlml you do not fores...," he suggested, with eagarncss. "Let mo tell you my name anil " " I had rather you would not," sho in terrupted hastily. "But She paused irrusolute, thought a mo ment, uud concluded impulsively 1 "If you will como hero a year from now, at this hour, if it is possible I will meet you and explain ovury thing." With these words alio turned hurriedly, not waiting for his roply, and glided niviiy. lie started to follow, but chocked him- solf, "I will he horo," ho oalled aftor hor, ilis eyes watching tho retreating form wistfully. Tho darkness enveloped and swallowed it soon, but tho broezo brought back the words : " Guod-night and good-bye, Arthur." Nothing was left fur hint but to lind his skuteh-bouk nnd go to the hotel. A night's sloop inndo his ovoning's ox- porionco scum very dream-liko. Yot the piquant face of tho mysterious Ita was loo real iu his remembrance to bo a visiun. The strung desire tu find some key to so bnllling a mystery made him remain uuothui'.diiy ill tliu town, instead of ro- tui'mug homo its lie -.had previously in- tended, lie fmind the lane through which ho'-.-hnd'-'passod. but could not identify any particular hutise as the one to which he had been taken. Nor did lie, in his sauutui-iiigs, cut 0I1 any glmipso of Ita, or dark Miss- Wold, or .even wizenod Miss Snow. Hu deemed: it a point of honor to make 110 inquiries, and finally gavo up tho quest, paying a farewell visit to tliu old ehurcli, 11ml heaving n- sigh of l-cgrut to the memory of what hu toruied his short hut happy matrimonial . ux- porieuco. 1 Bhortly lifter his return .home, -Frank wont abroad witli a piitty.uf young; men, all, like himself, ambitious to. become workers in tho field of art. Cint'lTI! II. Frank, being tliu enly soil. of a vcnltliy fntliev, had ample ltiuiius to Htuoy ii'ini gratify. his tnslo in this direeLiuu. . lit was absent -about Ten mouths, during whiehliis peculiai- ndreiilm-o was l-uleguteu to the baekgruiiud of his mind, but iiuvui wholly furguttom Wlieu lit l ist I10 re turned, aim-burnt, a beard, and itu nddod maturity; so changed him that ut first -his-, father did not recognise him. : , . Now that Ira velm/i longer ooeupied.ihiBX thoughts, 'tho 1" fair -mybtciy," as ho culled Ita to himself, took a -more -.vivid, place. The time wuo-druv.ing >iear when she hud piumisud to meet him again liy tlio church, and toil liim all. Would she keep hciMVurd 1 Would hu 07er agtiin have the privilege of calling Iter "Ita?" Ho liad never told anyone ut llic singular oven!, perhaps because lie hoped to some lime liavo the story complete. \- " Ono .night, soon after liis return, ho wont to a parly given by somo friends ot Hurry Meudu, ono of the companions of bis travels. '. "S?o glial J'ou have come, liiy boy," said Harry, beiuiug doivn upon liim directly. "I want to'iutruduuu yuu to a friend of my sister's— sbo is always getting new chums, grows tired of every one iu a foiv weeks. Bill this Miss Fulcs is more captivating than all the res.t put together. 1 want to Hialto a study of her face." " Whero is she?" asked Frank, who, being a great favorilo with the young ladies, bud so muiiy acquaintances lhut ho wus not vory eugor for now ones.! "Just opposite— uour my sister, dressed iu white. Do j-otl sou her ?" "Tho tail girl with brown linir — "' " No, no— just bohind her." As his wniidoriug oyeB rested upon the young lady his friond indicated, Frank gavo a start, and uttered an oxcluiuation of amazoment. ;; For Hie bewitching fuco Iio saw, framed by fair hair,, wus that of tho heroino of Ids ndventuro I "Wlint is tho matter ?" questioned Harry, curiously. Frank recovered himself quickly, nnd oxpltimcd that she resembled somo ono lie luul unco kuuwn. Then, liis oyos spark ling witli anticipation, he asked lo he in troduced nt onco. As lie followed Marry ncross tho room 110 questioned liim in regard to her, but all he know was Hint she had just graduated from school. His sister met hor at a summer resort, whoro their friendship commenced.- Would sho recognise liim, Fra'ik won dered, i-omomboiiiig the ehnugo in his nppoarnnoe. If she . did not, I10 would wait, before rovuiiliiig liis identity, aud soo what diaeoVories lie could lunko. . lie succocdo'd iiTiissiimiug a most sub limely unconscious look ns lie bowed be foro her. Sho was chatting vivaciously with Miss Moado, and returned his gioot- ing eiiroles3ly nt first; then, ns sho took 111 his features, she bueimio more interested crossed her lovely faco. "It nlmost oeoms ns if 1 had soon you suincwhoro, Mr. Lorraino," slio said smilingly. "Indeed 1 Can you remember whore?" asked Frank, with un innocent air. "That is tho perplexing part of it," sho replied. " I am quite posiliro wo have not mot, but tlici-o is a familiar look about your fuco some way." " I can account fur that," broke iu Miss Mendo. "You snw liis pieluro in tho group Harry has, taken after they canto back from Europe." ( Conehtthil in Our Ntxt.) 