THE FUNERAL OF PATSY O'HARE. ? '. ' ' ..BY ,, , ' , ? , , ,' _ ( TRtXTJUTRtol TIREBUCK. 'Yoa're soon back,' said Tim Hoolan, na Terry O'Brien approached a group of tluvicat a street corner. ' Andhow ii Patsy ? 'Suto boys, answered ferry slowly,' 1 it's how lie will be. Patsy's dyin' ' (the group got closer'). 'Dyin': The porter 'tould mo. It's carried out of the hosspital he'll be. Someut should db aone. ' That's just what I've beeu sayinY Terry, said Tim Hoolan. '' '?' ?' ' It is, confirmed Michael Mngratta. ' Aye, aye, followed Dan O'Connell 'And to begin with, said Terry O'Brien, ' it's a' poor look out if one of bis pals can't see him off just bo cause, he's in the hosspital and not in his own bed. Och, I'd go back my self this minit only for this week s I scrub on me chin, for I'd like to go dacent. Has anny of yez a barber's penny on yo 1' Tliey all looked at' Dan O'Conncll, the only man who was in work; ???''?Ho handed a penny to Terry, and Terry went for his shave. Now there. was only one' question on the minds of all of then.' How was Patsy O'Hare to be buried? * He was not in a club, he had been out of work .for weeks, lie owned' nothing but his clothes, and he was in debt with Mrs. Burke Tor lodging?. All of the men thought of ' the pariah,' but none of them referred to it, because any given one of them in Patsy's place would have felt meanly deserted if ho knew that 'the work house' box' would come for him at the close. Moreover every ntan1 of them, was a coflin maker — and surely, be tween them, they could fit up Patsy O'Hare. That feeling was unanimous, hut the only, man who was not enthusiastic was Dan O'Connoll, the only man of them who was in work, for he could see that when the crisis came it would fall hard upon him. Nevertheless the sttiui mont was unanimous, and when Terry O'Bvien cam'n from the barber's witli a face like an eg^ compared with what it was, he was deputed to go and seo the last of poor Patay. 'Sure, I'm going very empty handed, complained Terry. ' Abie of an orange in me pockut would shew we hadn't forgot him. And .they all again looked at the only mai. in work. Dan's face twitched, but ho de livered up another coim Terry went to the hospital. He found Patsv too ill to life his hand from the q 'lilt, iind Terry took hold of the wrist anrl quietly pressed i\ While he was doins so. his other hand drew the orange from his tail-pocket and slyly delivered it on the little table by tlie bed. The nurse caught Terry's eye, and shook her head, me;inin-r — 'No use; no use — too late; too lute.' 'Oh, Patsy, ladj' muttered Terry, srently shaking the wrist. ' 1 didn't know ye was quite like this. Patsy managed to put his other hand on Terry's ; but he could not speak. The lips moved but without a sound. ' Don't trouble, my boy,' nrged Terry. 'Don't trjuble. . . Don't trouble about annything. ?. . It'll be all right. . . Keep aisy. . . Don't be f.ettin'. ? It's— it's— Mrs. Burke that de sarves me bits of clothes Terry boy. ' Och, we'll see her righted ; we'll sue iv'rything righted. Iv'ry thing Don't trouble. ? Me and the boys have had it. over. Patsy's grateful eyes looked up, then with an effort' ho asked — 1 But who s world a'? 'Iv'ry man of us ! Me, Tim Hoolan, Michael and Dan O'Conncll. Iv'ry man of us ; so be aisy, be aisy, my boy. \- Patsy was faint. He let go of Terry's hand and Terry turned from the bed to sit on a chair that the nurse lud placed for him. Sjnted, Terry was about to sprak to Putsy, but the nui-o touched his shoulder. Torry looked at her. She was looking at Patsy. She muttered something. Terry looked where die was looking, at Palsy's face, and behcl 1 a change that caur-od him to rise : but ? the nurse- held him back by her finger-tips; Peor fellow ! God's mercy on him ! muttered --Terry. A sigh came from Pat.--y, and he »va» gone. That afternoon,, while Dan O'G'onncll was at work, there was a eomultation betwpen Terry O'Brien, Tim Hoolan. and Michael ALigra'h. They 'enthus instiiMlly decided to, do Pasty honour. Uu was. to he, brought home, and was to be waked, and paj- fo.1 it who might he was to be buried in decency and comfort The . liivt_ diHiculty was tho collin. They hadn't a foot of wood between them ;,, none of_ them were in bhops ,. .,where*it might have been^ arranged ; \ - :i.nonq of them had money ; and they nil ,j .thought '? of ? Dan. Tki-y, ull knew , .w^DanU shop, they -all knew that 'there ? ''? ' ';-,WU8 a oao'{ passage, a handy' b:g win 'C- .;,dqw, ,on tho second door. Surely. ? s', I j^iq^nldn't he slip ouo or ts\o of them in 1 '' '' '.' VtliaWery night ? With Tim Hoolan . at'thi) sides, Torry O.'Brinn at tho lid, „? ,' Dan himself at tho bottom mid ends, * and Michael Magrath to keep watch bv the passage and give ' the whistle ' to drop the light when tho policeman came 1-ib round— faith, they'd lick it into ?shape in no time. ' If Dan ouly likes, he can manage it, said Tim Hooan, , , ' ?Whether ho likes it or not we'll Jil.e it, :iud do it, replied Terry, i n , bcntiiiu'iit that easily went tho round., Lat» that n'ghl, Tony, Tim, aiid Pad O'Oonnell invaded tUe workshop, Tim got at tho sides, Terry, at tho lid, and Dan at the bottom and onds. ' And now, boys,' whispered Terry, 1 put all your brains into your, hands and slave at it like liigjjurs, and good work, too, while ye'ro at it. What's that you're cuttin' Dan ? It sounds liko deal, as soft as putty. Och ! don't' be stingy, seein' tho wood isn't yer own ; give Patsy a length of good brown oak to lie on. .If anny. man knows a good coffin, he does ; and let him have it. - 1*11 give him as pretty a piece of -wood. in the lid as anny corpse had to lu'k at if -it liked to open its eyes to see what sort of furniture it was in. And what are1 yez hammerin' at, Tim, givin' the audible alarm like that, to anny sort of ears that may be walkin' the passage for a sound ? Have y^ niver heard of screws ? Do Pasty the honour of screws, and don't kno.-k up his last little house wid workhouso nails.. Whisht! 'Mike's whistle, said Dan. Down wont tho light, and the three men stood listening in the dark. They heard- the tramp of feet down the passage be a eat h the. windows. 'Boys, whispered Terrv, 'do yez mind if AJiko moved tho ladder ? None of them knew. -A policeman's whisilo buxze.'l. ' Och ! he's on us ; he's on us ! mur mured Dun. ' I. believe we're lost. 1 Yo mane found, said Tim. ' It's no joke, at anny ra'.e, said Dan, ' me taken in me own shop. Heaven ! what's that ? ' It's the inspector's little stick plaj in' a tune on the. pavement, said Terry. .We're surrounded ! moaned Dan. ' Ah, don't be moanin' yourself; into transportation for life ; if that blissid Blue Peter shews this way we'll sur round him, an.' with wo.id ; we'll collin him, an' in one of those riddy-made dale ones standin' there likomummies. 'Order! called 'Dan. ' There'o Mike's whistle ngin. ? BViih it is, said Terry, 'an' it sounds red ; ic manga danger this time Hold hard ! Stiddy, boys ! Stiddy ! Don't be brathin' iike a bull, Dan, or the man that's after us will be heariu' the shavins that you're makin' dance on the flo.-r wid your brith. Stiddy ! Stiddy ! ' But what are you after on the floor ? called Tim to Terry. ' Sure, I'm gittin' into sa/aty. I'm snug in a, five-foot-sixer. Come, Tim, and put the lid on me loose, and if that giiitleman comes I'll lave yez all to yer cbancps —to the coffins if ye have aniiy finsis. There's plenty of 'em boys; »et in 'em an' make yourselves at home. Whisht ! Och ! safe agin. There's Mike's double whistle. Up with the light, boys, an' get at Patsy's wooden. suit liUe the snips for corpses as ye are. Tho lights were turned up just as Terry .O'Brien was making what lie called a refurrection out of a colHn by the wall. They got to work again, like thieve* that they were in the dead of the night, and at last Pasty's eodin was done. But when they were all readv to move with ir, Michael Magrath' did not answer their call and there was no ladder at the window. They whittled, but he did not come. ?Faith, said Terry O'FMen, 'we can't be caught here like rats in a trap ; here's. a mighty long ropo that Dan's master has been good- enough to lave us, sure ; Pll get into the coffin, you boj.s can lower me down, an' I'll Iind tho. .lad:! or.. .But bo as gcritlo wid me, boys, as if ye was lowering me down to me grave. That was .done, but there was no ladder to be found. ' Wall ! this a trick ! Hoist up tho blissid box again and do as I did wid yeraelves,'and let us ba oft!.' .Dun and Tim, however, fought as ro who should be fiisr. ' IIoull yer noise,' growled Terry ; 'did two sons of Ad urn' iver fight to get into a coflin before ? Came down one of ye at a time an.' let us ba off. Holy Mother, there's tho inspector play in' his stick again — send down the lift.' Quick, boys, quick! Ah, come down me lovely, llight wo arc ure, boys, pull! Pull me out of the reach of tlio blue devil that's poking his stick, for me in the next stroot. Gently, gontly,;now ; pull me into tho window of hiven like tho angels as ye are. llight again Itight again. Faith, thtro's the other blue fellow playing a solo on his little cornet.' 'Whrc's Mike, I wonder?' said Kin. 'TdonV know,' said Terry. 'The spot got too hot for. him, an' he's run like snow oil: a roof.' 1 Caught, think ye ?' a--kcd Dan. ' An' if ho is, he won't b« tromblin' like you in yoiir li others. Ilould jer tongue in with'^our hand, or faith, it'll drop c-lane out an' shout ull over tho floor with fright, 'an' betmy us. An' what's tn do wid yer troth, doiu' i\ step dance with each other liko that 'i l'ut ono jaw on thu other to keep tkimselvo.s c anp'ny if they'ru afraid to be apart in a hid thuthas no br.iin.-. Hallo 1 That's good music. Listen, bin's.' The inspector's slick was honr.l ii greater distm.-e .awaj-; they ullonect the policeiam time -to puss on his round. once more, and then the opera tion's for escape were begun again, ?Te ry was lowered first. ',Now that I tliiuk of it, bo\s,'. paid ho from 'the' passage,'.' it's little, use hoistin'. the bo.v up t\yico while yo can tjo'Ulo'i'OpO to U. ijL'Ucli leg till j f*li-l'.»; du.vu'like a cuuplc'ol' inoukoys down It stick. J)ut. uioukuyH or inon iiu'ijuiolt widyee.ur the Btura will bo givta' the wink to tho man with the whistle. Och, Dan,I did'ut mane that, quick, ye did'n give me a chance to seo how j'ou'll look whin ye're hung. Now Tim, boy, you and Dan carry tho box an' I'll carry tho arguments.' Tim and Dan shouldered the coffin and Terry walkod at the side. 1 Don't hurry pals, said Terry. ' We're not stulin'. Hav'n wo been wprkin' overtime for a rushod order fur the mornin' ? Don't hurry. Take it aisy like honest men or tlio virj' legs that ye want to take yez clanc away, will betray yez. Dau, Dan, aisy does it. Your legs are playin' the thief, while Tim's hero' has a re spectable aiziness' that must be do savin' himself, for his face is like a solemn .widower's)- takin' home the coffin for hi* wife,: while your's, faith, is like his did wife's corpse, I'm as tonished Dan) I thought ye had pluck. ' ' [ ' Hullu ! hullo ! sure that's a sentry be the lamp there. Stiddy- boys. Don't shy, Dah; Eyes front/ step aisy, right, lift, an' lave the talk to me.' A policeman by a lamp eyed their approach. -.' A fine mornin* brakin', policeman,' said Terry. ' It is — but what have you there ? Step!' ' Sure, we will : stop ? boyd. Now ye. see what it is ; faith j-e know it ; there's only the ono shape whin yez come to that, an' it's hard it is whin a mini has to carry it home for his own.' ' But this i3 a strange timo to be taking it home.' ' So it is; so it ife ; but its not stranger than black small-pox that carried her off, poor sowl, (the ofllcer coughed and moved away) and as ye know yerself there's no time to lose— ♦ All right, said the officer, still moving. 'For the strict rigilations about tho likes of that — ' All— right? ' 3love on, boys, said Terry, and they soou leached Patsy's street iu safety. ' Och, now that. I think of it what a miss ! exclaimed Terry. ? We niver lould Mother Bourke what we've bee-n after ; slie won't know about Patsy, ' Now that's awkward, said Dan. ' It is, said Tim. ' But we cun't sit on.it outside until mornin', said Terry, picking up some gravel and throwing it, at tho second storey window, nnd. knocking at the door. Mrs. Burke's wrapped-up head shortly appeared out o£ the window. ' Who's that ? she cried, only half awake. ' There's four of us, answered Terry, ' three of ilesh and blood and one of wood. Come dow-h, Mother Burke, and let us in, ' What's that you've got, Terry ? ' Sure, you ought to know it ; its your own coffin. Ye're dead, ye're only dfinriu' yu're lixin' ; send down j-er. ghost to open the door, or I'll come up tho bricks an' . kill vo agen, I will. . Mother Burke soon let them in', and taking it for 'ranted that ? j-oor l'atsy who had gone was iu inside, she fell across the colhn, wailing lamentations, and in one of. hur many soliloquies she wondered, ' who-d be at the payin' of the darlin' boy's de'ats— and Tim and Terry looked at Dan. The cotiin \ras tiken into the nearest room, and ,'lVrry, Tim, and Dan hastened to the door. 'What's yer hurr/ ? asked Sirs. Burke. ' Isn't it almost time to be going, to work ?, answered Terry. ' Havun't we to arn someut to bury him, to say nothin' of; tho wake which'll ba the night of this same dar. I know vez loved Pitsy, , Mother Burke;! know yez did ; an' it's inanity a slullin' ho paid ye, an' uianny a New Year's drop he bought yc— git a bottle of O.f. in, Mother Burke ; we'll siee ye paid for it,' eh, pah?.. .But '.U'a time for' us, boys, to be out at . -work. Now Dan, now Tiiii, edmn on, i;ome on; let Mother Burke have her sleep out or bho'll be all of a blink to-night when the sarvico is on, dn' it's a wakin wake ?and not a slcepin' wake that we want. Hurro'o 1 Git out ! .. It was then' half-past live, time for Dan O'Uonnoll to b« going to his shop. But Dan fought shy of it. He was afraid. Suspicion would be certain to fall i-n him. 'Aye, if yo dont' go, said Terry, ' Go for tho sako of Pa'isy's e\ pitisis if for no other,, for he's got to be buried. Me. Tim, and Mike will pay y.ez back, -,Go, Dan lad, an' don't spoil us' all, for'there'll bo the cindles, tho bottle of' Irish, aniltho like, to Hn'y notliin' of the couclt an' the bit of 'ground. Now, Ban, be thu dacent man for us ; we'll'do tho likes for you.' Dan, however, hadn't courage. lie wouldn't go, and Terry and Tim almost e.xcumunicated him. The throe men went to order tho liaarso for next day, for' their f no Ling was t'io sooner they' goc tlint coilin uudergrounl the bettor. But tho funor.-il furnishers wanted a deposit. Tciry was ustounded. ' A doposit Y said ho. '.I never heaid of anything of that kind boforo. Wo don't wuns to keep your horse dn' coach us soon as we've done with ,'om, and if it comes to security, if .tbat'rt what. ho mane, thoro's the coltin and the corpse thatye'r'e welcome to if ivo don|t p:iyye.' Givo him the half crown Dan, but its ,an. insult. I'd vlike,a rosiite, for there's little truHtiu' ,peoplo;of bisnisti us -ud do the likes of that. Divil'a furthin' more, they'll get.' suid Terry outudo, 'an now for the.^bit of le.isohold,' roferriii?, to the co'invtaryt ,.; , ?,'''. t-i » ,I)an O'CoWneir'd'd uat'w'nnt'to go. ?Oohl I'm atthiuned of ye, es claimed Terry. « Ye don't dosarve the big aud honoured name that's tackod to yer raga and bones. Dan O'ConnoH, indeed ! Did j-or mother think ye'd bemano it? It's a wonder the great Dan himself doesn' roach his hand out of his grave at ye and shako the .price of Paddy's last comforts out of yor pockuts. Yo're in cash, ws're not ; make us oven wid ye by a loan. Come ou Dan, and be a bit of the great O'Connoll.1 — And Dan went. Duriug the day Mike Magarth tamed up. He had been taken to tho police station as a suspicious character in the night, but was discharged. At dusk, the four men shouldered the oofiin to the hospital, poor Patsy wan put in, and conveyed home. He was placed on two ohairs in the kitchen, one at tlio head and the other at the foet. That done, Terry O'Brien, glanced ubout the. place .-for the shape of a bottle, but he didn't see so much as a cork, and as a begiuniug 'he ,very tenderly asked Mrs. Burke- if she had a couple of candles— for Patsy. ' I havn't. .What's to do with the gas? ' It's like youraelf, a bit too mighty high. Whpiver heard of gas for a wake? I: niver did, and niver will. It's much too . lively a flame lor a death ; you want the lowly glimmer of a far thin rush — fer the love ? of hivon, Dan, boy, put your hand for us in yer -pookut agen, seein as Mrs. Burke is toj mane to light Patsy ac cordin to the dead. Why the angels would think we. were in competition with glory 'itself if we waked Patsy with all tho full force of the gas works' at our back ; uud for the sake of dacent humility, Dannel, bring us a couple of. dips and we'll cut 'em into four — and now to speak, filuin, Mrs. Burke, what about the bottle— the O.I.— did ye attend to it ? ' I did not. ' Och, iboys, here goes ! (Aud he took oft' his coat). ' Follow suit, boys. Put down yor garmints, like men, and we'll club for it. .'An what about clothes for tho burryin? asked Tim ILiolan. 'Arra! we'll go, in shirt sleeves if we've had whiskey .overnight, but we'll hardly go at all if we've had none. Luck find us in the morniu, it's honour for Patsy to-night. Come on now! Iv'ry mnn with his coat! culled Terry, folding his, Tim's and Mike's on the collin. ' I'll keep mine on me back, said Dan, ' but here's a shillin for ye. ' I-Iurroo, cried Terry, taking up the coin and the clothes I'll be buck in a crack. 'He returned with the two candles, a bottle of whiskey, uud his own coat on his back. ' An sure, that's a trick, said Tim. 'Why didn you pawn yer own ?. asked Mike. Itwasthis way boj's. I fblt chilly gdin an T put it on. T was' sure I'd be chilly comin back, so I didn't toke it off. But here's your bottled cbns lation, and what more do ye want? And I've provided for the future, for I tould some of the neighbors as I went along that if! theyd bring their own whiskey and a drop or two over, they could come an join . us. The glasses Mother Burke ! Och', ye're quicker with them thait ye wus wid the bottle ; but ye're a lady, and yo 11 bo first. There's for yez. Now, Tim, now Mike; now Datinel — and more work to ye. Up boys, an blessed be Patsy O'llare. Oh, Patsy O'Hure. Oh, Patsy O'Hnro. An why did ye die like a breath of tho air? Wo loved ye mo boy And tho tear in the eye Is cryin 'Oh Patsy, Oh Patsy O,IIure. There waa a loud knock at the front dor. ' Save us. ? I thought it was Patsy at the lid, said Terry. ' It's tho neighbors alriddy. . Luk at that. Open the door, Mother Burke, and let ivry soul that has its credentials with it in a glass case, walk inside; the others can walk homo. Oh, Patsy O'llare, Oh, Patsy O'llare, An why did ye die like a breath of the air. In walked two policemen and Dan 0 Connell's employer. N ' An whuts this disturbance of houtbt iolk keopiu the dead company? demanded Torrv. 1 What about this collin ? demanded ait'ailioer, while Dun's master examined tho wood. ' What ab jut it ? It's a good un, said Terry. 'But in it paid for? asked tho second ollicer. ' And who ' turned you into tho County Court? ' At any rate wn'll .turn you and your three mutes into a police court, Do you recognise it? he asked Dun's master. ' I di\ if* my wood. Thev made it on jny prumisos. Uere'aro the oak shavings thut mutch it. I give the four of them in chuig'e. Mother Burke foil aurosi 1ho cofiln with a great wail. '- Oh Patsy is it Btolen wood ye have abi.ut yo ? Have pity on a poor, lonu, innocent widdr. gentlemen. Oh, I didn't think Terry CVDricii, that '? yo'd mc.ke me a victim, of rccttvm stolen Roods. Away with the four of 'em, at brazen a .pot of rogues us ivor took advantage of a widdy's roof,— and Terry, Mike, Tim, and 'Dun were matched oil'. Next morning they each got three months. Terry, in tho name of charity iind justice, begged to be let out on bnil for tho funeral ; even if they let him out iu handcuffs he'd liko to bo there. ,But the appeal was .not heeded and the.tour nion were mo»od boloSv, tho sound o£ Terry O']$rh$a'H voice coming up the well of the dock sing ing : ' Oh Patsy O'Hare, Oh, Patsy O'Hare, And why did yo die liko a breath of, tho air ? Wo loved- ye, me boy, And the tear in the eye Is cryin, ' Oh, Patsy, Oh, Patsy Q'Hare Putsy O' Hare's funeral took place that afternoon. ITo wor'-' followed -to the grave by M ither- Burke, a dozen other women with shawls anrl aprons over th'ir heads, about twice as many barefooted children; throe rag dqlla, two disconsolate- looking mongrel ter riers— -and the undertaker for tho balance of his account ' 