I MATCHLESS WORTH. I (Bv ' The vet.') | Sir UoV.ert Peel's colonial guardians ot tne police, as invested in our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoiia, added much luBtre to her crown and dignitv in this tiortion of her ; Greater Britain. The majestic achievements of these aspirants for fleeting flame must *»re wliile have made the very angels weep. For, rb memorv reverts to tcencs and incidents long past' of the full tide of honor# that flowed from such heroes, one is reminded inoRt forcibly of the Arabian Nights of Kant urn biaiii creation. Hutjlhero is a dif ferenco with a «iieiinct.ion between the romauce of Arabia and the stem reality of deeds enacted in the extremely civilised I colon v of Van Diemrn's Land. Tis not to b- wondered at that strange and .xtraordi wdi'euVul.j' cied to tin- niafldeuing treatment they enduri'd frotu cruel creatures con stantlv tormenting th--iu. Quaint notions lilled the brains of many prisoners : that for all the trials suffered here below nnjuBtly, a far more exc eding amcuoi of bliss would whirr' tbey exp'Cte'i the tables would be turn-Moil their oppress. Hence 'Frank the roel' opines ihai erimlnals are a highly favorMi communiiv on the happy huuting grounds and throughout the endltss domains of IShbinai. He tells us that in a drt-aiu hc'lhonght he died, that his spiiit travelled, first 10 Liiubo.or the middle state, but nonce great earthly functionary informed liiuj there was no admittance in ; that novel uUra-mundane and mythical j peniU-iiiiari, | For F»ld l'in- — ' 'Vain are all jourliopis, As t Wis is tin' place for bibhops, priesls, and 1 popi-s. And, as it's a crib nf onr own invention, Of course we've nni «he least intention admit such a toolish elf, Who scarce on earth could blefiB himself.' Dreaming on, Frank rowed with Charon in his crazy ferry-boattto the Cimmerian^ gates of Tartarus, and sought entry within its gloomy portals. ' Ah,' said Satan, ' you have gone astray, Convicts never come this way : They go to heaven in droves and legions, A place 60 called in the upper regions.'' Baffled for the second time. Frank de termined 10 endeavor to discover the only plnee available, bo he journeyed over barren lands and burning sands, anH eventually arrived at the Celestial City. How to effect , an entrance here was a puzzler, so | He boldly taoped at the pearly p*to. Out popned St. lVtcr, saving ' Where's your cerliticatc ?' Frank—' Alas, 1 have none to show.' Peter — 'Will, who, then, in heaven do you know ?' Frank— 'Oh, there's bold Jack Donoghue, And Johnny Troy and Jenkins, too, Whosj backs by scourges have been man gled, And at last by Jack Ketch were strangled.' How they choruc'd 'LetFraukin. For he is thoroughly purged from sin And then thci' cried aloud to Job To ' put on liim the scarlet robe And go lo the flock straightway And kill a fatted calf to-day, For we will have a grand repast Since Frank tbe Poet's in heaven at last.*' 'What a sublime consolation for law breaking and vicious scoundreldom ! Yet, this queer creed had its adherents among the 60,000 or 60.000 transported felons who graced the fertile shores of V.D.L Many were the victims of cruel circumstances, as innocent of crime as the babe unborn, but herded with rufllans of every grade were soon made as bad as the convicted crew they unfortunately had to mingle with for years, Men reared in the belief that ?? Nature provides alike for all. For every' man an ample store, lint selfish men by laws forestall Tbat Heaven haB given to rich and j-oor' would not be long in contaminating per sons sufi ring innocently, or for some trifle that would be expunged with a tine iu tbes^ da\s. luingiue delinquents drawn from this school of infamy and eb vattsd intoguardians of the pcace, armed with po^cr to revengu themselves on whomsoever they could, as a set-off for, ami in satisfaction of, past penal servii udc. and }ou have the key to many exploits and strange doings of the numerous police force in this new land. Added to this, a most pcrni ious custom prevailed of allowing ita apprebendine constable half tbe fiue imposed upon mis lemcanant who at the trial pleaded guilty. For. if the de fendant did not, extra tines were aided for each oath, aud woe b-ti fe the offender if the same policeman got hiui or her again. '? The Vet.' was instrumental iu ''oing awa»' with this barbarouu practice. It occurred thus Having some fiusin-ss wiih Mr Sand ford Scott in the 'information office.' that genih man remarked, 'Ho-.v frequent some constables come for ibe half tines, while others seldom or never coui^ at all. By the way,' said Scott,' did -ou notice a little fellow pats out of here as ;. ou came in ? By George, he's always here, at least two or three tim- s a week. H-- mubt be making a pil- with lines an.J paw' '? OU, yes, J know him wll,' replied ''The Vet.' 'He is a Spike Islander, and as ignorant as a kieh of brogu- 6. Why. the other night he actually ran the superintendent of ihe orphan school (Mr A B.Jones) in for being drunk, pre teuding be did not kuow our mutual friend. But I'll kvep an eve on him. he's named Woods.' K-xt night our vigilant Woois was on the dog-watch. It was raining slightly, and had been all day, a sort of pea-soup weather, up from the south-west. Going out to effect a purchase for breakfast next morning, who should be standing at Hurley corner, viz., Collins and Murray streets, but Woods. In those days old Johnny Doyle ihb book-seller ran a temperance coffee shop in Colllns^rcet, near where the Cascade llrewerv office n&c; stands, and out of Doyle's came a very slight built man named Curtis, bent on goine to work as a com positor at the (jnordim office, now the M'Tcifry. As Curtis came to Hurley's corner Woo is' police 6taff came down on his b-:ad just as Gurus was in the act of stepping off tbe path into the road-way, ftnd almost jumping to avoid the water Bo^iug down the gutter. Tbe blow wa» heavv ftnd up expected, and Curtis, a poor, delicate njan, fell with a groan into th' gutter, whereupon Wools rolled over him. making his own nose bleed and ripping his great coat — he ha I it pe-wn ready 10 rip at any lime. 'The Vet.,' wi id )jal witnessed this piece of acting, qui1 tjv cross -il over to Woods, but dald nothing. ?' Will you held pie wid this ease: ?' eai'i lie. Mo*t decidedly,' said ''The Vet'' In fact the poor fellow Curtis bad to b« carrieJ. so stupctl?d bad lie become from ; the force of the blow. Ariived at the watch house the grim fan began. Dicky Popham, the district constable, was on duty and came forward to enter ibe charge. The man Jav fctreudi'.'d on the floor, inert and j sileut. ' Drunk, disturbing the peace, I usiug obsc tic language, assaulting the coufcUible. and teanug hie ulolhcs,' sail Woo e, parrot-like, repeating the j charge as lie had learned it from the old hands. This beinij entered in the book — ?' Si*n - our nau-.e,' said Dicky. '? Any wit n a z7'' 'Yes, sir,' answered Wools, 'this coneitbCc,' ' Right,' remarke.l Popham, still waiiiug. ?' S- arch tbe prisoner.' 'Do I nothing of the klna/'^H1 '? The Vct.,' turn I ing the key in the waUhi.;vsc door and ; I pulling it out of the lock unnorte.-.!. ;i Well, j remove the man into the big room or over, into nJ;c cages, just as you like,' said Pop ham, 'i supjiose he's auvthing on him ; drunk as to !£? someone has sure to have been through hiiu.* Bp Dicky turned to go from the table. ' There's another charge to enter' said ' Tho -\ ct,' ' hat ' Aiut j ou got enough against the poor devil?' remarked Dickv, 'Oh, yes,' responded 1 ' The Vet.' Kr' W«o4« aotjr began to show signs of uneasiness. ' I icharg,c thjs man ; Woods wi Lb a murderous assault vpon a ] peaceable citl* .n.* said ' The Vet. ' So, eo , ; mv g. ntle child,' sail DicVy, 'then you're nicked at las?. Why, it oo\y to-day ; Johnny M-Guire was drawir.2 my &tte;»iion ; to 1 he fact of ^ou and other Dew chamg , making fSimes by' these heavy lines. Jimmy Vre/r, lb-- v.-aterman, has been fined £10 s^-efk f.iCHs lately. Always the same cU&fye;, ti^t-sv^ie Cue, and prcttv near the mini' nj.pfwti -niKng nonstable. Its time this . game wass'.opped. Ivocfc ff-r Woods in the day-room, and help me np sdth tbi* poor.' fellow. Ktsa;.inp to putCartlson the watcfer house bail his cloihea were found to be too wet, and his head still bleed ing, so he was laid upon a table and 'The Vet.' ran for Dr. M'Carthy, who opposite St. David's, next tbe j Mai quifi of WMcrford Hotel, kept by Billy Drink water. The doctor camc at once, u-ujhed and bandaged the poor fellow's head, stripped him, hanging his clothes near fire to dry, and promising to 6end word by his boy to Doyle's to have the man removed to bed, stating he would be well enough to appear against Woods in the morning. The charge sheet next morning was long and diversified. First came ' the drunks,' then ' tbe disturbers,' n-ud. such like. After which, as the plav bill reads, came ' a case of a ticket-of -leave man being out after 10 o'clock and performing at the ltoyal Albert Theatre.' William Burrell pleaded guilty with extcnuutiou. Had the presiding Justice discharged the culprit, and bid him Go wash 111 the pool of Siloam,' it certainly would have done the fellow gosd. fts he appeared in court made up for a low coiuedv pari' in a farce entitled ' Tho First Night of my own Ghost,' with all the 'slap' 011 his face, his head adorned with a colored scratch wig, battered hat, etc. Mr Wilmot, the stipendiary, rose his head and burst into a roar of laughter ; the whole court, bccame convulsed as tbe unfortunate ' player,' who was a great opium cater and ram drinker, cast bis large and terribly funny eyes around the assemblage. Quiet being restored, Burrell was dealt mercifully with, in consideration of the fnn tbe Bench had enjoyed at his ex pense. A second magistrate having tuken his &\--at. Woods' case was called on. The charge being read, the murdering villain pleaded not euilty without raising his head. ' The Vet.' made out a clear case against the offender. DicUy Popham made his statement, ami the poor priutcr related all be remem bered of the cruel circumstance. The Bench then requested the doctor to give bin evi dence; and the legally qualified medical practitioner, with his professional tech nicalities, described the serious injuries the complainant ha I received, adding that 'the slightest extension of tlie wouud would have produc.-d cephalitis (inflammation of the brain), from which the patient must have died.' Now the Bench looked grave at the prisoner, ' with eyes severe,' quoting ' modern instances,' and passing the lenient sentence of ' two years' imprisonment, with hard labor, in chains.' Had the scamp been tried before John Price he would have been fully committed, tried by 'Joey Hone,' or Ju 'ge Home, and hanged without mercy. Very shortly after this incident the ' fine ' racket was rescinded, and, as a natural con ecqucnce, the cases of assault became beauti fully less. At this period there were about f»00 rank and file iu the Military Bnrracks, 28 ships in the whaling trade, besides a good number of Yankee crafts running into the D^rwent to refit; the diggings were at fever height, ' The highest price given for gold ' appeared in numerous shop windows, and immigrants were arriving in numbers at the South, only to leave again for the North, as the brutal Master and Servants Act scared them. This exceedingly unwise policy of a benighted Government was a sequence of penal discipline which they could hardly dis associate themselves from. Among the military officers under Col. Despard, of the U9th Regiment, was one Major Last, who will figure considerably later on. Ono lovely autumn night Bill the Traveller, who was doing his last turn of duty as a constable in Hobart Town, having arranged to resign the next day and leave for Victoria by the Gold Seeker, Captain John Clinch, got very drnnk at the Royal Oak, in Macquarie street, fighting with the soldiers and other wise making himself a nuisanoc to tbe licensed victualler, who bundled him into the gutter at 11 p.m., where he was fonnd by ?' The Vet. ' but Bill had been lost to the sergeant of the section, J. Grey, from 10 o'clock, who had worked the beat backwards on tbe figure of ti. and hammered his '?chronologer1' (stick) on the pavement, the usual signal of the sergeant to call the policeman on am* beat, if wanted, to get night reports. Bill should have left at 12-30. reported himself at the chief station, and .one home. Poor Bill hart been so elated with golden proap. cts that he was induced to imbib : more sheoak at the Royal Oak than was good for his morals, -for when tight, William was ungovernably pugnacious. What to do with the sweet William in that state required study. The pub whs opposite the Hutchins school, and next that a public fountain for water-carts on the corner of Barrack and Macqaarie streets, so ' The Vet. ' obtained help and planted BiH behind tbe pump to sleep off the effects of the brain - muddling drug, euphoniously termed colonial swipes. Towards three in the^ morning a great disturbance was taking place near 'the Duke of Wellington,' 'the dogs in the neighborhood helping to swell the volume of riot. Kenning down Mac quarie- strrct 'The Vet. ' came up with Bill belaboring Mr John Forester and practising Deaf Burke's three first on poor John's face. That gent rushed behind 'The Vet.,' ex plaining, in between dodges away from Bill's fists and feet, that he, the unfortu nate partv, was out with Major last, that he left the Major on the corner a short time since and was proceeding down Macquarie* ftree-t, when be was accosted by the police man who seemed ma 1 drunk, and accused of being a prisoner of the Crown, prowling about for some unlawful purpose, that his name was John Forester, Esq., ex-police magistrate of Port Sorell, and now account ant of Government Stores, with Mr A. H. Boyd, at the end of the New Wharf. While recounting this history Bill was dancing round J.F. like a Merry Andrew, planting a blow now and then, exclaiming, 'That's a b auty,' meaning the hit got in on J.F.'s face. Pacified, Bill would not be. so J.F. implored 'The Vet.' to let him go to the lock up. This just suited Bill, who started again pummelling .l.F. to bis heart's con tent until Forester's cries were beard by the l-obby on the Middle Buildines, who came to the rescue, and \\-oor John Forester was saved from the onslaught of Bill the Traveller. Matters were put straight at the chief station, and the traveller was locked up. District Constable Thorpe sent a man out of the barrack room home with Forester, who appeared against Bill the next morning. The Bench sent Bill to PorL Arthur for 18 months, so his delusive gold dream ended most disastrously. Moral — Drink is the arowed enemy of every man, for John was not a bit too sober, and should have kept more seasonable hours. ' Tbe Vet.' came in for a few pokes from Bill while shielding the '? Ex-police magistrate of Port SoreU.' 