THE ARCHBISHOP-ELECT OF ADELAIDE. SERMON "AT ST. FKANCIS XAVXEB'S OATHEDkAE. At the High Mass af St. Franois Xaviere Cathedral on Easter Sunday morning the Kigbt Her. Dr. O'Keily, Arobbiebop-elect of Adelaide, preohed his brat sermon to an Ade laide oongregation. In anticipation of bear ing His Graoetne Cathedral wae crowded by eager listeners. The Rev. Father McEvoy was the celebrant of the Mass, and he was assisted by the Uev. Fathers Hurley and Cos grave as deaoon and snb-deaoon respectively. Arohbiahop O'Keily presided at tbe throne, and he was attended by the Very Rev. Arohpriest Nevin. After tbe first gOBpel, the learned prelate asoended the pulpit, and seleoted as his text— "This iB the day whioh the Lord hatb made; let us be glad and rejoioe therein," taken from Peatm 117 and used in the Otfioe and Mass of the day. Tbe preaoher saidIt is possibly a happy omen—it is oertainly a happy coinoi denoe—that my first words to tbe Catbolios of Adelaide Bhould be spoken on Easter morn. Greetings are more pleasant in the giving when the oiroumBtances under whioh tbey are uttered are ebemselvos of a pleasing oharacter. To Catholics the great Pasobal feast is the first of all Christian fes tivals in the jubilation whioh it brings. The season of fast and abstinence is over. The sombre draperies that darkened theeanotuary during Passion-time have been swept aside, and the altar is bright with flowers and with the priestly vesture, radiant in its white and gold. Tbe laBt echo of doleful "Miserere" and plaintive " Lamentation" hasdiedaway in the distance, aud tbe sound—tbe weloume sound—of gladsome "Gloria" and exultant "Hallelujah" fills the air instead. "This is the day whioh tbe Lord hath made; _ let us be Rlad and rejoice therein." So saith the Church, burrowing the language of the psalmist; and to her salutation our hearts readily and fervently respond. The oooasion is favourable to a speaker; and it is indeed with a mind affected to the full by that eeuse of peace to which the liturgy invites us I deliver my first mossage to you, the Cathedral portion of my fiook. The task allotted me is assuredly an easy one. I have but to voice the sentiments that find a plaoe in your hearts. God grant that the happy acoeBsories of the moment prove a presage of future blessings, and that with the joyousnesa attendant on the beginning of my administration the joydusnesB of the issue may be in full .aocord. Angelic lips gives us the key to the solemnities of Paschaltide. To tbe pious women of the gospel it was a heavenly mes senger who spoke, "You seek Jesus who was cruoified. He is not here, for He is risen, as He said." Two short days before they had seeD, with weeping eyes, the mangled frame of linn whom tboy had so loved andsorevered laid lifeless in the grave. With his corpse their hopes, their loves, their happiness seemed for ever interred. But joys olt come quick when sorrows have gone thick before ; and the sun of the first Easter morn was already signalling its approach. Tbe straggling rays it shot above the horizoD, as glad pledge of the coming day, were the pledge, too, of light and of consolation to the troubled mourners' souls. Tbe mystery fore told had indeed been accomplished. No further need to look for tbe cruoified amid tbe darkness and the silence of the tomb. JeBusbaa burst the bonds of death; he has triumphed over the cruel, grim tyranny of the grave. Clothed with immortality, be is beyond reach of the maliceof tbe most fiendish of bis foes. His glorified body has entered on its beatitude. With suffering and humilia tion and sorrow he has no more aught to do. The eternal splendours of his Heavenly Father's kingdom are now his inalienable lot and share. In its marvellous, because Heaven endowed, unity the Church recognises no distinction of olime or age. Those poor Syrian women—whose Btory an inspired pen disdains not to narrate — though belonging to the first century of the Christian Era, are, in faith and hope and charity one with us Australian Catholics of the nineteenth age. We share their sentiments, we enter into their feelings ; and grieving with them in tboir sorrows we have a right to be gladdened with them m their joys. With them we have stood by the Cross of Jesus and pondered the agony of our Master's dying throes. With them we saw him grow faint and fainter, his life - blood ebbing rapidly, until at length, with head bowed upon His sacred bosom, He gave up the ghost. With them we acoompanied Him in spirit on His sad journey 'o the sepulchre, and with quivering lips kissed the stone whioh marked the spot wbere He reposed. Asso ciates in tribulation we olaim association, too, in psace. The hour of our mourning iB over, for (for us as for tha holy women) the glad Faster day has dawned. A great light hath sbined in the darkness, and brightness and jubilation take the place of gloom and awe. He whom we loved and was dead is come to lifo; He who is our treasure and was lost is found. The reign of our Em manuel has been inaugurated. ChriBt rules in power and majesty. Hear the herald's pro phetic cry—" Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Sion 1 Shout for joy, O. daughter of Jerusa lem 1 Behold thy King ooineth unto thee." Let alleluiaB ascend in peals of greeting as Ho approaahetb. To the Prince of Peace, to Him who is "God with ub," be hosannas ten thousand times ten thousand fold. " This is the day which the Lord bath made; let us be glad and rejoice therein." With these words I began my brief address; with them it is not unmeet that I should draw that address to a close. The utterances of the Lord are utterances of might; and the senti ments whioh they suggest they have it in them also to evoke. May the divine message work its full effects in our hearts and in the hearts of all. May that peace whioh, descending from on high, surpasseth all understanding, fill our Bonis to over flowing. May the joys that throbbed in the breasts of the devotod women of the gospel on the first Easter morn thrill likewise through every nerve and fibre of our inmost souls to-day. May our present passing glad ness be a prelude to the gladness that endureth. Where the Master is there should be the household. The children's place is in their fond father's home. May it be our lot, through the Redeemer's mercy, one day to join in person in the heavenly triumphs of our King. As we sing here, may it, by God's goodness, be given us to sing hereafter— " Alleluia, Alleluia ; glory to the crucified and risen Saviour; HoBanna to the'Son of David now and for evermore." Theoboir, under the leadership of Mr. W. Gordon, rendered'Haydn's "First Mass" in its entirety, but much of the effeot was lost through the insignificance of the organ, which' does not give Miss O'SuIlivan the oppor tunity to help the ohoir very munh. The : offertorium proper for the day woe "Heeo Deus" (Latham). At the oloseof the eervioe Miaa O'Sullivan played the " March in G" (Fabian Rose). At the usual evening eervioe Miss L. Oarrigg sang " O Saorum Oonvivium" iEnsile Glover), and the ohoir rendered jatham'a Usee Dene" and Giorza'e " Tantnm Ergo." Father Gosgrove gave the Benedic tion. . After the sombre dressing of the altar during Holy Week its appearance on Sunday morning was beautiful. Flowers were ar ranged in great profusion. The deoorations were aarried out by the Sisters of Mercy. 