A HOY'S ri'.KAK AM' ITS RESULTS. Francis was the toy's name, and Ada as Ilia r. 1 t 1'Vancis »«s a In 1 • uiit miscuiei ous j 11- V I.ead of bis class | -Wl, liut through his tricks ;.- ., • nUavs ge'ting into trouble. Ada, Ids fisit-r, was quite different, lei..- l-Hiln.r dfliculi—a very quiet, •.'••ntle yi'Unc pirl. Nu limili-T hmi! sister were ever more uiilik-, I 111' almost black hair, dark -Vi s HKii sallow complexion forming a K'rikiii}; r.n.i rust to liis fair hair, grey i -v<-\ and that mischievous look which iiovit 1-ft lii» fiico. Francis bki'd to frighten liis sister, and bi'inj; fund of rending eliost stories ('hi- more frichtnmig the better), he was ali'.e in pick uui one to tell bis sister that would bare ninde the hair of most pi-oplr ft n'd on -lid. This night the wind was howling around the hnuse, and Francis was tellinc bis tisti-r a most frightened ii.d.-ed. Now, vru silly thin;;, I espect you ivill be "seuing a ghost, her brother said. liut Ada reuifujbpred the ghost all th- next day. Evi-n iu the afternoon it haunted In r. The i-cbO"! was nearly a mile off, hut tliut day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it ruined. A heavy tliuud.-ri-tonn was coniing up. Ada had to go 10 the store for some groceries and by the time she vae half way lioiue, she had to slop at a ueighor'b house forsbulti r from the storm. Francis had pone straight home. Dowu the rain came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was nearly dark w ben the storm was over. The water lay in large pools on ihe ground. - Ada had yet half a mile to go through a (hick dense scrub. This wns not. all. A waterhole that the bad to go past 5vas said to he haunti d. A few months before a tramp had linen found drowned in it. Since theu after dark a trauip was said tc loam about there. As she walked along the branches - threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between tbe branches. , ,„ . The ghostsiory kept running through her head. She quite expected to see the ghost. Trembling with fear, f-he crept up nearer and nearer the waterhnlu. * Oh j If she oply knew some other track than that past the waterliole.* She dare not leave (lie narrow track winding in and out among the hushes, fihe knew no other way. Hark, what was that noise ? Was not that something 1 ll moved. It was not a BUimp, was it t She stood still. . j. No, it was only ti shadow. liu'-^ninethiiig furLher OD, quite white and motionless. The bruncbeeUioved and tbo light fell «u it. Only a bough of withered Jeaves. She «t»rted on *gain, when something sprang out from behind liuah. ., It stood against tlietlark background of leivea while and shrouded, Theshostl Slowly it raited its iiand as if ID warning, There it slood, white and motionless as a statne. ' For. one moment did Ada stand transfixed; then with a terrified cry she : dashed madly away. But was not the gost rather email. ? It laughed. - To herthe laugh was terrible, hut in reality it waa one she ahonld iiave known very well. . Splash ! she was in the water- * : hole. She had run right into it in her — fright. The ghost'a iandlell, and he ran toward tbe waterhole. There was Adft, right in the middle, straggling. Sown sbe disappeared. • ; A few laubhles arose. That wu«ll. The ghoat saw this, and flnng off the diroud. - Now it was the ghost no longer— only Francis, ASaV oroiJier. Prancisjuniped in;after?hi£ nister. But the water]bole "jraa 4l large one, and lie oooid not-find licr. • Hewasfrightcned. -Whatcotild lie •do.1 '"•'•' ft ^j^yM.notj^ijmll ^it /onceuhe *tould he di»wn<^ He iad bnly jmeant to frighten •tier/ jH^lieiiUecj^erl hanntedhitr. ^^ojBM^^^'bntliegB: viuuiil tfi> his iiiu'ii' ; She was preparing a supper for • AJ„ ^jn | Ada's fillen in 'he water hole ; she j WBsruui.ing haid and fell in. 1 couldn't i ^ ^ ^ | fc ^^ Bw, nv,n rff,ho farm I ran ofl'a' once, ' ut 'he waterhole was deep and dark, ..i?h< had for the j I'rijjr in"' v PC-im ,•: ,1. ; v-ry Ud- • iarg>- !•<••' cr-.»b. il , risht imo it ai d v mc cf its Inr^e limbs \ reuiained tln-re s^iill. At last they f;ol In r dead led) a:.J carried it home. Francis, wVen bed time cauie, was scut to bed. Jl- hnd wrung the sheet as dry as possible and put it in his bed. Kot a very comfortable bed, nor a very good rest. A damp sheet nnd a guilty conscience. Hoirible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted him all night long. In the morning he was told that Ada vsr dead. The thought of how bad a brother he had been kept running through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If uhe had not fallen into the waterhole they would most likely have quam lied and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it. That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. Thi6 gentleman's Miarp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yel Francis was afraid to tell the ttuth. Ada was buried and Francis cried very bitterly. He wanted to tell tbout it, and yet he was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a feverish appearance. In the afternoon he Ise^an to ramble. A doctor wa6 sent for. Clearly a case of brain fever, he said. He must be watched very clos-'v, as as there is no saying what he may do. Francis kept on calling to Ada during the night. He believed fhe was there heaping hiui with reproached. The next morning the doctor called again, and he gave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after he Bank into ft <jniet sleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took a short, rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one. be thought in his delirium, was there hut Ada. Go away, Ada ; go away. I did not know you would fall in. 1 only meant to frighten you. His mother, who woke at "he first sound, now started up, wondering. All of a sudden til- truth flashed upon her mind. He had often tried to frighten bis sister. She hurried into his room, but he was not there. ' She looked out of the window. He was running into the scrub «s hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over bin head. She nn out and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way from iter. . Both gave chase. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water bole. . As he now stood still they slapkened their pace. Upoqtol the water hole, it seemed to Francis, there rose a figure. Stat-cis ^oMed the sheet ^aite close about him Mid bent over the water hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back long dark hair from its face. It was Ada t ffoncb stood still—lookiDg fixedly at the imaginary figure. Thon, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, being tin able to struggle on account of <be sheet. • ' His motherland father rushed • spot. . , __ _ . His father jumped in to save him. * He oiuld ttot find -him at once, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, *nd whep fcejdid at last find him and thro w on the hank, he loo u &s; dead. 