THE RULING PASSION STRONG IN DEATH. —The following story comes from England, Twenty-four man residing in a small town were accustomed to meet once a week in a large room to drink, smoke tobacco, a and talk poli ics long before pnish councils wore thought of. Each member had his own clmir. As one of the members, whom we will call Lee, had been ill for some time, his chair remained vacant,- When the men mot os usual one night, inquiries wore made for th»ir associate, and it was mis nour.ced th it ho could live but a few hours. This threw a gloom on the company and all efforts to turn the conversation from (ho sad subject before thorn were in* ellejlual. About midnight the door op»nc.l, anti tho form, in white, of Mr L j e walked in'o the room and took his seat in his accustomed chair. There ho remained in sdenco, and in silence was In* gazed at. At length ho roso and stalked towards ’ tho door, which he opened us if living, | went out, and closed it after him. Toni* fied by what had happened, and believing they had soon a ghost, tho club men stood not upon tho order of their going, but went homo in haste. In tho morning inquiry revealed tho fact that tho sick man had di< d at about tho time of his ap pearance in the clubroom, and nothing could how ho more certain than iho reality of tho apparition. The story spread over the country, and created considerable ex citement, but was finally forgotlon. Years passed. One night a member of tho club, a physician, was called to an old nurse who had attended Mr Lro in his last illness, and to him sho made a strange confession. ' On tho night of Mi Loo's death,' sho said, ‘ I left his room for something I wanted. On my return, I found tho bed without my patient! Ho was delirious, and I feared had thrown himself out of The window. I was so frighten'd that I had no power to stir ; but, after some time, to uiy gn at astonishment, ho entered the room, shivering, and his tooth chat tering, and laid himself down on tho bod and died. Considering my negligence ns tho cause of his death, I kept this a secret. Although I could have contradicted tho story of tho ghost, I darod not do it. Bub I know by what had happened that it was ho, arid not his ghost, who had visited tho clubroom.’ 