V IDOW WATSON. (BY R. P. WHIZTWoTH nI THE "ACsT RLALLY JoUNAL..") A wet Christmas. You know what that means on the diggings.. It means hot, muggy weather ; mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it also means a big washing up, and, consequent, plentyof gold, with its concomitants-drinking, gambling, riot, disorder, and devils' dance generally- that characterise the diggings, or, rather, did characterise the diggings of, let us say, 20 years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on the goldfields seem to cast over the memories of those who have lived long enough to recollect them. The J",s of easy getting and reckless spending, of desperate toil andsmad revel, of hardship and danger and thoughtless waste, of crime, perhaps, and suffering. And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst those bands of careless and lawless adventurers, every now and again shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the murky clouds by which they are environed. Such and one of manjy I have known occurs to me now. A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christ mas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson ware running bankers to the lakes below. The rouinded hbump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant, instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the ralley on the steep hill sides of which the miners sought their rich treasure. The roads and tracki, such as they were, were covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejected as she usually does under such con ditionr. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared off, and the sun even got a chance now and again to lighten up the prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked outside, within doors there were very high jmnks indeed, and the sound of revelt v, not to say devilry, impregnated with the fumes of tobacco and the odour of rumn, and fringed with a garniture of chtic?. .:ig-er blasphemy, issued from every lintel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits. and Bullocky Ben, ,he burly landlord of the Pick and Shovel, who was usually of agrumbling disposition, was heard to declare that there hadn't been such a 'roost up' since ht'd been in the country. Dri,,king, swearing, smoking, danc ing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card-playine, were in fall blast, and poker, euchre, Yankee grab, and other devices, by which the unholy alliance of eamhlers and shanty- keepers ease the miter of his hardly-won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the scene further I Those of the olden time who have been in it and of it will easily realise it, those who have not never can. That afternoon, or, rather, evening just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed, beyond the Weastern ranges, the slosh of a heavily shod man might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud from the direction of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, black be.rded, and embrowned by exposure tothe sun and weather. Hardhanded, hard-featured, with that far-off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life fought, yet not always won. He was clad in the inevitable slouched billy cock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers, stained with slush and bedaubed with clay. Heo looked the very p:cture of what he was-a hardy, fearless, rough-an-tumblr, old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any moment either for a feast or for a fray. Curly, for that was the soubriquet by which he was mostly known, was indeed a hard case ; honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a bard swearing, graceless reprobate, 'a type, in short, of a class of which there were so many in those days. As he come down the hill and approached the fallen tree which served as a bridge over the yellow, rushing creek, a sudder, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shetlter in a little shed attached to a small slab hut a little way back from the track, and, without intendingto be an eaves dropper, he could not help overhearing what was being said in the sorry dwelling. By-and- by his attention and his curiosity were aroused, and, as by moving a little and peepisig between a slit in the logs, he could see without being seen, he looked in. The room was meanly and scantily furnished, and. by the empty fireplace, seated on a'loiw stool, was a woman of some 30 years of age. She had a grey, faded, sorrdrw fol look- the sada; wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alas l so indelibly. Leaning on her lap, and gazitig intently into" her face, was a little boy-barely a baby, hardly two yearsold-sandons roughly constructed bhnk of saplings sat two other children \--girls, of about four and six respectively. e They were' the widoS Mrs. -Waton and family-thewidow and fatherless children of?? atsarry Watb,-'n in dusteious miner, who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who been accidentally killed by the falling of a tire 18 niontlij before. The company had buriedhimnand had done something for her ~ t~io'rtainly, hut, oh.i so little fhr her needs, and she had eked out V linvg by washing and doing needlework; hut she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and, as she was very, reserved, and never p~.?eafdUeiji;jyerty, she seemed to have dropped out df mind. 'Use doin' to hand my tokin' up fo' PFanta Flaus to pot sumfin' in ; den we's have agood dinner, eh, mamma I the little fellow said as Curly peered in. The widow's eyes filled with tears, but she made no reply. ' Siuti Claus dosen't come so higth up in these ranges as we lire,' said the elder g'rl. SYes, he does, said the younger. * Don't jod remember, once at Christ ray ha put something in our stock Egaf I got a bright new sixpence and \- doll. Bet that was before pa died. 'I'se doin' to be a bid man soun, I is, said the little boy, bravely; ' den I'se doin' to be a didder 'its pa, and den l'se det plenty money an' oigs. Isn't I, ma f 'Oh, children, children,' said the widow, choking back a sob, and smiling, or trying to smile, through her falling tears, ' we are poor-very poor; but never mind, we'll be better off some day, and then-and then -' But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. ' What mates you always try so, ma 1 asked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded face with his chubby hands. SOh, my darlings, my poor, innocent, helpless little "ones, you'll break tmy heart with your prattle. I cry because I1ave no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything-a little dry damper, that is all; when that's gone, God help us y 'God will help us, mammat you have often told us so, and yon always speak the truth,' said the elder girl, caress ingly, and clasping the widow round the neck and softly kissing. her. ' Besides, I'm not hungry-at least, not very.' Curly could bear no more. He made once as if he would have knocked at the door, but, after a moment's hesitation, he turned softly away. The rain had ceased, yet in the sink ing sun there.sparkled in his big, black beard two drops, bright as diamonds, and as precious, too; but they were not drops of rain. The Pick and Shovel-and, for the matter of that, every other hotel and shanty in the township-was doing a roaring trade that evening, and Bullocky Ben, his wife, Jim the bar. man, Moll Dowd (the big, red-haired servant girl), and Hoppy Joe (the old job man) were as busy as they could be, reaping in the golden harvest. The bar was loil, the parlor was full, so was the long dining room, so was the kitchen. The atmosphere was thick with tobacco smoke, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in from the, mud puddle thai did duty as the main street. ' Hello, Curly I shouted Long nled, the packer, as he caught sight of Carly's face in the doorway. .Where you been I Darn me, if you don't look as scared as if you'd seen a ghost ' There was a lalin the hubbub as everyone in the room turned to look at the new-comer's solemn countenance. He did look. scared enough, in. sober fact. ' Boys,' said Curly, impressively, ' I have seen a ghost, and such a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing. And it's fetched nie, you bhetfetched me up all standing as a feller may say.' - There was a dead silence, and some one asked-' What have you seen r ' A ghost, mates-the ghost of days long gone by, the ghost of forgotten things, the ghost of undone duty.' The men looked at him and at each other in surprise; even the card players suspended their games. Boys,' he .went on, 'I've seen this blessed evening what's brought'the salt water into my eyes, and, by George! I sin't ashamed to say it. You all re member poor Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two years since come June 1' ' Well, I happened to be passing the widder's this afternoon,, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' the rain, and there I see and hear summut aslaid me out, knocked'the sawdust clean ouat o' me. There was that poor creatur' a-sittin' cryin' over them fatherless babbies-cryin,' o'count of havin' -no food to give 'em. Think o' that, boys, this bl seed Christmas time, an~d no food to give 'en..: TIcouldn't stand their iunocent talk, by'George, I couldn't; I had to cut and run. If I hadn't I should ha' blubbed right out. Now, you've all heer'd o' that Santa Claus as bring things for kids on Christmas Eve r ' Yes, yes.' 'Very well. This 'ere's- Christmas Eve, and we've had a good washin' up, all on us. Now s?hthaI mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walhalla's not goin' to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its own.- And that Santa Claus is goin' to the widder's this very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain't a mean lot o' skunks on these diggin's, not as I'kno s on:l'hsre'a my hat, and there's my pound note 'in the crown of it. Anybody can cover it as likes.' - Bendigo Sam, the biggeast roughb t:nd bully, and the mdost inveterate gambler on the field, rose 'quietly 'from the table, saying in, for'him a wondertully soft voice-' Put down your cards, boys; I'm in this I reckon. There's my pound. Who's next f: Tfhere was no need to ask. In a moment Curly wpa surrounded by a sympathetic crowd,; and notes, gold, and silver wereopoured into the hat as if by magic. "-' 'Pas it rouind here,' ealled someone from the bar, and the Pactolean stream rolled'''.. . ' ass it round the township,' cried one enthusia'~tic contributor. 'I reckon we mountain boys do things right up to the nines when we do 'em at all.' : And it was done. Some gave in money,'some In-kind. The affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gave something, the result being that Sants Claus must have had a very big pack indeed to hold half the offerings of these' roughsand reia?d?.,but generous, dwellers in the wilderness. The township appeared to be op pressed with some great and profound secret all that evening. Men who met in the.hetels, stores, or street whispered 'to each other mysterioasly, or conversed in low, solemn tones. Even the card players at the traverns seemed to be pre-occupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made a misdeal, a thing he had never before been known to do within the memory of his oldest scquaintance. Quarrels were made up, old friendships ?hich had been severed redewed, and, singular to relate, for the first time in the history of Walhalls, the eve of festival was allowed to pass without a fight or a solitary being 'run in' to the police camp. It was as if the in habitants hsd had premonoition'of some vast moral earthquake or volcanic eruption. At a little after midnight half a score of stout fellows, each loaded up with a pack-age more or less bulky and weinhty, might have been seen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of the widow's residerce. The rain had ceased, and a watery moon abohoein the firmament, nowrisible,now obscured be the driving secud overhead. There was not a sound, save the.harsh brawling of the swollen creek, and the qserulbou whimper 6fdoime belated 'possum in the distant bush. Noiselessly they approached the log cabin. All was silence, all darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porch, and -as noiselessly they glided away again, fading out into the semi darkness like so many shadowy spectres. Meanwhile the children slept peace fully, dieaming, it might be, of the angelic choir who hailed the natal day of the Godchild cith exultant carols of transcendent sweetness more than eighteen centuries before-slept, each with its little stocking.above its head in childish faith in the dear old legend we all know and love to teach. The hours of darkness sped. The bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the sacred morning with the metallic music of their joyous notes. The rosy blush of dawn spreaId over the eastern sky, lighting up the peaks that rose tier after tier in the grey distance. The fresh crisp wind rustled the leafy screen of the lofty gums and the sweet scented wattle-blossom; and the mother iose from her lowly couch to prepare theiimeagre morning meal with the noist'ire in hei `iyes, aiid tlie"dull aching of blnuk despair in her heart. No need for her to look into those poor little stockings hanging at the bed's head-no need to wake the little sleepers to the disappointment that most come too soon. She went qiuietly and silently to work, built tip isome kindling for the fire, then' op:ned the door to get a stick or two of wood from the small store in the shed. Great heavens! what was this I Was it a dream 1 Was it a mockery of the senses l'Was'it witchcraftrt A heap of packages huddled into the doorway, and on the topmost one acard securely sewn, and bearing the in scription-" The Widow and Children Watson, from -Saiita- Claus." She staggered back into the room, and, in a voice that seemed scarcely her own, called on the little ones to wake and see this marvel of marvels. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond all wondering. The very em barrassment of riches. The children had never seen anything like it befoie. Flour, tea, 'btter, cheese, bacon, a fat goose, tinned meats-why` go on enumerating1 There was everything human eye had ever seen, or hunan heart could desire. Food of all kinds, materials for clothing, such few toys as the township could afford-poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. And, last of all,'the little boy canie to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of canvas. ' Here, mamma,' he said, ' he's a ickle heavy one, I tan't 'ift it. The mother raised it -from the ground. It was heavy-very heavy for its size. On opening it what was her astonishment to find it filled with money, paper, gold, silver of all denominations. Her heart was full.. 'Oh, my darlings,' she eried, in an ecstacy of gratitude, 'we shall never know want again, never, never never. Kneel down with me and pray God's hest blessing on those who, at this festive season, have not forgotten to remember the widow and the fatherless in their aflictioni. Yea, and they shall be blessed. Amen, and Almen.' Behind a clump of bush, not very far distant, might have been seen the stalwart form of Curly. As she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heiven, he floshed red through his' bronzed skin, turned awkwardly away' and slink qpuietly 'through the bush, 'as if afraid 'of being detected. Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in' the heavans, and whose mercy endureth for ever. 