As Others See Us. A Queenslander who has been visiting Hobart gives a North Banannland journa notes of bis impressions. He pays ihe Union Steam Ship Company a well-deserved compliment when he states that—" The Oonah is a fine boat, and the owners seem to study the comfort of the passengers. The Queensland coasters go more for freight. The passengers are packed together at the table like sardines in a tin. On the Oonah the dinning saloon is litre a cafe, and a man can get a meal in peace. The menu s, of course, the best procurable. It only took the Oonah 48 hours to run her 700 miles and she had to plough through a fierce gale some part of the distanoe. Of the oap-tal itself he says:—Hobart is not a happy city; the cloud of depression clings to her like Nathan's shirt. The ntter failure of the old bank, and the roguery practised -in some of the mining ventures, together with the continued depreciation in the price of some minerals, has left a dire trail of sorrow behind it, that a casual viator knows nothing whatever about. I know one gentleman who once refused £15,000 for his interest in a tin mine ten years ago, and although he had other property, he is now penniless, and another, a business man, who retired with a fortune and who could draw a live eheque for £10,000, has had to go back to his old shop and work for wages. In the city, money is an unknown quantity, and business is stagnant. A good number asked me if there was a show in Queensland; said they are not payini; expenses and that cannot last. I told them was only a bushman and I knew nothing about business and could not advise them. Then we have an impartial verdict on the " Big Bazaar ":—-The old proverb " a drowning man catches at a straw" has been exemplified in Hobart. It was thonght an International Exhibition would heal the commercial sickness. A cunning Frenchman fanned the spade into a flame and a number of business men and others put their money in it. That good old cow, the Government, gave £5000, and the show was started and finished,but instead of bringing about sunshine it bas resulted in a bilge commercial frost. The building consists chiefly of galvanised iron, very roughly put together, and is anything but an imposing structure, and it is not nearly filled with' exhibits. Our Government acted wisely in refraining from spending money on such nonsense. Victoria and N.S.W. have courts, but so lifeless 1 I went in the morning, and remained until noon, and I did not see a dozen visitors in it. The stall-holders chase you about to buy their goods. It is like a big shop. There is plenty of machinery, but nothing moving. All so quiet. There are also plenty of mineral specimens, which would be a usefu study to miners. The Mount Bischoff trophy of tin at the entrance is beautifully arranged. There is also a fair show of local timber. The art gallery is, however, the greatest attraction ; some of the pictures are valued at 500 guineas. They came from England. Here are a great many of them ranging in value from 50 guineas np to 500 guineas. Victorian and N. S. W. artists have also made a good show in thisdivisloi. A splendid view of the city can be had by going np to the tower, where a seat, a cup of tea, or a glass of good wiskey and a biscuit can also be obtained. Mount Wellington in the back ground was draped like a ghost with flakes of snow and the cold air forced me to keep my hands in my pockets ; my fingers were getting numbed with cold, and like a man who bad the roof blown off his house—I felt satisfied—and I began to wish I were in a wanner climate. I therefore decided to return by the next trip of the Oonah. The saloon fare for the round trip only costs five lounds and as the traveller can regulate his lotel expenses to suit his pocket the cost of a trip to Hobart is not prohibitive. I found the neat and inosqintos as bad in Sydney as they are in Brisbane, but the snow on the Mount Wellington was enongh to scare a man let alone a mosquito. 