INTERNATIONAL CRICKET- ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. Fnurth Test Match. Thousands of eyee and tene of tbou- ; sands of thought® were turned towards the Sydney Association Ground last Friday, where the Australian and English elevens commenced the fourth test match. Unfortunately for tbe players and for Sydneyitee generally tbe weather was very unfavorable, for, instead of the bright sunshine that everyone longed for, heavy oloude hung around, that now and again discharged their contents over the turf in the moet disconcerting manner. For a fortnight or more the elements have waged war against the cricketers in the mother colony in a way that ie most unusual at thie period of the year. Many readers of these columns will remember the difficulty George Giffen had in oomingto a decision as to what to do after winning the toss in thn Bfienfril « foul. M mai/»h. whiflh W&H; commenced on tbe Melbourne ground on tbe 29th December. Giffen'e words then were, 11 It's hard lock when you win the toss and don't know what to do." Well, Stoddart must have found himself in much tbe same position. He beat Giflen in the toBB for choice of inninge, but it wae only after a consultation With Erigge and Peel ibat he came to the con tusion that the beBt course to pursue would be to take tbe field. And it wae not long before he must have felt more than satisfied that he had acted wisely I will not enumerate the uiany disasters that occurred to the Australians ; it will suffice if I eay that six wiokete had fallen for 51. And when people realised tbat the victims were Harry Trott, Giffen, Bruce, MoseB, Gregory, and Iredale it can be under stood that supporters of the Australian side were far from being in a pleasurable ; mood. They were, instead, decidedly depressed. Six for 61. What a record I But let ur turn to the eventB that fol lowed. Have not we heard that 41 every cloud has a silver lining? " I have, at Ail events; and though I am not going to aver straight away tbat I am quite prepared to believe the statement to be correct, still, I think it will be acknow ledged tbat tbe clouds which loomed up before tbe Australians soon began to diaperee, or, in other words, a decided improvement took place in the state of affairs, and, by the time the stumps were drawn, everybody anxious for Australia to win were shaking hands with them- ! selves. And well they might, for the : magnificent batting of Graham, Albert Trott, and Darling bad completely altered the game. From six for 51 the board ehowed ten for 284, thus letting it- be known that the last four wickets | had put on 233 runs— a wonder fully good performance. Graham could not be getting runs without de lighting those who might be playing the purt of spectators, and I am by no means surprised to know that be played beauti ful cricket for his 105. He went to the wickets with the total at 26, and left them when it was 281 In tbe 150 minutes he was batting be gave three chances, but it must be remembered that all through he p'n.vf-d in tbat scientific manner for which be is famed. I heartily congratu late him upon an admirable performance, achieved under much difficulty and at a lime when runs were very badly wanted. Of Albert Trott's display for B5, not out, no one can speak too highly. It wbb simply invaluable, and it not to be wondered at tbat his successes this season have created quite a furore Sn cricket circles. Two hundred and thirty-one runs for five innings against the Britishers, and only once out, is something bordering on the marvellous. He played the same fearless game as in previous matches, and immensely pleased all who were present. Darling's 81, too, was the outcome of vigorous play, neither thb etate of affairs when he went in nor the opposing bowlers seeming to trouble him in the least. He spanked Briggs for 6, and treated Peel, also, in a moet uncere monious manner It wfcs Graham and Darling who showed that the English bowling could be hit, for the pair raised the eoore from 51 to 119 whilst they were together. Of the Englishmen Briggs was the most successful, with four wickets for 65 runs; Peel coming next, with three for 74. Richardson a 4ii» vm WtaMto tonfc«oftfc!an fee i»a Mflfot, MB tt MAtoririy toofoh Mw Btofritoa Mtai mOoainfttoa Gteham fert ile Bpwrtfc «t 18,000 pecqjle werttaetoil, Ana-all I Ot the grounl friorougUy eaiiefieJ -Out the AOetitdiani had, to to, played a remark able game. The SugUahuita hfed About twenty tnibutee in which to bet, .And ib that time they loet M'Laren for il rnna. The weather on .Saturday wfo a bad disappointment to lovers of okieket in the mother oolony, for not a ball could be bowled. The wind wee ot hurricane force, bnd the rain came down in tor rents. At three O'clock the bmpiret had a formal look at the pitch--e Very formal one, I mkf add— And then the fiat -went forth that, there Would be rib play on that day. Hot only wfo it a ead blow to the triefeet loving Fublie, but it fobbed the promoters nf the Bngluh toot bf a goodly harfoat Of ahUlinga, tndin View Of fee enormous expenfoe con nected with the visit of the Edgliabmen Wai no little consideration. Sunday caw no improvement in the wfiathel, and it Woe not until near day'break VMtndav that the weather ehowed eigne of clearing up. But though at noon it wfo fine Overhead, the wicket wae in a dreadful eohdition--in foot, the Englishmen themselves tot that they had not the ghost of -a Chatiee against their powerful opponents. Ana so it turned ont, when, at a few minutes past 18 o'clock, play was resumed: The batsmen otfnlfl de nothing with .the bowling fit wae, in fact, a mere procession, and finally the inninge oloaed for the ridiculously email total of 65. Brown -managed to carry but his bat for 80, and he is to be commended upon his plucky innings. Briggs made 11, and the players mentioned were the otaly donble-fignm OOntribntore. Giffen (three for 14), Turner (three for 18), and H. Trott (thne for 21) did the damage with the ball. Being 219 rnna to the had, the English men had, of coorae, to follow on, when they did little better than at their firet attempt, being diepbaed of for 72. Brook- well 17, Ford' 10, and RiohardBon 10 (not out) managed to stem the tide of disaster for a while, but nothing conld save the Englishmen from the attaak of Messrs. Giffen and Tomer: and they had to snffer defeat by an innings and 147 rans, the most disastrous any English team has met with in a representative match. Of course, thev muet be largely sympathised with owing to the difficulties they had to eontend against, bnt, on the other hand, the Australians mast be allowed fall credit for the splendid re covery they made on Friday. It was that that made their win each an easy matter. Appended are the foil eeores : — AUBTRALia.— Finar Ihhisos. H.Trott,cBrown,bPeel .. .. I Giflen. b Peel .. .. .. 6 Brnoe, c BrookvelL b Peel .. .. 16 Mo?m, b Ricliardann .. .. a. . 1 GnhnOLfitPWlUptoibBrlggi .. 106 Gregory, t Phlllipson, b Briggi .. 6 Iredalt, c and b Brigga .. .. 0 Darling, b Bich&rdton..; .. a. 81 A. R. Trott, not ont .. .. 85 Jfirrii. c PhiUlp«on|b BriggB .. .. 6 Tnmer, c Richardson, b Iroctwood .. 22 Bondrlei .. .. ». 6 Total .294 BOTTLING ANALYSIS. — Peel, 144 balls, 74 rans, 5 maidens, 8 wickets; Blehartison, 182 balls, 79 rons, & maideos, 2 wicket; Brigga, 182 balls, 69 rnns, 4 maidens, 4 wickets, 1 wide ; BrockwelL, 80 balls. 26 rnns, I maiden; Ford. 12 balls, 24 mil?; Loekwood, 83 balls, 22 runs, 3 maidens, 1 wicket, 1 no-ball. EKGLA ND —FIRST INNINGS, JtiLaren, stJarrls, b H. Trott .. .. 1 Ward, e and b Tamer .. .. . 7 Briggs, b H. Trott .. ., 21 Etoddart, stJerrit, bH. Trott .. 7 Brown, not oat .. .. .. 20 BrockwelL c Darling, b Turner 1 ram, c «. irott, d feiiien . .. u Pee!, st Jarris, b Turner .. ». 0 PbiilipMtn, c Graham, b Giffen,. .. 4 Richardson, e and b Giflen .. a. t Loekwood (absent) .. ,, 0 Sundries .. .. ,. .. 12 Total 85 Bowling analysis.— Giffen. 86 balls, 2 maiden. 14 runs, 3 wickets ; Tnrnsr, 114 toll. 10 maidens, 18 runs, 8 wickets; B. Trott, 94 bails, 8 maidens, 21 runs, 3 wicket. Turner bovTled two no-balls. 6E00ND INKISOS, Brown, I) Giflen 0 Ward, c Darling, b Giffen ,, ..6 Stoddart, c Iredale, b Turner ,, .. 0 li'Laren, c Bruce, b Giffen .. 0 Brockwell, b Turner 17 Peel, st Jarria, b Turner .. 0 Briggs, c Brace, bGIffen .. .. 6 Ford, c Darling, b Giflen . 31 Pbiilipeon, c and b Turner 9 Richardson, not out .. „ 10 Loekwood (absent) .. .. 0 Sundries .. ,, IB Total . .. .. 72 Bowling analysis.— Giflen, M balls, 7 maidons. 26 rons, 5 wickets ; Turner, 66 balls. 4 maidens, 33 runs, 4 wickets. Turner bowled a no- ball. 