LADIES' GOSSIP. A Japanese bride's playthings are burned on her wedding day, typifying the end of her childhood. Enthusiasts are always vexed at the slow ness with which a cause or a movement pro gresses. "There are so few women editors in London," said a lady the other day, who is anxious to see women employed on equal terms with men in journalism as well as in other professions. She was right if she meant editors-in-chief, but the number employed in editorial functions is not inconsiderable. Even the Times-has had to give way to the new movement and has appointed Miss Shaw, the writer of the brilliant letters from Africa that appeared in its columns, to a permanent post as " colonial editor." A person's character can often be best told by the color and depth of his eyes, writes a contemporary. People do not usually apply more than four or five colors to eyes; so that any that are not blue, or black, or brown, or hazel are called grey. Yet there are a. hun dred different kinds of grey eyes. You seldom see a stupid person with grey eyes; but -the genuine grey is always found among highly intellectual people. Steel-grey eyes with large pupils denote intense feeling ; biue-grey _ eyes are generally possessed by people with kindly hearts. You never find a mean spirit behind a pair of blue-grey eyes. .Blue eyes denote quickness of thought and. generally fine physical development when they are large and j bright. About nine-tenths of our engineers, lighthouse-keepers, policemen, army and navy officers, and many others selected for physical perfection have blue eyes. Very few blue eyed people are color-blind or near sighted. Hazel eyes denote musical ability and grace of person; they are very pretty, eyes, too. The cleverest woman in the_ matter of dress is the plain woman who' contrives never to let you know she is plain. To be successful in this respect one must have natural good taste. It's no use to put oneself entirely in the hands of a good dressmaker. Dressmakers need directing. They cannot he expected to know a customer's weak or strong points as well as she should know them herself. All women, except those with hopelessly had figures and no throats, pay for dressing. A gown is usually becoming if it is of the same color as the wearer's eyes. . A bright bandeau under the brim of a hat is apt to have an improving effect. Good taste is a thing for which to be thankful. Those who possess it are inclined to value it too lightly. A late conversation between a number of women chanced to fall upon the common occur rence of women marrying their juniors. It was remarked (says the Sew York Times) that these marriages were almost invariably happy ones. One of the group ventured the opinion that .the reason for this lay in the wisdom gained with years by the wife, and in the knowledge thus attained as to how to manage her husband. Another thought that a man always wanted T-»*o ttt-ifn " mofViOr" JllTYV' Iwcf. his wife to "mother" him' and was' best satisfied when she did, while she was naturally satisfied by his satisfaction. A third was sure that to take care of others was a1woman's true vocation and .the secret desire of her heart, and that this calling was most entirely entered upon when the selfishness of extreme.youth was past and when the husband was younger than her self. One of the talkers contributed her quota to the stories of remarkable differences in years between man and ■wife. A one- time bishop of Maryland, she said, married a woman who had been one of his mother's bridesmaids and who had made his wn christening robe. He was so devotedly attached to her that, when she died from extreme old age, he mourned her memory, with no thought of filling her place all the rest of his life.. There is one great reason for the lack of con versational power; in too many cases the art is never practised inside the home circle, writes Louise Royle in the Ladies' Some Journal. No attempt at pleasant converse is ever made save when visitors are presentthe various members of the family may gossip a little or discuss purely personal affairs, but they make no attempt at entertaining^ talk. In point of fact, the art of conversation is like a game of battledore and shuttlecock— one needs the quickness and dexterity of constant practice. In many busy households the only general gathering of the family is at meal time—a time above all others when worry should be banished, if only for the sake of physical comfort. Yet this is the very time when the mother will complain of domestic worry, the father of business cares, and the daughters of shabby frocks. All this Should be changed; it ought to be a rule in all households that disagreeables are to be banished at meal time. If complaints must be made let them come at a proper time, but do not im peril your digestion by eating while you are in an irritated and discontented frame of mind. Pleasant talk, relieved by an occasional laugh, will be more beneficial than pounds of pills. In the household there should not only be an avoidance of unpleasant topics, but an attempt to find agreeable ones. Each member of the family should come to the table prepared to say something pleasant. Any bright little story or merry joke or any bit of world's news that will loosen the tongues and cause animated talk—how it will increase the brightness of the working day. There need be no profound discussion—it should be just lively .touch-and go talk. "It is wonderful," says the Ladies' Gazette, "how many unexpected uses thrifty people can find for worn-out and apparently utterly worthless articles. Take, for example, an old, battered, and dilapidated high silk hat which is not worth doing up again and is in too dis reputable a condition for anybody to wear. The idea occurred to one of those notable women who. love to turn everything to account that by stripping the silk off her husband's dis carded "gossamer" she would have a de lightful piece of material with which to make one of the useful and smart- looking little haudbags that are so much in use - at present, and which prove such a conveni ence when one goes to the theatre. AH appearance of being • rubbed and worn entirely disappeared when the silk was re moved from its stiff foundation and a lining of bright gold-colored satin seemed the most appropriate contrast to the soft black material of the little bag, a drawing ribbon of the same shade being .provided by which to hang it on the arm. "'What a lovely plush your bag is made of,' all her friends remarked, and she is too proud of her ingenuity, to conceal from them that she defrauded the garden scarecrow in order to provide herself with this pretty and original little handkerchief bag. Supposing anyone to be lucky enough to have among her possessions an old'white silk hat, such as some of us may perhaps remember having seen on- the heads of elderly beaux several years ago, would not this look pretty lined with a delicate shade of pink or blue 2" Among nursery hints given in a contempo rary are the following:—Gas should never be used in the nursery—the best light is that of oil lamps. These should be hung well out of reach of the child, so that there is no danger of their being upset. In the night nursery , use candles and night lights. If your nursery walls are hung with paintings or engravings be care iul they are of good quality, for bad paintings ruin a child's taste and make him take a_ dislike to drawing. We all know that first impres sions are the most vivid"and the most lasting. A child should never be allowed to 'be frightened, for it may lead to fits or the child may grow up timid and wavering. Nurses should never tell" him a tale of goblins or ghosts or the little fellow will wake in the nights, having, dreamt he has seen a ghost or some object that the silly nurse has been describing to him the day previously. Should a ehild have'such dreams he must have some kind person in the room who will soothe him) fondle him, and take him into her arms, and let him feel that he has someone to rest upon and to protect him. Heshould never be scolded for being frightened. Prom the letter of "Rita" in the Mel bourne Leader the following, dealing with the prevailing popularity of the bicycle, is taken: —One thing which interests me in this part of the world is the bicycle craze, just now at its height. Riders of "both sexes spin past our present abode on Saturdays and Sundays, and I have ample opportunity of studying the various styles. A well-known doctor and a learned judge, with their respective wives, are' among the most regular cyclists, but I must say that I have not yet seen the woman who looks by any means graceful on her machine. However, it must be an inexpressible consola tion to the "new woman" to know that she has abolished man's monopoly .of the bicycle. Monopoly is very much like a baby; the: average man objects to it on principle until he has one of his own. The same cannot be said' of the "new woman," for I fancy her objection to babies is too deeply rooted to make any ex ceptiou. To return to our moutons—otherwise our bicycles—every English and colonial paper that one takes up has something to say on the • subject. In Paris a heated controversy has, been raging as to whether the wearing of knickerbockers by women cj-clists is, or is not,.[ desirable, and the verdict seems to be generally' contained in Sir Roger _de Coverley's discreet utterance that "there is much to be said oh both sides." The fact remains that English" women with few exceptions cling to skirts,' while in Paris 99 out of every 100 have adopted ' the so-called rational costume, the favorite style being very full knickers arranged in any number of pleats. Madame Sarah Bernhardt lias given her opinion on the subject of cycling costume and has pronounced in fayor of the skirt for all but exceptional circumstances, all her feelings being for the retention of "decora tive" as opposed to what she considers mascu line dress for women. In this she seems to be supported by other prominent Parisian women - whose views have been sought by the Gauloii, and have been epitomised by the Stamford correspondent. Madame Bernhardt also ex presses a fear that "the outdoor life encouraged by.the bicyclette may have dangerous and very grave consequences," more especially in/the direction of. drawing women away from the duties of their home life. _ That this was the the tendency of the skating rink mania which . prevailed in the colonies some, years back vwe know by experience. Madame Melba says:— '' I abhor masculine costume for women. It i3 ugly, and I have even on the stage never con sented to wear it. . .' . The bicyclette, for which I confess I have no. great liking, is simply a pretext. It is much less for. motives of convenience than for more mysterious reasons that the skirt is sacrificed to the ample breeches." A very convenient style of dress adopted by some lady cyclists consists of knickerbockers covered by n skirt, both being sown into the one band. A few weeks ago I saw a party of both sexes spinning along, the - Brighton-road. All seemed to be clad in the same style, and had it not been that the nSther garments of the ladies were somewhat more voluminous than those of their male escorts it', would have been a matter of difficulty to dis criminate between them. Japanese Spinning Song. The sun, Amatseru, rolls o'erhead, _ A wheel whose spokes are rays of light, And drags the lazy, smiling earth Through summer days of slow delight. Gay birds and insects twirl in air, Or dip the lake to hurrying rings ; While underneath the cherry trees : Sweet JSToshi spins her silk and sings— "Hyak-u! Hyak-u!" Whirr and circle, Dizzy wheel that draws the silk, At your edge a rim is growing, Pine as sunshine, white as milk; . Floating in the bowl beside me, Oval cocoons dance and reel, As from each a fairy fibre . Glistens upward to the wheel. " Hyak-u ! Hyak-u ! Whirr and circle, While the spinner lightly bends, Forward, backward, twisting, twirling Broken thread and flying ends, Suddenly the bowl grows placid, - ; Each cocoon drifts brown and bare. Ah ! the merry wheel has robbed them, Strand by strand, of treasures rare ! . ■" Hyak-u! Hyak-u!" _ Check the circle,' Slip the wreath of sillc away, , Coil and bind its glistening softness, Hang it where the breezes play, Store it in the lacquered casket Made such treasures to conceal—' Then again for song and spinning, . Dip the cocoon ! turn the wheel I 