"MUSIC AND NOISE." FIFTH LECTURE BY THE REV. H. It. HA WEI 8. "With all respect to Mr. Smythe it is cer tainly open to question whether the vast majority of lectures — even those delivered by celebrities — are, from a strictly educa- tional point of view, worth hearing, when it is remembered that by an equivalent ex penditure in time and money people who know what books to read ought, in their own chimney corners, to be able to make themselves better acquainted with most of the subjects upon which lecturers are given to dilate than by listening to tbe very best of lecturers. To admit that, however, is not to depreciate the value of lectures. Many people have the gift of listening more high ly developed that that of reading. They like to be mentally spoon-fed. And even from the point of view of those who are better readers than listeners, some qualities inhere in the personality of a writer that it is simply impossible for him to translate into print. We have not all a chance of in terviewing "celebrities at home," but through tho medium of the lcclure-hali we get an opportunity of seeing for ourselves what they look like, how they talk, and generally getting to know them as it is im possible to know them in any other way. There is a class of lectures, however, which, from their very nature, demand the presence on the platform of the person who is addressing you; and the lecture delivered in the School of Arts last night by Mr. Haweis — the last lecture but- one that he will deliver in Sydney — belongs essentially to that order. The lecturer having, on a previous occasion, undertaken to prove the connection boLwecn music and morality, yesterday carried his investigations a stage further in the analysis of sound, both musi cal and otherwise, and for the purpose of illustration found it necessary to seek the assistance of a violin, a Chinese gong, a penny whistle, a tuning fork, a tumbler of water, and a blackboard. It was one of the most unconventional and sit the same time one of the most entertaining and profitable lectures ever heard In Sydney. Grant Allen may. as he says, prefer to take his science "neat." Most of us find the pill more pal atable with a little sugar on It; and last night Mr, Ilaweis covered the theory of acoustics with a veneer of humor so-quaint and so picturesque that before his audience were aware of it they had imbibed a really very scientific dissertation on the nature of sound, and the difference between mere noise and music. Music, the lecturer main tains, is essentially a creation of man. There is no music in nature, outside man. Why, even the nightingale, he says, has no true music in it; whilst as for the canary — well, a lady who went Into an adjoining room to reward her pet bird for an outburst of more than usual vigor, upon discovering that the notes did not proceed from the canary at all, but from a tin whistle piped by a small boy into a glass of water, took tho readiest means of putting an end to the solo. "Noise" was the result of a num ber of notes struggling together for mas tery. Music arose when one note succeeded in gaining the mastery. Physically con sidered, music appealed to us through our entire nervous system. Metaphysically, it appealed to us because the elation ami de pression, the velocity, the intensity and va riety and unity of musical sounds, found precisely similar elements in our emotional nature. This evening Mr. Haweis delivers his last lecture in Sydney, the subject being "Mod ern Ghosts and Spiritualism." 