MR. rONKIN AT SUNNY CORNER. A VOTE OP CONFIDENCE. A RBQUE8T TO RETIRE. AH EMPHATIO~REFU8AL. Mr. J. B. Tonkin, tbe prsisnt member for Maoquarie, wu announced to address the ?leotors last night. He dreve across to tbe Corner from Palmer1! Oakey at whioh place he had addrosied a meeting oh the previous evening and received a unanimous vote of coufidence. Prier to going to the Hall a dopatation of Mr. Paul's supporters waited on Mr. Tonkin at' his hotel with a request that he should withdraw from the contest in tbe interest of the Frentrade causa! The spokes man for the deputation (Mr. Pbillipi) statod that he was accompanied by about eighty otbori, Mr. Phil ips, in addressing Mr. Tonkin, laid that a large masting of the Freetrade and Liberal Association of Sanny Corner was held last nirfbt when it was deoided by a unanimous vote that a deputation should wait on Mr. Tonkin and tea if there wai any reasonable possibility of hie rtliring Iron tba conteit. T bia coarse had bten takea beoauie of the opinion they had that Mr. Tonkin had loet the oonfidoase of tbe electors of Macqaarie. They bad brought out a man of their own whom the Association iutended to support. Mr. Tonkin : Are you deputed by the Frea trade Association to aak me to retire ? Mr. Phillips : Tea, I am. Mr. Tonkin replied that there was not the slightest possibility of his oomplying with the request. In the first plaoe he wsb satisfied tbat some of the statements made eoncorning him were not in aocordanoe with facts. AN though the association had passed the resolu tion he thought that after they heard his vikws and his explanation they would think' differently. He hoped they would give bim a fair bearing. Mr. Phillips : We will give you a fair hearing. Mr. Tonkin was satisfied they would do this. He bad been over the electorate ia maay parts and he found that be had been promiied stronger snpport than ever before. The Freetrade League in Oberon had nomi Bated him, aad he had received letters from different parts promising support. He was also tbe asoepttd osadidate by the Sydney Freetrade Coaooil. Mr. Laurey : We kaow that. Mr. Tonkin : Under these eiroamstanees I do not iatend to retire and under 10 con sideration will I do so. (Applause.) Mr. Laury : This deputation is 80 strong. Do yon know how many were present at tbe Oberon Freetrade meeting ? There were eight, seven voted in support of you and there was one dissentient who left the meet ins- in disgust. Mr. Phillips said that the Freetrade Leaguo in Sydney did not consider Mr. Tonkin|bad supported them. Mr. Tonkin said that the resnlt would be decided by the election. He would not run oountsr to the wishes of the Council. They hail no reason to ask him to retire. There was no more prominent or consistent Frse - trader ia Parliament than he. (Applause.) By tbe action of thisdoputation ht was remin ded of the fable oftho jackass, who when trjing to please everybody plrasari no one and onrae to grief in tho end. Ho would hot pander te anynue for a single vote. He would, at his meeting state his position and his views, and if they wore not satisfied with wliat he tind done ihny oouli tben deal with him at the ballot box and throw him ont. He would aot turn traitor to the Sydney Oounoil and tho Oberon Assoeiatioa. According to tbe ipti durit of the deputation be (Mr. Tonkin) was only to gat one vote. (A voice : ' You will get a dozen.') If this was so then Mr. Paul would only get aix in other part*. (A voice : ' He will get 60.') Ho waa perfectly sure that il he did not get one vote in Sunny Oi rner he would succeed in the end. Mr. Phillips : You will not beat the Pro tectionist. Mr. Tonkin : Whose fault will that be P Mr. Phillips : It will be yours. Mr, Tonkin : Am I to give way to a man who from pers -nal motives came forward to jeopardise ib* position of the |-arly, and who had not the slightest chance to succeed, only to eplit the vole. Mr. Phillips : It is between hin: an-! the Proltctionist. Mr. Tonkin : That is not so, Mr. Phillips: Yon soy tbat you will not sot traitor to the association, but y-u are to the electors of Macqaarie. We an; fighting for nil. Mr. Tonkin said that the Council n Sydney was the head of the Freetrade party, and tbuy hod chosen him. Mr. Lawry : They only heard o le side of the question. Mr. Tonkin : When you hear both sides you will form a different opinion. I have been a true and honest Freetrader ti.ronphoat and I will not retire from tbe oonte t because n fow have asked me to turn trainor. Tbe result will only bn deeided at the pull. If I thought I woold only get one vote I would go to tho poll and thsnk that one voter. Tbat is my answer to tba deputation. Mr. Puillipa : Wero jon interviewed by tbe Freetradn Council ? Mr. Tonkin : I waa so. Mr. Liury : Did you tell thorn that you would eouio out whatever might he tbe deter mination of the ounuoi| and you would run in spite of all 7 Mr. Tonkin : I was not asked sush a question. Mr. Lanry asked if the Daily Telegraph did not say that he gave an explanation if it cmld be taken bb snob. If you had the htera.it of the people at heart you would retire bow ; you bare nol a ghost of a show. Mr. Tonkin : I have given my answer and will not alter say opinion. Cheers were then oall for Mr. Paul. A mixed audienoe bad gathered outside and wa;ls some cheered for Paul others hootod. Oheers were then given for Tonkin and Hurley. 