A TASMANIAN ILLICIT STILL A CHRISTMAS EVE REMINISCENCE. (By ' The Tbamp.'J On Christmas Eve, 1863, I, for the first and — so far as 1 know— last time in my life tasted illicitly made whisky, and as some, at least, of the parties concerned in the manu facture of it are dead, while others of them have gone to lands far distant, it wiU not, I trust, be considered wrong on my part to now reveal a secret which 1 accidentally became possessed of when but a small boy, and which 1 faithfully kept, when the revealing of xt would have put me in possession of a considerable sum of money money, however, that even as a boy, I would no more have thought of touching than I would the poisonous fangs of a black snakei for from infancy 1 had been taught to entertain the greatest contempt for an in former, that most despicable class of man* kind of which Judas lacariot waB the proto type. Well, to procecd. At the time I write of there lived less than a mile from our place a family of small tenant farmers, comprising an aged couple, their three grown up sons? and one daughter, who was some years the junior of even her youngest brother. This family, although good enough neighbors to those to whom they took, were at deadly enmity with their landlord, ' a middleman,' who at the time rented a large tract of land, which he sub ! let to tenants. At this distant date 1 am not going to ofEer an opinion as to who was most in fault— the landlord or his tenants ; but certain it is the former, who waa a man of vindictive disposition, got the latter lined £60 for having in their possession meat of which they could not give a satisfactory account, and this brought the family of whom I write under a cloud socially, and, what was to them still worse, under the surveillance of the local police, the chief of whom was a moBt efficient nffi.nr nhn ^narlv lnvr-H tr, a /uldo R.,k clever as this officer undoubtedly was, there was among the family in question one at least who knew too much for him, and whisky illegally distilled by, and not half a mile from the home of, the suspects was often taken throngh the township under the very nose of the efficient officer, who never dreamed that the few tubs of batter (?} which these small farmers made periodical trips to town with was the product of a oow without hair or horns, and who had a ' worm' for a tail. Such, however, was the case, and many a glasB of what was sup posed to have been Kinahan'e L.L. retailed by a certain Launccston publican was none other than whisky manufactured up coun try in a dense scrub on the bank of a itcllucid stream which is a tributary of the liver Mersey. The dense scrub has dis appeared, and to-day the spot where the whisky was made is part of a well-grassed meadow in which the sleek-coated and mild eyed cows of a well-known dairy farmer raiBe their beads and gaze at a passing train. But let me tell how 1 became aware of these facts. At the time I write of there was in my father's employ ft man who had lived with us for many years previously, and of whom we boys thought a lot, although we often caused him sore annoyance through the tricks we played on him. This man was very 'thick' with the whiaky-maters, and often visited their place ; so often, indeed, that I can well remember my father telling him that if he did not mind what he was doing be would come to grief, which the poor old fellow eventually did do, but not through whisky. Well, on Christmas Eve, 1863, this old em ployee of ours went to his friend's place to borrow a saddle, and took me with him. I re member well how scared 1 felt when we were crossing the old bridge that had the repute* tion of being haunted, for in those days of childish innocence 1 believed in ghosts. I don't now, for we have proof positive that the dead return not, otherwise the writers of In vu-moriam poetry would be nightly murdered in their beds. But to keen to the main point. On nearing the house of our bush neighbors we heard 'a sound of revelry by night,' and on arrival we were received with a warmth of hospitality that knew no bounds, the man being recognised as a trusted boon com panion, and the boy as the son of a popular resident, who, if be could not do a man a good turn, would certainly not do him a bad one. On the table were a number of botties minus labels of any kind, and to theoutsides of which bits ol clay adhered, showing signs of recent resurrection, a circumstance that did not at the time escape the writer's precocity. Nor did the conversation of the householders with our re the manufacture and disposal of whisky, tongues having by this time hwn loosened by liberal libations from the fciack bottles on the table, and from which even the boy was treated to ono glass, and perhaps would have been made drink more had it not been for the daughter of the house, who put her veto on that kind of thing and supplied me with a huge junk of Christmas cake instead. It was late when I managed to get my ancient companion away from this old-time Christ mas eve revelry, and 1 was too fright ened of ghosts to return by myself. However, we got home without meeting any unearthly visitors, but young as 1 was I had seen and heard enough to tell mo that whisky was being illegally made and sold under the very noses, as it were, of tha police of both tows and oountry, and I could also understand what puztled one of my brothers and myself a few weeks previously when poking through the dense scrub along the banks of the creek in search of birds* nesU, wallaby, or anything else we might oome across. We found in a kind of arbor a fireplace built of stones, and where there was signs of recent occupation. This was where the gtill used to be worked, but, strange to say, the police, although con stantly in search of it, never dropped on the right place, and many years subsequently both stiii and worm wero diBoovered by the tenant who now occupies the farm, planted in an old deadwood fenoe. This, then, is all I have to tell of the illicit still that was worked when I was a boy by a family whose name I do not care even now to reveal, but who will be easily recognised and remem-. bered by some, at least, of those who wili r ead this brief sketch, , June Dick Crawford brought his iwelve-month-old cbild, suffering from in fantile diarrhoea, to me. It had been weaned at four months old, and had always been sickly. 1 gave it the usual treatment in such cases', but without benefit, The child kept growing thinner, until it weighed but little more than when born, or perhaps tea pounds, I then started the father to giving Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. Before one bottle had been used, a marked improvement was seen, and its con tinued use cured the child. Its weakness and puny constitution disappeared, anditsfather and myself believe the child's life was saved by this Remedy. J. T. MABLOW, M.D^ . Tamaroa, HI. For Sale by all dealers. Hatton and Lawb. General Agents. 