Town Talk. -:o:- That winter has at last commenced opera tions. That there were a few misguided persons in the district who sneeringly insinuated, a few days back, that there would be nto winter this winter. That it is not known what they "muds it on," but it is known that Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, and yesterdau euchred them com pletely. That, in fact, they didn't have a chance to come in to any purpose with any small trumps that they may have had. That, as indicated in last week's notes a water famine is beginning to set in in at least some of the suburbs. That, besides water being humped from neighbours' wells per bucket, a bi-daily service, per billy-goat, is provided for one place. That owners of capricornians-fragrant or otherwise--could now turn an honest shilling by establishing a goat corps for the carriage of the precious fluid. That the tennis social, on Saturday evening, was a very gilt-edged affair. That any individual who didn't enjoy him self at it must have been insufferably fastidious, or, else, "melancholy must have marked hihn for its own." That the prizes chose-n were really beautiful articles, and if they don't afford sa?ulsfaction to their wearers, it won't bethe prizes' fault. That the player who gallantly renounced his claim on the prize-list in favour of his fair partner deserves three or four words of com mendation. That "the father of the club" deserves eight or nine similar words for his devotion to its interests. That the only drawback to the proceedings on Saturday was thefact that the visitors licked the local team. That if the local team had thumped the visitors the local tennisonians' cup of joy would have run over. That, never mind I Better luck next time ! SThat.the Coochin races, on Saturday last, were very suncessful That the peace and goodwill that reigned was even more gratifying than the racsing. That young Bowman and his pony were the heroes of the hour, and everybody felt pleased that the lad received some recognition for his plucky riding. That the Grandchester races also afforded much pleasure to all who attended them. That the pony race there, too, caused great excitement. That the waterworks ghost reappeared on Monday afternoon last, but neither Deacon nor MO'Gill suceeded in effecting a capture, either with the left hand or by eating a hat. That-n. m:atterl Wait till the projected visit to the waterworks I That if the ghost is not brought to grass, and its chest jumped on, then-well, it will probably wander round for an unlimited time. That now that the Colonial Treasurer has such a splendid sum at his disposal, he could make several small concessions. That, for instance, he could foregb that little tax on noaspapers. That the newspaper people don't make more than £4,000,000 profit per year. That, in fact, it would be safe to say that they don't make over £2,000,000 profit per year. That, while help is afforded to various pro ducers, a little practical recognition of the services the newspaper renders to the com munity would not be amiss. That the floating of the Indooroopilly Bridge girder, on Saturday last, was a sight worth sesin&. That "the wealth and beauty" of the capital were there "all right." That, bar the unfortunate mishap to young M'Oormack, the whole undertaking was acom plished without a mishap. That this speaks tons for the, engineering ability of the firm who had the affair in hand. That it is a certainty that those who witnessed the operation were of opinion that the girder fotation was as big a success as the flotation of our last loan. That, unluckily, one important thing was omitted from the proceedings, and its omission wss almost inexcusable. That it' was this-no vote of thanks was passed to Miss Parker for the very able manner in which she conducted her share of the buhiness. That, considering that she has now immor talised herself, it was a bit cruel that she was, not mentioned in the congratulations,. That "good news from home" is cabled this week-a rise of from S to 16 per cent. in wool. That, in fact, this Is about the best news on account of its far-readhing effects-that we have had from that quarter for many a long ear-bar the intimation of the success of the That the intelligence re the Lowood butter in London is also eminently cheering. That it shows that we can make butter in Queensland-hbutter, too, equal to that turned out by other people who have been far longer at the game than we have. That, considering that this is our first ship' anent, it is somewhat astonishing . that we should reach the top of the tree at one bound. That now is the time for the Lowood Butter Factory to buck in and keep ius tail up, as there are hosts of goals in front of it. That, now the factory has proved what it can do, it oughtto plunge in, and keep on sending shipments, and so help to establish a market for Queensland butter. That-so onght other factories in the dis trict-there's plenty of room., That it is to be hoped, now that Queensland butter has got afooting in the English market that the makers will not be diddled out of the credit and profit by the sellers-as was done in the case of frozen beef. That--houp, lal maize is now 2s. 9d. per bushel, That it seems only the other day when it was being sold for Is. 4d. That, in other words, a three bushel bag of corn that brought only 4s. a short time ago would now fetch 8s. Sd. That that is a slight difference, of which there can be possible probable shadow of doubt--no possible doubt whatever. That the Ipswich Legislative Assembly met on Tuesday last and-there was a "korum." That, for fear of anymisapprehension being created in the minds of superficial readers, the " T.T." man wishes it to be distinctly under stood that there was not only a " konum" but that there were also a couple or so ot members over and above the "korum." That, considering everything, perhaps it is as well that the House adjourned for a few days. That at the end of the prescribed time, per haps, the flagging interest in the class may be revived. That it seems as it members are so satisfied with the surplus, and with the increasing pros perity of the colony, that they are content to let affairs remain in such good hands. That this is very complimentary to the Go vernment, and it may ba magnificent, but-it isn't polities i That it was sooften stated, during the recent tour of Labour "leaders" in the country, that they (or at least one of them) didn't believe there would be any surplus, that the "T.T." man hopes those gentlemen will pardon him if he ventures to inform them that there is a asur plus. That he may also be forgiven if he further mentions that the amount of the surplus is £L104,738. That, furthermore, he may be excused if he asks how the "faction" can in any way be credited with bringing about a surplus whose sery enietence they denied until they could no leonger shut their eyes to it? 'rTht this reminds the writer of the ease of Irown, a director in a gold-.mining company, who a mine ha:d got into a very low condition. 'that, though he s;a a director, he lost no oppori nity of running lthe lmineje down, saying he w~slhed he was out of it, and generally doing eerylhiti ghee coutld to damage its future. Tilea tihe oth,,r dircctorr, however, had faith in it, a?ld, after a ha?d battle, secured moren capital, and developerd the mine until it became a tir:t-class paying aff~air. That, would it be belireved ?-Brow~n had the colossal nervoc to any thmt the prosparity of the concern was largely due to himn !-becaeuse he kept an eye on the other directors and saw that they did no wrong ! ! I That there is one "legislator" who should stick these paragraphs on his shaving-pot, and meditate on them overy day. 