ARMENIA. TRRRTHL]<3 FATM OK A PRIEST. Tho "Spoclal Commissioner" of tho "Dally Graphic" hoiuIh A two-column despatch, dated Twin, 12th Fobrunry, which furnlHlioH ninplo confirmation of U10 story of ilfiiidlsh barbaric with which tho spoolnl correspondent of iho " Dnlly Tolournph" hns nmdo tho public acqiinlntml. SponlcliiR of tho period wlwn tho small body of protesting Armenian*, Uiolr ammunition given out. had determined upon dispersal, tho commissioner writes:—" Whorovor nil Armenian wns found, man, woman, or child, no mercy was shown. Kvorybody was put to tho sword. In this man-hunt, tho Kurds joined, until ZeUkl Pashn gave n. signal for tho stoppage of tho butchery." " Tho pcnsnulH whom I Interrogated, who Bny they are from Galeguann," continues tho correspondent, "stated that tlioy wont, back to tholr own vlllngo, nnd arrived there In time to witness tho terrible death of n. prlost who wns Unyod nllvo, and foreod nt tho point, of tho bayonet to danco nnd sing. Ho dlod thus singing psnlniH. " Tho house of tho vlllngo El dor, or Hor, of flnlegnsMUi, wns rased In tho ground, nnd In Ha plneo an ononnous pit was dug. nnd .100 pciwnnts—men, women, nnd children—wore driven Into it, bayoneted, nnd burled whllo nrnny of thorn wore still living." At: tho right of these horrors, a parly of four cscnped. Thorn* "determined to enrry off nnd protect, from harm tho person of Petros, tho village prlost of Gnlegur.nn, who wns much revered for his ploty, nnd enjoyed a wldo roputjv tlon. lint tho hiding plnco wns din covered. "' Tho priest,' a peasant said, ' I saw thorn but,cher; his head wns cut open with two blows of tho sword, given In the shape of a cross, so tlmt It; wns split. Into four pieces. Then they pro coeded to cut: up his body In small circular bits.'" Ono body of soldiers 1o whom the pennants declared that, they wore dying of starvation Ironically replied, "You have now a new master, tho English Consul: go to him nnd nslc him to glvo you food.' " Before leaving the correspondent those simple peasants told him of tho heroic donth of Krlkor, tho Res, or Klder, of tho village of Rhonllc. This brave fellow himself killed twenty-one Turks before ho fell, hit. by a bullet, nnd when ho gnvo up the ghost: there wns a. flash of light In the heavens, which was repented several times, nnd convinced the pious peasantry that his spirit wns Immediately Inlten up to heavon nnd Is dwelling with tho saints." 