CHINESE CUSTOMS. A SUPERIOR RACE. INTERESTING LECTURE BY REV. CHEOHO. However much we may affect to des pise the Chinese as a race, it appears they present features which rauo them above the lovel of any other Oriental people. According to tne ltov. uncok Dong (Jheong, in a lecture roccntly delivered at the Malvern Congregational Church, tho Chiiiesn are in their domostic lifo superior to their presont masters the Japauese. They elscp iu b«ds and cat with chopsticks, wliito iho Japanese idoup on the mats thoy squat on and cat with their lingor. Again, tho Chineso are a most polite nation. Whou they invito Irieiids to dinner, thoy send printed cards about a foo long, "request ing ihe pleasuro of tho illumination of Mr and Mr So-and-eo's presence." Ths Invited guests are all separately waited upon by a representative of the host. who speaks of tho many excellences of the lio.itand of the dinner to bo provided, and on tho day of tho feast this same emissary again waits upon thorn nud tells them that everything is roudy. At tho dinner, the host, who always takes tho lowermost seat and K laces his principal guests in the scats of cnor, arranging the others according to rank and age, rises, drinks to tho guests and invites thorn to begin on the dishes. After dinner the cuests rise and drink te the host. Tho dishes most highly prized are birds' nosts, deor sinews, shark's fins, ant) bocho-lo-mvr. Tho Chinese aro divided into four respectable rlaisss — first, scholars, because they rulo the poople ; second, fanners, because they provido Bustouaiico for tho pcoplo ; third, mechanics because (hey provido for ths comfort of the peoplo and econstniso labor, etc. ; fourth, merchants who merely buyandssll what others make aud are next the rabble. Amusements are very popular, also athletic exhibitions. Doctor tukorank next ths rabblo, Chess isoocofthoirchicfiutollcciualaniuscments! 'J'hoy make nixteou offerings to tht gods during tho year, and feed their hungry ghosts with meats as elements of propi tiation. Tho hungry ghosts consists of tlioeo that have 110 brothers. Tho feast oUfttiteriiB is ntfufl tuoon. Then the moon is made the object of adoration, and lan- torus of every concoivablo sizo and shape are mudo, including horses mounted wth warriors armod with spears and rushing at one another, down to creeping insects. The Emperor at this season repairs to the temple of heaven, and offer sacrifices of cattle and sheep, .and assumes the position of High Privst at the altar of heaven, and worships and hows to thoSuprom Being. Tho penpio then express a hope that the Emperor may five for over. The relict of the Touiplo of Honveu is in the Imperial capital, fit family lifo. filial piety and ohodionco to ono's niothor-in-law aro nmongnt tho maxims laid down for oosorv- nco. In answer to aquostion "that if China woro uioro civilised than any of the Eufltorn nations, how was it that tho Japaucso were at present inflicting a suc cession of such crushing defeats upon hor, aud io what did ho nttributo tho suceesa of tho Japauese arms?'1 the lecturer replied that success irt arms did not neces sarily imply superior civilisation, ss many of the barbarous tribes in history had defoated the more civilised. Tho Chinese had been trained to peace, hut Ire hud no doubt that ones the warliko spirit w«s thoroughly aroused China would crush any foe that attacked hor. Sho had a teeming population almost boyoud con- cuptien, and onorntous resources. 