fl awrrhial Intdligence. Barrabool and Highton. — The 12th and 13th ult. were red-letter days in the history of Barrabool and Highton, the dream of a united parish effort being then realised for the first time. The united parish bazaar was held in the Ceres Temperance Hall, and the stall-holders and all concerned fulfilled. their functions with a good-natured energy and untiring enthusiasm which were described by a very old resident as unequalled in his experience. Even a storm which occurred on the second night was successful only in damping the outer surface of the building. The attendances were large, -and the whole affair a success socially as well as financially. Eldobado. — The Eev. William Parkes was made the recipient of a handsome card case and purse of sovereigns from his congregation at Eldorado, on Saturday, the 23rd ult. Some few weeks ago Mr. Parkes found it necessary to have his buggy put in thorough repair. It was to enable him to meet this expenditure that the purse of sovereigns was presented to him. On Sunday Mr. Parkes preached at Eldorado, from the text 'My God shall supply all your need, according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus,' and at the close of his sermon gratefully acknowledged the gifts he had received. A tender has been accepted by the guardians for new windows, and additional improve ments to those already effected are to be made in the interior of the church. Lockwood. — On Sunday, March 17th, harvest thanksgiving services were celebrated at St. Stephen's. The church was crowded both afternoon and evening. The decorations were specially noticeable. Around the chancel window was anarch of maize and bamboo, the sanctuary being cut off by a temporary rood screen of pampas grass, while plumes of ever-graceful asparagus proved effective fpr delicate traceries, xne windows oi tne nave were empowered in ionage, flowers, and fruits. At the west end, on either side of the entrance, were emblematic stars and wreaths, the central aisle being an' avenue composed of sorghum, maize, and broom corn. Within the com munion rail the whole space was filled with the choicest fruit and vegetables, that the district could produce, besides the historic sheaves. If it would not be invidious to express special admiration where so many had so skilfully wrought, a word may perhaps be permitted in praise of a hay-stack built by Miss Marshall, of East Shelbourne, that attracted much attention. Though the dimensions were but four feet round, eleven inches to the eaves, and seventeen inches to the apex, it was as complete as any to be found on a prize farm, no less than three hundred liliputian sheaves nestling beneath the thatch. Mrs. Brain, of Crusoe Farm, presided at the organ — a very fine instrument, lent by Mr. Crooks for the occasion — supported by a strong, united choir. Both sermons were preached by the Eev. E. H. Scott ; though under toned with serious feeling, they were cheerful, crisp, helpful, and encouraging. The preacher, while fully conscious of the suffering and sorrow of life, was yet confidently hopeful for the future, .because of God's infinite and unfailing charity— God being the God of Harvest, the One who fulfils the promise of the spring with fruit. The texts were: 'Keep the feast of harvest,'' Ex. xxxiv. 22; John iv. 36, ' He that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto eternal life, that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.' On the Wednesday following a most successful anniversary tea meeting was held in connection with St. Stephen's ; about two hundred and fifty sat down to tea. Through the church being closed in 1893, some feared the gathering — which had always been a popular one in the past— might be somewhat limited ; but by the indomitable zeal of the Church Ladies' Committees the success was as marked as ever. After tea a concert was given in the open air in front of the school, as not a quarter of those present could have found room in the schoolhoUse. Notwithstanding the difficulty of singing and reciting effectively in the open air, the entertainment was very satisfactory to all. The chair was occupied by the incumbent, the Eev. E. H. Scott. Wangaratta. — The ceremony of consecrating Holy Trinity Church was performed on Wednesday, 27th March, by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, in the presence of a large congregation. The church was crowded. The service commenced at half-past two, when the Bishop arrived at the door of the church, accompanied by Eev. Canon Serjeant, of Beeehworth; Eev. G. A. Taylor, of Chiltern; Mr. J. Penfold, of Glenrowan; and Mr. W. E. Mallet, of Hedi. He was met by the incumbent and guardians, and a petition to consecrate the church was delivered to him by the deputy-registrar, Mr. F. Gray, who was ordered to read it. The petition having been read (all the congregation standing), and the Bishop having signified his consent to consecrate the church according to the prayer therein, the Bishop, the clergy, and guardians formed a procession and proceeded up the aisle to the Holy Table, repeating the 24th psalm as they walked. The order of procession was: The Bishop, Eev. Canon Serjeant, Eev. G. A. Taylor, Eev. J. K. Hall, Mr. J. Penfold, and Mr. W. E. Mallet. The guardians followed, those who took part being — Messrs. J. B. Docker, W. K. Potter, T. G. Bullivant, T. Sales, W. Dale, D. Colson, J. Hinchley, E. Manley, M. Docker, W. E. H. Brien, J. W. Moubray, and J. West. The psalm concluded, the treasurer presented the deeds of the church to the Bishop, who received them, and laid them, with the petition, on the Holy Table. The congregation were then addressed by the Bishop, and requested to faithfully and devoutly ask God's blessing on the undertaking of separating the building from all profane and common uses, and for the several offices of public worship. The choir then sang the 122nd psalm, and the Bishop offered inter cessions for those who shall be baptised, for those who shall be confirmed, for communicants, for hearers, for those who shall be married, for those who shall make offerings, and for all who shall worship. The sentence of consecration was then read by the deputy registrar, and signed by the Bishop, who ordered that the petition and other documents should be duly recorded and registered in the Diocesan Eegistry. When this had been done the Bishop declared the Church of Holy Trinity, Wangaratta, consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The ordinary evening service followed, with special prayers and hymns and psalms appropriate to the occasion. The lessons were read, by Eev. Canon Serjeant (who conducted the greater portion of the service) and Eev. J. K. Hall. The service of Holy Communion followed, Eev. J. K. Hall being the celebrant. During the consecration service an anthem, entitled 'Oh, how Amiable,' was sung with much musical precision by the choir under the leadership of Mrs. F. Gray, and the singing throughout was very effective. Miss Eogers acted as organist. Bishop Goe returned to Melbourne by the afternoon train. WilIiIAmstown. — Mr. John Bingle, who has been for some years manager of the Commercial Bank, Nelson-place, left last month to accept promotion at Collingwood. Mr. Bingle has made a host of friends in Williamstown, and his absence will be felt greatly in matters connected with Trinity Church, of which he was an active churchwarden, as well as in the Church districts of Newport and Spottiswoode, to which he has from time to time lent invaluable aid. Yaebawonga. — On Monday evening, March 4th, Divine Service was held in St. Cuthbert's Church, when the new incumbent, the Eev. J. G. Swan, was formally introduced to the parishioners by the Venerable Archdeacon Herring. The prayers were said by the incumbent and Eev. J. Allen, the latter reading the Bishop's License, and the Eev. F. W. Wray read the lessons. An able and appropriate sermon was preached by the Archdeacon. There was a very large congregation. Mr. Swan had already officiated in the parish, and had made a very good impression upon his people. On the following clay one of the gentlemen of the congregation kindly drove the visiting clergy several miles into New South Wales. - FAREWELL TO REV. A. R. BLAOKET. The farewell meeting to the Rev. A. R. Blacket, held in the Town Hall on the 7th ult., was the largest meeting in connection with missionary work ever held in Melbourne. Dean Vance presided. After prayer by Canon Berry, the chairman said the action that brought them together that night could not be indifferent to anyone who had at heart the interests of Christ's' Kingdom. It was no slight testimony to the- Church in these colonies that within the last few years the mission fields had drawn so many recruits from them. Bishop Stewart, of New Zealand, had volunteered for service in Persia in connection with the Church Missionary Society. Follow ing in his steps they now saw a clergyman of one of their most important suburban churches — a man greatly loved and trusted by his people, without any reason to quit his parish, but with every conceiv able motive to remain at it — acting under an imperious sense of a Divine call, resigning his church, and offering himself as companion or colleague to Bishop Stewart in that arduous field in .which he laboured. Some, perhaps many, might call Mr. Blacket's conduct Quixotic, and say that he was sacrificing service to sentiment, and a higher duty to a lower ; but he (Dean Vance) could not hold that view of his conduct. The whole. history of the Church and the evangelisation of heathen nations gave a refutation to that idea. The men who had shown they had the fervour and faith to make impressions upon the heathen and Mahom medan populations in their own countries were bound to be men of special ability and mark — the very men who, if they had remained at home, would have won for themselves probably front places in the Church and the world. Of such men Mr. Blaeket might be quoted as an instance. Mr. Blaeket came to this diocese on a mission from Sydney, and he carried it out so successfully in Prahran as to win the hearts of the people there, and when a vacancy occurred in their parish they all desired him for their minister. From those feelings he believed they had never swerved. Eight years had gone by since Mr. Blacket joined the Prahran church, and the power of the missioner had almost been forgotten in the faithful and revered pastor; but now the call of the missionary came to carry out the work of God amongst the fiercest and most bigoted of the Mahom medan population. Wherever there was sacrifice there must be loss ; yet, on the other hand, loss did not necessarily imply waste. He knew only that Persia would gain an evangelist — Australia an example. The earnest wishes and prayers of Mr. Blacket's congregation, and of the clergy and Church-people of this colony, would go with Mr. Blacket to his new sphere of labour. (Cheers.) Archdeacon Langley, who also addressed the meeting, stated that the effect of Mr. Blacket's action in this city would be to strengthen the hands of all those who loved the missionary cause, and show that probably many would be ready to give themselves up body and spirit to the cause of Christ. He held that if people could awake to see God's thoughts about the heathen they would understand better than they did the action of Mr. Blacket. It was sometimes asked, perhaps with reason, ' Where are the evidences that the Church is a follower of the meek and lowly one ?' Here was an answer : In the departure of Mr. Blacket for his Persian mission. The Rev. A. R. Blacket, who was received with prolonged cheers, said that he felt extremely thankful that almost the first, if not the first, public occasion upon which the Dean had presided should be a meeting of the Church Missionary Society, and personally he felt additionally proud that it should have been the meeting held to bid him farewell. He wished to tender his thanks to his friends of the ministry, his late choir of St. Matthew's, Prahran, and all those present for attending that evening, and to Almighty God for choosing him for the work. He would not discuss the question of his leaving, nor would he give any apology for his flight, for he knew the audience were in thorough sympathy with his actions. It had been sometimes said that he might be doing an injury to the Church in going away, but the fact was the reverse ; God had his elect in Persia as well as in Australia, and they needed the ministry of Christ. God would not have His Church in Melbourne strong and His Church in Ispahan weak ; He loved order and completion too well. Among the Persian speaking races the Church of England was the only Church engaged in evangelical work. Yet it had only four ministers there, while those in the United Kingdom numbered 25,000. Regarding the statement tnat tne nome neatnen was neglected tor the foreign heathen, it should be remembered that there were 200 of the latter to every one of the 'former. Bishop Stewart had written to him from Julfa, and he had learned that on that gentleman's first Sunday there were 70 communicants, while the gallery was crowded with Mahommedans, who had risked torture and death to hear the Word of God. What was wanted was men and women who would go out to these places and die with, or die for, the people who resided there. He was very conscious of shortcomings and weaknesses, but he thought he could, say he had heard God's inner call ; and if God had called he would give courage and fortitude when the occasion demanded. In dependence on God he desired to go forth and do the work of the Church in Persia. There was already an English church for himself and wife to go to in Persia, so that from the very beginning there was something for them to do. (Applause.) The -Rev. S. C. Kent said the Church Missionary Association for Victoria and Tasmania required all the assistance they could get in this movement. Some thought Mr. Blacket and his wife were going to be assisted by the Church Missionary Society of England, but they were to be maintained by the colonial society here. That society had only been established two years and a-half, but they had already two' missionaries in China, one in Bengal, and another in Equatorial Africa, and they had incurred responsibilities in regard to two others who were ready to go on mission work. There were, also many others' who desired to be sent out as missionaries, and he trusted the people here would, realise their responsibility to the missions, so that the blessed Gospel might be preached in every land and every tongue. The proceedings closed with the benediction. A letter has been received from Rev. Mr. Blacket, from Albany — very bright and cheerful. He says:- ' We do believe in the value of intercession; we feel that we are being prayed for.' The Rome was due at Colombo on Thursday, 28th ult. 