TO THE CATHOLICS OF I WEST AUSTRALIA. ! As will be seen by this issue, the Record has been greatly increased in size and a larfae quantity of additional reading matter added. The Record being the only Catholic organ in the colon v and the sole exponent of Catho" lie views, it behoves every Catholic to support it . It is the wish of the / management to add siill further to the j size of the paper and provide for the J insert:on of the latest news from all the other colonies that might be of in- j terest to those who have made We t Australia their home. This, however, j cannot be done without the outlay of . a very large sum of money. As the paper is not run to make money, but simply to uphold the rights of Catho- j lies and supply them with news, it is j hoped that every Catholic household will take it. The price of the paper is 12s. per annum, in advance. Sub scriptions, which may commence at any tim-, may be sent to the local agent where there is one, or direct to the Manager, Perth. To those who already subscribe we appeal for their . co-operation in our efforts to extend j our circulation, for it is by adding to the list of subscribers that we shall be : able to make the paper worthy of he body it represents. ' | Birmingham is the greatest bras-nmk- inw town in the world, and it keeps in steady employment an average of 7,000 brass-workers. Paris comes in a good second. In the 'ormer towns the hands work nine hours a day, and earn, when competent, about oOs. to 33s. a week ; while in the latter city they work ten hours, and earn 40s. a week. j I have sometimes thought, when look- ' ing on a church full of chi dren, there is nothing more beautiful in the sight of God. A beautiful gar-Ion of roses, lilies and lovely flowers is sweet and beautiful «o the eye. The hand of man guards and watches over it- so that no harm can enter. Sometimes a storm of wind or hail breaks the lilh s, destroys tho roses, and makes ruin where before all was sweet and orde.ly. Tho wicked and malicious man comes in to wreck and ruin his neighbour's < urden, u- d, when he sees this, "everybody is touched to. the heart. Everything lovely and sweet, trampled down and wrecked, makes the people grieved ; but, in the sight of God, not the most beautiful garden fashioned by the hand of man, not even the garden of Eden with all its glory and beauty of flowers' and fruits, was so blight, and glorious as are the souls of littlo children in whom the 1 1 1 >ly Ghost dwells. Such a scene is sweetor and brighter in the sight of God tha i any garden man over formed. — Cardinal Manning. ' 