A HAPPY ENDING. Br Feegus Mackexzee, ix tttf. "Youxg Max." "IPs nae fun ban' me ava; I'm i a'thing an' naothing. "When it comes to iipip'» I can do a'thing; when it comes to 1 giein' a hit o' advice, I'm naebody. I'm j just the loon, the haiilin, the orni man. Gin the family werena a' grown-up, I j "Wad get the bairn to cairrv; they wad ! mak' me a nurse-lassie an'a perambulator i a' in ane. Gin ye diuna gie me some i encouragement, lizzie, I'm to rin awa'." ' It was Tarn Langshank who spoke. . He was a tall, red-haired youth of J seventeen, with small, blue eyes, a lone -nose, a pale, freckled face, and was as good-natured and obliging as he was ! _ comical and awkward. He sat leaning his elbow on the kitchen bible at Pirbauk | farmhouse, and addressed the "lass," lizzie Mitchell, who had come to the I farm a couple of months before, and bad in that time got more wooers than she ' ■ knew what to do with- lizzie was pawky little woman, with never fewer I than two with whom to make merry. fehe looked seriously at Tarn,—for seventeen is a serious age—and said: " Od sakes, laddie, auither hid ! I'll no' get gaen aboot foi lads: they're like young paddocks after a July sbooer; I'll no' get my foot doon withoot trampiu' on them." " "Why do ye ca' me a Laddie, lizzie f " Tarn asked, with a comically aggrieved expression on his pale, freckled face. c I'm the hardest wrought man aboot the toon. I'm a'body's body, an' never get a word o' thanks irae ane. The maister cries, ' Here, laddie, get ready my shalt or the mistress says. ' Come and gie lizzie a turn o' the mangle, Tarn.' You order me to break sticks an' carry peats. Peter Willde marches me aff at a foal's tail withoot a moment's warnm'; an' von lang-legged heron, "Will Toons, thought to gar me brush his boots; but he'll no bid me again." Tarn looked with a knowing smile at lizzie Mitchell, who was preparing her pails for the evening milking, and "Lizzie asked with all a woman's curiosity: " Oh, Tam, what did ye do ? " " I buried them for fonr-and-tweutv boors amon' quicklime to disinfect them, to "begin wi', and frhen I got the lime aff them they were as broon as my furry bonnet- I brushed them pointedly, but i when \v heelan put them on they gaed a' to snuff, and the souter an' him had the tertiblest rig imaginable"— " Tam, Tam wbaur are ye, Tam ? Sittin' loafin' up there, an' the staigs oot o' the east park stravagin' the country side 1 Aff wT ye, an' put in the beasts." It was Will Toons who shouted this unwelcome message in at the kitchen door; and Tam, rising sulkily, replied— " On ay, it's Tam here, Tam there. Turn as ye like, if s Tam; it wad be a I sober world withoot Tam, I'm think in'." " Haste ye back, Tain." lizzie said, with a smile ; and Tam bounded out of the farm close as though he were a " staig" himself. " On, ye're cornin' in, Willie." she added, as she saw the young man, not much less coltish than - Tam, take a step or two toward the kitchen fire —with some diffidence, since he had not been invited. There had been sundry passages-at-arms between the two formerly, and \Yiil Toons did not know how far to advance, and keep Lizzie's goodwill and his own dignity. He had little more than sat down when Peter Willde was at his heels, and if glances had been daggers, there would have been bloodshed. They were the antipodes of each other. Will Toons, tall, lank, and barefaced, was a youth of three-and-twenty. Peter "Wilkie was foreman, somewhere between thirty and forty,—Peter professed to he uncertain where,—short, thick-set, red-faced, with a temper as fiery as a polecat's, and as keen for a fray with "Will Toons as a Toledo blade. If he was little of stature, which he denied, he could boast a hnge straw-colored beard, of which he was more than prond. "Will was upbraiding Lizzie Mitchell for her perfidy in encouraging other wooers when Peter walked in. " "What did 1 forget, "Will r " she asked, with the utmost simplicity; and "Will made a grimace to her to he silent, which Lizzie took good care not to see, bnt which did not escape Peter's fieiy glance. " Come in by, Peter," she said sweetly. " "Will an' me hae been feck tin' ever since he cam' in. "What hae I forgotten, "Will ? That yegied me my fairin' at Glenbruar market?" "I wasna thinkin' aboot Glenbruar market," be answered, in the dumps. " "What like a nieht is't, when ye're oot, Peter?" he asked, to change the subject of conversation. To encourage hint, to depart, Peter an swered with vivacity : " A grand nicbt, Will; a fine nicbt, an' no' a nicbt for the hoose ava." " Then I think ye should baith gap. an' get the caller air. Ye need cheerin' up, — Will. But what hae I forgotten ? Ye diuna grudge me the yellow ribbon ve gied me, ye were rieht full o't at the time," she remarked, with mischief in her eyes. Peter "Wilkie's red face grew redder, as he darted an angry gL-ince at his favored rival, while that rival sat in moody siience. " I never aslrit ye for a ribbon or fairin', "Willie. But gin ye want It, TO gie ye back the ribbon, although if s the wanr o' the wear, for no' a Sabbath hue passed hut hae haeu it on." "Will Toons rose surlily, saying," Ye'll be in anither frame o' mind when I come back." "Fm sbure I will, Willie; for gin ony tkicg tries my patience it's a pair o' antem ckafts an' twa lang legs that fauld up, when they do fauld, as stiff as a three-foot rule. Gude-nicht I" "Willie Toons departed without return ing Uie salutation, and Peter Wilkie be came as lively as a mouse at bedtime. " Tre liard on Will, Lizzie ; but 1 dinna wonder," Peter said. "He's a terrible lang length o' a ebield, as lang as a tenpenny nail, an' as thin." "Ay, he's a terrible length as you say. Jfoo, I like a body that's neyther terrible lang nor terrible short ; " and Lizzie Mitchell glanced with a half- mocking smile at her companion, whose elation was evident. '•'What like a man wad you like, Lizzie, suppose ye wanted ane r ~ Yo' yon claes pole, onyway ? " and Peter, sc-izhig his heard, pulled it through his fingers as though he were drawing straw for thatch. " Ho. Peter; neither a elaes-polc cor a claes-pin, but a man-body some wey utween the twa. Thae awfu' wee men I detest." " What ails ye at a little man ? " he asked, arguing with himself that he was not little. " Weel, your little man thinks a' the world o'himsel'.andis as bet i'theteiuper as a radish. I canna thole wee fouk ; they either set me in a rump, or gar me laucb at them." " Gin I were a little man, noo, I wad be mad at ye. Xe dinna eoont me a little man, Lizzie ? " " Na ; ye're no' little i" your «in con ceit." " What ither wad ye like a man to be?" " Ou, a smooth-faced chield- I hate a heather besom at a man's chin. Gin I wanted hair I can taf my will o' a coo's tail ony znilkin'-time." " Iinphm 1 " " I like black een." "Imphm!" His eyes were a pale bine. " An' I like a man that leaves me to mysel'- There, I hae lost anhoor haiver in' wT you twa rascals, that hae been try in'to get the mind o' a senseless lassie that hasna wit to mind hersel'. I maun awa' to the milkin'." Peter Wilkie went across to the bothy, which he found empty, although the men would not have to look to the horses for another half-hour. But when he went • to the stable, Peter found that Will Toons had almost finished his work, nud meant to have a half-hour's chat with Lizzie Mitchell as she milked the cows. | Peter Llusked when he entered the' stable, not without reason. Tarn Pang- ■ shank, tossing the straw with a fork ■ among the " shalt's " heels, looked up as . heard the creaking of the stable door, i and, seeing a stranger, turned to his work j without remark. i "Will Toons shouted from the far end of | the stable— j " The foreman's no' across yet, hut I he'll be in ten minutes, gin it's him ve want." " The foreman's here," the stout, squat figure said indignantly; and Tarn Lang shank shone the stable lantern in the new-comer's face, and peered at him •with a puzzled expression for two minutes. Setting down the lantern, he wheeled suddenly round, pressed his hands between his knees, and folded him self double. Ordinary laughter could not convey Tarn's feelings. "Oh, Will, come an' see this I" he shouted. Will Toons came forward -with an in quiring look. "It's you, Peter! "What's happened to ye r ' he asked. "Will was lost in bewilderment. "He's shared-" Tarn sere;:met1, and clutched his hands in a grip of convulsive amusement. "Will looked again, and wonder slowly gave way to mirth. It wast too true. This modern Samson, for the sake of a present-day Delilah, had shaved off his luxuriant straw-colored heard of which he had been so proud, and the change was too great to be appreciated at a glance. "Will Toons laughed, and stopped laughing only to begin again, while Peter W'ilkie grew white with anger. "It 11 tak' the fouk aboot the place anither sax month to kc-11 ye, Peter," he said ; " ye 11 hue to begin whaur ye left aff. Man, yonr ain wither wadna ken ye. Did ye think ye wad look young ? " Tarn Laugsbank, who was a head taller than his foreman, could not contain him self. " We'll need to rax your legs neist, Peter; syne we'll see a man an' a half. We look grand, man." J' "What does he mind ye o', Taw ? " IV ill asked, admiring the foreman. " O' a white neep stuck on the end o' a palin' stab. Man, Peter, wi' a white sheet aboot ye an' that face, ye euld maV a fortune at playin' the ghost in a wax work ;'" and Taw. laughed again. Fortunately the teasing caine to aA end by "Will Toons finishing his work and disappearing. ~ "He'sawa' to the byre to tell Lizzie Mitchell," Tamsaid lugubriously. He did not like either of the men, and when he could play them off against each other, he never lost an opportunity of doing so; and while they wrangled, he made him self agreeable to the maid. "Will Toons went with 3 light heart to the milking, satisfied this mad prank of his rival's was part of Lizzie's mischief and would he his undoing. "When he entered the byre, old Marv Paterson,wbo helped in the milking, andlazzie Mitchell were laughing merrily. _ - " "What are ye lauebin' at, yon twa f " he asked. " Ou, at yon men-folk. "What wad we get to laach at bnt yon ? " Man- said rftiug her stool and inilking-pail to another cow. "Gin ye kent, ye wad lauch as ye hinna done for a twalmonth, Mary," he said, dying to tell'of the metamorphosis in Peter TVfikie. " "We hae plenty to launch at withoot kenmn' mair," Lizzie said, making the milk spirt into the pail. 0 "We werena craelriu' aboot me?" he inquired. "Eh, na; at was aboot men,"Willie," Mary Paterson retorted, leaning her brow against the flank of the milcher. "lizzie there was giein' her ideas ahoot men, aud, for a young lass, they're sensible beyond common. For ae thm«r she eanna abide the eraitor that's nevther man nor laddie, hut your half- fish,"half flesh, that's something atween the twa. Then she hates a hare face an' a cheek as smooth as a new-washed howl, an' a pair o' legs like a pair c' compasses." ails Te at a young chield, Tiizzie r *' lie demanded. Wed," Lizzie said gravely, "3 hal flin's ower aula to be a laddie, an' owe young for a man; he's like a siirk, neither calf nor ox, an' fit for nae present gade. rie hasna the mirth o' a loon nor the sense o'a man, but is most senseless!}- sad, a trouble that a young lass finds hard to thole." " Gnde-nicht," he said, making a hurried exit by the north door, as a strange apparation made its appearance at the south. lizzie Mitchell did not like the cool, sdt-assnred air with which a stranger entered the byre at mil king-time. She had her rights, and insisted on them. " The maister's i' the big hoose, "in ye want him ; an' the foreman's i' thcltable gin ye re seekin him," she said in a tone which was not encouraging. "Ka, the foreman's i' the byre, an' weel do ye ken that, Lizzie Mitchell," the figure said; and the two women stopped milking and stared. "We needna glower, he added crossly; " ve kent fine wha I was; ye wehhe think I didna see yon pair o' taings gae oot at the north door as I cam' in at this; but I'll hae it oot wi' him." The two women - laughed and the angrier Peter "WiHne grew, the more they langhed, till Mary Paterson exclaimed, •with the tears dropping from the point of her nose— Stop, Lizzie, stop for mercy's sake or I'll do mysel' ill. We're frichtenin' my coo wi' your skellochiu. H-iud still wuiumatiA' (this to the cow). "Oh' Peter, mahr ve're a rare divert." Wad. ye -do me a favor, Peter?" Lizzie Mitchell asked with winning frank ness, after the women's merriment aud the man's wrath had somewhat abated. "Try me, Lizzie; try me. Gin it's within the pooer o' liviu' man, Pll do't " he said, with the devotion of a knight errant. 0 "That'skind. Weel, shave your heid, an dinna fash me wi' your company tai your nit an' your hair baith grow." Peter "W'ilkie- hanged the byre door be hind him and went straight to the bothy where "WML Toons and Tam Langshauk put in a very indifferenthalf-honr together —Tam too young to have caught the trick of sighing, and "Will Toons to have ~ot that greatest of sanatives, wisdom. ° The two women were nutting the milk throcgh the sieves when Tam appeared with the pitchers for the men's supply. Here I am again, Lizzie." he said cheerfully 1 " .ye 011 ither fouk'sbusiness an' no' at iny ain wark. 'Deed, I think my wark consists in doiu' ither fouk's, But there's fun on the nieht," he chuckled, sinking his voice to a whisper. ""What sup, Tam?" Lizzie asked, gazing with a smile at the hoy's Jons nose. "The foreman aud "Will Toons are to hae a fecht, an' I'm bottle-holder," he replied stoutly. "Dinna haiver, Tam," Mary Paterson said, with an air of incredulity blended with anxiety, " It's as true as I'm standin' here. But I have them richt feared at ane anither I telt "Will Toons that Peter "Wflkie's a terrible fechter for a little munnie; an' Pre garred Peter believe that "Will wi' his lang arms '11 thrash him to pieces afore he gets near-hand him. They're richt feared at ane anither, an' I'm to see fair play." " An' whaur's this to come off ? " "At the hack o' the cornyara after the liehts are oot 1' the hoose." " Bin awa'hame, then, Tam, for the men '11 be needin' the milk to keep up their courage." " ' Bin ? ' " he said fiercely ; " ' av, rin. Tam ' "Will ye never learn that I'm a man, Lizzie ? " That night the two men met each other with fear and hate, Tam Langshank being judge of fairplay. In a clear space among the stacks of grain they stood, stripped of coat and vest, each waiting for the other to begin, when a low moan was heard as from the eaves of the stacks. Will Toons gazed oyer his opponent's shoulder, and his hair stood on end with horror. He could not have moved a i hand to help himself, and Peter "Wilkie ' might have put his antagonist into his '■ pocket "Begin, yon fouk !" Tam shouted, lying luxuriously on a pile of straw. Then he saw the foemen turn their hacks 011 each other and flee, and with out a word or cry disappear among the stacks. Tam hurried after them shout ing, and got them in the bothy beds hid among the blankets and trembling like reeds in a winter wind. "Didna ye see it ? " Peter "Wilkie said, with terror-filled eyes. "See what? "Tam Langshauk asked sceptically. " Ye're a bonny pair, you I " Mary Paterson and lizzie Mitchell had seen all that was of the fight, and Mary said, " I didna believe it was possible that twa waik women in a sheet euld hae baen the effect." Hext morning the two found their clothes on the pump in the close, and when they came to breakfast, lizzie remarked— " He's a puir man that rins when a lassie cries ' Boo !' " The old farmer got wit of the mischief afoot, and took the maiden to task. " Noo, Lizzie Mitchell," he said sternly " we're to hae nae fechtin' at this toon. Gun ye mean onything, say which man ye prefer, an' be dune wi' this worryin'." And the old man waited for a reply, while three listened with beating hearts. " Gin it's God's will, sir, I wad fain dee an auld maid, for then I wad be shure o' a king life; but if no', I maun put up wi' Tam Langshank," the maiden said demurely, easting her eves to the ground to conceal her mischief. Tarn's face lengthened and his small eyes grew round with dismay, as he ex claimed— " Preserve a' livin' I "Whatever will my mither say to that ? " 