; NOTES AND PICTURES. ( ' " , (By A. J. p.) : ; ' ... xiv. .... .'??-(iSee illustrations', on this and next .' .page.). '. ; . ,:' I have bidden farewell to the little Daisy, and ' am . aboard the steamer Sultan;, boun'd' nor'-wèst ; to Shark Bay, the haimt pf the pearlers. .There are V good number,.-.ot passengers-a i'ew in the saloon,- the steerage being comfortably filled - witli- gold-seekers, whose destination is the far-off Pil barra and Marbler BarGold ; Fields. Some aï© returning,:., and giy.'e a; very fair account, inasmuch as á great pro portion are earning, good wages, while ? the remainder manage to make -their tucker. 'These 'fields'1 are situated about 1200 miles from Perth, verging towards the K£mtjêïiëy; ..district ,' On deck a stoutly-built waggon is-visible, belonging to some adventurous pros pectors, who' inteud going overland from Cossack, prospecting through Pil banra and Kimberley; The Sultan is a fine beamy ^boat-a Singapore trader. The crew is ' composed - of ' pigtailed, wide-trousered Chinese^ half naked Malays and Manillamen. . Of the pas-, seugers, there is a survey ' party bound for Shark .Bay, two squatters for ; Ashburton, a retired army: .gentleman, aud a few . Chinese :for Singapore. The 'ronniiiiuer ai'e.bound, for the northern < gold fields..The list is completed by three turbaned Turks, always seen in a squatting attitude, ¡ind smoking long pipes. We have fair weather. ; This 'means promenading- and 'quo'Lts"in -^the day time; singing ^¡h'd' dancing in the evening. There, is. the inevitable ac cordéon, .whiIev<^ñ>/o^.':,tiÉi4 crew is nb mean manipulator of-va Imouth organ. There is-a deolrthvof ladies aboard., Jt is esteemed án'^hónor 'td; obtain the only two available, %^'_;ba3a;n^-'beiii*g made up by heterógeúeóu^'sets pf. inaie figures whirling round , in , the, glow . of electric lights andTbright light of. a three-quarter moon. > We pass - the small township-of Dongarra, 230 ihiles tiro m Prem a n tie,'/ and ; a1 few, ; hour's later arrive at Geraldton.. r ' , . . ' . , ? ' .. The .boat anchored/ out. The time being short, I did- not go ashore, as I intend landing on the return journey. Geraldton is one of the largest and most important towns in the colony. Discharging and shipping a, small ear-" go here, we headed north towards- the few small towns, Whose population is\ invariably composed' bf a, few "vyuites. and, in proportion, a great number'of: blacks and Malays; wliere,' .wi$'.t'--:tliK' exception of Cossack, the gold ^elcls' port, few strangers ever .land; >::ThV:; scenery is flat and barren., Thej steamers' anchor .out, discharging- cai:-" go and transhipping passengers in to - luggers manned' by a bronzed;'white' skipper and nigger crew. Ppr the: greater part of the distance we -haver the coast in clear view. .':.' Sùclïla^ôii'sit-.!.' Here sloping desert like, there' stand!-. ing up for miles in perpendicular.cliffs; of small .height» The stone ls a sort of yellow limestone, worn in.tp^numer-ír; ons small caves, its lower portion» :beV'. lng darkened by the dashing of:-the, sea. Not a'human habitation,:hot"-a-' curl of smoke, not a tree, ne'v;egeta:, (tion except some ; low sickly, .shrubs. ; The sky and water -are.a brilliant blúé^' the laud a dismal yellow. The'Sahhra^ WEST' AUSTRAL IAN SOE N ES. ' Native Woman and Çhiid; Gascoyne River Tribe. could [ scarcely present , a " more, uniayit; ing stretch of country" than^tliàti,: now- ': .stretching on our . stai'toQard. side. Shark Bay is" 'another 250 miles1 from. Geraldton. .Though booked for Shark Bay", I find I am to be carried on to Carnarvon, a few hours'" fuiitUér-steanji-úg.". "There I must find my way to the haunt of " the5 p'ëârl-shWers iii thé bêst: fashion I can Contrive-w'à'it for arsteàmér, per il aps a wèëk, perhaps a mon th; or I may be fortúnate enough to find some ,-sailing craft. :. \:- /..", . ..' V It Ms; 3^ o'clock ia the morning when W.;\fe''^l;''.ffli.e";s;tbppage''-of. the screw and ^^iSibii^.r-xat'tle of. thia chain through " ttrè^ but .;:a^ay;vi.s^ipirö\yards^.^^^^^ mist hangs, ' through a solitary .¿Hght.;. "*;lt;;is7ÖarnaiToä' ' :'A- few pas . sengers on i dëçlc exclaim "Ugh!" and \- turnvihtó their warm bùnks. So do I. Witih ;^Í thelb.re;aking/ pf. the dawn the ?^|ától))e¿fñ:-,:Vto'- 'diverse.' '. Prom, our aíiphprágc,;;,a mile distant, we", see a !4ongipier>".-wJth '%yx)v;or three lighters ;|^y¡i«J;jtng".,hí!:' ,ai\eíhor, .also, the roofs of .^ifjêwi'ttpiis'es,.-' -while:north and south ^strótjoljes; a cohthiuntlpn! of the uuin yitm^ íof^.ítntee^'dáyss' * .;'An" -hour later ;we no vtice'- t'lí.^xsílil&:-ruiií.' up,, and the luggers :Cre;ép^$lówly .. towards Als.. : . They are ;-ro.üli;lá^;:tijy u-ám'áÍÍ'.0uÍtór^;wbicÉ^ on ar View of Carnarvon. .rival; isi seeñ' to- contain á blackfellow r àn^àjli^tië man in tbé uniform of the ?water police. Then the, luggers ar '"riye .röthA.tiuVjee passengers, onie being a-lí^a'láy-JádyV attire'd in an unusually wide dress of the crinoline type. The steward conducted her to. a chair, and on deck iii that chair she sat',-with her small eyes blinking, all day long. The lighters, brought ' cargoes of sandal-, wood, cut somewhere ~. tliirfymiles." from the towii, and destined for- Sin-, gapore, possibly tb be eventually burnt before a ¿audy Joss, in, the presence ol', nuineroùs pigtailed .0el:4's%äls;.'-.<; This sandalwood loading. occupied;, ..the greater portion of the day. T^yards,'' evening, a sliguit gale; sprung up, aiuL the lighters'; swung ; pretty /heavily,!, Then, in the'.'.darkness,; .they, .jcast'iùç' adrift, and we farewelled,ytne^.SuIta.n in the glo w of' waving lights on her deck, shining on a miserable scene, of a few passengers sprawlingPh top;'of a miscellaneous assortment pf ; cargo,' piled, waggohlike,, some ,liëjgiit abbye the decks. The night, was .cold.'. They wind blowing needing lialf.at.dozen ineffectual attempts before., we got the, great mainsail up. . Then ..w.'e glided, off. leaving the Sultan .swinging, in . a; phantom; ;foiun,-\\-'the''vw^ter'..;illuminated. by bright, lights; from,' a hundred' port holes. -We headed towards'the light that mailed Carnarvon pier.' Letting go the anchor a few hundred yards off, Ave went ashore, im tho diuge-y, land ing hall' drenched, aud blinded, with wind and sea spray. The solitary li gb t cast a sickly gleam on a deserted pier, on shivering passengers,: on a stretch of sullen tossing water, and as *be moon rose over thei land side, we found ourselves on a pier , half a mile in length, while shorewards lay an in hospitable looking country, a few lights marking the township a mile inland.! Following a tram line, we arrived at the town. .: My landlady says that we visitors must not run Carnaiwon, down.-, She says it is the healthiest spot in the ..colony. This l do not gainsay. Situ ated on..a plain it gets the full benefit of the sea breeze, which seems always blowing. The roads are heavy,-with a reddish dust. There are thirty iron . cottages, each smothered a red ochre tint with this dust, a magistrate's resi dence of a .more villa-like appearance, a,;police station, two general stores, a mechanics' institute, and a funny lit tle building with a cross at its summit to proclaim it a church. A small bell is erected upon a staging Oft high, while the resident doctor is almost in variably the clergyman. :The town ship; is .situated at the mouth of. the River Gascoyne--perhaps the longest rivet'fin the colony. Its course- is rn av iv ed- inland by ; a" broad, sandy bed .banks.fringed.with gain trees of scant growth-^while. the water lies in; pools, which are at times a considerable ? dis tance apart. The surrounding country is a continuation of sandy plains, cov ered' 'with small watti è arid ' salt" bush. Sonne well-worn' dusty roads lead-to wards the interior, . and are1 appar ently kept in order by numerous black criminals,"- who are . occasionally brought in for,', sheep stealing jpn .^be squatters' domains. 'These blacks are chained wrist to wrist, carrying.- the road soil upon their' heads in boxes. The roads lead to where a few squat ters own miles and miïeà of land, where visitors are rare, and strangers rarer still.. Yet, with all its quiet,, its lack of buildings and bustle which are supposed to constitute-a town, I like this out of the way spot. It is but like most small'seaports-ancient, healthy, and lazy. You ..can talk, with hardy boatmen, , hauling in or squatting, upon .the sands mending great brown nets. Dozens of aboriginals are stalking about, half-naked- black children run about in the shallows, endeavoring to spear fish with little toy-spears, while numerous blackfellows, armed with long and . dangeroiis-looking: barbed spéars, are engaged' at the same oc cupation; The blacks here are al ¿together of a different class to those '""i have, hitherto met iii the colony. . They, work stevedoring on the pier, and the -lightermen say they are very .handy in; the boats-almost equal tc tue Maláys. You can wander on a black . and;. desolate .shore, where the sea. runs., under the mangrove!bushes: 1 you may walk for ihiles along-a coast, not seeing the ghost of a rock. IE . truth, standing on the pier and look ing a few miles south ward, the coasl is so excessively flat that it is'.difflculi to tell where land 'ends and Water be . gins. ' . It seems ¡to be always blow iug. ? . . . : \ The days are warra. The nights unusually chilly. How .the main pari of the 150 inhabitants manage to sub : sLstM don't' know. Nor can I find anj ,* 1 ? .' -? Nf --».-? -, person on Carnarvon who can tell me In the great stretch of the far north west there a re three more of what mas be-termed townships - Cossack, Roe bourne, and Broome. Derby anc ; Wyndham, still farther north, art mere settlements. Roebourne and Cos saek are kept pretty lively by the Pilba ira Gold Fields, the ream md ei chiefly by the deep sea pearlers. In addition to the»squater»' products pas sing through Carnarvon, sandalwood cutting is carried on some dista non Inland. Pearling for the smaller -ela ss of shells is yet carried on in Shark Bay, the largest and lio.^t quality coming from the more ; northern ports. Carnarvon re ceives very few visitors, and as it is destitute of business or gold attrac tions, the "other-sider" is absent. l ie lands at Cossack, where he takes a sn i ing boat to a port eighty miles furth >r . north, eventually settling down on the -Pilbarra Gold Fields, where, if he doo» not find gold, ¡he is certain to find n burning sim, plenty of water, blacks, and typhoid fever. Should he be un fortunate, he will have to pay £12 or £13 steerage to land him-[nonie -again. Southward of Cossack is Onslow, the port for Ashburton Gold Fields, which lie 200. - mil«.; inland. Taken altogether, th;1 nor'-west seems to be a land of desola tion, though inland from Carnarvon in wards and in the Kimberley district, there are squatters situated miles apa rt who own thousands of cattle, horses, and sheep. WEST ÁTJSTEALÍÁlSr ABORI0IÑES. f (See letterpress on previous page.) .' Corroboree Head Dress, Gascoyne River Tribe, A Native of the Gascoyne River Tribe. Corroboree Head Dress, Gascoyne River Tribe. 