FROUDE IN FACE DEATH. OF Among the recollections of Mr. Froude, which »!>pear in the January number of the " Contemporary Keview," the writer, tho late Mrs. Alexander Ireland, relates the following advent,m-o wbich befell Mr. Froude, herself, and i,-mc friends when out in a small sailing boat II' ar Sir. Froudu's rrsHeuoc :— " 'i'ij«:e was a whistling, keen cry in the v.'imi, and we were hurried along by sheer force oi the current of air and water. Opening my evt-s, I was suddenly aware of a chunj;e in the scone. Au ominous blackness lay ou t he water immediately around our little boat. The snn still shone at a distance, but we seemed in night- The cry of the wind was raised to a wild shriek, the water rose tumultously, the fierce gile came down one of those ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them—one of those narrow cleiLs between two hills. The sky, too, ii'.d changed ; the sail almost struck the water ; rain and sleet fell abundantly. " Just before this change of weather I had been saying to Mr. I'roude, • I shall never believe that I have been here ; it is all like tt dream to me, this experience.' And iny companion had said, ' You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not believe in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign P or is there any other way ?' " Bis dark eyes were very close to me, and 1 added nervously, « Oh, I am only joking.' " ' Bat.' he continued, ' will nothing remain to you of these sights and impressions after you leave us ?' " ' To me," I said, < all will remain : but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another." " He made no reply. The * squall' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not be righted. Fronde, who still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved: " * Are you afraid ?' He spoke loudly—for the roar of the elements made it needful. " I met his look and said quietly. ' Not in the least!' on which he tuinbd his head from me. " The storm^now grew more violent. Miss Froude, who was 6elf-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to be heard : " * I think we are in danger, father.' To which the reply, given without a tinge of emotion, was : " 1 Veiy likely.' " It flashed through my mind with the strange rapidity that is born of such moments, that a near possibility lay at hand of our all being drowned—since the capsizing of a pleasure boat in deep waters has often led to such an end. I saw, in my mind's eye. the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought: Hern is Mr. Fronde, 70 years of age—myself 50 —he not longiug to live—I not longing to live. Hitherto I haa been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat I felt an inclination to catch at his arm. but did not. ' Still,' thought I, ' if we drown it will be together ' ; and conscious myself of entire physical disability,it might, after all, have been that we should have clung together in that suorerae moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my mind. For again Froude's voice said, close to my car : " ' Are you ready ?' " Ami something nerved me up to add distinctly : " ' Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to be now and here !' " ' Well,' said he dreamily. ' if 'tis not now, 'tis yet to come ; tho readiness is all——' " And almost as soon as the words were spoken, th« boat righted, the stress of the storm abated, and we got under shelter of some rocks. " Then Froude said coldlv, ' Don't trust to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland !' And he gave me one of his unfavourable, searching looks." 