THE MISSING COAT. My name is Frederick Putnam. I have been the last 10 years foreman aud bookkeeper of the ltunbering establish ment of William Winston & Co. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and man ager of tho business. The other mem bers of the firm live in the city and at tend to the sales of lumber which we send to them by vessel. One cold evening as I was preparing for home I heard footsteps outside, and presently a tall, stont, well dressed man with a small traveling hag in one hand and a shawl over his arm entered . the office. I was alone. I had already put on my overcoat and was turning down the light. "Good evening," said the man, walk ing np to theatoveandkickingthedamp- er open with his foot. "Has Winston gone to tho house?" I answered that he had. "Whew! I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch. "I shall not have time to go up," he said. "The train is due in 16 minutes." "Is there anything I can do?" I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a dis patch that calls me home." "What name, sir?" "Anderson of Andersonville." I knew him then, though I had seen him hut once before. He had been one of our best western onstomers, I say had been for the reason that during the loBt year his payments had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Mr. Winston had that very day told me to write to him and "punch him up a little," as ho expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "Yon can leave the money with me, air; I will give you a receipt," I said. He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me. I never blamed anybody since however. "How much is my hill?" he asked, ey- ingme sharply. "Eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars and twenty-three cents," I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore. "Humph! Less than I supposed. Write me out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove and came and looked over my shoulder while I wrote. "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time, I can tell your signature any where," He drew from an inside ppoket a wal let and counting out 11 piles of bank notes he told me to count them. It was a short and easy task, for each pile con-, tained just 100 bills. The balance was in fives and twenties. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprang for urn traveling Dag, ana giving me a nasty handshake was off. I closed the door and counted the money again. Finding it right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it and slipped it into my overcoat pocket, I did not feel easy to have so much money about me, but as Mr. Win ston's house was at least a mile distant I concluded to keep it until morning, when I could deposit it in the bank. I drew on my gloves, took the office key from the nail over the doer and walked over to extinguish the light. As I did so I saw on the floor the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. Hehad dropped it in his hurry, I put it in my pocket" and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him, 1 would have dono it then, but aa the last for that day had gone on the train which took Mr. Anderson I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appointment with a young wom an whom I hoped would he my wife be fore many months. I hastened to my boarding house, ate my supper, and then went over to the home of my intended bride, wearing the coat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, and leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the par lor. At 10 o'clock when I prepared to leave, Carrie went into tho hall for my. coat and hat that I might put them on by the fire, but she came back with only my hat. "Why, Fred," she exclaimed, "you certainly did not venture ont such a night as this without an-overcoat?" "No coat!" 1 cried in a dazed way, for the thought of the money flashed upon me bo suddenly that it almost stunned me. The next moment I tore post her like a madman, as I was. The coat was gonel Then I was unnerved. 1 grasped at the stair rail and caught it just in time to snpport myself. Carrie came running ont, her face pale with alarm. "Oh, Fred, are you ill? Let me call mother and tho doctor! Yon are as white as a sheet." "No, no, Carrie!" I entreated, "There, I am bettor now." And I was better. I was strong all at once— desperately strong. And what brought about this change? That simple receipt which I had in my pocket. An derson had nothing to show that tho money had been paid, and waa not my unaided word as good as his? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "There, Carrie," I Buid quietly, "I am much bettor now. Tho room was too warm, I guess. So somo sneaking thlof has dodged in and stolen my coat? Well, let it go. It was an old one, and now I'll have a better one." "But you must not go out without aw overcoat," the dear girl answered, "anfi I If you will wait just a moment I will get you one of father's coats to wear home." She did so, and I started for home. You may guess that my, slumber that night Was not sound not refreshing, I never (msSod a inbre iliisofabie bight, "Why, Fred, you look as though- you met d, legion of ghosts last night,"- said Mr, Winston as he came into the office' the next morning. "What is the mat ter?' "1 did not Bleep well," I answered, With a smile. "By the way," continued my employ r, "did yon write to Anderson as I re- luosted?" I do not know how I managed to re- j)ly, tor the question set hie shivering from head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely Bit in my chair. 1 must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: "Then we may look for something from him tomorrow or next day." Im mediately afterward he added: "Why, Fred, you shiver as thongh you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butch er! You're ill, man! Come, jump into my trap, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching home I locked myself in. Ah, those were terrible ' hours I passed, and night brought no relief. Can you guess what 1 waa meditating? Cow ard that I was, I had resolved' on self de struction. I began my preparation with the same, calmness and deliberation- that I would hove nsed in the most common transaction. I- wrote a short explana tion to Carrie, another for Mr. WinBton, a third for my mother. In a fonrth en velope I inclosed the receipt to Mr. An derson. All this accomplished, I went to my wardrobe .and took out my re volver. Having examined the cartridges to make sure there would he no failure, 1 sat down before the fire and placed the pistol against my forehead. . In another Becond 1 should have been lifeless, bnt just ne my finger began to press the trig ger there was a tap on my door. It startled me, and easily concealing my weapon I called out that I could admit no one. "Not me, Fred?" I knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into her loved face mastered me. Quietly slipping the tell tale letters which I had left on the table into my pocket, I opened the door. "Oh, Fred, you are really illl" ex claimed Carrie the moment the light fell on my face. "Why did you not send for me? Aren't you better?" "Worse," I answered huskily. "Bnt, Carrie— good heavens!" As I uttered this exclamation I started hack and then forward, for hanging across Carrie's arm was my overcoat. Beoovering from my astonishment, 1 drew from the pocket $11,730.23. Yon have heard about the singular capers of a madman or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, but judging from what Carrie told me and from the appearance of my apartment after it was over I am led to believe that I was far more grotesque. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Car rie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own and had worn it down town, never thinking that a fortune was lying in the pocket. I sent Mr. Anderson his re ceipt, handed the money to Mr. Winston < and went on with my duties a wiser and, I hope, a better man. — Thomas G. Mitch ell in Drake's Magazine. 