NATUJfLALIST. THE GILA MONSTER. One deadly venomous reptile about whioh littlo is known evon by naturalists is the Gila monster, whioh is found in the desorts of the southwest of America. It is a combination of the rattlesnake and tho Asiatic basilisk in its poisonous effects, and has a mouth some what on the plan of that of an alligator, and logs liko those of a lizard. This queer reptile was first discovered to civilization by the early Spanish explorers in the Gila river valloy, iu what is now Arizona. The Gila monster is of an average length of eighteen inches, of which about one-third is the tail. It is a sluggish, lazy animal, with a striped or spotted skin, is about two inches thick, has four short, thick legs, and as it slowly moves in the sand, it is difficult to discover whether it is orawling or walking. Its head is thick aud broad, with protuber ances over its round, bulging, opaque oyes like tho horns of tho Bo-calkd California horned toad. Its teeth aro set like thoso of an alligator; something on the plan of the serrated teeth in a oross-cut saw. It does not crawl in the grass like a snake, bask on rocks as a lizard does, or hibernate in the muddy streams as does the alligator, but is always found in the hot desert sanda where tho temperature ia ; more than one hundred degrees and would roast anything except a salamander or Gila monster. It does not 'strike,' but bites, and when onco its teeth grip a victim its powerful jaws closo liko a trap. Its grip is relentless as that of the snapping turtle, whioh, it ia said, releases its fjraap only when it thun-: ders, though it be midsummer when it is caught. An attempt to Bhuko off this ter rible monster only aggravates the wound. Major Tower, U. S. A., now stationed in New York city, and who spent two years in Arizona on staff duty, tolls of a cowboy who caught a Gila monster and tied him to tho crupper of his saddle, so as to bring him to camp. On arriving he reached back to get the reptile to Bhow what ho had brought in. The monster caught the cowboy's thumb in its mouth and closed down. He could not unolosod the reptile. Finally a man put his foot on the monster's body, and an other succeeded in thrusting a bowie-knife m its mouth and thus pried it open. He finally had to split ita mouth before the cowboy oould let go of the roptilo. ' No,' said Major Tower, ' it did not kill tho cowboy, but ho came near losing his arm. I presume that in its anger the reptile had mado sovoral attempts to bite and thus emitted all of its vonom. Otherwise, no doubt, tho man would havo died. Oh, yes, whisky is used as un antidote, but the average Arizona brand is about as bad as the bite. Tho Yuma Indians havo a curative in tho snako root, which they use when bitten by a rattler or Gila monitor. Though the monster is native to the Gila valley, which is in the vicinity of Yuma, whero it was first dis covered, it is also fiomotimos found in the Death valley. Frospeoting miners, in at tempting to oross the desorts, have lain down uuder the scant shade of a caotus, or amoug a patoh of tunas, and have awakened in the agonies of death, poisoned by these creeping reptiles, whioh impregnate the air with their fetid breath. When found the body has turned blaok, but the dry climate preserves it from putre faotion, aud unless oovered by the drifting euuds is eaten by coyotes. It is very likely that in such oases the coyotes themselves die, becauso the poison of the Gila monster has comparatively little moisturo in its composition,' and has preserved its deadly qualities. This has been tested by Indian medicine men, who have subjected the venom of the monster to tho boiling process, with the view of weakening its power. It was found that a whitish sediment settled at the bottom after several hours' boiling. This sediment was bottled for more than a year, at the eud of whioh timo it was found to be more powerful than ever. Tho msdi oine i men tasted the virus by injscting tho distilled poison into rabbits and other ani mals. ' Ono of the most daring things I ever wit nessed,' said Major Tower, ' was a test of his powers given by ono of theao medicine men near Yuma. The ohlef medicine man, who also olaimod to be a wizard and possessed of snpomatural powers, assembled his aids around his oauldron, whioh was boiling and babbling with roots, herbs, lizards, antikoj, etc He was making medioina for the tribo. It was a weird spot, amid a grove near the Gila rivet, and the night wan very dark, espeoinlly suitable for the- g-vu-jsomo work. \- The ohlef medioino man drank liberally of Bnake-root tea, and then his body was liberally washed with eonao liquid that made it impervious to poisou. The body, bore to tha waist, was then painted In red and white utajtbj^AJox ikifl bvmg from tha wrist. ? = ? ? ?? — ~.«i«»ai Wo all Bat around in the firollghfc liko ghosts boforo a funonil pyro. Tho medicino mnn bounded into tho arena with a 'ho-ho,' brandishing over his head two Gila monsters. Then ho varied fbn pnipammo by twirling thorn around his Ix-iii- rind permitting them to crawl nil over him. We looked upon thin daring font with horror, whilo thn IndinnR viewed it with superstitious fronzy, find showered npon tho modicino chiel allthopro pcints they could command. ? ' Ho then pivo them nomo of tho medi cine, which had boon boiling nr.d bubbling during an incantation, 'fho doso of which thoy partook in doublo quantity would make thorn snake proof for the coming your. No, tho monsters' teeth were Dot extracted, and that is the moat surpri?insr thins* about it. Wo tried to got the medicino miin's secret for this mysterious charm, or whatever it may bo, but to no avail. They do not write prescriptions, even in their own dialect, but when they want a certain ingredient for a compound they go out and dig it up. They generally go at night, so that othora may not learn the secret, just as ths palo faco medi cine man shrouds his secret by writing Latin prescriptions. ' Tho medicine man 'eaches his scienco to his son. His most lucrativo praotico in in eollina4 a panacea for snake bites— a decoction that will mako tho body impervious for a year Against all snake bites — just as wo vac cinate for the prevontion of tho emnllpox. A decoction mado of the jimson weed is n:ud to bo an antidote for poison and nmke.s tho patient wiser and enables him to see visions — perhaps snakes. ? With the Yuma Apaches tho snake ia an object of veneration, especially tho rattler and tho Gila monster, and the f nake dunce is no doubt the most weird, horrifying and gruosomo spectacle a person ever witnessed. In fact, vory few white peoplo have witnessed them. About three days before the snako worship tho medicino men go out into tho desert and along the banks of the Gila river, on a still hunt for snakes. When the roptilo is seen ono of the medicine men stealthily ap proaches, and with a bunch of eagle feathers tied to a stick about a foot long begins to.un Hmber and crawl away. . 'Then with his thumb and forefinger- ho seizes the reptile by the back of the neck imd thrus+s it into a leather sack: When enough \\. squirming beauties have been caught,; fifteen * or twenty, according to the number of medi cine men wlio aro to participate in the dance worship, the snakes are carried to avillags estufa (house of worship) and turned loose. The medioino men fast three days, as also do tho snakes. '_\'- '_?''. Vli, \ ' ..! ~ ?-— 'The medioine men have ; drunk : liberally of; snakeroot tea and washed their bodies in anti rjoison decoctions, laying it on like 'some ladies paint their faces, an inoh thiok. , On the night before the dance the snakes are placated by being sprinkled with corn msal. Corn meal is the Indian's incense, and tho sprinkling is supposed to allay the snakes' vonom and power. .. v : ? ' About sundown tho dancers file out of the estufa, whero they have been fasting and dancing — the Indian dances when he prays. Their bodies are bare to the waist; a short buokakin garment extends from the waist to the knee ; their legs and feet are bare, the body is painted white and crimson, and the oustomary fox- Ekin hangs from the waist. The master of ceremonies dumps down sev eral sacks of onakeB in front of the line of dancers. Two men dance with one snake. The Gila monster was known to the Apaches of the dosert long before the Spaniards came, but neither thoy nor the Americans have learned tho seerat of propitiating him, or of making themselves snake-bite proof.' 