'BOUT TOWl^. (By. J* jG^osr.!') | ? ' But that I'm fqrbld I:could a tale unfold i wh.o^c, lightest word would harrow* up thy soul.'— Shakespeare. - ? | ?-*oiog 1 G;»ing I 'Ha^o you all dohe f Tlisrd and last .lime of asking 1 Oil no, | nothing of (lie sort. The daye barogone! bye when one could drive up io front of ! Bruuyhitm e.nd Cu's about nbon un a ] Saturday, i;et his ' lot' of buggy horse \ and Imrnes^ ' knocked down ' in the j middle uf the road by the ji-Hy old auo- j tioneer of thac firm and then walk .or ? diiveaway us the case may be Things' are altogether different now, The atten- 1 tion of policeman X09 lias been drawn to ] this great and glaring abuse which aims At the vviy iooi of '? lawnorder ' and lia« j existed so long Tbe uuthoriiies prompted by, well never mind, hove uwoke to a seo6eof(he impending danger and the practice is hereafter to be put down, and not knocked down. If you mailt on heiog knocked do*u you might apply - to an ad* jtcent firm who might kuock you down or out as you please, irrespective of whether UB legal or uot. Its a moot question now with S'ime people whether im the ' lot or lots ' which have no right on the road, or Ihe auctioneer Suppose the auctioneer stood inside bis office and the ctowd tiled in and surged on to the footpath, while the ' lot now offered' stood in the middle of the road. Anyway an auction sale in the middle of Lachlan-street is more pre ferable in these dull and prosaic days than a stand up tight, aud beyond all dis pute on {Saturday last Mr Auctioneer proved himself the more law abiding and ri'8peotable citizen by attempting the former. Bully for you iiomgluon. Long down the dim vista of time a cer tain period is now labelled the ' atone age,' another the ' erin-age ' and so on, but commend me to tbe present as the ' spurious age.' What's a Trade Mark ? an infant laiel- inquired of its pareot. Why do you ask ? Because replied she, gazing at a jam tm, its printed on every thiug the grocer briugs. Oh its so that we can ^ee who made them. Not a very I explicit explanation, but most certainly a I vaiu boast. The knowledge gained I i recently by the people cf Victoria about I tbe constituent parts of their protected i ' all wool' blankets must have been a| j series of eye openers as the mnff debate I proceeded. 'Tell me not iu mouroful I numbers, Life is but en empty dream,' i j sang the pnet. And iu the j-ieaem day it is not. Its one of action, and most | spurious aciioo, ' and things are not vrhat I they seem.' Ail this is well, understood | in this everyday world, but the universe stands aghast wben tbe faot is proclaimed that the duiugs of a lone and poor ghost I are uushielded from invasion by the | spurious imitators. Ye Guile and little fishes, were eve? the vile tactics of mortal man carried to such extremes before. Look od this paragraph, and on I refer to olie pushed in under my trade mark, last Tuesday's issue. Some miser able sheet aud clothes prop veniuriug timidly on my track, sees wiih disturbed vision a little silly horse play and straight way with pious horror prates of ' wild beasts tearing each other ' (would they had but torn him).,. 'Departed spirits ot the mighty dead,' but why invoke their aid ? The restless spirit that wanders aimlessly about after bours, and paltus his exagerated visions off under the shadow of a resDectuble Gho-st is not to be trusted. Beware of imitations, none are geuuine uuieBS signed GHOST. Let this perverter and would-be Ghost adorn the Bilby columu, for it. like him, is out of date. Would you see him, then join hands rouod a table, turn down the lights, and play cha mber mus;c softly. The chief con cern of paler families looking for a house just now must of necessity be the approacnes thereto. This might have a grundiloqaeut sound in some places, but in Hay it simply means the ohance of getting in aud but after a shower of raiu, without, say, losing a boot or ruining a pair of pants. Would you be beguiled by gardening, paiut-ing, or any other ing, If so you . are the veriest uovice, No-ings, or at any rate Fewnngs are so important as hav iug an alderman residing in tbe immediate vicinity. First catch your alderman, track him vigilantly when he leaves tbe Couucil Chamber until he roaches his lair. Nest inoruiug take any habitation on the track which offers, and one piircf boots with oue pair of pants wjll last you all the winter. You 'will be able to smile at 'thoae- unsophisti- cated people who live -off ihe track; aud are contiitually bowliugaibnut Baud. They nearly always get it by the- time theeuiu trier has arrived. , ; lie's gone, and a great void has been i created in tile every day aud night life of . Hay. 'As'wesVoodopon the railway plat form and waved our tear stained cotton | handkerchiefs (our hearts were too full to cheer), we felt that tbe town . was being lereftof almost its brightest aud promis ing resident. ; He bad only been a short time with,U8, 'but had entwined himself as ii were— Eli 1 Yes, ,1 was at tbe send off the niglit after or before; I 'think. ? Where was -it . Why at the Caledonian uf course and lhe way ]we rallied' up (thinking- he might make another bid for popularity) was pathetic. Mauyfprbfiiising'- citizens testified to hia J popularity 'ay dins' over-; poweriug modttely/ JVheb he got up to reply his'firs't w'qrds^w'Me inaudible oo ac-j c9unt'Prhi8:great emotiop, .'ftud ,-be Hvoci-' ferou^ nai^ing ot drinks aud v applauB^ Avhe warmed Vji ,xye gathered some idea how he hBd aitttined to^ such .great popu larliy. J : oii^appeiire the-J.2s 6d had really very little io do~*with it. It was the ^eldluz: jowUecB. gav& ay my- before breakfast. Yes, the -secret is out. Quite early-'ihrlife hp learned tliat in f order to make;^an] jmpresaio'n ^on ot he mind it was, . fiist .^ ceoeesary v to clear '(he stomach.! j Several, -.people here roselike iu the Salvation :Army. to testify, butwerepromptly suppressed* When -lie ppoke of- how he might1: have cnarried the ^aire'st.ir any of the daughters ! of Hay, ilieintjmpp/iy.were moved almost to tears, and .iriBUirtly sang ' For.h^s a jolly good felfoV'- with their hatson upBide down. Butlie'sgoue Yale Percy. .. } .it's a. moighiy foine^ acj-immnge ac -iniu On, uti the 24th aV tha rnuhth. Cone to' 'town ' the ODouells, the O'D.iugals, jiitid the Q'Haulons, The t;« 'Unity 'cills, ye intlat obey ' The perliti otl ? situ inli'uti ib sich ^asw.demands the l ueepeM.it.'d i\\\b greatjedt einbryoUu'aB iver |'nrmjens U»e 'aiinela '^bf Miiy^bouutry Trom {Lime i.U |i» Ki:c'iy. Cuine ou J^ill . AUia j wny, « VTVil i y e'S p II pe e tfe', and b'y-tte 'fiddler ;that placed Oefore^JutiuBTCffipar, like true ^Irish gint1emW'r^Vil'^ie?^oh^iiher for !tb^ love o' God. ,7 Isrit .w;t|d .b^gfi and praten ye ?Wantl ^ Is it ftgin^the Gover* 'mint or for foightea the Premier ye ere ! Abah 1 and forgitten the reqoiremenls of ' tho pcopb' of Uay . Ha^eaoaro, there's, a decent- lud ;iii harness, although at. present not saddled with the job es would ent go a grsftin- for ; place aiiff pay. ; '^As wouldent some dny ethep off yer shoulder onto the Govmint bincliee. Don't we,: want to sell the Irrigation Trust, Clerk and all to the Goverroint, and who do ye .think could ido' 'it better tHati a qniet^ .civil lad who'wouldentmako a fool of him self hy trying to double up tho Premier. Bully for — *-well niver moiudj^ye'll know all about it after the 'iecuoh. 1 Tbe non* memorable Dean case cropped'' up In out local Supromo Court on Moii day, when counsel Norton drew the atten* tion of the jnry to . tho danger of hastily convictins: on circumstantial evidence, but the ffily Crown Prosecutor very cleverly * turned the reference to account. What, said he, is the moral to be deduced from the Dean case, simply, gentlemen, that absolutely no reliance can tee placed upon the. sworo statements of people like those, and most dramatically he pointed .to the three 'ladies' who graced the dock. 