[?] v (Continued from the £-0KDiT Tiiies Xxnas Issue). THE MURDERED SHEPHERD. After many years' ex perience in the depths of the silence and weird-like phantasmagoria,, as Marcus Clarke calls it, known as tbo back-blocks of Australia, Sometimes on stations sometimes overlanding, sndoften.,on now goldfiolds, I have had mauy ?varied and thrilling experiences, but none remain so indelibly impressed upon my memory as that which fell to my lot on 'Wadigong Station. Ib was about three months before shearing1, and as there wonld be a general muster Bhortly, it was my dnty, as one of the boundary-riders, to ride aronnd the run until I struck Mr. Dalton's hut, where I would me.et Charley Roberts, anotbor boundary-rider, who, affcerseeing that the fences on hispartof the run were safe, would join me, and two of us would make a bee-line across the run for the homo Btead. Ned Dalton, the occupier of the hut, was a shepherd, and as we only mustered twice ft year Ned wa3 very seldom seen except upon . those occasions, and when he ran short of flour, which necessitated a trip to the station, two days hard riding. Well,' about noon I struck the hut, and after taking off the saddle and pack and hobbling tho horses, I passed in Bide the chock-and-log fence and approached the door. ' Good-day Ned,' I said as I entered tho open door; but to my astonishment no Ned was to be seen, and aa his collie suddenly sent up a wailing cry, I concluded that Ned had gone to the station for his supplies, and to make proof positive I fossicked about for his flour-bag, expecting it to be empty, but to my surprise found it half-full ! What the deuce is the meaning1 of this, thought I. He's not ehort of rations, so where can he be. The hut and its belongings seemed to be as they were when I visited Ned three months pre viously, and as tho hut was out in a very i lonely part of tho run I was convinced that something unusual had occurred, Hungry and tired after my journey, I proceeded to boil the billy, and before doing so placed my hand into the dead ashes in the fireplace, only to find them cold, thereby proving that no meal had been cooked for some time. A huge fire was soon blazing, and after knocking up a damper for tea I lit my pipe and sauntered out of the hut. Presently I espied Charlie Eoberta riding and loading his paok borae. Aa' Boon as he had hobbled and hung his b addle tip I told him of Ned's absence. '* 'Well, he's a queer old chap,' said Charley, **bnt I'm hanged if I can make it out, and there's that tan collie of his crying likea kid.' 'Yes,' said I, 'and even supposing that he had-tnade for the homestead he would not walk when he had a thoroughbred to ride, and besides, he wouldn't leave the pup be hind him.' ' Oh, well 1' said Roberta, ' lot's have some tea, and maybe he'll turn up before dark.' Aiter we had satisfied ourselves with damper and mutton, we strolled out, took a look at our horses, and made again for the hut. Everything was quiet, save but for the peal of a few jaokasses perched in an ad jacent tree, who seemed to be laughing at our disconcerted appearance. ' Damn those birds,' said Roberts. ' I do hate to hear them screeching like great ghouls. Ever sinae I picked up the boues of that tramp near the 90-mile tank last year those jackasses always keep the damned thing before my eyes. I remember well how Ladybird kept shying and jumping as we neared the tramp, and when I got a sniff of the corpse I knew what was up, and, tying Ladybird up to a tree, I got around until I spotted the dead 'un. God's truth, it was an awful sight, and just as I was looking- at it three jackasses overhead commenoed to laugh like blazes. Ib sounds queer, Tom, but when they begin now I always think of that dead tramp.' 'Superstition,1' I said; 'and, besides, ?what's that got to do with Nod?' 'I don't know, but I've got a nasty feelinff.'1 It was now dark, and as the stars were well up in tho sky we decided to turn in. There was only one bunk in the hut, Ned's, and as he might at any moment turn up, Charley and I decided to camp on tho floor. Our blankets were unfolded, our saddles brought down for pillows, and wo -wore soon enjoying a well earned rest. I fell asleep, but awoke in a few minutes, and then tossed from one side to tho other — yot I could not sleep. There was plenty of fresh air, tho hut door was wide open, and the threo dogs, Ned's, Charlie's, and mine, lay outside. Thinking Charlie ?was asleep, and not wishing to disturb him, I lit my pipe with a piece of wood ash rather than strike a match, and again returned to bed. 'What's up, Tom, can't you sleep?' he eaid. 'No,' I replied, 'Nor I. I think I'll go and sifc outside for awhile.' And so Baying, he got up, Blipped his trousers on, and strolled out. Presently he rushed into the hut. ' By God, Tom, he's here,' he Baid, pant ing for breath. 'Who?' , 'Ned.' 'Where?' ' ' I've seen him on tho chimney.' ' You're goine mad, Tom,' I said. 'Your liver is out of order. If he was hero he would be in bed.' ' Get up, Tom, and see for yourself, and if it's not Ned, well, by all that's holy, it's his ghost.' I am not naturally a coward, but when it comes to facing those old-womaniah ideas I get a bit off like. Well, I went out to the door, and as I did Ned's collie stood staring at the roof, and howling the most dismal, blood-curdling howl possible. 'There he isl There he ia !'' cried Charley, excitedly. I looked up aud — I own up to it — I waa Beared. There was Ned, with his shirt and doles on, with blood streaming down his face, standing on the roof with his hand resting on the obimney-slab. Charlie grabbed me by the arm. 'Do yon Bee him?' he whispered. 'Yes,' I stammered in reply. After a few minutes — which felt like hours ?—Charlie's grip on my arm tightened, and he called out : 'What tho hell are you doing up there, Ned?' No reply, and nothing to break tho awful silence save the howls of Ned's collie. 'Speak to us, Ned; wo're the boundary aiders on the run.' ; Still no reply. Presently tbe arm which rested on the chimney rose slowly, and. the forefinger bent downwards, and tho voice — by Heaven, it was' ? ? Ned's — said ' I am buried outside this chim ney. My murderer is at the homestead.' The arm slowly fell to the side, and while we both stood aghast, unable to speak, the apparition suddenly vanished. I waa . unablo to speak, and all Cbarlie could do waa to keep on repeating ' My God. MyGod.' We went inside and lit the slush lamp, and both remained silent. I called my dog to my Bide and grabbed my stockwhip. Charlie did the same. And thus we sat and smoked in eilence until daybreak, Nod's collio outside keeping up a dismal chant all the time. With tho break of day returned our Bolf poasesaion, and as* I turned to speak to Charlie I discovered that his bair had turned Bnow white. 'What'U we do, Charlie,' I said, not mentioning the grey hair circumstance. ' I'm just thinking,' he said. ' Lot ua put the pick into the ground around the hut.' ' Right you are.' We started at tho chimney corn or and cleared away a olump of thistles with the hoe. We had sot gone throe feet down beforo we found tho toes of two boots sticking up. ' Go easy with that shovel, Tom ; he's here right enough.' Judging the length we began to scrape, and presently the ghastly features of bis butchered face and head were rovealed. I, Bickened with. the sight and smell, turned away and leaned upon the fanoo. I looked around and saw Charlie shovelling in tho dirt again. . ' Let's got the horses in. I'll run them in if you seo to tho breakfast,' caid Charlie, and whiBtling hia dog, bo made off. Two days after we wore at the homestead, and related what we had seen. The boss and the super returned with us, and after the body of poor' Ned waa pulled up and examined by the boss, who waa a J.P., wo made a box aad deposited it under a big sbeoak, upon which we chopped a cross and Ned's initials,, which .may ba seen to this date by travellers crossing tbe Billabong, near the Edwards. ?A. month after that two troopers cams to the liomestead and loft the following mornine, taking with thgm the cook. Whon arrested a cheque belonging to Ned was found in his svrag, and a suit of olothea which the boss identified as having been supplied to Ned oat of the otore. He was found guilty, sentonoed to death, and hung. I have given over all my ideas of supersti tion now, and am a firm believer in the super natnral — I don't know what to call it, you city folks may „ have a name for it. Poor Charlie, he always thinks the jackass a bird of ill-omen. O&Iy; littely we were overlandin? together, and wore patting the cattle over a nasty-looking gully whdn a sickening smell arose. Presently a flock of jackasses screeohed. ' There's some unfortunate wretches bones bleaching down there,' said Charlie, his countonanoe changing as he spoke. 'Yes, 'I replied, ' lot's rido on ; we can't stop.' Than I thought again of Charlie's words upon the night of the ghostly vision of the murdered Shepherd. — M. Eeaf. 