ALL ALONG THE RIVER. CHAPTER I. (Continued.) BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of ‘Lady Audley’s Secret,’ ‘The Venetians, or All in Honor,’ ‘Aurora Floyd,' ‘The Cloven Foot,’ ‘Dead Men's Shoes,’ ‘Just as I Am,’ ‘Taken at the Flood,’ ‘ Phantom Fortune,’ ‘ Like and Unlike,’ ‘ Weavers and Weft,’ &c.;, &c.; A man in plain clothes, who looked more like a valet than a butler, answered the bell. ‘Send Mrs Mayne, and bring tea,' ordered bis lordship. What a slender, girlish form it was which tbs removal of the tweed jacket revealed. Ibe slim waist and somewhat narrow shoul ders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beantiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the head, now the bat vas off, would also have done for Diana; a small classic head, with soft brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low, white brow, and rolled into a knot at the back. The features were as delicate as the com plexion, in which there was no brilliancy of coloring, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes were dark grey, with long brown lashes, and tbeir present expression was between anxiety aod wondering interest. Lostwithiel was not snch a coxcomb as to appropriate that look of interest. He saw that it was his boose and not himself which inspired the feeling, ‘Yon like old houses, I can see, Mrs Dis ney,’ he said, smiling at her. ‘Dearly. They are like poems in brick and atone, are they not 2 I dare say there srs stories about this room.’ ‘lnnumerable stories. I should have to ransack the Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very bad memory to a perilous extent for others.’ ‘ls it haunted2’ ‘I am not one of those privileged persons who see ghosts; neither seventh son of a terenth eon; nor of the mediumietic tem perament; but I have heard of an apparition pervading the bonse on occasions, and being teen in this room, which is one of the older looms, a part of that bnilding which was once a grange appertaining to a certain email monastery, put down by Henry VIII., end recorded in the Black Book. As one of lbs oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny; but as I have never suffered any incon venience it that line, I make it my own par ticular den.’ ‘lt is the most picturesque room I ever EJ w. And what a multitude of books 1’ ex claimed Isola. ‘Yes; I have a good many books. I am always buying; but I find I never have exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am too apt to forget the books I have. If I could afford to epend more of my hfe at the Mount, I would engage some learned gentleman, whose life had been a Mure, to take care of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mrs Disney 2’ 1 No. I was born at Dinan.’ ‘What2 in that medieval Breton city 2 Yon ere not French, though, I think?' ‘My mother and father were both Englieh, ont my sister and I were bom .and brought Dp in Brittany.’ Lostwithiel questioned no further. He Dad a shrewd idea that when Englieh people ,i* e ‘dd ft good many years in a Breton town Dey have reasons of their own, generally Dancial, for their choice of a settlement, he was a man who could not have spent six Pads k' B bfe aw °y from London and The housekeeper made her appearance and cred her services. She rung the rain cat ? “Dio's cloth skirt, and wiped the muddy k'Di. She took charge of. the jacket and 1 < and at Lostwithiel’s suggestion she re- Dined to pour out the tea. She was a very ginned person, in a black silk gown and a L C f C *P’ a °d she treated her master as if he afr 'a 6n a Isola could not be am of taking tea in this matronly I 9enoe > yet she kept looking nervously tbs - B Mie window in front of her, where ra,a boat with undiminished force, and Digit 6 t 66 dBrkBDiD e 8k Y t<dd impending Di>i ott are Bett*ng8 ett *ng anxious, Mrs to BS ' d Lostwithiel, who had nothing 'he f bat watok her free—mob an expres tifol a £ e at a " t ' me8 > 80 picturesquely bean theln 60 * oac * let l by the flickering light of fins t* W od dre ' * y° u have to wait for Soar e j er y° a may be here all night, and I'H P e °ple _at home would be frantic. homo ;„ e . r . a c “ rr, ' a g B , and you can be at ■ n , 10 three quarters of an hour.’ Son tn D °’ f ,ord Lostwitniel, I couldn’t give win t mu °h trouble. If yonr housekeeper and nLl° k 'nd as to lend me a cloak And T k j 8 ? 8 ’ oan g et home very well. ■ln adbo . tter start at once.’ J It win f 1 ?**"• alone, and in the darkness, c *>e. ~ before yon are home in any such a ik-Mrs Disney, if I were to permit thing I should expect Major Dineey to call me out directly lie came home. He is in India, I think.’ * eß > He is with his regiment in Bur ma!).’ ‘ Do yon expect him home soon?’ ‘Not very soon; not for six months, or perhaps longer. It was that which made me walk so far.’ Lostwithiel looked puzzled. ‘I mean that I was so disappointed by his letter—a letter I received to-day—that I went out for a long walk to walk down my bad spirits if I could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made me inflict trouble on you, and Mrs ’ ‘ Mayne. Both Mrs Mayne and I are delighted to be of nse to you. Order the station brougham, Dalton, immediately,’ to the man who answered hie bell. 1 The carriage can-hardly be ready in less than 20 minutes, so pray try to do justice to Mrs Mayne’s tea.’ ‘ It is delicious tea,’ said Isols, sipping it luxuriously, enjoying the fire-glow, and the dancing lights upon the richly-bound books in all their varieties of coloring, from crimson and orange-tawny to cream vellum, Sbe'was evidently relieved in her mind by the knowledge that she was to bo driven home presently, ‘ If you are really interested in this old house, yon must come some sunny morning and let Mrs -Mayne show yon over it,’ said Lostwithiel, establishing himself with his oup and saucer upon the other side of the hearth. . ‘ She knows all the. old stories, and she has a better memory than I.’ 1 1 should like so much to do next summer, when my husband can come with me.’ ‘ I’m afraid Major Disney won’t care much about the old place. He is a native of these parte, and must have been here often in my father’s time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next October for the shooting—bat there is no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morning that yon have nothing better to do. Mrs Mayne is always at home; and as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to yourselves and talk about ghosts to your hearts’ content.’ ‘ Ob, my lord, I hope I know better than tp say anything disrespectful of the bouse,’ protested Mrs Mayne. * My dear • Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree,’ Isola murmured some vague acknowledg ment of his civility.' She was far too shy to have any idea of taking advantage of his offer. To re-enter that bouse alone of her own accord would be impossible. By-and bye, with her husband at her side, she would be bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such a house. After this there came a brief silence, Mrs Mayne stood straight and prim behind the tea table. Nothing would have induced her to sit in his lordship’s presence, albeit she had dandled him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and fine flannel which composed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited some forgetfulness of caste distinc tions. Mrs Mayne fully understood that she was wanted there to set the stranger at her ease, and she performed her mission; but even her presence could not relieve Isola’s slyness. She felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong but kindly hand. She sat listening for carriage wheels, and only hearing the dull thumping of her own scared heart. And yet he was so kind, and yet be so fully realised her idea of high-bred gentleness, that she need hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She stole a glance at him as be stood by the chimney piece, in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at the burning logs on the massive old andirons. The firelight shining on a face above it will often give a sinster look to the openest countenance; and to-night Lost withiel's long, narrow face, dark deep-set eyes and pointed beard had some tonch of the diabolical in that red and uncertain glow; an effect that was but instantaneous, for ns the light changed the look passed, and she saw him as he really was, with bis pale and somewhat sunken cheeks, and eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentleness. ‘ Have you lived long at the Angler’s Nest, Mrs Disney!’ be asked, ot last. ‘ Nearly a year and a half; ever since my marriage, with just one interval in the South of France, before Martin went to India.’ ‘ Then I need not ask if you are heartily sick of the place?’ I Indeed, I should not be tired of the cot tage or the neighborhood if my husband were at home. I am only tired of solitude. He wants me to send for his sister—a girl who is just leaving school—to keep me company; but I detest school girls, and I would much rather be alone than endure a perpetual tele a-ictc of that kind.’ ‘You are wise beyond your years, Mrs Disney. Avoid the sister, by all means. She would bore you to death—a scampering, exu berant girl, who would develop hysteria after one month of Trelasco dulness. Besides, I am sure you have resources of your own, and that yon would rather endure solitude than uncongenial company.’ Isola sighed and shook her head rather dolefully, tracing the pattern of the Persian rug with the point of her stick. I I am very fond of books, and of music,’ she said; ‘ but one gets tired of being alone after a time. It seems such ages since Martin and I said good-bye in Venice. I was dreadfully unhappy at first. I stand almost alone in the world, when I am parted from him. ‘Your father and mother are] dead!’ in gentlest inquiry. ‘Oh, no; they are not dead; they are at Dinan,’ she said, almost as if it were the same thing. ‘ And that is very far from Trelasco.’ ‘ They never leave Dinan. The kind of life suits them. Mamma knits; papa has his club and his English newspapers. People enjoy the English newspapers so much more when they live abroad than when they are at home. Mamma is a very bad sailor. It would be a risk for her to cross. If my sister or I were dangerously ill, mamma would come. But it would be at the hazard of her life. Papa has often told me so.’ ‘ And your father, is he a bad sailor !’ ‘ He is rather worse than mamma.’ ‘ Then I conclude you were married at Dinan!’ ‘ Oh, yes; I never left Brittany until my wedding day.’ ‘ What o pretty idea. It is as if Major Disney had found anew kind of wild flower in some nook or cranny of that old grey wall that guards ths town.’ ‘ You know Dinan?’ ‘There are very few places within easy reach of a yachtsman that I don’t know. I have anchored in almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, and have rambled in land wherever there was anything worth seeing within a day’s journey from the coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may have passed you in the street there. Do you sketch, by the way?’ ‘ A little.’ ‘Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have seen sitting at street corners or under archways, doing fearful and wonderful things with a box of moist colors and a drawing board.’ ‘ The young ladies who sit about the streets are tourists,’ said Isolo, with a look of disgust. ‘ I understand. The resident ladies would no more do such things than they would sit upon the pavement and make pictures of salmon or men-of-war in colored chalks, like our Metropolitan artists.’ ‘ I think I hear a carriage,’ [said Isola, putting down her cup and sanoer, and look ing at her jacket, which Mrs Mayne was holding before the fire. ‘ Yes, that is the carriage,’ onswered Lost withiel, opening the glass door. ‘ What a night. The rain is just ns bad as it was when I brought you indoors.’ ‘lf you will accept the use of a shawl, ma’am, it would be safer than putting on this damp jacket.’ ‘ Yes, Mayne, get your shawl. Mrs Disney will wear it, I know.’ The housekeeper bustled out, and _ Lost withiel and his guest were alone, looking at each other somewhat helplessly, as-they stood far apart, she in the glow of the hearth, he in the darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject of conversation bad been exhausted, Their embarrassment was increased when Dalton and a footman came in with two great shining lamps, and flooded the room with light. ‘ I hardly know how to thank you for having taken so much trouble about me,’ I»oIa faltered presently, under that neces sity to say something which is one of the marks of shyness, * There has been no trouble, I only hope I got yon out of that pelting rain in time to save you from any evil consequences. Strange that onr acquaintance should begin in such an accidental manner. I shall be very glad to know more of Major Disney when he comes home, and in tbs meantime I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting you sometimes. No doubt you know every body in the neighborhood, so we can hardly help running against each other some where.’ Isola smiled faintly, thinking that tbe chances of any such meeting were of the slightest; but she did not gainsay him. He wanted to say something courteous no doubt, and had gone into no nice question of proba bilities before he spoke. She had heard him described by a good many people, who had hinted darkly at his shortcomings, but had all agreed as to his politeness and persuasive powers. ‘ A man who would talk over Satan him self,’ said the village lawyer. Mrs Mayno appeared with a comfortable shepherd’s plaid shawl, which she wrapped carefully about Mrs Disney in a pleasant motherly fashion. .The rain had all been shaken off tbe little felt hat, which had no feathers or frippery to. spoil. People who live in the West of England make their ab count with wet weather. Lord Lostwithiel handed his guest into the carriage, and stood bareheaded in the rain to wish her good-bye before he shut the door. ‘ I shall be very anxious to know that you have escaped cold,’ he said, at the last moment; ‘I hope you won’t think me’a nuisance if I call to-morrow to enquire,’ He shut the door quickly, and the brougham drove off before she could answer. She was alone in the darkness in the snug warm little carriage. There was a clock ticking beside her, n sound that startled her in the darkness. There was a basket hang ing in front of her, and an odor of cigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear rug, lined with softest cloth, which almost filled the carriage. She had never sat in such a carriage. How different from the mouldy old Clarence in which she occa sionally went to dinner parties—a capacious vehicle with a bow window like a seaside parlour 1 She leant back in a corner of the little carriage, wrapped in a soft and shaggy rug, wondering at her strange adventure. She had penetrated that mysterious house on Black fir Hill, and she had made the acquaintance of Lord Lostwithiel, How much she would have to tell Martin in her next letter. She wrote to him every week—a long loving letter, closely written on thin, glazed paper, pouring out all her fancies and feelings to the husband she loved with all her heart. She etghed as her thought recurred to the letter received to- day. Six months, or perhaps even a vear, before he was to come back to her! Yet the letter had not been without hopefulness. He had the prospect of getting his next step before that year was over, and then his coming home would be a final return. He would be able to retire, and he would buy some land—a hundred acres or so—and breed horses—one of bis youthful dreams—and do a little building, perhaps, to enlarge and beautify the Angler’s Nest, and bis Isola should have a pair of ponies and a good saddle horse. He looked forward to a life of unalloyed happiness. (To he Continued.) 