A Trip to Ghost-Ian^}. A tale ! A tale ! a^'orrible tale : 'Spooks' in Dungog. Well, I al ways thought that something' dread full had been done ia the district, and the Lord's vengeance has shown it Belf in several ways by visiting ua with flood and fire. Let us hope that it has scourged and purged sufficiently the fast fading year oF 1895, and t!io * beginning of the Now Year will be brighter ond.moro prosperous. Now for the tale. It is said that for the last six months a party of bard ^vork- ? ' . era and good Church going pbople ^»-' (not the usual whiskey -drinker' who can see 'spooks' any night on his way home after aever.il potations, but total abstainers who h ive a clear eye and a cool head), are nightly visited by ghosts or apparitions, and hairlift ing noises — such as ga'loping horses, a crying child, the vision of a man, woman, and child, lights, and a couple of foreigners quarrelling in a loud tone ; and after going to bed to get a cold, clammy hand passed over your head whilst one is wide awake, is not too pleasant a sensation, these times. Well, after bearing all this, I made party — after several false starts— to go out and investigate. We arrived in two or three batches j after getting particulars and exploring the ground. -? we scattered about and Sat down [ quietly in groups with the haunted . I campers, who aver that they are night ly visited, and listened to blood curd ling tales. Some oF us wandered to the bottom of the piddock, but after we had beon watching for about half - an hour the others camre looking for us to see if we had been talking French or German, as they had heard these aliens having a row. As three of our party said they heard it, we began to think the air was getting mighty sul phurous, but as one of those who did ; not hear anything I cannot give an ' opinion. Some one suggested that it might be a gorilla escaped from the Zoo, another thought it might haye j been the echo from the Turks- andv Armenians having a row, but it seemed ? a bit too far off for that. After this aome of the party left, and the rest of us sat down quietly and awaited further developments.' The next ': part of the programme was a light ; well, I must admit that I saw this soft * moving light, and the others say they saT it ; I therefore came to the con clusion that I was still e*ne. Whether it was imagination after what I hid been told, I cannot say, but if ib was so the others had it 'bad' too I waited for more fun with a revolver and a creepy feeling ^ all mixed up, when lo and behold, right in front of me, came four or five moving figures. »'?' Grasping my revolver, which was shaking in my hand terribly, 1 said in a hollow voice, or thought I did, 'Here thej come' but as they came closer I thought I recognised a gun, ' ' and then a laugh, and Oh ! what a re- - lief, a voice One 'of the party on— -i tha Rfimp nlnv' as oiirnnlvan w)„anoi-ail ? to me 'Have you 'seen anything.' I J said 'No,' but I smelt a spirit just - ? then, only ib was one of Hennessey's ' i Three Star spirits. It didn't scare me - j much. It was now 2 o'clock a.m'., and ' ? ; we had seen no vision where we had : ' been sitting, I went and sat in a quiet f spot my myself and tried to make them appear in all shapes, but it was 1 j no good— it wouldn't work. I can't' - t be a medium, so I went back to the i others and turned over a box and sat ^ down — but in the dark I turned it up ; the wrong way up and went into it-' r - Ji and stopped there, tired and sad, but not much wiser about 'spooks.' 80 it we saddled op and departed, and ar- f ived home at 6 a.m., enriched with - £ fresh morning air and a good feed oE''-'- s mushroom. .- -? DUNGOG WABBIOB. ? \ That there is a good time coming pes for thirsty ratepayers, as candidates ft for municipal honors have already p) started shaking hands all round, and shouting for the 'orny sons of toil. p i Tbat other candidates are talking of. v £g introducing a bribery and corruption clause in the Municipal Act, ^ That there ib great speculation aa || to who will fill the mayoral chair next ? 3$ year. - ? g At theWagga Experimental Farm -, there _ are growing at present 440 3? varieties of wheat, believed to be the ^ largpst collection in tho world. ? 5$ A body of 1500 Arab cavalry has 'if besieged Saffi, Morrocco, and in the - % fighting 80 of the defending force ? p were killed. The Moors, taking advantage of the || Arab attack on Saffi, looted the stores ; ~ ' |j| of the English merchants m the town- || The Dungans, the Mahommedans J? in revolt againBt the Chinese in Kan- - §£ su, have seoured the control of? the ' ? country between Bangschau and Lan-; ohan. In the opinion of Mr. John Bforley s% the trade competition of other. |'Na« - V',' tions in the East threatens the suprem- v-. acy of Great Britain in the markets of &; the world. 1-. It is asserted by Mr. John Morley '? that crude legislative solutions ..of - labor problems have had the effe'ot imperilling British commerce. ' ' The Governor's private opinion is, that the ' M ilitary ' of N.S.W. re« -. quires immediate attention. He re grets to hear Major General Hutton r is leaving, as he says that it will be a - fs long time before he will be equalled, - \ |- if ever. '1 ? ; ? - :-!l 