|j. Br Vaeious Cohteijhjtobs. THE DROWNING LADY. The lltb of last December I spent picnicking at a place called Slade Point, and I came home bo tired that I was in bed before 9 o'olook. j About midnight I awoke, ' and lay for a long time wondering why sleep should forsake me after such a day's ' toil.' The door, as usual in North Queensland, was wide open, and I could dimly discern the far wall and the curtain at the foot of my bed. Soon I became conscious of a figure standing before me — a figure of a lady or an angel (per haps both), with the most beautiful face imaginable, a mass of luxuriant golden hair, aud light blue eyes overflowing with tears. She was robed in a kind of furry blue wrapper just low enough at the nock to reveal the risings bosom. Instead of being alarmed, aa you might think likely, I gazed rapturously at such transcendent beauty ; until after a short time I noticed a sea of mist or water rising round her. Higher, higher, and higher it rose, aud as it seemed to cover the mouth and nose, tho sad blue eyes gave me Buch an agonised look of pitiful appeal, that I leapt forward as if to save her, and found myself kneeling upright in bed with a river of per spiration running down my forehead, and my heart beating like a battery. For a few moments I asked myself whether I was dying or going mad ; but before long my fears vanished, and although my heart was still giving audible notice of its action, I almost longed for my beautiful visitor to return. Sleep was out of the question unless a fitful doze towards morning; and at the breakfast table, when, after a strong glass of whisky and soda, I narrated my story, they only joked about it. That day, Monday, was a public holiday here, and about 4 o'clock two young ladies, aged 19 and 14, wero accidentally drowned at Foulden Crossing — three miles above the town of Mackay. I knew neither of them,- and there fore soon forgot, to a certain extent, about the sad occurrence. On the following Satur day, whilst passing a photographer's studio in the main street, I- caught a glimpse of a face in the window, which immediately nailed me to the spot, and held me as if spellbound. There, looking straight into mv eyes, was the likeness of a young lady in whose face I dis tinctly and unmistakably recognised almost every feature of my nocturnal visitor. After gazing at her as I did in my dream (r) for a long time, I interviewed the shopman aud asked, ' Please who's that young lady in the middle of the top row?' ' Ah,' he said, when he | found it, ' that's poor Bella W— — , one of the girls drowned on the holiday.' ' Thank you,' I replied, in a voioe whioh trembled in spite of myself, and, needless to suy, I went home in deep thought. Now, considering that I had never Been or heard of that unfortunate girl, don't you tniuic tnar my experience partakes or tho j nature of tho miraculous? Can you or any of your readers offer an explanation of suoh a mystery ? I might add that since the occurrence above narrated I have visitod the grave of Miss W ? , and I'm not ashamed to confess that on that occasion I oried the bitterest tears of my life. — M.E.M. (Mackay, Queensland). 