The Story of a Woman's Courage. Kate Mitohell was one of those unfortunate women whose surplus physical energies distinguish them from others of their sex. As a child she was known as a " tomboy,"aud prim mothers held her up as an awful warning to their little daughters, while in her own home tbe question bow to subdue her buoyant spirits was wrestled over with true maternal solioitude. When she grew up society frowned upon her as & " hoyden," and her way was beset with thorns. At eighteen she could row, and swim, and ride, and play lawn tennis like a boy. She was a great walker, and upon one occasion had walked to Mount Diablo and back in two days with her brother and a ooapie of friends—a feat whioh alone would have sufficed to place her under a ban in San Franciaoo's best society. That she sang like a bird, danced like a sylph, and was, altogacher, a very amiable, pure-minded girl, was a small offset for the sum of her iniquities ; and although she was exceedingly popular among a set of young and irresponsible boys, conservative circles frowned upon her, and it was generally understood that6he was a young person of most radical and dangerous tendencies. It was, therefore, a matter of polite regret when the announcement of her coming nuptials with one of this conservative circle was received. Tom Jlid.lleton was a promising young lawyer, ot excellent fsosily and irreproaohable manners. It had been generally understood that Town's ideal was of a different type, and more after the pattern of the elegant society women with whom he had been accustomed to assosiate. His intimate friend and boon companion, Jack Spsnoer, who had always disapproved of Site, undertook to pose a* the mouthpiece of society, and echoed its sentiments in Tom's unwilling ear. Tom stood staunchly by hia colours, but his friend's words sank deep into his soul, nevertheless. He secretly resolved that, for his sake and her own, K.ate must be " toned down." tie suoceded even beyond bis hopes. Nine years after her marriage few would have recognised in the quiet, repressed woman the gay and spirited girl of former days. Kate was foud of her husband, and the alchemy of love had wrought the change; but it is a dangerous thing to meddle with spiritual chemistry as well as the forces of the material world, and if Tom had known what pent-up loadings and rebellious inclinations raged beneath his wife's quiet exterior he might bave repented his suocess. But he went on callously and blindly, aB men will when dealing with delicate foroee whioh they oannot understand, and Kate kept her grievances to herself. Two children came—the elder a girl, a fiery, untamed little creature, who made the mother's heart ache, as she saw in the child a reflex of herself; the other a boy, sturdy, deliberate, like bis father. When the children grew larger, and needed room for exercise and outdoor air, which their city home wonld not afford, tbey took up their residence in a little oountry home, not so far away but that Tom could travel back and forth daily and attend to his business, and it is here that our story finds them. One grey December day Kate stood at her window, gazing out upon the landsoape. It had been a dull, tiresome week. Several days before Tom had started ofl on a long-promised vaoation, which was to be dedioated to a hunt in the mountains, in company with a party of friends. She was thinking, with envy, of this hunting party, and wondering, half-bitterly, why amusements that were oonceded to be proper and healthful for men should not be healthful and proper for women: How she would have enjoyed the long tramps over the hills, the excitement of the hunt, the joy of holding a good gun on hershoulder, and knowing that she oould sight and shoot with the best of them ! She felt a wicked solace as she thought of the showers that had fallen in the valley and the olouds that had hung constantly over the mountains. She was lonely, dull, and cross, and ohafed against her hedged-in life, with its narrow boundaries, its senseless restraints. There was s rush of feet through the bouse. The door of the room opened and the children burst in. " Mamma, the oreek is ap. Take ns down to eee it'." The childish longing for novelty and excitement found an instant echo in her heart. They had run in from outdoor play, and were bonneted and cloaked, with rubber overshoes to protect their feet from the damp earth. As for her, it was refreshing to evade Bridget's vigilant eye, and to steal out of the front door m her loose house- dress, bare-headed, and with SHENTON. slippers on her feet. They followed garden path for a little distance, and then anamw lane leaiing to a place where were accustomed to ford in the summer time, but over which now swept a seething tempestuous flood. As they looked and listened, Kate that this was no ordinary freshet, but product of a heavy rainfall over the whole va«t watershed, whioh had accumulated its forceb in thousands of tiny rivulets, and, joining issue with tbe mountain stream, plunged its narrow channel a mighty and irresistible power. Even as they looked she saw a wall of suddenly rear up above and come towards them like a miniature tidal wave. The dam built by the new Water Company given way! Tbey ran baok from the shore to higher and not a moment too soon. The rose several feet in a second. It cut the solid banks on either side, aud bushes and young trace, rooted up and suoked in by the greedy current, went spinning by. A giant eyoamore wavered, flung out its bare skeleton limbs as if in ghostly protest, and fell far out into the stream, interlocking its branches with a sturdy evergreen oak which stood on the opposite bank, while its trunk, anchored by long, tnake like roots tossed helplessly in midstream. " Mamma! SBO the big boards coming cried out her little daughter. Kate Iooxed far upstream, and saw a great sailing leisurely along. Now it caught a projecsiug snag and swung half about, it struck on a submerged island and idly itself and sauntert-d on. Behind it wa» another, and yet another—the stream was black with them. " Ob, my God ! Tbe railway bridge !" The railroad bridge! and the afternoon train nearly due, soon to rush down a steep to a leap into that yawning chaam. Her impulse was to start up the canon, but instantly checked herself. What folly, when miles of overflow lay between her and doomed train ! Word must be sent down tbe station, and from there a telegram to next stopoincr-place above the bridge. Bnt how? The hired man, Jim, had gone an hour to the village to get the mail and have his daily gossip with the loungers of the place. Even if he were here, neither hors6 nor man was fleet enough to cover the cirouitoue road lay between. Then she looked at the postrate sycamore. Dawn the stream, leisurely, nearer and nearer still, sailed the great "Marian, take little brother and go straight to the house, and stay there tiil mamma comes back." She bad already pulled herself up by one of the roots and was creeping stealthily along the swaying trunk. Here her dress oaugbt on a branch; there she had toolimb down and crawl along with her feet under the water to avoid an upright limb. Once she slipped and loBt her bold, and was nearly aucked into theeddying current, bnt she caught at a stout projection and swung herself up again. She oould hear the swash of the heavy timbers upstream as they rooked lazily upon the water, but she did not dare to look. Before her the main trunk of the tree wa9 lost, and she saw two diverging limbs, one low in the water, theother locked with the oak in mid-air. Which Co take? She dared not hesitate, but began a perilous climb along the upper limb, slippery and naked in placeB, wavering so that she grew giddy and shut her eyes to keep from falling. And so, lying prone upon it, hand over hand, she crept the entire length, and the great stick of timber Btruck heavily against the fallen eyoamore, and just as Kate swung herself into the branohes of the oak she felt her support give way, and with a groan, and crash, and wild up-tossings of i3s skeleton arms, the old tree tore loose from its moorings, and was swept down the stream towards the bay. Her hands torn and bleeding, Kate Middleton reached solid ground at length, and first her maternal instinct asserted itself, and she looked baok and saw her children standing still and looking after her. She pointed home with a gesture that they dared not disobey, and saw them turn up the lane, then sped along her way. She was not light of foot as in her girlhood; whereas she was once fleet as adeer, and swift motion was a very joy to her, she now realized that she was growing to be a stout and middleaged woman. She moved heavily and clumsily, and laboured for breath, and her feet were like clode beneath her. There was a mile of rough and rooky ground to be covered before Bhe reached the station, and the train— oh, but to possess once more the agility of her girlhood! Which would be first * Would the train flying across the upper levels of tbe Coast Rangp, reach the next station before the brave woman bad sent her message of warning? How many timeB she asked herself the question, ahe could not have told. She scarcely dared hope that she might be in time. Her hoarr. ready to burst with grief for the terr:!n>. misery threatening so many happy home*. Alt'.a 1 for the orphaned children who mi^hs cry aloud to Heaven that night! Alas ! for fathers and mothers whom the morrow might behold bowed down with sorrow 1 Alas < for husbands and wivee '. She was crossing the bed of one of the many abandoned channolsof the impetuous mountain scream, & rock pathway, strewn with theepoils of bygone freshets, where, even then, a shallow stream was rippling past, token of the torrent's surplus force. She faltered, smitten by a new and awful thought. What if Tom—Tom who was not to come for two days more ; Tom who had started out in an altogether different direction—should have out short his excursion. or, with his party driven home by the continued rains, had somehow wandered to the upper stations and boarded the train there. Would she never reach the little red stationhouse, now plainly in sight at the end of the smooth gravelled road ? She was passing the post-offioe, where people idly gazed at her. What mattsr 1 If oniy there were a horse and buggy in sight, to help her on her way! If only one of the loungers would understand and take up the mission whioh her spent strength seem inadequate to fulfil! But she might not turn aside. On the depot p atform more loungers, Jim among them, rolling a quid of tobacco in his cheek and talking earnestly about ohe state of the weather and the prospects of the growing orops. They all looked npon her as a mad woman as she ran past cbem. Jim muttered an expletive under his breath, moved by the strong indignation that must always possess a selfreapsoting servant when master or mistress does something derogatory to the dignity of his "family." The stationmaster was in his office, talking with a gentleman who had come down from the mountains and was waiting to take the train to the city. H« was olad in a huntingsuit, and was talking with eorne excitement. "It bas rained all the wm k," he was saying ; " you think it rains here in the valley, bus,great guns! you should be upin the mountains in a rain-sturm. Sheets aud sheets of is—blizzards of sleet and hail, and the wind blowing like a hurricane. Wn broke camp yesterday. I took a bee line down here. The rest crossed tbe bills to the station above. They'll be down on the 4 o'olock.' 1 Voice and speaker were familiar to the woman who stood in the doorway, both hands pressed to her panting breast. The words oame only too distinctly to her quickened senses. Then her premonitions were true, and Tom—Tom was on that fatod train. Again her body reeled, but her steady brain saved her. " Stop the train ! The bridge is gone !" she cried. Both men looked up, startled at the worde. With the proinptmovementof a man rained to obey orders, the agent leaped to his instrument ; the other man, slower to comprehend, oame forward, the look of amazement on his faoe as he viewed the singular apparition in the doorway giving place to amused indulgence, as he recognised the speaker. What an eccentric, impetuous girl Kate Mitchell always was, and what a life she must lead Tom Middleton! "This iB quite an unexpected pleasure, Mrs. Middleton," he said smiling. She waved bim baok with a single imperious gesture. There was a brief silence. The operator listened intently, with his head resting on his hand. Kate Middleton remained standing in the doorway, her hands clasped low, her face blanched with dread, and all her soul absorbed in listening. Jaok Spencer slowly comprehending the meaning of the scene, Waited, his interest growing with every moment's delay. At last it came, the monotonous click, elick, conveying its portentous message in a language unknown to two of tbe three listeners. The operator rose from his chair. "Just in time. The train was pulling out of the station, but tbey etoppbd her." Kate Middleton qlutched at the doorway. For the first time in her life her bead gave way. She was again on the swaying sycamore, and the limb was oraoking, breaking, going dowu. She felt the water on her faoe and opened her eyes to find Jaok Spencer supportisg her head, and the station agent pouring ioe-cold water over her." "She'll be all right in a minute," said Jack, cheerfully. "Now, Mrs. Middleton, with your permission, I'll see you home." She borrowed a bat and oloak from the station agent's wife. Jim brought up the horses. Jack Spenoer handed her into the wagon with grave courtesy, and they drove oS. Some of tbe loungers, dimly understanding what she had done, looked on ouriously. That was all. No fuss, no formal tributes, no speechmaking even from the two who understood. There was no deputation of etrong men to tender her publio tribute in voioes shaken by sobs. Contrary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or heroine who ever saved a train from wreck, ahe was on the wrong side of the bridge, and the people most deeply concerned were nine miles away. Neither honour nor praise swaited Kate in her own home. Bridget scolded her and put her to.bed, and deolared that she " wnd sorely oatch her death a-cold, and she deserved it well," and tried to save her from the consequences of her misdeeds at the same time. Of tbe children, Harry stubbornly resented her base desertion of them on the bank of the rogmir stream, and Marian, with ber mother's spirit of adventure strong upon her, terrified the household by avowing her intention of going across the water on a tree the first tine she could escape parental authority. The mother had her reward, nevertheless. Late that night, when the children were asleep and Bridget had relaxed guard, Kate escaped from bed, and donning a wrapper and Bhawl laid herself down upon the lounge before the open fire, to enjoy scanning the daily paper. The rain fell steadily without, so steadily that the sounds of a horse's hoofs ooming up the sodden driveway was scarcely distinguishable from tbe patter of the rain drops. Kate started np as she heard a step outside the door. Another moment and Tom was before her, looking very 'eolemn, like a newly materialized ghost. "Tom?" she cried sharply, and then she seemed to oower before him; yet not before him, • but the horror of the afternoon, whioh again descended npon her and took possession of her. Tom, her husband, might have been one of that grisly throng of mangled, crushed, dead, and dying phantoms of the might-havebeen ever torturing her mental vision. She pressed her hands over her eyes, as if thej might bar out the sight. " Oh, you ought not; you never should do snch a thing," she said. After all, she had nerves, and they had been sorely tried that day. " What do you mean?" gravely demanded Tom. This was indeed a sorry greeting after all he had been through. " Yon shouldn't have come home in this unexpected way; you should let people know when yon are coming." " Kate," said Tom solemnly, seating himself on the eofaand drawing her down beside bim, " you will speak differently when yoa know how near I came to not coming home at all; I have travelled twelve mileB on horsebaok over a rough mountain road to get tiere to-night. We were just starting out of Presoita when we were notified that tha bridge three mils: below there—six miles above here, Kate—had been carried away." " How did you find out?" Kate was herself again. There was a little twinkle in her eyes, but her lip trembled. "As to that," replied Tom, "reports are somewhat vague. But all acoounts agree it was a woman. ' And she did wonderful things. The bridge- tender's wife, I believe. Floated down stream on a timber, somebody said. Started, all dripping, for the station, and got there in an unconsoionably short time. Not a minute to spare. If it hadn't been for her—oh, it was a wonderful feat, everybody says." "Bat how—very—unladylike!" said Kate, in a shocked voioe, stooping to pick up somethine from the floor. "Unladylike!" cried Tom, excitedly. "I toll you, Kate, that was something worthwhile. Vory different from your lawn-tennis practice. When a woman puts her strength to such a use—and snob a strain as it must have been, by Jove! Why, Kate, I doubt if yon oonld so muoh as walk to town and baok. But when a woman saves two or three hundred lives at one Btroke My goodneBB, Kate ! What have you been doing to your foot?" For Mrs. Middleton had unoonteionsly pushed the wounded foot into sight, and its load of bandages, piled up by Bridget's olumsy fingers, and finished with a red flannel swathing, was indeed oaloulated to strike terror to the beholder. "I—I t>ok a little walk to-day,"replied Kate, guiltily, trying to hide her foot again 1 beneath the hem of her dress. 4 But don't let us talk about that, Tom. I'm sorry I seemed queer and cold when you came in. I wasn't feeling well, and yon—you looked so. It made me shiver." Like many people who are dauntless in the presence of real danger, Kate had all her life been shy ot praise. If she could have kept the knowledge of her escapade, as she mentally termed it, from her husband, she would gladly havedone it. Bet, stupid as he was in some ways, obtuse as he was, he was not to be put off in this way. He was already on his knees beside her, cutting threads, removing pins, and undoing olotbs, in spite of her protects, until he disclosed a little foot, purple wtth bruUes, and with an ugly, gaping out in one side. " No wonder you are not yourself to- night. A little walk? I should say so. Kate, what bave you been up to now V "I had on my slippers," confessed the culprit, " and — ther- wasn't time to chancre them. Let it alone, Tom. I'll be all right tomorrow." "A 'little walk?'" persisted Tom. "Great Caesar, Kate, you are not to be trusted alone any more than a two-year-old babe. I'll never dare to go off and leave you again." " If I hadn't taken my little walk, you— you—you mightn't have had the ohanoe?" cried poor Kate, oornered at last. " My soul?" oried Tom, a light dawning upon him at last. "It was you!" I think he kissed the little lame, bruised foot. I am afraid he did a great many foolish things and humbled himself most lamentably to show his love for his brave young wife, his pride in her, and his contrition. There was a purse made up by the passengers on the overland train that fateful day to reward the plucky woman who had saved them from suoh a frightful disaster, but they were never able to find her out. The stationmaster and Jack Spenoer kept their secret well. The only subscription that ever reached its destination was Tom Middleton 'a. His wife sometimes wears a very ugly bracelet set with a couple of very large and ponderous gold coins. When people question her about it she replies that it is a medal Tom onoe awarded her for a race she won. It is genera'ly understood that she refers to some rowing match or horsebaok ride, for there are boats on the pond now, saddle horses in Tom's stables, and a tennis court on the lawn. But even as she answers Kate sees agaiu the railroad train, with its preciouB living freight, thundering on to destruoti n, and a woman, bare-headed, wild-eyed, with drazgled dress and bleeding feet, racing desperately across a rough oountry, in a mad effort to avert tbe impending danger.—The Argonaut. 