THE DARLING TRIBE OF ABORIGINES. MR. Simpson Newland, one of the men most deeply versed in aboriginal lore, has written for the Geographical Society (Adelaide) a paper on "Some Aboriginals I Have Known." He speaks thus of the Darling River tribes and their greatest chief :—"We now come to the Darling aborigines, in many respects a more interesting people. Of the Parkingee tribe Barpoo, the recognised chief when the whites stocked the Upper Darling with sheep and cattle, was perhaps the most remarkable. In person tall, spare, stately, in manner quiet, reserved and dignified so far as any white man could judge, for he never unbent to them. Indeed, from first to last he refused to hold any inter- course with the hated Boree much less work for him, wear his clothes, or even eat his food. He was rarely seen by me, not more than half a dozen times during the 10 years that he lived after my arrival in the district, and never at the head station. On the few occasions we met the proud savage took not the slightest notice of the stranger other than by the aboriginal's silent sign of aversion, spitting on the ground as he passed him. More he dared not do—scarcely that much as time went on, and the whip might find even his sacred shoulders. Less than that action of contempt, probably never noticed hy the casual observer, he would not bring himself to show. Having once recognised that further resistance was utterly hopeless, he acquiesced in the submission of his tribe, and though never submitting himself, he openly took no aggressive steps against the conquerors, but no doubt many a poor nameless tramp met his fate at the hands of the untamable black chief in revenge for the wrongs of his people. About such matters all the members of his tribe for long kept an impene- trable silence, even the loquacious Watulganya (of whom we shall see something presently) ; but as years passed on I heard from that gradually more confiding youth of several suspected murders, though particulars are withheld. One instance may be worth narrating. A drover brought his mob of cattle from a long dry stage into the Darling to water. Parched himself, he ran down the bank and bent over a log to drink. As his lips almost touched the stream a dead face, just beneath the surface, met his gaze. He was very dry, but he sought another spot to slake his thirst. Who the dead was I never knew, or any one else. My drover friend and informant peremptorily refused to show me the body or describe the place, alleging that there might be an inquiry delaying him on his journey. Long afterwards I had reason to believe that Barpoo's waddy was not innocent in the matter. The squatters denounced the Pdrkingee leader as an old scoundrel, and, judged by our code of ethics, he probably was. With this conclusion I once coincided, but with grey hairs has come a modified judgment. It is not to be expected that Australia's pioneers, when their dangers and difficulties were around them, could form unprejudiced opinions of their aboriginal foes. When Barpoo was hungry he doubtless killed a sheep or robbed a hut of rations. As already intimated, I have little doubt he knocked lonely travellers on the head as oppor- tunity offered. But have not many of the heroic patriots of history done all these things against the enemies and despoilers of their country. Cool reflection shows something of what the fierce untamable spirit must have felt when he saw the detested interloper take possession of all his country after slaughtering many of his people in their vain attempts at resistance, and bend the survivors to his service, making shepherds and stockmen of the free hunters, then later to see them wither and die. There was clearly nothing left for bim but to die too, and die cursing the Boree. Barpoo's influence with the tribe was paramount. A noted medicine man and chief, they implicitly believed in his power to put all straight in a future world, while he consoled him- self with making death dealing bones aud much cursing of his white foes. Do we not read in the best of all books that when all else failed the same expedient was resorted to on at least one occasion ? One night by the camp fire, out alone with Watulgunya, I obtained an insight into the feelings of the in- scrutable black chief. I asked my sable companion what Barpoo taught them respecting their future state. The circumstances were most favorable for a confidential communication— Watulgunya was in a mortal funk. We were camped on haunted ground, in the very midst of the rocks and caves where the ghosts of the dead Mullas held high carnival, and he clung to me as a very protecting angel. Apostle Barpoo's gospel proved pre- cisely what might be expected—all the wrongs and sorrows of this world set right in the next ; sunny skies to bask under, flowing streams and luxuriant plains abounding in fish and game to disport in and hunt over, with the trifling addition of an unlimited number of perpetually young and beautiful houris thrown in. "Yes, Barpoo had seen all this ; so it must be true." " What of the poor whitefellow !" I asked. But, though Watulgunya believed every word he had been told, yet he did not think it wise just then to risk being sent to so much happiness by telling the Boree his ultimate fate. Subsequently I gathered that flame and fury at the will of the saved aborigine would be the white man's portion. It waa recently stated in error in the MINER that the public schools would reopen on Monday, January 14. Âs an extra week's holiday has been granted, the date of reopening will be January 21. We have received the following amounts on behalf of Mrs. Saramell : — Collected by Mrs. Brix, from various sympathisers, 11s.; Mrs. Warsaw, 5s. Matchboard, 6 x ½, 8s. 100ft. Prest and Hocking. Mr. Barnett, P.M., left by last night's express on a holiday tour. Mr. A. S. Knight, of the MINER, was also a passenger for Sydney by the same train. Herb Beer, Phoenix brand makes, a nice, home-brewed' non-intoxicating ale. On Wednesday night next, in the Town Hall, the Wesley Church Choir will repeat the excellent programme of vocal music which it rendered in the same building on Christmas Eve. The weather was unfavorable on the first occasion, and militated against the attendance. It is to be hoped that no such drawback will be met with on Wednesday. In addition to the selections previously given, there will be rendered the Gloria from Mozart's 12th Mass, and "The Heavens are Telling" from Haydn's " Creation." Mr. Hebbard will be the conductor. To sharpen the appetite take genuine quinine wine. Armstrong's Medical Hall. It is ridiculous for smokers to assert that Virginian leaf tobacco cannot be procured in the colony, as one firm makes largely from this supply. We refer to Cameron Bros., who manufacture a brand called Mazeppa of unquestionable superiority and purity, possessing a pleasing aromatic flavor, and imparting the proper relish that should be enjoyed from a good smoke. We can safely reccommand this brand, knowing that gratification will be the result of a trial and satisfaction will follow when you smoke it only. Cameron's Mazeppa Tobacco has become suoh a favorite that sales are increasing by leaps and bounds, which is proof positive that the article sold is genuine and popular. See that you gat Cameron's Mazeppa Tobacco.† We have received £1 8s. 6d., col- lected by Mr. James Fox, of Ferguson's department at the Proprietary work- shops, on behalf of Mrs. Brancher. 