OLD ENGMSH ESSAYS. Many 'terrible crimes have "been ^ com mitted by persons who were 60 wefcfe minded that they Imned, it would seem, merely en purgoseto be talked of. "The brains of fools *re worth, a deep study 4 right mid wrong, good -and evil, fame, are mixed therein in on inextricahlecon fosion. There is nothing so ericked^ nothing so silly, nothing; so ; -n^erjy unworthy that men will notdo it,simply for the empty, useless, disgraceful notoriety-that their crirne or folly will give tbein. From the man, .in Horace, who says that it is sweet for 4he. crowd to point him oat with the forefinger and say ".that's lie," to Tennyson's Northern farmer, we , have hundreds of illustrations of this love of fame. Alas ! fame does not always accompany duty, whereas notoriety unfortunately does-too j often, and too surely attend upon crime. In literature, fame and , name are too i frequently achieved by men who do not] deserve it. Among the writers of nil ] ages, some, says Milton, ^ deserve fame and have it; others neither have it nor deserve it; some have it,, not deserving 5. others, though deserving, yet totally miss it or have it not equal to their deserts." Some men have a peculiar lot.in history: (hey are the bugbears and vidians of one age and get white washed and made the heroes of the next. Pope, when he is descanting upon those fwbo are ravished by. .the whistling of a name, takes . Cromwell as an instance of one "who is damned to everlasting fame," that is, onewhose name will live to be execrated throughout all ages. It is probable, however,- that so far from having earned that fate the Protector will now, when history is better written, achieve a purer and more enduring reputation than most :of-the heroes of history. Few men are quite content to be unknown | and yet if tliey Were wise they would be so. What can it matter to us how the world looks upon us? We shall hot hear it in the grave, let peoplesaytbat we are angels or paint us as demons : what can it matter? Our ghosts surely will not be vexed as to the opinions of men,-often formed without thought and ^almost -always on insufficient bases of belief. Let a student of histoiy study Lord Macaulay's brilliant , writings and see with what ease, precision, clearness, un wavering judgment, and unerring pen he dashes off a character. Ik it, after all, a true one ? Is there not much truth constantly sacrificed, to effect? What do we not pay for the necessity of a writer being picturesque and amusing ? In the reviews--of the day it is well known that a calm, well-considered, and well-balanced article passes for nothing, and; loses point, pictnresqneness, and interest, because it ;is fair and calm. Hence a writer who is 'spiteful and clever generally treats those udder'review as a surgeon does a dead body. Be cuts out the heart or the brain to anatomize, to dissect, to lecture upon. He does not want a healthy subject; be is great only upon: disease. So the reviewer takes the worst part to show that he is superior to the writer, more brilliant. His review is amusing ; the more spite ful and the more bitter, the wider the circle of readers it pleases,^ and the end of the : " smart" writer. is - answered. Immediately a man gets talked about the most absurd stories are told of him. Gossips and scandal-mongers fasten down upon a new reputation, A great general, if he- wins a battle,- is said to have won it merely hvchahra, or by his soldiers, or by the bravery bf his' lieu tenants. A -statesman never carries a nation onward iri its path .of prosperity without its being -said that he himself was a sluggard and1 that lie owed all his suggestions to . someone behind the scenes. Men will even feign an intimacy with a great man merely to slander him. If he drinks wine lie is a drunkard ; if only water, his .excesses have been so great that he is obliged to take to teetotalism. He -is nothing if not eccentric. Lord Byron, who " woke one morning to find-himself famous," paid the penalty of notoriety. What crimes have not been laid to his charge ? It ;is quite right that a man should pay a penalty for file pleasure of being known, if he takes pleasure in' so empty a thing." It is one portion of Divine economy that every thingis pretty well paid for by the individual. Our-very palate, pleasurable as it is, gives us bitters as Well as sweets. Each appetite, each sense (hearing or seeing are surely the most innocent), brings pain ns well as pleasure. Our vanity sustains ~ us and yet it wounds us. Fame with most of us is a shadow. When we have it we know it not; and we hear more evil than good -of] ourselves. Notoriety is often a curse, [ not a blessing. 