A BOY'S PRANK AND ITS RESULTS. a -o Francis was the boy's name, and Ada was g hs.-sister Francis was a bright mischievous boy. h He was the head of his class in school, hut thrdonnh his tricks he was always getting d into trouble. Ada, his sister, was quite different, being h rather delicate-a very quiet, gentle young girl. No brother and sister were ever more un like, her almost black hair, dark eyes-and sallow complexion forming a striking.con trast to his fair hair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look which never left his face. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and heing fond of reading ghost stories (the more r frightening the better), he was able to pick a out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end, This night the wind was howling around the house, and Francis was telling his s.ster a a most terrifying ghost story. When he had come to the end of it Ada was lookiunfrightened indeed. a 'Now, you silly thing, I 'exuect you will be seeing a ghost,' her brother said. But Ada remembered .he ghost all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. i The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in oraer to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries and by the time she was half way home, she a had to stop at a neighbor's house for shelter from the storm. I Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was nearly dark when the storm was t over. The water lay in large pools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a I thick dense scrub. This was notall. I A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been I found drowned in it. Since then after dark a tramp was said to roam about there. As she walked along the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between I the branches. The ghost story kept running through her head. She quite expected to see the ghost. Trembline with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhole. ' Oh ! If she only 'knew some other track than that past the waterhole' She dare not leave the narrow track wind ing in and out among the bushes. She knew I no other way. Hark, what was that noise l Was not that something ? It moved. It was not a stump, was it ? She stood still. No, it was only a shadow. But-something further on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a bush... It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost ! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans- 1 fixed ;then with a terrified cry she dashed I madly away. ' But was not the ghost rather small? It laughed. To her the laugh was terrible, but in reality it was one she should have known very well. Splash ! she was in the waterhole,. She had run right into it in her fright. The ghost's hand fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. A few bubbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and flung off the shroud. Now it was the ghost no longer-only I Francis, Ada's brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a large one, and he could not find her. He was frightened. What could he do i If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He had only meantto frighten her. Had he killed her i It was regret as much as fear that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave one look round. If she were not saved and it became known he had played ghost, he would get into trouble, hung, perhaps, he thought. He thought he need not say anything about it. He snatched up the sheet, which was now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a" shower of rain with a pelter. Rolling it up under his arm he rarn quickly home. He had never ran so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum trees, and every where the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He h:id already made up the story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. ' Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn't get her oUL' His father and a man off: the farm ran off at once, but the waterhole was deep and dark night hadcome, for the bright moon was again clouded. Years ago --:for~ithe waterhole was veiy old-a large tree had. vrashed right ihto'it and some of its large limbs remained there' still. . .. . . . . . At last they got her dead body and carried it home. " Francis, whcn bed timeo came, was sent to bed... ." . .. - ."'" ., - : He had wrung the sheet as dry as possible and put it in his bed. NTot a'very comfortable bed, nor a very good rest. A damp sheet and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted him all night long. In the morning he. was told that Ada was. dead. The thought of how bad a brother he had been kept running through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have,quarrelled and made it up, and he 'would have thought no more about it. That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman's sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried and Francis cried very bitterly. He wanted to tell about it, and yet he was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a feverish appearance. In the afternoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. 'Clearly a case of brain fever,' he said. ' He must be watched very .closely, as there is no saying what he may do.' Francis kept on calling to ,Ada during the night. He believed she was there hlieaping him with reproaches. The next morning the doctor called again, and he gave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after he sank into a quiet sleep, and his mother, who bad been watching all night, took a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he thought in his delirium, was there but Ada. 'Go away, Ada; go away. I did not know you would fall in. 1 only meant to frighten you.' His mother, who woke at the first sound, now started up, wondering. All of a sudden the truth flashed upon her mind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She hurried into his room, but he was not there. She looked out of the window. He was running into.the scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his bead. She ran out and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way from her. Both gave chase, They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water hole. As he now stood still they slackened their pace. Up out of the water hole, it seemed to Francis, there rose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him and bent over the water hole as if look ing for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back long dark hair from its face. : It was Ada ! Francis stood still-looking fixedly at the imaginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head :first, and immediately sank, being unable to? struggle on account of the sheet. iB s mother and father. rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save him. He could not find him at once, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last find him and threw him on the bank. he too was dead. 