BUSSELTON. BISHOP EILEY'S VISIT. (From our Currespondent.) June 24. The Lord Bishop of Perth arrived at Vasse from Buubury by train OH Wednesday morning last Bishop liiley was met on the plat form by the Rector of the parish, the Kev. W. Ereringham, Dr. Hunger ford, ana ssver&l; of the prominent townsmen and settlers, and was dur ing his stay in the VasBft the guest of Dr. Hungerford, the Resident Magis trate. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday His Lordship held a Confirmation when 31 candidates pre sented themselves for the rite, of whom 19 were mules and 12 females. The Church of St. Mary was crowded on the occasion. His Lordship addressed the candidates before the Confirmation Service in a very able address, and after the ceremony he again addressed the candidates taking for his text Acts VII v. 17, "Then laid be Lis hands on them and they received the Holy Ghost." The choir sang several appropriate hytnns dur ing the service. Ia the evening the Bishop preached and again the Church was filled. The collection was in aid of the Diocesan Church Extension Fund, and His Lordehip addressed the congregation from St. Luke XXV v. 16, "SOD, Remember." The sermon, as the collection was to be devoted to the Church extension, was intended not only as an address to those newly confirmed but also to point out to all members of the Church the duty of assisting in carrying the ministrations of the Church to newly-formed centres and to the widely spread rural popu lation. A most eloquent; address was given on this Bubject and although the weather was most boisterous I noticed many had come long distances to attend the service. On Thursday morning the Bishop and Rector drove round on a visit of inspection visiting the various Glebe Lands, and in the afternoon a Social was held in the Weld Institute at which a very large number, not only of churchmen but of townspeople and settlers generally, assembled to accord His Lordship a hearty welcome on his first visit to the town. The ladies had provided an abun dant supply of good things, and the members of The Girls' Friendly Society were busily employed in carry ing tea and delicacies, and during the afternoon music was given both vocal ami i.i>Uu mental. The Rey, W. Everingbam, on behalf of the Church, welcomed His Lordship the Bishop in a felicitous speech. Dr. Hungerford, Mr. G-. Layman and other gentlemen also spoke words of hearty welcome, and on behalf of the town and Council the Mayor (ilr. A. Moore) welcomed His Lordship. The Bishop in a very humorous speech thanked those present for the kind welcome taey had given him and said lie had heard much of the Vasse and he had seen 6ince he had been here seme things to confirm him in his preconceived good opinion of the place and people. He had been very pleased to see in spite of the inclemency of the weather two very large and atten tive congregations in one day. He had met nothing but kindness and could well believe in the hospitality of the district of which he had heard. He found the Vasse people apparently living in the utmost unity. This waB as it should be. Life was not given to us to quarrel in. People might have , different views even in religious mat ters but instead of quarreling over these we should, while holding our own views, respect the honest convic tions of others and we stood always a better chance of winning others to our way of thinking by acting up to our ow:; principles than by finding fault with those who differ from us. Another thing which had pleased him much was the fact of the Rectory building beiog taken in hand and the interest all appeared to be taking in this work. He hoped tthen this was finished the next thing they would interest themselves in would be in a new church or church enlargement. He had noticed the present one was weli filled and he trusted the place would prosper and that when the Rectory was completed that they would find that their church was too small for them. The social, which was free, broke up about 5 p.m. all leaving with very pleasurable feelings of having met his Lordship who had by his kindly and broad views impressed everyone most favourably. On Tuesday evening the Bishop dined at the Rectory a number of the most prominent members of the Anglican community having been in vited to meet his Lordship. On Tuesday the Bishop, accom panied by the Rev. W. Ereringham, drove out to Mr. C. Layman's and visited the native and half-caste mis sion with which his Lordship was much pleased, and in the afternoon he visited the public schools at BuBselton. Ia the evening bis Lordship again ; preached in St. Mary's, the Address beiug particularly given to the newly confirmed, the members of the Girls J'riendly Society, communicants and church workers. His Lordship took for his text II Pet. I v. 13 " Yea I chink it meet as long as I am in this Tabernacle to stir you up by putting you in remembrance," a most eloquent discourse in plain and unmistakable language was given to a very large and attentive congregation who had again assembled although it was raining heavily. An entertainment in aid of the Rectory Building Fund is to be held in the Weld Institute on Wednesday, 10th July. This will consist of a farce " Poor Piilicoddy," in which several Perth and Bunbury visitors will take part. This will be followed by comic readings, vocal and instrumental music and as is usual with our Vasse enter tainments will wind up with a dftuce, 