TUPO, THE PmEHA. A MAORI ROMANCE. BY ATHA WESTBURY. CHAPTER VIII. (Continued.) , -The sun had fadedfrom the horizon ?and the darkening twilight was fast shrouding everything, it was therefore very difficult for any small object to be seen.' Sometimes swept downward in the hollow of the waves, with a moun tainous swell looming, before, and another rolling onward in rear, and leemine as if it would or.gulf him — the sturdy swimmer held on his way. In ? a very short time he had neared the object, and saw with delight that it was the unfortunate lady. She was making strenuous efforts to keep herself afloat. He called out lustily to her, and she heard him, and the pale, grand face lost its wild, terrified look. As Fan shawe attempted to get hold of her, she made a sudden dash at him ; had she succeeded they would both have .perished then and there, but the. officer ? observed the movement and made a sudden dive, rose behind her, and catching her by the hair held her up. ' Oh ! my uncle ! my dear uncle, ? shall I ever see you again ?' she ex claimed, amid the gurgling of the water in her throat. '? Have no fear ! Keep your presence of mind, if possible ; and remain quite passive in my hands, and I will con trive to keep you above water until ? help arrives.' She turned half round to look at him, and he saw her lips move, but he did not hear what she said. The young officer had spoken hope fully, but he had grave doubts about being picked up at once. He knew that every effort would be made by those on board to rescue them, but it Was almost dark, and a boat's crew , would have some trouble in discovering their whereabouts in such a heavy sea. His companion was becoming heavier every moment, and seemed almost in a stupor. With great presence of mind 'he managed to divest his lair burden of her ponderous cloak, which for a lime had greatly assisted to buny her up, but had now become an encum brance. She roused herself and thanked him, and enquired if he : thought they would be rescued. 'Oil, yes, he was sure of it.' ' I feel so cold and helpless,' she murmured presently, 'and cannot, hold out much longer; pray, try and ./ - save yourself, sir, and leave nie to my fate,' 'I cannot obey you, ladyi;Iam ? strong and vigorous, and can manage tOibear you. for some considerable time ? ?Allow me to place my left arnvaround 'you — so; now, courage. I ? think I discern a boat yonder.' ' God bless you, sir 1' - ' Amen.' ? . ,? ~ i . ' He grasped the light, shapely form -? -with one of h{s arms and 'Struck out ; boldly with the other. Not a speck or | a light was in sight to guide him, but i he did not despair ; he heard his lovely j burden breathing short prayers at in ? tervals, in which he himself mingled, then she became totally unconscious. '.- A body with motion in it may keep afloat for a considerable time, but a listless, motionless one is a great weight and a terrible burden in the water. The young officer was becom ing exhausted and weak, arid felt that ? his strengih would soon be spent, but that strong love of life which gives a man courage and energy: to. struggle \- /? while there is one faint glimmer , of ? . Ij.hope or a breath in his body, infused ' ;into him both hope and courage in this' dark hour. '? ? Let no man who may chance to be ?. exposed to danger or peril allow des .' pair to creep into his. ;. heart. It has cost- ?' thousands their lives, whereas ^resolute wil] .- might have saved 'then.. ? ;Do w6 not see the verification of this truth every day of our lives. : Throw a resolute man on the broad Atlantic, without an oar or plank, and i thou sand to one he will be rcscued. Nil dtsptramlum. . Something akin to this fired the ' heart oi the young officer for a last effort. All around him was one heav ing, |seething, gigantic cauldron. Above him the stars were beginning to unfold themselves. How the blood surged abouj his heart in ihis weary efforts to give his cold and insensible burden breathing room. A few minutes longer and his strength would be gone, and then they would both perish. Well, if his hour had come, so be it ; but he felt he must fight on to the death for the sake of the beautiful being at his side. 'Ahoy I'' A far away / shout came upon the ears of the exhausted swim mer, like the glad chime of a bell, i ' Ahoy, ahoy !' came through the i darkness the tones of a : lusty voice, lual swelled and sounded 'nearer and nearer every moment... /And now al iwinkling star of light: shoots athwart the waves. It is the.twal. God help thee, poor prodigal of old Jaek Win gate, Oh, for one last bseath to call aloud! but the breath is spent, and the brave youth and his fair burden go down beneath the tumbling billows. But the sea casts them ap again, sttli locked in each other's arms. The boat's crew discovei them- now, and amidst a ringing cheer the pair are grasped by strong arms and lifted safely into the boat. CHAPTER IX. ' Sans Tache.'J ? Claude Fanshawe'lay insensible for several hours after he was conveycd on board. The terrible ordeal he had undergone had completely exhausted his strength, and left him weak [and helpless as a child. By and bye, how ever, he began to recover, and before the harbor of Tuuranga hove in sight \- :he was thoroughly himself again. Maori Jack was lull of news about the catastrophe. ?'There never'. wor. a boy in the world so bould and so lucky as that same spalpeen of an ofticer,' he said. ' Shure, hpdn't he saved the you ng lady's life? an' wasn't sheas gintle an' as puny as an angel? an' forby the devil a man in New Zealand wid more money than thejould major. Musha, it's a lucky trip for ye, Mister Fan shawe,' and the guide winked and shook his huge head as if he knew all about it. Meanwhile the Sandfly ploughed her course towards the Bay of Plenty. Jutting out on the coast line, the tall cone of Tarari was clearly discernible with the naked eye. Like a sugar loaf in shape, it rises up above the cliffs of Touranga like a pyramid, and acts as a landmark to the mariners on the coast. On board all was bustle and hurry among the men, getting ready to disembark. Lieutenant Fanshawe seated on the poop, was enjoying the cool breeze, when Major Wilton ap proached and held out. his hand. 'Sir, I am glad to see you so far recovered,' said he, in a voice unsteady with emotion. ' Pray, be seated, There are moments when all formality should be set aside and dispensed with. My name is Wilton — Major loin Wilton, or -ilier Majesty s 13th Light Dragoons, and, sir, if I was to live to be as 'old as King Solomon, I can never forget the service you have rendered to one who I am proud to say is dearer to me than all things on earth.' A flush of pride overspread the face of Claude Fanshawe. 'Indeed, Major Wilton, you overrate the matter,' answered he in a calm tone, ' There is not one man in ten thousand but what would have done the same under similar circumstances.' ' Nay, sir, you are too modest,' re joined the old gentleman, warmly. ' Yet courage and modesty combined are not always found beneath the same coat. I am cboking with gratitude. Pray, do not .deny me the pleasure of thanking you on behalt of my niece for saving her life,' ' 1 Say no more about it, Major, pray. There is little credit due to me in this case. Had the boat not made its cppearance so opportunely I'm afraid her life would :have been sacri ficed for all the help I could have given.' ; v ? ' I do not believe it,' responded the Major,- with tears in his eyes, and striking .his cane a hard whack on the deck. ' But come, I'll not distress you further with a profusion of words; I feel the obligation deeper than words can convey to you.' 'How is the lady?' enquired Claude, seeking. to turn the conversa tion from himself. , ; ' Mrs. Fernleigh is quite well,' ^re plied the Major. :' I trust she-has ? not suffered from the-effects of herimmersion.' M -Not- at. all, l.am glad^to say.. My niece is full 'of gratitude,' and' desires to thank you personally ere you leave 1 the steamer.'.' - \- They sat and conversed freely about, the 'war, the. army, and a hundred other topics that military men love to chat about. And then : the Major, pulling from his finger, a brilliant sapphire, held it towards his com? panion, saying, ' Honor .me by wear: ling this ring as a token of our friend ship. -Boswas Bawoee: the Rajah of 1 Drubempore, presented me with this trinket when I was in India thirty years ago..' 1 ' Pardon me., Major, I could not i think of depriving you .of,, such a valu able relic.' 'Tut, sir, it is on account of its very value that Tbeg you 'to. accept it' answered the old officer, proudly . It is a trinket surrounded by worthy - as sociations ; princes and rulers of : the Empire have worn it. It was .be stowed on your humble servant for a gallant service rendered to the noble donor. Take it, and wear it as a memento of a brave act, which no military despatches can extol, and which promotion cannot compensate.' There was something grand and im posing in the upright deportment of the veteran, as he placed the ring on Claude's finger, and then led the way below to the saloan. : A lady .was seated on one of the couches reading as .they entered. Lucy, my dear, allow me to present. Lieutenant: Fawnshawe, who, I believe introduced ;? himself to your notice1 under less auspicious circumstances,' added the Mafor, with a smile. The lady rose to her feet and held out her hand.— ' Ah, sir, how shall I thank :you?' she uttered in a low tone. ; A blonde of the fairest type, with features that a sculptor might dream of some day representing 011 marble, and thereby winning fame. Eyes blue as a summer's sky, a nd with a sweet gentle expression in ? them which held; the. beholder in.a spell. Her rich hair — of a shining golden hue — was braided, about her shapely head' like a cornet. Yet in . the . curve of the delicate ? lip, on - the. ' exquisite polished1 brow,' in the large eyes, and over, the whole aspect of Lucy Fernleigh there was an expression of sadness, 1 vauge dejection, melancholy. She 1 appeared 'older to his ? gaze : now that lie was face to face with her, than she I had seemed previously', and a strange idea began to gather in his mind that he hud seen her face somewhere before. The more he looked at her the firmer became the. conviction in the brain of Claude Fanshawe that he had posi tively beheld: those lovely , features somewhere in the past. But wheie ? One encounters many faces in a life time — yea, many which seem the very counterpart of each other. The lady bsfore him had such a face as would live in an ordinary man's remembrance ? for some time ; in that of a poet or painter, for ever, j As they sat; and talked, : the.- young; I t.i.a tn r j^all inmp 'ni': the'oeoolfc to mind whom he had met while in the service but his fertile imagination could not place Lucy Fernleigh. Like some forgotten dream, of which the outline is but dimly remembered, so with the idea that she was remem bered. How, or why, he knew not, and that was all. Often, as our experience in life in ci eases, have we tried to trace out upon the countenances of those we have met an index to connect with the panorama of things and events moving in the mind's eye, some clue to the unlinked identity. Vain folly I Cud gel his brains as he would, Fanshawe's memory was at fault completely. They dined together in the prim little saloon. The Major, full of conversation and anecdote, took wine enough for three, and did all tho talk ing. His niece, reserved and silent, listened, but it was easy to see that her mind was far away from the cabin of the Sandfly. Promising to pay an early visit to the Major at Bountysville, the young officer bade them good-bye, and de parted to prepare his men for disem- ' barking. Even amid the bustle and prepara tion going forward around him, Claude could not fully rid his mind of that tormenting, haunting face. Where could he have seen it ? In Iudia ? Perhaps! 'Some officer's widow, no doubt. And yet she is very young, and exceedingly fair, No glaring sun of the Indies ever shone upon that supurb complexion. Mrs. Fernleigh, I think the Ma(or said. Yes, 5he is evidently married. Humph 1 per chance wedded to some great, rough squatter or sheep farmer — or — Tut, tut, Claude Fawnshawe. Attention ! Draw swords ! Right about face ! Quick march 1 Sic est vita. CHAPTER X. The Bivouac. The Forest Rangers were a local corps, and commanded by Major Von Tempsky, a Hungarian. During the crisis which threatened New Zealand with murder and rapine by the rebels, there had beer, raised half-a-dozen volunteer regiments in the sister colonies, ar.d dispatched to the 'scene of action. The pick of these volun teers was embodied as the Forest Rangers, who were known and acknow ledged by General Cameron as the beit bush fighters under his command Their leader, Von Tempsky, held a high reputation as the most daring and intrepid officer in the Colonial Service. Indeed, the bold Hungarian was a great favourite with the general and his staff, and had things pretty well his own way when not actually engaged with the enemy. It will be easily sur mised that the commander of the Rangers was beloved by his men. Once, at the storming of the ' Gate Tah ' Von Tempsky led his men right through the massed ranks of the rebel host into the stronghold, where he and his regiment would undoubtedly slain to' a man but for the coolness and courage displayed by a corporal of the 6th Imperial Infantry, who had been temporarily attached to the corps in consequence of its paucity of oflicers. Major Von Tempsky had acted with out orders, and although severely wounded, he was placed under arrest, but ! the Rangers were en masse and 1 demanded his release, which the gen eral, wisely granted. The Major was grateful to the man whose bravery had extricated his . corns from imminent peril; ? when he himself. , was down, covered with wounds. ? Through the advice of the. Commander of the' Forces, Corporal, Ormond (forjt .was none other than our old friend) was transferred from the 6th Light Infantry to the command of a company in the Rangers, with' the brevet rank- of cap tain, in consideration of his valiant services. To stride from out of the ranks into a position of responsibility and com mand is a trying ordeal no doubt, but the term 'Captain' appeared to fit Philip Ormond as aasily as ' Major ' sat upon Von Tempsky. They were both gentlemen and soldiers, and there is no open sesame to the heart of a brave man like the exhibition of pluck and nerve. Though the Forest Ran gers were a crack corps, its officers welcomed their . new comrade with open arms, and none with more warmth than ,Von Tempsky. It was night [ere Claude Fanshawe reached the camp of General Cameron I on the Patea. Night, and all Us att en- j dant hosts of stars shine down on crag 1 and peak, thickly clothed with giant kauri pines. Below, on the sloping sides of' the valley, the watch-fires of the bivouac | gleam, disclosing the bell tents of the | Imperial troops, whose sides ripple and quiver with the wind like sheeted ghosts. Fuither down on the hill side the brown mi-mis of the Rangers | can be. discerned in a line, with a gigantic fire of pine logs in front, and 1 circled tall, swarty fellows round it, talking, laughing and smoking. In rear,' the officers were assembled at 1 mess beneath an old pic- nic tent, minus the sides. -Two broad rough i boards, placed upon a couple of empty | casks, formed a table,-with shot boxes \- -in lieu ot chairs, and an assortment of stray knives and forks, which had heen collected in divers and sundry- places all over the Island, Thedeficiency of plate and all little etceteras which for med the tOHl ensemble of: a' dinner table a la mode, were amply compensated by the merry faces gathered ' together -at ? the ' Rangers ' mess. True, they could only muster one decanter and a pair, of wine glasses after a most pro longed and determined attack on roast pig, wild duck, and some of the largest schiiapper ever hooked out of the Patea — bnt there was no lack of good liquor before them— and it is needless to say they were very meiry and very noisy. May I ask who is the officer m ? command heie ? ' cried Ciaude Fan abawe. advancing m-on the aston iahed gathering, with mock solemnity in his I tones. J Before the answer could be spoken I he was seized by a dozen pairs of hands and pulled towards the table. , Take a seat Fanshawe. Welcome back, dear boy! . How's old madam Vipont and her fat daughters ? Brent and Peytou of burs — Lieutenant Fan shawe of the 6th. I say, Barton, stop thai row and pass a plate, Where's the Adjutant ? Ah, theae you are I be kind enough to call Tozer with the prog.' ? Fanshawe took his seut at the 'able as Tozer entered with the hind quarter of a young porker on the cover of a camp-pot, ' ' Only ju't arrived, Major ; delight ed to be with- you again. Pray pass that suspicious looking bottle at your elbow Ormond ? Thank you.' While questions were being poured fast and thick upon the head of the new comer, : Von Tempsk's servant Spread a corner of the cloth, uncorked several bottles, \yhich he placed upon the table, then retired. '* Ah, mon cher, nothing like camp life to give oh e an appetite, said the Major. There's Huxley, who turned up his nose at a carbonade with olives, venison stewed in Burgundy, and a bowl of bishop ; only last week at Musgrove's Parhleu ! my mouth waters, and I am only in harness six short days.' A tall, dark man, Major Van Tem psky, over six feet high; his skin bronzed a dusky red by exposure to all weathers. His uniform which was a fac simile of that worn by his brother officers and men, consisted of a blue serge jumper, tucked into a pair of pants, seamed with scarlet, and en compassed at the waist by a broad leather belt, from which gleamed the polished barrel of a revolver, in com pany with a formidable knife ; a pair of long boots, reaching above the knee, a heavy rapier, and a round, black felt hat adorned with a pelew feather, completed the costume of one who will be long remembered in the annals of New Zealand warfare. On Van T.empsky's right sat Colonel' Harry Sinythe, of the 6th Light In fantry, a brave, old officer who had been through the '. .Crimea . and the Indian Mutiny. He had no less than five orders glittering on the breust of his lunic, On the other side of the table the younger subs .were gathered together round a smoking kettle of punch, ' ' ' What is the latest news from the city, Fanshawe ? '? ' Oh, the good people of Auckland have it, that . thei Rangers have been, defeated, cut to pieces: in fact, while landing, - and . that ? thev General is a prisoner in the hands of Tupo. Another slice, Major I' 'Thank you.' ' The ' boys ' are too tough to be | easily carved,' replied Captain Ather ton, laughing. I. ' Hallo 1 what the- deuce is that ? ' The- exclanla'tidn was caused by the unexpected appearance ? of a bullock belonging : to .:the baggage, train, who walked -majestically under the tent and took a critical': survey of the assembly. ' ' A- glass of wine,' your highness? ' cried - Huxley, rising from his seat, giass in hand, . and ; approaching, but the beast ;takirig. . fright, wheeled sud denly. round, threw : up its hind legs, and sent. the. glass and its contents all over the table.,.: -A /roar of laughter followed, ... -in., which .Huxley heartily joined. . , .'This .incident; .-gentlemen, reminds me of. a: good . joke .which occured on the Waikato, River, .at .-.the : commence ment of the War ' said he. ;. 'A story I a story I ' cried a chorus of voices. : ' Well, thank goodness, it is not a very long one ' answered ? Huxley,' easing his waist .belt. ' Push the wine ?this .way j my friend Sheldon always keeps it lingering near him.' . - ' Be it known, then, in theannals of colonial hisjory; that soma time ago; ere we were joined by our friends of the imperial service, three companies, termed the ' Auckland Fencibles' were organised in that city for duty in that city for duty in the field. This gallant force consisted mainly of raw lads from desk and countermand placed under the command of one, Peter Brady, a master- baker. Peter had served in the; North Cork' Militia at home, hence his claim to the Colonelcy of the Fencibles — who I may remark en passant were, the seediest looking lot- of devils you . ever beheld outside a musket, I^eter never let them alone ; morning, noon and night, he had them out polishing, marching, and counter marching,. but somehow, they could'nt get bayond.the balance- step. At this stage they were supplied with rifles, and ordered to the Queens Redoubt, to re lieve part of the' 14th who were to advance on Rarigariki The Forcibles took possession ot the. post, made them selves comfortaole in the tents of the 1 Buffers, stationed sentries round the camp, and retired to repose. In the middle ot the night, however, there was heard a great. sound, as of the tramping, of an army f'ronv,the: left of the position and where some. empty, tents stood un occupied ; cords were snapped, -canvas rent, poles broken, and^the nearest i sentry— who had probably been dozing — fired; his musket and roused the ! camp.' ' Ho, '-men up I quick I /turn: out, I turn ; out ! , the- -Maoris:are, upon us,' | now rang out on every.^hand. : : . 1 'This men suddenly: roused out of a ! deep sleep, rolled vover each other in the confusion, and the. darkness, 'and made disorder- ari(3 tumult worse con founded by each, striving ? for the door: 01 the tents at the, same moment . At the first , crack 'of the rifle Peter. Brady was on-his:legs and rushed forth' ?v:ih his naked -sabre; and formed the men as they appeared. 'Steady boy? I Let ,'yez be steady,' he cued. 'Form up, shoulder to shoulder as did yer forefathers at Watherloo. Silence theie I Be my sowl, I'll clave the first man to the stomach that's after disobeyiug the word of command. Now, men, atten tion 1 Fix baynots ! Yonder comes the inimy, Follow me, an' the devil take the hindmost. With this brief and characteristic speech, Colonel Brady led the Fencibles to the attack ; but the gallant commander had not advan ced twenty paces before he was met full buit by along horned. bullock, and placed lion de combat. And truth to state, poor Peter soon discovered that the foes he had to encounter were only a team of bullocks, who having found their way out of a stock-yard adjacent, had got amongst the empty tents and caused the mischief.' ' Bravo Huxley 1 They say that Brady is a cousin of yours.' 'True euough, major.' ' By the way, was'nt it your famous relative who played the joke upon a bailiff some two years ago at Auck land,' ' The same man,' ' Pray relate the case,' said Von Tempsky. '? Old Jones the ironmonger ; of Shortland Cresent — Brady's neighbour — was very fond of going to law,' commenced Huxley. 'One day there was a collision between Brady's cart and Jones' van, in Queen-street; the van was smashed, and the iron monger, as usual, took the affair into court, He lost the case, but not satisfied had the matter re-opened at another tribunal, who found Peter guilty, and mulcted him in a fine of fifty pounds. Brady swore he would never pay a shilling of the money ; so his enemy issued an execution. Peter heard of this, closed his hoase and shop, so that a mouse would have found it difficult to gain admission, much more a bailiff Well Peter had been some days alone in his den, when one morning a spring van is driven up to the door, containing a large case. ' ' What's that ?' cries Peter from the window. ' A box of things from your honor's brother, Mr. Toole Brady, of Parnell,' answers the driver. ' All right,' and Peter opened the door. The case is deposited on the floor of the front room, but my unsus pecting relative no sooner opened it than up rose Alex. Cuff, the town bailiff, like a Jack in the box. : 'How d'ye do, Mr, Brady?' says he,. drawing a long breath, like a man who.had. been undergoing the pangs of suffocation. ' Phew! it's a mighty close place, that. If you please,' I'll take possession here; or a cheque for , fifty pounds, which you like.' *Go to the devil I' cried Peter, in a terrible passion; but the bailiff, not caring for so long a journey, quietly settled himself in Brady's arm-cheir, drew forth his pipe, and made himself comfortable. Poor Peteriretired to an inner room, growling like a savage, but made his appearance again in less than half an hour, [smiling like la broker who had just netied_ a ' thou.' ' I'm- going out for a short time,' said he to the ballifl. '' There's liquor in that cupboard ; make /yourself aisy', you're welcome.' : / Cufl Hcas fond of whisky; and Peter prided himself.on his potheen. When 1 the baker returned; which ' he did in ! the Jcourse of the day, accompanied by two rough looking fellows,, and a 1 stout, fussy individual dressed in black the baiiiff was more than ? half seas | over, and was on the point of trying ! ;he first act of ' Roger de Coverly,' . '?There's your-man;'' cried Peter, in feigned alarm, ' Thar's him, boys ; mind he doesn't escape ' ? In an instant the two fellows pounced upon Cuff, threw him to'the ground, and began to bind - his . ilimbs with a rope. - The poor bailiff, roused to anger by such unjust proceedings,' swore and raved at his assailants in such. a dreadful, manner that the fussy man hald up his hands and pronounced it the most absolute case :ot dangerous insanity he had ever seen in the whole eourse ot his experience. :To be brief,- gentlemen ; Peterr Brady- had conceived the idea of having the: bailiff taken off to a private lunatic asylum, which .he carried out to the letter. At the end ol a week r Alec. Cuff came forth with his head 'as/ bald as an egg-shell, and was the langhmg stock. ot the whole city ; . but he made Peter Brady pay dearly for his joke. CHAPTER XI. ? The Talisman. Night over all things./ - The round, full moon and the silent/stars looking serenely, down upon the encampment and the watchful sentries upon their posts. Sleep had fallen upou the gay party of the mess table. Here stalwart torms lay sleeping peacefully, with no roof over them save the vault of hea ven, and no other couch but the sod. The drowsy god had stretched forth his wand, and lo I silence reigned su premer, except where two forms aie seated by the embers of the watch fire talking. Old Father. Time has altered the personal: . appearanct of Claude. Fanshawe, Lieutenant- in H;M, .:6th; Light Infantry. Those:, who : had 1 known him on that wintry - night/ at i Maythorpe five years ago. would fail ! to recognise in him the robust, bearded soldier, with the steady eje andreso 1 lute face, who- had .won his.- way- to rank at the point of the bayonet | Changed is he both , in person and in voice. Three years ago he landed but a sergeant, and to-day he stands second on the list for the command af a'com pany. , Honored by the veteran, Iles borough, liked by his brother officers, ! and popular to a degree jWith the men ! of his corps, the whilom outcast had . j : indeed kept his word, and proved him- 1 I self worthy of the name he had adop : ted — that name was his dead mother's, 1 I and ever since he had assumed it, ! what memories had come to him of the deep devotion, Ihe. tender care, and the loving sacrifices of- that gentle parent. Not a noble thought, not a generous act, nay, nor the daring i which led upward step by step to fame, but had its birth in [the recollection of ; that dear spirit, which had drooped i and vanished at his sinful folly. Now ! that he was on the highway to honor 1 again, he trembled lest he should be discovered as the prison breaker. True ! he had been perfectly innocent of the - crime for whfch he was convicted, yet if discovered, ;- how prove that ? If Corporal Cartridge had doubted, would Color.ei Desborough believe him guilt less ? It had been fully understood on the' eve he quitted Maythorpe that no correspondence should pass [between Claude Fanshawe and his friends until he could return to them with honor, and fully absolved from the foul stain which clung to him, Therefore Jack Wingate knew not whether his son was living or dead. Poor Lena often asked herself the question — ' Living or dead?' and the [philosophical cor poral was often heard muttering, 'Is the boy really living or dead, I wonder ?' ' And so you had a pleasant trip over mon cher ?' ,' Delightful, Ormond ! if I except one little ^accident, or adventure rather,' said Claude, lighting a cigar. 'Of course, my dear fellow ; there was never a voyage yet that had'nt an adventure at the end of it— especially if any of the Light Bobs happened to on board Was there a lady in the case?' 'Yes.' ' I thought so. Well she lost her poodle overboard, eh ?' ' Wrong, comrade I The lady her self fell overboard.' ' That was serious Fanshawe.' ' Aye ! The poor thing fell from the poop into rather a heavy sea; I jumped after her, , and had the good fortune to keep her afloat until we were picked up by the boat sent for us.' 'Capital! No/doubt, the fair one will reward your heroism with her hand and fortune.' ? -' v- ; 'Nay, my friend,; the .lady is already married.' ? ' So much the better.' _ ' Dear Phil, pray be serious. I am rather interested in this matter.' - - , 'No doubt, sit She's all ybiir fancy painted her, and, etc. But tell nie, Fanshhwe, is the. lady, beautiful ?' ; Lovely as the sculptor's ' figure at the Trojan, Helen.' ' Bravo ! , Dark or fair ? ' ? ' Fair, Ormond ; yet 'tis a brooding, melancholy face that has known sorrow.' ' Humph I Pray retire to roost, dear boy.' ' Indeed,- I feel positive that I've seen Mrs. Fernleigh somewhere before Phil, and as icertain — — Comrade ! Ormond ! What is the matter ?' If a thunderbolt had suddenly fallen from the clear shining vault above them and shattered the encampment into a thousand million atoms, the face of Captain Ormond could not have changed more suddenly from healthy red to bloodless white. At the sound of the name he sprang up with a short, abrupt gasp, but fell back | again as if he had received a sword 1 thrust, and lav pantme. his eves set and staring- as if in death. Fawnshawe rapidly unbuttoned his friend's tunic to give him air. As his fingers tore aside the front ol Ormond's :under robe a locket fell therefrom— the same he had seen at Bristol, and be hold the. mystery of Lucy Fernleigh's face was explained to him in an in stants ; Yea, it, was a striking likeness, save that there was no shade of care ?and melancholy on the picture that marked: the original. . Whatever., might be the hidden .secret between the beautiful niece of Major Wilton and his friend, Claude Fanshawe did not seek to learn. With 1 true, gentlemanly tact he replaced the trinket rin Ormond's bosom, and sought iby every means at hand to relieve him i from tne stupor into which he had fallen. I You are better now, Phil ?' \- ?' Aye, 'strange that a strong man 1 could, be overcome at the mere' sound of a nams,' answered the Captain with a sickly smile., Pray, repeat it again. ' ' Repeat what again, comrade ?'' ' : -'.' The name; of' - Lucy Fernleigh !' replied- Ormond, with an effort. '' Shakespeare; has: said ' WhatVin a name ?', . . : ,Much, mucn,: /Fawnshawe ' More; than the glorious Bard/of Avon ever, conceived;. /Pray give 'me '''a drink.' ; ' For tnat =. night Captain Ormond spoke not another word. Moody and silent, he [sat, with' bent brows, and heeded not the talk of his friend, and Fawnshawe, . growing, weary of his fiuitless task, leit him brooding by the fire. Claude descended the hill, for the ? camp of the 6th Light Infantry lay 011 1 tne opposite side of the valley. The ! full moon lit up the dim outline of the rents 'arid chasms of the mountainside, end cast gigantic bars, of silvery light -athwart . the .gurgling , stream-! below, which'-woundi through the dell like a: long shining serpent; He had ' gained the tents on-, the . other side, when a voice accosted him. ' Arrah, Captain agra.v whisper ? : Fanshawe ' turned and-' beheld' the Guide, '. ; ''.What, Jack, not retired 'yet ? ' , Mu'slia,',. Captain, jewal, who can- sleep an! a man to be -flogged in. the :morning,-''cried the dwarf ruefully. - .-s; '-A man to: be flogged ! ? ' True for me. sir,: One of the fust1 ? Waikato hoys,'- replied Jack. Sure its me own: mother's. -son- does'nt.care a j brass ..farden for poudner or shot, but the cat— Faugh ! To the divel with it.' ' What is the man's crime?' '{Crime! Begorra it is'nt a crime he did at all. - He only took a skin ful of rum when he was on sintry over j: the baggage, and shure its- yourself 'ud have don the same, eh ?' Drunk when on duty in the field is 1 very serious matteV, Jack 1' ? '? So it seems, They only tried him yesterday, an' he'll be tied up at day ight the morrow; Faix, I say ould Bagshaw the drum major getting the triangles ready. Bad luck'to him,' t 'Ah, I'm sorry for the poor fellow, but dicipline must be preserved at all cost. Goodnight!' ' Stop, honey, just one minnitt,' cried Jack, in persuasive tones, and sidling nearer to the young officer. 'Ye . remimber that murdhering shindy - at^Wangatui, when the rebels — killed every officer of the storming party, and tuk the colors of .the 6th regiment ? ' ' I remember Jack.' 'Ye recollect a bould sargeant who picking up Major Casey's sword from the dead man's grip, called upon the j wavering men to follow him, an' how \ : when that sargint had won the height , at the bayonet point, and had tuk back ] . - the colors from the mimy, he fell into s :, a grate hole filled with rebels. who ? 'Who would have butchered him to a certainty but for the gallant dar ing of one Jack Donovan,' cried Fan shawe, interrupting him. 'My good friend, I shall nevei forget that. I owe my life to you.' ' Dont be botbsrin' me wid your nonsence,' answered Jack, with a rough shrug of his high shoulders. - 'Troth its to save the man being flogged I want : d'ye mind.' '? How can you save him ?' / ' Me, is it ! Faix, it is'nt me, but yourself that will do that same,' an swered the guide,, ' I should really like to [know how it is to be accomplished, my good fellow?' Said Fanshawe, smiling. ' Go to the Gmeral's tent, waken him up out o' that and tell him to let the poor spalpeen off. Faith that's aisy enough.' !' No doubt. Jack, -but even the General cannot break the rules of the / j: service.' v' '.'What! Do ye mane to say that a Gineral can't do exactly what he Ukes ?. ?Could'nt he ordher the whole camp: to- ?-'/.:£ get drunk, an' pardon them agin when : . they were sober ?' - . ? : '' Aye ! but suppose, Jack, that while - : , the men. were tipsy the rebels made { an ; attack on the encampment t' ^ ?? O, be my sowl the boys would \ ^ fight like divel than, ye may depend,' 'j . replied Jack laughing: ? ' But come ^a® agra don't let thsm flog the boy/ ^ can't sthand it.' 5 ' My good fellow, I'm afraid there's no alternative but to let this matter - take its course,' said Claude, seriously ^ ' However, I will see Colonel Des- - -*. borough first thing in the morning, =x! and try what can be done, so once 'V. more, good night 1' . (to be continued.) 'V 