PHILIB ERTA, AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. Br THORPE TALBOT. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd) . CHAPTER XXXVIII.-(Continued.) Then Our Tenor told Our Basso to go to that place to which all sinners *are, by orthodoxy, condemned; and then Our Basso thumped the table and said that, as far as he was con cerned,: the show was burst up. Nothing should induce him to degrade his talent by exhibiting it again in combination with a parcel of idiots. Our Tenor immediately asked him to 'come outside and argue it;' and, proceeding to take off his coat and 'dickie' (we could not afford the whole garment at that time) revealed a pair of slender feelers about as muscular as a mosquito's. Our Basso scanned him scornfully, and asked if anybody could lend him a microscope; he wanted to study his anatomy before he laid him self open to a charge of murder. Then he went out, and we saw him no more until next day, when he turned up again, suave and smiling as ever. Scenes like this might have occasioned anxiety but for their frequent occur rence. From the beginning of our partnership to the very end, I do not remember a solitary night unmarked by a quarrel between Onr Basso and Our Tenor. The insult and aggrava tion they heaped upon each other at these times would, in any other men, have bred deadly and eternal enmity. With these two the result seemed merely a strengthening of the bond of friendship, for at all other seasons they were like brothers. Jonathan and David, Orestes and Pylades, were nowhere in comparison. Tempest had his own way about the solo, though he would not rehearse it, neither have its title printed in the programme. Our Basso transacted business with the printers, and the result was that the bills came out with his name at the top in full-grown capitals, and Our Tenor's underneath in the smallest type compatible with legibility. Our Tenor was furious, \- and, rushing off to- the printers, had bills of his own printed clan destinely and pasted over all the first ones-bills in which his name was the leading feature, laying over and eclipsing every other. Our Basso * raged like a volcano, tore down Our Tenor's bills, and wrote a letter to the morning paper disclosing the whole affair as viewed from his standpoint. Our Tenor retaliated, and being a man of rabid eloquence but dubious grammar, loving long words but having haziest-notions of their mean ings and appropriateness, his letter in print was something astounding, and the cause of a crowded house on our first night. An editor with whom I made acqnuaintance afterwards said that Our Tenor was an inspired humourist, and asked me if we. had got that brilliant notion of advertisement from America. Our first performances were a success, owing principally, I believe, to the violin solo. It was a composi tion of Our Violinist's. own-a weird, plaintive, bewildering harmony of sounds, from the confusion of which arose fitfully the air of a. pathetic quaint German song (' Oh, would thou wert withme ! '), thrilling one's ears like a human voice of superhuman sweet i?ess. The audience went mad over it and indeed I do not think Our Violinist ever played anything in his life as he played that. I did not know till long afterwards that she (for it must be unierstood that our Violinist was Philiberta) had played with one motive and for one person-a stately, handsome woman wiho occupied a centre box cf the circle every evening. I know that on the first night, after tie second recall and tempestous ap plause that followed the solo, I went to the dressing-room and surprised Our Violinist there in tears. With native brutality I passed de risive remarks, and then asked what was the matter. ' I am crying over my own death,' said Our Violinist, .in a voice that struck me at the moment as peculiarly feminine and mournful. 'I wonder if, supposing anyone I loved came back to me from the dead, I should fail to know them ?' ' Have you any soda-water ?' cried Our Basso, entering breathlessly. ' Have you any soda-water in here? That herring I had for tea is playing the devil with me. Listen! is that uproar for me to go on again ? That song of mine has knocked 'em, I guess.' But the uproar was a great cry for ' Tempest! Tempest! The fiddle ! The fiddle! Bring on the fiddle !' and Our Violinist had to perform the won derful solo again. My acquaintance, the edftor, told me nextiday that a friend of his, Mrs. Retlaw, had said she would give almost anything to know where Our Violinist had got the air of that German song. It was an old song, and out of type, and Mrs. Retlaw had been under the belief until then that her copy was the only one in the Scolonies. And the editor conveyed to Our Violinist and me Mrs. Retlaw's kind desire of an introduction; but Our Violinist declined the pleasure with cool civility. I'felt annoyed at the time; after wards, when I knew all, I wondered that Philiberta did not go to meet her friend; but in that many.faceted character was so much to. excite wonderment, so much that can never be accounted for, so much of the - 'unmapped country '-. that George Eliot says must be taken into account in all study of huiman impulse 'gusts and storms,' that a wiser than I might well be excused from attempt ing explanation or analysis. OHlAPTERI XXXIX. WOES AND ADVENTURES- Coent ited. There is not the shadow of a doubt that our Dunedin season would have been most profitable if Our Agent had only been content with reasonable robbery, and Our Basso had not con ceived the brilliant but, ruinous idea of extending our stay to a period of two months-of changing our simple programmes to difficult and presump tuous ones, and engaging local talent to help us out. As it was, we were bankrupt at the end of six weeks, and deeply in debt besides. We had achieved popularity, made many friends, enjoyed thoroughly the brac ing climate and the daily contempla tion of some of the loveliest scenery in this southern hemisphere; and that was about all the good we had done. Dinedin will always -live in my heart as the Queen City of New Zea land. The picturesque fashion in which it has spread itself over the hills, its handsome buildings and graceful, artistic tall- spired churches; its tiny bay nestling in the hills, like a turquoise gem in an emerald and greenstone setting; its vividly bright aspect in fair weather, and its melan choly grey soft tints in the season of rain, when the clouds brood mourn fully over the gloomy hills; its lovely native bush and feathery forms; its small, clear, babbling, sweetly named Water of Leith; its hills and valleys, and its pretty waterfall, so prettily described in one of Thomas Bracken's best poems ' Ferns of every shade, Broider'd and scollop'd 'yond the power of art, In tons of thousands deck the rocky walls That hold the mountains back againist the sky, And give the fluent stream an open course To bring its sweetness to the lands below. And now, with admiration, I behold A shower of molten silver falling down An em'rald moss-clad precipice of rock That stands a buttress to the central steep Where range links range in strong volcanic chan, " Forged in the olden times; and, as I gaze Up through the argent spray-mist and the leaves, My spirit listens to the caeoade's song.' Altogether Dunedin is a rare, fair spot to tarry in. But we tarried too long- so long that getting away at all became problematical; getting away creditably an impossibility. The new members of Our Show, who had been engaged on salary terms, became daily more anxious to know when the 'ghost would walk.' Printers and landlords presented their little bills with painful pertinacity. We had paid away all our cash in in cidental expenses, and there we were. But when trouble loomed darkest about our professional path, then did the luminous gifts of resource pos sessed by Our Basso and Our Tenor shine out ever with greatest reful gence. Their scheme this time was to borrow sufficient money to send Our Agent on to advertise us in Oamaru; to convey all our baggage by degrees and in an innocent manner from the hotel to the theatre; thence to get it aboard the steamer, and arrange our last performance for Ihe same night as the steamer's departure; to keep the whole plau strictly secret, and quit at the fall of the curtain upon our last act. By the time our creditors awoke to the fact, we should be well out of reach at sea. We managed to get Our Agent off without much difficulty, but the other part of our scheme leaked out somehow; and on the last night, be fore the curtain fell, about forty creditors thronged behind the scenes. By sheer force we restrained one 'man from rushing on Our Basso in the final scene on the stage. The excite ment was extreme. We all turned our empty pockets inside out, and offered to enter solem contracts to send defrayment of our liabilities from other ports. One landlord said he would ' have his value out in blood,' there on the spot, but Our Pianist fainted heavily against hixn just as he was taking off his coat, and that settled him. At this junc ture 'the steward of the steamer came in to say that the tide served, and we must get aboard if we-meant going. Our detainers shouted their intention of taking good care we did not go; and the steward rushed off to consult the captain. That captain was a princely fellow, albeit having a keen eye for business. He returned with the steward, demanded of our creditors 'what they would square for ?' offered them half the amount they named, paid it on their accept ance, and took all our signatures to an order entitling him to the entire receipts of our first house in Oamaru. It was all concluded in about five minutes, and we were at liberty to go. On the road to the steamer at the Rattray-street pier, we passed a coffee stand, and the pleasant fragrance from the steaming cans made is suddenly thirsty and hungry. Our Basso stopped and invited us to supper, and we, firmly believing that he had a private fund, cheerfully accepted. The ladies went on, and Philip Tempest went with them. When we had scalded our throats with boiling coffee, and had affronted our digestive ap paratus with several mysteries of con fectionery, Our Basso bade the vendor a friendly good evening, and started off at a run. Our Tenor looked blankly at me. I looked blankly at Our Tenor. 'I haven't a cent,' said he.-' Nor have I,' I replied. ' Three-and-threepeuce, if you please,' said the coffee-man. 'My dear sir,' began Our Tenor, ' we have had the misfortune to come out without our pocket-books, and our loose cash happens to be done. We will defray this small liability next time we pass. 'No, you don't,' said the coffee man; 'I've been done that .way before. You'll pay now, else I'll take it out of you-so there !' ' My dear sir--' ' Oh, no salve. Yer needn't think to come Paddy over me that way. Down with the dust, now.' ' My dear sir, to prove that I haven't the remotest intention of cheatingyou out of your miserable three-and-three pence, 1 propose to leave you all my valuables as security. Here is my ring ' (a stage jewel), ' an heirloom in my father's family for many genera tions. In this parcel is a curiosity, sir, that I was but now on my way to present to the curator of the Dunedin Museum; a relic, sir, of the Ko-pi-hi Exploring Expedition, picked up by me in an African jungle, over a yean ago. If you will do me the favour of guarding these treasures a few mo ments until I ' Oh,'if it comes to that, you know,' stammered the man, shamefacedly. 'Here! I say!' he shouted, as Oar Tenor, with a face full of reproachful indignation, was moving off. ' I don't want yer blessed vallyables. Take 'em along with yer. Here! Hi!' But Our Tenor was gone, and I after him; and it cost us a sharp run to save our passage; for the little Samson was already un moored when we got to the end of the jetty. - The moon was just getting well above the hilltops, and Dunedin, as we receded slowly from it, looked as fair and as white and as peacefully lovely as a dream-city. The bay scenery as we glided down to Port Chalmers was entrancing. Never in daylight could it look so bewildering by beautiful as in the soft, mellow, radiant, silvery sheen of that moon light night. 'How beautiful! How soul-sooth ing !' said Our Basso, with a sigh of admiration as he leaned pensively over the poop-rail. 'Yes,' hissed Oar Tenor, vindic tively, ' it is soul-soothing; and by the Lord, if I had my way, you should have something even more soul-sooth ing than this. You should go down to the bottom to get soothed by mer maids or by sharks, or any other dashed fish that could be induced to eat you-you should !' ' My dear Harry ! you seem ruffled,' said Our Basso. ' My dear Tom, for once I am that that I seem,' responded Our Tenor. 'Nothing but fear of consequences prevents me from drowning you. I could push you overboard without the slightest remorse,' ' Ha, ha; berlud!' said Our Basso, melodramatically; and then he went over to make himself agreeable to some people who were eating sand wiches and drinking bottled ale in the moonlight,, while Our Tenor went furiously to bed. " CHAPTER XL. WOEs AND ADVENTUREs.- Contirned. We had our choice of landing at Oamaru in surf or whale boats (Oamaru boasts a fine serviceable breakwater now, and the old incon veniences are done away with). I chose a surf boat, and walked from it to the shore on two shaky planks that sent me up first on one foot, then on the other, in a manner at once icom fortable and ridiculous. Our Basso went with the last load of passengers in a whaleboat, and was, I am happy to say, capsized and washed up with the others by the surf.- I- was sorry for his fellow-sufferers, but, as Our Tenor afterwards remarked, they could expect no better fate with such a Jonah as Our Ba o on board. Our Pianist declined td. go ashore at all in that risky manner, so we had to wait till she fainted, and then two stalwart seamen got her safely landed byithe surf boat. - I suppose the captain of that steamer had some knowledge of and faith in Oamaru as a show-patronising place, for he nobly stood guarantee for us at a lodging-house which in common with all the hotels at first declined to accommodate us without payment in advance. I am glad to 'say that his kindness resulted in no loss to him. -He had an order, as I have mentioned, entitling him to all our first receipts, and after he had quite recouped himself there was still a fair surplus for division amongst us at the close of our first performance. Oamaru is a charming little town, built chiefly of white stone obtained from its own quarries. It nestles like a fair white maiden-in the bosom of a protecting half-circle of hills, and it is gradually creeping up the emerald slopes, and away over the summits, until presently it will be no longer a maiden, but a handsome expanded iand expanding matron, with a large family of pretty suburbs. - Oamarn has no native bush, but it is beautified with many plantations of young gums, which, straight and wonderfully tall for their age, give promise of forest-like luxuriance in the future. These trees' are planted so densely that one wonders what will happen when they are all old and big. It will be a case of the 'survival of the fittest' again, I sup pose. The strong ones will kill the weak ones, and themselves wax stronger and handsomer on the death and decay they have caused. (To be continued.) 