MAILS AT A DOG TROT IT TOOK TWENTY-FOUR DAYS FROM NEW YORK TO CINCINNATI. lull Ben-ice Coaa Thao Slaty Vemns A*®. An Intermtinc Account of the Big New Vorli Fire or 1SSS from an Old tcttu Written at the Time. It is hard to believe that only fiftyseven years ago, a time within tbe memory of many old residents of this city, a letter took twenty-four days in transit between KV„'W York and Cincinnati. Elere is a letter addressed to "Nicholas Carroll, Esq., Cincinnati, Ohio," postmarked "New York, Dec. 18,*" and also marked "Cincinnati. Ohio, Jan. 11," the difference beiween the two dates being three weeks anil a half. The letter was s;< :>-.':.;.1 forvrarued to Sew York, "care of Messrs. Gideon Lee & Co., No. SO Ferry street." The name of this firm will h;ive a familiar sound to some leather uterclnaits jutill doing business in "the svrauip." In addition to the interest which this old letter lias as a curiosity of the mails. it contains the account of an eye wifc ne*s of the great tire of lt£i5. It Is written ujMi a full sheet of foolscap juper. and vu.s mailed, after the fa.shion of that lime, without an envelope, the addms Wing wrirteu upon the blank fourth page and the whole sealed with a wafer. There ia no STAMP of CIHIM. but t he pnstoffi "c department ha* marired it with a pen. "SP 2,1-50.*' The postmarks. in red ink, are wnch larger and plainer than those of the present. The letter ia dated New York, Dec. 17\. "It is with the dwpest feeling of rt-^rel," the writer savs, "that I try to give you a faint idea of the horribkcalauiitv that b^ft-U our city last ni^ht. It is indeed one of the greatest dieastentli.-.t ever visited this country, or proba\;3}-any country eirice the ineiuoraiilf cj:L":->:--ratii)H of Mo-covs\ Almost the whole business part of the city is one heap of ruins. "About -tS o'clock last evening tire was discovered breaking out in t wo w three places in the stored in Pearl si re!.-1, jiitt bfdow Wall street, on the bide nearest the ex«'batige. There was almost a gale blowing from the northwest, whk*h immediately drove the flames acro» Pearl street, where they enveloped tv:i or twelve stores, and in a few lmvMi'e,-. the fire \v.~- driven through to Waler street, and thence to the East river, sparing noihic^ i:i its course on ti.a lower siilc ot Wall street. The shipp-.ni; in ihsttqnar.er was almost every LIU- nicjit catching, j»iid the tide was tootov,- to liofit tbeiu out into the river, some of them aground. "The fire continued to drive on toward the Battery, enveloping tbe exchange and milking steady jtri.t7:v.-<\-- dowu toward Oid Klip and to \Yil!i:u» street, sweeping everytiiiuy; in its w;-.y to a level with the gro:::M. ft then extended throngh Exchange place to V, liiiin street, up William to Wall on sides, then through the t>>::Ui Dutch church, taking the whole block helt.v.- through to Broad street, eseepi tin* Kton s fronting on Broad Ptreet. You can now imagine 'he whole space from the block fronting on Broad arrest dmvu to the East river one brotid sheet of lii-ta;id rapidly moving down tr> the Battery. The engine5 had long e>inee given np all hope of doing anything; it utterly out of their power, the hose Croze as East a-s it waa filled np. "1 wae on the epot a tew minutes after tbe fire broke out and staid till about 7:«0 this nioniing, helping, as much rs 1 was able, my friends to move their own and their employees' books and valunbU-3. It was a bitter cold night. this morning yon can perhaps ijn.-i^iufc my feelings, but you cannot my looks. It is now 12 o'clock and I have not bee;i from the stove eince I came from the fire, but I hear that it is raging almost as much as ever and fans brcriied cp everything this side of Oxntien dip. "Dec. ItS—Your letter remained nr.- lhiir-he.1 yesterday, as L thought it would be useless to attempt to mail it in tbe confusion necessarily attendant npoa the removal of the ptwjofnce. They saved everything, I believe, connected with that department, and are now under the custom house. The fire i; g-.it under and has not reached l«elow twenties slip. They stopped ita further progress in Pearl street by blowing np oae or two KVores in Pearl afreet on the corner of Coenties slip, where, yon v.-;Jj recollect, the slip is narrow and then? was danger pi the fire reaching acro..s. Among our acquaintances bnrt«?d out are Clieesebrougii. l«vt all hi* clot his. raved $! 5,000 out of fTO.WW; D, .S:<»afcenburgli, John Bir.kail, etc. Pee;!',, are more cool today, a«d sav the lo.-v is between $a),000,«i(> ami "The rwnv thus: li:"Jrm <;;: the lover of tViI>* iivuse *!.';> sr.-1 ouaie np Wtu »ti»ot to V« illiaiu, tu-'-iice tliugoually Bawk of the l ; iioeuix h&nit; f. the iftores trominjj on Broad stre -t: thi-v it h;t i jna.lt! a clean MVeep withia tliV circle to the East river ilowu to Coenti. j clip, vvhfr-' it is now l-mu;itg. iuvnr} - thiiig within this is de. troyed—the esciiangc, i>o<tuSi;e, A. Tappan & Co.— everything is gone. Everybody wesars a gloomy face this morning, and with reason. Scire of the effects will tht failure of all fire insurance companies in the city, and people coining in while 1 am , writing nay that _ at , least half „ of the "^eh^tti hitlf limit* York filinrf must fail, ami half the banks. In short, there is m* ut end to the misery that will he produce«i. Tbe loss at the present time is varionaiy estimated at from SSO.WWJOQ to OO&vOOO; in goods and propi-rtv. The cause of the fire h;i.s not been aaoertajned." People were »ot c«x»I eiiough even on the secojid day to reach rational fignres, for the loss by the great tire of li£J5 was afrerwjird coi: imred «t !•?i s (riX'.OOo. The house;-.fswl tjtnres de.fl:---.. d BHinUtriMi (»l!S. There was no Croiim water llteu to fight fire with. The Cniton s.vwm had been determined IIJIOUAT YI-AR betore, bnt it was not opened till ltvli. The first transatlantic steamship entered the harbor six years later, in 1841, and in that year the first telegraph line was established. The writer of this interesting reminder of a half centnry ago was Edwin B. Tremain.- A widow in Paris wae so haunted by the fear of meeting hrr dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a enccesor would keep the apparition away. The dead body of » man taken from tbe Seine WM identified by a woman as that of her hat-band. She had the corpse carried home and placed on the bed surrounded by candles. It was a case of mistaken ide- tity. When the husband retained be mis enraged, and had he not been presented, would have thrown the corpse from the window. Xew York Times. 