Thoro is still quito enough doubt as to the exact terras of the treaty of peaco tnado between China and Japan to render comment premature and distinctly speculative. Perhaps no part of tho agreement originally reportod to have been made was more striking— there are those wbo think that "alarming" is the more fitting term to employ— than that which provided for an offonwvo and defensive alliance of the two belligerent powers. "Asia for the Asiatics" was evidently tbe keynote to this sudden and startling intrusion of a fresh element into what used to bo the "concert of Europe." Tho said "con cert" just now is apparently represented in tho unanimity of Englaad, Russia, and France as to what ought to be in tho Far East. We might proceed to inquire what the probable effeots of the new Dual Alliance will bo, but cui bono ? Perchance the slliauoo has nevot been mode. It Is significant that last reports of what tho terms of peace are omit all montion of it. The application of a Monroe doctrine to Asia would certainly be fraught with some very pretty consequences that the world has hardly thought it worth whilo to even imagine in the past. Therefore the de velopment of a distinctly interesting situation will bo awaited with some anxiety. "Restitution" was tho simple and satUciently coinplste explanation sent to the Treasurer yesterday with that welcome L10 note. Ono of our morning contempor aries says that tho money is " evidently," etc., etc. In all probability the newspaper reslly knows nothing st all abont it. What, then, is the use of plagu ing tho imsgination ? "Restitution '' is a good word, containing no fower than four out of tho fivo vowola, resonant and impressive ! We canuot for the raomont think of any sicgle word which better tells a whole story. " Con science money" is tho compound with whiuh the Rrcasury officials are more familiar, and tho torm explains only half a given cose. Wo congratulate the c|is- cdvereref "BcsUt&tloa;" uponhavioggono- one better than his predecessors. At the tame time, in the kindliest spirit we could offer a suggestion which might bo found useful within the next few months. It it that tho word " Supplementation, " if not usual, is at least good coin ago, aud re spectably impressive. It contains all the vowels ! We can conceive no word which would better express the situation when a taxpayer is sending to the Com missioner the difference between the In come tax he has paid on the assessment and the amount which be k&ews; be ought co have paid I It would seem that the fashion in which the big guns at the Heads were served by the militia artillerymen daring the Easter manoeuvres fell a good deal short of perfection. We are not surprised to hear it. It happens that ability to znsasgc guns is one of the es sentials of artillery. It is fairly well understood, especially within tbe Defence forco, that for long past essentials have been subordinated to such burning questions as whether the citUen soldier should wear bluchers or plain laco-npt, or what particular pattern of buttou should ornament his jacket. We have had enough of that sort of ting, as the militia artillery abundantly demonstrated at Queonscliff. There is no need to wait for the more tragic demonstration which might be afforded if, say, the Japanese ever did seek the capture of Mr Tarerner's buiter ship Nelson. The militia artillerymen must be afforded better opportunities for leaning tbe practical part of tbeir work. To rank as an "offective" for the year oughl to mean a good deal more than it does at present 1 The Premior is not going to allow him self to bo flurried by people who point icy fingers of scern towards iho Heads and gloomily ask whother that in what retrenchment is to mean. The 43 men out of 270 discharged from tho Permanent Artillery, in the interests of economy, maybespared. Theroareleftqniteonough, if not rather more than enough, to do all it is proper that permanent men should perform. Their militia comrades will not all attain to tho high standard of tho regulars, but a fair proportion of them will, if they only get'tho right sort of training. All of them ra&y; be mado fit totakoa haud, particular men getting particular posts, as they do in the regulars. Loeking at the Easter work as a whole, apparently tho Defence torce needs & good deal of shaking up. Tho new Comman dant seas that bo has plonty to do, and evinces a healthy disposition to look after essentials. It is abont lime. What, after all, is tho ultimate object of the marchings and mancuuvringa of the parade ground ? Simply to ensure meaus for getting troops quickly and judi ciously into tho positions where they can use thoir weapons with effect. Now note : On Monday the A and C companies of tho 3rd Regiment did baltlo firing at Castlo- raaine, and obtained but 8'33 per ceut. of hits on the head and sbouldors targets. B and D Companies thon opened fire, nnd made what is described as tho " fine score" of 913 per cont. At Hamilton, H Company of Mounted Rifles under ser- rico conditions — to., with iron shaken up after a stiff galtoD over rough country to tho position — made 1365 per cent, of hits. Tho laib figure in not bad, but nuno of tho records are really good enough for Australians. Tho colony can do with much less in tho mere military spootocu- Iar. It badly neods a few thousand more marksmen. Nemesis bos come to Mr Juatico Win- doyer in a romarkablo way. It arrived, per Crick, M.L.A., in tho Legislative Assembly, Sydney, last night. Mr Crick was apeaking — very much speaking— en the Dean poisoning catc. Ho was, at least, frank in bis comments on tho learned judge. Thus is Mr Crick re ported : — This judge had said he was as oeriain that Daaa had poleonod his wife as if ho had seen hhn. Could this judge believe the evidence of his owa eyes ? A short time ago he was prepared to swear on tbe evidence of bis eyes that tbe woman, Idra Mellon, coald raise piriUat her street will, bat a lighted aatsn showod the spirit to be bogus. This brings back to public recollection the part Mr Justico Wlnduyer played in tho famous seances. While Mr Crick was thus suggesting doubts as . to the atrength and reliability of tho laarnsd judge's vision, tho subject of his remarks was listening to the Rov. H. R. Haweis, who lectured in Bydiioy last night on " Modorn Ghosts and Spiritual- ism." A few hours earlier in tbe Jay, Acting-Judgo Murrey, while dealing at Bathurst with a fortune-tolling case, made a few remarks about Spiritualism. "Tbe moat unmitigated frauds ever pro duced to abstract money from a gullible publio wore," he said, " perpetrated, and not only thie, but the mental faculties of maay persons were so affected that tbe uutaber of occupant in Callan Park and other lunatic asylums had greatly in- creased." A word or two from Mr Justice Windeyer btmsolf apropos of all this would bo most acceptable just now. 