SPERO?, SHORT STORIES.! BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. CATHIE: O'SHEA. By S. Y. PHILPOTT. There is a sharp descent in a brook I know, where the water dissolves into snowy spray, and falls noiaelyinto a shal- amar bed thirty feet below. There it seems to rest awhile before it issues forth, softly sliding over rounded boulders, backing to lap the cool sides of snug little crevices, until it reaches a large still pool which is Called the Six Foot. A huge jarrah log lies half submerged in the Six Foot from which the axe men take a header on their way home from work. I like to wander down by the bank of that brook in the rate evening, when all sound of life and labour has ceased To craze and brood and live again in memory With those old faces of our infantry-" The stillness is magnificent, the almost sublime hush of all nature in the mighty forest when the day is done should bring " surcease of sorrow " to the most troubled heart and brain. One evening I found my way to that pool later than usual, and was surprised to see a weird little figure sitting amongst the reeds at one end of the jarrah log. She was looking intently into the water and speaking, but I could not hear the words. I stepped on the other end of the plank and the slight vibration caused her to look up. I saw a slim girl of about ten years, with a slightly freckled face, from Which two big dark eyes gleamed questioning ; her pinafore was stained with the juice of fringed violets, and sailed from being worn a day too long. Her shoes had not been blacked for a week and the use of one was broken and dangling. " Quite a common child," many would say after a first glance, but one look into those big eyes told a different tale. She stood up and moved backward as I walked along the trunk towards her, but I thought she did it relict sully. it It is very late for you to sit so close to the water," said I, " don't you know it is very deep, and you might fail in ?" " I always take care when I come," she answered. "I can't keep away because its so lonely at home." " But isn't it more lonely here ?" "Oh no, never ! I talk to mother here, sly you made ripples and frightened her away." I sat down beside her and spoke calmly, did not want to startle her. " Will you tell me just what you mean ? How did 1 frighten her away ?" "She is in the sky and I can't look up, you know, it makes my eyes ache, but when I come here I can see the sky down there in the water, and when I took a long time I can see mother, but she doesn't talk much-she just listens to me and smiles." " Is it long since she left you, my child, race she went into the sky ?" "Oh, yes, years and years! I was young men, and wasn't I silly ? When I began to see mother here I used to think she would fall in and get wet; but I Snow now she's safe. I suppose the trees Sold the sky up, and she always looks at it from between the branches. She can't fall in can she ?" "She is quite safe, poor little one, but I think she would be happier if you did not come looking into the water so often. She would prefer you to have little friends to play with, I am sure." The child shook her head. "I have no friends except daddy." "No brothers or sisters ?" "No, no I am glad I never had any. They are always so noisy and rough. Mother is best." " I should like to see your father, if you you will shew me the way to your home ?" I said. She slipped her hand into mine and together we climbed a pathless ridge. Ten minutes brought us to a low slab cottage ; the roof was of sawn boards and kerosene tins flattened out ; the windows consisted of a yard of calico backed over an open space in the walls ! Just the kind of cottage one usually meets in all the timber stations of Western Australia ; Yet there were three splendid fuchsia makes fully five feet high, each ablaze with vivid flowers. An ivy geranium had been trained over the battered paling in front, and plants of mignonette and maiden hair flourished in meat tins on the verandah. A thriftless looking old man stood in the doorway-abroad smile beaming all over his rather vacant face. Crazy Jack, of course. I knew him well ; a harmless " old hand " for whom every one had a nod and a kind word. What his crime had been I never heard, but I can well believe it had been dearly paid for in the hard early days. " You didn't see the Nanny ?" he asked his daughter after he had greeted me and begged me to " step inside." "Oh, Daddy, I forget 1 I really did mean to find her this evening, but I forgot," said the child in a tone of distress. " Never mind," my Kathie," answered the old man, " we'll fall back on the cow again for our milk." " Yes. Isn't she a real splendid cow to be here when we want her," said Kathie gleefully. I made some remark about cow's milk being nicer than goat's. " Sure it's the one, ma'am," he said in the pleasant Irish brogue I love to hear. " It's easy to be comfortable in this life if people would only make the best of things. We can call a drop of good water milk any day of the week and if we close our eyes we won't know but it is!" "And do you mean to say you only imagine the cow ?" "What else, ma'am!" he asked, to my astonishment. " A cow in your brain is worth a dozen in this country where they do be dying of rickets and wobbles and the Lord knows what to Here was a pretty guardian for the sprite I found sitting by the water. No wonder she saw ghosts in the cool depths. I determined to give him some sound advice about the upbringing of that child I and asked him to accompany me part of the way home. " It's proud I am, of the invitation ; but first, might I make so bold as to offer you a cup of tea fresh made, it is-just the minute I saw you coming and if you would condescend, ma'am." " It is very good of you indeed to think of it, I should very much like some tea, I answered glad to have found a way of gratifying him. -stifles some errant some beautiful, skipjack just fried and all ready." 'Not real skipjack, daddy ?" asked my little friend, wondering. "Ah, but it is, just!" he exclaimed delighted-." You needn't ask your s**w>tr¿ujgfeíf.Fi: all this time' ' although jw. I'd surprises you. Party brought them raw from the beach this evening," I wondered, as we sampled the dainty little fish, how often this water sprite had to imagine ' her meals. Crazy Jack was very communicative. Kathie, an' me is great mates, now great mates entirely. When her mother was alive old Jack was nowhere. But you are fond of him now, ain't ye, my jewel?" and he stroked her brown head still with his childish smile. " Ah yes, Daddy," came the quiet answer. ' But mother was always beat." " To be sure she was, alone," and then turning to me, he said, " A better woman. never broke bread, ma'am." " You must feel your loss deeply. Yet to me it seems harder on Kathie. I want to speak to you by and bye about hot. If your wife had lived-"' With elaborate politeness he interrupt- ed me. " If you'll excuse me, ma'am, I'll tell you the truth. As good a woman she was as ever sentenced, but a Protestant' and I schwere no pardon would say a prayer over me, an' she sell wore no priest would say a prayer over her, and so we just used a broomstick (with respect to you), and stuck to one another 'till she died. You are not offended, ma'am ?" " The truth never offends me," I answered, speaking low, " but I think for the child's sake, if not for the poor mother's, you might say wife." " Maybe you're right, though I wouldn't like anyone to think a person had married me. But she was a fine woman, a grand woman, rest her soul, and may the Lord forgive me for praying for a Protestant' !" I had determined to see more of Kathie, to draw her away from her solitary rights and give her an interest in mundane things if possible ; but an unexpected claim was made upon my time for more than a week, and then it was too late. One of the workman had returned to the Six-foot late one evening for a towel that he had left when bathing, and there he found Kathie clinging to the jarrah log, unable to draw herself out of the water, yet too weak to hold her head up a moment longer. They got her home and tried every possible restorative, but the frail thread of life had received too rude a shock. Never again did the living Kathie leave the little bed on which they laid her when they carried her home that night. I found her when I went there, with a far away look in her eyes as if she saw things others could not see. She knew me at once and began talking of the water. " The sky was covered with beautiful colours when mother came that evening, and she seemed so much nearer. I thought if I just stooped down I could touch her, but when I fell in, all the water tumbled about, and she went away, and now perhaps she will never come any more." " Lie down, my child, and I will talk to you for a little while." She sank back supported by my arm until her head rested with a sigh of relief on her pillow. " Father says I am going to "die," she said again, " and I am afraid mother won't know." " You must not be afraid of anything, my little one. Everything is going to be made plain and put right now." "I always wanted to go to mother, but are you sure of Her voice was very low but intensely eager. Stroking one' wanted hand, I replied : " I am quite sure, my darling, that the best thing in the worldisgoing to happen to you. You will be so wise that I almost envy you, Kathie." With a quiet smile she laid her other hand upon mine and whispered : " Don't cry." And although I restrained my tears and watched that calm little face for hours, I did not know at what time death claimed it, so quietly did the spirit flit away. Workmen still plunge in the Felix foot " as they return from the bush, but I have not gone there since. The End.] 