j&ta; (SkrniiliiitJ VS? f, ' '?/ c 4. The Peer and the Woman. . . BOOK I. CHAPTER X. ?IN. THE CHAMBER OF DEATH. ? She moved toward the bedside, but slowly. Long beforo her dark form had ) ' emerged from the shadows the sound of her quick, anxious breathing betrayed her whereabouts. At last she glided out ; of the darkness and stood between the 'window and the bedside, in the focus of the moonlight. The quivering beams played upon a face set and rigid as marble, ghastly and colourless, yet des perate, It was tho face of the Countess ' ' VvP A' l/viaf/sn I She was close to the beside now, close to the mass of odorous, sweet-scented ; flowers, whose delicate perfume hung , heavily about the confined atmosphere — close to that white, rigid form, colourless V qb the damask sheets — most awesome, ' ? most fear-inspiring of all human sights I !i ? - the corpse from which the last breath ? '-i had parted, tho last spark of life died ,1, out. ' Once those lips, now cold as clay, had burned against hers. Once those eyes,- now closed and dim, had looked I fondly into hers, now filled with a soft, '? gentle love-light, now full of passion and fire, and she had loved him ! God ! how ? she had loved him ! 1 Three times stooping doWn, until her breath fell hot upon his face, she stret ' chcd out her hand, and three times she withdrew it again. She turned away with a little moan of despair, like the (i - last cry of a hunted animal. It seemed to her that her task was an impossible 1 y,. one. Sho could not touch him. It was sacrilege, desecration. It stirred into revolt all her emotions; sho shrank from it as from come deed of shame, and yet — yet it must be done, and now. To morrow the opportunity would have gone } for ever. To-morrow would be too late. Her hand descended again, and rested ; v , upon his arm. Ah I it wa3 there.^ The ? hand which' she had been holding drop ped heavily from her nerveless fingers and fell' upon the sheets with a little ?i thud. Sho staggered back against the !| . wall and .leaned there, crouching back '! 1 against it with her hands clasping her 1 throbbing head and her eyes riveted upon ji , the sheets. Her white lips moved slowly j: - : in a half-uttered prayer. Oh for strength . d little strength, just to keep her from ' ; . going mad ! . When , she moved again her limbs were | stiff and her movements mechanical. Jj Without .hesitation she took up again his arm and turned the shirt-sleeve up 'i ' above the elbow. The long white arm j : with its blue veins lay exposed to the ,i moonlight, and high up something was I ? glistening and shining in the flood of ! ? silvery light. Her fingers closed around ?: it, hiding it from view. For a moment ber whole frame shook with excitement, i and then a little sob of relief burst from ' the trembling lips. She withdrew her hand and slipped something into the j pocket of her dressing- gown. The long ?i ,rr.®hite arm lay there still upon its bed of flowers and perfumed linen. But some ,'j thing/ had gone — something which had I been there when that arm had flourished j C a dripping sword and waved an eager j regiment on to victory — something i which had been there when that 'i arm had trembled with the fierce i gesticulations of the orator who was compelling the wild tumultuous applause i of an excited senate house — something I which had been there when tho arm j which it had encircled had been pressed j! by royal fingers. Dangers and sickness, j ? triumphs and glory, it had seen, and . when the last breath had quitted the I body, and his life had gone out liko a suddenly-quenched lamp, it had remained. I But severance had come at last. I ? Another sound breaking the hushed, j silence of the sleeping house! Slight , though it was, she heard it, and the ;j . blood in her veins ran cold as ice from 'j head to foot. She trembled, and her shaking knees almost gave way beneath her. A footstep in tho corridor! A light, firm footstep, drawing nearer and j . . nearer. It stopped, and hev heart gave a great throb. She clutched at the wall | - for ' support, shrinking back against it with reeling senses and with dilated eyes i fixed upon tho door. The handle was softly turned, a tall figure entered. She 'i with the quivering moonlight shining upon hor ghostly faco convulsed with '! torror, he barely visible, stepping out j from tho deep Bhadows. Mother and Bon stood face to faco. ;.j ? { ' CHAPTER XI. !i G hosts ? : ?j . i . At first it seemed to hor as ... though 1 ; sho must yield to tho deadly faintness wliich'.w.as already clouding her senses. ;! Surely this must bo some hideous dream '! — tho flower-strewn bed, cold and ghast ! ly in the moonlight, the uncovered arm, ;! and her son's pale questioning faco, \- stern and sad, looking out of the black shadows. Was it a dream,, and 1 he a j! ghost! Alas! no, for his lips wero slowly parted, and tho deathlike stillness was broken by his quick, agitated '. words : ' ' Mother ! You hero ! and ? ? What. has lmppancd ? What havo you been doing ?' j ' I could not rest. I came — to look at him— once more,' she faltered. ' Ho pointed to the disarranged white 1 garments, to tho baro arm of tho figure ; on the bed. He asked no questions ; he ! Bimply pointed, and looked at her. What did it mean 7 1 Nothing which she had imagined to herself had been so awful as this. That she should stand face to faco with him, 1 of all peoplo in tho world, and have to answer that look of almost fiorce inquiry. What ' should sho do ? What should sho do ? '1' will toll you— presently,' shogasped. ' Ask mo nothing now. I am faint. This has upset me.' With trembling fingers she re-covered ) his arm and smoothed down the draperies on the bed. Then she turned half fearfully round. He was standing quito stili, waiting for her, with a white set look on his face that made her heart sink. He was her son, but he would be a hard inquisitor. What was sho to tell him ? Anything — anything but the truth 1 ' I cannot slop — here,' she said. ' Take me back to my room.' He stretched out his arm, and sho leaned heavily upon it. Slowly they moved across the darkened room and gained tho door. Outsine, in tho dimly lit corridor, she seemed to breath more freely. ' It was foolish of me to come,' she said in a whisper. Ho looked down at her. ' You had a purpose ? ' Ay, a pur pose I Had she not a purposo ? And he was seeking to know it ; he would try [to wrest it from her. He — calm, strong, and self-reliant, against her — weak, shaken, and fearful. How was Bhe to resist him — how to evade his questions ? The thought of it made her Bhudder. They reached the door of hor room, and she had paused, hoping that be might go. But he only waited until she she had passed in and then he followed her, closing the door after him. She sank wearily into her low chair and buried her face in her hands. He drew himself up before and spoke. ' Mother,' he said, ' I am asking you a hard and unreasonable thing, when I ask you to tell me what motive you had in going — there to-night, and what you had been doing? I think not. Why should there be secrets between us 1 Am I not you son, and was he not my father as well as your husband ? I will never rest — never — until I have dis covered tho secret of his death. I have sworn it ! Don't you feel like that, too? You must ! Let us help one another in this ! Oar object is the same ! ' He ceased, and waited for an answer, none came. Sho kept her face hidden from him, buried in her hands ; and he thought at first she was weeping. But when she looked up he saw that the dr', burning eyes were tearless. ' Mother,' he went on, speaking more rapidly, ' it has been a new idea to me altogether that there should have been any mystery or secret cloud in connection with — him. Yet something of the sort there must have been, and — forgive me — but it seems to me that you must have known — must know — alittle of it. What does it all mean ? Neillson's flight, your strange manner, and your visit to his room alono, and at this hour ? If you know anything at all — and you must know a good deal — why not tell me and help me to gain a clue ? ? Surely you cannot wish his murderer to escape? God forbid!' (7b be Continued .) 