'.An’ Interesting Story.* A WESTERN LANDLORD. Bxoby by MabS Hakiweli. Catheiiwood. - AUTHOR OF “ CRAQDK OF DOOM," “OLD CAVEBN DAYS,n ETC., ANj) NUMEROUS SERIALS AND Sioaisa IN WtDE-AWAKE, MPPlNCOTl’O, HAMPERS', ETC. A vouno village doctor is a young tillage dootor, whetlier'he carries a medioine case in jtho year 1885, or a pair of pill-bags in 1857. But . all young dootors are not as. large and white and tall ol vigorous blood as Brother ton was. Instead Pf bis usual pill-bags, how ever, he held a well- stuffed oarpet-sack in his hand as the.haok rambled with him into Millport. The;whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, whiah threw back a oold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Greek. The shadow of a flour-mill feU oyer the haok as it jogged aoross the bridge, and no light appeared in the poat-offioe where the mail bag ought to be delivered. It was alter TO o’olook. • The vehiole stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport’s spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the haek driver. This half-asleep and weatherrhardened be ing then bumped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern whia]i appeared to lie directly hogging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Milljjorljjf opened there uponbotmd dess white prairie^. In those railroadleeedays Ghioago.seemsd nearly as remote as China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mountea that unpaved path need by the vil lagers as a side walk. It led directly across a drug Btore porch, upon whioh he paused, rapping hard at the door. . In time a light appeared through th'e wiudow, ehowibg candy jars andmedioine bottles there dimly : displayed bobiud the fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man’s voice growling all the time on the other side . of it. j Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmos- ; phere and shook hands with his red- headed,; fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep,: retastened the door and took up a tin candle-: Btick covered with stalagmites of anoient j tallow. Left your folks well ?” “Yes, quite-well. You didn't expect me to-night, did you?”: j “ Yes,” yawned the partner, “ I've ex-! peoted you every night. We never know when that hack will get in any more.” 11 It broke into a slew this side of the Bed Pomp tavern," said Brotherton, •' and I thought for a couple of hours we’d have to leave it there and ride thehorses in,” “ You look like you’d been prying a haok oat of a slew,” observed <hr partner lowering hie candlestick toward Brotberton’s muddied and frozen trowsera. “Well, old Vesuvius is red hot.” “ Biassed be the devil that tends her fires,” soidBrotberton, “Now, Doc., now.,” remonstrated the red headed man, using the Western abbreviation, which eljears away a physician's dignity. ' He piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, left just as the town loafers were wont to: leave them when breaking up daily and nightly court, to a stove at the rear of the store. Though muddy heel marks and the stains of ! many mouths showed unoleansed upon its.' cylinder surface, it glpwed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw oS. over-1 .coat, hat and gloves npon a oonnter and aban -j dnned himself-to its heat. In a seoluded corner near tno stove appeared tne iGunge-nea which his partiter had just vacated. A aimi- i lit lair in .the’ opposite corner'invited the ! doator’s weary bonea after a thirty-mile jolt ! across the sweep of prairie wind. . .“It argues well for our docenoy that we retain a little bit,of it when we bunk about I so like dogs, don’t it. Baiah?” he observed with a laugh, using a village dimumtive.far Horatio which Hamlet in all his mu singe nover bit npon. “ You're jnst haok from them flesh-pots of luxury the creaohiur talkd-oboat," «»po«icloi tbo druggist. .'You’d turn up your nose now on oysters co0ked in tho can ana e t out ol the white motitX-" . - . - .. . “ No, I wouldn’t,!’ declared Brotherton, promptly, «• gi if. you’vo got: some In tho digging end w»,ut a aiDglo bite yourself,pat on two cans to Dimmer,”., -“Now,,listed-.to That. for ,extravagance," obsorvtidVtha Cprtaer, taking: up/the candle 'and; going *oa?Md--in'' the store.'"Thin.he' knocked sawdust froin 'a tin oblong, ent the .top open with'hia pooketknife, and readied behind the ipecaojar for a handle of crackers. The orackers be brotight and spread-open for Brotherton to inunoh at, while the. can of oysters thawed and then began- to leak and sputter apon tbs stove. “ Pepper and salt and a hunk of batter right up there in the white mortar,” he sug gested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dUBt oil its “ Don’t be so particular,” urged- Secrist. 111 thought it might be tartar emetio,” ex plained the dootor. “ But you’re too good a housekeeper to serve me that way, Secrist. Just as.I come back, too.” I “Well, now, Doe,,, tell the truth,” urged the fat,man, stretching himself in a chair at: the other aide of the'stove and glimmering at his friend through'.-iialf.‘shuiveyes. “When you, coma, babtefrpm- civil-i-zation to a god forsaken plaea'tlika thisj 'don’t you think you’re making a fobl of yourself ?” “ No, I don’t,” rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting en tire counter beside his j garment’, ond.hia long, strang legs-danglsd ] well toward the floor. “ This .is experience. I like experience, and I' 'don’t Ukejbaugiug by tbe.eyelids. A man eamba hafdenmg-himself here-.while he would collapYs tonothing waitingTor practice in a city. Itis’nt euoh a god-forsaken place, “A row down at Peg.l6g’s whiBky shop every. Saturday night.. Mud andslush np to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall.” “That suits me,” said Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: “ Preaohing only once a month in the school-house at early candle-lighting.” “ There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than yon do,” laughed the doctor. ' “ 0, I ain’t saying the ruffianly gang in this ueighbprhood.isn’t good enough for me,” ohuokled the druggist. “ I’m only.wondering how a fellow of your stamp oan stand it.” “ What's happened now?" “Nothingi’Vreplied the druggist.briefly, as fie wenvto aAont counter and got a .piece' of wrapping paajr-for the purpose of lifting the hot can.- ''' !." “ Here; hold'your bowl.” “ Won’t yon have some, yourself, Baish? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a eteam bath first.” “ No, I’d rather have some sleep.” “ Yon’ra not going to bunk down without telling me all the news?” “Hoi." said] the fat man, slowly. “What news oOuld we. scare np,.do you reckon, though, in she two weeks you!va been: “But you ivere gnashing' about ruffianly gangs, Therl haven’t boen any horse thieves through ?” 1 - , Secrist uttered a negative grunt. Bitting on the side of bislcpach. “ I waaonl; {thinking of old Hiram Dixon." “No onehyfiilledhimi” ; _ _ ed Scoriat, with a dissatisfied. your silent, ceaseless petition .will kill him,” ohuekied the: _ up! his oysters from the white hroken-handled pewter- spoon, are;, a comfort in adversity. _re some.” <i Everybody says hp killed a man ;onoe,” continued SmriBt,le^ning: forward and rest inghip arms on.hia knees.. “ Buby Stirling’s , hurtiindand Jiim:Went:,northTogetber,and; Stirling never was seen alive afterwards." “ YsBjT'v^heard you tell that story a dozen ' lettfilh. BPPljiflS bim.BOliiP i his soap with the zest <u an nuugry man. " But It a by doesn’t believe it. Stirling's' body ,was iound whole and untampered with at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that fools don't know how to describe with a name. And if yon men suspected Dixon why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate ?” “It wan talked of,” replied Seorist, despond ently. “But he had his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." " Baby’s well, is she ?" As Brotherton made this inquiry he threw a quick side glance at his partner. “ I thought I heard somebody knook,” said the druggist, turning his head in his-palms and listening. The fire whispered. Without the frosty wind swept over village and wood and lost it self in the vastness of the prairie. There was - a sudden squeal and scampering in the wall behind Brotherton. “ It's nothing bnt that old rat,” said he. “ Ten’ll let that old rat live to see his child ren’s ohildren to the last generation, before you’il give him a button.” “ I wish Bomobody’d give me a button that’d make me sleep to-night,” exclaimed the drug gist. “ I ain’t shot my eyes since dusk." “Ton were so drowsy you could hardly open the door,” declared the doctor. “ I was pretendin’ to be easy on yon. like,” explained his partner, painfully. “ Jerome, there has something happened since you went “What? ’’exclaimedBrotherton,feeling his templeB expand with large pnlso beats. “ It iBn’t anything about old Hiram Dixon—or Baby?” “ Was yon in downright earnest about her, Jerome?” ■ “ I intend to marry her, that’s all,” an swered the doctor, antagonism coming tc the front in bis face. “ Doo., Buby's dead.” “ She isn’t I" exolaimed Brotherton, leap ing up. “ Doo., she’s dead.’ Automatically Brotherton rubbed bis finger through the riogs which bis soup bowl msdiT □pon the counter. Buby’s delicate aquiline face, flushed the color of a blush rose, filled his vision. Ho did not believe it was now clay white; that her innocent mouth was set in death. He did not upbraid hia partner for suppressing the news. Thera were no means by which Seorist oould have reaohed him more quickly unless he had" driven out to meet the hook. Sacrist’s voice, proceeding in reoital, grew in volume upon his ear. . “ Blame old Hi Dixon’s piotnre I He would have pat her in the ground twelve hoars after if it hadn’t been for her Aunt Baby Ann and the neighbors." Brotherton grated his nails against the wooden counter. “ When did she die ? ” “ A Friday morning five days ago. I said yon ought to of been here all along,” pro nounced Seorist impressively, gazing with commiseration at the pallid young man. “ They Bay it was like this: She was playing with little Nate and tossing up a ball. When iho ball went into the air she was alive and well, and when it touched the floor she was a dead woman. Doo, the color didn’t go out of her oheeks and Bhe stayed warm. They pnt her between feather beds, and all the other doctors in town tried their best to. bring her to, bnt it wasn't no use. I don’t believe they knew what it was.” ‘ “ She hasn’t been-?, ” demanded Broth erton qniakly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of the stove. The boot leather smoked, and he watohed it as if his hopes were exhaling in the Bmoke. “ No, not yet. Bat old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early to morrow forenoon. He say’s he kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport.” . “ He won’t .have a funeral while there'B the slightest dou'6t.” i “No, he won’t have any more funeral than, be can help. He’ll jUBt pop her in.the ground' and'be done with it.-. He’s helping ■ dig 'the' grave to-night to save expense, and a nioe easy job they have of it the way the ground’s froze. The women say he got the cheapest coffin that conld bo bought,” continued Secriat, boy is 21 years <. .. . . . thereat of Stifling's property besides wbafe disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with. Hiram Dixon. . It’s most all ih. land, and easy to trustee, out of the hands et a minorhoir. I'll go np. with yon, Doo.’.’ ’■ No, yon go to .bed and sleep,’J; .replied- the doQtar.'.jwh^i'having., mnffied -.liimself, was changing medicines'in his pill bagsfor others on the shelves. “I’ll go np with yon," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. “Ton’ll have a tussle with old Hiram. II he’s dug her grave and she isn’t dead he’ll bnry her any The wind blew out of the north like mobile and invisible ice. Secriat tied bis red woollen comforter in another knot nnder his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, treaty board as causeway, and aoross this they walked singlyio avoid the rongh, frozen mud. A bat of logs, opening by a latch-string, and a weather-boarded domicile, with the door at the rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three brick houses of some pretensions, inclosed by. palings, and a barred acd silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one a* the other end of the village. On risiuj. ground stood the, tavern; a halt jug place where the traveller might brace himself for the bleak ride northward. How many a ontting day Had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in his jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried cosy,’warm thoughts within his wraps and fare, which kept him exhilarated. To-night tbs north iroad was the bleakest track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the grairie would bo sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort could they find in to-morrow, any bow? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest house in the town. A road curved aronnd it and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, the meanest-loaking house in the town, its size only emphasizing its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with sil ver plating cor tain ancient garments bulging through broken panes, the crazy.ashe rattled, andiooae, unplanted weather-boarding clapped responsively. Secriat and the doctor, waiting for admis sion before steps on which they dare not stand both at onoe, heard the wind howling through this hollow mansion as if its vacant chambers were built only for that pnrnose. Brotherton’s chief wish had been to take Baby ont o! this plsoe into a home of his own miking.; She: was still so.-mnch a littlegirl' .that be never realized'ber widowhood on her .maturity. Her child seemed a young brother whom he: would adopt for'love of her. It forever puzzled him that a creature like Buby, naturally refined and alive to every thing beantifnl, should be cast in her lot and bound tovthe people who held her. The heredity which gave dark-eyed daughters withdrQdieh hands-and feet and living souls toiMrs.-'Dixon’a like conld not be accounted f or Tiy-medioal science, Mrs. Dixon was stfll'ofoat and let the yonng men into her unfurnishedNaked, stair-steps: and gaunt.:bannisters, against wbioh. their shadows wera thrown by the moon, seemed‘to woloome them , as oongenial ghosts. One discouraged , candle ■ burned in the. square:room where most of the living-was1 done, and where dying was to-be consum mated; for there in the comer stood the marble-like oblong of. sheets stretched over ■the tops of chairs, conoealing what was held beneath them upon the cooling hoard. Near by, also, upheld by. two obairs, waited: a blaok' coffin, . bulging., near, the head, but narrowing towards the foot; A strong; shudder darted through the dootor at this: sight, which must have been so oommon to .him. Two other women: were watohing: with Baby. One of them, the lahdlady'ol the tavern, came forward .to..meet her two boarders, and shook hands with the dootor. BhowM capable aad portly, and ticked in a hoarse whisper. Doing the dead girl’s Aunt Baby Ann, ehe was there to command. Mrs. Dixon eat down in a remote corner with her sun-bonnet over her eyes. She was a very thin oreatnre, having calico garments which hang upon her. The contemporary world seldom oanght her features on account of thiB immovable snnbonnet, and it was be lieved she would die without naving ever fully shown her face. She was not deaf, yet when she made one of her scant remarks ehe shouted it, and people shouted to her in re turn, The major part of her time -was evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt Baby Ann put a splint-bottomed chair and the one rocker before a sooted and oave-like fireplace where some green sticks were weeping upon rusty fire- dogB. The doctor set his pill-bags and hat. upon the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady understanding him, took np the candle. . Daring their conference her voice never rose above the hoarse whisper proper to the oceasion. “ Did yon git word t ” she inquired. “ Not until Secrist told me, alter I got ont of the hack.” “ I am glad you’re on hand, for he's r’arin’ around to bury her whether or no.” Sho oast a look of contempt at her sister who could keep a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon was kept. I give her up, and then agin’ I go and try once more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass neld to her mouth. I can mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain’t sure of that, neither.” Seeing that Brotherton Sid not lift the cor ner of the eheet-saroophagns. Aunt Baby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Baby by the yellow tongue of the candle. Shrouds wore just passing out of use then, so Buby was clad in her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from her elbows and leaving her arms proteoted by mnslin nnder sleevee. A broad collar of needlework was? turned down well towards her shoulders andiii fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and; wnite cameo pin. Her delicate face wa3 not yet pinched or sunken, its unusual whiteness seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid veins and the network on her temples oaught the gaze of one who Btuaied her. A suggestion of oolonr like auroral light ap peared npon her lips and cheeks. “ She looks nat’ral, don’t Bhe, Doe?" whis pered the landlady with emphatia hoarse “Yes,” replied Brotherton, getting.down nnon his knees and applying his ear to her chest and bear “ She didn’t say which nor t’other, but down ehe tumbled,” shouted Mrs. Dixon from her corner, turning the mouth of her sun bonnet upward from a trance of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and the landlady held a con ference whioh ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silent, and saw her daughter’s body transferred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and the doctor's morocao case of instruments glitter ing beneath the feeble candle light. .. ~ Secrist poked the fire and kept his face Btriotly ehimneyward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. ■ Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton’s haggard ex pression, and the quick gesture with whioh the back of his hand rubbed moietnre from his forehead. “Three doctors has give her up," she shouted, and again dropped her snnbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. Thera was a clock screwed to the wall, with It had-- the pitoona air of dragging its own viscera, and woa' altogether anoh an.inoom plfito clook aa the master oi 'such a house , mighty desire ; but. its iron bends kept pace with time, and they indicated that Brother ton had been exporimentipg more than an nonr when, the .pat oi naked feet became irregularly distinct on the naked stairs, and the sitting-room. door -wtus thrown open. «o .gldo niito Immp.S'QaiQgt -ilr. lOixon’a Irncoa. “Whatdid yon git np for, Nate?” whis pered the landlady, meeting him and lifting him to sit on the carve of her arm. The ohild wae in a linsey dresB, under whioh scant drap ing he cuddled his legs, while he searched the group.around the table .with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. ' was tossin’ the ball together and rnDgm^Lora toyel,” shouted MrB:d>ixon. She bent her snnbonhoted head. once more and eat motionless, as if waiting to be re loaded. The landlady turned her face from the table and carried him aronnd to tho doctor “How do yon do, Nate? said Brotherton, taking one of his ague-tinted claws And kiss ing it. “ I want my maw, wept out Nate, putting up his trembling under-lip. “ Call her,” said Brotherton, taking tho child npon his own arm. “Maw, 0, mawl" called Nate. “0, I’m afraid upstairs alone. Make her wake, Docker B'dtterton 1” | The young man moved one one of Baby’s “ If you can’t rouse her, Nate, Bhe’e beyond the reach of love and despair. Call her “Doe., Doe.!” remonstrated the landlady. “ If you set him to takin’ on we never will git him peaoeflfid again.” “ And out of her bosom, grew a red, fed rose, and out of his’n grew a briar,” shouted Mrs. Dixon. Her knees being again threatened by the opening door, she drew herself tegsthe. as if collapsing. It was an old man who eamo in. He fixed the glare to blue goggles upon the table. His iron grey hair met'with iron- grey beard upon his cheek-bones and formed a shsggy'cnitam reaching his shoulders. As if son, rain and many seasons' wear had not done their worst for his ancient and ill-favonred clothing, he | was freshly glazed with frozen mud stains, and his dark paws were yellowed by olay quite to the frayed coat sleeve. Shutting tho door so that a responsive shudder ran through the whole honse, he demanded at once: " Who’B a meddlin’ with that corpse ?" “The State of Illinois,replied Seorist from the fire-place. “ The State of Illinois can get out of my house then,” said the old man, wagging bis hoary shag. “ I don’t keep a medical-college.” “ Hiram Dixon,” spoke oat the landlady, "ain't you willin’ every means should be tried to see if life’s left in Buby ?” “I am,” said the druggist, “andI'm the oonstable." ' “ You can’t bury her to-morrow, Hr Dixon," said Brotherton. “I am not ready to pro aonnee her .dead.” . y “ I’ll bury her to-morrow as sure as the sun rises,” said old Hiram Dixon. '1 And I snowed you couldn’t tell a dead woman from a live one.” He came forward in his usual stooped and stiffened posture, and Nate, with one arm around the doctor’s neck, watohed him fear fully. “ I'll bnry her to-morrow, and I’ll fasten her np in her coffin now, to keep meddlers ont And I'll set on it the rest of the time, if no thing else’H do." _“ Hiram Dixon, are yon possessed? •’ oried out lluhy’a aunt. — “ Let him alone,” said the dootor, whitening throngh his lips, “ only see that she’s moved decently.” 4 ' “ Keep your dirty, olayey hands off, then,’ dictated, the landlady, ■ “ and let Seekers' and Doe.- Smith's, wife and me pat her ih.’r'' > “ They grew and they grew to the church steeple top, and them they couldn’t -get no higher;" shouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the.ceiling over the heads of her discordant, inmates. Whatever emotion ehe felt at sdeing her' daughter’s body plaoed in its. lost receptacle was ooncealed within the muzzle of the snnbonnet and made no ex plosive escape. ► “Now I hope you’re satisfied,” said Aunt Buby Ann to the old man, beginning to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and one finger, when the last crackling fold of Jtaby’a drapery war laid straight f ? H they’va all, even to Dog. Brotherton, give he* up, I a'poee I’ll have to." . ! «I'll be eStiaBed when tne eorewa ib druv. to place,” replied Hiram Dixon, fitting tha lid with snoh callous exaotness that she fal* uerself impelled to add with biting censure: « x bolieve you'd like to have Nate in there,! ,0 The old man looked up, and hie spectacled in the dim light seemed to flame like wolf eyes. He was exasperated to a point beyond' nis endurance, and Nate's lmsey dress wa*. within easy reaoh. One oi the boy's bare feet olenohed a round of the chair which supported! Ruby’s head, as he lifted himself up to look] down at her. “ I’ll put him in," said old Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by Nate’s shriek to his. mother. Some muffled sound mingled with the noise he made, and the dootor being first to reach him was the first to see Ruby’s open! ^He was holding her child under one of his arms and lifting her head with the other, when Mrs. Dixon fired off the conclusion of that doggeral hallad with which her mind has been so heavil^ charged by Ruby’s last repe tition of it: ' •• Ana mere tney entwined in 5 true lev*n knot for all true ,overs to admire, 'mire, ’mire; for all true loverB to admire.” Traditions of Baby Stirling's trance still linger about Millport. You may yet hear haw she tried to move, but could not; hoar Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do his worst iit order to test the effect of a shock, and howha took her away after their marriage, keeping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from heraoU and her son thenceforward. A high echool building to-day ooonpics the bill where the old house stood, and Baby’s unpleasant stepfather has lain for yearsfrost locked and grass-bound, in the ontgrown grave-yard, his wifo—presumably with her sun bonnet over her eyes—beside him. The railroad and telephone connect Millport with all the world, and the town ean hardly be lieve auoh tales told of its early youth. 