Kingswood Chace. CHAPTER LX. As soon as the aged eyes of old Eldra per ceived the uncouth form of Tubal Kish standing in the doorway of the chamber, and noticed that Tubal stared at Erle with no aspect of astonishment, she uttered an ex clamation which was a compound of vexation and surprise. In a shrill, but haughty, tone of command, she bade him descend the staircase, and as he hesitated, she advanced towards him with upraised stick, and then, with a grunt like the growl of an ill-con ditioned dog, he obeyed her and disappeared. She turned to Erle, and said ' The blood of a doomed race circulates in my veins as in yours. It may be that the hour rapidly approaches for the redemption of the race from its doom and with it my re. lease from life. I see standing by your side the shadow of the first Erle, Baron Kings wood.' For a minute she remained with her eyes fixed on what appeared to be the vacant air. Presently she muttered ' His eyes regard me with a softer expres sion, and the blood upon his hands seems lading.' With a gasp she sank upon the ground, and Erle at once moved forward to raise her, although her aspect and yet more singular words had caused a thrill to run through his frame so as almost for an instant to render him powerless. She waved him off and rose up. 'It was but a spasm;' she said, with difficulty. \- 'But your vision, dame ?' he ejaculated. ' Question me not' she replied, in a sorrow ful tone. 'It was a portent; the realisation will reach you soon enough.' Not a word more. Go-you need rest I go, go.' She waved her hand towards an apartment. He saw at a glance that it had been Violet's, and that it was tastefully furnished. He flung himself upon the bed, and in a few minutes was asleep, dreaming that he was seated by the side of Lady Maud in the old library. In the meanwhile old Eldra desicended the stone staircase, and perceived at the door leading into the Chace, Tubal Kish, prostrate upon the turf, and watching ardently for Erle as a tiger would for its prey. He was armed with a fowling-piece, and when he saw that Eldra was alone, he rose to his feet and approached her. SWhere be he ?' be exclaimed in an under tone. ' Vanished, gone, like he do in the brake and in the covert ?' 'Fool !' ejaculated old Eldra. ' Nay, I be a cooning vocol if I be vool,' be retorted. ' Dost th' not mind, dame, what the chant says?' I'se heard thee drone it " Wheon tho Lheir of the race Shall his oern features trace ?" 'Silence, idiot!' cried the old womans angrily,. ' The guest above is no spirit, but one who has asked for shelter and refresh ment. Look you, disturb him not I' 'No spectre ' exclaimed Tubal, his brow lowering ' Not t'bad baron 1 seen oop in Cbzhace o'noights ?, 'I tell you no, fool!' responded the old woman, sharply. ' Hie away with you ! he needs rest. Your rough clatter will only disturb him. Hie away, and beware of a black hawk !' ' So youve told me often, dame,' he replied, with a laugh. 'I ha' no seen a black hawk, an' I believe eye of man never saw ' un either.' ' You have seen the Spectre of the Chace, have you not ?' asked the old woman, fixing her eye upon him, and speaking in a tone which made him gasp with fear. Ye-es,' he chattered between his teeth. 'Is that a sight for the eye of man ?' she asked, sharply, ' Yet have you seen the ghostly thing. Beware of a black hawk, I bid ye I it will be your death I Go.' ' Just a word, dame. Yetell I yon oop in tower be no spectre;' he exclaimed, in a low voice, 'I have told thee so, fool?' she cried. 'Eb ! but dost thee know who be be, then ?' he inquired. She gazed at him fixedly for a moment, and then said 'Dost thou, Tubal ?' 'And he be not spectre, he t'young squire, who was at t'Hall when lhe last dead leaves were falling trom the branches,' he returned, and lowering his voice almost to a whisoer, continued-' It be he, dame, who p)oured a a barrel o'sbot at my breast because I tried to get pretty Vt'let, our flower of the Chace, out of clutches o'young Squire Cyril.' The old dame started back a step. 'Did he--he rescue Violet from you, and place her in the hands of Cyril Kingswood ?' 'Aye, that did he, dame,' replied Tubal. 'When I 'ood a lifted her oop, and carried her to tower, he oop with gun, an' covered me wi' it.' 'Knowing that he was consigning to the clutches of a designinig villain dne so young, so innocent?' 'Nay, hIe never stopped to ask or right or wrong, but he fired at me,' cried Tubal ex citedly. I have marks now: I count 'em at times loike, because it is a debt, dame, an' them be debts I always pay. The old woman's brow contracted. 'I see,' she muttered,'the rash impulse of youth to side with thie weaker party.. It was not wise, but it was bold and brave,' she said, as if communing with herselt. *Ay? an' if he be not Kingswood o'Kingswood, it be be who broke my head wi' gun-stock in glade, when I'd Cyril.Kings wood's weasapd beneath my 'ood-knife. Dost see, dame, I know 'un, and I'll make 'un know I afore I done wi' 'un. 'Peace,' muttered the dame, sharply. 'It isnot by your vile hand a Kingswood shall fall. Mark me l he is under my prqtection, See you attempt not to harm him I Go I' She raised her stick, and Tubal slunk gloomily away. She watched bim for a short timed, but apparently satisfied, she turned, entered the'tower, and made fast the door. Tubal did not intend to lurk about; he had an engagement to keep, and he hurried to the place of appointment. It was a small glade, enclosed with trees. He flung himself beneath a mass of brush wood, and lay concealed from sight. He had not been there bidden long ere his quick ear caught the soundl of a footstep. He turned his eyes and beheld Philip Avon approaching. As soon as the latter reached a spot within a few feet of him, he rose up silently and confronted him. Philip started to find him so close up to him ; but without alluding to it, said, in an arrogant tone 'Well, fellow, what more of the ghost about whom you babbled to me this morning? Is it made of flesh and blood, or of moon beams and mist,? Have you come to your senses yet-or are you still mad as a March hare ?' ' I ha' seen 'un again,' said Tubal Kish in reply, a maliciouS~grin spreading itself over his ungainly features. SWhat, the ghost ?' asked Philip Avon. 'He bean' no ghost,' muttered Tubal between his teeth. Hal is it so ?' cried Philip, quickly, 'Noa,' responded Tubal. ' A, do wish I hadea known it last noight; a' would ha' made 'un a ghost'before this more, I 'o~sd, thai I'ood.' TO BE CONT4INUED. 