TOE JEALOUS LOVEB. Between oor houee and Parmer Baynor'i lay two green meadows. It was eurioua DDOQgh to look 60T08B them Bod £68 tbl bright dark green of the gtaea in one, and Ibc mellow yellow (iota of the oilitc. Tttfl Crist, too, was dotted all over-with clover, pink and white, and only now and than a dandelion grew in the other. Between the meadows iay a alamp of trees and bashes, and an old-fashioned utile. Woen the moon wt>a high, and a round silver shield in the dark uigbt sky, I used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the lienor homestead. It wan long and low, will) dormer windows on the roof. It, ny oaanoe, L e&n; aligut in the one I knew belonged to fire Uiyuor's room, I thought my vigil wall rewarded; for 1 loved Eye Uuynor as knigalu in old romance loved their la., ies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I bad j never touched lier pretty band, or said more amn " good (Jay" as we passed on the road. { Our famihtd were nut on visiting terms, and i « never met thai way. Any otber young : leliow, smitten as I was, would hate : luuusged to know her batter somehow, liuc 1 made no effort to win my way to ber liking. My own fault, then, say you J Well, per bapu you are right, but true lovo is always a luuc fearful of iiseif. Your flirt in bold enough, but wheu tue heart is touched pratu I away flies confidence find vanity, and juu tay to yourself, " There'e nothing in me toliiu.-," or "She'll never look at mc; what ib the use of hoping ?" You nevidr saw her; and words oan't toll jcu jubt what she is. Go out into the g-.ii-'e.i and liild a lily among beds ol dahlias uuil Qatwu Margarets and Haunting poppks, ; tact yuu'll know how she looked among other girls. Find a peuri among shredB of broken gUssand pebbles,and you'll know what uiii; seemed to me in a orowd of other women. Once she dropped a red geranium out of her dark hair, aud I picked it up from tbe iijad by stealth, aud felt bull afraid In taucii it-it seemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when 1 went home-the moat sacred place 1 could think of. It is there 1 yet; two red-brown threads and something 1 that lookB like a orisp bit of scorched paper. ! That was coming from church one Sunday. : Tlie next, while I bad the flower against my bosom, and was sitting where I could see the lUynore' pew, which was under the gallery where tbe school-children sat, a clumuy imp uf a boy let fall his hymn-book over tbe rail- : iog. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and was beside ber and had her out | in the air in an instant, the old man and j woman following in a terrible fright. Sua [ name to in a moment or so, and blt<-r all not hurt, for the start, more than the ptiiu, had made her faint. Aud then I would have bit; but church was oat, and all goiug tome, and tbe old people would have me take i tea with them. They made a fuse about , my kindness, too, as though any brute oould j 'mve done lees when she dropped like a hurt | deer. 1 went borne to tea in the wagon, and I Eat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as 1 was that night. Well. the ice was broken, and with it, it seeired, an old feud between my people and the 11 lynore, about a triangular patch of ground, not big enough to build on, and too sandy to plsnc; and tbe old friendship sprang up ajiain, and mother and Mrs. H-.ynor took tea together, and chatted when tuey met. Ail I thought of was the ohance of seeing Eve the oftener, now thst we were all on visiting terms. 1 did eee her. In a month we were old friei.ds. . I did not dare think she liked tue .nucb ; but she obatt'd and laughed with mc, nid blushed when I looked at her, ae, good oanners or not, I bad to look sometime?; ?ind though I (vub blowi] and burly, with rent rod farmer's bandit and a vyi ij to much my size, sometimes I uHrd to iliiiik I'd plant my lily in ray heart's garden fOiue day, and wear my pearl upon my boeum for lite. You never would have guessed as I plonghtd in tbe pre&t; field, or tossed the totnled hay, or yelled to my cxen, the poems that were in my brain, under :nv shuck of jnllow hair, i've read many and many a poet hiuce then, sad none ever say of their l&dy-lovts; half what I thought about Eve ltiynor when I was busy at tbe humblest work. I beard a strain of music onoe, though, that said it all without a aiaglu word, c it eaamed so; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine iu the shadow. Tbera was some great man or other at tbe hotel, aud they were ser enading him. And I felt through her pn!m, hot bcavt boat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. Wo walked away after it way done, and I said when ad were out of bearing: "Eve Hi;nor, if yon ever osa-'e to love me, I shall die 1" and bent down to look into h r eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did ; I know no one lo -'ed more. One night, as I wag going bome (prayers were said at ten at the Raynors', and every one expected to leave at oncc), I met half way upon tbe road, which I bad taken because the lung spring rain bsd soaked tbe meadows into two green marsheB, a young man with a portmanteau in his hand, looking about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though be scarcely knew which path to take. He was, 1 oould see in the moonlight, very handsome aid dressed in a style not common in our c untrv placf. There was a flash of gold at .?.?>§ fob, and a glimmer of precious stones on lis ungloved hand, and su I came oea-cr, a I'.int parlnirw, such aa some girls I ko<!w oriught intoebnreb with them on thpirhaud mrohielf. He was a b'g fellow, too despite all !:cse delicate daintinesses of toilet, and bis 'o'ce was rlear end musical, but a thorough ?iiau'n voice, when b«i epoke to tne. "Can you tell me the way to tlii IU?nr>r Vrm-hou;e,sir? Itebould besomewhatclone it band, if iny memory serves me." "Straight on," I said; "the first louse you ooma to on the right; you can't niBtake it." " Thank you," said be. " I'ts only fair to tell you, however," laid I, "that they are all in bed by this time." He laughed. " I bsd forgotten country ways," said ie. However, ii my uncle won't IpI mo in. I'll imp on the porch, until morning. There . ed to be a famous porch, with an jld benub ou it long enough to repose a jiant." "It isn't-it csn't be little Ned Waref" iried I. " Not lifth. I" /.M'l h' , '1 v-et little any longer, bui ,\' ;1 Ware still. AtJ von 1' 111 am Tfteodore Brest 1" II We thajk ban da then. Years before !wo barefuT'teu country bjys- who had played u the woods togc-tber-friends, &b; boys will despite all family feuds. He was Farmer II iy nor'a nephew, endiiad, ' reniembtr, inherited eome property, aud een sent to a boarding-school. I could -arcely bs]>eve thst time bad altered bim so -time and eduo&tion;, and association with oliebed iucD. I went back with him to the Baynors', and aw old >-letpy Htpsiba admit him. Then I »ent hdrue. and all that night dreamed Grange, w,ii, jealous dreams of exquisite uths, mire perfect than mortal mac could >\ »ho Wufi E <e It ijncr from me. Ab, to 2 i j -mousy is an ill weed-oree plant ijiare > end to it. Tn-"' dreams came rom a (nought or two i bad hardly teen con. -sioue cf; and the tbooghts remained when he dreams were over. He was ber only oousin j but why should 'he be forever walking with him, talking to urn, smiling on him f Vfny should be sit bs dde hf r in chorcb, holding ber book for her tndainging with ber? Wby should be look lpon me aa a stranger and monopolise bar, or endeavor to when i came, aa I had ao good a rigu* to 110,10 spena ray evenings M the Iarn>>boasef Had ebe told Sim T Had Mj ol them told him o! out engagement? I doubted it. And be would be there the summer through. It eeemed to mel could not boar it. I had been' to happy since Eve promised to fee mine; now I was wrstohed. I grew moody, and est silent in her ptfesenoe, while be talked in bis own pleasant, brilliant way, making the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At laat I staid.away altogether for a whole week, I thought to pique ljer by that-to make be suffer something of my pain. I bore the absence from -ber one Sunday to the next Then, in the twilight bush of the June even ing I took my way aaroes the meadow. The Sabbath silence was on everything. The far ofl chiming of a ohureh-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the chatm. The ecent of primroses filled the air, and the dovee in the oote behind the house murmured musically. I opened the Kate, and entered. Beside the gate was a little ruBtio arbor, ehaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures. The first-Eve Rsynor standing, a white BlHiut], in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second-Eve Ray Dor caught to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate ory of " My love 1 my life)" Ere he unclasped bis arms, I stood before thorn. 1 called her by a bitter came. I Song at her feet the ring she had given me in ex change for mine. I said, 1 scarce knew what, in my lioiizy, and strode away, leaving them dumb and motionless. Half way aver the meadow I began to under stand whach&d; befallen me-as we understand great woes at last-and fell upon the long damp grass as thougti I had been shot. Long past midnight I crept into my bed room wiudow, and began to pack a few tbitigf in my carpet bag-linen, and a second coat; the Mtookiot' S knit by my old mother's bands; the little bible she had given roe, and my slender Btocu of money. Then, on s Borap of peper, I wrote this note and slipped it nndur my pillow: Pka/1 Motheii-Don't think hard of roe ' do not thinH I do not love you. You I are the only being I now love in the : world; but I cannot stay at Elms-I ' cannot breathe its air. Eve .Sivnor hae jilted me, and I should go mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if I ! 1 remain. j T shall take to seafaring life, I think, and : if I evv r find myself better of ray hurt, ( shall | come back to you again. I don't hope it, | thoui.'ii. 11 is ton deep and sore, | God bless you, and good-by. I i Tour loving son, j THEODORE BREST. Then I clambered out of the window, and j before I took toe blah road to the car depot, 1 I went to the dear old stile to if. It a the lac I look at Eve's heme, over wboee threshold, i in titt human probability, I should never pa* again. White as a ghost the moon scudded through gathering cloud-", white in her light my tin (arm hou«e, with its sloping toof ai>d dormei windows beyond the yellow fi-ld ; against th< background ol moonlit wall rope the clomp: of currant bushed, and the curved nuiiiim ol ' that rustic arbor. About ids ro'e dart elm and dank, thick grasp. On'y the .'ti p of t! stile was eilver-lit amid tiie fli.irio.vs. Ti.m Bnd the upper riog«e of the bar, and one kno' ol a dead oiui tree. I took it all utl up in my Itfart. I said : " Heaven forgive iitr I fie oau ncVi.rlovehoi a» I do I" and then 1 strode away toward tht stalion. It was two good miles away, but thu early train had not ariived when I reaohed the place. I tut down in the waiting-room ; but for shame 1 oould have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing of a bell-the soreair. of a wh:-,tlu. The train was coming. Th r was a oliHttf^inv without about sundry tiunk 1;8 unging to tivo old wom<>n who had jusi ro Li; up in a wbuon. and the door of tb~ Wiitint'-room wad flung open, and a iravullei wa'ued i.. 1 IMted my oynn, It was Ned Ware. Hi was aa pale au living man could b-, D jjiitn I i-i triumph, be looked wretched, H P»i:hiI ill- (1 n-r for a moment or so, aud then hi /riyf.l .>;! i luokfd at me. For tbe first tiirn in in . Iif« 1 wanted to kill a thing Gjd made M i-. I?; forgive me for it I W-. looked at each other in dead silence N"i In ote it. " W -ere are you going f" he said. ' W'nnl is that to yout foa insult not by upeaking to me. You have robbed me l*-e thai suftiee. It is dangerous to cpeak to ur? just now. 1'or Uve'a sake I warn you to leave me." " So 1 have robbed you ?" he said, with i sneer. " Yes. You know she was mine. I wart you again. Ge I" He folded his arms and looked at me. "I am going," he said. "1'tie bad within roe is struggling to make me go in silenct. The good says speak. I'll try to obey th' good, little ae there is of it. You are halt mad, Tneodore Brest. You have seen and beard with a jealous mun's eyes and ears l'uu are not robbed. 1 wish you were i don't deny it. But Kve fiiynor is yours not mine" " I saw her in your arms," eaid I. He laughed a bitter laauh. " Listen," he said. " I have only a mo meet; for I do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. You gave me a week I knew you loved the girl, but 1 lovod her also. I did my beet. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you wen ber betrothed husband, and that she care*1 nothing forme." Down the road otme the nhritking train ; the bell was clanging. He caught up -hie portmantitiu. " I clasped her to my heart," be went on. "It was a. mad thing to do; but it was an adieu, and against her will. Madman I go buck and .beg her pardon for the words yon eai.l I If she for^ifgg you, I would give a king dora to take yoarfkee. A kingdom t Bah 1 the world I " .Ml aboard 1" yelled a voice at the door. " You believe ine?" he asked. "God bless yon-God reward -yonI" I gracped. But he was gone ere I oould clasp bis hand. . I Dever forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note which I had written in frag ment?. 1 knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed since 1 was. a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve Bay. nor. She forgave the, She pitied atod under stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the summer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall end strong gather about our hearth at even tide; and.tbe eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his toother's velvet eyes, is named Eiward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that uohle ris&l; who, in hie own great grief, bad mercy upon mine. Two Parisian duelists, Saint Ceuve, -the grille, bud M. Duoois, the journalist, met to settle a little atfair of honor. It was a dis mal morning, and the rain (ell in torrenu. Saint Beuve insisted ntion holding nphis urn I brella as weil as his pistol, saying, " I am j quite retof to be kilted, hot I do cot wish to | catcbeold." B adversaries shot four limes j but neither was hatmcd, I A GHeaga minister, preaching on "The , Immurulity ol the Soul," st- pped to ihe ; front of tbe platform, and, levelling a fit* t at the congregation, eaiil: " Yoo may lote your wivea and get others; you may lose your husbands and get others; you may ioee yoor horses and carriages and get others, bat whan yon'lew ysnt aouli it's,good-bye, John." 