1 fV. , .. "".'""T Sermon for Sunday. The Looking-glass. By Rev. D&. Taluaoe. And ho mado tho lavor ot brass, arid tho foot ot It was ot brass, -of the looking-glasses of the woman assemtilbuc.— Exodus xxxviil. 8. AVhen the Isruolitos wore marching through tho wilddruoss, they earriod tbeir oburch with them. They called it tho tabernacle. ' It was a pitched tout : vorv coiillv. vorv beautiful. The framowork was mado ot forty-oight boards of aciiuiu wood sot iu sockets of silvor. , The curtains of tha plueo woro purple, liud sonrlot, and bluo, und lino liuen. aud woro hung with most artistic loops. 'Tlio candlestick of that tabcrauole bail shaft, and branuh, and bowl of solid gold, and tho figures of oheiubim hud wings of gold ; uud thoro woro lamps of gold, und snuffers of gold, (iiul tongs of gold, uud rings of gold; so that sueptioisin has soino- times naked, "Where did all thut precious mutoriiil coino from 'i " It is not my xduuo to solvo such u problem : it is only to toll thut they wore there) 1 wish no mbro ospooiully to spouk of tlio luvor that was built in tho midst uf that unoiont tubcrnuulo. It was a great busiu from which tho priosts wuslicd tlioir hands und feot. Tim water ciituo down from tlio basin in spouts aud passed uway aftor tho cleansing. This luvor or busiu wus murlo out of the looking-glusses of tho women who had frequented tlio tubonmolo, uud who hud umdo theso tlioir contribution to tho furniture. 'JL'hosu looking-glusses were not miul.j of glass, but they wero brazen. Thu brass wns of a vory superior quality, uud polished until it rcfluotod oasily tliu features of those who looked into it. Bo that this luvor of looking-glusses spoken of iu my text did doublo work ; it not only furnished tho water in whioh tho priests washed themselves, but it a so, ou its shining, polished surface, pointed out tho spots of pollution on tho faoo which needed ablution. Now, my Ohristiau friouds, as everything in that ancient tuboiiutulo wus suggestive of religious truth, uiul for tlio most part positively symbolical of (ruth, I shall toko thut htverof looking-glasses spolcoii of in tho text us ull suggostivo of tho gospol, which first shows lis our silts us in u mirror, und then wuuhes them away by Divino ablution. 1\. I liavo to say tiiut this is tho only qoking- glusM in wliioii a man can sec himself as lio is. There uro some mirrors thut flutter tlio features, and mako you look hotter tiiun you aro ; thou tlioro uro other mirrors that distort your features, aud mako yuu look worse tliitu you aro ; but I want to toll you tlint this looking-glass of tho gospel shows a man just us hu is. AVliou tho priests entered tlio uimiout tabernacle, ono glunco at tlio burnished sido of this Liver showed them their need of elouusing ; so this gospel shows the soul its need of Divino washing. "AU have siunecl, mid como short of tho glory of God," That is ouo showing. "All wo, like sheep, huvo gone astray." Thut is another showing. "From tho crown of tho head to tho solo of tliu foot tlioru is 110 iieulth iu us." Thut is auothcr showing. Tho world calls theso do.ccts, imperfections, or ccceulrioities, or orrutio behaviour, or "wild oats," or " high living " ; hut tho gospel calls thorn sin, transgression, filth — tho uboiuiiiublo thing that God hates. It was just one glance at that mirror thut inado Paul cry out, "Oh, wretched mail that I um, who shall deliver mo from tho body of this death f" nnd thut made David cry out, " Paige me with hyssop, and I shall be clean ! " and that made Martin Luther cry out, "Oh, my sins, my sins!" I am not talking about bad habits. You uud I do not need any Bible to toll us that bad habits aro wrong, thut blasphemy and ovil spouking aro wrong-. But I um talking of a sinful nature, the source of ull hud thoughts, as well as of ail bad actions. Tho Apostle Paul calls their roll in tiio first chapter of Romans. They uru a regiment of deuth encamping around every heart, holding it iu il tyranny from which nothing but tlio grnco of God can deliver it. Horo for iustauee. is ingratitude. AVho lias not boon guilty of that sin ? If u man hands usu glass of water, wo say, "Tliunk you"; hut for tlio ton thousand mercies that wo uro ovory duy receiving from tiio blind of God, how littlo expression of grutitudo : for thirst slaked, for hunger fed, for shcltor, and sunshino, and sound sleep, and clothes to wear — how littlo thuuks ! I suppose thero uro men fifty years of ago who havo never yet given thanksgiving to God for His goodness. Besides that iiigrutitudu of our liearts, thoro is prido (who lias not felt it?) — prido that will not submit to God ; tlmt wants its own way — a nature that prefers wrong some times instoud of right— thut prefers to wallow instead of riso up. I do not euro whut you call tlmt ; I um not going to quurrel witli any theologinu, or uuy man who makes any x>ro- tciisious to theology. I do not euro whether you call it " total dopravity," or something else ; I simply make too uiuiuiiuccment of God's AVord, affirmed and confirmed by tlio cxperiunco of hundreds of Christian peoplo : the imagina tion of tho hottrb of limn is ovil from youth. " There is none thatdocth good ; no, not, ono." AYo lmvo a had nature. Wo woro born with it. AVo got it from our parents ; thcy.got it from thoir parents. Our thoughts uro wrong, our ucliou is wrong ; our wholo lifo is obnoxious to God beforo conversion ; und aftor conversion, not ono good thing in us but thut whioh tho graeo of God bus planted and fostorcd. "AVell," you snv, "I can't boliovo that to bo so." Ah! my (lcur brother, that is because you liavo novor looked into this luvor of looking-glasses. If you could cutch a glimpse of your natural heart before God, you would cry out in umazemcnt aud alarm. Tho ytsvy first thing this gosiiel does is to out down our prido and self- sufficiency. If a man docs not feel his lost uud ruinod condition beforo God, ho docs not want any gospel. I think tho reason thut tlioro ure so few conversions in this duy is because tho tendency of tho x>i'enohing is to mnko men beliovo thut they uro pretty good anyhow ; quite elovor, only want a little fixing up ; a fow touohes of Divino gruco, und then yiiu will bo nil right— instead of proclaiming- tho broad, (loop truth that Puysou uud AVhitfield thundered to a ruco trembling on the verge of infinite and otermil disaster. 2\. 1 want you to notico that this laver in whioh tlio priest washed — tlio laver of looking- glasses— wus filled witli fresh water every morning. 'The servants of tliu tahornaolo brought the water in buckets and poured it into this laver. Bo it is with thu gospel of Josus Olirist ; it has n irosli salvation ovcry day. It is not a stagnant pool filled witli accumulated corruptions. It ia living wuter, whioh is brought from tlio eternal Rook to wash away tho sins of yostoi'duy — of ouo moment ago. "Oh," says ono, "I was a Christian twonty yours ugo ! " Tlmt does not moan anything to mo. AVliat uro you now 't AVo aro not talking, my brother, ubout pardon ton yours ago, bat pardon now — a fresh sidvation. If I wuut to find out how a friend feels toward me, do I go to the druwur und find somo old yellow lotters writton to mo ton or twelve yours ago V No ; I go to tho lotter thai: was stamped tho day before yostorduy in thu post ofdeo, and I find how lio ieels toward mo. It is not in regard to old communications we hud with Josus Christ ; it is communications wo liavo now. Aro wo not in sympathy with Him tiiis morning, uiul is Ho not iu sympathy with us ? Do not spoiul so much of your time iu hunting in tho wurdrobo for tho old, woru-out shoos of Christiuu profession. Como this inoraiug uud 'tuko tho glittering robo of Christ's righteous ness from tho Saviour's hand. You suy you wero plunged in tho fountuiu of tho Saviour's nieroy a quarter of a ooutury ugo. That is nothing to mo ; I toll you to wash now in this laver of looking-glusses, mid liavo your soul inado clean. 3\. I notice also, in regard to this luvor of looking-glnssos spolton of in tho text, that tho priosts always washed both hands nnd foot. Tlio water cumo down iu spouts, so that, without leaving any filth in tlio busin, tho priests wushod both hands and foot. So tlio gospol of Josus Christ must touch tlio vory extremities of our moral nature. A man ennuot fouoo off a small part of his soul and say, "Now, this is to bp a garden iu whioh I will huvo all the fruit and fiowors of Christian character, while outside it bIiuII bo the dovil's commons." No, no ; it will ho ull garden or _ none. 1 sometimes hour peoplo say, "Hois a vory good, inuu except iu poli ties." Thou, ho is not a good man. A religion that will not take a mini through un uutumn election, will not ha worth unytkuig to liiin iu Jutio, July, aud August. Thoy any ho is u useful sort of man, but ho ovorreuohes in u bargain. I deny tho stntomont. If he is .a Christian anywhere, lie will be in his business. It is vory oasy to bo good iu the prayer- moeting, witli surroundings kindly.undblessod, but not so ousy to bo a Christian behind the oountcr, wlion by ouo skilful twitch, of the goods you can hido a flaw iu the silk so thut tho ouatomor ouuuot see it.; It is veiy oagy to " '! - . . II »." ' I I be a Christian with a psalm-hook in your han't and a Bible in your lap, but not so oasy when you oan go into a Hhop and falsely i toll tha moroliunt you can get tlioso goods at a cheaper rate in unotlier store, so that he will sell tliera to you okoaper than ho can ufiord to sell them. Tlio fact is, tho rohgion of Oknst is nll-per- vusive. If. you rout a house, you oxpoot full pussossiou of it. You say, " AVhoro ure tha . koys of ihoso rooms? If I pay for this wholo house, I want possession of- thoso rooms." And tho gfuoe of God, whan it coines to a soul, takes full possession of a mini, or goes away and takes no possession. It will ratisnok every ' rooin in tho lieurt,- ovcry room iu the life, from collar to attic, touching tho vory extremities of his uuturo. Tiio priests washed hands- and feot. 4\. I remark, further, that this laver of look- itig-glussos spoken of iu the toxt wus a very largo luvor. I always thought, from tlio fsot that so liiauy washed thoro, and ulso frotn the fact that Sojoinon uftcrwnrd, when lie copiod that laver in tho Temple, built, it on a very largo scale, that it was lurgo ; and uo— suggos- tivo of tho gospol of Jesus Christ, und salvation by. Him — vust in its provisions. Tlio wholo world inay oomo und wuah in this lavor and bo cloim. AVlien our oivil war lmd passed, tlio Government of tho United Stutos mado pro clamation of purdon to tho common soldiery iu tho Confederate uriny but not to tho cluof soldiers. Tho gospol of Christ does not not in that way, it says pardon 1 for all, hut ospooiully for tho ohiaf of sinners. I do not now think of a single passuga that . says a small sinner may bo suvod, but I do think of passages that say a great sinner may bo saved. If tliera bo sips only faintly liiiecf, just u littlo tinged, so faintly- coloured tlmt you oan hardly soo them, tliore is no sporiul nnnlou promised in tlio Biblo for thoso sins ; Tint if tlioy 1id glaring, rod liko crimson, tlion tlioy shall bo as snow. Now, my brother, I do notstato this to put u premium upon groat iniquity. I merely say this to encourage thut mini, whocvor ho is, who fools ho is so far gone from God that thero is 110 mercy for him. I want to toll him there is a good opportunity. In Solomon's Teinplo thero wero ton lavers mid one molten son — this great reservoir in tlio midst of the Temple filled with water — these Livers mid this molten sen adorned with figures of pulin- branoli, and oxen, uiul lions, nnd olicrubim. This fountain of God's mercy is a vaster molton sou than that. It. is ttdornod not with pulm-branehca, but with tlio wood of the Cross ; not with nhortibim, hut with tho wings of tho Holy Ghost ; und nrouud its grant rim nil tho rnco may conio and wush iu tne molten sea. I was reading -tiio other day of Alexander tlio Grout, who, when lio wus vory thirsty and standing ut tho head of his amy, hud brought to him n cup of water. Ho looked off upon liis host, uud suid, "I oan not drink this: my mon uro all thirsty;" nnd ho dashed it to tho ground. Blessed he God ! thero is enough water for nil tlio host — enough for captains und host. "AVhosoover will may como and tako of tlio water of lifo freely" — a laver broad ns tho earth, liigli its tlm lieuvens and doop tis liell. o. But I notice nlso, in regard to this luvor of looking-glasses spoken of in tho toxt, that tho washing in it was imperative, und not optional. AVhon tlio priests como into the tubernuclo (you will find this in tho thirtieth ohupter of Exodus); God tells them that tlioy must wash in that laver or dio. Tho priest might hnvo said, "Can't I wash elsewhere? I washed in the laver nt home, and now You want me to wiihIi linro!" God snys, "No mutter whether or not yon havo washed before. AVush in this lavor or die." "But." snvsthe priest, " there is water just ns clean as this, why won't that do?" "Wush hero," nays God, "or dio." So it is with Iho gospol of Olirist— it is imperative. Thero is only this alternative ; keep our sins aud perish, or wash them away ntid live. But says someone, " AVliy could not God lmvo made more ways to heaven than one?" I do uut lmow but tlm tk Ho could liavo made lull f-a-dozen ; but I know ho nuidu hat ono. You say, "Why not havo a long lino of honts naming from hero to lioavon?" I cannot say ; hut I simply know thut thero is only one boat. You say, "Aro there not trees ns luxuriant as "that, ou Calvary? — muro luxuriant, for that liud neither buds liar blossoms ; it tviis stripped und burked!" Yes, yes; tliera lmvo been tullor trees than that, and inoro luxuriant ; hut tho only path to heaven is under that ouo tree. Instead of quarrelling hccause thero ure not; inoro ways, Jot us bo thankful to God tlioro ia one — ouo name givon unto men whereby wo can bo saved — olio lavor in which all tho world may wnsli. So yen see what n radiant gospel this is I preach, I do not know hew n muu can stand stolidly and present it, lor it is suoh an cxhilnrunt gospel. It is not a mere whim or cupricu ; it is lifo or dentil ; it is heaven or hell. You -come beforo your oltilfl, nnd you' luivo a present iu your liund. You put your liunds behind your buck, und say, " AVhioli hiuid will yon take ? " In ono liunil thoro is u treasure, iu tlio other there is not. The child blindly choosos. But Goil our Father dues not do tlmt way with us. Ho spreads out both lmnds, uud says, "Now this shall bo very plain. In that luind are pardon, nnd ponce, und life, nnd tho treasures of heaven ; iu tbat liund are punishment, nnd sorrow, utid woe. Choose, chooHO for yourselves ! " " Ho tlmt hcliovoth uud is baptised shall bo saved, but he that bcliovotli not slmll bo damned." Oil, my dour friends, I wish I could couz you to accept this gospel. If you could just take ono look into this luvor of looking-ghiGSes spolcoii of in tlio text, you would begin now spiritual ablution. Tho lovo of Christ — I dure not, at tho closo of my sermon, begin to tulk about it. The lovo of Christ ! Do not talk tu ma about n mountain ; it is higher tiiun tiiut. Do not tulk lo mo ubout tho ecu ; it is deeper than that. An artist in his drciuns saw such a splendid vision of tho transfiguration uf Christ tlmt ho nwoka uud seized liis pencil, und suid, "Let mo pint this mid dio." Oh, I lmvo seen the glories of Christ ! I have beheld somethiug of tliu beauty of that grout siiofitlco on Calvary, and I liavosumetimos folt I would bo willing to givo unything if 1 might just skoteh before you tho wonders of tlmt siiuriilco. I would liko to do it whilo I five, aud I would liko to (lo it when 1' die. " Let me point this and dio ! " Ho comes niong, weary and worn, His fituu , wot with fears. His brow crimson with bloud, nml Ho lies down ou ' Calvary for you. No, I mistake. Nothing wus us comfortable us that. A s:ono ou Calvarv would hnvo marie il soft pillow for tho dying Iiend of Christ. Notliiug so comfortable as that. Ho dues not lio down to die ; Ho stands up to die ; His spiked hands outspread us if to onibrnco u world. Oh, whut a hard ond for theso feet that liud travelled all over Judoa on ministries of increy ! AVhiita hnrd ond for thoso hands that had wiped away tears nml bound up broken hearts ! And that is all for yon ! Oh, can you not lovo Him! Como round this lavor, old and young. It is so burnishod, you cun see your sins ; it is so deep, you can wash the, a till away. Oh, mourner, horo bathe your bruised soul ; and, stole ono, horo cool your hot tomplos in tiiis Liver, l'cueo ! Do not cry any more, dear soul ! Purdon for nil thy sins, comfort for all thy afflictions. Tho black uloiul that hung thundering over Sinai has floated above Culvury. and hurst into tho shower of u Saviour's tears. 