Across tho Pacific; (By John Ploughman.) Part 2nd. Concluded prom oub Last, '■ on the voyage. : On Sunday, the 31st March, the Mormons held service in the saloon. The . text, was " Modern Revelation"_in .vliich they sought to show that all ministries are unavailing unleBS the ministers of such ore chosen of the Holy Ghost. After the service, whioh was well. attended, they made 4» collection, for the " Children's home in San Francisco" and, " The Seamen's Widows and Orphans" of Sydney. These people I take it have been much misunderstood.- Their establishment of a prosperous city in a wilderness has proved them to be eminently practical and the stewards of the Alameda informed me that they have no better class of people travelling with them. They are peaceful,, well behaved and always grateful for anything that i? done for them. On tho evening of April tho 3rd, Captain H. J. Morse, the commander of'the Alameda, gave a short lecture in the saloon for the benefit of such of the passengers who were shortly to land in Honolulu for the first lime. - It proved unusually interesting. The captain, who is well up in his subject and knowB a good deal more about the islands of the Pacifio than writers who wrilo about them, is a fairly good speaker 'and very humorous. Bis lecture principally on Honolulu supplied the passengers with a fund of useful information and took in the past and present history' of the Sandwich islands, climate, resources, interesting Bights and a graphio description', of the late revolution wjjioh ended in the overthrow and imprisonment of poor Queen LilianUalini. . ~: . HOPOllTU. The town of Honolulu on tho Oahu island, Hawaii is in Fat. 21deg 17' 51« N. long 157 dog 51' 48* W. 2265 miles from Apia, Samoa, and 2190 miles (nautical) from Sari-Francisco. Tho town lies close to the sea, immediately behind it being a . very picturesque moun 1 tainoas country. Thero is a.good deal of shipping done here, principally American, and altogether it is a very important. commercial placo. Before being permitted to land here the steerage passenger has to produce'proof that he is worth 50 dollars or has work to go to.—As tho wharf is enclosed in there is little : chance for tho moneyless stranger to get through and if he should do so he wbuld .be liable, if caught, to durance villi and a re- shipment. . I mention this f&ot; particularly as I: Jiave heard it gainsaid even in well intormed circles in Sydney and olsewhere Saloon passengers, and tho craw are exempt, the first because they,: travelling first, are presumed to have enough to pay their way, the second because^ thoy are subject to Navigation law's." The olimate of Honolulu is said to bo' healthy, and the temperature even and regular in wintor and summer. 'Sunstroke here is unknown., The town has very narrow streets, but this is rather a benefit tending to keep them shady and cool. There are a few fine brick buildings heroand the shops, for the most I part aro high and have plenty of Bpaee. . 1 visited the library which is a fine brick building in charge of a lady who kindly gave me a ,little information concerning the same. It huso bout 101,000 bookB,is divided into two large rooms about 30ft. long and 39 by 15 high. The placo was founded and is principally kept up by the giftsof generous donors, Bix dollars per year being the membership foo. The executive building and Palace in which' the ex«Queeri is imprisoned is a large stone building situated on tho corner of King and ■ " i ' Street. It is surrounded by very fine and well kept gardens, -through which,' though guards aro-kept at the gate, the stranger is permitted to,roam With delicious freedom.. 'Amongst the •. trees to be seen herd aro the'oocoanut,:' mangoc, banana, p^lra, pride' of ludia which is a fine shady treo'ahd makes good burning wood, and last but not least pur old friend tho eucalyptus holds a good , place and thrives well.1 Of. papers the town-has quite a collection. These aro the Advertiser, Hawaiian Star, Dailij-Bulletin, a-Portuguese organ, and a Chinese Uthographic process which entails a great amount of labour on the writers, 'l'ho manager, a very intelligent, and courteous Chinese kindly took me through the building and explained tho whole process. Owing to the difficult process they are only ablo to tjirn out 600 copies per week, though there is/afargreater demand. The .Chinese'are iiygreat,foroo, have a good corner of; tho town to themselves and in the main do the best part of all manlier of work. They ' aire continually coming _ and going, and a'.few days: before our arrival tho s. s. Peru; 11 days out from Yokohama, landed 003 Chinese and'b3 Japanose. : And this sort of thing is of constant occurrence. The natives here, like the Samoans, are of a fine, stamp, their attraoti've feature, >ai) in tho Samoans, bping the powerful magnetip eye. Thoy hayo pob yet recovered from jfche. exoitemeiit of the luto revolution, and I do not think will for some time,; The war briefly described resulted in :-j-Tho overthrow of royalty ropse". sented by Queen Iiiliankalini and the estab. lishment of a shaky "Independent Regublio" represented by President Dole, rought about tho imprisonment of the leaders for 35 years, and the arrest of about ' 800 persons, divided as follows—Prisoners of war 132, treason 8, conspiracies 141, ' minor offences 19. Honolulu, on -the island of Oahu, whioh is'40 .miles long by 28 widet . has a history before it. .. At present it is. ih somewhat the following peouliar stage:— Threatened with being swamped by Chinese, threatened, by rumour extending even to Sail Francisco, with an invasion by tho little : Victorious brown men of Japan, threatened withtho.displeasure of Great Britain, some of whose subjects.. its| Government is said lo have tortured and expelled. One feature in this torturo said to - be the plunging of the victim .in icy. cold water, another said to be the hanging of Chinese by their tails. However, it may turn out, I think, that Honolulu has trouble before .it; : .The Presidency is said.to bo poorly supported, Mr Dole find* ing„no doubt, that republican- patriotism is only "doled" out, and spies are.said {to be necessary to its existence to find out what he says, what she says and all about the Government. Honolulu is of sufficient shipping importance to be considered in the world's history, and no doubt will prove a bone over whioh; England, -.America, and the little brown inen of Japan may have a civil growl. The prinoipal scene - of warfare'in the late revolution was in tho vioinity ;of liiinond head,' a very 'prominent, loftjr eminence which attraots the eyb of all'trayelloro Hearing; Honolulu for the first titne. Of the army daring" the var I know tiothing, but of its present ariiiy the' amusing par,, clipped from one, of the local papers, will tell. " The standing army of Hawaii consists of.64 men, three of ^hom are^ ^generals I'l I" -The presont police forco consists of about 75 men, mostly native, but includes a mounted patrol of white men. The products of the island sire rice, • sugar, coffee, bananas and othet fruit, including the delicious mangoo. It is said that you can ride 18 miles through rice fields. , A good deal of the rarioh labour is done by Portuguese; .of whom there iB a great number continually coming under the contract system. Several, hundred of these were landed within a few days of the Chinese and Japanese. What a Paradise in the Pacific for the Australian labourer to come to when unemployed 1 While here a good illustration was given of the danger "that these people bring with them to all other white labour. . The head of a Chinese labour bureau went to the head.of the wharf labourers heresand told him that he could Bupply him with good labourers at half a dollar per day in place of one dollar, whioh was being paid to other labour. _ To the credit of: the man in charge be it said that he flatly refused. Now then you lovers of Chinese in Australio, bring them into your . country, 'which is pure ot them at present, when compared with the<!e islands.and America, and your children will find in time that to their presence they owe death to business, degradation' and poverty, . • LEAVING HONOLULU. Iieaiving Honolulu is the best part of it. Such a sight is seen on the departure of the rail boats from here, which make that event a novel and . interesting one- seldom surpassed.in any ehippihg port. About the time of ' the leaving on this occasion of the Alameda, down came several hundred natives and whites following the Government band of 23 performers. Soon there is bardly standing room on the wharf. Here and there ' amongst , the crowd are natives and'whitss wearing beautiful large cirolets of flowers, hero some chanting native songs, . here some farewelling, the band playing the meanwhile, the ship's sides surrounded with ' many oxpert young swimmers, her deok's bulwarks crowded with passengers eager to take a last. glance of Honolulu. Amindst all this excitement and uproar the majestic sea giant, quickly seta her great heart to'work; and slowly, slowly makeB the distanoa between herself and tho wharf greater amid ; the dying sounds of friendly cheers and homely melodies which sink in the heart of the ' passenger, who ■feels with emotion that as the musical melodies of tho band say in their dy ing notes addressed to the ship, " There is no place like home." Span ufter leaving .Honolulu, that is within a few ' hours, the heat, experienced between Apia and Honolulu, abates and after ,a pleasant run of 2190 miles, accomplished in 6 days and 12 hours, we arrive in San Francisco, the coming city of California, on Thursday the 11th April, at about 8 p.m., where after a little delay cjused by health examination, wealth examination',' viz:, the production of 30 dollars or proof of friends or work'to go toon the part of steerage'passengers; examination all round of luggage, the Jship iB emptied and the voyage of 7250 nautical miles is over — accomplished in 3 weeks and 4 days. Here I must leave your readers, and shall _give them a little later on * my opinionof San Francisco, which is said to be the fastest and most wicke'd city in.the states, pven by people living in it. During , the past 6 -years it is recorded that 160 murders took place within its boundaries, only one being exeouted and that one a Chinese. • A reign of terror has passed over1 the city. Murder,' outrage, robbery, mysterious disappearance occurring with alarming frequency. At present the whole population' of Sin Francisco is convuloed'by the terrible deed which was discovered on tho 12fch of Apri], the outrage and strangling of pretty Blanche Lamont, a member of'tho Emmanuel Baptist Church, and the outrage and stabbing) to ■ "death a .few, days after of poor Minnie . Williams, the murderer, j supposed ' to be, and at present standing his trial, a yonng medical student by. the name of Theo Durrant, also a member of the church. The : excitement is fearfully intense and cries' for justice loud showing* clearly that the majority of the good^citizens of San : Francisco have no sympathy with the asserted wickedness and miscarriogo of justice taking plaoa within its boundaries; The cits is a nrosressive. go*a«head one and well deserving a special account which I shall give your readers later on, without the prejudice that usually guides tco.wellfed Btrangers here,* or the false guide that naturally follows Americans all over the world who can see no. evils in their institutions and littfe go6d in any other. The truo;American, native born and educated, is on intelligent progressive: and qeutlomanly being, whom.it is a pleasure to meet, but they are not so plentiful as an Australian would expeot. The country has representatives in whitewashed parsons who after being here a few weeks claim- the place as their own, parrot the worst »ide and give tho strangerfalse notions of the country and tho people who are worth watching, for,'.their character is olearly triads up of two ideas : — Go-a head if you would make money " make money, if. you would go ahead." 