[?] The Disappear&ice; of Martin Fenwick. Br DICK DOHOTA 1 <- The belle of the London season of 18 — was ' beyond all doubt Mrs 'Gwendoline Fenwiok, a. young and Bingnlarly handsome lady, whose' age. was little more than a quarter of a 'Century. Her ndeitlon was a Rnnunshnt ' : extraordinary one, as it : was not? quite . certain whether or. not she was a wile , _ or a widow. For a . considerable, time, ihero had appeared in all. the London -dailies, as well as some of the country \- ones, and also in -many foreign papers, the following advertisement:- — " £G00 REWARD. — This reward will be paid to any one who. can furnish Information of the; present whereabouts' of Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwick, if living, or, if . dead, to any one who can produce undeniable proof of his death. The following' is a .description of the said Martin Augustus Reginald : Fonwiok:— Age about sixty two or : three, sallow complexion, small blue ."eyes, scant grey hair and beard ; height . five feet six ;, walks with a stoop ; cent gentlemanly in. .appearance; small "hands and feet ; dresses with great, taste and neatness; has a large and -prominent scar on the left side of the -neck and shoulder, ' the result of a sword-cut ; manner very reserved, with. . a preoooupied air. Is addicted to the . ..use of - opium. Address Henson, Borthwiok, & Nethersol,' solicitors, 10 "-. King's Bench Walk,' .Temple, London." . .. .Tho Martin Fenwiok' here advertised for was - the husband > of Gwendoline : Fenwick. He hadjnost - mysteriously disappeared abort aar before, and, in -Bpite of. extensive 'advertising and the ..offer of five hundred pounds reward, -not a trace of him 'hod been- obtained. After a year's sb'clusioh' his wife or widow reappeared in- society. ' She had -previously been well known in London as the handsome .. girl-wife.- of " Old . "Fenwiok,'.' ; and for long; had been ia centre of attraction; Her husband, who had formerly held a commission in' the army, and had distinguished him- > -self as a soldier, being severely, wounded in tho neck while on .active "service in ; -China, was known to be a very wealthy -man. He had been married twice before, but had had no issue. His trd - marriage caused much . -astonishment.. No one knew anything \- at all about, the lady but the fact, that i she was his i wifo .was a .passport for her . into the very best jranks of sboiety.j/for Fenwiok was wealthy, and he enjoyed tho intimate acquaintance of some very 'high people in the land. Therefore, the snobs and Mammon worshippers- woro ready to prostrate , themselves 'at ithe feet , of his radiantly beautiful bride ; and though, no doubt, -considerable curiosity was expressed to .know whence' she oame .and who she was,;' this curiosity was. not allowed to intrude itself unpleasantly., Gwendoline' Fenwiot was beautiful, ,. . . she was young, v she was rich, her .husband had made her so, it, was- rumoured that. he. had settled. a very "handsome fortune, on her. She gave, grsjnd': receptions and parties, and ,-thqugh there was a unanimity' of -... opinion, that hor education was not as pe£feot as it might bo, she was voted . clever, with a natural wit, and a power op fenoe which gave her a tremendous \ -advantage. And so whilo women — after their kind— smiled and fawned upon .- rher, :tooy said, bitter southing things .- : behind her baok. : But men; young and (old, paid her -.the homige they might ..lave paid to a demi-goddess. . ) "When two years had gone, society / was allocked, or pretended to beshooked, / "by tho Budden and mysterious >V ' disappearance of the. husband. For, hi" ..--some 'tune it had . been rumoured that young wife 'and aged husband did not .v-twRye if perfect oonoord and peace. It -was said that he was jealous of her, . and (hat she avoided him aB -xnuoh as possible; and' it was -farther said- that he had acquird the taste for opium.' In the autumn of the same year Mr and Mrs Fenwick went abroad,' and ' travelled through Spain. One day Martin Fenwiok went out alone, saying he was going for a stroll, and would not be long; but he never came boot again. He disappeared as effectually as if tho earth . had opened and swallowed i him, and every effort since', then to trace .(him had failed. At tho time of his disappearance they were staying at a place balled Andorra, in tho Province of Andorra, in the North of Spain, "and at; the fdot of the Pyrenees. The lady . returned home " discon-. solatb and broken-hearted," and'for- twelve months she virtually shut herself up.. At first the supposition was that Fenwick had wandered into the moon- tains and been murdered, but no proof of this was forthcoming. His strange disappearance," as . may be supposed, caused a sensation for a time. So as' known,- there was not the slightest reason why he should haye voluntarily absented himself, . and so' it was gener ally supposed that he had fallen' amongst brigands and been murdered for the sake of the property he carried about with him. . . ' Acting on this supposition; the the Spanish," authorities made, or pretended.to make, inquiries, but they resulted in nothing. That is, no trace; was found to! justify the belief in foul ; play. And yet it was ' most difficult to' understand, how, in the face of the reward of £500, Mr Fenwick had never been found ; for he was a distinguished- looking man',' and' the wide -publicity given to the affnirwould surely have led to his being recognised . by some one sooner or later. ' But mora than a; year had gone by, and not a sign appeared that he lived. And so, after her ..long seclusion, the very handsome and wealthy yonng widow once more took her place in society, looking, if possible, handsomer and more radiant than ever. The so- called society papers made much of the little incident, 7 She was spoken of in" terms of the most flattering ; adulation ; and she was the subject of a good deal of commiseratory writing,- owing to her ?' unhappy position,'! as it was termed. : Blessed with wealth, beauty, and yduth, she had to endure enforced widowhood. For while it appeared to be morally certain that her husband was dead, no scrap of 1 legal evidence, could . be produced to establish it. Neverthe less, one of the sooiety paragraphists ventured to assert, with the. audacity and- impudence , peculiar to "sooiety journalism,"' that there was reason to suppose Mrs Fenwiok "contemplated, entering again into the state 7of matri mony, in spite of the risk_she would run by so doing in the event 1 of its being proved that the first husband was still alive. . Tjiis penny-a-liner went further,; and said that the fbybred man was one of the gilded:youths upon whom fortune had smiled. His -name was not mentioned, 7. but he was' described as being singularly handsome, ; wealthy, .and the prospective heir to a baronetcy. Of coarse this twaddle was in keeping ,with the backstairs gossip upon which journals of that class live ; nevertheless, having regard to the lady's ' position, and the romance and mystery associated with her . life, it was quoted far., and wide, and was not oontradieted by the lady, her friends, or her legal adviser. Some few weeks later there called upon me one morning a lady who was no longer young. She introduced her self as " Mrs 'Henrietta Morrison," and gave me to understand that she was a widow, her husband, "General Morrison; having been dead some years. . . "My object in- ooming to you ie a somewhat straugo one," she began, and 'I confess. I .feel in a. delicate position; But I -may at once, .tell you .toat'I - am the sister -, of Mr! Martin I- Fenwiob, whose mysterious disappear ance caused such a sonsation little more than a year ago. -Perhaps I shall seem to you very foolish,? and perhaps you will smile when I tell youtbat twice I have dreamed in the most vivid way that my dear brother is' dead, and that he was brutally murdered. -But. putting aBide the dream, I feel absolutely certain .that he cannot be in the land of the living, or he would have . communicated' with me. We were : the only .parents of our' ehildren, -and all our lives have been most devotedly attached to each other. ; He 'f was one ; of- the most diligent of correspondents, andhemade me his confidante in most of his affairs. "You are aware, 'of course, that for. a long time, by means , of public, advertise ments, a reward bf/HSOO has been- offerbdfor any information about him;" ' 7" I am," I answered. . " And possibly you have seen an announoement lately that Mrs Fenwiok actually contemplates marrying again ?" " Yes, 1 have , seen that announce ment,- too; but probably it is merely vulgar gossip which some penny- a-liner has seized upon, or toe invention of a scribe bard up for copy. But ' surely,' madam, you ought to be in a position to .know whether it is true or "not, for yon are toe sister-in-law of tho lady ; whose name is so much before toe public.' " I ought to be, "but I am not, " she answered a-, little haughtily. " I have never been friendly with Mrs Fenwick, When my brother first introduced her to. me; I did not like her, and I strongly advised him against toe marriage. I pointed ont . that . a man of his years could not expect to' have happiness if he allied himself to a- young ond frivolous. " woman,, who was , almost young .enough to -be hie grandchild. But, of courae, he .'would not listen to me. Men are so pigheaded in matters of that kind, and Martin was fascinated by his syren, Of" course he married her, and of course his life was made miserable. "I do- not wish to . say . anything unduly harsh against Mrs Fenwiok, but I am convinced that she never bore her husband tha slightest love. ' She married him for his money, and, .his position, and, as was to be expeoted, she /soon grew . tired, of her. ancient husband. At any - rate . I know he' was very miserable, , for he was exceedingly jealous of her, and that was a canker to. his life. ? He frequently remonstrated with her for what he considered her light conduct ; and I. know that before they started on the last . Continental tour they had a serions quarrel, but he- assured me on the eve of the departure, that it had all been made up, and that in future Gwendoline wonld be devoted to him. . I was delighted to hear- it, though I was afraid it was too good to be true. ' " In toe letters that he wrote to me from abroad he expressed himself as being very happy, and ho > spoke most affectionately of his wife. Then his letters suddenly ceased, due to his: dis appearance, and since that day not a trace of him has been discovered. Now, sir, I know my brother too well to -suppose for a moment; that he would voluntarily hold himself aloof from all those who loved and respected him. Except the disagreements between him self and wife, there - was nothing in his worldly oircumstances to cause him the slightest anxiety. Why, .therefore, should he have taken himself off ? ' Why should he have remained away for up wards of a year and have sent me, his loving sister, ho sign that he is in toe land of the'living ? The whole circum stance ie so mysterious that I am deter mined now it shall be sifted to the bottom- " If Gwendoline Fenwiok is respon sible in any way for her husband's death eiie shall pay the penalty of her wickedness. And I want you to take the matter up, and do what you can to unravel the mystery." ; " Have you any reason to seriously suspect Mrs Fenwiok of being respons- . ible for her husband's "disappearance ?" I asked. ( "I don't like to make any rash assertion, or jump to hasty con clusions, -the lady answered. ..." and. \- God fiohbid that I Bhould do any one an injustice. But-'-I't'do consoiontioasly believe that my sister-in-law is'a hollow ; hearted ahd!worldly woman, I will say '? no more than that, at present." " ( ""What was her position before your. - . brother married her?" I inquired..' ." I really do not know. My brother was always very reticent on that point. , But I have reason . to believe that he. - first met her in Wales. He was down ? - there fishing, and was staying with some friends ' near Llanberis. He had not known her very long when he married her. Of her past history! absolutely know nothing." . ''7 . " Then I understand that you wish . me to try and. discover, your brother if 1 , he is living; and if he is dead, get.' , proof of how he died." ... "Yes, that is what' I wish you to : do," was toe answer. ' " But I am con vinced he is not jiving. Even if I wag not influenced by the dream which I ' . .. have dreamt twice, I should still find it most difficult to believe be is alive,- see- - ; ing ' that he has allowed a year and more to elapse without seeking to allay ? my anxiety." 7 7.?;'' " I have heard it said— and I would . . ask you if there is any. truth in toe. rumour — I have heard it said that your/ brother was addicted to the use of : opium." ' , . - ' " I don't beliove it," answered-' Mrs - Morrison, with a strong display of in- dignation. I believe it to bean abtolute,- ' downright falsehood. At any- rate,. I never saw anything in my: brother's -? 7 conduct which would justify mo in thinking that it' was over possible ho : . would indulge in. such a pernicious. . ' ' habit." " - ' " . . As I saw that , she felt strongly on - this point, I did not question iq>r ' further, for after ?all it had no .very . great bearing on , the point , at issue. And as I had become very interested in the case, I promised her I .woiild accept . , ; her commission and exert myself to get , at the truth. , At this time Mrs Fenwiok wa, occupying a mansion in South Kensing- . too, and living in 'grand style. She kept quite a retinne of servants ; and- ' having emerged from her seclusion, I learnt that she: was ' holding .receptions' and giving " At .homes, "..whioh: were said to be hlmost princely in their lavish hospitality. I felt it desirable from many points of view that I should know ; something of the lady's history before : . ; 'she was married, so I obtained from Mrs Morrison the address of the people with whom her brother was staying at: Llanberis -when .he .first met his wife.' They were a Manchester family, and .V only" occupied their house in Wales . daring a portion of tho summer. ; . I was enabled to discover them, how ever, and I learnt-ultimately that Mrs ' Fenwick was a Miss Wilson, and she oconpied toe position, at toe time Fenwiok met her, of companion or V. attendant to two young ladies, sisters, and both invalids. They were staying at Llanberis for their -health, and had 7 ' gone toerelrom Gloucester, whore they, resided. Ry dint of following up some - ' i slender clues, I found out. this Glbuces- ter family. ' One of the young ladies was dead ; the other informed- me that . . Miss Wilson had been recommended to ??' her mother by Lady Templestowe. .So ' -77 to Lady Templestowe Iwent. She was _ _ .'. a- philanthropist, and kept a homo .for . respectably-connected orphan girls near . Birmingham. ; It appeared that Miss, Wilson was the ; \ daughter of an artist, who died when ; , \ ; she was a baby. Before she was twelve she lost her mother, and being without ;' any means of support, toe case was . brought under' Lady Templcstowe's notice. - She interested herself in the 7, .the girl, and took' her into the home,; ; 7? where she had frequently had bcon heard to say it was the dream of .her life to be rich. She was eight years , 7 with Lady Templestowe, and during ' that time, if her conduct; wns.npt'per- feot, there were no groundsV?fpr any/ ' j serious 'complaint' against .Her. She : was considered to be vain, and ambitions beyond her station, and laoking somewhat in sincerity. / - > , 1 With thia groundwork to go upon, it "waa oasr to build up a thrilling Utile >.-/ ' 'romance of real life. Miss Gwendoline. . Wilson was an iinusually pretty girl. 4!h6. j . old1 soldier saw her and . was smitten, with hor charm. Undeterred by , the ih'advisability of May and Dcoember . ' mating, ho. married her. She saw in this' marriage the means of realising, to somo eStSnt at any rate, her longings , and tispiratidna. And from relative , - poverty she wiis- suddenly raised to a position of affluence. It was not ' , diflioult to imagine that (very soon she found the society of her aged Husband: ' pall: sombwhat. An old 'man . may. , . worship a young woman, but it is hot' . often the young woman worships the old man when the bond of matrimony ; . linka them together, and our human. ; story is full of records ol pathotio . ' misery that has arisen from youth and age joining themselves together in wed: lock. lh Fenwick's case therp ; were . dissensions qhd disagreements, and the happiness of' husband, and wife was. v clouded; The lady, being in the hey- . day of her youth, wanted liberty ; ' the ; . man objeoted. In this possibly was 'to ; be found the. key " to the husband's un- aecountabledisappcaranco. ' _ . : Having learnt so much of each of the. u 'yporsons concerned, I felt sure 'that Martin Fehwiok 'waa no longer in the ... ' 1 land of ' the living, Why did I think .i", -. i '.vsb ? may be naked. It is not always good to give reasons for one's opinions, -.but. in this instance I may say my reasons were based' upon the logical : .' aspect'' of the affair. There was' no ..v reason whioh one could think of or devise which would seem an intelligible v one to aocount' for Martin Fehwiok . deserting his wife, and keeping ' out of ; the way of everybody who had known :"> him. If he had fallen ill anywhere; .'01 if ho had met with an accident; if 'he 1 ; i;'- had suddenly had been seized with V r . insanlfy and " was. detained in some asylum, information would- surely have . been, forthcoming during the year that had elapsed.- It was impossible to think " ' of him as living unless he had volun- v ;tarily hidden himself, and there was not a ghost of a reason why he should . have done that. Besides, if such had bqpn the case, he must have had means to liv6 upon. ; And I ascertained that ' .'his banking account, - which was very large, had not been drawn upon since he left for the Continent. ' No; Martin ... ' -i Fcnwick was dead. I felt as sure of . ; that as I felt sure of anything. And what Ihad to'determine was . - First— When did he die ? . Second — 'Where did he meet with his . " jend? 'V >,«. . . Third— Was his death the result. of ' natural causes or -foul play ? ! Fourth—What, had become of his .'V- -body? \- ' . - These were problems I set myself to , ,, 'work out; and though si considerable .... 'time had elapsed since Martin Fenwick's " / disappearance, I was saingnine enough -.to believe that I should succeed ultim ately in clearing away the mystery.' " To bo Continued. 