discourses agreeably on the various sobrces from which the dramatist obtained his ideas of fairies and other Bupernatur&l; beings. Mr. Poultney Bigelow continues his interesting narrative, " The German Struggle for Liberty," relating the events that followed the battle of Jena. In reading his account of the incapacity and cowardice of the Prussian officers, who handed over to Na poleon fortress after fortress without making the slightest attempt at resistance, it is diffi cult to believe that these men belonged to the same race as the Germans who crushed the French at Gravelotte and Sedan 25 years ago, and still retain in their iron grasp the provinces they then tore from their hereditary enemy. Some fight, however, is thrown upon the fact when we read that the 19 members of the military council at Magdeburg, who decided to surrender that great fortress to the French, counted 1,400 years among them, or an average of over 70 years each. The King of Prussia, too, was utterly devoid of all the qualities required in a ruler at a great national crisis, and the only member of the Royal family who showed any spirit and patriotism was Queen Louise, of whose noble and devoted efforts to obtain some concessions from the conqueror some interesting particulars are given by Mr. Bigelow. A charming and hitherto unpub lished portrait of the unfortunate queen is given, being reproduced from a miniature belonging to the ex-Queen of Hanover, and supposed to represent Louise when she was only 17 years of age. A further instalment is given of Mr. Julian Ralph's entertaining impressions of China, illustrated by his travelling companion, Mr. C. D. Weldon. Judging from these, it would senm that the Celestial Empire is almost as fine a field for the traveller and artist as Japan. " Grpat Caesar's ghost,"exclaimed Mr. Weldon, "this country was made for artists, and 1ms been lying here thousands of years waiting for them! I never dreamed of anything l»ke it. Why, it's a mass of blues, orange, white, and grays and notice how finely all the lines compose!" Other illustrated articles are on the "Cracker Cowboys of Florida," by Mr. Frederic Remington, the artist, and "Roundabout to Boston," by Mr. W. D. Howells, the novelist, who gives some interesting reminis cences of the American men of letters whom he met in his early days. Cosmos for September contains more fiction and less sketchy matter than previous num bers. It opens with an illustrated article on Sir Julian Salomons, Q.C., the clever and successful Sydney barrister, who in 1SSG was offered the Chief Justiceship of New South Wales, and allowed Sir William Windeyer (who resented having a diminutive man put over a big one) to bounce him oat of the position after making up his mind to accept it. Thet instance of timidity will always be remembered against Sir Julian. Mrs. Bright skims over it lightly. The picture of Sir Julian Salomons in bis chamber, but for the footnote, might be mis taken for a likeness of William liede Dal ley. Mr. Stanley Adam discourses upon " Some Australian Characteristics." He thinks climate is telling on character. " In -Queens land, for example, especially in the northern districts, neither the mental nor the bodily activity of the people is as great as it is in this colony (New South Wales); we, in'our turn, being less energetic than the Victorians, who, again, in the judgment of many keen observers, are the intellectual and physical inferiors of the New Zealanders." The three most hard-working judges in Australia, Chief Justice Way, Chief JuBtice Griffith, and Mr. Justice Harding (just dead), do or have done all their work in the most trying climates in Australia. If men can work hard at intellectual employment in Brisbane and Adelaide, where docs the influence of climate on mind come in 7 That heat tells on the digestive organs, and causes Europeans asa rule to ran to thinness, may be accepted as an obvious trnism, but men do not require -to be fleshy in order to be Intellectual. At the same time, Mr. Adam's pap 2r contains some interestinR remarks intel ligently put. Mr. J. B. Mills writes about Broken Hill,a topic thathas lost its freshness. Mr. R. L. Nash, who understands the bimetallio question, and can think for him self, answers in a short paper the remarks made in a previous number by Mr. W. Alison, who, though president of the Bimetallio League of New Sooth Wales, rarely does anything but serve op other people's opinions In the 'form of dry hash, spiced with petulance which is entirely his own, as Mr. Max Hirech shows in the current issue of the Sevkumf Beoiewt* U The Bevieto of hevtewa for August 20gives the portraits and biographies of the Supreme Court judgfes ofGueenslandl one of whom, Mr. Justice Harding, has just diedin foil' harness. As showing Mr. Justice Harding's' faculty for work, it is stated that- . .*-Wben acting as Chief Justice, in the absence of Sir Charles Xilley, he carried on the business of the Supreme Court single handed, «s Mr. Justice Fang was obliged to ask leave, of absence just then through ill health. Taking the routine of one week in illustration, the judge hastened to Too woojnba on circuit on the Saturday, sat from' Monday till Wednesday, hurried back -to Brisbatie by Thursdaji for the Court sitting there on that day, ana finished die week by another rush to Ipswicjh and back. When Sir Cbarle^Lilley returned be found that fell, ne duties of the Supreme Cottrt had been performed without any accumulation' of ?? arrears. ...... .... Banking #nd ?B^V^ln.'ApstralMia^lK title of anT#a^e gi vtnl WhiSto^t link ing frotalfcetetliest iiiOT'inMell^Wrne/^r. W. F, A. R06lct^, wli6'aI6te5 as agetft of this DerwentBabldng G6m$shifc ot Hotlrfc, wsb the* piotafeer. . He openbd the" ag&iQy; 'on firsfIfif Aurtr&lasiti;, %hfch o|feiie»i on ^Aujiuit *58, i8S8/; SaS»Vt : *>i tbetJnibn, wbich b^ia at. bouSio *M^ydlaey inl^9. 1 office. Theifeweio of Jieviewa sontainB (be usual larne variety of magazine extracts and aummarieB. 