DAYS OF CRIME . . ... -st : ....... AND YEARS OF SUFFERING An Autobiography, \- ' CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continued) " After I had been in tlio otneo a xew days, Mr. Sawyor had obtained through mt) at least half a dozen payable uaBos, and in recognition of my zcnl ho sorit me in a stock of flannels mid socks and Milton's ' Paradise Lost.' Mr. Palmer, too, soon urged me on to business." One afternoon, when we were in tho office by oursolves, lie carelessly said, 'The turn key's cook is going out in a day or two, has anyone applied for the billet ?" ' I am not awaro, sir, I answorod, ' but I'll inquire.' Ho then naked me if thoro wns much money in tho gaol among tho prisoners, and I told hiui that tliero was. He mndo 110 other romark ; but I under stood him, nnd shortly afterwards I made . my appearance in the labor yard I soon found n moitoyed applicant for tho billot, and tlia next morning I placed £5 upon Mr. Palnior's desk, pinned to a piece of papor upon which wAs written, ' Sainuol Lewis for turnkoy's cook, and Samuel Lewis, I need hardly say, with such a recommondution, obtained the appoint ment. ' The noxtmorningnpoundnoto with tho words ' James Donaldson — interview with wife, who will call to-day.' Tho wife called, and the interview wns granted. It would bo utterly impossible for mo to recollect a tithe of tho cases in which I thus introduced mou to billots, or wives to men, and tho casos that I moution nro only in illustration of tho system. Tho billets were in themselves worth about £.5 a-weok, and two or throe pounds always found their way to Mr. Palmer's desk for interviews in addition. !4 But the business transactions of Tipton Ghol ramified into far nioro profitable directions. Let mo cite one particular caso which I woll romcim- bor, because there was some inquiry made about it afterwards, but without anr effect. "A prisoner named lliomns Jauuesou v. is convicted of harse-btculing, und smtenccd to seven years un the roads. He had in the bunds of the gaoler when convicted the sum of £40, which sum was duly entered iu the ' Prisoners' (Jasiibooi;,' and should liars keen.. lifter conviction, handed ovor to tho shurill for his ad judication. Instead, hoivovcr, of this Licing done, I have ait interview with the mail, and explain to him that his money is forfeited to the Government, but that if he likes to sign an ordur fur its pay ment, as if given before his trial, ho shall have £20. 'Tho man jumps at tho otfur, and rlie older is written iu tho following form : — " Tipton Gaol, November, 10. IS—. " To tbc tiovcruoi- of tuts Gaul. " Sir. — Picaw pay to my friend, Mr. Simon Edwards, the sum of £20, being uiouey of mine iu your bauds. " Thomas Jamieson. " Witness, — David Gieou, turnkey. " As tho man was convicted on thcloth November, this ante-dated order is good authority to pay away tho money ; and then, to make all sure, aud to prove that tho money is really paid, therucoiptis en dorsed upon the order. " Sometimes these orders wore made payable to Mr. lawyer, and Mr. Sawyer wasaccomiriodatiiigenough to receipt thein pru junnu. iu cases ot this kind, about Halt the amount muncu in the ordur wu3 left for mo 011 Mr. Palmer's desk to hand to the prisoner. Tho order-system was a most profitable Bouroc of income ; but Bouietiiucs losses wore incurred throu«h tho dishonorable conciuet of tlio rogues whom Mr. Palmer's discipline failed to imbue witli correct principles. I recollect well 0110 heavy loss that occurrod. There was a man in the gaol named Ponton, who was in tlio 'committed' yurd awaiting trial. At tho house where ho hud been lodging he lutd loft hiB box, and in tiu'B box there was nearly a hundred pounds. At my suggestion Fcnton gave the gaoler an order to obtain the box and bring it to tho gaol. Every precaution wns udoptcd to give tho affair tho appearance of a ' squaro ' transaction. Tlio sheriff was incidentally iuformod of tho circumstance, and tlio'ordor to obtain the box was duly witnessed by tho free clerk of Tipton Gaul. The box having been brought, nnd tlio cash safely deposited in Mr. Palmer's handB, Mr. Sawyer was then sent for, and obtained, legitimately enough, £30 for tho man's defence. Mr. Sawyer's per missive eloquence had so operated upon the mind of Fenton that he iiover thought for a moment there was any danger of his being convicted, and consequently ho left the money which remained, with Mr. Palmer. prepared the instructions for counsel myself, and after consider ing all the pros and cons of tho caso, I certainly was inclined to think that Fenton, though undoubtedly guilty, would manage to escape. Tlie sequel proved that my logic and Fenton 'sexppcta- tionswere equally falso ; for the jury found him guilty without any hesitation, and tho judgo was equally prompt in pro nouncing upou him tho sentence of ten years on tho roads. Tho man had nearly £G0 roinaining in Mr. Palmer's hands, anil for this, which really, after his con viction, belonged to the Crown, I gave him five £5 notes, he of courso signing tlio anto-dated order for tho payment of tho whole amount to somo imaginary person. 1 really tlijnk I liavo a genius for business. "What a pity that I cannot provnil upon somobody to start 1110 ; I'm suro I should make a fortune astonishingly quick. Hero is an inatanca of my keenuss iu seeing an opening for the cxtonaion of Mr. Palmer's policy, BO as to secure a monopoly of profits. Tho prisoners whoso money- orders we negotiated on such very liberal torms invested the greater part of tho sum which I always sojraciously handed to them in tobacco. For this luxury they paid £1 for a pound— purchasing from the tumkoys.. As Mr. Palmor's confidential agent could I, my dear reader, see this outrageous wrong committed and bo silent? Could I passivoly behold every turnkey in the placo' most audaciously nnd unscrupulously appropriating profits which wore the lawful duos of my own worthy master? No, no; I'maroguo, 'tis truo, but it was not in mo to stand calmly by and see this great wrong done. No wondor, than, that one evening the prison gates opeuod to admit a cart, and then from that cart were transferred two kegs of tho very best Amorican tobacco. ' No wondor that I packed it away carofully (Mr. Palmer looking on with benevolent complaocncy) in the lower part of 0110 of- tho office book-prossos. No wonder that bv selling it at lis. a pound I very Boon obtained tho whole custom of tho gaol, so that eventually, for an order for £20, Mr. Paltnor did really and jruly givo dJioutjiOs. - - — - ;--j- "But _ onterprise bogets" competition,! and originality leads' to imitation. Thue it was tliat a fellow named Rough, under sentence to two vears, took it into his head to do a little agoncy business for a more ordinary turnkey,, and was fast pocketing all Fenton's cosh ; and what was moro ombarras8ing still, was getting quite familiar with the 'mysterios' of tho esta blishment. It therefore became im perative to romovo Rough, and Rough was accordingly removed to another gaol. Some few days aftor Rough's removal, very early one morning a letter was brought to the gnol gates, addressed to tho sheriff. The letter was brought into tho gaol office. I took it from tlio turnkey who handed it in, and as soon as I glanced at the superscription I walked over with it to Mr. Palmor's dosk and aaid — ' Rough's writing — dangerous.' , Mr. Palmer made no reply. Ho looked at the letter for a minute or two, and then, placing it bofore me, walked out of the office. I know woll enough without being told what I had to do, and so, with out any hositation. I opened the letter and read it. As I oxpoeted, it contained a tirade of abuse agninst myself, and along, 3tatemonb inreforenco toFuutou'a money. I copied tho heads of tho letter, aud then enclosed it again quite artistically. Mr. Palmer shortly returned to tho office, and I placed my oxtrncts before him. He was quite bewildered as to the stops to be taken, and suggosted tho advisability of burning the letter, I saw this would not answer, for if Rough heard nothing. more of hie communication lie would be apt to speak to tlio Bherilf on his first visit, and this migiit load to awkward inquiries. I thoreforo advised that the lotter should bo loft at the sheriff's office, along with a lot of other papers, beforo the sheriff arrived, and then the sheriff would not be in the least aware that it had ever been seen in gaol at nll._ As I uhvays protended to tho prisoners in malting bargains with them that thn monoy was kopb in an iron safe in the office, of which I possessed a dupli cate key, and that it was I who was run ning » desperate risk in taking it out, Mr. Palmer's nuine was never mentioned in any bargain that I made with Fenton. If, then, Fenton should bo called and ex amined by the sheriff, I saw clearly enough that if even ho told tho truth (as the truth seemed to him), the sheriff would dotoct a lie upon the very face of tho story. The balance of money pro- parly due to the man was entered in tlio prisoners' caslibouk, and Mr. Palmer would of course say that I10 still held it, to be disposed of as tho Government might direct. Just what I had anti cipated really happened. Tho sheriff, in tho course of the morning, came down to tho office, and told me to go out for u few minutes, as ho wanted to speak to tho gaoler. Out I walked accordingly, and in a low minutes Fenton was sent for. Ho was in with the sheriff for some minutes, and then tlio sheriff went himself awuy, and Fenton was locked up. Fenton's statement was (to all uppoaranco) so evi dently a fabrication that the sheriff wouldn't listen to it. I am not sure, but 1 believe Rough was punisliod for making a malicious statement. The only evil re sulting from this fellow's officiousness.was the loss of the money. " I am happy, however, to bo able to assuro the reader that, through my admirable arrangements and vory judi cious management tliat these lossos occurred but seldom. Pardon this self- laudation ; it is really my dun. " 1 believe Charles Lamb was not only a veiy good author, but a very good clork into tlio bargaiu. But, nevertheless, as n rale, litorary aspirations and clerical duties don't vory well harmonise. I do not assert that a literary clerk has of necessity a tendency 'to pen a stanza whon ho should engross,' bub I know from my own experience that it is vory difficult to bo correct in making out accounts when there exists in tlio inind any tendency to tho poetic. Everybody knows tliat I linve mathematics enough to pass an exami nation, and yet somehow in chut Tipton Gaol I never could bo correct. " It was the practice of tho gaoler to purchase on behalf of tho Government, for the use of the establishment, wood, lime, Ac. Tiie vendors of tlicsb com modities, so long as thoy got the monoy for which they sold, wero perfectly willing to Bign anything. I cunnotsayliow it happened that I was aiwayB extremely busy when ever any purchuse of this kind was made, nnd whon the vondors entered the office to sign the voucher which had to bo for warded to tho treasury, I used (being in a hurry) to say, ' Hero, just sign it blank ; I'll fill it in afterwards,' " What fatal mistakes I used afterward to mako, to be bui-o. If it was a common cart-load of wdod thatcost thirty shillings, whon I caino to mako out tho account I was almost certain to remember it as a waggon-load, for which thrco pounds had boon paid. If twenty bushels of lime wore purchased at five shillings a bushel, under the influence of some chronic dis order of die mind the transitc.ion figured in the account as thirty bushels at seven and sixponco. Tlio receipts appended to thtso accounts hnd.to be witnosscd, but as it was so very troublesome to be culling someono into tho office every now and then for the purpose I allowed thorn to re main until there wero sovoral. which ro- quirod witnessing, and thon Mr. Palmer introduced a turnkey, who was unable to read, but who could write his own name, to witness the payment of tho monoy — not tho actual payment, but just what happenod to be written down, nnd then, after obtaining the sheriffs signature to the accounts, Mr. Paimer walked off" to the trensury and received tho monoy. " All Government business, as far as T am acquainted with it, appears to bo done in a munner which seems to declare plainly enough that every officer in thesorvicohas a tendoncy to bo dishonest. What a vast amount of clerical detail, what duplicato and triplicate returns, what signing and countor-signing, what auditing in this office and chocking again in that, and yet how really impotent are all these oxpen- sivo safeguards to guard against rasoulity when rascality is resol'vod upon. I should like to know who, among tlio host of offi cials through whose hands Mr. Palmer's accounts passed, over discovered the fact that Mr. Palmer wns doing the Govern ment brown. " Another profitable source of income wasthotransfor of prisoners to other estab lishments. Thoro were Borne places to which the prisonors liked to bo sont, and others which they wero anxious to be kept away from. Tho power of Beleoting tho men was in a great measure in Mr. Pal mer's hands, and I must say that this power was always exercised with the nicest discrimination, for the right man was Buro to go to the right placo, which assertion simply signifies that the man who could pay was sent to the place deemed good, and tho man who could not. pay to the place reputed to be bad. " In connection with these payments I liavo to deolaro. a fact and to relate an anecdote, \- " First for the foot. It was of ton assorted by certain malevolent-minded -persons that Mr. Palmer was aproud man. This 1 deny. It is true that he had an air of dignity poculiar to himsolf in the manner in whioh ho transferred to his waisteoat-pooket the '£5-notes which I was accustomed to- place j upon bis desk ; but I doelaro_ most' solemnly, that bo humble wns be in the ostimate ho formed of his own value, that he always received with a thankful spirit tho modest offoringof half-a-crown. It was with fear and trembling that I at first ven tured to present so insignificant a sutn for his acceptance ; but tho great good man smiled benignly upon tho gift, and proved! his merit by his modesty. Am I not right, thon, in declaring that Mr. Palmer was not a proud man ? " Now for the anecdote. There was a new establishment to bn opened in tho vicinity of Tipton, and Tipton Gaol was to transfor to it somo thirty or forty pri soners. Through my agent, the barber, thiB news was very quickly disseminated' through the prison ; aud on the day aftcri its promulgation I proseuted myself in tho; labor-yard for tho purpose of receiving' tenders. I asked ouo if lie could cook, an other if he could look after a horse, a third if ho understood waiting at tablo, and thus, without any direct assertion of mine, it was understood that I was Booking fur . men to fill the billots in the new prison. ' Candidates innumerable presented them selves, but 1 told tliem they wore mis taken ; all I could promise was that they - should bo sent, and as to being placed in a billot, why they must tako thoirchanco, though, as a matter of courso, those who went first would doubtless bo selected. L was in tho yard something less than an.' hour, nnd on leaving it Ihudthonamosof/ twenty applicants, and tho sum of £40 in my pocket. Tho mon were all Bent, and ten other nnmos were also inserted on the list. Among those ten names was the namo of Aaron Dutch. This name was seen by the harbor, who used to swoep the office out, ar.d ho vory naturally told the man he was going. Aaron was a cute < fellow, and so he thought ho might be able to work a dodge. He sent to mo to say that I10 wished to speak to mo. I accord ingly went to tho iron-railed gate of the yard in which I10 was confined, and culling him to is asked him wlmt he wauled. He said ho wantod mo to send him with the other men to tlio other place, and that ho would give me £3. Ho took a £5-uote out of his pocket and asked mo if I had threo sovereigns to give him. I directed him to wait a minute, and back I wont to the office and obtained tlio money. On re turning to tlio gate Aaron still had in his hand thu £0, and as I passed tho threo sovereigns to him he passed the noto to me. Without looking at tho noto I placed it boforo Mr. Palmer, who was sitting at his dusk, but when he catno to look at it; he found it was only a worthless flashi noto. I was terribly vexed at being out-| witte.d, and although Aaron's natno wns in the returns, I determined to mako them out again and substitute another namo for his. 1 first wont, to him and told him that stonc'3 wero being broken at a shilling a yard in tho gaol, and that unless he handed' mo hack tho muncy lie would bo detained! in Tipton Gaol tinr.il I10 had broken sixty yards of stone. IIo only laughed at mo,; aud said ho know vory woll that his name' was second on tho list, and that I10 wa3' going without payment at all." Tho balanco of my friend's Tipton Gaolj experiences I must reservo for nnotkeri chapter. CHAPTER XXX. prison jiysteries (continued.) "I returned to Mr. Palmer, and re lated to him what tho fellow had said, and I represented tliat it would, in a business point of view, bo very impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead1 othor men to think that, after all, payiug didn't seem in tho least necessary. With Mr. Palmors' concurrence I sat up that night and made out a frc3h return, in which tho nuine of Aaron Dutch did not appear. " Tho vory day the men woro oallod out it so happenod that tho sheriff visited the yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis appointment, complained to the sheriff that I had threatened to keop him in the gaol nnloss ho pnid mo £5 to bo sont oIbo- whoro. Mr. Palmer was present, and ho informod tho sheriff' that I had nothing to do with tho selection of thu mon, qb he always mado tho list out himself. The slioriff took no liotico of tho complaint, and Dutch was not sont awuy for acme weeks. ' ' I have now to speak of an ovonb whioh grieved mo very much. It soon became know to tho prisoners that all busiuuss I had to bo done through tho ' clnrk.' if a man wanted a visit from . a friend, tho ' clnrk' was appenlecl lo. If a billot was required it wus tlio ' dark ' who was feo'd. If tliero wus any money in tho offico it was tho ' clnrk' who wus spoken to nbout it. In brief, ovory kind of crosswork that was required to bo done hod to puss through the hands of tho ' dark.' . " One day a incssago caino to me from a mini named Batty, informing mo tliac he would givo mo fivo pounds to send him to another station. 1 immediately went to the man and assured liim that on receipt of the monoy I10 should bo transferred. Ho told mo that lie had no monoy with: him in the prison, but tliat lie would send word out and got it. He accordingly sent a noto to some girl with whom I10 had boon living, directing hor to givo tho ' chirk' of tlio gaol £0 to have him (Batty) sent to somo bettor placo. This noto was delivered byadischarged prisoner; and the house at whioh it was deliverod was a brothel, Tlio girl, aftor reading the note, throw it clown upon the tablo. A fow minutes aftefwards tlio dotuctive polica bad occasion to pay a visit to tlio brothel, and ono of them took up tho note and rend it. Seeing in it Lhat the gaoh ' clnrk' had to bo bribed, they determined' to make tlio experiment themselves. With this view thoy got a porson who was not known at tho gaol to stop the free clcrl: of Tipton Gaol ns lie was leaving for home, and mitKo him the oiler of £S if ho would sond Baity to another es tablishment. " Thu Host morning the free clork asked mo (lie know very littlo of tho business himself) it there was a man of tho namu of Arthur Batty In tho gaol. I told liim that there was, and ho then asked me if I could oblige him by insurting his name in tho noxt list of transfers. 1 an swered tliat I/could oiiBily do it if ho wished it, "No more was said. I thought in my own mind that Butty's frionds hud arranged with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as tho man had a large family, that lie had tho opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was u vory gentle manly man, and was not in any way con cerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., althouglvboing shrewd, he judged that things wore not exactly on tho square. The ttaxb morning the freo clork entered the gaol offices as pale as al ghost. He was vory much excited, and' walked backwards and forwards in tho offico without speaking a word. At last, turning to mo, he said—' 1 am completely ruined ; what my poor family will do I don't know. God help me ! I'm an unfortunate man,' XO BE CONTINUED, What's tba extreme penalty for bigamy?! Baked u man of an eminent lawyer( who 4Wi«8(Lu".3'"»,-«>lher8-jii»law." 