SHROUDED IN MYSTERY ; OR , WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY ? CHAPTER XXVIII. By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Dicker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life," “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron ?" “Sword and Lance,”- “Police Minister,” &C.; (ALX 1UGUTS RESERVED.) All parties were in fact placed in a somewhat embarassing position, for Lancelot Leigh was shy to speak on such a subject without encouragement, and both,Mr and Mrs, Radcliffe, though'not knowing how much ho knew, were afraid to broach it, for fear of unconsciously admitting something that they would muoh rather keep secret. . As an excuse for what, may seem un feeling conduct on their part, it must bo remembered that the Cairlisl* postmark' •on the letter that had contained tho bank draft assured them of the perfect safety of their daughter long after she must have parted from Leigh, and that be could therefore tel It hem nothing of very much importance. He, of bourse, did not know this, and I so . presently his feelings got the better of I him, and he could restrain himself no longer. “ _ * 1 Well, Mr Radoliffe, 1 he then said/ it is a good old fashioned hospitality that forbids asking a tired traveller questions before he has refreshed himself. Bat Fra j now qaitfl refreshed and therefore entirely at your service.* Old John then felt bound to say some*, thing, and it took the form of ‘ And .you saw her, and she told you She had set out to come, home, but that her courage failed her, and she couldn’t face me. Well, I didn’t wonder at it/ ‘To err is human, but to forgive divine. Isn’t it a pity, that she- didn’t give you the chance of being divine T ‘/Well, perhaps it is—perhaps it is, and really I might have forgiven her if she bad came home, and—and promised to I wholly'abandon that scoundrel 1 'whom she ran away with and married. Nothing would have induced me to forgive him of: course. But where did you meet my—' my—my poor girl—and ;where was she, going r . ■ ‘ I came across her, Mr Radcliffe, on foot—only think of'.that^—and lost on Roolqy Moor, to the north feast of Shuttleworth Hail. It was bright 1 moon light, of,I should never have seen her, and .as'likely as not she might have perished 'before' morning. I • thought at first she was Rose—indeed ! felt quite sure of it, and I called her Rose, but she made answer * I am not Rose—I am her miserable sister, Ruth—Rose is by this time married to Sir Harry Howarth, and the mistress of Olegg Hall. P am loth busbandless and homeless and I dared not supplicate my.father’s forgiveness, though I have been within sight; of his very door.’ I don’t think she would have told me all this bad I not at first insisted that she was Rose, and refused to be convinced to the contrary. She then seemed to make the admission in self-defence, and to bo most anxious that I should hplioyo them, as of course I did. 1 then asked her whore she was going, and she said she was making her way to Scotland, where she' was sure of a good situation. She also told me she had plenty, of money to defray her .travelling expenses thither, and wbeo I asked 1 her if thrife was so why she was on she made answer'that she had 1 ridden from Manchester to Rochdale,, but that i while looking across the river- at *hor old home her hat and veil bad been' blown into and borne away by the stream, and tfaak^he-did not theh da're to return to the-iinn where she had left her horse lest she should bo recognised and detained until they sent for youj and indeed she seemed to have a.great-and intense drexd for you, sir.’ .* ‘ It was without rhy me, sense or reason, •then,’snorted old John, ‘and after that 1 suppose you parted ?’ ‘No, no;- I was not So heartless and callous as all that. I insisted: on her mounting ray horse, and ,1 walked by her side across the Moor and 1 all the way to 'Hoslingdeo, though to be sure it was only a. trifle of four miles. Then I ensconsed .her in the best inn, and as -they are customers of ours, and know me well I knew she would be. cared for there,, sol left herewith the advice that as she had so much money about her—four .hundred pounds ! believe, aod I suppose her -little allV-she should henceforth only travel by day light, for that highwaymen were as thitok as crows all over North Lancashire, and Cumberland, and wore neither - very merciful nor very polite. Well, Mr Radcliffe, I did leave her then,and so I’ve nothing more to dll yon ; nothing at least of any consequence.’ II And wo thank you fnost. heartily, MrJ Leigh, for befriending outv poor girl—we | do indeed—aye, even more gratefu’lyj than for the saving of our own lives, but there cannot be tho slightest doubt shut that you pre?erved them; In fact those were the first words that John uttered as be came down the stairs,’ I 1 / This from Mrs Radcliffe, but her spouse retorted grumpily ‘ Begging your pardon, but I said Jem after you’d sent me that cropper on to my nose/' - Tljen be added a! little more genially, ’’* Wety it was all true enough,, and I am aye, downright,grateful . to you, Mr Leigh, for both services. Most folks . think me an old Jjeari,;but, my growl’s a ! Jflnjh .ft, Jaite,. and,. had- my . poor girl come homo she would have*bad the growl first, there’s no .doubt of that, but I it would..haye ended up with a regular bear’s hug, and therein all would have! beemforgiven. :<8o now, my dear sir, fill y°u r felfu]5 another; globs of' brandy, and water,. and/as jfar,. as ;shp Js concerned, makeiyourseliquito comfortable with my assurance that she w|lb do very well in, P shall in due time find put to what part sho has gone, ;and j maybo write her a kind and fatherly letter. /L-hon 1 , Fra not quite so inhuman, as -you thought I was, am 1 nefw !' ,,■”£< • ; But before Lancelot Leigh could make, \- ;any answorito the evidentlyeagerquestion *. Mr Radcli fib’s face underwent a kind of spasm, and he fell from his choir to the floor as suddenly as though he had been shot dead. / .Mrs;Radcliffe was in a terrible ;fright, and wanted Lancelot to run for a doctorj bflt the young traveller assured heri that; there wasn’t tho least occasion for alarm, Husband was only in a fit, and -that a'loosening of bis collar and cravat, a 'lifting of his he.H<l, and,a sprinkling of,his 'face with cold ‘water was all that he re' »quired» • . , - ‘ Bub J ohn has never had retorted Mrs Radoliffe. ‘ Ah, but there must bo a beginning; to everythin?,’ answered Lancelot, as ho set about performing what ho declared was '•necessary lb be done. <r looks a likely subject for fils, and of strong brandy and 'water tmstjafter that.stone struck him on the P’e (and by'George here’s a lump as ns a pigeon’s egg there) are quite suffi cient to account for one.’ By this lime old John’scollar and cravat wore both off, and his face had * received the recommended sprinking as well. , ‘ I do believe he’s coming round,already’ then exclaimed young Leigh ‘See he’s trying to speak to us, Mrs Radcliffe.’ . . Not .only did he try to speak but he did„speslk and his words took the form of no good—it’ll all be found out. Aye, it’ll be a pretty kettle of fish in the end. Such a lie hasn’t a single round leg to stand on.* ‘ I think, sir, that he is coming round, and that you’d better go if you please—at once. loan ■ manage him admirably, f thank you, and am notab all timid of being left alone with him,’ exclaimed Mrs Rad-* cliffo nervously and hurriedly, afraid of her ,lifo what might' be muttered j next in tho presence of a comparative stranger. ‘Oh certainly, ma’m,’responded Lance lot, and ‘ shifting the still unconscious man’s head from off his lop on to a stool he was op his feet in a twinkling and holding out his hand to bid Mrs Rodoliffo ' 1 ‘ Would you like me to knock up the doctor as I go? I shall bo passing the doors of two or three.’ ‘No, thank you ; as you believe that one isn’t needed it would be no use. Good night, Mr Leigh—good night,’ He could see how anxions sho was that he should be gone and having nothing of the Paul Pry in his nature he at once picked up his bat and whip and hurried towards the door. He was nob destined to leave the room, however, for just as his hand closed upon the handle Mr Radoliffe stuttered ou(t:— ‘ He knows that ’twas Rose and not Ruth., The fellow isn’t such a fool as he looks. He has only called to pump us, and next thing he’ll do he’ll disgrace us. A pretty pair of daughters—a pretty pair of daughters. Disgrace and ruin !’ CHAPTER * XXIX. He spoke as a man speaks when in a dream, and with eyes wide open but void of all intelligence. Mr Radoliffe’s unconscious confessions, or rather half confessions, had the effect, however, of oausiog Lancelot Leigh to at once return to his side. , He regarded the unconscious man with flashing eyes and compressed lips for a moment, and then turning towards Mrs Radoliffe, who by this time looked as whitens any ghost, he said:— 1 It is no idle cunosiiy that has pre vented me departing, madam, bub I care enough for your daughter Rose to risk being called impertinent oud inquisitive, and I do not now -intend to leave this room until- thoroughly convinced as to whether she has. been'persecuted or other wise driven into the extraordinary course which she seems to have followed, and which 1 should hpvor have deemed her capable of taking, well, as I thought, I knew her.’ J ‘Oh, Mr; Leigh, believe me that the matter does not at all concern you,' and that Rose acted entirely on her own free will.’ ‘That’s just what I require to bo convinced of, and vague assurances will utterly fail to do it,* answered .Lancelot. ‘ Will you lako it for granted that a mother must know what is best for her own children ‘ In nine cases out of ten 1 suppose that a mother does, but very often a timid wife acts under the coercion of a husband, and 1 would nob at all like, to say that y.-mrs,would know what was best for a ohild—for a daughter especially.’ ‘ But you have only heard meaningless ravings. Ho is nob responsible for his present utterances.’ * Bab a sleeping man —or a man in a* fib always tells the truth, when he happens to apeak, at all.’ ‘Then stay until he recovers and ques tion him, bub do nob try to r make me res ponsible for his words.’ ‘Wore the matter less import I would scorn to do so, but I love your daughter Rose as I love my life, and if she has been sent as a scapegoat into the , wilderness laden with the sins of others while perfectly faultless herself (and it would take very strong evidence to make me believe her otherwise) I shall insist on her being, recalled, and on. everyone bearing his or her own burden. I could see that she was terribly depressed and cast down the whole dark and dreary four miles that I walked by her side across Roqhiy Moor, bub when sho per« sisted—aud io me—that she was Ruth I believed that sho was Ruth, and know ing something of Ru th’s history X ceased to be surprised.’ ‘ It is shameful that you should expect me to reveal the most 'painful family secrets, Mr. Leigh.’ ‘ I neither expect nor wish anything of the kind, I am curious about Rose, and Rose only. r 1 know how tender hearted and unselfish she is, and consequently bow easy a thing it would have been to in duce her.; to suffer for others. But it is most cruel and unfair that she should so suffer, and.if I can prevent It she shall not,’ ‘ Well, Mr, Leigh, you mast argue the matter with my husband when he recovers. I can say no more. ’ ‘ Your husband will be in no safe condition to . argue such matters for days to come, apd the matter is one that will not bear holding over, for so long. If yon refuse to enlighten me as I .request to bo enlightened, my natural, and as I believe in this case excusable, impatience, will compel me to call to-niorrow at Olegg Hall, and question LadyHowarlh, who I can now suppose to be ,nono other than your daugb tor—Rutb.’- ‘ Oh, Mr. Leigh, for heaven’s sake don’t do that. You can have no idea of what mischief you might occasion.,’ ‘ Then why nob provent it by telling iuo yourself what I , wish ; to know, and in short will know ? I have no earthly desire to make mischiofi and ns Rose is very dear to me it would be a strange thing indeed.if I wanted to persecute or injure either her sister or her, parents. All the same I won’t have her suffer at all -eveotS'too deeply, for thoir faults:’' : : ‘Alas, I seem ta have no resource open to me hut to placo full confidence' in ; you, and then trust to your for bearance.’ ; I ‘ You shall never regret doing so, and Mr. Radcliffe has closed his . eyes and become calm pnd atill again, as though ou.purpose io ; afford you the opportunity. You ’needn’tibe (he.,.least bit alarmed about him, for I’ve- known people in such fits for throe or- four hour?, and we’ve done everything that can be done to re» lievebim.’ - v - I will tell you all, Rose saori 6ced herself to, as she thought, save.her sister’s life/ 4 Her life? That is hard indeed to comi prehead. How could her sister’s life have been in. danger f ‘ Her infamous and abandoned husband' inadvertently poisoned himself, and either because ho was too selfish to die alone, or for some other reason, accused her of being his murderess. She fled in alarm of what might bo the consequence of such a charge, and came straight Home arid told her sister of the terrible peril in which she was placed ; when Rose,taking an equally grave view of the situation, and not caring a Rush for the man whom she was on the point of marrying for our soke—I mean her parent’s sake—urged upon Ruth, that they should change places, declaring to her that she would save her from endless misery by doing so. Hose then departed, leaving, her twin sister in her stead, and, X.suppose, throw her sister’s hat ond veil into the stream, and left her horse uncalled for at the Yorkshire street inn, in order to cause officers of the law to believe, if they tracked Ruth hither to arrest her for her husband’s murd<r, that she had committed suicide in the' river, or been accidently drowned while attempting to cross it by the Wishing Steps.’ ‘ Good God, what a terrible, what an appalling narrative. And did they come —the constables, I mean.’ ‘ No, the supposed dead husband came instead. The doctor whom Ruth had sent for ere taking flight arrived in time, to save him from the consequences of his drunken blunder, and lie arrived here, alas, in time to see her who supposed her self to be his widow marrying another man, for, ns she believed her life’s pre servation’s sake. Owing to the wonder ful likeness between the sisters he was not quite sure ’twas her at the time, but while she and her husband were driving to Ologg Hall, ho, in the guise of a footpad, stopped the carriage, and by. the persua sion of a levelled pistol forced her to bate her right shoulder, thereby revealing a scar which he himself had inflicted on her in one of his savage furies. He has since made Mr. Radoliffe pay him a thousand pounds for keeping her identity a secret, and, until he drinks himself to death, there is every fear of his becoming our annuitant to that amount.’ 1 Then, after all, Rose’s sacrifice was a vain and useless one, and she is free to returri' home whenever she will.’ | ‘ 1 wish it were so, and that she could come home,, but our greater fear is lest Sir Harry Howarth should find out the imposture to which be has been subjected and Rose’s return wou'd render such a discovery still more probable. Don’t blame her too severely, for* the deadly peril in which she believed that her sister’s life was placed made her at the. time regard such an imposition as a very venial fault, nor can you wonder that poor Ruth, believing herself to be a widow, eagerly seized upon such a way of escaping out of her great peril; while ray husband declares the girls- were such a perfect pair that, so long as ho never' dis covers, the change Sir Harry can suffer neither hurra nor wrong therethrough. Of course that is more sophistry, but such sophistry is, all that we have to quiet our consciences with, though in our self dcferico I must add (hat. neither Mr. Rad diflb nor myself were parties to the fraud until after it was perpetuated, for, strong© as it seems, even I, 'their mother, could never wiih any certainty distinguish one girl from the other.’ * You hove told roe ambst strange and astounding tale, Mrs. Radoliffe, but I believe every, word-of it. Rose’s sisterly love and devotion fully atone, in my opinion, for any fault that she may have been guilty of in their exercise. All that you have confessed to mo I will lock up in my breast as an inviolable secret, but os your daughter Rose is still single, and in two or three days will be of full age, and consequently her own mistress, and as, moreover, I have every reason for believ ing that she. still loves me, I will by no means promise not to attempt tojdiacover whither she has flown, nor that I won’t use,every, endeavor to make her.my wife when 1 have found her.’ ‘That will moan to bring her bock to Rochdale, where her reappearance might b6 disastrous to us all V ‘ Not necessorily back to Rochdale, by any means, and something must be risked for her happiness and—my own.’ * X. would cordially endorse that opinion if I ooly dared, but X am but* a woman, and being pulled two different ways.’ ‘ I am a man, and will not bo pulled any way; but T will go northward in search of Rose toMnorrow.’ ‘ Don’t bo rash. Your business interests may suffer.’ ; ' Let them suffer, when heart interests are at stake.’ ‘ If you will ,take my advice you will act; differently, and, in all probability, succeed much better.’ ‘ Well, Mrs. Radoliffe, I’m not.too proud to receive advice, but I won’t bind myself tp take it.’ • • , ‘ ‘ The advice is that you will stay where you are, and attend to your daily duties until ! boar from Rose, tolling me where she is. If you were to start for Scotland without such inforn'ft'ion, you might be weeks, or even mom us in finding her, and when found in all probability you would have no home to offer her, for you ; could not expect your employers to keep your place open in the brewery for so long. At present, however, I can’t loll you whether she intends to go to Edin burgh or to one of the Scottish provincial towns. I know positively no'.hing.’ I ‘ Honor bright, will you lot'me know where she is directly you have obtained, the information V ‘Honor bright I will, and whether my husband approves,of it or no. But there we are both of us in your power.’ j * I will beg you to forgot that. You may rely on me, Mrs, Radoliffe os—an, in fact, I roly on you. . ; < : ■ [ ' Hush, ho is coming round. I’m sure he is coming-quit© round , this time. Ho looks moire natural.’ . * He is coming round; and, and conse quently, I am going off. 1 I shouldn’t loll him, worn I you, that ho .has boon making any embarrassing, admissions. Ho will never suspect it unless you inform him,’ ‘.Then rest assured that i will not. Yes, I think with 1 you, that you’d better go. Good-bye.’ ,, So Lancelot Leigh said good-bye, and this time really’went, and as, bo quitted The Wood,, and hurried on towards his homo, he muttered to himself— . ‘What will nota woman do for those she loves 1 But,Scotland is not a safe country 1 for her to bo wandering about and friondy less in. I hope she will fall into no danger.’ f ■ . ■ CHAPTER XXX, When Mr. Radoliffe. bad recovered' the, full possession of his faculties he didn’t ask what bad become of Lancelot Leigh ,or about anything ol&e;, but expressed a. desire to go immediately to bed, arid when there insisted on having a stiff ,night cap, having qadflfed which ho wont at once to sleep. , • / 1 The* next morning, however, be found himself top ill to get up, and a doctor being sent.for, and on arrival told all of the incidents of the preceeding night, he .declared that old John was suffering from a violent shook to thosystero, which,work ing-on d drink shattered constitution, * might, or might not prove dangerous,, but he couldn’t tell with any certainty just yet. So he was bled and leeched and blis tered, according to the custom of the period, when patients were perforce made to knock at death’s door, and then allowed to try and dodge him around the corner us ho opened it, of which heroic treat ment 'the medico wrote out a certificate that ho was wholly unfit to.be present at the inquest that at. ten o’clock was to bo hold on the poor girl who lay dead in limbo. Ho bad been formally, sub poenaed to attend as a .witness,while many thought that he would leave it as a pii soner, for ’twas not everyone who had heard Lancelot Leigh’s, address to the rioter?. , Even Mrs. Radcliffe was glad rather than otherwise, that her husband was too ill to be present thereat, though in point of fact she need have had no apprehen sions' on such a score, for, an hour before it was hold, a poor woman came dnto Rochdale from the neighborhood of Little borough, laboring under great distress of mind, and ou purpose to view the body. When she saw it she was just .barely able to recognise it, by the torn and mud coated dross and the initials worked on the under linen, to bo that of her daughter Rachael Rhodes, who had been missing from home since the sudden rising of the river, and who she believed must have fallen into and been swept away by it while on her road home along the northern bank after dark. Her appearance and testimony gave the coroner and jury an easy task,., and a verdict was almost immediately brought in that the deceased, Rachel Rhodes, had met her denth through misadventure, and that-very afternoon, though not before it was high time, her body was interred in St. Chad’s churchyard, for it would not bear removal to her native parish. Of course after the inquest was over and the full particulars thereof bad gob , about, even the most obstinate and the [ most prejudiced absolved Mr. Radcliffe from all blame, though, truth to tell, many a man had been hanged for wilful murder on far slighter testimony of guilt. But meanwhile where is Holcamus Greenwood and what has he been about ? Mr, Radcliffe had foolishly thought that it was he who in wanton mischief had set Tosspot and his companions upon him, but, in point of fact, Halcamus had had nothing ] whatever to do with the attack on The Wood, for ho felt not the slightest desire to cook the goose which had just laid him such a magnificent golden egg„ and who, he was sanguine enough to hope, would lay a similar one for him every year. Far from feeling in the mood for misx chief of any kind, his one thought and desire was to get back to Manchester with his spoil as fast as over bo could, and knowing that it would bo a rowdy night in Rochdale, and if.he was recognised there by anybody he might ho subjected, to even rougher horseplay than a few mornings previously he had suffered In 8t. Chad's churchyard and under Packer Spout, while in all probability he would bo,robbed during tho process, ho went straight frohi Tho Wood to tho Flying Horse Inn, and, a quarter of an hour later, had loft tho town behind him. He .thought bioisdf a very prudent fellow for so doing, and frequently indeed chuckled over his sagacity in the matter, and over his forbearance in not taking more than a single glass of brandy and water while bis nag was being saddled for him. But in point of fact, and as he within an hour discovered to his bitter sorrow, ho hod merely jumped out of the frying pah into the fire, for scarcely had he left the low squat tower of Middleton Church a couplo of miles in his tear, when in the centre of what 1 was then a desolate common, he, was overtaken by a couple of mounted men, who imperiously ordered him to ‘stand and de’iver !’ Halcamus Greenwood’s reply was to drop the rifins on his nag’s nook, and, quick asjighining, to pull a pistol out of each holster and present them at his oppo nents, who seemed to bo armed only with heavy riding whips. But they laughed loudly at this hostile demonstration, and one of them said'’ tauntingly, ‘Fire away, lad, there’s noth ing in ’em but powder and paper—the bullets wore: diawn in the. stable of the .Flying. Horse while you wore away calling on old- Radcliffe. We guessed that you hud gpne*to blood your dad-in- law, nod so we thought we’d in turn bleed you. What’s good for the goose is good for tho gander, you know,’ and thereupon they urged their horses to within striking distance of him. ... Halcamus Greenwood . fired bis two useless weapons in the hope that the dame and smoke and noise would render his assailants’, horses unmanageable until ho could whip a third out of his coat pocket, namely, thp little double-barrel which he had carried ..with him to overawe Mr. Rad elide in case his rage should prove stronger than bis prudence. Bub the result of this ruso was that he frightened his own steed even more than the highwaymen’s, and it commenced to rear and plunge in so frantic a manner that to get at his reserve pistol, and at ;the same time maintain his seat, was a matter of sheer impossibility. Vainly he dug his spurs in»o tho mad dened. brute’s flanks, for it continued to paw tjie air with its four hoofs, and lash out with its hind ones, instead of running away, as its rider so ardently desired it would do, and in half a minute more the two highwaymen, whose manners and masked faces were,the solo token of their :profession (if, indeed, they wore anything morn than amateurs therein), had edged their nags,near enough to strike,;ono on either side of their perfectly i helpless ‘victim. j The blows of their lead loaded whips were simultaneous, and. both of them taking effect on Greenwood’s head, ho dropped to the ground like ( a stone, his horse then, when too late, dashing off across’ the moor as fast as ever it could tear, him.slqnnod and insensible among itlio gorse and 1 heather. . The two highwaymen quickly die* mounted, and while one hold the horses,; the other rifled Greenwood’s pockets,This, companion, however, watchinglum keenly the, while.. , v. i ; ; ,They seemed to bo delighted with their find,, and . oho remarked to the other, 1 Mate, this repays us for our four days close watch over biro, and for. our two trackings of him to Hoohdale , and bapl$,. ,,Didn’t I tell you from the first that,he was a chap w;ho had a good plant sompwhero/br other V , . , . i - ‘Well, Larry, you wore right, * But we’dbetter be thinking of the future. instead of tho past just now,’ retorted his companion, immediately adding, 1 X behove wo’vo regularly settled him, and so we’d better uso our four legged horses to escape from the mare who has only three.’ | ‘ Thai’s right enough, Larry. Had wo best ride back to Manchester, think you.’ * No, Manchester’s too near, and knows too much of us us well. Lot’s try Liverpool. We can got there and into snug biding as well before day dawn if we only use our spurs.* This proposal seemed to be a welcome one to the other highwayman, for ho re joined,. ‘ All right, I’m your man,’ and, quickly remounting, the brace of worthies struck off across tho common in tho direc tion of Leigh. But Halcamus Greenwood was not ‘ regularly settled ’ after all. 'It would have boon a fortunate thing for the Radcliffe family, for Sir Harry Howarth of Olegg Hall, and for many other innocent people as well, if be had been, though at tho same time it would have had tho effect of making our tale a brief one. But such villains as ho died hard, and in the present instance, before the night was haljL over, the driver of some pack horses stumbled over his body while bo was following his score of 1 gals ’ across tho common, and on finding that tho cause of his fall was a man who still lived and breathed, he first of all bandaged up his head to the best of his ability, and then, laying him across the hindmost of his steeds as though bo also had been a bale of merchandise (though, to be sure, he was incapable of being borne thereon in'any other manner), he carried him thus to Manchester, and finally got quit of him at the door of the old hospital, wherein ho was laid up for a considerable time, incapable of doing any further mischief, though not for long from contemplating what he would do as soon as over he was able to got out and about once more. With Halcamus Greenwood laid up in hospital,~aud old John Radcliffe in his bed, and with Lancelot Leigh bound down as it were to remain inactive until Mrs. Radcliffe is able to tell him were to seek for ilose, and with Rose’s where abouts a - complete mystery, we have clearly no lesourse open to us but to re turn to Clegg Hall, and for awhile to keep all our thoughts and attention concen trated upon what happens there. This will bo no hardship, for w«? shall have plenty to engage both ; indeed it would be easy for us to construct a three volume romance out of the terrible and appalling incidents that are destined to happen therein, though in our case these will have to give place in turn to the still stranger and more tremendous events which will occur in the old house in Goose Lane, which was only pulled down some twenty-nine years ago, and oven then owned its ghost, its dungeon, and its treasure chamber—indeed it was said by some to be nearly a thousand years old, and at one time to have formed portion of a monastery und much later a •onvent. Some of tho older inhabitants will readily remember this house, and they will find no difficulty whatever in believ ing all that wo shall haveto loll concerning it. CHAPTER XXX L Lady Howarth’s love for Clegg Hall and its inmates did not intensify with a longer acquaintance. The lock of faded golden hair, with the fragment of scalp adhering thereto, came between- her and her husband as though it were the white hand of the dead waving them apart, so that she involun tarily shrank from his caresses ; and he soon discovered this, and asked her the reason, but she did not care to tell him— she was indeed afraid of him now. But she dissembled clumsily, and ho could not but bo aware that she was either deceiving him or at the very least hiding something from him, conduct that made him more suspicious than ever, and indeed at times ho was almost exas perated with her because she would not open her heart to him and explain her past connection (for ho felt sure there had been one of some kind) with tho man who had compelled him to bare her branded shoulder for his inspection. However, his wife no more dared refer to the past than she dared speculate on the future. And the most painful thing of all was that she could nowhere look for * sympathy. Dame Dorothy was humble to a degree ;that savored of sarcasm. Her curtseys seemed to sink lower and lower, every time that she encountered her, but there was an expression about her puckered-up mouth thfttsoomcd to say, ‘This is only acting, I bow before a mock queen whoso reign will be a brief one, and who oven now only wears tho crown while I wield tho sceptre.’ At all events this was the young wife’s interpretation of her manner. And then Lucy Howarth ; though she at first frequently sought her presence, and tried her hardest to make friends with her, at each visit the unhappy girl’s terror and evident aversion for her seemed to increase, so that ore long her step-mother avoided going near her for Lucy’s sake as well as her own, though her pity and sympathy for tfte hapless child continued to bo as intense as' ever. As'for the servants, they seemed to be Dame Dorothy’s servants rather than her own, and to treat her ns an honored visitor at tho hall instead of as its mis tress. Not that she saw much of them, for whenever she rang a boll it was the house keeper who answered it, so that very soon Lady Howarth enmo almost to* regard her os her gaoler. It was a foolish idea, perhaps, but she certainly entertained it when more than usually low spirited, and eveu whan she laughed at tho notion it was in an un» natural sort of way. Sho was surprised, too, that no visitors called upon her, and very naturally so, for it was somewhat remarkable to say tho least. But she did not know that Dame Dorothy on her own responsibility’denied her to them, declaring that she was india« posed, or from home, land as tho old walls were so thick, tho ancient knocker, and bell so dull of sound, and the .windows of tho rooms which she mainly occupied looked oat at ’(he back of (h& mansion upon tho wild and neglected high walled garden, with ,its leaden statues and broken never know that I hoy had been near-theplace. Her husband left h'or, more alone' each •day, a fact which she was thankful, for, yet at* the same ; time regarded as being in evidenoe of cruel indifference on his part. ‘ < , , To bo sure, when ho was with her he seemed to bo always surveying -her, as tljough he expected her every instant to commence some confession which he would require great fortitude to listen to, and an - immense amount of Christian .charity, itHg subject matter of ; and every day loo, he seemed more ond more dissatisfied because" this confession was still withhold, con duct which, believing that ho lived in a house of glass himself, his wife secretely resented. Yet for all this she felt his conduct keenly when he absented himself for hours at a time., Not that ho was not continually trying to be kind, amiable, and incur then he almost invariably .brok'e^owh'In the attempt. However, upon one of occasional) she tried just as hard to banish her fears and her suspicions of him, and said smilo ingly 4 This is my birthday, and you have neither congratulated me, made me a present,nor wished momany happy returns of the day. Nice kind of conduct truly in a husband, who as yet is hardly more than a bridegroom. What do you mean by it, sir?' 4 I am very sorry,’ he replied in the same strain, * but the old proverb declares that it’s never too late to mend, and and wo will see if there is any truth in it,’ and without another word he quitted die room. ‘He has bought me a present after all, and remembered the day as well, but thought he wouldn’t make any reference to it perhaps until we sab down to supper, and then I suppose because he only purchased the gift to day. 1 know he’s been to Manchester for something.’ Lady Howarth reflected as soon as sho had closed the door behind him. But presently she heard in the distance the rusty scroop of another door, mark ing it os one that was seldom opened, and she murmured to herself while a sudden pallor came into her face and lips, 4 He has gone into the north wing. Oh, he has surely gone into the north wing.’ She sank into a chair and began to wish, though sho scarcely knew why, that she made no reference to her natal day at all, and she was still worrying herself in this manner when she hoard her husband’s voice,evidently addressing Dame Dorothy, and saying, 4 It is your lady’s birthday, so let us have a dainty little supper, and decant a bottle of that Imperial Tokay with the yellow seal.’ 4 Yes, Sir Harry, you shall be obeyed in all things. Why, dearie, dearie me, I haven’t decanted a bottle of chat wine since noy dear last mistress’s last birth day, and this is the anniversary of her death. Good heart alive, I shouldn’t wonder if that Tokay was as old as myself, but wine improves with years, and women don’t.’ Lady Howarth caught every syllable of the old housekeeper’s answer,and it struck her that it was as sibilant in its tones as the hiss of a serpent. As to her husband it seemed to inflict worse than a serpent’s bite upon him, for she heard him make reply, in one of those harsh whispers that are as audible as words spoken aloud— 4 Now may heaven blast your memory if you cannot turn it to more comforting account, you vindictive harridan. And yet pardon me, for I should not forget the infirmities of age. Say to mo, therefore, what you will, so that you drop no venom into her cup. Fidelity in the past shall ntouo, no far as T. am percoualy concerned, for moroseness in the present. Even our Mother the Church is said to chastise those whom she loves, though hardly with a whip of scorpions us you do. 4 Ah Sir Harry, you would always have your joko—always have your joke,’ chuckled the old woman, as though her master’s utterance had been a humorous instead of an almost despairing one, and j then Lady Howarth could hear her hob bliug away, and seemed to dig the ferrule of her ebony silver mounted crutch-stick savagely info the oak flooring with every stop that she took, A second later her husband ro entered the room, with a smile on his lips but sad ness in bis eyes. He shut the door behind him,shuddered, declared that it had turned chilly, and then, advancing to the hearthrug, placed in his wife’s hand a very beautiful and valuable gold watch, having on its back a white rose formed of diamonds with emerald leaves. He evidently expected surprise, astonish ment, and delight at such a gift, and clearly precoiving this Howarth did her beat to express them all. But so shrewd a man as the baronet could nob help perceiving that her con duct was a sham, and that she was a prey to a far deeper emotion than either of the three. 4 You hoard some of that garrulous old woman’s half-imbocilo utterances,’ ho said then, almost savagely. 4 You really should not be fool enough to mind them; indeed you must learn to bear with her, and for the very good reason that I dare not dis* miss her. It is bettor for her to prate to us than to strangers.’ 4 Are you then in her power that you say you dare not dismiss her? Oh, Harry, had I only known—’ 4 You would not have married mb, I suppose T he interupted with a harsh laugh. 4 Well, and had I only known,’ he continued mimicking her voice, 4 I’m not so sure that I* should have married you. But, you see, as wo are married we had better—well—make the best of each other. Afraid of her ? Why the deuce should I bo afraid of her? But it is one thing to fear an old woman, and another to have no regard to tho lying scandals that sho might set afloat concern ing mo and mine, if X stirred up all tho verjuice of her nature by getting rid of her. There are veiy few people, let mo toll you, who can afford to altog-ther despiso tho world’s opinion, or who, if they are wise, would not avoid disagree ables as well as dangers, aye, and with equal care, for they frequently last by far tho longer of tho two.’ Having thus given vent to hia opinions and his spleen, tho baronet strove bis hardest to be amiable again, and to seom perfectly at ease, while on the other hand, Lady Howarth made equally determined attempts to appear grateful, trustful, and happy. But never was there more clumsy acting than on either side, and both husband and j wife wore glad when die arrival of supper time gave them an excuse for doing more than talk, and on her lady's part to sit somewhat further away from her lord, for Sir Harry Howarth had oven attempted to ploy the lover, and Lady Howarth had been in a condition of mind to shudder at even his near propinquity. Now, however, sho felt that she could ploy her port better, ond hoped that pre sently tho wine would still further assist her in her task. Aa for Sir Harry ho seemed to feel the need of its aid every whit as much as sho did, fo,r oven before eating anything ho insisted on filling her glass and his own with the yellow Tokay, and then, rising to hia feet, he tried to make a flattering little speech, broke down, attempting it again, came to a full stop, ond at last managed to say. ' My love, may this recurrence of your 1 natal . doy bo the most miserable you will ever know. 1 ■ l\3ffly>rfo doubt meant 1 may each succeed 'tngfono be happier than bbo present,’ but the words tlmb lie uttered were capable of bearing a very different construction, and hardly hod ho said them when he dropped his glass on to the table, his features be came as fixed and as white as marble, and, glaring fearfully at the window, ho exclaimed in accents of wild horror. ‘Look! Look! Groat God, my first wife ! There, there !’ ( T0 DE CONTINUED.) ' t The mare wilh throe logs is thieVoa' argot foe. gallons. 