AN INVOLVED PROBATE SUIT. Undue Infuence Alleged. SYDNEY, MoN?aY. THE case of Spruson v. M'Namara and others came on for hearing before Mr. Justice Man ningto-day. A very largebar, including seven barristers, was engaged. The proceedings involved two suits, one in Equity, Spruson against all the defendants, and the other in probate, Clubbe against Spruson, the execu tors of the wills in dispute. It appeared that in 1886 Catherine Burley, of Essex- street, Sydney, deceased, executed her will and appointed Spruson, the plaintiff in the Equity suit, and the late John Douglas Young, trustees. By it the testatrix, who at the time of her death was 75 years of age, bequeathed, in addition to several sums of money to certain relatives, £1000 each to St. Mary's Cathedral and St. Patrick's Church, Ohurch Hill; £200 to St. Vincent's Hospital; £400 to. the Sisters of Meroy in Harrington-streeb, Sydney; and £100 to the Sydney Hospital. In the be ginning of 1391 she made certacin.settlements on the members of the M'Namara family, and afterwards madoe a will, dated July 3, 1891, appointing Dr. Olubbe executor, by which she revoked the previous will and left nearly everything to the M'Namaras. The plaintiff Spruson is now seeking to have the settlments referred to and the second will set aside, and the probate of the first will granted to him on the grounds that the second willhad been obtained by undue in flnence. Ts, the second suit, Clubbe v. Spruson, the plaintiff asks that probate of the last will should be granted The Rev. Father Le Rennetel, who was the first witness examined by Mr. Barton, said in 1886 testatrix sent for him and asked him to witness her will. He declined, and she told him she wanted him to be present, as she might forget different things she in tended to put in it. He told her he would w'rite down what she wanted, and she could hand it to her solicitor. The testatrix was very much interested in the mission of Bishop Vidal, of Fiji, and wanted to help him. She said repeatedly it was the desire of her husband that she should leave her proper.y to the church. She said "those houses," referring to her terrace, "should be left to the church." Half of the houses were built at the time of her husband's death. Her husband was a Catholic, and testatrix was always a Catholic. Frequently she requested witness to be present when she made her will. About 1880 she made a will which Mr Cahill (soli ocitor) prepared, but she did not sign it, as witness did not go to her. He told her he did not'think it was proper for him being a clergyman to witness the will when the testa trix lived so near the church. Up to 1889 Mrs. Burley, when able to go to church, was a regular attendant. After 1890 she attended when able. She became less active in the lower limbs, and was paralysed in the legs. after she ceased to attend at church she used to send for witness, Before her removal she gave a window for the church in commemoration of her husband. Be tw-een four and five months before she became acquainted with Mrs. M'Namara she said that a burglar had entered her bedroom, and in order to save her money she asked wit ness to takecare of £53in goldand silver,which was in an old stocking. Witness afterwards returned the money and she told him she thoutht there were ghosts in her room, and she heard noises and saw sights. She gave witness her husband's will and her own will and her bank deposit receipts. He had them in his possession for 10 months. There were two bank receipts on the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. One was for £3770 10s, and the other for £1000. She said those sums .would belong to witness when she was gone It wss impossible for witness to hold privateproperty. M'Namars announced himself as the agent of Mrs. Bnrley in March, 1891. Then Mrs. M'Namara also appeared on the scene. She said out of kindly feeling she in tended to nurse Mrs. Barley. Witness said to Mrs. M'Namara, "I do not know how long you will be here, but you must not give Mrs. Burley any intoxicating liquor." Bubsequently he told her sheo had given liquor to Mrs. Burley. Mrs. M'Namara denied it, and witness found a bottle of whisky in the bed and threw it out of the window. A few days after this Mrs. M'Namara saw witness coming, and she shut the door in his face, and would not let him enter. Mrs Burley used to drink before Mrs. r'Namara came there, but was sober for five and six months at a time. Mr. Burley would sign anything when under the inluence of liquor. Mr. M'Napara afterwards asked witness for the two deiosit receipts, and brought a written request signed by Mrs. Burley, dated Bourke.etreet, April 2, 1891, in which wit ness was asked to give Mr. M'Namara the two bank deposit receipts. Witness told him he would not hand over the deposit re ceipts except to a solisitor. He did not take the signature to be Mrs: Burley's. He handed the deposit receipts to Mr. Shepherd and got a receipt, but not being satisfied soured a second receipt. Mra. Burley never knew how to read or write, but could sign her name. The signature on the second receipt was like the one Mrs. Burley would write when intoxicated, bat not when she was sober. The first will was tendered, and witness identified the signature as being that of Mrs. Burley. The examination of Father Le Rennetol had.net concluded when the Court rose. 