TaE StoryofKelooll Bllffs. Br CHAILES EGBERT ORADDOCK. (Published by special arrangement with Maeers. Ward, Leck, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER VIII.--(Continued.) It was Jerry Binwell, his father's guest. How had he escaped, Ike wondered, from the roof room where his host thought he lay sleeping? Had he stolen out from amongst the unconscious family, leaving the doors ajar that any marauder might enter? He could not. Old Hiram slept as lightly as a cat, and the blind man was often wakeful and restless. And what could be his object here in the stealthy midnight, risking life and limb-nay, neither! Ike Guyther, watching him climbing-with the frightful depths below into which a false step would instantly proe. cipitate him-lost that moabid and nervous fascination which a feat of great danger in duces in the spectator, and began suddenly to experience a sort of con fidence, merging into certainty. He was amazed at the lightness, the strength, the marvellous elasticity, the fnlue precision of every movement. Strain credulity as he might, he could not believe Binwell when he said sud denly, 'But I ain't goin' ter try it enny furder-break my neck! This hyar chicken is a-gettin' old an' stiff; couldn't git down thar ter save my life.' He climbed up and up, his silent shadow climbing with him till he neared the spot where Ike sat, when he suddenly paused. 'Git up, Ike,' he said; ' that's the only place whar thar's purchase enough ter pull up by.' He evidently knew all the ground. Ike dragged himself out of the way, and, with his hands in his pockets, stood pensively swatching him as he pulled himself to the verge, and then upon his knees, and so to his feet on the roadside. He paused for a moment, panting. He looked at his companion with an expression which had no relation to the words on his lips. Many a boy might not have detected this yawning gulf between what he meant and what he said, but Ike's senses were sharpened by suspicion and anxiety. 'Whew! Great Molly Her'!' Jerry mopped his brow with his red cotton handkerchief. 'I'm too old fur sech didoes as this hyar-old man's a-goin' fas'. Knees plumb bent. Don't ye laff, Ike' Don't yo laff.' Ike had shown no sign of mer riment. ' An' 'iore everything don't ye tell Ab ez I tried to climb down Keedon Bluffs ter that old ball, an' couldn't. I would n't heyo the mounting ter git a-holt o' that thar joke on me fur nuthin'!' He looked sharply at the boy, who said not a word, but simply stared at him as he stood on the verge of the Bluff in the slanting melancholy yellow light of the waning moon. There was a quiver in Binwell's nostril, a nervous motion of the lips, a keen inimical gleam of the eyes under his hat brim. He was giving Ike more notice than he had ever be fore bestowed on him. 'Hey !' he cried jocularly, clapping the boy on the shoulder, 'don'S ye tell on me, Ike-ye won't will ye ?' This direct appeal brought an an swer. But Ike was on his guard. ' Mebbe then uncle Ab would quit thinkin' ez how he could,' he said cautiously. Jerry Binwellsuddenly changed his tactics. 'Tell ennybody ye want ter, ye wide-mouthed shoat, ye! Ef I can't climb down thar nobody else kin, an' nobody air a-goin' ter try. Got too tender feelin's far that necks. I ain't ashamed o' gittin' old nohow! Ye'll be her I am some day, Ike, ef yo don't die fust.' He strode on ahead with a deft free step. Ike, doubtful and grievously ill at ease, followed. Come what might he felt that he would tell his father all, and let him solve the mystery about this strange guest. Then he beganto reflect how slight this 'all' was. There were the innuendoes of the men at the store; but his father knew as well as he how little Jerry Binwell had boen liked in his early youth, how strong the prejudice re mained. The affront to old Corbin was indeed reprehensible, but as to climbing about the rocks at night surely anyone might do that who was foolish or idle or nimble enough. Ike was surprised that although he found in summing up there was no positive heinous wickedness involved, his aversion to the man remained and his resolution was strong. He would toll his father all that he had heard, that he had seen. He would shift the responsibility. His shoulders were not strong enough to carry it. Jerry's long, lean figure, with the company of his longer and leaner shadow which dogged his steps like some pursuing phantom of sorrow or dismay that might materialise in the ~fullnes of time, kept steadily down the road. He made no pretence of silence or concealment, but whistled blithely and loud-a sound to pierce the pensive hour with discordant in terruption. Did it awaken the birds? A peevish, intermittent chir ring rose drowsily from the woods, and then was still, and anon sounded again. Or was it that the dawn was coming hardily upon the slowly departing night, long lingering, loath to go? The moon showed no paling sign; bolts of pearly vapors, catching its light, were rising from the furtherst reaohes of the purple mountains. And hero the river was dark and deep; and there it flowed in translu cent amber waves, with a silver flash of foam, all the brighter for the shadow of the rock hard by. And now it was out of sight, and there were the long stretches of the familiar woods on either hand, with no suggestion of the vivid tints of autumn, only a dusky black alterna ting with a gleaming gold strewn like the largess of a dream fantasy all a-down the winding ways. Morning surely; the thrush sings a stave. And silence again. The shadows falter, though the pen sive lunar light yet lingers. And again the thrush-fresh, thrilling, a quiver of ecstasies, a soaring wing, though it catches the yellow moonbeams. The sky reddens. Alas, for the waning moon! Oh, sorry ghost; how pale ! how pale ! For the prosaic day is in the awakening woods. The mountains rise above their encompassing mists and shadows. Beneath them, brown and gray, with closed batten shutters, Ike sees, slowly revealed, his father's house, the sheep lying huddled at one side, barely astir-a head lifted now, and then dropped-the cow drowsing in a fence corner; the chickens begin ning to jump down from the althea bushes, where, despite the autumnal chill, they still roost. And, as the first slanting sun ray shoots up over the mountains, the door opens, and there is thrust out the pink face of Rosamond, dimpling with glee at the sight of them, and her shout of glad recognition is loud enough to waken all the sluggards in the cabin, or for that matter in the Cove. The cabin, however, was already astir. Ike learned, with emotions not altogether relating to the recital, that his father's aunt who had brought him up from infancy had been taken ill, and a runner having been sent to apprise him he had gone over to the Carolina side, and would not return until the old woman should be better or the worst over. Ike had postponed his disclosures too long. There was little good, he thought, as he swung his axe at the wood-pile-as wide awake as though he had participated in no coon-hunt to tell his mother; she had cares enough-and what could she do ? And truly he had nothing to tell except to put into words vague sus picions; nay, his thoughts were not so well ,defined; to canvass actions and accents and looks that displeased him. They all knew-at least they would not be surprised to learn-that Jerry Binwell had not outlived the malice of his youth. Aunt Jemima would regard the. lightest word against him as an effort to bereave her of this late-blooming pleasure and joy of her life, the little Rosa mond. Ike hopefully considered for a time the blind man's aversion to Bin well. Abner would never hear nor reply when he spoke-and since the first night, he had not spoken to Bin well, except indeed one day when he chanced to stumble against the sprawl ing loafer before the fire. Abner struck at him fiercely and called out imperi ously-' Get out of my way-or I will kick you out!' Jerry had moved, but there was an odd glancing expression from his half-closed lids that alarmed Ike, so malignant it seemed. The little girl had run gayly up, caught Abner by the hand, and guided him to his place by the fire. For she it was who had superseded all the others, and had made the blind artilleryman her special charge. All day she was laughing beside him. Any time the oddly assorted couple could be met, she leading him carefully, holding two of his bronzed fingers, as they strolled down the sunset road, or they might be seen sitting on the wood pile while he told her stories or sang. And she sang also, loud and clear-gayly too, whatever might have been the humble poet's mood in no wise dismayed or hindered by the infantile disability of not being able to carry a tune. She had a thousand quirks and conceits, incre dibly entertaining to him in his en forced idleness. She had watched wide-eyed when Hiram Guyther read from an old and tattered Testament, for the accomplishment of reading waas rare in the region, and had not before been brought to her observation. Often thereafter she equipped herself with a chip, held sturdily before her dancing eyes, and from this unique book she droned forth, in imitation of Hiram's gruff voice, strange stories of beasts and birds, and the human beings about her, pausing only to scream with laughter at her own wit, and then gruffly droned on once more. She fell ill once for a day or so-a red and swollen throat, and a flushing, dull-eyed fever. Aunt Jemima and Ike's mother exhausted their skill and simple remedies, and went about hag gard and nervous, and the blind man, breaking a long silence, said sud denly, 'Ef ennything war ter happen ter that thar child I 'd 'low the Lord bed fursook me.' A neighbour, who happened to be at the house, eyed him curiously. 'Ef I war you-ens, Ab,' he said, 'I'd 'low ez He hed fursook me whenst He let my eyes git put out.' The brave fellow had had no re pinings, not even when the war was his daily thought. Now he seemed to have forgotten it, so full, and variod, and cheerful an interest had this little creature brought into his life. Often Aunt Jemima would tell in gladsome superlatives what she looked like, and when she spoke he would turn an intent smiling face toward her, as if he beheld some charming image. Vhat was the use of talking, Ike thought, remembering all this. They would not jeopardise the loan of this treasure for all that Jerry Binwell could do or say. He cut away vehemently at the wood, making the chips fly and the mountain echoes ring. He responded curtly, but without discourtesy, when Jerry Binwell came out of the house, took a seat upon the wood-pile, and began to talk to him. Jerry had a confidential tone, and he slyly laughed at the folks in the Cove, and he took on a comrade-like manner-implying a certainty of appreciation and sym pathy-tha, might have once flattered Ike, coming from one so much older than himself. Now, however, Ike merely swung the axe in silence, casting an occasional distrustfulglance at the thin sharp face with its long grayish goatee. More than once he encountered a keen, inquir ing look that did not seem to agree with the careless, casual nature of the talk. 'Old Jake Corbin-yo know him; oh yes, ye seen me h'ist him up on the beam thar at the store-waal, he be powerful keen ter get a chance ter torment other folks, but cut a joke on him, an' I tell ye, old Jake 'll git his mad up, sure. I seen him the 'tother day, an' he plumb looked wild-cats at me-fairly glared. Tell ye, Ike, ye an' me 'i1 git round him some day, an' heyv some fun out'n him-git his dander up an' see him hop.' He winked at Ike and chewed resolutely on his huge quid of tobacco. 'Naw, I won't,' said Ike suddenly. 'I hev' been raised ter respee' my elders. An' I'm a-goin' ter do it now jes' the same ez afore ye kem.' 'Bless my bones!' cried Jerry Bin well, affecting contemptuous surprise and speaking in a jeering falsetto voice. 'Jos' listen how leetle Sally do talk-ye plumb perlite leetle gal!' He leered unpleasantly at the flush ing boy. Then he suddenly resumed his natural tone and his former manner, as if he had borne no part in this interlude. 'Ye oughter hear how he talks 'bout you-uns, Ike- 'lows ye air plumb lazy.?. 'That war a true word whenst he said it,' interpolated Ike. 'An' never done yer work, an' war onreliable, an' onstiddy, an' hed n't no grit ter stan' up ter yer word, an' thar war no sech thing ez makin' a man out'n ye. I hearn him say that an' mo', 'fore twenty other men.' Ike's axe had dropped to the ground. Ho listened with a red cheek and a glowing eye. The other watched him intently. 'nWaal, that's pretty tough talk,' said Ike. ''T is that!' assented Biuwell. ' But I hey been shirking some an' no mistake, an' I reckon the old man 'lowed that war jes' the kind o' stuff I be made out'n, totally. Now I be a-goin' ter show him 't ain't nuthin' more 'n a streak.' And the steady strokes of the axe rang, and the chips flew, and the mountains echoed the industrial sound. Jerry Binwell looked unaccountably disappointed and disturbed. He changed the subject. ' Why war ye axin' Ab fur the loan o' his gun this mornin' ?' ' Kase dad hey kerried his'n off, an' I be a-goin' ter git up the boys an' go arter that thar painter. It riles me powerful ter go a-huntin' a coon an' git run by a painter. So I 'lowed we-uns would go ter-night.' Again the man slouching on the wood-pile seemed unaccountably wor ried and ill at ease. This reminded Ike of that curious nocturnal climbing of the rocks, and when he went up to the roof room for some lead to mould bul lets for the gun, he stood looking about him and wondering how Jerry Binwell contrived to escape from his hospitable quarters without rousing the family who slept in the room and in the shed-room below. There was no window; the long tent-like place was illumined only by the many cracks in the wall and roof. They had a dazzling silvery glister when one looked steadily at the light pouring through them amongst the brown timbers, and the many garments, and bags, and herbs, and peltries, hang ing from the ridge-polo. One of these rifts struck him as wider than he had thought any of them could be. He reached up and touched the clap board. It was loose; it rose with the pressure. A man not half so active as Binwell could have sprung through and upon the roof, and thence swung himself to the ground. The panther was surprised and killed that night. Jerry Binwell, and several other men who heard of the adventure, joined the party. They were all in high feather going home, and Skimpy sang a number of his roundelays, as he had often done be fore without exciting any particular admiration. He sang from animal spirits, as the other boys, less musically endowed, shouted and grotesquely yelled. Nevertholess, with the musician 's susceptibility to plaudits, his ear was attuned to Jerry Binwell's exclamation, addressed to one of the men in the rear, 'Jes' listen how that thar young one kin sing! 'Pears plumb s'prisin'!' And the good-natured mountaineer returned, 'That's a iac.' Wouldn't be s'prised none ef Skimp shows a reg'lar gift fur quirin'.' ' He sings better now'n all the folk ses in the church-house,' said the guileful Jerry. The flattered Skimpy! (To be continuted.) George Andrew Haseltino was fined £10, with 10os Gd costs, at Croydon (Eng.) for having failed to make a return of his ex penses in connection with his candidature at a municipal election in November last. The defendant appealed for relief to the Court of Queen's Bench, but his application was refuBed. T[he largest house in England is Went worth Woodhouso, owned by Earl Fitzwil liam, and situated in Yorkshlbire. 