ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. (By Uuuu Kalyptus,). " A writer in a Paris medical journal assarts that sedentary occupations predispose to tuberculosis more than any olhers. Among English and Italian students he asserts that 4SU deaths out ot 1,000 are due to this cause." That is an alarming pieoe of netvs, and may alarm a very large seotion of the community, for just think bow many people there are now just before the opening of Parliament, " sitting on a rail"—one of the most seden tary of ooonpations. I know that there are numbers of Ai-.oawbera waiting without any exertion for something to turn up. If they contract tuberoulosis it will be a terrible thing—it may compel them to take exercise. I oannot say that I know what tuberoulosis is. A Press friend of mine says that sometimes he has felt "a sort of a sinking" when the Judges hare sat over the luncheon hour, and now be fanoies that it must be premonitory symptoms of "lunoheonitus," whioh might develop into the other. Judge Bundey evi-' dently sees it that way, as he haB announced his intention not to run the risk. Tia said that the Germans passed a law thirty years ago prohibiting a mother or a nurse sleeping with a child under ttvo years of age on pain of imprisonment. In aonsequence of this there are more Deutsche™ in the world than there would otherwise have been. We have no law to that purpose here in South Australia, but we do not require it if the statements of some of my married male friendB are oorroot. They say that their experience as fatberB is that the "confounded child"—oon founded was the word—the oonfounded obild never seemed to be in the bed or the oat either at night, but that they—the fathers had to perform a sort of nootumal polka mazurka in the scantiest of garments during the weary watches of the night with the equawkiest—squawking was also the term in their arms. Their evidenoe, which I have no reason to doubt, having "been there" my self, tbo average infant under two squalls all night and sleeps all day. Mrs. Hugh Kalyp tus, who indignantly denies this, says it's the men's own fault. " You men." she Bays, "come home from your offioes of en evening, and after dinner sit by the fire and play with the baby when it ought to be in bed, and exoite it so that it will not sleep for hours, and while you aresnoringwe wives have thebotbe >• of hushing and soothiDg it." I say nothing to this, for he who argueth with a woman what's got a vote, niaketh matters uncomfortable for naught. RabbitB have white tails so that their young may distinguish their mother when she is leading them to the warren in oase of pursuit," saith the naturalist. She doth a tail unfold, so to speak. Now I wouder whether that is also the reason that mamtnas when tbey are " bringing out" their marriage able daughters wear long trains. Are these trains for the purpose of letting the daughter distinguish her mamma when she is haughtily moving aoross the room to draw her dear girl awayfrom the ineligible impecunious young man who is in pursuit of a wife with a dowry ? When I was a youngster I used to hear of the past pioneering performances of that fine old settler, the late Hon. G. O. Hawker, his travels in the interior with oattle, his associa tion with that other excellent type of the in domitable, courageous colonist, Tolmer, and his worth generally. Then be became kuown to my maturer intelligence ns a politician, and many a time have I listened to lus calm, Statesmanlike speeches In Parliament, and admired the hstural dignity of hie manner. Afterwards it'waa my privilege to know him, and find that tie wae as oourteoae as be was commanding, a thorough type, of the best olass of- old English gentleman. 'When he was in the Ministry it was a treat to see him reoeive a deputation—his firm but completely oourteous manner resembled that of Sir George Grey when he was overbore a few years ago. There was a touoh of old fashioned oaremoniousness about his recep tion. I remember going over to eee Mr. Hawker the morning after a burglar broke into hie house at " The Briars." The fine grey-headed etately old gentleman showed me over the house, and where the thief made hit entranoe and his exit, and re marked, with a sort of grim humour — "The man mutt have made a lei surely inspection of the rooms, and I wish he bad wakened me up. 1 would have im pressed his memory of the visit with this," showing me a stout stiok. " I do not believe in firearms as a protection; one is apt to injure friends as well as foes. Give me stout stiok, I know how to use it. If you have a pistol by your bedside it is quite likely that in the agitationof the moment when dis turbed by anyone moving about the bouse, you might shoot one oi your own household in mistake for a robber." It was rather amusing that at the trial of the burglar at the Criminal Sittings it was given in evi dence that he said he " would have got a good deal more only he heard the old gentleman moving." Mr. Hawker, who was in the' Court, gave a quiet smile, and significantly tightened his hold on his walking-stick. X do not fancy the. burglar would have got away with the goods and a whole skin if he had aroused " the old gentleman." Mr. Hawker told me onoe that he always looked baok upon the early pioneering days in the colony with feelings of pleasure, beoauee in spite oi the hardships and anxieties it was a healthy, exoiting existenoe, and he alwaye loved a life in the open air. In the time of Edward the Sixth the sparrow was a very oommon pet amongst tjje nobility. Here, in this nineteenth cen tury, in the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Viotoria, the sparrow is very oommon, but he isn't a pet I "The Organ Grinder," acaording to Mr. Haweie is "a great foot." Alas, we know it; we have him in Adelaide. Opposite the Supreme Court, when a partiouiarly dreary law case, full of what one of the Jurymen called "legal atioknikalitiee" was being argued ad nauscum, an organ-grinder, with uncon soious humour, groundout "Molly Riley,"and a wan smile rippled over the faces of the wearied watohers in Court, beginning with the half-sleeping polioeman at the door, and just meandering along the Bar and Jury till it caught on to the row of witnesses, past whom it geutly glode like a wavelet along the shore edge till it broke and scattered and subsided amongst the loungers. When the Judge ordered the oonstable to go out and send that man away a great feeling of injustice welled up in the hearts of alt present, they were beooming interested in " Molly Riley, Oh!" and were hoping for " The Alabama Coon" to oome on. Haweis ought to have been there—he likes the organ mm, and oalls him " A very Orpheus in helL" He gushes over him thue—"I bless hie musio." (I'm bleat if I do.) "I stand in the foul street where the blessed sun shines, and whore the music is playing ; I give the man a penny to prolong the happiness of those poor people, of those hungry, pale, and ragged ohildrcn, and, as I retire, I am saluted as a publio benefactor; and was ever pleasure bought so cheap and so purel" Great Tom cat's ghost I did ye ever hear the like, and yet Haweis is right, sentimentally. 