NEWS AND NOTES NUTSHELL- THE BUSY MAN'S CILUMH. Ths market on 'Change continued active to-day, ... » While on a voyago from Cardiff to Hajti tfae barquo Brmirivo wrecked. Six lives lost. Melancholy accident in Now York har bor. A sailing boat capsizes, and a whole family — father, mother and throe children —are drowned. The liquidator' of the Federal Bank of Australia, in liquidation, has declared a dividend to tho creditors ot one shilling in he pound; payable on and uftor the 7th of August next. The total sum collectod for tho Italian village eottlor, Sautinocci. whose dis tressed condition was callod attention to by Tiie Herald about a fortnight ago, has amounted .to I«20 8s Ud. The staff' of ' the- Executors, Trusteos and Agency . Company has been increased during tho half-year from 27 to 37, though at. tho - sftmo time the. total lalarios paid have been roduoed from L4105 to L3819. Dreadful duubln murder at Gibraltar. A Maltoso.and his nephew killed iu their beds by sofho fiend, armed with a hammer. With this he battored in the heads of his victims. Neither the motive of the crime, nor the perpetrator yet known. Tbcro is uo defimfo change whatever to report in the conditiou of the Abrahams " brothers. and JSinpnuel aro stilWir a conditfon brimrtial' imbecility.- Alfred end Edward.ere in a weak Atate, but no worse than they woro yesterday. Half yearly meotiug of tuo Trustees, Executors and Agency Co. held this morning. The working for the half-year shows a credit to tho profit mid loss account of L3477. Amount carried for ward has bean increased by L3iH). Mr Purvcs to-day asked tho jury in the Smith-Symo caio to remember, when lie pointed out things to them, that lie was a legal philosopher, if anything. He added that there was very little philosophy about any of us " whoa it was boiled down," . . While manipulating an axis box in tho fimyth-Symo caso to-day, Mr Purves was somowhat unworkmanliko. Ho romarkoJ, "lam sorry to say, gonilomen, that my hands are notengiuoor's hands. I wiahod tbey wore tho other day." Tho audierico Broiled. In addressing the jury in tho Sraith- Symo case to-day, Mr Purvos referred to tho action of a Ilobrow, who, in his declining days, on feeling ill, wont away and purchased four tons of Epsom salts. Counsel said that Mr Allison Smith's ex periment at Lancofield was like a roan who when wanting a doze of medicine buys a bucketful. The frar of a call has had an alarming effect upon tho shareholders of tho Execu- torTrusteesand AgoncyCompany, accord ing to what was stated at tho mooting of that corporation this morning. The chair man, however, gives tho assuranco that the directors can soo no necessity for a eel), and do not anticipate' that one will bo made. This should bo reassuring. A little bit of lynching' indulged in yesterday on tho Thatuos Embankment by a London crowd into whoso hauus a pickpockbt had fallen. Tho man had rubbod a lady in the Strand and been captured aftora smart cbaio. Boforo tbo police could intorforo tbo ctowd had so bauly ducked tho delinquent that the serv.cosof a doctor bad subsequently to bo requisitioned. Tho new British Premier and Foreign Minister does not take kindly to tho sug gestion made by hie prsdeeuseor, in a speech at London. a .fow uigbts ago, in regard to tho situation in Ohiiral. British troops aro thore bticauto they wont to re- Have Surgeon-Mujor Robortson, who was cooped up iu . tbo , fort with a handful of. mon and attacked by hostile tribes. Bqt Lord Itnsobory never intended to convort Chitral intoaaacond Egypt, He hud proposed toitmn-idiaUly retire the troops uuw that their roiitiuu was accomplished. It Is announced . that the virtual 'British occupany of the country will continue at least till September naxt. Thon the Ji ,ln question involved will, it is under- I'-iod, be ro-conidorod Mr Justice Hood to day sanotioned the collection of tbo whole of tho unpaid capital in. the Federal Bank of Australia Limited, now boing wound ' up under tho direction of the Court. Tho affidavit by Robert Elwqll Jacoinb, tho official liquidator, set out.that . tbo bank wenti-into liquidation cri 17th February,. 1893, On 22nd Decombar,' '93, d call of LI por almro was mado, leaving L240.000 still .to bo paid qp, or LI '10 j ' per. share. Thisamomit, his.Hohordociflod, should bo poijl In twelvo monthly, Iniialwenta of 2s Od tdoli, Tho liquidator has boon em- powercd'to allow . reasonable . discount to contributor's who pay promptly. . Tho Application was made : to bis Honor by Mr Outhvraitc, of tbo firia of -Messrs Bliko amd RlggalL By Gaunt'a iaitruments at nooa to-day thertaiiiigs were: — Baromater, 30 025, slationary ; thormometcr, in - the sun, 71 dog. ; shade, 13 dog. A suburban scaro created by the al leged visitations of a "ghost," de scribed elsewhere. A numbsr of resi dents residing in Brunswick, Flsming- ton, Mooneo Ponds and other places ad- jacrutliave been alirmod. Upon the application of Mr Woolf Mr Justicu Hood to-day granted letters of administration to the Trusteos, Executors and Agency Co. to administer tho estate of Elizabeth M'Guiqnn, of 211£ Sixth streot, Jersey City, America, rihe small-pox patient on board tho R.M.S. Lusitauia— a child aged five years — was landed nfc Colombo with its parents on tlis 2Grh June. None of the other patients w«;ro alTecled, Proc- iutiona will bo taken by the Health authorities to aro ttut no contagion geU iishoro in Tort Phillip. Somo woman, at present unknown, died very suddenly at a buardinghouso iu Station place, Dandcuong road, Malvern, last night. The deceased asked for a bed last eight, and -then said she lived m Csrlton. Tho body was tiken to the Morgue to awuic identiflcatiou and inquest. The weather forecast for tho next 24 hours ia, moderately fine with scattered clouds, and calm or light variable winds. Showery weather on tbo south-east coast, and foggy or frosty at night. Sea smooth There has been some light rain on the southern coast of Victoria, and very 'heavy rain in the vicinity of Wilson's Piomontory, whero 3 inches havo fallen within tho lat 24 hours A woman called as a witness at the Carlton Court to-day swore that a tnsn named John Greenoiigh, chanted with using obscene language, was her hus band. in answsr to Sergeant Byrne, the woman swore that she was married to the defendant in Sydney about twe years ago. Sho did not know the uamo of tho churoh, or by whom they were married. Tbo witness onswored the sergeant in an unsatisfactory manner. and upon being pressed, said that she was a widow and was not marriod to Greenough, but was living with him. After the case had coneludod, the chair man severely leoturod tho woman upon giving falso evidence, and informed her that such women would destroy auy person's charactor. 