TME BLACK MORSE IKK.'i' bt l. a. savory, 1 was juafc sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my fiitlior'a distant cousin, who kept tho Black Ilone Inn on tbe Sondis- field turnpike. I was the eldest of six children, and with 80 many little months to fill It is no wonder tlint when Mr, Stcdman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist ant, not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a ronowned housekeeper, and lind tho reputa tion of "making the best pieties, preservers and home-made wine," of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sowing, keeping the accounts of tho inn, and any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied mo to B— and saw me settled in. the malt coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It was before the days of railroads, and it wns quite dark when wo drew up to tho " Black Horse," where the passengers were to Bpend the night, Tbe house was largo, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to Wnr- Chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orchard, and a largo farm attached, It stood on high ground, nnd commanded a view for many a mile over the country. Tho B mail-conch stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to IVnrcbester changed horses there, and nil the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at tho " Black Horse," for reBt and refresh ment, Mrs. Stcdman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her bead, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color, I have heard she was a con firmed opium enter, I think she bad tbe most scvore countounnco I ever saw, and one was careful of ono'B conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at tho "Black Horse," and woe betide tbe luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her presence. I Pad heard "her story before 1 enmo there. Bhe was early feft a widow, with a beautiful Daughter, whom Bhe idolised ; but the ion and heir of a rich man from a distant jeity, who enme to fish in tho waters of tbe imill-dam, bad induced her to elope with |him; rt was not supposed thas he had married Ihcr. I Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it was said she had returned their letters unopened. At ell events, no one ever spoke of Clara Stcd man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young lover. ' Mrs. Stcdman wns veTy kind to me > hut if I had been of a lively turn, 09 many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it trctty dull in tho old houee, after tho cheer- ess Novomber days came on ; but I applied mysolf to learning how to make the various viands for which tho house was famous, nnd .at other times I hemmed towels and table (linen; beside there wnB always the books to keep, which had to bo attended to every i»ight, Mrs, Stcdman's room wns a large one up stairs, in an L of the house ; there was a 'light of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining- room. This closet was a sort of butter's .pantry ; in it were Kept tne best cnina ana glaesware, cutlery and table linen, and on ;the top shelves many of the preservers nnd jellies, A trap door led to the cellar below, where tho wines and other commodities were, I often, sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stcdman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened tho drawers and showed me their contents ; rare spices and drugs and essences ; costly at tho time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely Bealcd in a glass bottle, . I suppose now it was arsenic, but 1 did hot know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it waB becauso I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet nnd sober, nnd hnd no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November, The country fairs nnd festivals were oyer for the Bcason,' and travellers who had so often stopped at the " Black Horse " during the summer were few and far between now that tbe days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and nn occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. "We bad fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend enow, as I was sitting close to tho dining-room window doing some sewing, nnd Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away tbe linen from the weekly ,wasb, the sound of horse's hoofs made me ilook out upon the road, and there I saw n gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to tho stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty- eight or forty, Ho had a good-natured look, liko one who takes the -world easy, and nt tbe same time there was a good deal of determination about his well- shaped mouth. He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs, Stedman were at home and If he could hnvo dinner. Before I | could answer either question, she came down ' stairs and recoived tbe gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen her bestow upon any one. J udging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought ho glanced sharply at hor, at first, and then seemed satisfied; for he entered tho pnrlor, which she opened for him, and in a careless way Hung himself down in ;an easy chair before tho fire, to await dinner. Mrs, Sledman seemed greatly excited. :She told me to lay the table with the ibest linen, silvor and china, and' wont her self into the kitchen to superintend Patty \- while she cooked the meni, a thing she seldom did for anybody. She sent tne into the cellar for a bottle of the boit wine it contained, and told mo to pour it into the nicest cut-glass decanter. I bad an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be Borne great personage— tho governor, perhaps, .travelling in disguhe, and for that reason .treated him with suck rcapeot. When the table was all laid, and tho dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I 'did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in tho closet where \- tho stairs leading to her room were. It was not direetly under tbem, and I suppose 1 was not gone so long as sho expected, for, as I enmo up with the pickle jnr I Baw horswiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con- taining tbe white powder in her hands ; and . going to tho table shook a little of it into tbe wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the iSecantor she filled the glass and called out to pae— still in the cellar as she . supposed, to open' the parlor door, and soy to the "gentlo- (nan that dinner was servod. Then she I utekly went up to her room again. I was so horrified nt what I had scon that, I lor is moment. I could notjmovo ; then— and ' j (.'shall never know what Impelled me, stfme- ytbin'gT could not help— I rushed to tbe table, seized the wine glass, and pitched It and'its , contents ont of the window. , As I d|d so' I beard a slight noise near the parlpr doori'and -there, stood the gentleman observing me. t' ; !: Andsothat'e her game; is lb J" he aaid, i j <f half to himself, I j <; '< Ho stood silently for a moment, then he turned to me and said :.. "I saw tho whole of it, my girl ; go and ask Mrs. Stedman to come hero,". '; i I did us she bndo ui0| and presently she- came. Her face was deadly pale, nnd her black eyes had nn unearthly brightness. The gentleman drew a step or two nearer,' and said: r v ' r, " Tdu recognise tfio, I see, Mrs. Stedman.", "Don't I?" sho answered, in a low voice. Tiie gentleman laughed. " If I had partaken of your hospitality, -my wife might have been a widow at the hands of hor own mother." At these words I saw Mrs. Stedman change' color. > " \Vifo ?" she faltered. "Yes, my honored wife, and tho mother of my children— your daughter Clara. Of course I married her ; I had no intention of doing otherwise. It wns done privately, to keep it from my father. If you hadnot been! too cursedly proud to open her letters,' you would have know it long ago. By George ! you're not going to faint I" for Mrs. Stedman sank down on tho floor without a word. I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised her and placed her on tbe sofa; but prcseutly she Btnrted up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock the door. " Missus has seen a ghost,' the kitchen maid said. Tho cook hinted darkly at "spasms," but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. "Well, I suppose I can have my dinner now," be said, nt lost. And I must say ho ate it with a better ap petite than I should hnvo supposed possible under the circumstaucos. Ho even drank somo of the wine, and praised its fine flavor. Toward sunset bo rode away, leav'ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. Wo all went ubuut oar business, for work never elnckcd in that house, and the evening coach was expeoted. It came with the usual bustle of obangiug horses and getting Bupper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and Buch a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward mo a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. " Alice," she said, " you ore a good girl j tnke this, nnd to-night when tho B coach starts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to you," "I don't want money, Mrs. Stedman, but- I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother," I said. She held out the purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when tbe coach wsb ready, got in and started for home. My parents were very much surprised when it set mo down at tho door, and they were still more astonished when I told my story. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Blnck Horse Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have hoard that Clara and her children passed a few weeks with hor every summer. Mr. Livingston sho never saw again. When her will was read it was fonnd that sho had divided hor property in equal shares between her old est grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself xne largest suspension onagc in tbe world is the one between New York city and Brooklyn ; the length of tho main span is 15115 feet six inches ; tbe entire length of the bridge is 59S0 feet. , A medical journal says : "Tho applica tion of a bit of ice to the lobe of tbe ear will stop hiccoughing." All a man who is ac customed to hiccoughing has to do, then, is to carry a bit of ice about in his waist coat pocket, and he can cure himself in stantly. The famous boating batteries with which Gibrulter was attacked in 17S2 were the i scheme of D' Aruua, a French engineer. ' Thero were 10 of them, and they resisted the heaviest shells and 32-pound shot, but ulti mately yielded to red-hot shot. Hors is a good word for the women. An English statistician has discovered that mar ried men live longer and live hotter liveB than bachelors. Among every 100Q bache lors there are 38 criminals ; among married men tbe ratio is only 18 per 1000, "When George I. ascended to the throne, the ancestor of the Duke of Sutherland, was only a poor Scottish lord, the ancestor of the Marquis of Abergavenny, was a baron, and the imcestcr of the Duke of Westminster was a Cheshire barouet. An example of deterioration in values is shown in tliu sale of tbe Great Eastern for less than £25,000. The original cost of the vessel was three quarters of a million, but she was a gigantic failure from the start. The building of this ship, however, was of value in demonstrating that there was a limit in steamships iu the direction of size. Bhe has been of use also in the laying of the Atlantic cables. While those who invested their money in building this ship lost heavily . in the venture, they can console thomsolves with the fact that their loss wns not alto gether in rain. The last report is that Bar- num is trying to negotiate for its purchase, with a view of converting it into a mammoth floating show. 