CANIAMBO. The latest ghost yarn comes from Caniambo. Two young men went to tbe house of a resident there the other nigbt and reported that they had seen a ghost sitting in a buggy, and the person called upon, in company with bis informants immediately set out to see the apparition. Aftera careful survey of the locality surrounding the spot where the ghost was seen, tbe three men made a wild swoop down on tbe ghostly viBijpr and found the sa Jie to he a slump covered with the,dress of a female- The whole affair is explained in tliis way. It appears that a surprise party was taking place at Mr. Brown's. Two young ladies who were attending this affair arrived in a buggy, and some young fellows, beat on having some fun, took the vehicle into the bush and, placing a stump in it, covered it with a white dress. If the persons had not discovered the fact that it was only a decently dressed stump, there iB no doubt but that some of tbe Caniambo folk would have been convinced that the district was haunted. There is a time for everything, and one young fellow residing in Caniambo found out a few days ago that it was not the time to sleep when driving horses. The person in question was returning to Violet Town with a dray, drawn by two horses, and when some miles on the road he went to sleep, and the horses being left to themselves, wandered off the road into a small swamp. When the sleeper awoke from his slumbers lie found that his leading horse was bogged in the mud, his head being only visible, and the other horse in the shafts nearly as bad. However, after much trouble, the animals were released from their uncomfortable position, and driven home. It is satisfactory to note that no serious damage was done. On Monday last, Miss Ada Wail, abou' 13 years of age, met with a serious accident here. She was engaged in yarding some horseB when one of tbe animals knocked a rail off one of tbe fences, which struck tbe girl knocking her head on to a log. The crops here have turned out very badly this yeur, the yields being exceedingly small. The old residents here are passing 'away one by one, end soon thgv will have all gone.' Mr.T. Clements breathed his last at the residence of his daughter, at Marionvale, at tbe ripe age of''87. Out of a family of 14 only four survive him, two sons and two daughters. To the last lie wub b hale and hearty old man, and was never better pleased than when surrounded by his great grant! children, of whom he had twenty-two. fcone thought liis end so near, till about three weeks ago. He was a colonist of 47 years, and was buried in the Fine Lodge cemetery, leaving. an aged widow. 