KERRIGAN'S QUALITY. -4--- Br JA~s BAiLow, Author of "Irish Idylls." Published by special arrangement woill Messrs. ward, Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL m0GrrS BsEB~vE.) CHAPTER I. When it became known throughout the neighborhood that Martin Kerrigan had bought the Big House, dissatisfaction pre railed dispersedly, concentrating itself in the one double and one single row of roofs 1 which form the nucleus of Glenore. It was the unpopular act of an unpopular person. There were obvious reasons why the pur chase, by whomsoever offected, should be generally disapproved. The house had stood empty time out of mind; that is to say, only venerable people like old Juggy Caffrey remembered when it used to be now and then occupied by Sir John Hutchinson, the last of his line. Since his death the demesne had lain practically derelict, and to the inhabitants of Glenore had in some measure become what the con- I veniently-situated wreck has been to the castaways of fiction, from Robinson Crusoe downwards. It was not, of course, a quarry for quite such varied and appropriate stores; still, its simpler products often came in happily enough. The overgrown shrubberies and groves, for instance, sup plied " bits of sticks," one of which some times made so good a two men's load that its end had to be let dump down occasion ally on the way, while the bearer said, " Och, murder alive ! stop a minute there; me tack's entirely broke "-and this was no trivial matter in a place where the nearest turf-bog is reached by a long row, not always accomplished without danger. Then a bit of grazin' for th' ould ass. or the little goat, was to be come by verylbandily just t'ther side of the dilapidated boundary wall; and " musha good gracious, sorra the taste of a harm the crathur done except aitin' down the grass that was growin' beyond its own len'th to loss from year's end to year's end." At first these thrifty trespassers used to be kept warily within probable straying distance of the roadside; but in course of time their owners grew less circumspect, until beasts were tethered boldly deep down the lawns, and young Joe Moloy and Andy Gallaher once fought wildly on the very steps of the mansion about the pas turage of their respective charges. But old Corny Nolan went further still, for shortly before the sale of the property he planted himself a tidy little patch of pota toes in the slip of ground at the back of the gate-lodge on the lough-road. This step was admired respectfully by his neighbors, who would no doubt have imitated it, had not circumstances so regrettably altered. As it was, Corny had to ruefully lift his crop. which had done grandly, a little pre maturely, for the lilac blossoms were only just appeuring when the unwelcome news spread through the village. Seated on the adjacentlow wall to watch Corny's digging, neighbours opined that it was divil a much snore convenience they'd have the chanst to be gettin' out of th' ould place now Kerrigan had grabbed a hould of it. He was the sort of man 'ud purvint the bits of midges dancin' through under his trees, if he could have his own way. And Corny, as he stopped at intervals to shake the crumbling dark mould off his dangling bunches of delicate brown balls, responded, "Ay, bedad, it's himselfs the perniciaus ould naygur." If anybody had asked for direct proof of Kerrigan's ould naygurliness, I doubt whether his neighbours would have made eanny charges more specific than those above quoted, though they perhaps might have mentioned his propensity for sittinga wid niver a word out of him, no more thaw if he was an ould bog-stump .stuck up on sad in the corner, lookin' as bitter as sut." But in Glenore, as in some other places, a person's character depends larely upon his command of countenance ana conversational gifts ; and, moreover, even If Kerrigan had not been glum and silentths fact that he had lived for nearly twenty years in Australia would have tended to make him an object of suspicion, as likely to hare" took up wid the idee his o,-, counthry wasn't good enough for him." This was rather hard lines, since his ex patrition had not been by any means of his own choosing. He had gone out loth. fully, a dispirited lad of eighteen, in res pouse to a summons from his uncle, who was doing well at sheep-farming, and wanted a subordinate partner. This was a chance not to be let slip, and hence, after vainly going the rounds of the long Kerri gaa family, thrust more than half compul sorlly upon Martin's aceeptance. Appa rently--however, he did not turn it to much ?c ount. He never get on at all patisfac torily with his uncle, and in a fow years parted from him on scarcely cordial terms, lvit .iit to- morrow," he said one .evening. when they stood facing a sultry December sunset, which threw the sheep shadows in attenuated arches on the dusty grass as the flock swaratae over their il limitable pasture, with here and there a tall, outlandish shape vaulting through them; for this run was far up the coQntgy, in the region of kangaroos. " More power i" said his uncle, who was also short of speech, and had a sharp-edged tenamer, whetted, perhaps, by his habit of iiving on black boiled mutton hung in a sag. and indefinitely stewed tea. And moaig more ever passed between them. After this Zerrigan had a long spell of rough ew'-riencll. His luck was bad, and he learnedie believe it so, which made it worse; and canure had equipped him ill for the manner of life he led. Circum stances forced him into situations which could not unt abound In wretchedness for a man who was constitutisnelly lazy and low-siritedL who hated novelty ip places aid lople. and who conjoined a lack of self-suliciency with an incapacity for finding friends. rLong lonely journeys irom strange station to tation, where tem Porary jobs L'ered hard work among un familiar surrounadings; aimleos loafing lbetween whiles 15 town-squalor. with a study of humanity's dregs presented as ag employment for his leirure, risky exploring epeditions through dolefnl wastes, where ufe jltnk monotony was onlybroken when srivatoie and fatigue rising to torture ? tch made the boon of "going on and not to .'ie" seem a dubious one, even when strugg?od for most desperately - these things ?a- into his life. and their passage left in tfhe sallery of hiis.memory some ictures which'h looked et too often for is peace of mind One in 4.is.uar con tineed to draw him with a bassth taa cinatien, and that not serely bo s jt mwas meg the last of the series. There was the monstrous grey-browMna 1llin, boundless, trackless, almost herbless, b~lackened here and there by patches of dwarf thorn-tangles, as if by the shadow ofa motionless cloud; but not a Cloud in all the sky, which the sun, still lo, flooded Liercely. Nothing on the horizon e?x~ept ar off a calossat lump of biare crag, gio tesquely elep5ant-like an outline, a sort of dismal landsc?ae jest. Nearer, in thesame direction, gleams of water, not beheld else* where by the traveller in a parching se quence of days; but here .nature had devised another little pleasantry, for the caterlay in a salt marsh, and the leaves .af the rank g.rowths beside it were white wcruded with brine- This shook of disap pointrent had perhaps hastened the col tispee of the young man, whose dead body, ling betwren two spanny-tufts in the wide mornipg glare, was the core and centre of he circumfused desolation. K[errigan could newer see the figure of the live comrade, waywora, ragged, wild-eyed, .standing by in the sosira?ptaourcelessness .?ich is desp 's e?ipe r; ?*reuse that ipetch wees bi~t pgivrp~B Bb hand. he could always call up-he could not always dismiss---a lurid dissolving view of his own mental experiences throughout this crisis of his fate. It began with the moment when young Day, who had been coming on more and more slowly since they passed the mocking marsh, stumbled over, and never tried to rise again. " Hold up there," Kerrigan said jocularly, "you ve a good way to fall," and he continued to treat the incident from a humorous point of view longer tlan one might have thought possible. His mouth was so dry that many of his words missed, like the notes of a worn-out barrel-organ, whose handle ever and anon turns dumbly, suppressing whole phrases of the inter mittent melody; and this had a droll effect, though I doubt that it would have amused anyone who heard him. Then heo left off his jokes. and became seriously argumentative. If Day wanted to rest a bit, he had a deal better come on a trifle further to where there might be a screed of shade under the scrub there, didn't he see -yonder within a stone's throw. He'd no business to be sprawling in the eye of the sun, unless he'd a fancy to get up raving with a sunstroke. Righteous indignation came next. Day might please himself, and stick skulking there like a blazing fool. when he knew right well their only chance was to tramp ahead, and try for water behind the next ridge; but he needn't expect another man to throw his life away waiting for him; by the Lord, no! Concessions, however, followed. He'd step on himself and see after the water-. there was somesortof asign of ahollow away over yonder,and like enough there mightbe a pool-and he'd bring back a bottle full; anyhow he'd come back, if Day would say whether that was the best plan. or would just premise to stay quiet there till he came. But Day just would not give any such superfluous assurance. At last he threw up the game, and in rushed the hideous storm of terror, which had been howling wolfishly louder and nearer, expectant of that issue. If Kerrigan had attempted to defino its cause, he would probably have ascribed it to his sense that there was not a single living creature within a hundred nmies of him. For he overlooked the fact that, very high up in the blue, two black smuts represented a pair of pink-necked vultures, he would, I believe, have considered their company better than none. His horror came on him in gusts and paroxysms, and during the lulls he was mostly wondering whether the lad there had had fair play. He thought so on the whole. Could not be held accountable because Day, for all he stood six foot three, and to look at seemed as fine a chap as you ever clapped eyes on, was no more fit to knock about in the bush than a kid just beginning to run. It was his own notion to come on this tramp. And he had been let ride the last horse while it could go; and then he had always carried the light pack, and he had got his share, and over and above his share of the water, as long as there was a drop, and not grudged it either, God knew ; ag, he might have had more, and welcome, if he would have taken it. Likewise Kerrigan was quite aware that, had he made a start on his own account, a few days ago, and pushed forward at his own pace unlham pered, he might now have been safe among places where people live, instead of facing, across a round or two of their careless clocks, the forlornest fate of a castaway. So there were really small grounds for the feeling of murderous remorse to which these reflections still illogically led. While making them, he sometimes roved off aimlessly to a short distance, and when he looked round was always thrilled by a certainty that Day had moved,and rushed straightback, stumbling truth starkly gainsaying his delusion. That would be often, followed by a wild outbreak of the terror- tempest, and,in the height of one of these he determined to gi, and drink at the brine-pools, which he could yet see glistening faintly fore shortened into silver threads. It might be less lonesome to die raging mad than in one's right senses. Or he might find fresh water there after all, and then Day could have a good drink, which would soonbring him round. But in that case no time should be lost, and he was running des perately, when the sun-blaze seemed to twist about his throat a fiery-knotted cord, which choked him until he fell down head long into a hollow of booming darkness. By the time he came to life again, the sunshine had bleached into very white moonlight, which was full of strange shapes and shadows. He had been hap poned upon by a camel-mounted oxpedi tion, experimenting in that corner of the enormous desert, and now groping their way baNk to civilisation in straitened and critical circumstances. However, they did not forbear to revive Kerrigan with muddy malodorous water, the market value of which was just then far higher than that of so much potable gold. As for Johnny Day, only one service could be rendered him, and this they performed despite pro test entered by some discomfited croaks and flapping of heavy wings. But a benevolent Chinaman underwent great exertion to keep Kerrigan on the back of his uneasy-paced boast until his journey's end; and the upshot of it all was that after certain nightmare-fever -weeks, Kerrigan came to himself in a Ballarat hospital, lord of his own shaky hands, and of little else besides, his other possessions being mainly a very few shillings, and a small battered leathern writing-case, which had belonged to Johnny Day. These, however, were soon surprisingly augreented, as about that time his laconic uncle died, much wealthier than anyone had supposed, and in a characteristically brief last will and testatment, named IMar tin Kerrigan sole heir, for no particular reason except that it seemed the least troublesome thing to do. Thus it came about that Kerrigan found himself one fine morning walking along a quay in Sydney, a very rich man. Not that he re garded himself from this point of view; what struck him as the great feature in his situation, being that he was a man who could now take ship forthwith for the old country, the old life, the old people, and never leave them again. For nearly twenty years he had resolutely kept his thoughts turned out of that impossible channel, and its sudden .opening seemed to engulph them all, so that the thousands which had accrned to him impressed him as a sort of glorified steamer-ticket. When he went to book his passage, he almost amused the bored clerk by the unnecessary vehemence of his "Single, ~ir; single, single, thank the Almighty !" in reply to an ordinary business question. He had quite re covered yet he wsee haunted by super stitious forobodings lest he should no live through the long hot days which must pa~s before his boat sailed, though they could be counted on the fingers of one hand. Buying small- sized presents-bhe had not yet realised that portability now no longer greatly concerned him-for everybody he could think of, proved the most effectual distraction, and they formed the bulk of tir agage with which he went on board at the s4. moment permitted. Still, despiy .i11 this childish bustle and eagerness, he was not laying up dis appointment for himai£ by inmagining in possibilities about his return; he took precautions against that. Meagre letters from home had kept him apprised of such capital events as deaths and marriages, and he ?WEy that time must have wrought other changes: Iis father and some of his brethren were gone, and the youngest children. who had squcake4 "Good-bye, Marty," as the ear grated ipast baow their perch atop of the haggard wall on that miserable MLarch morning were irrecog nis?bleo men and women. During these few days Kerrigan looked at his face in the glass oftener than he had done in the course of twenty ye.ars, and he s:aw one which was over-much furrowed and grizzled for the right side of two score. The inference which he drew from the re flection was that hn must expect to find his mother quite old and whlito-haired, and to meet in his older brothers and sisters people who, if you came to consider it, could not be called young. But this was a mere matter of detail compared with the fact that there they were, to be seen and spoken to again, in the white house at the end of Farrell's Loning. Kerrigan thought he knew every inch of that townland, a very green pastoral corner of a northern county, where the country side is crumpled into soft hillocks and hollows, and where the small fields are divided by tall thick hedges, which throw their shadow halfway across the grass at sunset, when the summer evenings are clear. They are so often misty skied, and there is so often rain on the air, that a hand thrust among a clump of leaves generally comes out wet, and the tree-stems and wallstones are thickly powdered with pale yellow lichen dust. But a man, he said to himself, might lose his way there for ever and a day without a chance of coining on the horror of a huge glaring wilderness, which haunted his dreams, and sometimes drew him waking into its desolation by the memory of one piteous grave. SAnd high above this sense of escape, and exuberant still in spite of all the pruning to which he had wisely subjected them, sprang the joyful anticipations summed up in the fact that he would be at home again. His new wealth, with its vast, hardly tested power of making things pleasant, occurredto him in this connection only as a subordinate though agreeable incident, not by any means to be set on a level with the delight of walking once more up the narrow path along the thick privet hedge, towards the door where his mother and "the lot of them" would meet him saying, " Well, Marty ! well man alive." But with a cautious foresight, which sensitive people acquire in self-defence, he resolved to say nothing about his fortune until after his arrival, so that if he found himself oppressed by melancholy in the presence of household lessee and changes, he might shake it off the better through the excitement of announcing the good news. That any credential of the kind could be requisite to ensure him his welcome was a notion which. naturally never visited his mind. Accordingly he simply wrote that he was coming home by such and such a steamer, and hoped his letter would find them all in good health, as it left him, thank God I which threw no light upon his financial condition. The weeks of his homeward voyaging were probably the happiest in his life. He travelled in the steerage, because he was alarmed at the elegance of the cabin for which he had paid, and he had reason to congratulate himself upon his change of quarters, as among the steerage passengers he found one friendly spirit, a stout, dark eyed. south-Irish matron, bound for her little house in Mallow with a joy matching his own. " May goodness pity them, the unlucky poor people i" he heard her say one day in a tone of heart-felt com miseration as they passed an outward bound emigrant ship; and he so thoroughly shared the sentiment, that he ventured into discourse with her, and had some of his gruff shyness thawed away by a genial sympathy. Thenceforth Kerrigan might frequently be seen beside Mrs Mooney's maroon velvet bonnet and comfortable violet and green plaid shawl, and on these occasions the chances were that he was "wearing his hearer" in the praises of Drumclogher Farm, its inmates, and general surroundings.- But his good-. natured hearer wore well, and had interest, and even advice, forthcoming when con sulted about the little presents, which he kept by him, and looked at so often that their neat white wrappings or glazy card board boxes grew trunhled and thumb marked. In fact exposure to the sea air wrought so detrimentally upon anelaborate filagreed frosted silver brooch, which he destined for his youngest sister Maggie, that its tarnished aspect became quite a serious vexation .to. him, as his vexations .went just than:. . CHAPTER II. 'slut when he walked up that narrow privet-hedged path one bright, brisk-aired, late-September afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened fouhim by a stupid, strange slip of a girl, who shut him into the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely that she would "get somebody to him." This somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of what might have intervened since the date of his last home letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured up blurred .way all the pleasure of meeting his brother Tom, and Tom's wife, who at last came in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he scarcely dared auk, " And how's mother P I suppose I'll be seeing her presently ? " " Why then haven't you heard tell ? " said Tom. "She was well the time Maggie wrote," LMartin said defiantly. "Och and well enough she is, for that matter, if that was all. I thought some body was after writin' you word. She's got married again-there's foryou-and me poor fathernot a twelve month in his grave, this minute; not till after Christmas I " "Married again? mother married-that's great," said Martin, laughing, while about his ears clattered down the ruin of the house where he was to have spent much of his time in being very kind to her, and getting her everything she liked that money could buy. "You may call it so. And the fellow she's took-a man by the name of Carter used to be cgmin' here about cattle grazin'. A big, fat lout, fit for nothin' but fuddlin' himself with whiskey. Owns all manner of property out in Queensland, if you're to believe his account; I don't. But anyway it's there they packed off to, last month; ~jke enough your boats crossed one another pospewherq," "Well, the divil's in it," said Martin, "Carter was after the bit of money father left in her own control," Tom said explanatorily, "a thing he'd no right to have done, and that's tlhe thanks he got for it-in six months." "And herself with a great big red poppy cocked on top of her bonnet, uinserted Mrs Tom, " fit to flare the sight out of your eyes." "But as for what bewitched an old womanuo her time of life,";' Tom went on, "to go and make such a laughing-stock of herself, I'm not offerin' an opinion." "You might then," said his wife, "for often enough, before there was any talk of such a thing happenin', I've told you to mark my words your mother was gettin' too fond of a drop; and once a body takes tpi that, there's no foolery need surprise you. Why, my good gracious, the very last time they were in this room,there was neither of the pair of them that I wouldn't have said had had something stronger than egg-broth, and it not ton o'olock in the mornin', That was the reason of my sayin', if you noticed, the key'd got lost, when she passed a remark about the de canter of sherry-wine." There followed a long, painful pause, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than the devil were in it. When he broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to be a certain fitness in the reply that Arthur had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress thither lhalad not formed a sharply outlined incident such as are c)ronicled in one's correspondence. Then MIrs Tom said: "And where are you stoppin' now, IMartin ?" "Oh, last flghit I slept at Drogheda," he said, with a confused start, 5: and then and then I came on here.' " Oh, we could put him up," said Tom, lO thorough! than his wife ini carrying out their preconcerted policy of letting Martin know at once that if he chose to lose his chances, and quarrel with his well-to-do relations, and come trapeaing back, the Lord could tell why, or what he thought he'd get by it, it was his own affair, hut he needn't suppose he was going to live on them." "In course, if it's only for a night or tio," Mrs Tom said, with emphasis, "a couple of the boys might sleep in the loft. It'~s as fWll of dru~hts as it oan old, but there's no other way I can manage." Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling some thing about being sorry to put them out that much. He would have gone away at once, had not a glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Pacific, bewildered him and puzzled his will, as he stared at his mother's old sampler, still hanging glazed and faded on its accustomed nail. Besides that, he could not at the moment think of any one place to set out for more than another. Also he had some wish to see his sister. Maggie, and they told him that she would not come home till late that night. So he said to himself that things might be pleasanter, somehow, in the morning. They were not, however, except in so far that Maggie, tall and twenty-three, had still the same clear grey eyes as when she was four years old, and seemed glad to see him in ashy, suppressed sort of way. Fro the rest, little Francy choked and sneezed at breakfast,whereupon his mothersaid pointedlythat itwas enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft with a blast through it like a win nowing machine. It was a saint's day, and she had not been ;able to forbear putting on her best purple merino; but she con sidered it expedient to .counteract this symptom of prosperity by bidding the children not to crumble and waste their bread, which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their months with those times. She remarked, too, that as" butter was ten prices, .he would not break the second pat that morning-unless Martin would take another bit, which he declined to do. Tomt had apparently forgotten all the old house. hold jokes and adventures which Martin recollected most clearly, and. when re minded how they had said ordono this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might. His air was resolutely ab stracted, and curt his speech. But when the womankind and children had gone to' lMass, which naturally disposes men to talk about business matters, hle en larged at great length upon the unsatis factory state of 'his own affairs. It ap peared that what with the sum he had paid for the interest in the lease when taking on the farm from his mother, and what with the sight of money going after Maggie next month into her convent at Belfast, where she was to profess, and what with the general badness of agricultural pros pects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or the hour when he might not be making a composition of so much in the pound, and the next thing he knew, he would have a wife and half-a-dozen chil dren on his hands. Having thus conducted his family to the door of the -workhouse, with an ostentatious parade, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother's more immediate concerns. " And what have you a notion of doin' now, Martin ? " he said. "You made no great things of it out. there, I should suppose." "Oh,I'11 rub along one way or the other," said Martin. He felt a faint, dreary satis faction at the thought that his brother was taking all these precautions against a false alarm. As for the news of his own riches, he had not the heart to produce them. fThat whole story was now like a flower just dropped in pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at; and Tom had helped to shake off the petals. The vagueness of Martin's reply rather quickened Tom's apprehensions. "There's. California now," he said; "people have great talk of the fruit-growing business. I believe there's money in it. Had they any such thing out where you were ? " "Some," said Martin. "I should suppose," said Tom, "that a man with no capital to speak of.might get employment at it ready enough, if he had experience. You've been knoekin' around a goodish bit " . "Nigh twenty.year it is," said Martin. "A man was tellin'. me only the other day,'J said Tom; "of a party goin' out there from lQueenstown next' week. Tuesday I thi aheo said;---Uncum monm nssunanliothe' fares were; hoe-said.": Some of thonls had been kisi' him to join. A fine chanieo he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn't swear now whether it's Tuesday or unr,,,,w-,* ,, "I landed Thursday ovenin', and here's Saturday-not two days clear," Martin said meditatively. But Tom misconstrued the import of those calculations, and said eoncouragingly, "You'd runim down there in p'enty of time, if that was .all. And any way you could be makin' enquiries. I wouldn't wonder if it was worth your while." "I wouldn't wonder," said Martin. He had suddenly quite determined to leave Drumelogher by that night's train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the surface of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him .an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing up and down in the little garden strip at the back of the house. He watched her for a while, and then went out and joined her. Maggio was reading a little old book of devotions, which made her feel as if she were back again in the long, elm-shaded nun's walk at Saint Mary's Convent, where, however, she would not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because he re membered that his mother had liked him to wear a smart one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so that Maggie had scarcely broken off in the middle of her psalm, when he was saying, "Look here, Maggie, will I tell you a bit of a secret ? D' you know I've come into a lot of money-a thundering lot. Old Uncle Francis left me every rap he'd got, and he'd made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, Maggie, is that if you haven't altogether made up your mind to this nun business, you'd maybe come along and keep house for me- anywhere you might fancy; it's all one. And as for spending, by Jingo, you might carry on like a digger with a big nugget, you might so. And supposin' there was trouble with those convent people about your breaklrin' your contract, or whatever it is, why I could stump up any amount; so never you mind that. I've a notion you and I'd get on together first-rate, and in the matter of money, we could live like fighting cocks." Kerrigan knew full well that he was blurting out unconthly and roughly what he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him as little as it has done many other people in like case, and he ended with a conviction that he had ruined his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness to the fruit of frustration and failure. Yet. in reality eloquence could have here availed him nothing. -It would merely have added to his sister's discon certion by rendering less preposterously impracticable this alternative scheme suddenly held up -between her and her securely mapped out future. As it was, the incongruity had a reassiring glare. How should there be any link between her destiny and that of this gaunt, harsh featured stranger, whose grizzled, black bearded visage had only now and then a passing look which reminded her dimly of some long while ago, as his voice jarred famniliar with foreign tones in his half unintelligible, slangy talk about his monery. Maggie cared rather less for monvey than he did himself, and was heartily weary of hearing people discourse about how much and how little of it they had. Could Martin have known, he might as hope fully have offered her one of the glowing marigold discs out of the border at her feet in exchange for her long cherished dream of a life nestled in among quiet, cloistered gardens, and grey walls that niched a tiny whito cell, stainless and still as the chamber in a spiny hlorse-chest nut burr. Any proposal which seesmed to seriously mpnace thie realisation of that dream would have struck her indeed with sore dismay, and oven now she was so ob viously shocked and startled that Martin felt almost as if he had by inadventure thrown a stone near somo small, wild creature,whom he did not mean to frighten. Before she had answered; he had read in her peared ees the fate of hisi last attempt to pick up one strand of the old severed life across the chasm of years. "Ah I Martin, don't talk that way. How could I do such a thing ? It would be just turning back at the gate of heaven," said Maggio, with sincere solemnity; having at the moment a very clear vision of her gentle motherly Novice Mistress waiting there to bid her welcome, of spacious hall and corridor, where the dimmest recesses held the light mid incense of tall lilies, of the serone-counfbnanced sisters chanting in their choir,fileeked with ruby and ame thyst under the jewelled window-all seen through the shismmer of a mystical bridal veil. It was no wonder that talk about living like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like human speech. "'Well, well, never mind about it then, Maggie girl," said Martin; "it was no more than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly sort oflittle kid you used to be in the old days. You needn't let on I ever mentioned the matter; they'd maybe bother you about it. And I won't say either but that you may be right to step in there, if you think you've got the chance; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, as far as I've sampled it. But I'm off by the next train, so I'll say good-bye. And here's a bit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else-she fancied them large-sized, I know. It's a general view of 'the town and har bliou' of Sydney, done in' silver work. I ,don't'know-you would be let wear such a thing, but perhaps, it might come in handy for pinning on your wings with-nuns are a Irind of walking aigel, as I understand." He went off jocosely, as suited his witti cism; but Maggie, though on the whole re lioeved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and for the first time glanced at his request from his own point of view. There was something in his walk, as he disappeared among the yel lowing currant bushes, that reminded her of her father; and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so stiff, and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she would have responded to his essays at conversation. However, she con soled herself a little by resolving that she would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no more. He neither announced nor denied that he was going rid Queenstown to Cali fornia, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, from hints which they let. fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to the culture of oranges and apricots. Just before he started, he gave a bit of crumpled paper to little sneezing Francy, and the child afterwards exhibited it to his father, observing-" He said it was for board and lodgin'." But Tom Kerrigan snapped it away angrily, saying that it was only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom opened-hlie would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ten- pound note. (To is Continued.) 