SPORTING. By ' Mascotte.' Mr T. S. Dean, who rodo Cerberus in tho Grand National Stecpleohaso, and was severely censured by the stewards for un necessarily punishing his mount, called at tho Argus offieo on Monday night to explain that Cerberus is a horse that bleeds very freely, and that the animal looked to have bceu punished moro than ho really was. Mr Dean asserts that he did not use his spurs when ho saw that . pursuit of Daimio was hopeless. Cerborus cut his stifles badly at au early stage of the race, and on the following day could scarcely walk. After his victory 'in tho Julv Handican on Saturday, Tho Admiral, who is now running better than ever he did, was taken on Saturday night for tho Cauliield Cup in a number of doubles with Melbourne Cup horses. His weight has not been increased in- tho mile and a half race as n consequence of his latest win, his impost standing at 9st lib, including a 3lb penalty incurred on Saturday week ... Since the race was instituted in 18S1, Daimio is the only horao to wintbeV.R.C. Grand National Stceplechaso twice. This year ho won in a cautcr, und did the journey in record time. The Cantain and Division havo been withdrawn from tho Melbourne Cup. In connection. with tbo national testi monial to W. G. Grace, some of his admirers wero foolish enough to go to the length of suggesting that W.G. hud as much claim to knighthood as Henry Irying 1 A correspon dent of the London Sportsman wittily cut up these fulsome flatterers by ironically re marking that nothing less than a peerage would adequately meet the case, and jocu larly suggested the title Lord of ' Lords ' J Tho Now Zealand bred jumper, Dart, who ran sccond to Daimio in the Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday, has joined the Mill Park strinc, having been purchased by Mr Miller for 375 guineas. ' Augur's Ghoit ' saya that Turmoil has gone, into Jack Hoystead's stable at Naran dera. It is stated on good authority that tho Gibson Bros.', the owners of Daimo, never bet. but that thov onlv win fnr Mio linnnr. It is this class of sportsmen that earnt for racing the title of tho 11 sport ot kings.' The Narandera team that is to take part in tho polo tournament at Hay includes Dr. Watt and Messrs M'Pheraonaud M. Jenkins. 'Augur's Ghost' is responsible for stating that tho Messrs Gibson Bros., of Kerarbury, the owners of Daimio, have pro mised a cujj to the Narandera Turf Ulub aud also a similar trophy to the Polo Club. Amongst the N.T.C. donors of trophies is Mr F. Rudd, tho straight-going* owner of Escapade, and Mr T. Gough. Early Morn's dead heat for second in the Lawn Handicap at .Flomington oil - Saturday was full of merit. The six furlongs woro carved out in 1.15. Sunflower fell and broke his ncck whilo takiug part in tho Open Hurdle Race at Fleinington on Saturday. Polonious also met a similar fate. It .is reported that Early Morn has changed hands. The racehorse Rucnalf, who has been very sore for a considerable time, is being* indulged in a short spoil. The drawing in connection with tho St. Albans' estate stud distribution will pro bably take place in two months' time. When Baitoro fell iu the Grand National Steeplechase, his rider, Alf Williams, was injured. Spanker fell with Rheece, and | this unlucky jockey had both his elbows dis I located. I Underwood got a very nnsty fall when bunUowcr came to grief in tho Open Hurdlo Kace at Fleniington 011 Saturday. In con sequence. Brewer was engaged to take charge of Dart's steering gear, but the Syd ney liorseman quickly rallied, and relieved Brewer of the colors before tne starting bell rang.; It was a plucky thintj on the part of this cross- country artist, ' Jim Barbour says the win on Daimio was the easiest ho ever experienced on the back of any racehorso. No 'softer' thing has | been seen at .head-quarters for many a day. i It will take a lot of ' ballast ' to anchor the speedy son of Swivcllor in any iumpinc event. ' Floater was the first to turn turtlo in tho (jrand National Stcoplcchase. As he did so, that ready wit Ike Foulsham exclaimed, lhcrc goes my last bit,' Tho other Wes tern district candidate, Knebsworth, also failed to stsind up. Among the Cup horses in Sydney who aro doing well are Malice, Jeweller, Aureus, lrcuohant, Atlas, Delaware, Oxide, Now man, Nobleman, and lalanthus. 1 ®weetcst, purest, moat delicious and best Biscuits aro Arnott's Milk Arrow ROOTS. 