PTALE OF THE SEA. I ...'i' , .:. LIONEL, SpARa Wi =^ :'. : ', C d c tl ainces"ws. 'sa 1'Xviih:bi.' :iii1inelr''; Gi tin ve4ry'deisi -tj:i. fud whereiyo-t the Swiedl statd, astaehlint^ f1ir a 'ionct, o at d then. droppingt htaze, t lauglied in a very unuleasarint.iiainer. The mate's eyes. fashed, but . lie si'd nothing, I attempted to reasonu-withi U the Swede, but he only repeated his v menacing lnugh, and muttered: 'some- v thing-in Swedish, I suppose, for I t could make nothing of it. We then t relapsed into silence. The sea was calm, a and, being exhausted by -our sufferings f of the previous night, we felt sleepy. c Graham, however, - signalled me. to.keep( c awake. Very soon 'the Swede :slum- I. beied. - S"This fellow ' said the secoiid oficer, e is evidently resoled 'to have his own getsc it cC You are rigiht sir. '.said ; ":he is a 'a desperaite brute and perhaps some- e thinga · nich worse ;"and thenl told him my suspicions in ;,regardf ýto -;t loss 'of i our unfortiWate fellow-castaways.-? The' mate's eyes gleamed, and i ':th blood& l rushed to his face::. :For ia momentj Ii:c feared he would awaken the .Swede and, accuse :lhim pf muirder B . uB ihe con- b tented himself with looking darkly jat .the.sleeping Colossuus aud muttering : .' If I were sure of that-- " ' We can never be sure of it I has toned to say ; "hbut we must ,watchhim .closely .. . " Ay, and keep him-from the; brandy, " said:Grahatm. Tiat's so Jak' ; Wve 1t iwatch him, turn about.": SHe: then insisted on :my' takiing somg sleep, and being utteflywor aout 1I was:j glad enough to do so':. ;; :.: J I had slept, perhaps, a couple of hoi'rs when '- as aroused-suddenly by ab io f lent movement of the. boat.:;I'at, firsti' imagnied that our previous anight s ex- i perience was being reeated;, buti'a glan.e t sufficed to dispDel this illision ..iGalham ahidiJohaisen were locked in: a' frious struggle, :" *.. The mate was a powerful :mani, but he Wias ne matoh :fdi iis ri'wny tantago'nist. He was soon bedten itlhei contest. I was, coinsidering "how best t interfere. wi?hen suddenly- the Swieded, pre.sing Graiih a down :ipon the guninet, of ithe. boat, drew a large sailor's-knifefi' oin hi's I belt. He was raising 'tlhe weapon-above 'the mate's breast, w:hen 1 seizedlis feet in such a manner that he.slipped ftom the thwart uponwhliich' he was: kieeliug; with a heavy shock, and the'.kifi fell from his hand, ; :::.: 'Beforre I could realize what had hlp"i pened, the mate h:"d satched up, tihe .weapon and plungedl it into thae heart 6 ofi his-enemy . . The deed was ia.rdly committedi .whenl the deadly expression" of Graham's fea tures relaxed, and he burst into a passion of bitter regret, calling upon the' dea . mah ias thourgh lie had. been a brother. -r "a deairpst friend. W hein he '-at-leugth i realized thiat the Swede was dead, ,he sank :into uan apathy of despair troti whi;!i nboliing could arouse hiim. ' i :' The sun wias setting when tfiliis tradrr'dj occurred, and ever3 tim.€ I see ni; oceant siinset the di'eary and 'terrible' scden come.s back to mi in all its horror.l i r.-' The night pissedi anotlier day camn*e and went, and srtill 'alihani layste,pedi in, his despair-andt still the inerit and hideous evidence of his ciime renmaianed. in the boat. On the followinag morning. however, I succeeded in arousinig him. In broken accents" hie told me:hovl:he: liad allowed his weariness to overpower him--how, while sinking into sleep, he. had felt:. a hand creepiiga overt him. Avwaking, hefound tlihat it iwas Jobhinsen searching for the key .of the. locker in whichl (there being nIow,? unforftuhately, plenty of room) the little keg of .cognac' was stowed. -iHe .pushed hinim ff, iand : the struggle began. : ; have not," he said, despairiugly, "even the excuse of ,self-defence for, Sonce unarmed, we 'ight lihave coved or secured him, withouit proceeding to. x tremnities. It 'sa imui'der', ack. noth iug else. ,. I never coild keep my teniper;",; I endeavouaied' to justify him to jium- - self, but Wvithiouteffect. andIthien' ad vised:l getting., rid' 'of t"the body-7 -for ai certain hideous fear had come uipon me in: thinkingu heyw short of food we were.e \- Forimy own-part I- thought-we were well rid of the Swide, who it was clear mwould • not' have.recoiledl from munrdeir ito.'gritify his hatred and his desire for diink., l Had: !he succeeded in lilling Gi ahatf lie wouldi certainly have murdered :me too out of regard for his.own -'safety. I. at legth. prevailed: unpon Graham to help me cast the Ibody ir ithe sea. :-.Unfortunately Sthere was, not a breath iof -wind, and the 'water was like' glassp': so that the corpse Sclung tdo the.side of .the boat, ais though it^-- were' determined " to see :that the wretched Graham should not get rid of the evidence of his crime. However, we seized each of us an oar and; pushingi 1 the thing away, rowed .:as, hard as'-we t could until the body was: almost .out of s sight. Then,' with:'sa sigh of relief, we 8 lay down to rest. . <The nghitcllosed in s upon us, and the morning-came,; and the corpse floated alongside.* the boat as be 0 fore. It had returned under cover of ' the darkness. Once again we bent to our oars and l fled from its presence. We knew well e enough that it was the mere physical law hof attraction we were fighting against, and no such superhuman agency as our imagination coujnrrad up ; yet the latter thought was no more to be evaded than ir the corpse itself. e We we now too weak to row very fast, \- and we could not even lose sight of the dead Swede, who returned once more as the sun was setting. Day succeeded day, and no help came -nor any change in sea or sky; but al .0 ways the saine pitiless serenity. And e tlie corpse, now swollen and dulsliirrecl. Sstill clung pertinaciously to the side of the boat. We consumed the last nmorsl1 of food, the last 1;drop of water; and still there was no ripple on tlie stagnant I surface of the sen, no cloud in the sky, r no stir in the air. The ago)Vn which t1h mato suffered is '"" "" ^ " .l ^ * eoand de~miion ....ie .presence of athe corps. o, d sInaq!': n enoiugi, to file, wa gto him ae rptn iWE i o' n 1ror. Tyi re vas indeed, :r nirtli : io :':inlesci4bal l euee of thelite ' o c';meit i.m t ijt ii a t enadr .i i,,t i poi .flni+? t!ta Ati .4ngti;. ha er?,-.. tle festeieri? flesh at t,?e d a sliark. 7 Te bidya w. dragged down afill fas-theteethl of the iionster tare': it a cendr' the g'eni ated: bases rose to,6 the surface in Icftid buobhliels:. The disaiptpei:riice'6f the bO:dy wa:ssa unispedaka ble relief, bit by this ttime we were in a- p-itiful. condition. Graliani who in .his misery had dirunk deeply of the cognac, wantdered iii his mi'nd at times, and then he enacted over and over again the scene of the murder, and often fanicied he saw the corpse floating near, or the living form of the Swede sitting oon the, stern-sheets or creeping towards himi. His.condition seemed far worse t?hrAno mine,. and. I pitied. him from my very-soul, :Beingin such ;desperate straits, it may well be imagined with what joy we per ceived, oie mor ning, the upper sails of a ship on the horizon. As soon, how ever, as it became certain that we. were .to ?e a, ved,( Graham's .momentary joy gave, place to .gloom. Johansen's death weighed heavily.on his mind, and though ;~I promised :secrecy, lihe: refused to be comf0?oted;C . !r.tetfier malke:a, eli?rr breast'= of. it, Jack," lie said "it'll ill6 come ourt, .whe.ther orn :I ca n feel.it.: Someh iw or other tt11, all come on There was ,a tone= of, inten?e convqetrn in these words-that impressed me deeply,?tbdtl I tried to cheer him and renewedr inyproP it le?: .th",ii e ? tiod. upii;: ti: -&eck; of, the Shi:-The :officers ?vere very kind; and aUl:i hands: crowy ed, round to havea ook. at' us. They were about. to, assist s 1belo whien the whole ships .com pany,,wererlstartied by. a wIild, unieartlily , ehshrirek' of6 t;error' and despiir?i? : '?tcarie. ftrm the thoa of Gratih?ia who With his eyes fixed onilne of the crew stand ing by, staggered backwards ?a?d flito :the deck -. Involunitarily I followed hiisi horrified gaze,: and :beheld- as .-- thoug.h the pha ntom of the dead seiaman, Johansen !. Ses, there he stood.'- st as .heavy,. just .as beetleblrowed, andi jist such ian attitdeas we .were accustomed to see him whilelivin:g.: 'I dno t iiow: what saved--me fromfarintingmcmyself ,for= liad not tlie lest doubt thatthe- dead man's ghost +,had come. to -claim vengeance on his murderer.. The ship's doctor raised up Grahlim, iut".tlhe unfortnnite -iimte s' htrt had' ceied to Biea T:hat teirilile shock had iThey I ' hey :all:turned .to me, and Ttam mered an explanation, lelt ng th em spp pose that. Jo?ansena ;h .id eid :r ihis privations 1; d hg f expected il1e` ghost" to, protest again st tli instea of diin?g so ire ca:me forward eagehrly. and. it then transpiired that .he :?sa, Johan3 T ihlidap ene d- very:mniv yitiears a -go buiiit o ao ime'" cou'ld not. effice from yonri od ,theo memory of .`tm'f(iifl, t irno . of -etutr in Geore <i :;,".n + l il.: 