A Man's Privilege, « STORY OF LOVE, ROMANCE AND \- MYSTERY. ' ; by ( » ; ;Vl DORA RUSSEIIl?!' Author of "The Broken Seal," "Hidden in My Heart," "Jezebel's Friends," "X Strange Message," "The Last Signal," "James Daunton's Fate," "The Vicar's Governess," . "Out of Eden," etc., ,A CHAPTER XII (Continued.) And Robert Leman was not the man to miss a desirable opportunity. As he handed Florence down the broad steps of his fathers house he made up his mind. Then he offered Florence his arm and she took it. and a moment later he laid his other hand on tiers. "I have something to say to you, Miss Dane," he said. "Yes," answered Florence, somewhat nervously. "It is this " continued Robert, glibly. " Long, long before your poor uncle left you his fortune, I admired you more than any woman I know. Ask my mother if this is not so? When they told me you were an heiress I felt it as a great blow. I told myself I could not be called a fortune-hunter even for the sake of trying to win the girl I loved best. But I have thought better of this. I have a fortune of my own. My poor mother left me every thing she possessed, and she also was an heiress. Therefore I know you can not "believe I am seeking you for your money. This is not so, indeed ! I love you, and ask you now have I any hope of gaining your love?" Robert Leman poured out this long speech so rapidly that Florence had no chance of stopping him until it was ended. Then in an embarrassed voice she spoke a few words "I am very sorry that you have said this, Mr Leman — that — that you — -" "Why?" asked Robert. "Tell me, Florence, why are you sorry that I have said this?" And again he eagerly clasped her hand. "Because," went on Florence, yet more embarrassed, "I— I cannot return the feelings you have expressed for mew I have a friendship for you — I am honored by what you have said — but — but we cannot control these things." Robert Leman was extremely disap pointed. He was a young man who had been smiled on by women, and a young man too, with a remarkably good opinion of himself. But he was no fool also, and could not mistake Florence's manner and words. He thereupon accepted the situation. He dropped her hand, and answered .with propriety, "I am indeed happy, then," he said; "but believe me, Miss Dane, I shall ever remain your devoted admirer, and' snay I say your friend?" "Yes, certainly, my friend," answered Florence, and they shook hands warmly .when they - reached ; Florence's door. But, all the same, Robert Leman felt he- had received & blow. He returned to his father's house with a downcast air, and he found the old man eagerly ! awaiting his arrival. "Well," he said, -'have you seen Miss Dane home? And I hope, Bob, you did not neglect such a good opportunity?" "I did not, sir," answered Bob, rue fully. "I tried and failed, for she would have none of me." "Thafs all nonsense," grumbled the old man. "Have none of you, indeed! I don't believe it; never take a wo- man's first answer. They always say no when they mean yes, and yes when they mean no." "They are doubtless extraordinary beings,", replied .Robert, for He could not understand how any woman had the' bad taste to' refuse him. "But it - is a fact; Miss Dane rejected me." "Try again," suggested Sir Robert. "I hope to goodness' it's not that fellow Wilde that's got aiiy influence over her? I dislike that fellow." (Commenced Publication August 3ist.J "Can't say,'! said Robert,4- and he re tired to bed feeling extremely sore. His vanity had been wounded, and with him it was a ruling passion. "So you won't have poor; Bob?" said Lady Leman . a few days later to Florence, for Robert Leman had made a confidant of his stepmother; adding as a salve to his own feelings when he told her of Forence's refusal. "I always said she was fond of that Herbert, and I am certain she still is. What a fool the fellow must have been to throw away such a chance." Lady Leman sighed restlessly. She was remembering her own words. She was wondering ho.w much harm she had done. CHAPTER XIII.— THE FACE IN THE CAB. Some weeks passed uneventfully for Florence Dane, after she had given this crushing blow to "Robert Leman' s van ity. Stephen Wilde went "constantly to ' Grosvenor Place, and ..he also heard from Lady Leman that Florence had re fused her stepson. "Bob thinks she still cares for Mr. Herbert," added Lady Leman. "Ste phen, are you keeping anything back about this?" — . - A ttn J- T Ixn "vvnat ao you mean: wiiat v;«mi a uc keeping back?" he 'answered. -" "It seems so strange about that girl." "That she ran away with him? Flo rence snubbed Herbert, after the little hints we gave her, and as I think I told you before, he must ..have consoled his vanity by making love to jthe other girl, and she is a woman— welll" And Wilde gave an expressive shrug to his shoul ders. "I don't like my part in it at all." said Lady Leman. "You did it for my sake; to help me," answered Stephen Wilde, with a tender ring in his voice. "Yes," and Lady Leman losias& at him, with her dark eyes; to heh you, Stephen, without considering, the feeling of the poor girl." "The poor girl's feelings will do very well, Judith. I think Florence actually likes me now." "And you?" "I like her in a way. I've not got any. love to give her, as you know very well, but to marry her is an absolute neces sity with me." Lady Leman made no answer. She knew Stephen Wilde .was speaking the truth .about his affairs, as her husband and Robert" Leman frequently alluded to his embarTasmentS. But she felt she had acted wrongfully to Florence Dane. She had erred fro Wilde's sake; for the sake of the love that still lingered in her breast for an unworthy man. But she liked the girl, and her own un happy marriage made her ever think distastefully, of a loveless bond. For she knew too well, and this gave her in ward subtle happiness— that Stephen Wilde cared nothing really for his cou sin. She believed that she herself was yet dear to him, and this belief in fluenced all her life. Still her conscience was uneasy, and Stephen Wilde saw this, though he did not fear that her loyalty to him would waver. He smiled indeed a little dis dainfully to himself after he had left her, when she had- told him that Robert Leman believed that Florence still loved George Herbert. "How weak she Is," he thought; "swayed hither and thither between what she calls good and evil. She did what I am about to do— did it with a vengeance, ton— married a disgusting old man, while Florence is really a good- looking girl. But I . have no choice, and I suppose she had hone. It's easy for a rich man to walk on the straight path, but a poor fellow must wriggle his way up as best he can. If I win Florence I'll think myself a clever fellow, for I've had to fight against tremendous odds." : Half an. hour later he was with Flo rence, and was jesting about her re fusal of Robert Leman. "So, my dear," he said, gaily, "I hear you have presented that notorious lady- killer, Bob Leman, with a wollow- branclu" Florence colored lightly. "Who told you such iion sense ?'' she answered. "His step-nipther.tcL me. Rob's van ity is paTt|y overwhelmed; lyJet he de clares that yftjir affections must have been pre-engaged, or you never would have been so blind to his attractions." /'What folly," said Florence, ..but the color deepened considerably on- her oval .cheeks. "But it's true, ish't it. Flo?" "I think such things should hever be spoken of." ' ; , "But imagine the feelings of the lady- killer! Bob has money in the bank; Bob is -the only, son and heir of the valiant knight; and Bob believed that the wo man did not live in this world who would refuse him!" "I wonder he mentioned it." "He was obliged to mention it. Sir Robert had fixed on it; you were asked to dinner tp give Bob his opportunity; Bob took his opportunity, and failed, while his mather was sitting up to hear of his success. Oh! poor Bob!" Florence could not help laughing. She was remembering the terms in which Robert Leman made his proposal. "He's a clever acj-or, I think," she said. " - "Oh, cruel -Flo! Is that air the pity you give-tohis broken Heart?"" "I don't believe in his broken heart," answered Florence, ;a little scornfully. "Nor I, but still believe he was wo- fully disappointed-and well lie might be." Stephen Wilde said the last few words in rather a lower tone, but Florence heard them. Then she began talking of something else, and the conversation drifted on to literature, and here Wilde was in his element. He talked well, 1 easily and fluently, but all his words were more or less tinged with sarcasm. "Each, man fights for himself," he said, presently, . "and the strongest wins." : "Yet I could believe In self-sacrifice; in forgetfulness of self," answered Flo rence. "That is because you are young and innocent, my. dear;, and see the world only through, your Own pure eyes, and not as it is. I am different." For am oent a dark look crossed his face, and he turned- restlessly away. But only for a brief space. He either was, or affected to be, in extraordinary good spirits and remained to dine with Florence, and they spent a very pleas ant evening together. Yet the very next day such a very extraordinary in cident happened that Florence's peace of mind was, for the time at least, again completely upset. She' was shopping during the after noon in Oxford street. When she had completed her purchases, she walked to the door, followed by a. shopman, carry ing her parcels. As" the" shopman gave them to her servant, Flarence's eyes chanced to fall , on a.hansopi cab passr ing down the street. The next instant she started violently, and a vivid flush rose to her cheeks. ; In the hansom she was almost sure she saw a face she knew. A face she could never forget — the handsome face of Nora Ford, with its crown of golden hair. Florence was greatly agitated. The cab disappeared swiftly in the crowd, but for a short time Florence stood gaz ing after it almost overcome. What did this mean? Nora Ford in London and not in India with George Herbert,, as shcwas supposed to be? Florence asked herself this question again and again with a fluttering heart as she was driven home. She returned to Gros venor Place at ;once, and had scarcely got there when she sent a telegram to Stephen Wilde to summon: him to her side. - He came in almost an hohr, and found Florence visibly disturbed. She was pale, she was trembling, and her sensitive lips quivered as -she spoke, i "Stephen," she said, taking his hand. "I've been so startled— I — I saw this af ternoon — someone- " "Who did you see?" asked Stephen ! Wilde quickly. ."Someone whom I hoped never -to see again — whom r have tried to forget — whose name I have never . mentioned," answered Florence, with agitation. "Weil, who was it?" . "Nora Ford," answered Florence, in a low concentrated voice. -I am - almost sure. - I was standing at a shop door in Oxford street, and she passed in. a cab. I do not hink I could be mistaken. What does this mean?" An angry expression for an instant crosed Stephen Wilde's face. "It means that you have been mis taken," he said, a moment later. "Nora Ford is not in London, but in India with George Herbert." "But are you sure?" "I am quite sure that she went to In dia at last with him. I know a fellow who saw them together at Southamp ton, but as you said I had never to men tion her name to you again, I did not . 'ell you of this before. Florence heaved a long, quivering sigh. 'Can she have returned?" she said. "He must have tired of her very- soon, then! ..No, my dear Flo, jrou have mis taken someone else for her. She is not a very uncommon type, you know." "Yet I could almost swear I saw her face." "My dear, how could you? It's abso lutely impossible. Even if Herbert had turned her adrift, it's most unlikely she would be here. Put the idea out of your mind, Florence. I am sure it is an ar- roneous one, unless it was the poor lady's astral form that the spiritualists talk about!" And Stephen Wilde gave a short, hard laugh. But Florence' did not laugh "It Is very strange !" she said, slowly. " I know her fdee so well — perhaps she may be dead." " Not she ! But dead or alive, do not think about her. Why, my dear Flo rence," continued Wilde, taking her hand, "it's given you quite a scare. You are puite pale." " It has given me a great shock ; it 4 has brought it all back again — all that I wished to forget." " You must forget it. Flo, may I ring for a whiskey-and-soda, foir I came in such hot haste the moment I received your telegram that I feel t require a little extra support." " Order what you like, ' of course," said Florence ; but she found that for many days after she could not forget the haunting face she had seen in the cab. CHAPTER XIV.—' WOBURN HALL. Among the many possessions which Florence Dane had inherited from her uncle was one which she had never seen, a country house called Woburn Hall. Mr Dane had purchased the pro perty shortly before his sudden death, intending to take Florence there in the spring. But no spring days were fated to dawn for Htm again. Yet when the chill February days came round, Flo rence felt a strange wish to see for the first time her country home. A change would do her good, she felt ; a complete change of scene, and so she decided to leave town for a while. But when she told Stephen Wilde of her in tentions, he did not look over well- pleased. " I hope, you'll invite me down there," he said. - . " Yes,' answered Florence, smiling, " you can come down on Saturday even ing sometimes, and stay over Sunday, and that will not interfere with your work." " But what if I get sentimental, Flo, among the snow-drops and the icicles?" " Please do" not get sentimental/ " Well, I'll do my best, but — I cannot be quite certain, you know ! And this baronial residence of yours, what is it like ?" "An old grey handsome house, poor uncle told me ; he partly furnished it, you know." " Is it haunted ?" "That I cannot tell you, but I hope not." . - " I hope not, too ; spirits are uncanny company to my mind. But when are you going ? I had better go down with you and see you safely settled." "Oh, no. I'll do very. well. I'll take , Mrs, Mitchen and Banks with me, and ? must have the place put in order before I can receive company." " And you look upon me as com pany " A -man Is always in the way, you know," answered Florence, brightly, " when things are out of order. Women can put up with discomforts, but they, cannot. Isn't that quite true, now ?" " I believe, my dear, it is ! Men can rough it as a rule ; bear real hardships, but when it comes to the small annoy ances of life, I must confess they are somewhat selfish." " I am glad you confess it ! Wait then till my carpets are put down and' my rooms well aired, and everything is com fortable, and then I shall be glad to sea you at Woburn." Stephen Wilde laughed. " What a cruel little girl you are," ha said, " to condemn a fellow by his own words. Come, Florence, I am not so bad as that ! I am willing to risk draughts, ghosts and icicles, for your sake if you will allow me." Florence smiled and shook her head. "No," she said; "and I will pro mise when I have discovered the haunted chamber that you shall not ba put into it." " When are you really going then ?" ." The day after, to-morrow — Thurs day." " Well, I shall come and see you off at any rate." " Don't give yourself the trouble ; I shall do very well." Nevertheless when the -day came for Florence to leave town, Stephen Wilde went to Grosvenor Place to see her off, and accompanied her in her carriage to the station. > " Why should I not ?" he said, when Florence objected to taking up so much of his time. " Your cousin — your near est friend." " Yes, my cousin, my friend," an swered Florence, and when they parted at the railway station she gmembered his words, and was glad to think she was not quite alone in the world. Woburn Hall is about three hours/ railway journey from London, and somewhat chilled and tired, on a bleak February afternoon, Florence first cams in sight of her new home. A grand old mansion, standing, grey and imposing at the end of a long avenue of leafless trees, waving their bare branches under the dull sky. Still Florence felt a sort of pride swell la her breast as she looked at her new. possession: And then— so strange is the human heart— that one of those subtle links which lurk unseen within and around us, her. mind wandered to a far different scene, to a glowing Eastern sky ; to a dark and often weary face. "Why can I not forget him ?" thought Florence, with a restless sigh. But he had not much time to indulge in bitter memories. The hired carri age she had got at the station soon drew up before the handsome entrance; and the servants she had sent on to re ceive her — Banks, her late uncle's but ler, and a footman— ran down the steps to meet their mistress. There was a bright fire in the large hall; bright fires in every room that was furnished. The luggage was brought in; there was the stir and excitement of arrival, the in spection of the new house. A really fine old house, too. It had belonged to a race that - had "issed a\Vay;an ancifentrace whose fortunes had fallen; but the surroundings of gentle birth seemed to linger about the place. The dining-room, with its car ved oak panels, its broad tables and massive chairs, which Mr Dane had purchased with, the house. Even the antique timepiece, which, had told the passing hours to those who knew the hours no more, all were of the past. Florence was naturally much inter ested. She went from room to room, accompanied by Mrs Mitchin, her house keeper, and Banks, the butler, who had been two days at Woburn, and had al ready looked over the whole plaice There were only two or three bedrooms furnished, and the long drawing-room was empty except for the gilded mir rors inserted in the walls. Florence therefore, had much to do and thinli of. Carpets and curtains were to be considered and ordered,<£.nd with note book In hand she went through her ; spection. . (To be Continued. ' \ 