DottiDgs from the Desert. [By X.] TWO WELLS Twenty years age was a thriving centre of a large agricultural district. Money, in consequence of good prioes for produce, wa* abundant and although possessing no fea tures of great natural beanty there were few more desirable places to live io. Now tbe scene is changed. Death has been busy among its old identities and the ghost of its former business alone remains. There »re many old residents still in the district stiok ing to their old association* with tbe pertinacity of true Bricaius. ' Lite sturdy oaks withstand the storm, Believing things will sopa reform ' Its silent mill, wrecked *od untenanted bouses, nil bear testimony to the faot of Its glory being departed. Oh, Two Weils In thy prUtta* days When Warreu ruled th« roost. Thy* turd j farmers round thee were Thy honor and thy bout. ? ? ' : Thy tradeimen with plethoric ehopa gtoodemllingi»t*hpdoor«{ . And little reoked if ciutonjen Kon op extended scores. - ' -~~ Thy doctor bland and affable, ? ? '? With oduoatod miod, . ; Extended heatlag aats'to all— Oonslderate and kind. ? But now. Two Wells, 'tla gad for thee - Thy WarreijV dead And ifpne— ? His mill a silent record stands Pre-eminently lorlorn. Thy farmers, indigent Indeed, As wti-n they first began, Are trying to keep themselves ftUV« With h»y * porind a ton. -?'-?- Thy tr«de«mett-««»w wltWn -their «aop« Are never smuing jnpre, But «tady witn minatest oare Each indlvidoal score. Toy 4o9*or now deserted by His erstwhile Btaoneiiest friaad ; ?mUetlU dispense his hailing »rt With Uaflnegg to the end. Oh, TwaWella.-Iet pot gpttebOness Be felt by oas aupther, II poor extend not bitterness ' To any lerring brother, ' ..?? f vrnvvBcmon '? . ; for' councillor*: doied greet ,ex«itement at Two Wells on Monday^ in9 tb|« w« much intensified when it became known chat it bad to be postponed until next Monday in oon ?equenoa of not having enough ballot papers. . Of the seven contesting candidates for whom there are warm partisans. I am inclined to tip the following :-~ Whan Will. McOord shall test the bos To find the first majority ', The name of Woslay will be found To haw: the best priority* And when again the omper The other votes have reckoned — The genial Benny Oowan friends, U Bare to be the eeaond. TWIer toe balance A the voM Tbe pi»o who'* frtre K» takp.'em : .: .^ Is one who served you well before Jolly Harry Ueoo pb. ? A oabiegram in Monday's papers stated ' that the Gawler Plains Irrigation Oonjp»ny is likely to be floated very shortly. 