RKCOGiriTIOlf OF SERVICES RENDERED. A BANQUET TO MR. J M'SHANE. On Friday evening last sixteen gentlemen met at the Kialla Hotel, Violet Town, for the purpose of saying goodbye to Mr. John M'Shane, who is leaving the district, and presenting him, with some .token, of their esteem in recognition of the services rendered by him to Violet .Town. The following pcrsous were present: — Messrs. I. Wallace and A. M'Kenzie, Js.P.', and .Messrs. Lime;Gordon,Neil, H. Murray, 8\. Fenton, T. G. Boskin, Mornement, Southern, Hill, Lonier, Latimer, H. Grogan, Thomns.and the goest of the evening—Mr M'Shane. Mr M'Kenzie proposed tlmt Mr. Wallace should occupy the chair. He thought he was the right man for the position. Mr Fenton was pleased to second the proposition. •Mr. Wallace, on the other hand, contended that as Mr M'Kenzie was the prime mover in the affair he should be chairman, and be moved accordingly. Mr Lane seconded the amendment. The motion was carricd unoniniously. -Mr Wallace,' on taking the chair, said —Well, gentlemen, you must be all aware of the object of this gathering— to. say good-bye to Mr M'Shane. But before we go any further I will ask you tn show your loyalty by honoring the toast of Her Majesty. " The Queen" was then honored. ' Mr. C. Southern then followed with a song entitled " Forget me not," which was much appreciated. The chnirmau—I will now nsk you to charge .your.glasses again and drink to the health Of " Our Guest." After thi& toast has been honored, M. .M'Kenzie has a presentation to maker .*' Our Guest" -was then drank in champagne, with musical honors, after Which Mr M'Kenzie had a pleasant, duty to perform—to present Mr M'Shane with a gold locket, on lielinlf of the subscribers and those present, in recognition of tlie iservices rendered bj him to Violet Town and district. The locket was in the form of a horse-shoe—on emblem of good ' lock—and lie hoped that good fortune would attend him wherever he setded. The locket was also suitably inscribed. It was not the value of the present that should be taken into consideration, but it showed the good-will of tlie subscribers and ' friends to Mr M'Shane. He hoped that the latter would wear it, mid that whenever he looked upon it lie would : remember his many friends in Violet Town. He knew that ho (Mr M'Shane) was lenving the district for a time, but he lioped it was not forever. Tlie speaker then handed the locket to Mr M'Shane. Mr Lane had great pleasure in speaking to the toast, ns he knew the ninny good qualities of Mr M'Shane. As neighbors, iu the. same business, they .ROt_flB_WfiU, . being .always willing to help one another in 'every possible way, and he was sorry ~tn lose such a good townsman. Mr M'Shane had done much work in' the Severance movement that no other man could hnve done— that was the getting of signatures iu the North riding. The people owed him many thanks . for his labors iu this direction, for. he -greatly aided in the obtaining of a new. shire. He wished him success and happiness in- his new home, and be hoped that lie would return in a short tinie and contest a seat for tlie Central Riding in the new shire couiicil. ' He (tlie speaker) could also bear tegtitniijiy to the kindness of Mrs M'Sliahii iimo was always ready to help in any gbod object. Mr S,- Fenton could not .allow the ppportudity to pass without saying something about Mr M'Shane. Mnny years iago, when lie (the speaker) was in trouble he stood by him like a friend and did all he could to help him, therefore he conld not forget him. He had khown Mr M'Shane ever since lie came to Violet Iown,-juid could say that he had proved himself a first-class worker lor the town and district. He was an honorable man in business, and one who was always ready to do a good turn. When he was in the Euroa Council he did good work, and if he were to put lip for a seat in the hew Council of the 1 Shire of Violet Town he would be elected. The speaker also knew Mrs M'Shaue whom he characterised as benevolent to a fault.. Mr G._Ncil thanked Mr M'Shnne, on behalf "of ; the .local cricket club, for the interest he had taken In the club sinco its inception; and expressed a hops that tlioy were not going to lose him altogether. \- ! ' ' • 31 • Mr M'Slmne, in responding, said he did not know howto tlmnk the friends for their .kind,wishes and handsome present. He did not think he -.desiirved it. He had done lus best for the district and it pleased him to find that his efforts had been appreciated. He lmd left Violet Town-for a holiday, but lie hoped to take Ins abode here , again. . He would always be pleased to wear the locket and show it to Jus friends. He also thanked! those present for the kind remarks about Mrs." M'Shnne and the children. The next toast honored wns'.'Our. Loeal Government.' 1 This was proposed hy;Mn M'Eenzie, who: said that, hitherto the^ Euvoa-folk. Jind had the f ntted calf to themselves, but now Violet ;Town was. to , liave its- eliare. * Ho, thought.the new shire would start with , a good credit, and that -it-would he worked with^od feeling to tlie benefit of the ratepayer^. ^ -It- was a. credit for : the Violet TWn folk to wrest.the territory from such large ,shires asi.- Bena'ln and Euroa. He hoped the, .ratepayers, wolild hare gdod representatives m the new^ounpll and .then, ererytliing would go-on well. \- Mr. JsToil .then' fdvored the^ company •with a-songjin'first-classityle.^ ,' • Mr. Lane, in responding io the toast «aidlieliad'1>een a representative for ?V)olet Town In the Euroa ^Council for twoiyears = nnS lie Itnew: a llide abont Go^ctl.worl^ tbat when tlie new council started operations they should sec that the ratepayers in the country had their wants served first. As little ns possible should be spent in Violet Town. If the people had good roads tliey would come in and do their business which they were unable to do at present. He lioped the uioney would be judiciously spent, and that there would bo no cavilling. He considered it was a good job they had left Euroa He had not worked as hard as many others in tlie matter of Severance, but still his heart was in the movement, and ho had always advocated it and signed the petition throe times to get it. Now the shire has been granted it should be worked as economically as possible. Mr. S. Fenton approved of the words of the last speaker in reference to themaking of roads in the country. He thought this was very necessary. If good roads were made to the township people would come in and do their busi- ness. He remembered the time when the Severance movement started first— many years ago—and he had always supported it. Mr. Latimer next sang " The Gauntlet" in his usually good style. " The Rural Industries" were next proposed by Mr. G. Gordon, who stated that at present they wore at very low ebb, but still he thought there were signs of improvement, and the prospects of the district were brighter than they had been. A song—" The hat M'Gniness wore' —was then pleasingly rendered by Mr Lorner. Mr. Lane, speaking on the rural industries, said that tilings were not very bright at present. The milking business had been very good, and many of the farmers asserted that they were making more money than they had for many years. The chairman said much good had been accomplished by the butter industry. Ho was intimately connected with it and therefore know something about the workings of the business. He considered the district was in a fairly prosperous state, mainly owing to this industry. "When people were asked about this industry n few years ago they " fought shy" of it—would not go into it—but I put my capital into it and have prospered. As showing the benefit the farmers derive from the industry, I have paid away about £7000 to tlieui during tlie last 12 months." A slight chnngc took place in the programme at this juncture. Mr. Mornement sang " Old Mother Sliipton" in good style, Mr. Murray rendered a verse of oue of his favorite ditties excellendy, nnd Mr. Hiil gave the ghost scene from Hamlet. The chairman then proposed " The Trades," at the snrue time stating tlmt lie thought that there was an improvement in tlieui. - Mr. T. G. Hoskin then favored the company with "The ship that never returned" nicely. In reference to the toast Mr. M'Kenzie said that " Now we have Severance, I think, we will.have a prosperous time. More people must visit the town and we must do more trade. I have noticed an improvement duringthe past 18 months, and there is every prospect of a still greater improvement. People will go where they can get good value for their money, and I now intend to bring my prices down so as to give good value for the money spent with me. There is money in the district hnd we must try and keep it here. Mr. Wallace spends £7000 among die farmers and auother £2000 will go from the Council. This is one of the benefits we must receive from Severauce. I have been well satisfied with my trade dnring the past few months, but I hope it will improve. Mr. S. Fenton thought that trade was improving, but that there were better times ahead. The boon times }~ad crippled trade, but lie said tliecolony had "touched bottom" in regard to depression and that there was a brighter future ahead. Mr. T. G. Hoskin said he conld endorse the remarks of the other speakers as he had found trade better during the past few months. Mr, H Grogan was satisfied that there was an improvement in his line of business. He did not know whethe Severance was responsible for that o not. Ouly that day he had been success ful in getting the work to build two houses. Mr. Neil liere again favored the company with a song entitled—" Its for money"—which was very much appreciated. . The next toast honored was " The health of Mr M'Kenzie," which was proposed by Mr. Thomas, who said that it, would not; do to let the occasion slip u'itlinuf: Raying a few words 5n rflferrtncfi to the services rendered by Mr. M'Kenisie, as secretary of the Severance movement. He thought that great praise was duo to Mr. M'Kenzie for the energy deployed by him in his work m connection with the obtaining of a new shire. Mr. Lane coald - endorse "all that had been said about Mr. M'Kenzie. There was n great amount of work attached to the secretarial duties in connection with Severance, and these had been well and faithfully carried out. He (Mr. M'Kenkic) was heart and soul in the work, and worked with great earnestness for die bettering of the. district. He fought against gteat odds, but had succeeded with tlie assistance of Ins committee in getting a new shire. His only atnbi- • t-on, dnring the past few years, seemed to be that of getting Severance, granted, and lie (the speaker)-was sure there was no happier-man now that the great end has been achieved. Mr, S. Fenton iaid he was pleased to have something to say: in. this matter. When the Severance movement . started first, ~ lie was - secrotniy. but he found that lie eould not carry nut die duties and Mr. M'Kenzie took jiis place, and he beliovnd diat everything possible lind been doue to help on Severance.. Mr. M'Kenzie -had stood a. lot flf hard knocks, which he (the speaker) would have been too thin-skinned to stand. He wished Mr. M'Kenzie health, wealth and prosperity. Mr. Southern next snng " Whitt Wings" very pleasingly. Mr. M'Keuzie thanked all for the kind things said about him and said he worked hard in the interest of the town for he considered that it was his duty to do so,-and he was repaid for his energy in seeing Severance granted. He had been considerably helped by the committee, otherwise he could not havedone the work. He was always ready and willing to do his best for Violet Town and district. Mr Fenton followed with a good recitation, well rendered, nnd Mr Mornement sang " Ding dong" with good voice. '•' The Ladies" were then proposed by Mr Neil, who said that he did not know much about them, but ho was very fond of them. Mr Lomer then gave a very pleasant rendering of " Nelly Bawn." The toast of the ladies was suitably responded to by Messrs Southern, Latimer and Lomer who, like Mr. Neil, knew very little about them, but loved them all. Mr M'Kenzie followed with a capital recitation. " The Press" was the next tonst honored, being proposed by- Mr Fenton, who referred in enlogistic terms to the manner in which the local paper was conducted, and wished the proprietors every success. Mr M'Kenzie also referred to the paper in complimentary terms and expressed a hope that it would turn out a prosperous concern. The toast was responded to Messrs Thomas nnd Southern who said they were thankful that their efforts had been appreciated and intended that the journal should be rnn purely in the interests of the district. Mr M'Kenzie preposed the health of " The Visitor" coupled with the name of Mr Gordon, and said that he was very pleased to see Mr Gordon present. Mr Gordon, iu response, said he had been drawn in by Mr Lnne, having arrived that night by train and he had spent a veiy pleasant evening. He wished Violet Town prosperity. " The Hostess" was proposed by Mr Lane nnd responded to Mr M'Shane. " The Chairman" was proposed by Mr Fenton, who said that Mr Wallace had filled the position admirably. He had known the chairman for a long time and had always found him a true man, willing to work for the interest of the district, and he had done much 111 the way of securing the new shire of Violet Town. Mr Lane had pleasure in saying a few words in reference to the chairman. Ho knew that he hnd done much good to the district by his capital and cnersy, and lie hoped tlmt when the new Council was formed Mr Wallace wonld be one of the representatives for the Central Riding. Mr Fenton gave a capital rendering of " My gallant grey," and then The chnirman returned tliauks. for the kind references mnde to him and 6aid he was glad that he had been able to do a little good for the district. It had been remarked that he was a Scotchman. He was one, and lie was glad of it. He believed diat if a little Scotch energy and perseverance had not been adopted in the Severance movement the new shire would never have been obtained. Some had been working while others were sleeping, and it was due to this perseverance that the end was gained. The affair was brought to a close by the company singing " Auld Lang Syne." 