i -ilir ^liiliisijM ^^St 1§y: ' '_' A »c$Her?itc; Stratagem. T6m-' bx ii* Ek Detective. . . During-' fout qjbnthfi 'The Man in the Mask' was aoelebrity in Winolift and around the place for several miles. He was sIbo a mystery . His existence could not be doubted even by tbosewbo. had not seen him, because the stories told cf.his oocaeional appearances were eo clear and circumstantial as to be ab eolntely convincing. Tbose who bad eeen him remembered the meetibg with pain. His interviews with the few peraouB he had ebosen to favor with bis attention wero usually short, ebarp and alarmingly earnest, He demanded »11 tbe money, *he watch, and eny other artfclts of ^aluewhich the person whom he confronted cbanced to have in hia possession, and tbe demand wae followed by eurrender. The terrible alternative waB in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the face of the person whoso goods were rtquired. The men who had met ' The Man in the Mask,' and continued their way much poorer in consequence, could »ot deeenbe him. His face wbb completely covered by a dark grey msBk. They coold only see he was a big follow, with a Lurch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice waB deep and gruff. The people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that im perfcet deeoription. His appearance bad oot been made at any place more than tiro miles distant from Winelifi, yet to everybody in and around tbe place the dBring robber vras a myBtery. , , la no infiteiice bad the mysterious Man In the Mask found it necessary to inflict bodily in]ary in order to Becure the booty he sought. Bu?- the fact that he was a robber who ra vived the practices. of the highwayman of old wa3 Buffioiently disquieting. It might be some cbivalrouB sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men wboee all wae but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold be could not gain by more lawful and honeet means. He wae, there fore, very naturally set down in the minds of ail law-respecting persons as a miscreant whose puppreseion became an imperative duty. The performance ot the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to the taek of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Maek. One evening in February a gentleman rjsmed Welham was driving towards Win cliff. Hi-3 vehicle was a ii^ht gig, iu which be i'requcnily travelled long distances, and .-iuptayed &11 the good points of the horae that happened to be under bia control. A hobby » f his joutb, which did not appear to lose any of its strength though hie age was in the fifties, ?wae to drive a good horee, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all Beacons. Mr. Welhnm wae driving towards WInoIiff, intenting to patronise its well known hostelry, tbe Roebuck Inn, lor tbe night, and to drive over tbe twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincllff and London on the follow ing morning. Tbe night bad fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, snd the horee was pursuing hie way at a moderate pace when lees than five miles from the intended baiting- place. The traveller wsb anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn. when an event occurred tbat gBve a very different tone and clmrnntT to lifi thought?. Mr. Wclbam was approaching a poin) wh-re a w;do, gissey lane opened on tbe high road. When near that point, a mounted man puddenly umerged from the lane spd reined up hi*- borse in tbe centre of the road ae if to ber his progTees. Mr. Welham peered into (ho rider's face bs he approiehed him. It would be more exact to say he looked inquir ingly at that portion of tbe man between bresnt and bat, but failed to discover a face. ' Stop 1' W88 ebcoted in a muffled voice. Tbe stranger's arm waR extended, and a shining revolver wag plainly eeen firmly praeped. in liis hand, the muzzle of whiob looked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacingly into Mr. Welham 'b face. In an icet&nt; the gentleman realised that be was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in tbe MSBlr. ' Why should I stop? Who are you to piveeueh an order? 'exclaimed Mr. WelbBm, at tbe same time, however, pulling op hit horse as its head neatly touched tbat of the animal on whioh the masked man waa mounted. '. Stop to save yont life, if you, think it worth eavinp. If your horee moveB a yard I'll stop him with & bullet, aud then have more ready for yon. Try me, if you like. You see, I hold your life in my bsndg ; but I drn't want yenr life if lean get your money without it. I &m; desperate, and [ can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without &ny; hurt; refuec, and the next in fitbut you will be a dead man, and I will tske what I want.' It was & deep, hoarse, bat terribly earnest voice that came from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in a way tbat gave any hint of agitation or passion. The voioe was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted tb&t; the hearer could not doubt tbe speaker meant to do all he said— evpn to murder— rather than permit hie victim to evade or frustrate him. ' What do yon want 7' Mr. Welhsm said, recognising tbe necessity for coming to terms with his aeeailant. . ' Money, and evervthing I may turn into money. Quick ! Your pnrse, your watch, your jewels. Lay them in my hand— all. Drop the reins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick ! — and beware I' Tbe Man in the Maek walked his horse to the eide of the gig, keeping Mr. Welham co vered with the revolver until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched bis ear. Tbe gentleman instantly decided that he must submit to tbe robbery as the least of two evils between whiob he was compelled to ehoosQ, The property demanded was placed in the robber's left band. He transferred it to a pocket id tbe side of tbe long dark cloak ha wore, which completely covered him from the eats to Ihe knoe. 1 *?? Ton have robbed me of everything,' Mr. Welbam said, hoping the Man in .the Mask -would accept-thajr-inttmation that hiB bnn« ' nesB Was completed an,d permit the victim to pursue hiB way. . ' 'IJot yet. fon have a bopk, or case, that may be filled with valuable papers.' ' Only a tew letters and papers relating to business.' '1 want none ol them. But bring oat your book and open every eorap ot the paper before me. Do not try to cheat ma, mind.' ' ' Cheat /' repeated Mr. Wdh&m;, particu larly emphasising the word. ???;'? He produced bia pocket book, however, and proceeded to open each pa^er it con tained, bo that the robber, in she light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover ita character. From an inner pocket of the book tbe masked man directed him to draw ? folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound notee. It its hardly neceEcaty to add thst the robber immediately caused them to be placed in hia hand, fie directed Mr. WelbBm to secure bis ether paperi. When that was done he forced him to turn his boree,and diiye back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about s mile, he might return ; but if be attempted to follow the Mask,, the DonBcguengeB would be fatal. .. ?' ? . r.~ '' ...,-?? ' '' '- '-;4 . Half an hour after hiB napleaaant ad?en- tare on the iosd, Mr. Welham ariived at the Bdebuck, in Winciiff. ; JBfJB firat care was for hi« horsp, which was. decidedly weary aftei an ubusuaDy long jday'a journey. When ha lud *een the animal oonv«yed to the stable, he entered the inn, , Jwae suppliel with a draught'of brandy and water, and asked ,the neareet w»y to the pjolioe Btation. f \ !; v.\t * 'The police atalion, sir ! I hope none Of the men about bur place have been nnoiyil I Mr. Hiiyard would deal with any incivility - pretty sharply, if there*a a compUint to in made about any one in the Boebudi,' iaid ? toan;Jwho appeared to b§ |he ftptoal man8g« of the fBtftbHehmeut.andbecond in authority ?to Mr. Hiiyard only, who was the landlord ol the iDD. - '?'? : ' :! ????. 'No, no; V-ve nothing to isay againat any body at tbe inn ; but I Jba7e business at th« etation. Is MV- HUyardat home !' ? ?« yep, eir. ' He was here a fevrmmatet ago. 'Shall' I ririg'fdr hiim V'.[ 'Do, pleaee.' \ The manager eiimmoned Mr. Hiiyard, who made his appearance after a few seconds. HiB crisp,- fair hair, open countenance, find generally -well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good Bpirits, end conveyed a decidedly pleasing impree ?' I want a word with yon, landlord,' Baid Mr. Welham. ' At your eervice, sir. Will yon etep in bere7' eaid the o-tiging Boniface, openiDg ? door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that, was used as an offioe, and was also the ' governor's' private room downstairs. Mr. Welbam stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hiiyard of bia encounter with the Man in the Mask. The landlord was eorry and indignant at the same time. ?? I've tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe tbe detective office in London if- looking after him, but it doesn't ?eem to be a bit of use. He cornea and k« goes like a ghost. He's xobbed eix or seven gentlemen in a lew months, but nobody ?eems able to guess where he oomes from, nor where he goes to. He's a real puzzle sir.' 'Well, be has a hundred pounds of inins in money and gooda just now. I thought it best to tell yon, because you may put other gentlemen on tbeir guard. I must giv« information at the polioe offioe. Where is it?' 'Only a few minutes' walk. I'll send* man to show you.', ' Yes ; I've loet too much time already.' Tbe landlord opened his door and spoke to biB manager. ' Gall Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seeme. This gentleman waa robbed a few miles from here, aud wants to lodge information. Brown muBt go with him to the station.' Brown waa soon in attendance. The rob bery waB reported in the station, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powera for the capture of tbe Man in the Maek. It happened tbat the discovery of the rob ber, who committed his depredations in a ctyle bo much like tbat of higbwayen of the Dick Turpin era, waa nearer tbau even the gentleman who had buffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welham'* xeturn Irom the police station he was in the Bmoke-room of tbe inn, when the manager approached him. 41 Mr. Hiiyard wishes to epeak to you, if you can spare a minute,'' be said. ' I can spare ten minutes if Mr. Hiiyard has anything particular to cay.' 'He will Bee you in his private room, il you please. He e&je; the matter is import ant.*' Mr. Welbam went to tbe little room be fore described, and was much struck by the eerioua expression of the landlord's face. ' Tou will forgive me, I'm sure, when yon know why I disturbed you. A man from the «tation has been here. He tells me gome money bae b?en etolenf and tbat the sov ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any eov ereigua with that mark comes into my handi I am to atk the person who offers it where be got it, eo that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost?' 'Yes; there were six eovereign3 in my puree, and a small w, with a fine line before aud after it, were scratched under the head of each,' Mr. Welham replied. ' That ie tbe mark the policeman de scribed. I eee now it waB your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I oan tell is that I gave a sovereign in change, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter ol an hour before I heard of it.' .. ? ' That is astonishing I Are you cure the mark was exactly like mine f' 'Yes. I cannot be quite positive about tbe linee, but I remember the v: distinctly, and I believe there was a little scratch before and after the letter, just as if they were intended to shut it in, like.' ' Precisely.' ?- I noticed it when my man gave it to me. I had eent him out in tbe afternoon to col lect a few email accounts, and be didn't come back until after yon arrived. Then he waB drunk. He had got enly one- pound Eeven from one of my customers, and when he paid it in. I sent him off to bed. That, marked sovereign was the one he paid me,, and I looked at it closely at the time. I must get rid of him.' 'ImuBt see him at once, eir. As your man gave you one epvereign bearing my mark be may have more. He may be the masked robber himself, or he must know where he oan be found. I ineiet on the man's being qoeetioned and eearched I' Mr. Welham exolaimed, excitedly, ' It ib only natural that you should, eir, and I am willing to aid you in every way.' But, yon see, it would be little less than ruin to me if a euepicion got out tbat a highway robber was one of my servants, and elept in this house. We must be able to prove' it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and ' tbat will remove all 6uspicioa from tbe house.' ' 'But while we are talking here the man may eecape. For Heaven's (sake drop words and come to action I' Mr, Welham e~. claimed, ' He waa too far gone in liquor to maxe any attempt to esompe before some time in the morning. I will,Bend & line to the sta tion asking for two men to be eent hctB directly, or you may send the note. When the men are here; we will go to his room and v.*\en him. ? Perhaps the eight of policemen will help us to get the real truth from him,' said the landlord. ' Very likely. But there ia no time to be lost. Give me paper, and I w*U write.' Tbe paper waB laid, on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a, few words requesting the presence of responsible officers at the Boe buok Inn. Another line intimated that a cine to the identity of the masked robber had been found. » = . -?.-?? ? A few minutes later ^ Sergeant in plain clothee and a, constable in uniform were in the Boebuok. Mr. Hiiyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign tie- had received, and gave the name pf Jthe man %o whom he bad given it. The latter lived about three miles away.' Then' the four went to tbe little back room over. an outhouse where the suspected man-ol -all-work elept. : The entry bf the whole party did not awake the eleeper. ' Search first,' suggested Mr. Welham, at the fame time seizing a short coat of thick dark aerge that bad been carelessly thrown on a chair. . The landlord eeizeda Vest that lay on the floor and thruBt his fingers |n the pockets, finding only a sixpence and thiee pennies, whioh be at once returned, \- ' There ie nothing here but a pipe, tobacco, -and dirt,' whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he could find in the coat. ... * ? -? -. ??.-.- ? -- : ' There's money here, I think,' eaid the sergeant in plain clothes, epeaking in sup preeeed tcnes. . . ..- ..;. , He had carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and had drawn from pne of tbe pocket6 a little packet wrapped in a piece of pevBpaper On opening this papltet H wa« Ifiana to contain liye Bovereigne, ., Mr. 'Welham aad ^ the plain clothes man 166ked at *hern clopely, - *nd: the tmarks were plainly ?diBcernibleiander, ;the head of each. ? . ? « s - ' ! i »r. ? ? 0 ; ? ? r ? - .? i -? ? - ? v- ? [ .' Xhe ooine were refolded,in the paper; and ; returned jto -he trqeeers *ppcket ,; i^hen the ?errant sejaed 1*e jslfieper^ by *he shoulder ^^^..^^'?SWWF-jrfa* »WPke;»na ?p™g up to a -ittiog ppptur*, in ^o bed. whehthf opnBtaWe in. nnilbrm atepped tor i 'irfcrdieady iairajple ' ^^^M^'a^i be resort to -nolenoe.,-'0-1 -'- J'\\- ?l**£-'-h ''? ?? ? , »m *# Wiy^tB»yl^whBF«%na mlfterl^WhM 49 you aU want?' the man ejaculated, w ho became thoroughly awake, and looked from ouestion But be careful what jou flay. I S5« notice of every wora,' eaid the 8e^Baunt*whafflit aU about? I'll answer any question Mr. Hiiyard wants to ask me. W« riadtVo know what kin!d of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid '?. TouTS to know that! I think yon ought to know when I gave il to you. It was £ eovereian two two- shilhn' pieces, half a Lown?an°a shilHn'. He eaid I mightkeep the eixpeuceover for a glass, an I did. ?' Did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here df' No sir— not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a few drinks, I know, 'cauee I'd been about a bit, but I know what I waa doinV .. i ask— did yott give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson?' ' Do you mean to say I aidn't I I'll swear ' Had yon any other sovereigns ? *' No ; 1 don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for you.' ?? The sovereign yon gave me was marked/1 ' I didn't mark it.' ' But you have other sovereigns in yonr pocket with the came mark on. How or where did you get them ?' ?** Sovereigns in my packet? How do yen know what's in my pociretT You needn't trouble about my potkets, &tz.; Hiiyard. II there was twenty lovereijmc in my pockets none c! 'era 'ud fce youre.' ♦Tm euro they're not mine; and there's reason to tbink tb«y should uot be your«. Saigeant Lynes eearched and found them there.' ' Searched ! Found them 1' he exclaimed, bia effrontery giving place to alarm. ' Yes ; I muet take you into custody on BUEpicion cf having stolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and I bavs fouud part of the stolen property in your pocket. You must come with me.' Protestations of innocence were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter faotB, and they were unavailing. Jake Hiscough was conveyed to tbe police station. Tbe members of the local force were jubilant at tbe thought that the long-dreaded Man in the Mask bad been captured and incarcerated in Wincliff, the central point around wbisn he bad moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welham bad re ported his Ioes to the police authorities in Winoliff, news of the robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective depart ment in London. As soon as I appeared in the oilice next morning the case was given into my hands. 1 was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my investigation of a case in whiob 1 felt more than ordinary profeeeiocal interest. I arrived in VTincliff before the prisoner bad been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nearly all the particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to eee tbe roan who had become a criminal celebrity. My first view oi him waB obtained through the gratiDg in the door of tbe cell in which he waB confined. There waB nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceptive and misleading appearance frequently are. Tbe spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I epoke to Jake Hiccough, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the discovery of his crime bad utterly confounded. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assurance of hiB innocence. When I said the sovereigns in hie pocket told a different tale, he merely said; 'I know nothing about them sovereigns. Tbe devil n?ust have put them there. I never did; ' I hadn't even a ehiliin' the laet time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound cstne to be in my pocket I don't know. I believe there's some dodge, in the whole affair that I can't understand. The gentleman that was robhed or Sergeant Lynes knows more about it tban I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of & mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about the road after dark neither. I can tell every place I was is, an' I swear I never eaw thst money before I eaw it in tbe sergeant's hand, if eweariu' will do rue any good, ?' Swearing will not save you from being oonimiuca ior inai, or, at least, remanded. I'd help jou if I could. If you can tell me whore, you were, and if others can prove you were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, that will ehow that you can't have robbed him. A men can't be in too piacee at one time, even if he bae » f»«t hortf to ride.' **I wasn't on the back of a horse all yes terday.' ' A isertions without proof are no defene* Bg'_ a i strong evidence. The finding of the money in your pocket will require a lot of ex pifciniDsr.' *' ^fn- 1 can't explain nothing about that. I don't know how ie came there, an' I don't ?*now now long it was thcra ; in fact, as I ?-a], B.e*orei I don't know anything about The prisoner named a few persons with whom he i a d Jir. had beenabout tbe time at which the robbery was committed. I mace notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to test ihe accuracy of his state ments by personal inqoiry. Mr. Welham souli uat wi afi' a« hi* drive to London so earJy as he had intended that morning. He appeared in the court when the pneoner waB brocght ap on the charge o! having committed robbery from tbe person on the Queen's highway. He asserted tbat the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's pocket were part of the money ol which he had been deprived under threat ol death ; but, as the robber was maeked, and as be ap peared to be humpbacked, be could nc% *ay whether the prisoner was the man. Mr. Hiiyard told hiB Etory.whioh was &Vsr; and circurrBtantial. He had sent to, tbe gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign ia ohange, but had not yet heard from him. Ihe i laudlord'a statement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lvnea de posed «o finding the money. The priaoner, r^q*e!l1OC€^ 'id he w«8 not near the soene of the crime when the robbery wae committed. He could prove that by callTnc know anything about the money found in ?St *'**?-. A*ter Wi°e ?'? *ne magi' th«a^v^ lhe P™0116' *m removed from Sesio? a* f STi ™th- *he P'«* «U««i «es ior an immediate sad rigorous search oi (ZftV BPPearing *o take a prominent »aii mthebuBinesB.IaccompaniedthefSm Sf;aTri£t'5d5d tbc« PW«^Inge. M? SSKfE^iSl playm' quoits till it got dark »r7iT' B turned into the parlor an1 played A^ *»? B tUUake went home. He waf8 tftln°» ? but not more eo than I was. Ha ? ^**\ ?» called somewhere else on the way— T8'' aTf Hi he wouldn't pass the Neleon w&oiulh; ? mfora glass— but « wae a bnE ihl^ H daik when he left me u,-.8 a^ H Matk'80'' tO be tBkeD f°'r ******?£ U Before night I had learned enon v I eatiefy mo tbat Jake could not hav tc B mittod the robbery. But how V Wttt' Wt preBenoe of tbe coins in his nni.tS4tilf SH be accounted for ? And how did it k k Wi that only tbe marked money B!JQ°uPpts B found in hia poeeeaBiun, while iuirlv ' '* B in notee, a goid watch and cbaia ^ B two diamond rings had aiterlv 'n*ni B pearcd. J Ols*P- M| I thought over all I bad learned ion. . , B earnestly. 1 put the different l:tt!c it Wm knowledge together, as it i8 MT iittlit^V1 B and tried to get a certain ciea'r i.'e. '? BH ail. Before £ slept ibat niKbt, I 7,a,': « B certain of two thicge. Oae wag that ' J 11 Hisoough was not the robber, thouch H of the booty waa fouud in hia pQctet ??' H other was that Jake had met ; he real XT ' H the Maek, end I could find him. ^n M As early as poesible next raornint. » E waited on a magistrate, and ttnt word tu i II wanted a few words on important buein« H He gave me an interview at once f W& told him roy bueineBt in Winchff ' . i Mm then laid before him the theory i I , H formed the night belote. I mtuAi I ecribe hia astonishment as I ptOoeeJJ M and I believe he thought as I qjq ' H last. I vent from hie houa' with*1 H esarch warrant in mr pocket. Tiunfw. * H to the polioe office to complete arrauKeme!r H Ior tbo Btep I intended to take. ?§ The landlord of tbe liaebuck Inn -^ B partaking of hia rather late breakfast BhT H I, two polioe eergeants, and four ^a H entered hia hottelry on serious buaineB B HiB ruddy complexion faded to an ^' ? paleness when I told him I held a warrs t K empowering me to Eearch his house in B stolen goods. Recovering from the etan W ning effect of the intelligence, he m&4' B a etep toward me se if be would kill me j. : 9- two of the men following inetructionEW m viously given, stepped before him. H 'We bave to do bur duty, Mr Hn fm yard, and I hope you'll n'oi make ii E more unpleasant. We must eearch joB H rooms even if we have to overcome op-insi m tion.' * M 'Caged I— caught I Sii men to onep ? he hissed, glaring at the men be r& H garded as enemies with an cspte*sion K of face that was wholly suggestive of mm. m der. ' m 'I'll go up with yocv' be Edded I suddenly, ar it Bpeflkmg on eomeimpulte, if ? ' No. eir. You would not assist cs. l^w E leave three men hen- to preveut you ftOm I following us,' eaid the sergeant— after wljich announcement Mr. Hiiyard eank, escmiroi. powerless, in a chair. '^ Oar progress was no longer imp»aed We went to Mr. Hilyard*e bedioon]. &ndin;» email box. on the dressing table fonod the gold watch, the diamond rings. Bnd the noteB which Mr. Welham had lost. In another box, lastened with a padlock, wi 1 found a tightly-folded parcel, sfhicb.'on I being opened, waa found to contain somi I of the properties used io tbe 'maks-up' I of the Man in the Mask. Tbere wm iha I long, dark cloak, with a bundle of tlasj. I cloths sewn on the iueide betwtec the I shoulders to simulate a hump vhec worn. I Within that was a d6rk hat of soft felt, I to the inner edge of the rim of which I »nd extending h&if; around it, vse firmi? I lacked a piece of still pasteboard, with n^ I round perforatious abuut two-tLiide of iu I length from the bottom. It ^RS $tti I drab in color, aud that was the ro?.;k vt-ah had eo long ehielded the robber Iioq recag nition. Arrest of Mr. Hiiyard immediately fd lowed these discoveries. At hi* subto'qsent irial he confessed tbat be bad plac&i; iha marked money iu Jake HiFC'.agh's pociti while he skpt. Soon as be returned &i;\--t the robbery be had given one of the sttka \ sovereigns to a gentleman in change. l!i af terwardB learned that tbs ^old was lesrke &, and feared it might be traced to bio. To tarn suspicion itoru himself be inveinw tb« ecberne we have desoribrd. But cuaiiins and unscrupulous wiong did not pretf! « it» judge from coDdsmaiEg to peiial serv:i- H ?{-. ten veara the once mysterious 'iii.:-- i:,: ihi IUbk.*' 