TALES AND SKETCHES, SDNS OF FIRE. By MISS BRADDON, Aothor of "Lady Audlky's Skoret," "Tub Fatal Thrkb," " The Day Will Come," "Tub Doctor's Wife," "Thou Art the man l"&a; all rights reserved. Chapter XXV.— "If She be' not Fair to Me." Geoffrey Wornock wont back to Difloombe, and hin mother reed failure and mortlflcation in his gloomy countenance ; but he vouchsafed no cuntidenof. Ho was not sullen or unkind. He lived ; and that was about as much ns could bo said of him. The fiddles, which were to him as cherished friends, lay mute in their cases. He seemed to regard that apaoious music room, with its lofty ceiling and noble oapacity for aountl, as tho captive lion regards his cage — a place in wldoh to roam about, and pace to and fro, restlesp, miserable, unsatisGod. lie did not complain, and bis mother dared not Attempt to console. Once abe preasod his hand and whispered "patience," but ha only ehook his head fretfully, and walked out of the room. "Patience ! yea," he mutterod to himself. " I could be patient, as patient m Jaoob when ho waited for Rachel — if I were sure she loved me. But I have begun to doubt even that. Oh, if she know what love meant, she would have rushod into my arms. She would bavo swooned upon my breast in the shock of that meeting; but ahe eat prim and quiet, only a little pale and tearful, while I was shaken by tbo tempest of passion. She is capable of no more than a school girl's love; and sho had hardly d«oidcd whether that feeble flamo burns for me or for Allan." And then bo began to preach to himself tho sermon which almost every slighted swain has preached sinco the world began. What was this woman that he should die of hcartaohe for her? Wo9 she so much fairer than other women whom he might havo for the wooing? No, again and again, no. Ho could conjure fairer faces out of the past — faces lie had gazed at and praised, and whioh had left him cold. was not as handsome as Miss Simpson, at Simla, last year — that Miss Simpson who had thrown herself at his head— or as Miss Brown at Maini Tal, Goneral Brown's daughter, who looked liko a honri, and who waltzed like a thing of Air, imparting buoyancy and grace to the lumpiest of partners. Ho had not cared a straw for Miss Brown, though tho general had hinted to him, in the after dinner freedom of the moss room, that Miss Brown bad an exalted opinion of him. No, he had oared for neither o! those girls, though either might have been his for the asking. Perhaps that wan why he did not care. He was madly in lovo with Suzette, whom he had known only as another man's betrothed. Suzette represented tbo un attainable ; and for Suzette he could die. He hardly loft tho bounds.of Diseombe during tboso bright autumnal days, wben the music of the hounds was loud over field and down. Ho had dissevered himself from most of tho friends of his manhood by lcaviug the army ; and in Matoham he had only acquaintance. From these he kept oorupulously aloof. Ono Matchnm person, however, ho could not escape. Mrs, Moruington surprised him in tho music room with his mother ono afternoon, and instead of running away, as he would have dono from any one else, ho stayed and handed tea oups with supremo amiability. # He knew she would talk of Suzette. That was inevitable. She bad soarcoly settled herself in a comfortable armohair when she began. "Well, Mrs, Wornock, have you soon any thing more of this nieoe of mine?" Of course thore could bo only one niece in question "No, indeed. She has not come baok from Bournemouth, has she?" "Ob, yos, she has.: Sho has come and gone, I made sure sho would pay you a visit. You and she were always so thick. I behove sho is fondor of you than she is of me" Ueoffroy began to walk about tho room— as softly as tho parquottcd floor would allow— lis toning intently. Kager as ho was to hear, ho oouid not sit still while Suzetto was being dis cussed. Mrs. Wornock murmured a gentle negative. 'Oh, but she is, you know. There is that," said Mrs. Mornington, pointing to tho orgau, and that," pointing to the piano, "and your sou is a fiddler. You are music mad, all of you. Suzotto took to ( practising five hours a day. It was Ohopin, Rubinstein, Beethoven, and Mondclssolin all day long. Sho looks upon mo as an outsider, beoauso I don't appreciate classi cal music, , I wonder sho didn't ruu over to seo you." " Has she gone baok to Bournemouth ?" Not she. My foolish brother took fright about her, beoauso olio was looking pale and worried when eho came home ; so ho whiekod hor off to Loudon, took her to a doctor in May- fair, who said Bohwalbach ; and to Sohwalbaoh uoy aro gone, and I beliove, after a course of Iron at ttobwalbaoh — where they will meet no civlllctod beings at this tlmo of year — they arc to winter on the Riviera, and a protty penny these whims and fancies will cost her father, I am 8'au I have no daughters. Poor AUan I such a fino, honest hearted young man. Sho ought to havo thanked God for such a sweetheart. I uaro say, if lie had been a reprobate and a bank rupt, sho would havo offored to go through fire ftnu water for him." Geoffrey walkod out at tho open window Sho was gone. Heartless, solfish girl ? Gone awordof farewell, without a whisper ro5urnod ' Matoham a few days after Mrs. Slornington's appearance at DUcombe. and in spito of his dark doubts about Geoffrey, his first visit was to Mrs. Wornock. Sho was shooked at the change in him. Ho was palo and thin and sorious looking, and, but for his grey tweed suit, might have been mis taken for a city parson with a populous hurnzry parish. She talked to him about Lady Emily and tbo farm. Had ho been shooting? Wero there many birds this year ? She talked of the most frivolous things in order to ward off painful sumeots But he himself Bpoke of Suzette. # 4 She has gone away, I am told, for the whole winter. Marsh Houso is shut up. I never know what a bright homo like houao it was till I saw it this morning, with the shutters shut and the gates padlocked. There was not oven a dog to baric At me. -Sho has gone far afield : but I am going a good deal farther." And then ho told her with a certain excite ment of his meeting with Cecil Fatrington, and his approaching departuro for Zanzi bar. " It was the luckiest thing in the world for me, ' he said. "I had not the loast idea what to do with myaolf, or whore to go, to got out of myself. The little I havo seen of the Conti nent rather borod mo — pioturcgailcry, cathedral, table d'hote, a theatre, invariably shut up, a rivor, reported delightful when navigable, but not navigablo at tho time being. The same thing and the eamo thing — not very interesting to a man who can't rcokon tho age of a cathedral to within a oentury or two— over and over again. But this will be new, this will mean excitement. I shall feel as If I wore born Again Tho wonder will be— to myself, at least— that I don't come home black." "And you tbiuk you will find consolation— in Africa?" "I hope to find forgetfulness I" "Poor Allan I Poor Geoffrey I It is a hard .thing that you should both suffer. V - " Mr. Wornook's sufferings will soon . be over, I take .it . Rapture, and not suffering, will bo tho dominont in Iho scale of his life Ho will have everything his own way when I am gone." ( " I don't think he will. Ho has not confided his secrets to mo, bat I bolievo he has offered himoelf to hur, sinoo her ongagemont was brokon, arid bos been rejeoted" " Ho will offer himself again and will be ac- copied. There aro conventionalities to bo ob served. Miss Vincent would not liko people to say that sho transferred her affections from lover to lover with hardly a week's interval." " I only know- that my son is very unhappy, Allan." "So is a spoilt obild when he can't have tho moon. Your sou will get iho moon all in good timo— only ho will havo to wait for it, and spoilt ohildren don't like waiting." "How bitterly you speak of him, Allan. I hope you are not going to be ill friends." " "Why should wo be ill friends? It is not his fault that sho lias thrown mo over— at tho eleventh hour It is only his good fortune to bo more attractive than I am. It was the con trast with his brilliancy that showed her my dulness. He has the magnetism whioh I have not— genius, perhaps, or at least tho air and suggestion of a genius. One hardly knows what constitutes the real thing. I am one of the crowd. He has tho marked individuality which fascinates or repels." "And you will be friends still, Allan— my ; poor wilful son and you. He is liko a ship without n i udder, now that be has loft tho army. He has no intimate friends. He cannot rout long in one place. I never wanted him to steal your sweetheart, Allan. I am sure you know that. But I should be vety glad to seo him married. " "You will seo him married before long— and to the lady who was once my sweethoart, ' Mrs. Wornock shook hor head ; and the argument was closed by the appearanoe of Geoffrey himself, who came sauntering in from the garden, with his favorite Clumber spaniel at his heels. "Been shooting?" Allan asked, as they shook hands. There was a oertain aloofness in their greet ing, but nothing churlish or aulion in tho manner of either. On Geoffrey's side there was only listlcsfluods ; on Allan's gravo reserve "No. I look at my dogs svory day Tho keepers do tho rest." " You are not fond of shooting ? " "Not particularly— not of creeping about a copse on tho look-out for a cook pheasant ; still leas do I love a hot corner ! " He seated himself on tho bench by the organ, and began to turn over a pilo of music, idly, vacantly almost, not as if ho wero looking for anything in particular. Allan roso to go, and Mrs. Wornock followed him to the corridor "Does bo not look wretched? And wretchedly ill?" abe asked appealingly, her own unhap- piness visible in every line of her face, "Ho is certainly changed for tho worse sinoe I saw hira last. That . was a iongish time ago, you may remember Ho looks hipped and wor ried. He should go away, as I am going." "Not like you, Allan, to a savago country I wish lio would take me to Italy for the winter. Wo could movo from place to placo. He could- obongo the seeno as ofton as ho liked." "I fear the mind would be the same, though earth aud sky might ohauge. Travelling upon beaten paths would only bore him. If he is un happy, aud you aro unhappy about him, you had better let him oome with Fatrington and me." The offer was mado on tho impulso of tho moment, out of sympathy with the mother rathor than out_of regard for the son. "No, no, I could not boar to lovo him again — so soon. What would my life bo liko . if you were both gono? I should lapse into tho old loneliness — and solitudo would bring book the old dreams — the old vain longing——" These last words wsro murmurod brokenly, in self-oommuniou Allan left hor, and she went back to tho music room, whore Geoffrey was pacing up and down, with tho spaniel watching him, " What have you been saying to Carew, mother? "ho asked. "Nothing of importance. Allan is going to Central Africa with a friend ho mot in Suffolk — a Mr. Fatrington ! " "A Mr. l'Atrington? I suppose you mean Cooil Fatrington ? " " Yei, that is tho namo ! " Chapter XXVli — "I Go to Frov& My Sour." Allan lost no timo in making his preparations. He ordered everything that Mr. PAtrlngton told him to ordor, and In all things followed tho advice of that experienced traveller, who con sented to spend lite last fortnight in England at Boeohhurst, where his nppoaranoo exoitcd con siderable Interest in tho local mind He allowed Allan to mount him, and wont out with tho South Sarum ; and as he neither dressed, rodo nor looked liko anybody else, he was tho objoot of some curiosity among thoso outsiders who did not know him as tho famous Afrioan hunter, a man who had mads himself a name oasually, while following tho bent of his own fanoy, and oaring nothing what his countrymen at homo thought about lum. Lady Emily was hor son's guest during tiio last week, anxious to bo with him till he sailed, to postpone the putting till the final day, Sho was full of sorrow at tho idea of n separation, whioh was to last for at least two years, and might sxt.nd to doublo that time it the elimato and manner of lifo in Central Afrioa suited him. Stanley .had taken ntarly a year and a half R.iuK and returning betweon Zanzibar and Ujiji, and Stanley had been a muoh quiolrer traveller than previous txplorcre. And Mr. PAtrington talked of Uj'jl as a starting point for journeys to the north, aud to the west, rambling explorations oror loss familiar regions, and anon a leisurely journey down to NyaBsaland, tho African Arcadia. His plans, if carried out, would occupy five or six years. 'I hat sturdy traveller laughed at tho mother's apprehensions. " My d.ar Lady Emily, you are under a delusion as to the remoteness of the great lako country. Should your son grow home sick, something lers tiian a thr.a months' journey will bring him from tho Tanganyika to the Thames. Sixty years ago it took longer to travel from Bombay to London than it does now to come from tho heart of Africa." Tho mother sighod, and looked mournfully at her son. Ho was unhappy, and travel and adventure would perhaps afford tho best ouro for his low spirits. Sho discussed the situation with Mrs. Moruington when that lady oallod upon bar. " Your noica has noted very cruelly," ah said. " My nlcoo be. noted like a fool. She has mado two young men unhappy, and loft herself out in the oold. " I saw Geoffrey IVornook loit week, aud he waa looking a perfect wrock," "Do you she think sbo oared for him 1 "The girl must earo for somebody.' Looking baok now, I can sea that there waa a change in her— a gradual olrnng.— after Geoffrey IVor- hook's return. It was very unfortunate. Either youug man would have been a capital matoh," added Mrs. Mornington, waxing praotioal ; " but she oould not marry them both ! " Lady Emily felt angry with Geoffrey aa tba eausa of unlisppincss, tho iudireot cause of tho ooming separation between herself and bor son. How happy ahe might have b.en had all gono smoothly. Allan would have settled at Bcochhurst .with his young wife ; but thiy would have spout neatly half of every year In Suffolk. How happy her own lifo might have been with the eon she lovod and tbo girl whom sho was ready to take to her heart as a daughter, but for this wilful oruelty on tho part of Suzette. Lady Emily waa' sitting in the Mandarin room with her ion and kit friend late in the evening, their la.t evening bat ono in England. To- morrow thoy wero all going to London together, and on Iho day aftor tho travellers would cm- bark ou tho P. and 0. for Zanzibar. Tha night was wet and windy, and a Urge wood flrehuruedon the anipl.h.artlr. Lady Emily had her ombroidored coverlet spread over bar lap, and her work table drawn conreniontly near her elbow, In the light of a .haded lamp, wbilo the two men sat in front of tho firo. Tha room looked tho picture of comfort, the men com panionable, content and homely, and tha mother's heart sank at the thought that yoars must pas. bafor. such an evening could repeat itself, and b.fore her poor Allan wnuld be sitting in so comfortable a chair. It wan not without regret that her ion had contemplated tho idoa of tkoir separation or of his mother's solitary home when ho .should bo gone. Ho had talked with her of the coming years, suggested the nieces or girl friends whom she might invite to enliveu the slumberous house and to enjoy the b.auty of those fertile gardens and level park- liko meadows that otretohed to the edge of tho river. "You have troops of friends, mother, and you will havo plenty of oooupation with your farm, and .overoigu power over the wholo estate. Drake," tha bailiff, " will bavo to eon- .ult you about everything." "Yes, there will be much to ho looked at and thought about ; hut I shall miss you ovory hour of my life, Allan." "Not as muoh a. if I had been living at home." . "Every bit .as muoh. I was quito happy thinking of you here. How can I bs happy when I pioture you toiling alono in the desert undor a broiliug aun — no water — even tho camels dropping and dying under thoir bur dens?" "Dear mother, be happy- as to the camels. Wo shall not bo in the camol country. We shall sea very little of sandy detects. Shadowy woods, fertile . valleys, tho margins of great lakes will bo our portion." "And you will drink tho water— whioh is sure to be unwholesome— and . you will get fever." Allan did not toll his mother that fever was inevitable, a phase of African lifo whioh every traveller must reckon with. Ho represented Afrioan travel as a perpetual holiday, iu a land of infinite beauty. " Would Patrington go back the> e if it were not a delightful lifo?" ho argued. "He has not to got his living there, as the poor fellows hare who grill and boko themselves for half a life time in India.-' He goos beoauso he loveB tho life." " Ho goes to shoot big game. He is a horrid, bloodthirsty oroaturo." Llttlo by little, however, Lady Emily had allowed herself to bo persuaded that Oontral Africa was not so hideous a region aa sho bad supposed. She was told that there wore bits of oountry like Suffolk, a homo-like Arcadian on the shores of Nynssa which would remind her of tier own farm. "Then why not make that distriet your haad quarters ?" she argued, appealing to Patring ton. . " Wo shall havo no head quarters. We shall wander from ono interesting spot to another. We shall settle down only In the Masika season, when travelling is out of tba question — not so muoh because it couldn't be dono as booAuse the blaokioB won't do it. Thoy are uncommonly oaioful of themselves ; won't budge in tho rains, won't take a oanoo on tho lake, if there's a bit of a swell on..-- "I am glad of thRt," sighed Lady Emily, with an air of relief ; "I am very glad the negroes are prudent and careful." "A deuced deal too prudent, my dear Lady Emily." The men woro sitting at a table looking at a map, ono of Pstrington's own rough maps, scrawled and splotohed with a blunt quill pan. Ho was showing Allan whero mora scientific map m&kors; had gone wrong. " Horo's tho Lualaba, you soe, and bora's the ittlo wood whoro wo oamped— I soldom me a tent if I can help it, bat thore wasn't a village within 10 miles of that spot." Tho door was opened and a servant announced — "Mr. Wornook." Allan started up as Gooffroy entered. It was half-past 10 — Mateham bedtime. " You havo come to hid us good-byo," Allan said, recovoring his solf-possassion as thoy shook hands. "This is very kind and friendly of you." " I have oomo to 4 nothing of tha kind. I want to join your party, if you and your friend will havo mo." Ho spoko iu his lightest tono ; but ho was looking worn and ill, and thore were all the signs of slooplessnois in his haggnrd faoo. "I know it's tho eloventli hour," he said, "but I heard you say," looking from AUan to Patrington, " that your important preparations havo to ho mado at Zanzibar, whoro you buy most of tho things you want. I— I only mado up my mind thin evening, after dinner. Thcro is nothing for mo to do in England. I get so tired of things—" "Anil your mother?" hazarded Allan, feebly. " My mother is accustomed to doing without mc. i boliovo I only worry her when I am at home. "Will you tnko me, Carew ? Yos, or no? " " Wiiy, of course it is yos, Mr. Wornook," oxolaimod Lady Emily, coming from the othor eud of tho room, where she had b.en folding up her work for the night. " Allan, why don't you introduce Mr. Wornock to me?" She was radiant, aharmed at the idea of a third traveller, and auali a traveller ns the Squire of Dircomb.. It scorned to lessen the peril of tho sxpedition, that this other man should want to go, should offer himself thus lightly, on tho ovo of departure. Sho shook hands with Geoffrey in tho friend liest way, looking at tho wan, worn faoo with keen interest. Liko Allan ? Yos, ho waa liko, but not so good looking. His features were too sharply out; his hollow cheoks and sunken eyes mado him look evor so muoh older than Allan, thought thu mother. "Of oourso they will take you," sho said, looking from ono to tho other. " It will mako tho expedition over so much pleasanter for them both. They will feol loss lonely." "I ain't afraid of loneliness," growlod Pat rington ; "but if Mr. Wornock renlly wishes to go with us, and will fall into our plans, and not want to make alterations, and upses our route now and again, I'm agreeable. It isn't always easy for the men to get on smoothly, yon see. Even two.don't always hit it— Burton and Spcko, for Instance. There wore bothers." "Yon shall be my ohief and explain," pro tested Geoffrey, "and if you should tire of me, well, I can always wander off on my own hook, you know. I could start by mysolf, now, take my ohanoe and trust to native guides, olioose another lino ot country, where I couldn't molost you " "Molest! My dear Wornook, if you aro really in earnest, really inclined to join ns ns a pleasant thing to do, and not a caprice of the moment, I shall bo glad to have you, and I think Patrington will have no objection," said Allan, hastily. "Not tho slightest. I only want unity of pur pose. You don't look in tho best possible health," added Patrington, bluntly ; "but you cau rough it, I suppose." "Yes ; I'm not afraid of hardships." " I should like to have a few words with you before anything Is settled, if, you will take a tnrn on tha terraoe,"aaid Allan, and on Geoffrey assenting, he went over to tho glass door, and led tho way to tha gravel walk outside. The rain was orar, and tho moon was shining out of a ragged mail of cloud. " Why do you leav. this place, now, when you aro master of tha situation?" Allan asked abruptly, when ha and Geoffrey had walked a fow paces. " I am not master, no more than a beaten hound is master. I have mastered nothing, oot even the lukewarm r.gard which she still pro fesses for you. Sbo has thrown you over, hut I am not to',bo the gainer. I went to her'direetly I know sho was free. I offered myself to her, an adoring Blave. But she would bars nono of me. Sho did not lovs you enough to b. your wifo ; but for m. sho had only contompt, cruel words, mocking lntighter that eat mo liko a bunch of scorpions, I am frank with you, Carew. If I had a ghost of a ebanco I would follow hsr to Sohwalbaoh, to tho Riviera, all ronud this globe on whioh w« crawl anil suffer. Distance should not divide us. But I am too muoh a man to pursue a woman who scorns me. I want to forgot her ; I moan to forget her ; and I think I might hare a chance if I went with you and your ohum yonder. 1 should like io go with you, unless you dlsliko m» too muoh to be happy in my company." "Dislike you !: No, indeed, I do not." ' ' I'm glad of that. My mother is very foud of you. You have been to hsr almost a son. It will comfort her to think that, we are together, together in danger and difficulty, and if onsof us should not coins baok—" " Nonsense, Wornook. Of course we are com ing baok. Look at Patrington " " Ah, but ha has been a solitary traveller. When two goes, thsr. is always ono who stays." " If you think that, you had much bettor stop at boms." "No, no; tho risk is the best part of the business to a man of my temper. It's th toss- up that I like. Heads, a safo return ; tails, death in tho wilderness— death by niggers, wild beasts, flood or firo, I go with my lifo iu my hand, as the catch phraso of the day has it ; and if thora wore no hazards, no danger— well, ona might as well stay at homo, or polo at Simla. Allan, wa havo boon rivals, bat not snsmies. Shall w. ba brothers hencefor ward?" "Yos, friends and brothors, if you will I" They went baok to the Mandarim room, and when Lady Emily had bidden them good-night, the three men lit up pipes and oigars and talked about that wonderworld of tropical Afrioa, and what they wero to do thero, till the night grew late, and the manor' groom, dozing on the sottlo by tha Baddleroom firo after a hearty supper of beof and bo.r, questioned querulously whether his gov'nor meant to go boma before day light. (to be continued.) 