Sermon bn ftishw ®MmzxB. EEPLY TO CARDINAL MOEAN. On Sunday evening Bishop Chalmers preached in St. Saviour's Cathedral, to a large congregation, on 'The Blessed Virgin Mary: the honour due to her,' taking his text from St. Luke i. 48 — 'Behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' The Bishop said : — The words of the text are, as you know, taken from the song of the Blessed Virgin Mary, called Magnificat. It is the hymn of the Incarnation of the Son of God, and the heart and centre of our evening service. St. Mary here places her finger (so to ou,y / \jxx a Bum uiiug uuue-ei£ueiii/e -_u but; unique uigLuujr ucoiuwcu ujjujm her by God her Saviour — that she should be the mother of the world's Divine Redeemer, and as such should live for ever in the ; memory of mankind. With the boldness of an assured faith in the promises of God she surveys - the future, and predicts the exalted place she is to fill in human history as the 'Chamber' where the Divine Word was united to human nature. 'He that is mighty hath magnified me.' Nineteen centuries have passed away since then, and here to-night we are witnesses to the fulfilment of her words. In a land then unknown to the world of civilisation, in a temple dedicated to the name of her Divine Son, we are met together to speak of the honour due to her. Alas, that it should also be to controvert those false and fictitious honours which some Christian men have ventured to decree her ! ? I determined, with God's help, to deal with this subject by way of supplement and conclusion to what I have previously said, for two reasons — Firstly, because I feel the insufficiency of merely negative teaching. If it be needful to oppose error, it is even more needful to build up truth. If. we know what we do not believe,: we ought to know with equal certainty what we do believe. Secondly, because Cardinal Moran, with his customary recklessness of statement, has declared that we 'display no sentiments towards the Blessed Virgin but those of enmity and hatred.' What I hay.e. to say about the honour due to her will sufficiently answer^ tKat.-Cai'dmal Moran seems to ine to hiave a terminology of - hisTfoyri^L '.3Kh'at. he calls senti ments of enmity arid hatred most sensible men would probably call sentiments of reverence and regard./ v ,^ ^ , ., -- \ '-'? 'j ?But before I proceed with my prcroer,'sub1ect,itli%eXi4re sp'mejother statements of his to which I desire Uo.^all attention. I,waht,;you to notice his method of debate — how dexterously.. he.. evades' the main point at issue, and distracts attention*t'fr,6m',it,'by Vaising 'small side issues, which to some extent are related 'tb'thie.niaiiri point, but do not materially affect it one way or the other. Take, e.g., his outcry against my translating the Latin word Diva by V goddess,' in the inscription found on a picture of the Blessed Virgin in the Cathedral Church of Munich. He first endeavours to invali date its witness to Roman Mary-worship by laying the responsibility for picture and inscription on the shoulders of some 'fool' (to use his own word), of a German painter. Unfortunately for this evasion, everyone knows that neither picture nor inscription were placed where they are ?without .the consent and approval of the cathedral authori ties, with the Archbishop of Munich at their head. I might as well suggest that some ' fool' of a sculptor was responsible for setting up the reredos which adorns the east wall of our chancel. Then Cardinal Moran adjures me to withdraw .my rendering of Diva by ' goddess,' arid substitute for it ' saint' or 'blessed.' I am afraid that he has not set a good example in this direction by withdrawing statements made by himself which have been proved incorrect ; but in this instance there is no misstatement. He knows as well as I do that Divus, or Diva, is equivalent to Dew, or Dea, and that the primary meaning is 'a god, a goddess, a deity.' No coarse language on his part can alter that fact. But it is also an epithet given to deified men — deceased Roman emperors, for example. It is also used by metonymy, or figuratively, of any being of extraordinary excellence. When used as an adjective it properly signifies 'belonging to a deity,' or figuratively; ' godlike, divine.' It is quite true that in Church Latin it is sometimes used as a prefix to the names of apostles and others, and may then be translated ' saint' or ' blessed.' I question, however, whether this use of . the word is not based on the false assumption that they are divi, or' godlike,' because now reigning with Christ in heaven. But apart from this, when a word has more than one meaning its proper significance in a particular place is determined ?by the context. What is the context here? The inscription runs ' Snus: '0 Thou, who art alone able to turn away the wrath of the ^iyinity, O ^Dtiifo defend us- with thy Virgin help. '* It is affirmed, ,.^M^f rye,' th^t0ti:rMary is alone able, has sole 'power, to turn aside the . S-7^^,^^b£(i^M|n!^ja- 'sinful- men. This, is what the inscription says; ^|ipwhat;S|o^iB^ Scripture say? It tells us that Jesus Christ ^tione haf |j||^aftici/; does this. 'Being now justified by His blood, we shall be siiy|a^pm wrath through Him' (Rom. v. 9). Arid why is He able- t^.'itwri-- away God's wrath against sin? Because He is: Himself God. V Were He merely man He would not be able, for 'no man may deliver his brother or make agreement unto God for him' (Psalm ;^iix. 7). No, nor is any woman able; however pure or blessed or exalted she may be, she must 'let that alone for ever.' But if, as the inscriptiori- Affirms, she is not only able, but 'alone able,' what then? t; She 'inust be as the Lord was — Divine. Where Divine power is asserted a Divine title is appropriate. I say, there fore, that in this connection 'goddess' is a legitimate rendering of Diva. But let us allow, for the sake of argument, that Cardinal Moran's contention is correct. What then?, The real question at issue is not in the least affected by a mistranslation of a Latin word. The question is — Are attributes and powers assigned to St. Mary which properly belong to God and His Christ? and are the same kind of prayers addressed to her, and the same kind of hymns sung in her honour, as are addressed to the Holy Trinity? Cardinal Moran has never touched this question. He has not even denied that it is so. I will add another proof. i6f rit from Bernardine de Bustis, the reputed author of the 'Office of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin,' approved by Pope Pius IV., and still, I believe, used . occasionally in Roman Churches. In his book called 'Mariale,' speaking of the Blessed Virgin he says — 'So great is her glory that she exceedeth the nature of angels and men joined together as far in glory as the circumference of the firmament exceedeth its centre in magnitude when she understandeth herself in her Son-to-be, as His other self, clothed with Deity.' Will Cardinal Moran undertake to explain this statement? , - I want to say a word about another side issue : the ancient frescoes and paintings found in the catacombs and elsewhere. As far as I know, no one has doubted or denied the existence of representations of St. Mary and other saints dating almost (not quite) from .the apostolic age — at any rate, previous to the fourth century; what is doubted and denied is Cardinal Moran's inferences from them. In an English work by two Roman Catholics (Messrs. Northcote and Browlow) a full account is given of them. Cardinal Moran has asserted that these frescoes and paintings prove that 'honour and devotion to the Blessed: Virgin held the same place among Christians then as it holds among Roman Catholics to-day.' He has asserted this, but assertion is not argument — much less is it proof. He has not even tried to prove it, nor could he if he tried. He might as well say that the representations of St. Mary and other saints in some y modern English Churches prove that we invoke them after the, ' manner of Rome. Now I will make an assertion: I assert that during the first four Christian cenluries the worship of St. Mary as now practised in the Church of Rome, and as upheld in some of the theological arid devotional works of her approved writers, had neither name, nor place, nor existence in the Catholic Church. Cardinal Newman tells us that 'there was in the first ages no public and ecclesiastical recognition of the place which (in his judgment) St. Mary holds , in the economy of grace.' f Not only so, but Holy Scripture is ignorant of it, and neither frescoes nor other pictured representations of the saints, nor the writings of the great teachers of Christendom, give countenance to it. Cardinal Moran, indeed, has given us two quotations which he attributes to St. Augustine at the end of the fourth century. The one is — 'Thou only hast crushed all heresies, 0 holy mother of God !' 'The other is a prayer addressed to St. Mary. About these quotations I should like to ask a question — ;In what work of St. Augustine are they found ? Is it among his genuine writings, or is it in some other writing, once assigned to his name, but which critical editors of the Roman Communion have ; since classed, as spurious? Perhaps Cardinal Moran may find it convenient to reply to this question. Should he do so I would venture to suggest that in doing it there is no occasion for any imputation of bad faith; nor need he garnish his reply with, any of those : vulgar rhetorical pleasantries which he seems to think so effective. A theological disputant of his standing ought to be above that kind of thing. . I intended to speak at some length on what Cardinal Moran calls 'the bright and illustrious roll of Bishops and Archbishops . ,f . .. men noted for genius, integrity, and learning, who have renounced Anglicanism' and gone over to Rome ; but I find I must be very brief. He gives a list of nine names — three Archbishops and six Bishops, who, during the last three centuries and a-half, held sees in England, Ireland, Scotland, and the United States of America. Out of these widely-scattered nine I cannot find any evidence whatever that four became Roman Catholics at all. Of the remaining five, two were educated as Roman Catholics, of whom Archbishop Magrath, of Cashel, in Ireland, was one. He had been a Franciscan friar, and had, as a Roman Catholic, been Bishop of Down. He professed to join the Reformation movement, and for 52 years, till his death, he held sees in the Reformed Church. He died at the age of 100, and apparently in his last hours went back to Rome. For his scandalous misconduct in the See of Cashel he is described asa ' wicked' Bishop. This is one of the men said to be ' noted for genius, learning, and integrity.' We gladly make a present of him to the Roman Church. The one historically 'bright and illustrious' name mentioned by Cardinal Moran is that of Archbishop Ussher, Primate of Ireland. It is news indeed that he died a Roman Catholic. His last years were spent, and he died, in England, and was by Oliver Cromwell accorded a public funeral in Westminster Abbey. The service of the English Church was read over his remains. After this I do not think it will do for us to concede the Roman claim to be the only true interpreter of history. One more point before I pass on. I- am desoribed by Cardinal Moran as being 'jubilant' when I find anything 'that may seem to tell against the teaching of the Roman Ctiuroh. He does not quite understand the attitude of devout arid instructed English Churchmen. It.may be our duty, when attacked by Eoman controversialists, and in defence of Catholic : truth, to point out the corrupt additions to the faith and the superstitious practices current in the Boman Com munion, but is as painful and unwelcome a duty as I know. We reoognise jn her the largest section of Christendom. We admire her missionary zeal, the learning, the sanctity and devotion of many of her members, her manifold forms of religious energy, her bold stand in this cause of Christian education. With the formal doctrinal statements of some of her authorised formulas we disagree; but for the pernicious errors of her practical and devotional system we feel the most sincere sorrow, because we see in them the chief hindrances to any reunion of Christendom. Our attitude towards the Church of Eome is not that of rejoicing in her mistakes, but that urged upon us half-a-century ago by saintly John Keble : — ? Speak gently of our sister's fall ; Who knows but gentle love May winfher, at our patient call, The surer way to prove. I hope that all candid Eoman Catholics will try and understand this. But it is more than time that I began to deal with our proper subject— ' The honour due to our Lord's Mother.' It may be well to inquire, first, if we can discern how the system of Mary- worship now current in the Church of Eome came to grow up. '' The works of Christian'; art curiously exhibit the progress of this perversion. . . . s. The first pictures of the early Christian ages simply represent the Woman. ? By-and-by we find outlines of the Mother and the Child. In an after-age the Son is seen sitting on a throne, with the Mother crowned, but sitting below Him. In an age still later the crowned Mother is on a level with' her Son. Later still, the Mother is on a throne above the Son.' And lastly, a Eomish picture represents the Eternal Son in wrath about to destroy the earth, and the Virgin intercessor interposing, pleading by significant attitude her maternal rights, and redeeming the world from His vengeance.' I quote this from a well-known writer.* I cannot, now enter into a discussion of the causes of this portentous development of error; suffice it to say that it seems to have arisen from a gradual failure of faith in the perfect humanity of Christ. The virtues of the man — wisdom, power, justice — were ascribed to Him ; the virtues of womanhood— purity, gentleness, love (equally essential to the perfect idea of humanity) — were assigned to His blessed Mother. I am not speaking by guess when I say this. From the thirteenth century at least some such partition of the kingdom of the eternal God and His Christ found favour with theologians. John Gerson, Chancellor of the University of Paris, speaks of power and mercy as the. two parts of which God's kingdom consists, and he affirms that 'whilst power remained with the Lord the part of mercy was ceded to the Mother of Christ.' So Gabriel Biel, in his 80th lecture on the canon of the mass: 'The Heavenly Father, inasmuch as He has justice and mercy as the more valued possessions of His kingdom, retaining justice to Himself, granted mercy to the Virgin Mother.' In Alphonso Liguori's Glories of Mary we read : ' Jesus, being no less our Judge than our Saviour. He must avenge the wrongs we do Him by our sins; while the Holy Virgin, being solely our advocate, is obliged to entertain only sentiments of pity for us.' And again : ' The Father gave all judgment to the Son, and the whole office of mercy He gave to the Mother. '? In a modern French devotional writerf we read : 'We are very unworthy to draw near unto Jesus, and He has a right to repulse us, because of His justice, since, having entered into all the feelings of His Father since His blessed resurrection, He finds Himself in the same disposition as His Father towards sinners — that is, to reject them — so that the difficulty is to induce Him to exchange the office of judge for that of advocate, and of a judge to make Him a suppliant. Now this is what the saints effect, and especially the most blessed Virgin.' You see on what a foundation of vain and false imaginations the whole superstructure of Mary-worship is built up. If these statements be true, the invitations and promises of the Holy Gospels, the exhortations and encourage ments of the apostolic epistles, are, one and all, a cruel delusion. I thank God that we have not so learned Christ. I thank God that we of the Church of England believe in a Heavenly Father, not an implacable sovereign — in One who Himself loves us because we love His Son, and we have believed that He came out from God. I thank God that we have been taught to believe in the comfortable words — '?If any man sin, we have an Advocate with the Father— Jesus Christ the Eighteous. He is the propitiation for our sins,' and ' He ever liveth to make intercession for us.' But what about His blessed Mother ? We love the Mother for the sake of the Son, but we do not adore her. We honour her memory, but we do not implore her Virgin help. We regard her as a blessed saint, a holy Virgin. We pray for grace to follow her example of faith and poverty of spirit, of meekness and obedience, but we do not set her up to mediate betwixt our souls and Christ. We honour her according to the teaching of Holy Scripture, the testimony of the primitive fathers, the practice of the Catholic Church in the first ages, but we do not worship her. Year by year we celebrate her memory in the festivals of the Annunciation and the Purification. We record . her blessedness day by day in the Magnificat, but we do not call her mediatress, or co-redemptress, or the authoress of our salvation. We acknowledge her as the Theotokos, whose incommunicable dignity it is to be the mother of Him who is God. We venerate in her those God- bestowed graces of faith, humility, and obedience which enabled her, under circumstances most startling, to submit herself unre servedly to the Divine will, and to become a voluntary agent in the redemption of the world. But lest I should be suspected of exaggerating .what the Church of England teaches, let me quote two brief passages from two of our standard writers. 'We cannot,' says Bishop Pearson, ' bear too reverend a regard unto the Mother of our Lord so long as we give her not that worship which is due to the Lord Himself.' I now quote from Bishop Hall. ?? How gladly,' he says, ' do we second the angel in the praise of her who was more ours than his- ! How justly do we bless her whom the angel pronounced blessed ! How worthily is she honoured of men, whom the angel proclaimed beloved of God ! O blessed Mary, we 'cannot honour thee too much, who deify thee not. That which the angel said of thee thou hast prophesied of thyself ; we believe the angel and thee. All generations shall call thee blessed, by the fruit of whose womb all generations are blessed.' I think there is no occasion for me to say more. I have sufficiently vindicated the teaching of the Church of England from the wanton aspersions cast upon it, and I trust that I have shown also (to use the words of St. Bernard) that 'we only detract from the real honour of our Lord's mother if we invent or substitute false and doubtful honours.' Our hearts' desire, as peace-loving Christians, is that it may please God, of His infinite mercy, to heal the breaches of Zion and restore its wastes, so that throughout all the earth there may be one Lord, and His Name one. But we have also to remember that if we trust in Jesus Christ as our only Lord and God, our only Saviour, the only Eefuge of our sinful souls, the .Supreme Object of our affections, and our One Hope in the hour of death, we may not dally with any system of worship and devotion which seems to introduce a divided affection and a divided confidence into our hearts. We dare not, I say, divide our affections, our .hopes, and our prayers between Jesus our Lord, true God and true Man, and any other, even though that other be His own holy mother, whom all generations shall call blessed. For what saith the Holy Ghost: 'In none other than He is there salvation; neither is there any other Name than His under heaven, that is given among men, wherein we must be saved' (Acts iv. 12). ? 