Brisbane Notes. (VROU our OWK CnCRESPOIlnEMT). ProparationB aro now boing mado to tako loavo of Sir Honry Norman. Tho aplondid old follow grievos to loavo a pooplo who worship him, bul tho ohanoss aro that aftor tho train draws woll oloar of Roma-stroot to-night ho will uncon sciously hoavo a sigh of roliof. Ho wonld not bo human if ho docs not. Fiosh nnd blood must bo wosry of tho f ontortaining, and addrossing, this excol- lont man has undorgono tho last month. Whon tho .South Brisbano Councillors gontly liiutod how thoy would proforhim to go oror to tho Council Chambers, so as to roccivo tlio addroBB in stylo, thoro was a touch of pathos in tho voico which answorod that his engagements woro rory namoroas, and although ho roso at 5 o'olook ovory morning, 110 conld scarcely find timo to got throngh thorn all. Tho cost of popularity, liko tho oost of glory, ib somotimos moro thau embarrassing. Tho gnarantopd railways havo boen laid on tbo tablo, and Woongarra is not amongst thorn. As, in alt probability, this is tho last batch to bo introdaccd this sossion, tho question arises whothor tho ratepayers woro out of their senses, or it was very mnoh tho othor way about. Cortainly, half tho intorost on cost of eonstruotion of a short lino dooB not amount to much, and that is, in most oasos, what tho guarantco ' amonnts to ; yet as ratepayors aro, as a rule, in ditfi- cultics for want of money as it is, who knows but that tho Woongarraitos aro wise iu dcolining to bo saddled with liabilities in rospe'ot of a dubious railway. Although tho Hondon-Allora lino is cxpsctod to cost no moro than £2174 por mile, making the intorost only £312, yot tho traffic is not oxpootcd to pay working expenses, so that in this instiinco thero will bo moro than tho half or the intorost to bo made good by tho ratepayers. Yet foryoars tho Alloratos clamorod for tho building of this lino, avorring it would be, as UBual, ono of tho host paying in tho oolony. It strikes mo forcibly tho rate payors havo not that fellow-feeling for tho taxpayers .hatshonld subsist botween sufferors in a similar onuso. Tho stato of tho country is almost as bad as it was boforo the rain, and wo are boginning to shako oar heads ominously. It is jdst liko drought times again, con tinually promising rain, and as oon- Itinnally breaking tho promise, whilo a I cortain metallio hardness in the air por- I tends nothing bettor may be expected. I Bread and meat havo each rison, and I farther rises in this pair of life's crutches I aro anticipated by tho Job's comforters iu mono parts, xnings woro onu onongn boforo ; in fact, it was only tho nnproce- Idontcd oheapness of living whionkept I many of as living daring the yory bad I times. Theso havo not so improved that I wo can now afford dear living, and tho I soonor a start is made with somo of theso I railways tho hotter. A million or. so I distributed amongst the people just now 1 wonld moro conduco to prosperity than twico that amount of monoy looked np in I tho bankB. I You soo tho Government have dropped I the Mirani-Cattle Creok Railway, and I perhaps you will think thoy might as I well have dropped it soonor. But things I are not always what thoy soem. Instead I of making'a blander by fighting for that I line, tho Govornment wero bound to do I as thoy did, or allow the faction to seoro. I Said faotion industriously circulated tho I statement in Maokay that tho Govern- ment wero only tooling tno pooplo in brbging this proposal forward. Wero tho Mackayilos snoh fools as to think tho Government wonld bnild a lino that was going to ont up, and rain, Dalrymple's oattlo run? Not much. And tho Maokay Lnborists echoed, not mncb, bat swore that if tho lino wasn't bnilt thoy would ehuok ont Ohataw&y; and Dalrymple next eleotion. This was very olovor of tho fsotion, only thoy' mast go and Bpoil it all by argning in the Honsa that the Govornmont wanted to bnild the lino for tho aggrandisement of Dalrymple and other "fat" men. Even tbo Laborists of Maokay conld not under stand these blow hot, blow cold, taetios ; and now thoir threats aro directed against tho faotion. They see who it ia that is fooling them. Tho Govornmont, of oourse, had to provo their bona fides by I fighting for tlio lino. Lamentablo as I was tho waste of timo, and impolitio tho I allowing of stonewalling to intrude, these I wore minor ovils compared to tho inton- I tion of ovon the snspicion of insincerity, I The attitude of tho loader of tho I Opposition— rwhoso leading consists in | boing draggod hither and thither by the I hair of the hoad, as tho maggot bitos tho I incongruous oliques undor his nominal I command — on this samo railway proposal I is edifying. Five years ago tho Govern- I meat of whioh ho was a member bronght I forward tho first three miios of tho lino, I as ono among tho tardily specified rail- I ways for whioh tho million was to bo I borrowed. Whon tho motion to adopt | tho plans of the Mirsni-Cattlo Creok juuwsy was Qoto&icQp; jyi r irowors sds Mr Grimes roso simnltaneoasly with amondmonts— tho first to rologato tho lino to tho Guarantee Act, tho other to adopt tho plans of tho first threo miles of tho lino — tho samo threo miles as Mr, Powers' Govornmont had proposed five years sgo, and Mr. Powors himself, as ohairman of of tho Select Committee on tho Mirani-Cattlo Creok line, reported in favour of fire days ago. Did. ho iidston to withdraw his amondmont in. favour of Mr. Grimos'P Not. much, again.. Ho fought alt night, and oil noxt day, for his own, and thoreforo against Mr Grimos' amondmont— against tho lino ho had supported lato ana eariy, supported so warmly that ho roportcd in favor of it, though ho had to stand alono in tho Committee in doing so. This is con sistency with a vongeanoo— consistency in adopting ovory movo calculated to embarrass and disorodit tho Govornmont. |He romomborod how his own Govorn mont wa9- etnashed up by a .stonewall, and fondly hoped- .history would ropoat itsolf fivo years lator. I Bat it didn't, and now rccourso"is"1ktl I yet onco moro to tho good old working I bogoy of black labor. Every painfully Iwkito man has- a good, bot, highly- seasoned speoch on this subjoct on by hearty and can rattle off periods with "slavery," "boodle," " kanakadom," " fat men," and murdering savages" in it as fluently as Glassoy himself. When ever .the ghost of an opening prosonts itself for tho introduction of one of those spcoehes, tho .painfully whito Drako ib 'thoro liko a bitd.' ' Tho abolition. of block labor means tho abolition of' Mr. Drako as a politician, .if ho only know it, whioh I ho doesn't, or ho would not try st> hard I to extinguish himsplf. I Tho Commissioner of Railways is I making an attempt to oloanso tho sorviao I of politioal influonoo. Hoavon holp him. I Horoulos' contraot to oloanso the Augtcan stables was light roorcation to it, and Mr IMathiesou ia not a Horonles either, I though a tolorabiy strong and woll- I moaning man. But though politioal I influouco can novor bo eliminated from I tho railways whilo thoy romain tho I'proporty ot tho Stato, it may bo sensibly raiminisuod and divostod of its worso | offsets. We may hopo for something in I that dirootion.from.tho present regime. \- "' " t'' 