WIT AND HUMOUR. a \- D Faith-" L, n't you love the early prti" Morton (mauagine editor of a mag. z ne) " Ye.s, I do; they're all dead." Poet-" Has the editor read the poem I a left here yesterday' ' Othlie boy-" I gueE so, air b he's sick abhed to-day." Wife -" There c; unes that tramp I gave i some of my bisuits to the other day." I Husband-'" Impoaaibl : This must be his ghost." t ie-" I anm ambitiona to go before the < footlights." She-' Then you haI better I run along before papa comcs d wostaire. ' Clara-" He has proposed throee or four I times and I don't know whether to accept hm or not." Ml sude- "I wool J. St puseo: he should step." Judge-" WVero you ever op before this court ' Everett Yrest- " Can't oar. judcge. What time do your honour git op 9' Mrs ME:Bride-"Johr, dear, why are some grocers called green grocers? ' Mr McBride-" To distinguish them from cash grocers, dear." "Oh, I am awfully werriei, I walk in my sleep." "I only wish I culd do it. If I could i'd still have my job on the police force." Tough-' I wanta dI ;:n ewe, an' I wants 'em bad rsco :' (Grcer-' I;ato thatgrocer across the street. EBcrything he keeps is Sbad." "Can't you trust me ' pleaded he; "No i" decsively she eaid i:. She couud trust no one: you ace, Firm she c!erked for didn't credit. Mother-" That cotepaper is certainly quaint, but are you sure it is fashionable ' Daughter-" Oh, it must be. It's almost imrocsible to write cn it." 'ertly-"' There is one thing I hare to ray in favor of the wind when it aehitlcs. Dull head-" What's that'" Pertly-":I never whist'ea popular airs." Customer-" Whet in the world is that unearthly toxliog overhead ' Cicrk (smiling)--"There is a painless dentistry establishment upstairs, sir."'' The judge-"I hope I shall cot see you here .gain." I'Prisoner (who is arresttd weekly)-"Not sco me in Why, yer aint goin' to resign yer position, ari yrr ' The husband sitterly)-" I wish I had known as much before I was married as I do now." The wife-"': do L You n.iht really have amounted to something by this timne. Mrs Longwed-" Hare you any idea what is meant by the tires of love, dear ' Larg wed-" IErr-those the husband builds the tirst three months after marriage, I sup pose." Mrs Sargent (knowingly) -' It is said that the Lord cever made two women a ike." Sergent (tartly)-" Of course he didn't or you would never hear of a man getting mar ried twice." P'reacher-" Every man must scmo day settle his account with his Maker." Tailor -" I wish you could impress Mr Palmer with that idea. He hasn't settled with me in'abtut two years." Teacher-" Can any of you tell me why flannel is comfortable in winter?" Bright boy (in new underwear)-" It makes yeb bitch about and wriggle around, and the exercise keeps yeb warm.' "I'm a little worried about my wife, and would like to have you run up and see her.' Doctor-" What are her symptoms '' "Ste allowed me to leave the house without ask iog for money.' Little Ethel-" Why is it womens i always complainin' about the hired girl? LIttleDot-"'Oh. that's just so folks will know they o'n afford to keep one." 