The Ghost Under this heading it will be pos- sible to say something of ghosts, such as that which has compelled a gentle- man to warn trespassers out of his paddock near South Singleton. And the first thing the writer wishes lo say is that, while he would be very sorry indeed to affirm the impossibility of such things as ghostly visitants or apparitions of the dead, he is firmly of opinion that most of such appearances have as much claim to the super- natural as had Mrs Mellon's spooks. In other words, as the man says in the play, he thinks as a genera! thing that " ghosts is humbugs." And he is strengthened in this belief by the fact that he himself once the cause of a very first-class, yet totally imaginary, ghost making its appearance. The time was full 40 years ago; the place, Dunmanway, in the west of the county of Cork. At the country house at which the writer happened to be staying with his father for the woodcock and snipe shooting, a very large stack of " turf," for winter use, began to disappear with a rapidity which the ordinary domestic consum- tion of the fuel did not justify. The writer and another young fellow, son of the master of the house, had a single-barrelled gun each, with which they endangered their lives while en- deavouring to take those of redwings and fieldfares and the like. They had also (this being before the time of breech- loading guns and cartridges) the run of unlimited flasks of Curtis and Harvey's gunpowder, One day they devoted themselves to excavating places in numerous " sods," or pieces, from the turf stack, putting gunpowder liberally into tho excavations, plaster- ing the surface over again with turf, replacing the sods in the stack, and then, unlike Sir Henry Parkes, patiently waiting for events. An event came soon enough and sure enough. Two evenings afterwards while tho house was at dinner, an excited cook rushed in from the kitchen and announced that news had just come of the total destruction of Tim Finucane's family and residence at the hands of tho devil. This turned out to be a slight exaggeration. The story, as related by Tim himself, was that while sitting round the fire with his wife and children, Satan in full- dress, horns, hoofs, tail, long fork, gleaming eyes and all, came suddenly down the chimney, blew the fire to " smithereens" and the whole family out of the place by a powerful breath of flame. which smelled distinctly of brimstone.. Tim was careful to add that he did not believe the apparition was Satan himself, but only Andy Blake, who had died three months ago, and about whose destination there was no uncertainty. Andy, with his dying breath, had cursed Tim for get- ting the better of him in a transaction concerning a pig, and Tim had no doubt that Andy, being a prime favorite with the ruler of his present place of abode, had been able to borrow that ruler's form, in ordor to have vengeance upon his own enemy. It seems hard to have to relate, after this, that an otherwise excellent ghost story had to bo spoiled by the hard and prosaic establishment of the fact that Tim Finnegan, among others, was in the habit of helping himself from the aforementioned stack of turf, and that one of the " loaded sods" had exploded, without much damage, but with the production of a splendid fright. It may be added that the original design of the writer and his friend when they " loaded" the sods was not quite carried out. They had anticipated a probable explosion in the house which was their own abode, with much amusement for themselves in the terror of their elders, male and female, but female particularly. 