TOILIKSOI. »- — Now Tomllpson gave up the ghoBt in his house iu Berkeley-square, And a Spirit came to his bedside and gripped him by the hair— A Spirit gripped him by the hair aud car ried him far away, Till he heard as the roar of a rain-icd ford the roar of the Milky Way : Till ho heard the roar of the Milky Way die down and drone and cease, And they came to the Gate within the Wall whore Poter holds tho keys. " Stand up, stand up now, Tomlinson, and answer loud and high " Tho good that yc did for the sake of nteu or ever ye came to die— " Tho good that yc did for the sake of men in little earth so lone 1" And the naked soul of Tomlinson grew white as a rain- washed bono. " O I havo a friend on earth," he said, "that was my priest and guide, ." And well would he answer all far me if be wore by my side." —"For that ye Btrovu in noighbor-love it shall be written fair, "But how yb wait at Heaven's Gate and not in Berkoloy-sqitaro : " Though we oailed your friend from his bed this night, ho could not speak for you, "For the race is run by one and one and never by two and two." Then Tomlinson looked up and down, and little gain was there, For the naked stars grinued overhead, and he saw that bis soul was bare : The Wind that blows between the worlds, it cut htm like a knife, And Tomlinson took up ltis tale and spoke of his good in life, " This I have read iu a book," he said, "and that was told to mo, "And this Ihave thought that another man thought of a Prince in Muscovy." Tho good souls flocked like homing doves \- and bade him clear thB path, And Peter twirled tho jangling keys in weariness and wrath. " Yo have read, ye have heard,; ye have thought," he said, " and the tale is yet to run : "By the worth of the body that onoo yo had, give answer — what ha' yo done ?" Then Tomlinson looked back and forth, and little good it bore, For the Darkness stayed at his shoulder- blade and Heaven's Gate before :— "Oh this, I havo felt, and this I have guessed, and this I have heard man say, "Aud this they wrote that another mau wrote of a earl in Norrou ay." "Ye have read, ye havo felt, yo have guessed, good lack ! Ye have ham pered Heaven's Gate ; . "There's little room between the atari in idleness to prate 1 "O none may reach by hired speech of noighbor, priest and kin " Through- borrowed deed to God's good meed that lies so fair within ; . "Get hence, ' get hence to the Lord of Wrong, for doom has yet to run, " And . , . the faith that ye . share with Berkoley-squaro uphold you, Tomlinson 1" # . The Spirit gripped him by the hair, and sun by sun they fell , Till they came to the belt oi Naughty Stars that rim the mouth of Hell: The first are red with pride ana wrath, the next'nro whife'witii pain, But the third arc black wira clinkered sin that caniiot burn again : They may hold their path, they may leave their path, with never a soul to mark, They may 'burn or freeze, but they must not cease in the Scorn oi.the Outer Dark. The Wind that blows between the worlds! it nipped him to the bono, And he yearned to the flare; of 'Hell-gate there as the light of his own hearth-stone The Devil he sat behind the bars, where the de'sparato legions drew, But he caught the hasty Totnlliison and would not let him through. "Wot ye the price of good pit-eoalthat 1 must pay ?" said he, " That ye rank yoursel' so fit for Hell and ask no leave of me ? " I am all o'er-sib to Adam's breed that ye should givo me scorn, "For I strove with God for your 'First Father tho day that he was born. " Sit down, sit down upon tho slag, and ' auswer loud aud high '.'The harm that yo did to the Sons of Men or ever you came to die." , . Aud TomliuBor. looked up and up, and saw against the night The belly of- a .tortured star blood-red in Hell-Mouth light ; Aud Tomliuson looked down and down, and saw beneath his feet The frontlet of a tortured Btar milk-white in Hell-Mouth heat. "O I had a love on earth," said he, "that kissed me to my fall, " And if ye would;call my love to me Iknow she would answer all." — " All that ye did in lovo forbid it shall bo written fair, " But now ye wait at Hsll-Mouth Gate and not in Berkeley-square : "Though wo whistled your love from her bed to-nighr, I trow silo would not run, "For the ain ye do by two and two-ye must pay for ono by one 1" The Wind that blows between the worlds, it cut him like a knife, And Tomlinson took up the tale and spoke oi his sin in life :u— "Once I ha' laughed at the power of Lovo aud twice at the grip of tho Grave, "And thrice I ha' patted my God on tho hoad that men might call me brave." Tho Dovil ho blow on. a brandered soul and set if- aside to cool :— "Do ye think I would waste my good pit- coal on the kido of a bratn-siok fool ? " I see no worth in the hobnailed mirth, or the jolt-head jest ye did "That I should wakcu my gentlemen that are sleeping three on a grid." Then Tomlinson looked back and forth, and there was little grace, For Heil-Gato filled ths housoloss Soul with the Fear of Naked Spaee. "Nay, this I ha' heard," quo' Tomlinson, " and this was noised abroad, " And this I lia' got from a Belgian book on the word of a dead French lord," — " Ye ha' heard, ye ha' road, yo ha' got, good laok ! and the talo begins afresh— " Have ye sinned one sin for the pride o' the eye or the sinful lust of tho desh ?" Then Tomlinson he gripped the bars and yammered, " Lot me iu— "For I mind that I borrowoa my neighhor's wife to sin the deadly sin," The Devil he grinned behind the bars, and . banked the fires high t " Did ye read of that siu in a book?" said lie ; and Tomlinson Bald ' Ay' 1" The Devil ho blow upon his nails, and the little devils ran, And he said i " Go husk this whimpering thief that cotnes in the guiso of a man : " Winnow him out 'twixt star and star, and, sieve his proper worth : " There's sore doclino in Adam's line if this . be spawn of earth," Empusa's crew, so naked-new thsy may uot faca the firo, But weep that thoy bin too small to sin. to the height of their desire, Ovor tho coal thoy chased the Soul, and racked it all abroad, As children rifle a eacdis-caso or the raven's foolish hoard. And back they came with the tattered Thing, as ohildren after play, And they said : "The soul that he gotfVom God ho has bartered clean away. "We have threshed a stock of print i, tod book, and winnowed aohattering wii \d " And many a soul wherefrom he stole, L'jut his wo cannot find : M " We have handled him, we have daudqed him, wo hone seared him to the bone, "And Bure if tooth and nail show truth .he haB no soul of his own." , The Devil ho bowed his head on his bresjst and rambled deep and low : — ill " I'm all o'er-sib to Adam's breai-gf/ 'jA I should bid him go, jf: hill " Yet close wo lie, and deep ws lie". J i if I gave him place, -U, . "My gentlemen that are so prou '.ould flout me to my face ; ig ') . ' They'd call my house a oommoBt'; f«y and me a careless host, .' fv "And— I would not anger my gentltf.Si , tho sake of a shiftless ghost." The Devil he lookod at the ntangii Soul that prayed to feel the flame, j'7'' And he thought of Holy CharityFjt 6 h« thought of his owu gaud name :l' " Now ye could haBte my coal to Wy/.'S'i and sit yo down to- fry : W " Did ye think of that theft for ytufsclf ?" said ho ; and Tomlinson said, 'IVy-'" The Devil he blew au outward breath, for hie heart was freo from care :— V .... " Ye have' scarBO the soul of a lou?v," he said, " but the roots of siu are tipfc, " And for that siu should ye come in fore I the lord alone. S "But sinful pride has rule inside— anils mightier than my own. , . " Ye are neither spirit nor spirk," he said, 1 " ye are neither book nor brute — "Go, get ye back to the flesh again for the sake of Man's repute. "I'm all o'er-sib -to Adam's breed that I should mock your pain, " But look that ye win to worthier sin ere yo corns back again. "Got hence, tho hearao is at your door — the grim black stallions wait— " They bear your olay to place to-day. Speed, lest ye come too late 1 " Go back to Earth with a lip unsealed— go back with an open eye, " And carry my word to tho Sons of Man or e<mr yo come to die : "That the sin they do by two and two they muBt pay for one by ono— "And . . . the God that you took from a printed book be with vou. Tomlinson 1" — Rudyard Kipling. 