Too Much Alike, The close of the year 1866 fonnd me steerage officer on board of the United States ship . oommanded by Captain S , and lying in the harbour of San Franoisco, bound on a oruise in searoh of the Confederate steamer Shenandoah, which was at tha time burning American whalers ia the Okhotsk Sea. While recuperating after our lone voyage around che Horn the younger officers of tbe ship were wont to make irequent visits to the shore. Cards and billiards were our usual amusements, and in following these pastimes we sometimes found ourselves in queer places and often in dangerous localities ; for 'Frisco was not the place then that it is to-day. In those days the city was infested with some of the worst characters and rascals that ever existed. Upon the night in question all agreed to go in uniform, and as brass buttons aud j stiouiderscraps were the predominating feature in our uniform, in those dajs it was difficult for the landsmen to distinguish between the dross of the steerage and that of the wardroon: pffiaere. Sometimes during our perambulations on shore I found myself separated from iny companions, and after wallung about for some time chant ed opposite the "palace Saloon"— one of the most magnificent but most lawless places which then abounded in the city. Being ready for almost any adventure I strolled in and called for a bottle of wine ; being pretty well supplied with money I was not long ia picking up af^uaintancea. I was eventually invited to take a hand inacrame of billiards, and soon ueesina absorbed iu its fascinations. Tbe roam was well filled with a cosmopolitan crowd. While waiting for my opponent tomake his "run"I notioed a group whOBe appearance marked them as belonging to the gambling fraternity fixing their gianoes upon me, and now and then engaging in a whispered conversation. The game being finished a trio of the group approached me, and emiiing blandly invited ma to join them in a cigar and a chat over a glass. I readily assen'ed, and we adjourned to au inner room which waB elaborately furnished. The trio sat directly opposite me. Happening to cast my eyes in tbeir direction I detected a hasty glance pass between tbem, aud immediately one of tbe trio arose, passed out of the room, and closed the door. At the same time 1 heard the peculiar clicic of a look, aud like a flash it dawned upon me that I was a prisoner. _ Kising to my feet I demanded an explanation of euch conduct, but received in return a malicious sneer. One of my oompanions, without a word, then drew from bis breast a murderous-looking dacrger. I saw at once that murdvr was contemplated, and springing into a corner of tbe room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possible. My only weapon was a small clasp-knife which I usually carried about my person. Placing my thumb upon the clasp in order to prevent the blade from closing upon my hand and thereby disabling me, I awaited the onslaught which I was convinced would soon come. My two assailants withdrew to a corner of the room; there one of tbem, taking from his pocket something' which looked like straws or matches, they proceeded to draw lots. Presently I noticed tbe smaller one of the two suddenly turn pale. Reaching out his hand he received the dagger from his companion and deliberately proceeded tn measure off about five inches of itB blade. He slowly approached me, and I felt that the critical moment bad arrived. I fixed my eyes upon tho^e of the assassin as he slowly approached me, and upon meeting my gaze be seemed baffled for tbe moment, and he paueed as his eyes rested upon the knife which I heid in my band. He did not seem to know the exact nature of tho weapon, so he retreated a few steps. The man's compvaion, seeing him hesitate, made an effort to urge him on; but to no purpose, and finally they both withdrew to the further side of tbe room and again held a hurried conversation. Taming towards me again the one with the dagger lay down on the floor, in order to be below the range of my weapon, and working himself towards me prepared to strike. Poising himself upon his right arm and foot, with tbe dagger in bis left hand, he made a fearful lunge towards me. The blow fell short of its mark. I assumed the offensive. Throwing the whole weight of my body forward upon my left foot I lunged forward, but missed my opponent owing to bis low position on the Soor. Seeing that I was about to force the fight my opponent lost courage and began to sob and cry like a child, and refused to renew the attack, although urged on repeatedly by his companion. .While this was Koine on tbe suspense to me was terrible I dared not force the fight, as it was two to one, and I knew that if I left my comer it was sure death. Losing patienoe the other assassin seized the dagger from the hand of his companion and prepared to renew the attack. At this moment tho door was unlocked and opened, a stranger rushed into th-.- room, and seizing the hand that held the dagger exclaimed '' i'ou fool?, this is not our man 1" The would-be assassins immediately fled, and turning to me the stranger cautioned me to leave the place as quickly as possible. I did not stand upon the order of going, but found my way out upon the street in quick time.- Passing down tbe street I ran upon an old friend. Detective Allen. Upon seeing me he exclaimed—" What is the matter—you look as if you had seen a ghostI related to him as briefly as possible my adventure, and he assured me that I was lucky to escape with my life, as I had been in the moet dangerous place in 'Frisco. I spent the rest of the night with my friend Allen, and early the next morning went on board. Thatsameday we leftfortheOkbotsk Sea, and on returning some two months later we were surprised to hear that Lieutenant Marshall, United States Navy, had been fonlly murdered and faur.d lying on the street near the "Palace Saloon." Great excitement prevailed in naval circles because of his death, and the most strenuous efforts were made to discover his murderers, but they were of no avail. The exoitement soon dieddut, and shortly after our ship was put out of commission and her officers and crew ordered east. Upon arriving at New York T was ordered to the Naval Academy at Annapolis. 1 was one dny strolling about the anoient city when I observed an eldarly gentlemau approaching me. Extending bis hand he greeted me cordially, exclaiming, " Well, Lieutenant Marshall, how are you? wheu did you arrive?" Before I coi'Id offer any explanation his arm was drawn within mine, and before I knew it I was at his doorstep. I immediately informed him that he wan mistaken, as my name was Mate M , United States Navy. He could hardly be convinced, and would not accept my explanation until he had called one of bis daughters, with whom the lieutenant waB intimately acquainted. The momsnt she saw the her woman's wit deteoted the mistake; but they all declared that they never saw two persons who so olosely resembled each other. The circumstance* of that eventful night in San Francisco came vividly before me again, and after pondering awhile the. whole mystery was solved!. It seemed that Lieutenant Marshall had given offence to some of these worthies who frequented the gambling saloons, and they had sworn to take his life at the first opportunity. The resemblanoe between myself and tbeir intended viotim had indeed nearly cost me fc2 life. 