Dibbs Defeated. Bt a vote of sixty-six against; twenty-seyeu the - New South Wales Assembly last night negatived Sir R. Dibbs' motion of want-pf-coiifi-: dence against the Reid Administra- tion. The voting was well -advised, and the only other .satisfactory fea ture of the whole afffti is. that no attempt was made to'..delay: the. pror gross of public . business' by'eless discussion of a useless motion. f$ir George had a long tenure of pbwt. and the work done under hisdekdjisr ship was not by any means of a.startri Jingly brilliant nature. Mr. Reid; has 'but juBt taken office, and such a motion' .as that put to the vote last oighfc in so early a Btage of a Ministry's career would only be justifiable -under very exceptional circum-j stances. New South Wales ; tp-i day seems to he governed on the . same principles that marked her government a quarter of a century ago" r A battle : between the Ids and the Outs. Only, instead of the leaders being Parkes and Robertson, they are now. Dibbs and Reid, with Parkes urging Dibbs on to more adverse motions at an immature time for no other reason than he is frightened if he did not do so himself his rival, Sir Henry Parkes, might, and, by a catch vote, secure office. The evil of such a course lies in the fact that neither the interests nor the desires of the colony are taken, into consideration. The last general elec tions in New South Wales are too recent to allow of the supposi- tion that the expression of opinion then given by the electors has changed ; that the country is tired of its latest choice, Reid, and wishes a return to the then rejected Dibbs, his policy and his party. The step taken by Sir George Dibbs can at best only be re garded as one urged on by his own fear of his rival and the demands of his party in their anxiety to return to power. Therefore, though the incident is not a novel one, it is valuable as showing that under Constitutional Govern ment, which is supposed to be based on the greatest possible freedom, the expressed wishes of the people can be overridden by an unscrupulous and ambitious politician of the Dibbs and Parkes type. In Queens land to-day the people are governed by a body of men the name of every one of whom is rank in the nostrils of the great majority of the people; governed by a body of men renegades to their political prin ciples ; governed unscrupulously and for class purposes, not by the leader of the class party, not even by the name of the man, but by the ghost of the man's past reputation. Queensland governed by this ghost is even in worse straits than New South Wales, the good government of which is blocked by party politicians for party purposes. And the worst . of the position is that all the people of both colonies can do is to possess their souls in patience waiting for a change while they find some relief in exclaiming, How long, oh Lord, how long ! 