[?] / A MAORI ROMANCE. ' 1 (CONTINUED.) ?BT ATHA WESTBURY. CHjfPTER III. [,? . The Royal Sovereign. —V. A large chcerful Hi t: blazing anil ? roaring up a wide chimney within a ,, . roomy parlour of a noted hostelry in ':V ; . the town of Exford, distant twenty-five miles from Cranbourne. ? ' '? The Royal Sovereign waB noted, far -'. ? ' and wide, over the whole county of Yorkshire. It stood in a line with Vickers Croft, and' was only a one ijtoried edifice, but the old sporting pub could hold its own against many a jjiand hotel, not merely on account of its superior accommodation, but for the celt brity of the customers who supported it The inference must not be drawn that lords and ladies of high degree were to be met with here. On the contrary, the tout tnseinblc of most of its frequenters and loungers was any thing but aristocratic, and the conver sation the reverse of polite. No. The secret of its fame rested on its military reputation, for it was the head recruiting depot in the county. : had enlisted many a brave and handsome fellow, who little dreamed when first lie placed the gay streamers in his cap that mayhap his bones would lay rotting in some lonely quar ter of the j;lol:e, far. away from friends and home. Here many a country lout, fresh from the plough, had awakened out of a tipsy sleep and found himself to his surprise one of her Majesty's servants, and where the regimental drill sergeant soon banished the slouching, swinging cait, and taught him the upright car riage and the independent step of a soldier. Here our friend Cartridge had taken the Queen's shilling thirty years ago, and had returned covered with glory and several medals for gallant daring under fire, to the wonder and admira * tion of his friends, and to the envy of Sergeant Stiff, the recruiting officer in' charge of the rendezvous at Exford, who hadn't a medal, and who had never seen a Shot fired save at ball practice. Although it was scarcely noon, the interior of the old receiving room in ?the rear of the bar was full of young men, interspersed with several loafers, who were too old to be enlisied for the army. About a dozen soldiers in uniform were seated round the red coal fire enjoying themselves after their kind with tobacco and beer. Anyone who has bad the pleasure of seeing Leopold as 'Frog ' in 'Die Fledermans' at the Opera-house may form some idea of Sergeant Stiff, re cruiting sergeant, who occupied the post of honor near the parlor fire. The sergeant wore a scarlet tunic much too short in the tail, also a silk sash of the same bright color. He .* carried a sabre buckled round his 'tre- mendous paunch, and from his forage cap there dangled half-a-dozen narrow ribbons of divers colours and about a yard in length. Seated a little way tw hind the recruiting sergeant was » tall, well-made young man who had en listed the day previously. He was perfectly sober, and was reading an old well thumbed book, quite uncon scious of the noisy rabble about him. ' Come Scraper, mount your perct. and discourse sweet music,' said the . sergeant, addressing a dirty looking smoking a short, vile-looking pipe. ' Who's going to play when there's nothing to sup?' answered the diity violinist* 'Where's the lush? that's what I wants to know ; no beer, no music — them's my sentiments for tou.' 'What do ye mean, sir?'1 retorted the sergeant, indignantly. ' Her Ma jesty allows you the magnificent re muneration of sixpence a day and three pints of beer to play and sing for the amusement and edification of the recruits of her Majesty's army. Beer, indeed ! Pooh ! By Gad I'll have you tried by a court- martial and flogged.' ' Yer can't, I'm not enlisted.' re plied the fiddler, in a dogged tone, at the same time mounting a kind of shelf fixed to the wall, and about six floor. . Here he took his fiddle from a nail by which it had luing, and gave a few preliminary squeaks. ' What be I to sing ?' he asked gruffly. ' Let me see,' said the sergeant re flectively, stroking his fat chin. ' Ah ! give us 'The Charge of the Light Brigade.' ' That ain t a'song,' answered the fiddler. Silence 1 How dare you reply to me, sir? I'd have you to know that I belong to that glorious body Of men who fought at Balaclava, Men who rede into the jaws of hell, sir; men whose bravery and daring a dirty scoundrel like you can have no con ception of.' '? No ; nor vou neither.'* erowled the fiddler. The officer's coarse face swelled with indignation. ' Halt, sir ! Don't reply to me ; by gad, I'll — I'll get another fiddler, as sure as my name's Joe Stiff. But no,' he added, folding his arms, 'a mean scoundrel like you is utterly beneath a soldier's notice.'' ' Don't fluster yourself, I'd rather be beneath your notice than beneath that big body of your'n, I can tell you,' replied the fiddler. ' I suppose you forget all about loin the ostler and I taking you up to bed last night ? Tom was in front and I behind yer, aisd we'd just gotten you as far as the fusi landing when you gives a lurch backtvaid. an' down you comes right en the top of me. It wor a mercy I wasn't crushed to a mumnajr.' opened and Corporal Partridge entered tbe room. Sergeant Stiff had risen to his feet to inflict summary chastisement upon the unwashed person of the fiddler, but the moment his eye fell upon the veteran the stern aspect of his counten ance changed in a moment. ' Harry Cartridge, by fire and brim stone, , how are you, old comrade ? Dammi', why you're covered with snow ! I say, ye dirty squad, fall back three paces from the fire, march I' ' How are you, Stiff? Glad to see you,' said the old soldier, shaking the snowflakes from him like a Newfound land dog; 'I suppose business is brisk ; plenty of recruits, eh ? Don't stir, men, I'm not at all cold.' ' Cold !' repeated the sergeant, with the air of a Sir Charles Grandisor. ; 'I should not say, corporal. I'll lay a wager that if some of these fellows here had been our regiment in the Crimea,, they'd not be clustering round this fire, like a lot of black beetles round a sugar cask I should like to know what such chaps as these would have done during that first winler, when the hair on their heads would have been stiffened with frost, and wh re (if they'd happened to fall asleep) they'd have discovered a dozen icicles on their beards when they awakened ? Eh, Cartridge, old 'boy !' The old boy didn't seem to assent very readily to the speaker's supposi tion, inasmuch as he knew very well that the well fed, portly form before him had never left England during that terrible struggle. The lall recruit looked up from the book he was reading, and scanned the veteran with a keen look. 'Come, corporal, take off your coat and muffler ; we'll havs hot grog all round. How are the people in Cran bourne?' and the sergeant rang the bell for the landlord Harry Cartridge took the recruiting officer aside, and said — 'Miff, I want to have a chat with you in the next room, if you can spare me balf an hour.' ' Oh, yes ; a month if you like, corporal '' 'I wonder what he wants?' rau: tered he, plunging his fat hands into his empty pockets, while he followed the old soldier into an adjoining room. ' Coiporal Cartridge divested himself of his upper garment and his hat, called for two brandies hot, which were quickly supplied. ?' e then closed the door, and seated himself opposite the sergeant. ' Got many recruits lately ? ' en quired Partridge, sipping h'is liquor. 'No, time's awfully dull since the Horse Guards have raised the standard from 5ft 6in to 5ft 9m. I can't get young fellows at that height. I've only enlisted one chap this last three weeks ' 'Is that the man who is reading in the parlor?' ' That's him ; a fine strapping ehap, and no mistake,' replied the sergeant. ' He came to me the other day and en quired if any of the home regiments were under orders for foreign service I replied the 6th Light Infan.try had received orders to hold themselves in readiness to embark at a day's notice for Auckland, New Zealand, and that they wanted a few spirited young fel lows like him to recruit the corps to its proper number before leaving Eng land.' ' And are the - 6th ordered out, Stiff?' 'Fact, Cartridge, I assure you. The Maoris have been kicking up a bob bery. I believe they have shot a score or two of settlers and burned their farms ; anyway, the 1 Light Bobs ' don't know the moment they will be ordered to embark.' ' Where is the regiment-stationed ? ' enquired the corporal. (I At ' nncufflroil tVio draining his glass. ' Oh ! quite handy. Have another glass, Stiff?' ' With the greatest pleasure in life, Cartridge, my boy. You're a real good fellow, and I always said so.' The veteran smiled ; he had an idea that a glass of grog more or less would convert the gallant officer into a flatter ing friend for the nonce. The old dra goon had the glasses replenished. ' And the young man in the next room?' enquired the corporal; 'he is enlisted, of course ? ' ' Yes, he hasn't spoken a single word since he came here,' continued the sergeant, 'save to the postman about some letter he expected. That burly ruffian, Fighting Bill, said some thing to the young fellow this morning that provoked him, and they adjourned i in rear of the place to have it out, but I dear me,- the recruit had it all his own J way, the fighting man hadn't the ghost 1 of a chance after the first two rounds, and you may believe me, he'll think twice before he crosses the youngster again:'-— v ? 'That is the kind of metal that soldiers are made of, eh, Stiff?' Sergeant Stiff adjusted his high silk stock, and surveyed himself proudly in the mirror opposite. ' Hem I we know the genuine ring, old boy ; there is always an affinity between the true and the brave. Drink up 1' The old veteran; laughed. ? 'I know where to find a comrade for your re cruit,' said he, after a pause. The gallant sergeant pricked up his ears. '' By Gad, Cartridge, you are a brick. Is he five feet nine inches high ?' 'Two inches over it.' ' Indeed I By Gad ; Cartridge, you're a— How old is he ?' ' Twenty, or perhaps a year less.' ' Give me your hand, corporal, I always said you were a regular — . Where is this chap of yours to be found ? 'You shall see him to-night, ser geant.' 'That's enough, corporal, damme. I havn't a stiver, but I'll stand a call, if I have to leave my sword in bond for it sword ? ' said' the .corporal, with some contempt ; ' It is, though ; the regulation swoid for officers of the line is exactly this size.' ' Indeed ! don't pledge it, then, for mercy's sake. It becomes you mightily, sergeant; I'm snre you would be lost without it ; besides I've half a dozen silver portraits of Her Majesty (God bless her) left in my pouch, and I mean to spend them.' ' Hurrah ! I retreat ; but look, you must give me my revenge when I'm in funds, mind that. Ring for the land lord.' ' Steady, sergeant, steady. I have a word to say before we have our tumblers refilled. This young man whom I have.mentioned will not enlist except upon two conditions,' said the corporal gravely. ' What are they ? ' ' That he be sworn in and sent by rail to join his regiment before' to morrow morning.' ' Phew 1 impossible, comrade. Why, you know very well there is no court held after 12 of noon in Exford.' 'Yes, I know that very well; but tell me, sergeant, have you in the course of your service ever had recruits passed after 12 o'clock midnight?1' 'Of course, but that was during the Crimean war. Men were wanted urgently at that time, and we used to take the recruits to the nearest magis trate after they had passed the doctor's examination and send them off at once, but now — ' 'Oh! I. understand,' interrupted the corporal ; ' you are not so particu lar now. Well, it is a pity, and I'm afraid you'll lose 2 guineas, also one of the finest looking young men outside the British ranks.' The old corporal spoke quietly, 'but he eyed his companion with a keen anxious glance. The recruiting officer reflected for some time, then suddenly asked — ' How is it you are in such a hurry to get this young man away to night ? ' ' I am not in a hurry.' 'But the — this friend of yours — why docs he want to be off in such haste ?' ' I cannot say,' answered the old soldier, coolly. ' Has he committed any crime ?' ' No, he is as innocent as —you or myself.' Humph ! I think I ean manage it,' saidjthe sergeant, speaking more to himself than to his companion. 'I knew you could,' replied the veteran, triumphantly. ' Here, landlo/d, fill these glasses. Mind, hot and strong this time.' ' YVhen will your man be here, Cart ridge ?' The corporal glanced towards a large eight-day clock that stood in a corner of the room, and answered, ' It is now three, he will be here at ten o'clock to night.' ' You will accompany him ?' ' No, he will come alone.' ' How shall I know him?' ' My name will be the countersign between you.' 'Good! Here's his health,- and .may he prosper in the service.' They sat and gossiped for some time as only old soldiers can, until. the, old fashioned clock striking four warned the old soldier to depart. He muffled himself once more, shook hands with his companion, and, halting at the door,, said in a serious tone — 'Sergeant Stiff, I am about to ask a favor, a very great favor.' ' What is it; Cartridge ?' 'That you ;will not mention this meeting or the business between us to anyone, and further that you know nothing respecting the man who is coming here to-night. It is just likely you may be questioned, but you will hold your tongue e ' Mum's the word, corporal,' answered the recruiting sergeant, at the same time placing his fat fore finger to the side of his purple-hued proboscis. ' I'm fly to that game, you rely ; Joe Stiff hasn't been in the ser vice twenty-five years without knowing a thing or two; before ten o'clock. I'll go bond yonder rascals will be either drunk Jjor asleep, and as for old Sourtap, the landlord, he's a fox can find a wav to put the hounds off the scent. Good-bye.' The corporal mounted his steed and urged him at full speed towards Cran bourne. CHAPTER IV. Two Recruits. A raw, cold morning had just dawned over the city of Bristol as Ser geant Joe Stiff arrived 'at the Clifton Hill terminus, accompanied by two recruits for the 6th Light Infantry. The officer was tired and sleepy, and; the Royal Barracks a mile and a half away on the other side of the city ;. therefore he resolved to call upon an friend ere handing over his charge at headquarters ? From the railway station the old soldier conducted his companions through a labrynth of narrow and dirty streets until he came to a' large, dilapidated house, standing like a tottering giant ahove the pigmy huts beneath it. There the sergeant halted. and, turning to his companions, said — ' This is the residence of my old friend, Mr. Bell. When I was on the recruiting service in this city many years ago I made this my house of call. Many a thousand young fellows I have billeted here, which, by the way, my friend has named 'The Hall of Delight.' We will stay for a nap, and a good breakfast afterwards, before proceeding to the barracks.' After many hard whacks at the door with his cane the sergeant raised his voice, in answer to which a great rough head thrust itself out of one of the windows oft he upper storey ' Who the tarnation is that batter ing my door at this time of night?'1'! demanded a voice anything but musi cal in its tone. - ~ liujj UUUli II u morning, and a devilish cold one, too, replied Joe. ' Come, make haste and I open the door.' ' I'll see you at Judea first,' re sponded the voice, hoarsely. Be off or you'll get a shower bath, d'ye hear ? ' 'Come, Bell, don't you remember mo— Joe Stiff, of the Buffs— you old flint lock.' The head bobbed out at the window again like a jack in-the-box, uttered a grunt, disappeared, and immediately the trio were admitted into a dingy passage. A tallow candie shed its dim light athwart the thin face of an aged man with hooked nose and little, rest less, bloodshot eyes. This personage held the light above his head and sur veyed his visitors until his eye fell upon the portly form of the sergeant. ' Hilloa I Is that really you, Mr. Stiff? Why, how well aud stout you're looking 1 I'm very glad to see you.' ' Thank you, Bell, thank you,' re turned the officer. ''How's Mrs. Bell and the little Bells, eh ? Here's a couple of plucky lads who have en rolled themselves under the banner of the 6th. Gentlemen, this is Mr Bell, one of my most intimate friends, and, shall I say it, the master of the Hall of Delight.' At this moment there came a horrid voice from above calling, ' Mr Bell I Mr Bell I'' ' What is the metter now ? ' replied that individual, holding the candle1 up towards the head of the stairs, 'Matter!' replied the unseen one in tones of alarm. 'Tare-an-ouns I I'm ate alive wid these murdering fleas. Didn't ye take my hard-earned money an' tell me yer beds were clane, eh ? Tell me that ; an' here I am wid grate red bumps all over rny body wid the varmints.' The proprietor of the Hall of De light winked at the sergeant and showed his ugly yellow teeth ; but he held his peace, and presently the voice sub sided into the interior of the upper storey. ' 'You hear these ungrateful rascals,' said Mr. Bell, appealing to his visitors. 'Here am I and Mrs. Bell toiling early and late to make things nice and comfortable, and this is our thanks, Fie! 'tis an ungrateful world, gentle men. What will your friends take, sergeant ? ' ' Well, to tell you the truth. Bell, there is not the price of a bottle of grog among us.' ' In— deed ! Hum ! That alters the case mightily, ' replied the old ruf fian, with a frown. ' Perhaps they had better eo and catch an houi's sleep. Come this way, gentlemen ; I'll show you s quiet bed room.' Mr. Bell conducted the two young men up a narrow stair, and into a sort' of skyloft,' wherein some twenty or thirty iron cots and stretchers were ranged side by side in two rows the whole length of the room, with hardly six inches of space between each bed ; the bedding was of a foul and filthy character, while the- occupants thereof presented an appearance in keeping with the surrounding. Here lay the destitute and forlorn,, whose moral and physical energy had been expended in the great conflict of life. The poor, but 'proud mortal whose existence had been a complete failure from the beginning, had pledged the last rem nant of his finery to buy'a meal and a bed, and here he. slept dreaming of suicide. The well-born scapegrace had made his last stand , here against the grim foe, starvation ; and among thieves and sinners of the very ugliest type, wrote sermons for popular preachers in the cities, who grow fat and famous upon the coinage of the ! unrighteouH. . ? The dim light of the grey- dawn revealed men relining in positions more natural than elegant. Indeed, that proclivity so habitual to -the Bohemian and the outcast stood boldly out in all its deformity. ? Some there were who did not take the trouble to unrobe, but lay li-je so many Rjp Van Winkles, and probably sriored much louder than the hero of Washington Irving. Mr. Bell, who did not believe in the axiom ' civility costs nothing,' left the j two youug .men to theriiselveB in the crowded garret,- and departed down stairs to hob-nob with 'his croriy.' And what shall we' say .of these two youths, utter strangers to each other ? Briefly this : that ? in this polluted atmosphere they -swore eternal and lasting friendship for each other. In youth .to. youth there is. a mesmeric attraction. In a shake of the head we like or dislike those whom we have met, perchance, for the first time. Why are we . attracted ? or repelled? That subtle influence which men . call sym pathy encircles every child of Adam more or less. -Btween those two young soldiers affinity had developed itself from the;first hour.of meeting. Perhaps the thought that- .they, were, to be comrades in the same corps,- that in rain: or shine, at home or abroad, ,war I or peace, their fare and fortunes would ! be ..'linked together, piay have initiated 1 the bond of fellowship ? : * Not. to the- outward eye, but to the | sense that has known trial and suffering ' came the idea to each-of; them that his fellow deserved- no questioning- with 1 reference to the past ; therefore no I confidences were exchanged. Nay, 1 their names were unknown : to, each ! other until they were called upon to sign the attestation roll, which ' made them servants of - Her Majesty the Queen ' So your name is Philip Ormond ?' | Claude Wingate had briefly enquired, j during the journey, and ' his comrade 1 had answered ' Aye !'!.... I . 'And. yours, ? men aw*,, is .Claude , Fanshawe?' ? . -r.-.- . ! 1 'Yes, the name is much better than 1 the man, Ormonde ; but-I niean to be. 1 worthy of, it if, I live.'; : -. 1 | The friends seated themselves upon a stretcher (for chairs there were none in the wretched -garret) : and conversed «RPPPilPipPiPHiR-P^ by which they were surrounded. ' I wonder how this snoring animal is named?' said Ormonde, pointing to an individual whose head and shoulders were hanging over the foot of his cot ' Boxer, perhaps, or Bloomer.' 'Just so: or Punch. In fact, Suffolk Punch is just suited for so muscular a rogue, for thpre is little difference between some human kind and horses, save that the upright animal can harness himself aud can dispense with grooming.' This fellow seems already in har ness.' ' Truly, comrade,' rep';°d Ormonde, laughing ; ' yet I de'.j ..ny barber ol my acquaintance to groom such a mane as that fellow's poll presents. Groom ing in his case has been more honored in the breach than in the observance, I'm afraid. Fie upon the rascal, what a noise he makes.' Wingate or Fanshawe, as we shall call him, did not answer, but sat with his hands upon his chin, moodily staring out of the cob-webbed window. ' Are you sleepy, Claude?' ' No ; a thinking fit is strong upon me.' 'Throw it to the winds, my boy. Never think if you ? can help it, save how you may evade a creditor. Think ing is bad for digestion, and brings with it all manner of evils — the blue devils, and a host of the ills that flesh is heir to, are constantly at the elbow of thinkers.' 'Tell me,- Ormond, why did you enlist ? ' A dark frown passed suddenly over the handsome face of Philip Ormond at the question ; but it was gone in a moment, and he answered with a laugh — ' Misfortune is a hard taskmistress, Fanshawe.' ' I know that, Ormond.' ' I might take, the Irishman's way of answering a question by asking you an other one,' ' ' Don't ask any questions, I beg — at least not at present.' ' Very well, Fanshawe, we will make that a covenant between us, Misfor tune is a slippery jade; but I defy her — ' La experencia es madre la sctencia. Twelve months ago a friend of mine paid his court to the wealthy relist of a costermonger in Soho ; but she jilted him because his name was not in ac cordance with her notions of gentility,' '?You are in love, Ormond.' 'Not so; I have a talisman against the tender passion. I'll show it you.' He drew forth a locket from his bosom and opened it, disclosing the photo graph of a young and beautiful lady, the face superb in its exquisite loveli ness. ' Here is my fate, Claude, my friend ; no humbug can catch me while I have such a grand humbug as this to contemplate. Try again.' Fanshawe looked at him with inter est. ' I thank you for the hint ; other wise I feel a strong inclination to break our mutual bond,', answered he,' laugh ing, Ob, curiosity, curiosity 1 thou stu pendous giant ; but tell me one thing, comrades,' and Philip Ormond broke ! off abruptly in his rhapsody, and stood I before his -ompanion with a serious [ face. ' What is it, Ormond ?' ( ' You have a wound upon each of your wrists, and, p'ardon me, your hair seems to have been cut by a very inferior artist. How ? Claude Fanshawe faced his com panion with flashing eyes. Stop ! you ' must not ' ask these questions, Or mond,' he interrupted quickly. ' 'Must not, comrade 1 ' ' ' No ! I can read in your face the doubts respecting me which fill your mind at this moment ; yet, rest assured of one thing— I have never sullied my life with the doing Of one criminal or dishonest deed, as heaven is my wit ness.' The two men stood gazing into each other's eyes for several seconds. For the first time Fanshawe noticed a long, ugly scar -down the right of his com panion's face, which at the moment gleamed like a streak of blood. . ' Pardon my rudeness, Claude Fan shaw,' he answersd, in a thick, husky voice. ' Give me your hand. I want a friend— God help me ; a man upon wWp hreast I could lav mv head and say— here there is no deceit and treachery ; an honorable gentleman, whose— tut ! what am I saying,' and Philip Ormond suddenly paused, and setting his white teeth hard, as if to repress some rising devil within him. He had great command over himself, for in a short time the emotion had passed away from his face- ' Here is my hand, comrade ; let us be friends— not in name only, but in the true bond of brotherhood which the ' Master ' taught. Upon the outer circle of tha uncertain life upon which we are, both pledged to embark we may need the services of each other, for sorrow and suffering make men kindred and bre thren.' - The fierce light that was kindled in the eyes of the speaker but a moment before died:out, and the crimson seam upon his cheek faded to a more natural hue as his hand locked itself within that. of his companion. Beyond them lay the future, the great unknown, which would test the compact made and ratified here,. and which would weigh them both in the balance at the end of their journey. It is a somewhat hackneyed phrase that ' fine feathers make fine birds.' The maxim is untrue as regards the human family. . A vulgar man, no mat ter how wealthy or how well dressed he may be, cannot muster for a gentle man among those who can decipher a 'hank from a handsaw.' Philip Ormond looked and spoke like a man who had seen something of the world — something of its toiling, work-a-day life, and also of the higher and more lazy existence, which the listless votaries of elogance and fashion love to indulge in ; the holiday of life, where everything reeins coulcur dt rose , poetry and music. He spoke of travels in foreign lands ; of Paris, with its its decayed grandeur; of Switzerland and Italy, its books, pictures and beau tiful women ; and of men whose earthly forms were decayed into dust, yet whose names would live until the last trumpet sounded over the universe. Punctually at 10 o'clock the sergeant conducted his recruits to the Royal Barracks, where they were taken before the commanding officer of the regi ment, who held court in the orderly room. From thcnce they wert hinded over to the receiving corporal, who took their height and mea- Uiement, provided them w.ith their kits, and assigned them to their luturj com pany. Then began in earnest that initiation into the mysteries of the goose-step and all the stirring routine of a soldier's life. CHAPTER V. Birds of Aj Feather. The short winter day darkened very early over the city of Manchester. From tall stacks of bricks and mortar, from hugh factories, came the roar and whirl of incessant motion. Toil of iron and steel grifiding away in mad hurry and never-tiring motion. Toil of the machine human, weary, faint, and gasping in the choking atmosphere. Murky gloom and the fading day did stern battle, but the former marshalled his hosts together and soon overpowered his enemy. In no quarter of the city did the darkness gather so fast as in the neigh borhood of golden square. Here the high warehouses, made the narrow alleys beneath seem like deep ravines. Before three o'clock p.m, gas-jets began to twinkle through the plate-glass win dows of the various offices, the fluted glass panes seeming to shed tears of joy at the temporary warmth, which only made the bleak prospect without more dreary and uninviting, ^ The dingy office of Messrs. Blake and Carr' soft goods merchants, was the first to shed the gas-light on their ledgers ; but the four clerks, who con stituted the staff of the firm, were any thing but busy thereon. Three of them were standing with their backs to a snug fire, gossiping anent the Salford races, which had taken place the previous day, and wherein the heavily- backed favou rite, Rocket, had been beaten hollow. The fourth scribe, who seemed to ihold himself aloof from his com panions, stood leaning in a careless at titude by the dnll window, staring out upon the fast darkening street. Had this last mentioned individual been less absorbed in mental abstraction, it is possible he would have noticed the presence of a solitary figure slouching to and fro1 in the shadow of the wall outside, and followed by a great shaggy dog. There was something miserable indeed in that gaunt-looking fellow, as he plodded backwards and forwards like a sentry before that window, out of which the tall clerk gazed. An elderly man and grim-looking, with long grizzled hair and a weather-beaten complexion ; every line in his rugged face tells of privation that has gone near to famine. Thp nnimnl nt hie haalc gaunt frame and hungry look, and ever and anon turns his woolfish eyes up at him in mute supplication. ' Ah ! hard times for you and I, Tat, old dog,1' growls the vagabond, looking at the brute dubiously out of tht corner of his eye. ' Hard times, indeed, when the master hasn't even a bone for his dog, to say nothing of a crust for his own stomach. I couid have had better food in any prison in England than has fallen to my lot as a free man for these months past. Freedom is everything, they say — not for the people who are famishing, I answer. Liberty is bitter when it means you are free to starve and rot, as we are — eh, Tat?' Tat rears on end, and, reaching his great rough skull upward, licks the wan derer's face It is only a dog's tongue ? bnt there is comfort in the salute to Ihe Bohemian. ?' We shall sup daintily by-and- by-1, Tat,' he jerks out in a more hopeful way, and gazing up at the well-lit win dows of the house in front of him. ' Have patience awhile, and you shall have a bumper worth. Dickiner. Tat. nr my name's not Tom Vane.' They resume their walk to ar.d fro, for the keen freezing air bites too keenly for them to stand inactive even for a moment As the evening wears on apace the firm of Blake and Carr shuts its led gers, locks its safe, puts out the gas, and retires home to a comfortable fire and a hot dinner. The tall clerk is almost the last to leave the premises; but' the vagabond outside watches keenly,, and waits patiently for his com ing. Planting himself beneath a street lamp, he obtains a good view of the man's features as he passes onward, and then dogs his footsteps from street to street until the busy thoroughfares are left behind, and they emerge into a quiet suburb At this 'point the out cast' quickens his pace; but the talj clerk., halting, wheels suddenly, round and confronts him. ' Now, what do you want ? ' The sudden half and the abrupt qaestion in no way disconcerts the vagabond, who1 walks boldly up, and, holding out his benumbed hand, says— 'Markham Croft ! well met, how are you?' It was not so dark but the wanderer could note the start of surprise in the other; could see the face instantly change to a deadly hue, and the eyes begin to glow like: a tiger cat. ' Sir, you are' mistaken,'1 responded the tall one in a smooth, soft tone. The outcast laughed. ' Perhaps I am,' said he; 'a name,- like.'. an old garment, must be cast off according to circumstances. Lf Markham Croft be out of date, maybe I may address you as Captain Markham, late of the -- th Dragoon Guards ? ' '?Pray, who are you?' ? ; 'A man who would fain eat, vdriuk and be merry.' ' follow people in the'streets like a fool - ' I pad — it is dangerous. Now, I have only to call yonder policeman and you sup in prison.' Not a quiver of emotion or passion ?' in that cool soft voice, yet what a world of sarcasm. The vagabond advanced one step nearer and laid his dirty hand upon the other's shoulder. ' Captain Mark ham, Markham Croft, or whatever you may please to name yourself, I kno .v. you, man. Look at me well,' he cried, in an altered voice ; ' has three years hard living and harder lines made such a change in your friend and confede rate, Tom Vane, that you fail to recog nise me?' 'Tom Vane! Vane 1 ' repeated the other, in a vacant way, as if he was, ---'j considering some hazardous move in a game of chess. ... 'Aye, Vane!' interrupted the out cast hurriedly ; ' that same Tom Vane | who a few years ago had £50,000, and j who, thanks to Captain Markham or ? J Markham Croft, hasn't a feather to fly ''\ with this night. Don't let us play upon \ words — I am in want. If the change , - that you must see in me has come by slow and hard degrees will not move your purse-strings, then I have a more potent weapon at hand, which I will not scruple to use.' As a gambler who pauses ere he stakes his last coin, so the tall clerk remained silent for just one moment, then breaking forth in a merry guffaw held out his hand'. ' Tom ! Tom ! what a rare detective you would make,' he cried ; ' there if no escaping you. Now that you have discovered me, I may tell ysu that A am that same Markham Croft as of old — ready to help a friend and fight au enemy, Come along, my lodgings are close at hand.' The dog hovered at the heels o' Croft, sniffing and growling by turns, as if protesting against such fine com pany. Nor did the vagabond fee! altogether at ease at the sudden change in the manner of his com panion. He knew the man well enough to percaive that his coming was not welcome, that some resolve was hatching in the mind of his newlv discovered friend to get rid of him a. the earliest opportunity. Markharo Croft conducted the tatterdemalion into a wide street, and halted before a handsome structure of the villa type. He opened the door with a latch-key, and led Tom Vane to a suite of rooms warm and cosy. The largest of Ine - was a dining room, well lit, and whprein blazed a bright fire. Dinner was already on the table, and a hard-visagerf woman standing by it, who gazed at the vagabond with a rude stare ere she made her exit. '? Who is that woman?' ' Only my landlady. Sit down and make yourself at home.' The outcast's eyes sparkled as thev 5 fell upon the smoking joint, the soup. and fish, flanked by a pair of cu' - » decanters containing wine and brand* Grasping the latter, he poured on half a tumbler of the raw spirit and -.r; ?; swallowed it at one gulp. - They sat down, the Vagabond silen % and savagely hungry ; Croft, watt hfu1 i cynical and talkative. Now that the . s light beamed full upon the man, one. ? .-? ?. can note his face. It is of oval out- ' line, the skin dark, framed by a pro fusion of short black hair ; a round ? dark eye, arched by brows thick and - lowering ; small silken whiskers, whicb. grew more upon the chin than the ' upper portion of the face,- thus leaving bare the broad, massive jawbone so ? v stronn and firm when closed that it &. would have taken an iron crowbar to open it against the ownar's will, vei i when open disclosing teeth small, even, a .5 and white as any lady's. A face lhac ? ^ might be called beautiful ; but its -. : beauty was of that animal order whici/ 5 we admire in the tiger or serpent ; a ? t face that presented in its expression ? 1. more of instinct than intellect, fair to . i look upon, morally cunning and un daunted in evil doing. Dressed as he v 1 is, in neat atid well-made clothes, Mark- - ham Croft seems an effeminate dandy, : i yet the lion-like strength is hid in the - suppleness begot of athletic exercises A terrible animal, yet more dangerous, . - ? because of the great muscular power half disguised in the lissom syinetry . of exquisite proportion. The figure in . - which brute force seemed so to pre- ? dominate that in a savage state it would have worn a crown, by that self-same - -- rule' which secures command and au- -- thority in all societies where force alone gives the law. (to be continued.) : - v 