€i'icket Notes. Harry Doniian says that occasional, fast ball of Les. Pyo's is a throw. Othor good judges say tho samo thine. Thus ono of tho papers on Irodaba's fielding in tho third tost match : — ' Iredale, fielding at cover and in the .slips, evidenced groat ability, which tho throng in the ground ro pontadjy iiokuowiodgod.' Wo would liko to see Jack Simpson in eleo torate cricket . Ho is as good a bowler as there is iu tho district, u splendid field, und an occasional scoror. . Ho would pluy, we hoar, if he was oortain of gutting a show with tho ball. . As 'Harry Thorpe is tied down, Sid. Walford might do worto than givo Simpson a ooaxor. Mr. Charles Ohuroh, the new toachor at Parramatta North, is a good all-round man. Up at Moss Valo, he uud Oupitt used to knock up all- the runs. Af. tho Asylum lust Saturday ho made top Kcore, but guvo soyorul shows. Ho bowlod well Ho has joiued the oloctorato olub, whoro batsmen are sadly required. Mr. Konnedy, the now Carlingford toaot or, is also reported to be a good bat. ? If they show uuything liko form, they will got a place in tho electorate teura. Both touchers eomo with good reputations and averages. A. lovely day and a perfect wicket did not avail the Central Oumborlundors on their good, luck hi wiuuing tbo, toss last Saturday. Unless our follows can knuolc up 150 rims by hulf-past four to-d'iy, they haven't evon a ghost of a show of wiuning. ; Just now it looks like a ono innings defeat. If our fellows should knock up the runs, Sid. , Wulford Bhould work his bowling, and for a forlorn hopo mix up Pyo, Littlo and Wilsou, perhaps giving tho two formor first show with tho bull. Parramatta who happy all day on Mondny, as Iredale wus mounting bis score agtuast Sloddart nnd Co. His 140 is his highest in a first-class match. Womill did not do anything wiih tho bat, but he earned his phico by brilliant Holding. His thrto catches iu the first in.iings must havo saved his sidoovor 100 runs Red-hot rivalry oxists botweon Dundas and Rydc in their district match, owing to Dundas upsotiing Rydc in a protest. ? Bill Short was in good humour and rattled up 72 in fino stylo. The match will bo continued to-day. 