THE CASE OP THE LONDON. IN publishing the full evidence in the case of the two applications for leases before Mr. Warden Finnerty on Friday and Saturday last, we did so with the object of affording our readers an opportunity to judge of the working of the new survey regulations, that came into force on the 1st of March. It will : be remembered that the London discovery was made on February 8th, and on March 6th the surveyor started to survey the area of the application, which was for two 12-acre blocks. The surveyor was acting without instructions from the Survey office—a rather risky though common practice amongst surveyors—and he found it impossible to satisfy the demands of the holders, on account of one wanting the survey to be made from the datum peg, and the other wishing it to begin at a point on the London Consols block, so that both leases would be adjoining, and the holders could have one complete area. The confusion arose over the fact that the prospectors, in marking off their ground, had taken in within their pegs over six acres more than they had applied for. The surveyor notified them of this, and explained to the prospectors that under the Act they could amend their application to include the whole of the area within their pegs. This at the time, according to sworn evidence, they refused to do. Mr. D'Arcy Uhr, another prospector, acting in ignorance of the new regulations as explained by the the surveyor, had already started to put his pegs around the excess area, as he was entitled to do under the old regulations, when he was stopped by the surveyor, who also explained to him the tenor of the new regulations. Mr. Uhr, after consulting the Act, gave up all hopes of getting any of the ground until the excess area was refused distinctly by the applicants present, Messrs. Davis and Bees. Finding, as he thought, no amendment forthcoming, Mr. Uhr finished the pegging of the ground on the 7th of March, and made application for the area to the Registrar at Coolgardie. The London applicants, by this time thoroughly aroused and greed, made an amended application for the whole of the area within their pegs on the 9th of March, and the two applications were etermined on Saturday, when the Warden held that all reasonableh aste had een made in lodging the amended appliation of the applicants for the London, nd recommended' to the 5 Minister that he -London application be granted, and hat of Mr. TJhr refused. So far so ood. Those who are fond of poetical ustice will &o; doubt b«5 gra,tifi«d at the g a s h v c f w I M t £ w t b t b d More growls about the postal and telegraphic management of the Coolgardie branch. The Stock Exchange has lodged a protest with Sir John Forrest concerning the state of affaire here. The epistle sent to the Premier is plain, blunt and outspoken, and is bound to have some good efEect. Meanwhile our postmaster wears a much harassed look, and seems to be eternally coresult of th« hearing, in that the prospectors of the find have secured, or are almost certain to secure, the area which they pegged. We have referred at length in our leading columns tc this case, on purpose to disabuse the minds of many people with respect to these survey regulations. It has been thought by them that the decision in the case will override sub-section 8 of section 60 of the Goldfields Regulations. That section provides that in all rectangular areas " the length shall not exceed twice the breadth." In the case of the London application this has not occurred, the lease being 10 chains wide and not quite 20 chains long. It has been pointed out to us, however, by two or three correspondents, that there is nothing to prevent an applicant from pegging off five acres, namely, five chains wide and ten chains long, and after lodging an application, to afterwards amend it to 25 acres, getting 50 chains along a line of reef by five chains wide- Let us point out, in return to our correspondents, that there is just one thing in the road of such a monopoly, and that is the Warden. That lynx-eyed official is thoroughly an, fait with mining law, and he knows that the new survey regulations will no more render subsection 8 of section 60 ultra-vires than will the ghost of Ca;sar rehabilitate Rome. The man who thinks he is going to play off a trick of securing in a rectangular-shaped block of ground a mineral area with a length of ten times its width is in for a bad quarter of an hour with Mr. Finnerty, especially if his liver is out of order. Where amended applications are made, it can be safely left to the Warden to properly interpret the Act, and avoid any clashing of the regulations in the judgments which he will make. Sneak thieves, the lowest class of robbers, who carry on their depredations under the smallest possible chances of danger or detection, are common in Coolgardie. Mr. Friedlander, who is staying at the Club Hotel, retired to rest on Friday night, hanging his waistcoat on a nail behind the door. During the night he heard somebody in his room, but thinking that it was his room companion, to admit whom the door had been left unlocked, he paid no attention to the intruder. In the morning he discovered that his waistcoat was missing, and with it the contents of the pockets, which consisted of 13s. 6d. in silver and an open-faced gold watch. The latter was a present from Mr; Friedlander s mother, and he had had it for many years. It originally cost £35, but by use and wear was probably worth on the night of its disappearance only £10, which, however, was a large value to lose. Mr. Friedlander's waistcoat was discovered during Saturday about 200 yards away from the hotel, not a vestige of money or watch being in the pockets, and he is at the whole loss of the articles. Moral: Always lock the bed room door, and never carry the fateful number " 13 " in your pocket. gitating over the query—" Is life worth living ?" Of the scores of thefts that have been committed, the Coolgardie police have not succeeded in catching a single criminal. With the intuitive sense of the fitness of things for which the police on the field are becoming so notorious, they have succeeded in gettins hold of the wronsr man on several occa- Some time a<jo a miner, who had been on the field since a few weeks after its discovery, had the misfortune to be detained in durance vile for being drunk and disorderly —or something like that. While there the police sought to make use of him in divers ways. One day, being a handy man, having one time been a sailor, he was making a mat for the Warden, and whilst the household was absent he managed to place his hand on a bottle of Usher's which the Warden keeps on his premises for medicinal purposes. When the absent ones returned, " Scotty "— for that is the name he is generally known by—was showing the gffect of the whiskey in conduct which was deemed disorderly, and the police were called to effect his removal. He resisted, and the constable twisted his arm round his back, and " Scotty " fell. It transpired that his shoulder was dislocated and his arm broken. He was subsequently removed to the Hospital, but was discharged owing to scarcity of room. He now goes about the town with a useless arm in a sling, the limb having apparently been improperly set, and he appears to be suffering great pain from the injured member. He has applied, without avail, for re-a lmission to the Hospital. He is perfectly destitute, without money, food, tent or blankets, and herds at night in stables, glad to share with the horses in the stall the wisps of straw that may be lying about. The police have also been approached about the matter, but say they are powerless to act. So the man perforce must beg for a living, and may probably lose his arm altogether through the neglect of those who are supposed to guard the public health. This is not as it should be. Mr. Partridge, an old resident of Coolgardie. is leaving within 14 days for a trip to the old country, and he is willing to ,'take home with him the offer of any good properties that anybody may • have to float. He stipulates for a mortar test, as he considers that a good battery reef is the most likely property to float. Mr. Partridge was the flotator'of the well-known Moonstone mine of Charter's Towers, getting £35,000 for the property. He is well known to many mining men on the field, notably Captain Phillips, and also is ati fait with Mr. Tasman and Captain Backhouse, the former of whom is one of the best known men on the London Exchange. The principal object of the visit of Mr. Partridge to the old country is in relation to the Coghlan intestate case, at Dublin, to which his wife is the leading claimant. He thinks the time auspicious for doing flotation business, and is prepared to take properties of value home and bear the whole cost of their flotation. The rush to Lake Darlot continues. Undeterred by warnings, men are daily leaving for the scene of the distant find, mostly per camel team. Mt. Catherine—or Yerilla, as it is now called—is also proving attraction to considerable numbers in of the fickle weight and the fondlyhoped-for slug. W. I. Cosgrovc reports : Business continues good ; a large number of horses having hanged hands since my last report at satisactory prices. Turnouts, of which there ere a great many forward, moved off freely. sold a nice lot of nuggetv pack horses for r. Arthur at prices ranging from £10 10s <J £15 10s. Active draught horses reached and a team of five draught horses, aggon, and harness £135 ; buggy horses up o £19. Camels were bought freely ; Indianred realising from £23 to £38: South Ausralian from £45 to £63; market firm. A risk business was done in tip and block rays at from £12 ids to £16. g m t h H M c r h Captain Begelhole sayB that when the Empress mine starts crushing, another aur- ^ prise will be forthcoming for the people of " this field. Tindal's engine should arrive within a week or so. Then the neighbourhood of this mine and the Empress will present a 6cene of animation. The most energetically worked mines on the field are those comprising the Boulder group at Hannan's. Messrs. Lane and Begelhole offered, before the news t>f the Londonderry relapse was abroad, to bet any part of £1000 that the first 2000 tons put through at the Great Boulder would return a higher yield of gold than a similar quantity of stone would give from the Lendonderrv mine. There were no takers then. They would be deucedly hard to find now. Mr. Stewart, a mining expert and speculator ef good repute, left town this morning with Messrs. .Shanahan and Adams, to inspect the Morning Star and Sudden Norseman leases, on the Norseman line of reef, with a view to their purchase. Mr. Shanahan, who is an old prospector of the locality, will also show Mr. Stewart other likely properties in the locality, 60 there is every chance of more money being invested in this excellent line of country. We understand that a well-known mining captain, who has returned after conquering half the world, is about to proceed by law for a restitution of interests which he formerly held in a mining lease. The lease in question has been floated into a company, and the gallant captain, who did not think it good enough to keep up his contributory subscriptions to the working of the lease for the past 15 months, is now solicitous to enjoy the fruits of his former partner's expense and trouble, having demanded a large Bhare of the money which waa received by the vendors on the flotationof the propertv. If the case goes into court, it is expected "that some dirty linen will be washed. Four miles south of the town on the Londonderry road, are situated the Taurilla and Glenloth leases. Both, we believe, are under the same management, and have the same reef through their ground. The reef has been opened to a depth of 50 feet, and earries veiy good gold the whole way. Assays as "high as 87 onnces to the ton have been got from some of the quartz, but a general sample of the> stone was tried on Saturday. Captain Begelhole selected the sample so a* to be assured of an average test, and the quantity taken was a short two tons, about 4,0001bs. The result of the crushing was a retorted button of gold, 4ozs. idwts. 17grs. in weight, which, as the reef is a 2-foot one and well defined, ought to be considered very satisfactory, What with the Burbank's crushing and other evidences such as the above, the reefs south of the town are going to give such a fillip to mining, that the Londondeiry will only exist as a nightmare of the past. A meeting of those interested in the formation of a football club was held at Elliott's Hotel on Saturday night. The business was merely preliminary. It was decided to call the club the Rovers, and the names of many gentlemen were proposed as vice-presidents. Mr. T. Colreavy, thehon. sec., was instructed to write to these gentlemen asking their consent to fill the position, and a meeting will be held next Saturday night to fully form the club and its list of officers. Meanwhile practice will be indulged in daily on the reserve ground. Mr. Howard, the originator of the Stragglers, and one of the oiganisers of the Coolgardie Cricketing Association, is about to take up his residence at Londonderry township, where he is going into a hotel business. His bonhomie will be much appreciated at our Southern township, and the curly ones he will serve up to the visitors will be a reminder of the manner in which he can occasionally drop a hot one on to the wicket. Cricket is bound to boom wherever he goes. The rate of haulage on the Cross road has a tendency to rise. £20 a ton now. Yet the teamster's plaintive cry is, "There's nothing in it." We remember them saying the same thing when earriage was £10 and £50 a ton. People are making inquiries about the sports that were expected to be held in Coolgardie on Queen's Birthdaj'. We have no idea what has become of the sports committee, and it seems quite probable there will be no athletic meeting on the 24th. There is a subject under contemplation to organise Sunday evening concerts, to be held at the Theatre Royal. They ought to be successful, as a large number of our population do not conform to or attend religious services ; and at present their only Sunday recreation is a promenade in the dustladen atmosphere of Bayley-street. A meeting was held at Reynolds' Hotel on Saturday night to establish a fourth cricket club. Mr. R. H. Henning was the moving spirit, and the result of his efforts was that a club was formed, under the style and title of the Zingaree. They will don the original Zingaree colore. Lord Fingall, the precipitate harbinger of cut-out shoots of gold, left town on Saturday for Perth. It is said that he will return in a few weeks. A meeting of the Coolgardie Club was held on Saturday evening at the Stoek Ex- • change, at which the possibility of securinosuitable premises was again discussed. The meeting was adjourned to Saturday next the 27th inst., when the committee hope to have a definite scheme to lay before the members. At Sherlaw's, or as it was formerly called, the Perseverance, operations upon the reef have been relinquished to sink a shaft for getting water. The present depth of the shaft is 108 feet, and quartz leaders string throughout the formation. Our usual escort left on Friday for the Cross, taking with them besides gold from the banks, the Hands Across the Sea specimens of golden stone. Where will the wealth of this district stop? Good opal at Mount Bnrges in the Gem workings. A rightly- namedproperty ! Over two ounces to the ton from the Yancania, seven tons being treated for 15ozs. 8 dwts. Not up to expectations 1 Nonsense J first-class return. Westralia specimens to go to London to assist the floatationof the property. Another treat for the sight-seeing Cockneys, and objects of envy to the green skinned South Africans. The highly favoraqle crushing made by a pall over the Londonderry township. Ihe Rev. E. M. Collickleft town on Saturday for a trip to Hannan's and the neighborhood to look up some of his'scattered flock. It's about time our genial young parson was (provided with a bicycle. Such a "soul-saving hack " would do much in propagating the tracts of his church on this scattered field. King Leather at Mt. Burges, where the boys are hungering for the blood of the Coolgardieites to the tune of "On the BalL" Mr. J. Ivory's lease of the Theatre Royal nst turn out a profitably one, for it loofasas hough a big demand will be made on the all during the coming winter. MT. "Phil Ives, the popular registrar at annan's, arrived by last evening's coack. r. Ives has nearly recovered from his acident, but still walks a bit lame. Ha will eturn to Hannah's on Tuesday to resume is duties. 