JOHN ARCHLEY'S HOUSEHOLD. . . Alt-Rights Reserved; AN AUSTRALIAN STORY, BY RUTH E. RUDDER. Now First Published. Chapter-X ( continued ). "My dear girl," pleaded Christie to Coralie, when thegirl liad. given .the, half- promise— he. spoke in tories that cpriveyed a slight reproof, ' what help can April bring you ? I've waited a long time, Corrie, so why put me off for a few days more r Coralie whitened and began to trem ble. " There is something that I must tell you,".8he said, painedly, " and, perhaps, when you know it, I will be altered in youreyes." The man began to be a little impatient as he replied. " Indeed, Corrie, I'm afraid . you are;, making' a bqgbear out: of a very i .simple .matter. r I/think. I know the whole of your, trouble. "My dear girl, I never expected that you would have only a blank , page to show me. Such . things are com- Liribnt to us all. Nearly every man or woman has a. first, or fancied firet, love, and it's not .till, they have tried: tlie real gold that tliey can see the dross of the other. .1 : mean no hardness, dear one. I a in not evep jealpus, as I kno\y Wjliat -'suc)i fhings- .are worth. So let lis count- this explana tion as .unnecessary, seeing that ( know the bulk of flje matter.. Let it pass like an rigly /8hjSLdo\y :and. say. i' yes 'j to me now." " But I cannot," she cried, turning away., " Oh ! ; Christie, do (believe tne." . "I will always, do, that, child, and! will be riiost patient ; 'but, Coralie, pleasei try and tell me when April is here." And; she promised eagerly. Chapter XI. The first of April had cbme.with a, grey 1 sunless sky, promising rain. Tlie day would briug two things to pass. Alfred vyould be jhome by midday, and there would be a party in the house that night. ...Coralie had risen early, had laid her own affairs aside, und- resolutely set her shoulders: to: the wheel of household duties. And yet — in a few hours she would see Alfred. She tried; to -shut 'the thought from her mind .and drown it in; the -- hurry -and press of work, but as the time drew Snear the ten sion became painful. It was in vain that . she reminded herself of their altered posi- tioris. Nature was too strong ;' she be came; nervous- and agitated, arid ! started alj- the. least! noise. Her father ; and uncle had gpne f or. ar ride, round the paddocks ; , her mother had : driven into the village with Will, intending to return to dinner ; Christie and the other, had brought in a- mass of ' ferns and sprays, and were now decorating the' dancing-ioom and verandah. Atdast, in a state of strained excitement, she hafl gone upstairs ta her room', osten sibly to arrange her dress for the- night. 'Her face. was/white, her heartbeat hard ; every pin' pricked, everj, threiid broke. She was roused- by hearing a stealthy call from Joe. " Cliristio, Val, look out, he's coming." She drew, aside the curtain in Wonder ment, and ; beheld Dane! riding , Talisman at a sharp canter down the road. She thrilled at sight of him . He drew rein at' the gate, and Christie and the boys flocked out to'meet liiui. It struck her. that; 'there was- something un usual j.in the clamor. : She , threw j up the sash and leant out. They - were, talking eagerly as they, pressed about the big, restless horse. She saw Danel; witli a white, scared face, take something: that: appeared to be a letter from Christie's hand. She could see him making inquiries in a sharp, fierce man- : ner, but could not distinguish a word. She listened, half frightened, to the jum bled reply of the four voices. She rose, determined to run down and find but what all this meant, when, to her astonishment, Alfred wheeled, his excited horse out of the (gate, and, giving him spur and rein, dashed .away at a hard gal jop. : Christie ; shouted as if to detain him, but was unheard. The four stood still till the man was out of sight, when they turned, looked at each other, and simultaneously burstihto a roar of - laughter. Coralie fan down in haste, aud found them reefing and rolling about; .Valentine clinging, helplessly to the igatc- post, and Joe, sprawling on his back in the: grass. "What has happened?" she asked, quickly. 1 "Why did -Alfred go away like that?. Cannot one of you .speak ? ' Another, prolonged roar of laughter. "Oh !. goodness, "-gasped Dick, VI shall die. Did you ever see a fellow look like it before ? " "No, indeed," Val replied, vainly trying to -steady himself. " Oh ! the Way he shot off. By Jove, the colt's wind will be broken. . Oh ! merciful stars. Boys, stop, this'U be the death: of /me." . The girl ..turned indignantly to her cousin. "What have you all done ? " she said. I know it is something wrong. What made him go a Way without coining into the house ? " .-Christie's laughter subsided. "My good little girl," he said, patting her. hand, f don't y 0.11 know that: this is . the first of April, AU Fools'. day?" She broke from liiui- m . dismay.;" Chris tie," she cried, in pained i alariri, " surely you- haveri't played a trick?'; Oh ! iiovv could you do it?" \ ! ;".It's -nothing, it's nothing'" Christie hastily assured her. He'J! be/back in half :an hour. He- won't - comei. -to ..-hariri,. only;, liave a good gallop on a ., good/horse. : Of course, he'll be in a fine scot, but that will cool. So don't . be alarmed,, little woman." ' 6li'e allowed her cousin to persuade her that all was right. All the. same her sus picions were excited, and she "kept Both ; eye and -ear on; the alert. Later on; while i setting the midday- meal, she overheard fragments of a conversation between the culprits. ; "" I say, though," it vvas Dick who.; spoke, " Won't he-.be iu a wax Avhen' hb Jfinds . it is all a? lioax. 1 I'll- take care .to keep; out of liis track all day." There was a low and general cachina-. tion. " A toimado;:will._be!:nqthing to it,"; put, in J oe. " .You're .laughing,' Chijis., but I tell you ;lie'd 1c nock the, heads -of any t wo; of us together before you could say ' Jack: Robinson.' " " That 'might apply to you,", came frigidly froiri Aal, "-!.- expect/ that I- can defend myself. I intend to try." ": "Big talk, my boy, big talk," Joe re-' turned, " but take my - advice :and keep to 3our general, practice of -warinessi :A'L would tan a couple of you, one after tlfe"' other." This slight disparagement, roused Val's injured ; vanity,: and (tlie talk turnej upon the personal strength of those present. Tha listener resumed her work. The half-hour harl becoine an hour, and still there was nb.i sigff of Alfred j Mrs. Arehley, who .returned just, ahead ,of the/ raid ; that had ' thfe&bhod; all' the morning," : . had become irritable," venting her mood on the deserving and undeserving alike. The horse must have fallen. The river might ,be/high. All .mauuer .of evil was antici- pated and described. How could the young irien have been "so thoughtless, or Cor.ilie so silly, as to allow Alfred to go away ? . On Coralie's part all endeavors to explairi were useless. : The evening came and the largest room was stripped for dancing. Mr. Arcliley went about the house fidgety and anrioyed at ..the., half-truths the boys told him. They, the. boys, began to stand about in Bullen gronps, full of anxious surmises as to what had become of their " April fool." Despite the rain tlie invited guests eaiue in, -goodly, numbers. With her usual aud'atdous ease, Lily Carnegie (who was among the first to arri ve)ascended the throne of social supremacy. She arranged herself with regal composure in an easy chair, from which she ruled the field. ; Did she wish to hear some particular person sing, lie or she sang. To play, the, piano jing led. . -Wheu: risked to: sing herself :she declined, declaring that was totally unac complished. Her brother Cyril .was in veighing against her to Mr, ArcHley, " She thinks, we ought to be content witli look ing at her, but I think she should ha'rij studied music on our account. She has a piano, but it's only when visitors honor us that it -is touched." Alfred Danel's absence annoyed the lady greatly. Christie felt a pang of jealousy on. liearing her express her vexation. "He is quite needful for my "pleasure," she told him. Dancing arid music partially banished -the cloud from .the brains of three of the , -young JArchley's. : -.Christie, however,. had no heart to be merry. His eyes were con stantly seeking tlie door, and occasionally he went out and listened through the rain. Coralie shared his anxiety — neitjher the music or the company contained any enjoyment for her. The girl wasj talking . with her old uncle, Charles Witherington, lin an undertone, while Jessie Forde -accompanied Val -in " Flow on, thou Shin- ang River." Tne old man ;was, gently . expressing, his . sorrow at . not seeing, her music-pupil and hearing: that, sweet duet again. " I have a. sensitive ear, my love," he was saying. "Studied harmony is, of courrie, beautiful, hut give trie the, natural thing — siich as you young people glad dened my old ears with." A quick heavy step on the verandah interrupted, the - conversation, j Coralie glanced rouud hastily and slipped from the room. By an entrance door. she came face to face with Alfred. He started violently at the sight of her, and the! two! looked into each other's face in mutual astonish ment. For a moment the mian stdod dike a person overwhelmed by a rush of thought or a discovery. Tlieri, without a word, he strode past ,tlie woman! to the door of the glowing, parlor, and, entering, stood facing the com pany.- Miss Carnegie .u.ttered a faint screain, and rose from her chair. Everyone else stared in blank amazement.' The tall man standing there, halless, his face dark with rage, with fierce eyes that, sought put the horrified- Christie, was a fsight calculated to. frighten.'" He raised a clenched hand and made as though he. -would, have stridden forward. Sud denly1 lie; turned on his heel arid dis appeared. There was a moment of silence in the parlor, then an unexpected burst of laugh ter from Collins Ogil vie. " An April fool, good.,". he shouted, and such was the infec tion of his merriment that nearly the whole roomful followed suit. Laughter shook the walls of the house' till ii frigh tened the very bats. Ere it had subsided Wyllan had followed Danel. Come Into, the ;kitehen," Wyllan in sisted, with a; hand on Danel's shoulder. " Where have. you been ? You look like a ghost. Why, you're all in a soak." Before Alfred could answer Mrs. Arch- ley entered, and the air was filled With fuss and inquiries. " Where have you been ? " she cried, shaking her hands r despairingly. You're soaking and covered with inud. Willie, go and fetch the spirit jug. Alfred, , how could you ? I declared I nearly went ' into a fit. Nerves — men know nothing about nerves, nothing." Wyllari retuiried with tlie spirit jug arid procured a glass. Danel took the jug im patiently, poured out /nigli three parts of a tumbler full of liquor, and shallowed it at a draught. ; Mrs. Arcliley looked; on in alarm. Al ways. afraid of Danel's temper, she be came powerless to make as much as a suggestion. Thankful that her duties as hostess afforded an excuse; she abruptly left the room. . The moment she was gone: Danel turned to Wyllan. " Come here," he demanded. Wyllan obeyed. " What share have you had in this game ? " " I know nothing about it." . ." I thought riot. . No, Will, never iriind what the game has been — it's some one ftlse who has to mind that W.l-mf- a rex itaii I — . .. ' -r — —v. . M.uuv u< v rv/u after?" ! " 1,11 get jrou a bite to eat- every.body else is 'dazed." "Don't, thanks, I'tri not hungry. ; Come and help me get rid: of these wet things!" Some ten minutes later -Danel., entered the dancing, rooms, as sets were forming fpr a quadrille. John Archley weicomed his " big boy " with fatherly kindness. Wyllan's: brothers! were silent, arid (sheep ish; but they, and Christie, Danel utterly ignored. . Miss Carnegie declared to -Ogil vie senior that Danel's arrival had rendered , the rest of the ypupg men insipid.. He played much and splendidly, but wo.uld not sing. At lastl pleading ignorance of the step as an excuse for riot waltzing, lie selected an easy chair beside Miss Carnegie, and sprawled therein at his easfe, dismissing with a.. commanding glance a train of that lady's admirers. In a sepjuded corner, furnished with a little, table, Wyllan was playing a game of draughts with his cousin Alicia. He itched to quit her side, but the bent-nosed, tight-lipped young lad' held her victim fast. Suddenly they heard the opening .chords of " Les Couriers " struck in Danel's strong, scholarly style, and Will nnpulsively sprang, to his: feet. \- Yon rude bo'," gasped his indignant partner, " without an apology. And you are on my skirt, if you please." Wyllan stumbled aside. " I'm sorry," lie" said, a little awkwardly, " but you can't expect me to stick to these draughts with Alf playing like that. Why, your eldest "sister is drying already, dead in love with the player. But she should refrain from- tears, they do not become her." , Another., set of quadrilles was in course of formation; Lily, deeply /engrossed in a talk with Danel,' was annoyed by the in trusion of Charlie Forde. "May I have. the pleasure ? " he begged, proffering. his arm. " Don't woriy, Charlie," the privileged; b.-auty replied. "I'm enjoying myself.!! -, Charlie was deeply mortified. _ Hitherto ' he had flattered: himself that the- lad' was -impressed virith liiui. Danel sympathised'. with his discomfiture. "Miss Carnegie has promised this dance to me," he said, kiridly. He rbse arid, with tlie lady on his arm, strolled through and took his place. Their vis-a-vis were'Christie and Coralie. ; .Christie, detesed that dance. ;.,It availed h.ira nothing that the floor was perfect and tlie thusic capital. There was anger and purpose in the face before him. Alfred danced... as' he did all other things. He forgot all the figures, and- bri correction, overdid them. He almost forgot himself whenever the movements brought -him near Coralie. In secret he hated the daiice, hated Christie, arid ached for an opportunity to take, his revenge on Ill's ioe. Oh! for solitude- solitude where lie might, raye or curse, or, ait learit, iveair :out or beat/doin the devil within him. To be Continued. 