AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB AUTUMN MEETING. NOTES ON THE RACING. BR RIBBLEDEN. Good Friday promised anything but well for the opening of the Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting. Besides a strong southerly gale heavy rain fell at intervals, and racine men especially were much exercised in their minds as to what the morrow waa likely to bring forth. Mr. Russell and Mr.Wragge offered their predictions v "but, tipster-like thev differed in their opinions. Mr. Russell's finger pointed to " fine," which was consoling; but Mr. Wragge Bftid "wet." which was irritating. As the day turned out a mixture of sunshine and shower, with the accompaniment of a blustering cold wind, the weatherwise had ample grounds for satisfaction. But the visitors to Randwick hardly appreciated it. The wind was especially disagreeable, as it blew the rain into the etandB, which, how ever, were mainly " full of emptiness." Mr. Clibborn, who is gradually regaining his health again, set the attendance down as 9,000, and Beemed satisfied with the figures; but to me the crowd was disappointing.' Bookmakers were strongly in evidence, the -.Mock literally swarmed with thein, but <? ? throughout the day was very dull, vim. r. difficulty in "holding t'. . . 1 . i--r 'Mii.ni vnciller suggested " . il -J!<i pi»> the Dead March 1 *;! ...( '.!>..j.:to the occasion. : if '.'.'M ' . ? u. : i asiness very bad. ' . ' ? ^ " '?i}' scarce, and the .?? ? .'i . . t " -vrt ti-j rails" bad little or noil.;. .. . > . >. Victoria was wel! presented in the en closure. Among the company I noticed Sir George Baillie, Mr. Archie Yuille, Mr. W. R. Wilson, Mr. F. F. Dakin, Mr. Alei. M'Cracken, Mr. J. C. Pigdon, Mr. C. M. Lloyd, Mr. W. Leonard, Mr. J. C. Bowden, Mr. F. H. Forrest, Mr. F. W. Prell, Mr. R. Gibson, Mr. S. G. Cook, Mr. H. Goddard, Mr. R. Briglit, Mr. F. W. Porches, Mr. D. Elder, Mr. C. L. Macdonald, and one or two others whose names I for the moment forget. Randwick has rarely been seen to greater ad vantage, but the construction of a pony course at Kensington, with the fences and what not obtruding the view, has not enhanced its charms. The rain did not seem to have affected the course at all- it is so absorbent-and the going waa excellent Mr. Clibborn, with the assistance of Mr. Tom Evans, Mr. James Perry, and "Johnny," got through the duties apper taining to his office with oredit, and the arrangements worked well and without friction. The presence of the Victorian horses lent additional interest to the meet ing, and capital sport was provided. In backing Kangaroo II. for the First Hurdle Race the Victorians hoped to make a good 'beginning, but they were doomed to disappointment As Kangaroo II. won a hurdle race at Flemineton on the occasion of the farewell meeting to Lord Hopetonn, he was leniently treated at 9st. 31b., and Mr. Wilkinson was fain to admit that he had made a mistake in the horse's weight; but his failure showed that he was not as well in as was generally imagined. That Kangaroo II. is many re moves from a good horse appears certain. He could never really go the pace. The winner, Rosestem, is by Zetland (sire of Willeroo), and is owned by Mr. H. Chisholm, whose colours are oftener seen at picnic race meet ings than at Randwick. Rosestem lias won several amateur races, but had never pre viously run in a hurdle race. Mr. Cliisliolra, I am told, has been trying to win the Tirrana Cup, an amateur race, for more than 20 years, and has even bought horses as yearlings with that object, but so far his efforts have not been crowned with success. I wish him better lack. Unlike Mr. Cnpps, Mr. Chisholm thought hiB horse rather badly treated, and offered to sell him for £50 not Ion* before the race. Barney, who carne the veteran Mr. Tom Ivory's colours, fell at thefirst obstacle, and hobbled back to the padrtook veiy lame, and the much-talke ? about Menangle turned turtle half a mi e from borne, so that there was no opportunity of gauging his merits. Dart, a horse from New Zealand, ran well throughout, and i evidently a useful sort of horse. The Harvester's victory in the Autumn Stakes was only achieved after a desperate straggle with the little-thought-of Newman, who surprised everybody by his gallant fight. I It reminded me of the race he ran in the I Melbourne Stakes won by Loyalty. The j first part of the race was slow, and that pro bably accounted for the position of Newman, w ho, apart from Jbia brilliant pace, wasperhaps the finest horse on the course. Just before enter the straight The Harvester eeempd to be in difficulties, and was disappointed in frying to pet through, but when he did get through he galloped with the determination of a racehorse, and won a brilliant race. With his staring coat Havoc did not look well, but hp was better than he looked; and iilarnryttone ran well enough to suggest that he will be dangerous in 4he near future. In a slow run race, such as this H°va ought to have been nearer the winner, but as a matter of fact he was never prominent at any part of the race. The 'Two- yrar-old Maiden Stakes proved a good thing for Valiant, owned by Mr. Jams® . Monnghan, who fot him as a present from iiis breeder, Mr. H. C. White, {of JJavil&b.; Valiant is by Antieui jftom Via, by Jtoodee fropa Victress, of Yeiverton from' Valuta, and is almost a« hand8otne«aa hlasJre,who is by the ex patriated SirNodted. Slumber was &«««» by Mr. W. R. Wilson, and abe W wdh8* did Vivian; but neither bad tbe ghost s « [chant* with jTaliaob Artwnomer. an | aristooiratioally-bred youotfrttt, Jv Caitor iirom f^iiltr, ihe dam of Wmaoa, ^al^S Ac., was among wpnwi, and w$> he promises to turn out a worthy repreinta U TCh°ef Don^eri'landicap was not Jvery interesting race, because Delaware practimly S a.. hi3 ,.)t. R"arP Mr. Tom Lamond had his fcorse £ fine fettle, and Mr. Walter Half was naturally very Phased at. the Mr. Sis asporlsman of the good old stamp. He has dabbled in turf muttersJoc and " ' if I mistake not, he had a horse run Jr.ne'in the first A.J.C. Derby in 16<5o, won ? Clove . but few important events have fallen to his lot. By Trenton from Genesta (full sister to Richmond, Bosworth, &c.J;, Delaware is a grandly-bred horse, and Mr. Hall would eladly give another 400 guineas for his fellow. Delaware was highly fancied, and was a bad horse for the ring, out of which Mr. Hall hiffiplf-took over £2,000. Tiwoonn, who tipd wg^he\best<>f luck in the race, riSfl^ creditably, -dnd Vanilas, whose piioe . has> probably, .been impaired l,y his haviftg been trained of. . cr courses. vtiS by no means disgraced. V, i. ;/ii a!io ran well, aud will be heard o ! >-;>? : j,n,l in the early part of the racc i.-,-. '> showed a dash of his old pace; Hi' V' lace was bumped soon after ? > *tv.» mid never had a fair chance. Ialc u<\d not ran up to expectations, but Th« was pretty forward, and I feel sur th;U -Mr Cook will yet win another good ract wiih th» veteran. Alameda fell at the home jri an 1 I njured her shoulder, but, fortunately, t.'ie Si, ; Albans jockry, F. Jafties, who was rifling the j colt, escaped unhurt. The Btart, ! slioa!-/ not omit to mention, was sitnpl.v tion. The most curious thing about the St. J.C£ was the long price offered about C'bi'it Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Leonard, who were pn pared to take a short price about their rcprt. sensitive, were agreeably surprised to lu w oft'era of 3 to 1, which they accepted wit), avidity, bat they had no sooner awjAed it than Cobbity receded to 4 to L I:i fact, ii. some places it was possible to get £ to 1-rq ( absurdly long price. I have no hesitation in 8>.ying that if the race had bee a run at Fiemington that Cobbity's admirewould have tumbled over one another tooi ttin ^ v. 4\. How to account for the good pric-c . btr.i' i able I do not know. Perhaps it is thai ir. :.h multitude of bookmakera there is lii?< r;iiit\, The touts at Rand wick did not like bit;, as he had invariably shaped bad!; ;.: lii v morning studies, but he always worl:ol it heavy bar-shoes, which were used to p~ . his siielly feet. But how did he v :n! M; Wilson thought be had a good chance ? : Bradford, who has greatly improv. Mr. J. B. Clark had a fondness for v. n. :t-.-r man, but for what chance they ; id of| beating Cobbity they might juBt fit- well; have remained in thetr stables. Jir. " thought that if Nobleman m-de U;< running Cobbity might find the hot, but the colt came through thejor .'.**.> < with! flying colours, and the time, Smin. 1 ! the fastest ever recorded for the rtf-v- *i M- \ cates that there 'could have been n- lagging ! by the way. Mr. W. A. Long had a turn in | the|Uigh-\Veight Handicap withLitt - j who, although small, possesses the "i i galloping in no ordinary degree, as h<-r j opponents discovered when they haa c ;!.c half way. By Trenton from Dam. by Hermit, reads like a galloping . o K^ret', and properly placed Mr. Long will win ;nany racc-s with the little one. Easter Monday-the second day <>:" the meeting-was almost a repetition «>f Satur day, raining, but not so bluaterv. inter spersed with rays of sunshine. But, r.oi with standing the adverse meteorological cor. 'u tions, there was a material improvement in the attendance, which numbered quite 15,000. The company included His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor (Sir Frederick Darley), who was attended by the Government-home retinae, and many representative racing men, Victorians figuring prominently in the throng. The course was rather soft in places, as the bespattered jwho rode in the fiday wore on the going improved, and som^&ood; racing was witnfctfefl. ^TTiwoon^'a Jortraret posi tion in the -pdnca'atar li-HkAdicap caused her to be Highly -fancied tor thjMnyjps Han dicap, but ehe. w'os nwfir reany dangerous, and after the &mUance;~£f"~& race with Malachite, who ran a good colt considering that he had been eased in his work for nearly a week, Solanum placed the price to the credit of Mr. Ozenham, who took £1,000 to £100 for himself and his friends. Solanum has run very consistently, and the leviathan's success was well deserved. Vivian, a half wother by Abercorn to the flying Volley, ai ed to stay in the Maiden Stakes, and was easily beaten by Boko, but when thoroughly easoned I expect to see Vivian win n race or o for Mr. S. Hordern, whose enterprise menta better luck than it has ye'fc met with, oti-u18-ft one'ej c<* horse, hence his name, siJV m 'an8aa<5e tte aborigines, gmfies a Cyclops. The winner was bred by DR«. WniCr' aKent,eman w'l° «w»s ttnder the sli!", ,nnme of Mr" Western, and Is by in Jewe'' amftre that was once Momtr f ^i an^ atud| where ®he produced rok to The Drummer. Mr. White made wi lf,ter"a Preacrifcof Bote's dam. Boko C»« °1 oJi * i0dt" "°m MVi.iL^l0" eleoted to be represented my oDinion 1? phampagne Stakes, and in Gouoh ^ ou8ht to have won, but cutting Z fcw mistekes, tried Ray who »tMf fr0m Bob of^#^ttheOar. Mr. ii c P084- BoVft^ was bred by Dan'rvn^L ^ WWi^heap yearling, Mr acquit himspif i « u Bob Buy would imagined that thei bebn8t,ed <»ff handling I f^ Bure kat wSl"10^ °l0,i8 be no doabang Bob RAy-B liifl. wiUl ordinary Jock he will do Mr. 0 linen good service. Bob Ray is bv Welcome Jack {son of Traducer) from Gage f^r°af sy Granfmaster from Keepsake (dam of Somerset), by Stockowner from i,Crmo^ by The F1>'inK Dutchman. The Sydney Cup produced a very interest °n?,tiffie [t WRs possible to get tLVi^r f f Z* flfltterin6 testimonial to the abilities of Mr. Frank Wilkinson, who was warmly congratulated upon the result, which joine as a surprise to the majority of backers. Quiver appeared to have the race at her mercy a few strides from the post, bat tfroness finished full of running and won by half a neck, Cobbity, who was in the extreme rear for the greater part of the journey, being only half a length behind. Quiver and Patroness had done their work f Long'8 private WntaJ fT l ^ ?hippmK Norton,amfQuiver, lam told, had invariably Bhown her superiority. ° doubt, f big rovp vm ; h'U,v,!r\ luI i: 'r T -r- c.ionj m rreach^.'l ? .'1 r Lo, , io)J e,-Pvj tll.x .« .wi .'.> -snvo.vJp, ,,, j».,(ron#»«.. .'ili- l'VtTV .HI : f,n(. 6(ti, . : «.; Ki-J iaa1 i,e ^ ,v, i| VJ}.. at I > . is j w \ a".} j,> i \0 ' ' .' iais imd |u rf;. Fstionft-s. js :v {-,}) ?? - ?h- H- b ,v twitto n, iYi-ron cr. i | '.». by * .ra i i i-',ai\ewt tr>n. i -a, on< v{ i I'". 8:>vc#tkl l,ri.-'.v» niA,-« in t'-e :Lr,i' UVl)!e <,}"?, ' ! "CI ' !T I I;,.'' «.« 1 Ji^fcteun ii, WftS i.-jt ftloct m his priory. :. . vvinriw ;s a very useful horse by Sir rer. brother Idafium, who >e in Mr. Ji.iecir.'f => ; in An.i-rica. Highborn H. liaj n>".f, i viouaiy t&ckhd; the big timber, buf he iun.m-i like *i veteran. l"p to the last fence i\iri looked like mukinp :i raoo of ir. but the obstacle proved tutni to his ciianus. The last jnirpi'at on" h uoarly as fnr from the winuing- pc*: tiie last jump at Flein^ton, and vi-hy the club t,ontiiiUM to the an>isi.:":j-paling fence in the h.S is iri.'iL . !i-n must pc-cp?t' t^a uudcnuuid. It is not only unnecessary-it is a man-trap. Meleraa was sorted out as a real good thing for the First Nursery Handicap, and at 7at 8lb. Mr. Fonlshatn's filly looked remarkably well treated; .but Bbe had to strike her colours to True Blue, who, if I mistake not> is a clinker. Trae Blue is a New Zealand bred horse by Hotchkiss, from Rose of Wellington, and belongs to Mr. A. Hooke, jun. (the owner of Jeweller), who bought him as a yearling for 310 guineas. Hotchkiss ia by Mnsket He was a tremendous year ling, and, if I remember rightly, never ran in public. Hr. Hooke was not present to Bee True Blue win, and, as a matter of fact, the colt was not much fancied. After the race Huxley, who had the mount on £illie> crankie, complained ot Stevenson {Melema's jockey), for foul riding, but the stewards found the charge nnsustained, and dismissed the complaint. The thin! day of the meeting was favoured with beautiful weather, and good sport was provided, bat the pleasures of the day were to a certain extent marred by accidents to jockeys, llosestem ought to have won the Second Hurdle Race for his new owner, Mr, J. V. Clark, but had bad luck to fall at the last fump, when all his opponents were in trouble, and Cadet carried off the prize. Cadet's sire, Recruit, is by tfaribyrnong from Crucifix, the dam of Moselle, who won die A.J.C. St. Leger for Mr. W. Forrester 25 years ago. . Faux Pas, Kangaroo It., and Klimany all met with mishaps, and J. Cripps, Jan., who was riding Kangaroo II., was so badly injured that it was deemed advisable to take him to St, Vincent's Hospital, where, besides suffering from concussion of the brain, it was discovered that he bad frac tured his collar-bone. The poor fellow is 8till unconscious, but the doctors think he will pull through.. Georgia's success in the ? All-aged Stakes^wss a neat surprise; The iijlf had* been 8ufferihgrartii dental troubles, and was not fancied by the stable. 'Wallace hin a good colt, bat Hovi buzig oil tall tlip way, and evidently'does hot' like galloning fieb^hand.. .Mr. Alsopt^a^fo In Sundial,'Who )iW fi^eutlyii«ea^^}kQd of at likely to. dp 6 jgopd thing. Notwith' standing ih^ir many reveises, the Victorians gallantly stood byChallenger for the Biennial Stakes, but be tan difi^«lhgly, ?went down More MeIema, who on prev^oW form had no pretensions to beat him. Boy Kay was in Buperb condition, and Mr. Dan O'Brien probably owns in him the best two-year-old of the season. A better galloper is seldom met with. The St. Albans stable experienced a turn of luck in the Cumberland Stakes with Havoc, but it was wholly un expected, as Mr. 'Wilson favoured Cobbity, and allowed his own horse to run unbacked. The meeting of Cobbity and The Harvester for the first time was an event of interest, as it has been a generally nocepted notion that taking the line through Malachite, Cobbitty would have beaten The Harvester in the Victoria Derby had he not gone amiss at the last moment. Unfor tunately, the race was not truly run, and was probably not a correct index of the horses' merits. The Burprise of the race was the rannir.g of Burton, who has never been recognised as the possessor of weight for-nge qualifications, and his forward pf>°i';on seems to lend colour to the 1":on that the race was falsely i ! n:i< Vhe finish for the City Handicap was a ii'iii i . in the cap of the new handicapper.Mr. | iVilkii! on, Ialanthus, Vanitas, and Noble n:a!i !* «ing the winning-post all of a heap, j as just got the better of the consistent I tiut u lucky Vanitas in the last stride or two, (>Ui.V. a very different race from what he did it. '?)Sydney Cup, in which he was beaten , off. ui that, of course, could not have ' ": . -oniii true form. An accident happened ;rrv f- rlongs from home, and four horses, Iv imiral (Jas. CJough), Euroka (J. P. /-!,<): Tridentate (J. Cooney),'and Donation T iey) fell. Tierney and llundy escaped ,.t>r but Gough was cut about the head ii ' .. and Cooney received Bimilar in r, T-. lections >af-oie.-fourth,'flay of the utumi^ifcjfeiUigarras follows fefiup' HANDICAP. r \ * V.'. ' **"' 2 r ' i-OKEN^ - ... 3/ HANDICAP. CNALF 1 tTON 2 ADFORD 3 SECOND STEEPLECHASE. i ^ARIO 1 HBOBN It a l'KRBURY 3 SECOND NURSERY HANDICAP. ! RAY 1 " . TE BLUE 2 j;IN BOY 3 A.J.C. PLATE. J ;.BITY 1 'm;.: HARVESTER 2 vjoc 3 FINAL HANDICAP. h vl',AWARE 1 JU'NGEBAH 2 'MVE 3 