Kingswood Chace,. Now Erle.urged his steed, for yet at his elbow, shouting, and lashing the animal be bestrode madly, came Philip Avon. Erie's. horst answered the call, and pressed forward at a pace swifter than befo;re. Now rose up before them a long, stone, ancient wall, crumbling to ruins, part of the boundary-wall of the old castle grounds. It was topped with ivy, and was a startling height to get over. But Maud's horse went at it, displaced a stone or two, but alighted on its feet on the other side, and dashed on again. With a sharp prick with the spurs, and Erie's horse cleared it like a deer. On he went in pursuit, now pressing his horse more than ever,,for before him he saw a neigh bouring.quarry, and that this chasm, which was.evidently the part of the hill to which Lady Maud's horse was making, was some twenty or thirty feet deep. If he could not succeed in stopping it before it reached this terrible spot, he shuddered to think what the consequences must be. Now he plied whip, spur, and voice; his horse did its utmost, but Lady Maud's steed, maddened by the attempts to overtake it, made tremendous efforts to continue its career, and contrived to reach the fearful gap before Erie could come up with it. With a mad snort the affrightened beast saw its own danger, and made a terific, convulsive plunge over the abyss, and barely cleared it. Over with it, at .a splendid bound, with eyes starting, ears erect, came Erie's horse. The youth, with teeth set and leaping heart, as he saw that to check Maud's horse was at that frightiul moment, impossible, dared all. He called with a ringing voice upon his gallant steed, and nobly it answered him. The two horses.leaped at the moment. The next instant Erie had the bridle of Maud's horse in his hand, and drew it to his own, which he sharply pulled up. Erie sprung from the back of his. foaming steed, and lifted Lady Maud from' her saddle which she yet clutched, in a state of semi insensibility, and placed her uninjured upon the turf. She instinctively flung her arms upon his shoulders, and burst into a very passion of tears. She tried to.speak twice or thrice, but her quivering lips prevented a word. She could only cling to him and sob hysterically, and she trembled and looked like an aspen. Then he prevailed on her to be seated upon the mossy turf and knelt by her side. She sat there with her arms yet clinging round him, and her pallid face still resting half hidden on his bosom, so that her ear could catch the hurried beating of his young proud heart. So he had saved her. She bad escaped her fearful danger; was safe and unhurt. Where was Philip Avon ? Erie gazed around him with kindling eye, but he could not see Philip Avon. CHAPTER VIII. AYE I where was Philip Avon ? Cyril Kingawood whose life had been aimed at by Tubal Kish, just caught a glimpse of that scoundrel as he plunged into the thicket and disappeared. With amazement he beheld Lady Maud clinging to her saddle in terror, and joined in the pursuit. After a few minutes' hard galloping, he saw the route si'dy Maud's horse was taking, and at once todk a circuitous course, with a view of out.flanking it. But her affrightened beast suddenly diverged, galloped furiously down a ravine, and thence into the open beyond, which he knew to be fenced with a stone wall rather higher than the Lady Maud's horse, frightened as it was, was likely to dare. / Beneath"?his wall be expected to find all: he only found one. Beneath it, on his back, lay the form of Philip Avin'; his face was pale, his eyes were closed, blood and froth were oczing from his lips, and Cyril's first impression was that he had been sent to his long' account while in the full fury of passion. He alighted, raised the head of Philip, and -'laid it upon his knee, awaiting the signs of returning animation. Away in the distance he caught a glimpse .ssof Lady Kingswood and .the Marquis ot * Clhdliogham fjllowiog, and he witved his hand ".:;tu.thea.:.to hurry forward anti j in them. * In the meanwhile Erle, havttg permitted the tears of Lady Maud to hajv their way in s, ilence, then addressed a few words of con :gratulation and sympathy to her. She listened to him in silence for a.time, * ibe, sihe turned her tremblibg eyes upon him, -glistening with tears. ..' Gratitude such as mine, Mr.. Gower,' she said, has but a poor choice of epithets to *express its real force, but yet---' :.. 'Pardoni me, L'dy M.aud,' he interposed, gently, ' tbis is no time to think about me. Pray let' me assist yoir tomoint. Your steed .: is quiet enough nor. Besides I observe a *bridle oath down the hill,'and I will lead him on toot.' , .* ..Large tears filled Lady Maud's eyes, and ' trickled d;wn her cheek as she permitted • Erie to help her inmto her.saddle again. .,v .Passi.ng.itie rein of tlis own horse over his ,arm, he took the bridle.ot Lady Maud's in f: his. hand, and slowly descended the nill. tHe wryas compelled to pursue a circuitous Sroute' in order to reach a spot ' where a gap existed in sa.e old stone wall. I"' I,'consequence of this they entered the iClhace at a very different spot to that at .which the~ .bid quitted it. .. 'Erie was iaot without a knowledge of wood .,raft, but after he bad passed down succes 'sicr a)l.e's arid over various glades, he arrived. I as.itle uiwelcomie conclusion that they were. SIosi;t ii, ith. forsst. . . . I'Blffltd and perplexed, he came to a full stop, a.d' turned his eyes anxiously on Lady .MaIllt's face He saw there a re-assuring Sami ,.. ' 'Y. 'Y itave missed-the path to. the house ?' shie setestdred. . He jniiiled too, and shook his head. '' Ti'iuth I have not yet found it, Lady :'"Ma.iid, he replied ini a..soice far more ciheer flit thann his feelines warranted. 'This is evidenliy.a.pesrt.of.Kingssyood Cbace, but in that dire.it'Cfio Kingswood Manorhbouse lies, I am quite at a loss.to conceive.', . te. .H is starteds by a faint cry of surprise 'issin r'inrom ifhe hlps of Lady. Maud, as "she euirtedti'her eyes. suddenly .on .some object b"eliiri him ' .sIe iarned sharply round, and beheld, to his amazement, theyoung femiale rescued from Tubal Kishb oy Cyril Kingswood standing beneath a tree, ryeiog them with a luok .f • curious wooder. She was tall, and delicately ,formad; her faceewas pale; her eyes dark; In effect her appearance was spiritual; it scarcely seemed real, even though her attire was earthly enough. Whence had she sprung? , Alter a minuted expended in gazing on each other, rlte addressed her. S.. We hive loet ourselves in the Chace,' he said, 'and would return to Kingswood manor-i 'house. Can you point out the path we ouebt to take?' She gazed steadfastly at him all the time he spoke, and seemed as if trying to remem ber where sae bad before seen his face. Emergiug with timid steps she approached •thena, bending her eyes on Lady Maud. After a slight pause, Edrle repeated his re quest, and a change p: s:ed over her face. ' It is far bence,' she said at length, in a silvery voice.; 'and the way is both dangerous and dreary. 'I fear neithler, so that I am made ac quainited with the track,' responded Erle. ' If you can point it out, I entreat you to do so, for thlbere are many awaiting our return in anxiety.' The beautiful young stranger in a low voice, murmured ' Follow me.' She immediately moved in the direction they had already been pursuing. Erle, with an exclamation of surprise, pointed-into the more open glade with his whip, and said 'Is not that the easier and more direct path ?' She raire-1 her finger, and in an undertone, ejaculated ' Tubal Kish !' ' The scoundrel I' muttered Erle, in an angry tone ' He bears upon his cheek the mark of my lash given him this day. I fear not to encounter a ruffian such as he.' 'Who is Tubal Kish ?'.inquired Lady Maud, after they had proceeded a consider able distance. The forest maiden slackened her pace to listen to Erle's reply. 'A ruffian who infests this wood,' he answered. ' Of his history I know nothing. Ihave seen him twice, he continued, and hastily re lated the incident which had that morning taken place. When he ceased, the forest maiden abruptly said to Erle : ' You saved her ?' She pointed to Lady Maud. He nodded assent. 'And him i' She pointed across the wood.. Erie com. prehended her, and again nodded in reply. Her features broke into a smile of grateful pleasure. Suddenly her eye girew dull, and her face clouded. ' Beware of Tubal Kish,' she said, in graver tones than she had yet used. 'You have struck him a blow; be will kill you.' Erle laughed scornfully. ' It is not my fate to fallby the hand of a coarse wretch like him,' he returned. The loud report of a gun close to them, made Lady Maud scream, and both horses started back affrighted. The forest maiden gripped Erle by the wrist. 'The gamekeepers of Kingswood,' she ex claimed, ' they will guide you how,-..We shall meet again-that I feel I Look to ber, she is fainting with fright.' She pointed as she concluded to Lady Maed, and Erie sprangto her side. 'We are safe l' he exclaiined i 'Lord Kingswood's gamekeepers are within a few yards of us.' At this moment a couple of dogs burst through the underwood, and almost instantly two gamekeepers, attended by three or four beaters, appeared. Erle turned to thank the handsome young creature who had thus safely conducted them hither, but she was nowhere visible. The head gamekeeper, very readily offered to act as their guide. . You are but a short way from the house, my lady,' the man exclaimed. "' You could not have been lost here,' ire added. 'Probably not,' returned Erle; ' we: were far hence when we lost ourselves.' 'A young person-something beyond a villiage maiden in position-guided ushither,' exclaimed Lady Maud. The gamekeeper looked at both in silence for a moment. Then he said, in a whisper ' Eh I but you have seen the Wonder of Kingswood Chace.' A slight moan escaped the lips of Lady Maud, and the rest of the way was performed in silence. As they entered the park, the whole party came rushing up to them, and shouts of j sy resounded as soon as it was found that Lady Maud had escaped unhurt. The poor girl was so overpowered that she could oaly, with some hysterical sounds, point to Erie, and then fainted. Erle found that Cyril had returned, accom panied by Lady Kingswood, the Marquis of Chillingham, and Philip Avon. He was told of Philip Avon's mishap. It appeared that he was stunned but not other. wise hurt. Until the arrival of Erle' and the Lady Maud, the fate of the latter-nay, of both was unknown. Their.appearance, unibjured, it may be understood, was .the source of much gratification. There were two persons who stood -aloof from this gatherirng ; one, Lord Kingswood, whrse agitation, no less than his vexation, could not'be concealed.. Erie, it seemed, corpelled the attention of everyone, and called forth questions and observations most g ,llin.; and em -arrasiing After this incident he reaolved tt s end him away and place him where his popu'arity would not prove so dis concerting. The othler was Philip Avoo. He had entered the house ea.rth-soiled and had taken up his station in a recess, where he, could remain unseen until the moment that he wisbed to make his presence known. Erie hurried to his apartment -and to his surprise he founid himself intercepted by the sudden appearance of Philip Avon. 'Stay i' cried the latter, in a hoarse tone. 'I seek a word or two with you.' Erle looked at him for a moment, with angry eyes. Then recovering himself he said 'I desire to hear notbing from your lips. Stand out of my path now; I am engaged. Hie thrust Psilip Avon so violently back,. as he uttered these words, that be fell. S' When you wisla to seek me,' he said, tur?ing a scornful glance upon the prostrate form, 'you know where I can he met with. Wi:h those words, he strode frorr the spot and entered his chamber. Philip Avon sprung up,'and rduld have follo ;et him, but that some servaiits entered the 'csrridor; he.was, therefore, compelled to retire, convulsed with malialioqrs fury, and resolvine to hive .a .i:e revenge for the insult he had just received. CHAPTER ax.; - IOi?t?. Kingswood lhad no sooner ascertained 't i-t dy Maud had been rescued.by Erle, and that bdth w.re unburt, than he hurried to bis library, in order to escape from the observations poured into his ears on all sides respecting Ele. They seemed to call forth explanations which he was reluctant to offer, because he knew that they must necessarily be a tissue of falsehoods. His situation, alogether, was oeirplexing. Years had passed untroubled. He had for a time forgotten his unhappy victim and her child. The world smiled, and was begin ning to bow down to him. Even at the very instant when be was mentally contem plating the shining path to gilded bonours gloying before him, Ishmael M ipas in Iruded upon him like a spirit of darkness. His glorious vision was shattered at a blow, and he discovered himself struggling in dark-and troubled waters. His first dis traction was softened by his interview with Erle, and in spite of the menaces of Ishmael he decided on keeping the boy seluded uptil be had resolved what he should do with him,. Lady KIingswood had, however, defeated that intention : she had forced'Erle from his se clusion, had paraded him, a nameless un known, as it wert, before his guests, and bad contributed to bring about the incident of the morning, whtch would of course be speedily noised over the country. All hope of keeping Erle at Kingswood unnoticed or unregarded was thus dissipated. It was clear that be would be the lion at that day's dinner party. It was equally clear that the coined story of his extraction would be sifted, and every person within reach of question by mouth or letter, bearing the name of Gower, would be examined as to the degree of relationship borne by him or them to this youth. It was also certain that, it the visitors at Kingswood Manor did not pursue this inves tigation, Lady Kingswood would. Here was his great, almost overwhelming difficulty. The tattling gossip though annoying, be came a matter of trifling consideration when compared with the investigation likely to be pursued by Lady Kingswood, and the results which must follow her discovery of the truth. With Erie a constant resident beneath his roof, Lady Kingswood's suspicions would be always receiving fresh stimulus. The very sight of him would foster and keep alive her curiosity. Lord Kingswood knew only too well that she would resort to any means to satisfy her curiosity, and it btcame really a matter of importance to remove far away the' object of his uneasiness. It was not difficult to reach this conclusion but the consequences were to be considered. It was-impossible to ignore the existence of Ishmael Malpas, or, as he knew him, Horace Vernon. He remembered his character only too well. Steadfastpresevering, undiscouraged by check or difficulty, it was his nature to pursue his course until he had obtained the object for which he worked. His lordship, when he bad successfully perpetrated his act of villainy in seducing his victim from the man who really loved her, expected that man to call him to account. His !ordship was a dead shot, and a perfect mroaster of fence ; he calculated upon a duel, and there the matter would end. But be heard nothing of Horace Vernon after the flight of his betrothed. He simply disappeared and ' was heard no more.' His lordship believed the child to be disposed of, and what had become of the mother he did not know and would not care. Then he thought of the discarded one with a bitter pang, and then it was an impression stole over him that retribution hath many shapes. He was placed on the horns of a dilemmai. If he disped of Ercie, in some prompt and definite way, he brought down upon him the wrath of Horace Vernonr,. If he suffered him to remain and treated him with the respect due to his son and heir, he should have per haps to encounter the dreadful consequences of Lady Kingswood's discovery, that though married to him, she was not his wife, and that his, their, son Cyril, was-oh, fearful shock to her pride-illegitimait;e. The very thought of such a discovery frenzied him, and he resolved to dare Vernon's direst vengeance rather than the frantic wrath of Lady Kingswood. But bow to get rid of Erie, how obtain his consent to banish himself to some remote spot until his reappearance would be neatr tended by any unpleasant consequences. He felt the want of the aid of counsel, and it occurred to himthat his faithful Pharisee, who bad served him so long and so un scrupulously, might help him to effect his purpose. It was not possible to carry out his project without a confederate, and he could think of no one who would so well enact the part as his valet. ' Pharisee, in common with the household, had heard of Lady Maud's accident and her rescue by Erle. Pharisee guessed that his services would be called into. requisition, and he placed himself in the vicinity of the library. So, 'when his bell rang, he was very prompt in answering., it. Well acquainted with every shade of ex pression Lord Kingswood's face was accus tromed to exhibit, he was unprepared to find it so anxious and haggard as now he beheld it. Os reaching his master, he paused and waited. He had to wait some little time, for Lord Kingswood knew not how to break the sub ject rankling in his mind to him. At length in an insinuating voice, Pharisee said SYour lordship, I believe, rung for me.' Lord Kingswood started from his easy chair as though he had awakened suddenly from a troubled dream. SAh-a-Pharisee-a es, I rung for you,' his lordship returned, with hesitating speech. ' The fact is,' be continued, 'I want to have some conversation with you upon a subject which perplexes me.' Pharisee bowed iery low, but offered no observation. SYes,' continued Lord Kingswood, I want.your. advice-well, not, perhaps, your advice, but your opinion-at least, your assistance in an affair of a singularly delicate nature.' ' 1 am your lordship's devoted suervant,' returned Pharisee. ' So Ibelieve, Pharrsee, or I should de cidedly not consult with you in the present 'matter,' was his lordship's response. ' ' I have served your lordship faithfully for many years,' continued Phairisee, with artful plausibility, 'may I hope that the steadfastness with which I have ever filfilled my duties will give me some small claim to the c:,nfidence of your lordship. ' Say a strong claim, Pharisee,' returned his lordship, with a well assumed con deset nsion. ' Il short, I have every right to suppose that' y-cu will ably execute any mission I may entrust you with;'" 'I will do my utmost faithfully to dis charge any service confided to me.' 'Well, Pharisee, then I request your at tntiton,' said his lordship, affecting a calmt nss of manner he did not feel. ' You have lived with me the greater portion of my married life, Pharisee, and you are of c'ourse racquainted with its principal incidents. But a-arhem-a-there 'were events-there were circumstances--I say there were occtrrences which took place previous to my marriage, which-which I have kept closely :hidden within my own breast, and-' Lord Kingswood detected, as he thought, a little too much eager inquisitiveness in the ese of his devoted servant, be therefore added, a little quickly and very empbhati. cally Of course I intend to keep them where they now restundisclosed."~ :'" Phariseedropped his-eit?rl tlay upon the carpel, and iwaradl'y ciursed Hs bwn want of tact. Lrd Kingswood resuisied- :' ' Out of those occurrencei' Pharisee, there has suddenly sprung into being a youth, who ha, settled himself in the veiy heart of my bhrmi.' Pharisee gazed steadfastly at the carpet, and remained intent as well as motionless. SYou ol course, guess to whom I allude, Pharisee,' said L.rd Kingawood, glancing up ben-ath his eyebrows at him. 'Mr. Gower, my lord,' murmured Pharisee, ' Mr. Gower,' repeated Lord Kingswood, promptly. 'You are right, Pharisee. Well, I am under certain engagements-made-a -made, I say, in the heyday and the folly of youth, to protect and to provide for this boy, who-a-I-I-a-may say, posseses not-a -not -:he ghost-I say, not the shadow of a legal nor-well, I think I am justified in say ing, nor a moral claim upon me. Never:be. less, I am called upon to fulfil these em barrassing engagements, and I cannot very well help complying with-a-the-the-de -mand,' the last word came out very reluctantly; 'but,' continued his lordship, quickly, 'I do not intend tC say that, as a matter of honour, I object to comply, though I conless that it occasions me the greatest perplexity and inconvenience.' Your lordship refers to the presence of Mr. Gower at Kingswood?' suggested Pharisee, gently, and with a slight hesitation in his delivery. 'Exactly, Pharisee,' returned his lordship, almost eagerly, 'his presence here calls for explanations which it is impossible for me to give.-- 'I understand your lordship,' suggested Pharisee, in a meaning tone. Lord Kingswood reddened. No, you do not understand me, Pharisee,' he rejoined, sharply; ' and, further, I do not require youi.to interpret my suggestions. What I desire you to understand I will be very explicit in communicating. Though myself not personally affected by the explana tions to which I have alluded, there are others whose interests might be injnred, and their position compromised, were I to enter into matters which really concern no other person but Mr. Gower, and-the-the indi viduals with whom he is secretly connected, Lady Kingswood is not likely to remain satis fled with the statement I have given her. She will wish to know every little fact and detail connected with the history of Mr. Gower, which to a certain extent, I cannot give if I would, and my refusal may lead to inconveniences which I am especially desir ous to avoid at the present tine. I desire to act well and liberally to Mr. Gower, to advance his future, to do anything to enhance hiscomfort and happiness, but-a-not here.' His lordship paused, and Pbarisee slowly raised his eyes. He now quite understood that his lordship wished to get rid of Mr. Gower; but how ? SThat expression, 'get rid of,' was .a very wide one-in some senses, a very significant one. He slowly perusetd Lord Kingswood's features, but he did not read the villain ous thoughts wbich crossed his own vile mind. 'It can scarcely be a question of difficulty, my lord,' be presently observed, in-his usual oily tone. 'Remove Mr. Gower to some other part of the kingdom.' ' You do not understand, Pharisee, that he has been brought hither to remain here,' rejoined Lord Kingswood, in a suggestive tone. SAh!b ' ejaculated Pharisee, 'I am not wrong, I pesume, in supposing that although your lordship wishes for his departure, you do not.desire it to be known that his removal emanates from you.' 'You ard quick of comprehension, I perceive, Pharisee,' replied Lord Kingswood. ' You have arrived at mry difficulty.' 'fIt daes not strike me as being a difficulty of an extraordinary character,' rejoined Pnari see,,insa slow, soft tone. 'Nov?'ejaculated Lord Kiagswood inter rogatid?ly. 'No, my lord,' responded Pharisee, 'Explain your views,' said Lord Kings wood, leaning back in his chair, and eyeing his crafty valet with an.eager curiosity. .'Youth is fond of change,' commenced Pharisee. ' At Mr. Gower's age the mind is active and restless. It does not reosain content in one place. The wonders of Lon don, described in glowing terms to Mr. Gower, would create within his breast an ardent j'earnitg to visit its gay scenes. London, my lord,.has many temptations, many follies, many vices. A youth yielding to its temptations, springs from folly to folly, and leaps thence into excesses; the step from excess to vice is short. Your lordship, learniing from sources on which you can rely, that such a course has been pursued, will certainly be thoroughly justified in removing your patronage, and withdrawing, in fact, your countenance from I.im, very properly. forbidding his appearance in your presence again.': ' Um T' mused Lord Kingswood, 'a neat contrivance, but it will not do. He would re main in London, and might talk. No, if be could be persuaded to emigrate to some distant region, where, if not killed by the climate, he would not, at all events, return to England, my object would he attained.' A sinister smile stole over the cadaverous features of Pharisee. In the same slow, insinuating tones, he said 'Does not your. lordship imagine that a youth having grossly committed himself, and being sharply awakened to a sense of his position by your just displeasure, would eagerly seize an offer to provide him with a passage to some distant land, together with a sum of money to give him a start on his arrival there. With bumble deference to your lrdship, I think that such a plan would succeed to perfection, because the youth, knowing how he had acted here, would pro ceed to any other quarter of the globe rather than remain in this.' Lord Kingswood received the suggestion with some excitement. He rose up, and paced the chamber, exhibiting a degree cl feverish anxiety quite coniforting to Pharisee, who stood motionless as a statue, but followed Lord Kingswopd with his shifty restless eyes, as he passed and repassed him. He was unacquainted wi:h the harrasstng considerations which formed the train ol thought racing through L rd Kingswvood's mind, but he was quite satisfied that, though his lordship had denied being-personally affected in revelations connected with the history of Erie Gower, be was deeply impli cated in them. He was eqtally sure that his lordship would assent to his proposition He had long yearned t'c obtain poser over Lord Kingswood and now he saw it fairly wi:hin his reach. His bosom throbbed, the veins in his fore bead swelled like cords, his nerves tingled and pricked, and big teeth knit themselves closely together, because he saw before his eyes sod within his grasp the longboped-for prize. Yet he stood motionless, his features im movable: his eyes, in the persistency with which they watched the movemen:s of Lord Kiigswaod, alone betrayed the tumult of his concealed feelings. At last Lord Kingswood resumed his seat, and in a vexed, impatient tone be ex. claimed I'Ilam afrai.l I see no other way to attain an end in which my happiness, and the dis tinctions I am seeking are involved; but the instructions I ought to give you, they perplex, distress, confound me, I cannot find it in my soul to direct you to----' 'Take any step in the matter,' sleekly interposed Pharisee, 'it will be unnecessary for your lordship to ds so. Give me no instructions whatever, but leave to me the working out of the scheme. Your lordship chall remain in utter ignorance of the pro. ccedings of Mr. Gower until the proper time, Every proposition for change shall. come from him. He shall not know other than that you are warmly in terested in his future welfare, and when he flies, disgraced and disbonoured, he shall be in no position to blame anyone but himself for what has happened.' The face.of Lord Kingswood brightened. He drew a long breath, and then slowly added-' My very good Pharisee, I leave this matter entirely in your hands, Woat has transpired between us will remain con cealed in your breast, and buried in my own. From time to time you can draw on me for such amounts as you may need for secret service. You understand, Pharisee?' The valet, with a sickly smile, bent his head. SWhen the affair has terminated you may rely upon my honour for an adequate reward,' concluded his lordsbip. Pharisee bowed again in reply, ..and mentally said,'I mean to take it,' but be did not utter a word. SThere will be no further occasion, I sup. pose, to discuss this matter again, Pharisee ?' observed Lord Kingswood, intending to close the interview bere. ' No my lord,' returned the valet, I unless something unforeseen occurs. I may sug gest, however, that your lordsbip will not expect the plan to be consummated at too early a date. It will take time, Mr. Gower has a nature which will not submit to dicta tion. But he is proud and impressionable. I have to work upon the sensitive and sentimental part of his nature, and at 'first my progress will be slow, but when be bas once started, he will burry along with a heedless velocity which will give your lord ship no reason to complain of further delay.' 'Very good; then he will continue to re main here for the present,' said Lord Kings. wood, with a shade of dissatisfaction on his face. ' Until, he my lord, demands, rather than asks, your lordship to permit him. to go 'to London,' responded Pharisee, with a cun ning leer. ' I understand,' replied his lordship, a little more satisfied, adding, ' Where have you placed him now, Pharisee ? It was a dreadful mistake to place him in those 'old, unused rooms.' Pharisee informed him. 'The apartments are too near Cyril's rooms,' he exclaimed, thoughtfully. '-I do not wish their intimacy to grow;' then he sbrugged his shoulders and added-' I can not help rr yself : I have a hard part to play, and I must do the best I can with it.' The library-door opened, and a footman appeared. He bore a message from Erle to Lord Kingswood, requesting to be ezx cused from appearins at dinner that day, pleading'a severe headache as a ground for the request he made. Lord .Kingswod readily assented, for be had looked forwaid to the dinner as a source of especial annoy ance, owing to the incident of the morning, and he terminated his interview with Pharisee with a lighter heart than he liad commenced. Pharisee, too, bastened to Lord Kings wood's dressing-room to prepare his lord ship's dinn-r.dress, and in a tdne of passionate exulation, he said to himself 'My triumph approaches. It is said a worm stings I have been treated as a worm-oh, but I'll sting like a scorpion.' CIsAPTER X, ERLEchafing with ire as be quitted the prostrate form of Philip. Avon, strode witb swift steps to his chambers. He found the sitting-room more grim, bleak, and lonely than ever. No fire burned cheerily on the wide hearth, and the dark old chamber Looked more chill, silent, and dreary than it had yet seemed to him. He entered the bed-room, and the same change seemed to have come over that apart meet. The large, antique, four-post bedstead, deprived of its curtains, looked ghastly and skeleton-like, and the high-backed chairs stood bold upright against the black oaken wainscoting with a kind of terrifying for mality. He saw that his wardrobe had been re moved; and he began'to marvel wherefore, unless Lord Kingswood had ordered him to be removed to more cheerful quarters. While this thought crossed him, his eye fell upon the portrait over the fireplace., A strange thrill ran through his frame, for it seemed as'if me weird-like beauty whom he had met in Kingswood Chace was sitting there smiling down upon him. Whether it was bthe effect of some peculiar refraction of tie rays of light admitted by the undraped window, whether the removal of the heavy, massive cuttains fromt the bed bad enabled a more direct action of the daylight to take place, he could nottell, nor did he seek to know. All he was conscisus of was the startling, life-like appearance of the portrait. The resemblitrce to the forest maiden was singularly strieing, and what was yet more strang-, the features seemed to slowly change into those of the Lady Maud, and thren rt make a rapid transition back to those of the maiden he had met in the forest. And suddenly, to his great excitepnent, it seemedasthoughtbeclear blue eyes fixed upon him glittered and glistened, and that the lady moved forward as though she would approach him. He gasped for'breath, and clutched at the bedstead for support; and then it seemed to him that she pointed with her right hand to a particular spot on the side of the chamber near to him. A faintness seized hIim and beaumbed his limbs; he remained for a few minuutes strug gling between consciousness and insensibility; at length 'he became ashamed of his weakness, and fixed his gaze once more upon 'the face which had so affectedhim. It was no lon.er vividly animated and life-like. It appeared a dull old portrait. Still the hand pointing to the wall caught his eye, and he turned his gaze insthe direction which it indicated. He saw nothing but the black oaken wainscor, with its gorgeously carved panelling, relresenting groups of fl:wers and fruits in high relief. Impelled by an influence for which he could not account, he examnined those'flowers at'the part wbere the finger yet pointed, and in among the wreathing leaves and blossoms he caught sight of a small object which had evidently been pushed in there for 'the "pur pose of concealment. He contrived to draw out an antique key, possessing a gothic bandle, elaborately orna mented, and many wards to fit the lock to which it belonged. Again be looked at the portrait, but the hand still pointed bs before, and tf possible, the painting itself looked dmgier than ever. After some little thought, be placed the key in his pocket, and glided out of the room. As be passed through into, the sitting-room, he cast his eyes round the apartm:nt, and he noted the doors in them, apparently belong. ing to store closets. One only appeared to have a lock that small key would fit, That door was situated in a remote corner of the room. Influenced by an irresistible impulse, he hurried to it and tried it. The key fitted, and be was about to turn it and open the door, when he he heard hasty ftotsteps ap proaching the room. He had barely time to remove the key.and conceal it, when a man servant entered. TO BE CONTINUED. 