\- ' Ishmael Pengelly: An Outcast. ~ (BY JOSEPH HOOKING.) 'Author of "Andrew Fairfax," &c.; Book I Ye-Harvest, CHAPTER I. lie time was the evening following the night of the dark deed on tho cliffs. The. place -was the library of Penwitheti;* ' Throughout the morning ?Reuben had sat there brooding. Some times he felt safe from all danger, at other times he trembled at every sound. When lunch was over he could stay indoors no longer, so he bad ordered his horse to be saddled, and had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on business, but really to hear what people were talking about. To his surprise, nothing was said of Fraser. No one knew of his death. Men had been working along the coast all the morning, but no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea had not given np its dead. Well, so much the better for him. Perhaps the body might float for days, and then be washed on the beach at Padstow, or New Quay, or Bude. It might be that no one .would connect it with John Fraser. ,That worthy had told his taproom companions ? again and again that he should go to America, where there was room for a man of his talents; and so suspicions would be diverted into other channels. Well, he should say nothing. A great longing came to him to go to the scene of the struggle, but he said he would not be weak en . ough for that. He had heard of many murderers being discovered in that way, but he would not be so foolish. And so he rode back to Pen rith en for dinner, and appeared gay and happy all the time, but directly the meal concluded he locked himself in the library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, the lamp on the table sent out a cheer ful light, and Reuben enjoyed his com fortable surroundings. He had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary ,to his usual'custorn, he bad drunk sev eral glasses of wine, and thus, for the time, was flushed with a false cou rage. In an hour or two its influence twould leave bim, but at present its power was grateful. He had sat about an hour when a knock came to the door, and, on his opening it, a servant gave him a note. "Any answer, Susan?" be said ab sently. "No, sir; the boy who brought it is gone." , "Do you know the boy?" "Yes, sir; it was Jane Hendy's boy she as was servant here years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful and satisfied. He locked the 'door again, however, and, sitting J 'down in his armchair, opened the en velope. After that be looked at the address, lt was evidently written by a woman who had had little practice in the art of writing. Thus it ran, ¡ "to mr. Ruben penwithn ¡; up to Penwithn." . "Who can this be from?" he mused, and then taking out the letter, read as ollows: "respected sur. i ope yu will scuse me for ritin. yew was a good inaaster to. nie up to your ouse, an i íthot yu wud like to no wot was goin ion, so i am ritin this. bout ten o'clock this mornin that black aired chap called Ishmul who do live up to ¡C'oomshed, corned in 'ere ses he ard Ito work Missus Hendy. iss says i, tis a lot arder bein marrid than bein in sarvice like i wos up to penwith, i »(was Jane Rickett then, an ad a good time cos maaster penwithn wos sich .jo, good maaster, says i. he's a villin ses ee, no sh thing ses i, eo was a good maaster to me ef ever there was lone, look ere ses ee, ees no rite to be _ . there, an somebody els will be there soon, git away ses i, for i never did like that chap, ee allays made me feel ..cal creepy like, well ses ee you naw imrs. hendy that ee do ave - curyus ¡ways, and eeve got a sacret, ive found it out, ive got the thing heve bin , >Jbidin for years, an "you will soon see ia new maaster to penwithn, tis in my jpocket ses ee slappin bis jacket, and iee laffed oal curyus like ses ee l aint bin lookin ool tbaise years fur jnothin, wot do ee main ses i, yu will '¡jsoon naw ses ee then ee shâwed bis teeth again an looked strange round he eyes and went of. then i ses to . ;ínyself mr penwithn shud naw this, l.^but i beaut well miff to walk fur at ¡ (present so i send my little boy with jout tellin anybody your obedient sar gent jane Hendy. V "to mr. Ruben Penwithn i "up to penwithn. ¡ps please sur ee said somethin bout your soon bein in Bodmun jail." £ [When Reuben finished reading this ißistlo. ho, was trembling like, an as pen leaf; when he had read it the se cond time a cold sweat stood on his forehead. Was the man a demon? How could he have found it? Did the letter refer to the will at all? He re membered Jane Hendy as a gossiping girl who had been servant at. Penwi then, but who was, nevertheless, hon est and truthful. ! Could it be that, it had come to light after all these years? What was the use of last night's terrible deed now? While be was struggling with Fraser, who he believ ed was the essential link, this Nemesis must by some means have discovered the secret hiding-place, and found what he bad sold bis soul to obtain. "Oh, devil, thou art a hard master!" he cried. "Twenty-five 3rears have I kept this thing secret, and now it will come to light. I shall be hissed at, stoned, driven out of the neighbor- ¡ hood. Oh, father, did you rear me for ! this? Margery Goudge, did you tempt me for this? Come back, you old hag; come from your grave and tell me wdiat I am to do!" He read the letter a third time. Yes, it was plain enough. He had bid it all these years; last night be had taken the life of his fellow-man to preserve bis secret, and all for this. Even his children would loathe him. Stop, though! He must think, think. Supposing tlie will wrere found, sup pose Ishmael did his worst. What would be the consequence? The game might not be lost. Who could say the will was genuine? Could he not urge that it had been forged? Who was Ishmael? A nameless man, com paratively, with unknown anteced ents. Who would gain by the will? Ishmael and his mother. Well, the mother had been looked upon as mad, while Ishmael was greatly avoided as a mysterious character. He would claim that the will was a forgery; and then if the case was decided against them they would be transported. At least Ishmael would. Ah, the case was not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine? No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before; as for John Fra ser, be would never be heard of again. Who would accept Ishmael's state ment? No one. He was a magistrate himself, and be knew. A man of his standing in the county would be be lieved a thousand times before this man. Yes, he would fight to the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the. letter; no doubt, too, Ishmael had spoken to her; but had be not done this to frigh ten him? Should he go to Jane Hen dy and speak to ber? No; that would give credence to Ishmael's statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why, the place was un known, and even if it was known, a hundred men might search, and never find it. A dark bole difficult to see, and then-no, no, it could not be! Again he perused the letter, and the moro he felt confirmed in his opinion. He looked at his watch. It was 9 o'clock. He went to the window and loooked out. It was a wild night. The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. The pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see the trees which surrounded the house, but between the gusts of wind he could hear the leaves drop ping from the branches, which were fast becoming bare. The winter was coming on early. He went back to bis chair and sat down again. He must know the truth of this; he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he should be certain, so that he might make bis plans accordingly. He had made up his mind to keep indoors during the evenings; last night's work bad un strung his nerves and made him - weak. The memory of it was terrible. Still, the work was done, and he would no longer' be harassed in that direction. Oh, if Ishmael floated by his side! "Yes, I'll go and see," he said, at length; "it'll be a terrible journey, but I'll go." .'.!'; He looked at his watch again and considered. . "Tho tide will be at its height at half-past ll," he mused; "by half-past 12 T can get along at the foot of the cliffs. If I start from here at about a quarter to 12 I shall be able to man age easily. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks' stories? I wonder whether the ghosts of mur dered people do appear at night time? It'll be a terrible journey; but-yes, I'll go; I-shall never rest till I'm cer tain." He got up and looked in the glass. "I look an old man," he said, as he gazed on the reflection of his haggard face. "Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be white. Yes, another hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. . Oh, I never thought it would come to this!" -, He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery.. - -v 'Td better give it up," be cried; "I'd better go to Ishmael and make terms with him. He'll,surely be will ing to make arrangements. I can give him Grace's dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrange ments? Grace would be glad. lean, see that she hates the thought of mar rying Retallick, evon although she's sacrificing herself for my sake. I I wonder if he would, now? No, no,. ! I'll not ask a favor-of him; I'll fight to the end; lose or win, I'll do it!" At a quarter to 12 he put on a pair of thick boots and a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in his overcoat pocket. Then he took some matches, and after stri king two or three, to se© that they ig nited easily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was anything more. He noiselessly opened the library door, and stood in the dark passage. He remembered being there with Judith long years before. Ah, how she loved him! Yes, that night "was the first step in the great sin which had ended twenty-five years after in murder. No, not that- jus tifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was si lent, no sound broke the stillness of the night. He thought he beard one of the servants breathing heavily, but that was all. Everyone was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he should never sleep again. Like Mac beth, he had murdered it. He turned the lamp low, -and crept through the passage into the kitchen, and then went out into the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped for ward with a low growl, but seeing who it was whined affectionately and wag ged its tail, as if expecting to accom pany him. "I dare not take him," be muttered, "although he would be company. Lie down here in the kitchen, old man, and be quiet." The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hur ried across the yard into the lane. He stood still and listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning throiigh the trees. He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in fear, but no one appea red; no sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at the cliffs, and saw far beneath him the restless, turbulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky as at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds were swept more rapidly across the wrild sky, the night did not appear quite so sullen. , He looked all around him, anxiously, fearfully, and then breathed a sigh of relief. No one was near. Tho spot was open; neither hedges nor hou ses were near, and so it would be im possible for anyone to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of /the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic was in a furious mood. J He walked on until he came to the precipitous footpath leading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of the cliffs descent would be perilous, but Reuben did not hesi- j tate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yes, the tide was receding, and even now he saw a stretch of sand a few feet wide. He ' went southward. I Fancy the scene: On the one hand, towering, rugged cliffs; above, a wild sky; on the other, a storm-tossed an-1 gry sea hurling itself on the rock- j bound coast. The time, midnight. All sound drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds. "Everybody will be in bed," mut-J tered Reuben; "no one but a man with hell in his heart would come to such j a spot as this on such a night as this. My God! I wish I were back at Car logga.s with an empty pocket and a light" heart. On he trudged, now stumbling over the rocks, now splashing through some stream of water which ran to wards the receding sea, but still mak ing his way southward. "I was a fool not to destroy it," he went on at length; "if I had, there would be no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn't been a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it is still there, I shall destroy it the mo ment I get back to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do it, though the ghost of old Mi chael appears before me and tells rae to stop. I can understand these old men's stories now. > I can see why they bargained with the devil. " I'd gladly sell all the soul I've got to liv© in comfort all the rest of my life and be safe. There'd.be joy and glad ness in the thought; but those days ar© gone, all the old superstitions are des troyed." A great wave swept up, carrying with it a log of wrood, and as the wa ter receded, left it lying before bim. In the. storm-light it did not look .un like tbe body of at man. He startec back with a cry of terror. "My God!" he cried, "'tis he! I car go no further, I am afraid. I dare no1 go past that thing." Something napped close to bis -ear and a ghastly screech froze the blooc in bis veins. It was only a sea birel which he had disturbed, and which as soon as it could, flew back to its shelter again; but to Beuben it was tho cry of a lost soul, it was a wander ing spirit which could find no rest. "It was like his cry last night when he fell!" he gasped. "Ob, all the Pen withen lands, all the money it has brougtít me, good name, and all the rest, will not pay for this. I'll, go straight back, and let him do big worst." He turned around, and began to re trace his steps, but had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind. "What of Grace and Bert?" be thought. "I'll save them if I can. I promised their mother that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor, dear Amelia! She gave her life for Grace! Oh, my darling! Can't you help me now? No, no. If there's a heaven, she's there; and. the help I want can't come from heaven." Once more be turned- his face to wards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. "It's only a bit of sea drift," he cried. "Oh, what a coward I am-a great, hulking coward!" On he rushed, unmindful of winds and waves. The .stretch, of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of rocks protruded themselves on to the beach, anet then he stopped. "I shall soon know," he cried. ? "Ah, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I'll burn it, in spite of all ¿he dead men's curses that were ever invented. -Why, oh, why didn't I do it years ago?" . He crept behind the great heap of rocks, and found a fissure wide enough through which to squeeze bis body; then he crawled along a few feet, until he was out of the wind. Out side the wind wailed and the sea sur ged, but here was shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket ho carefully lit it, and looked anxiously around him, after which he went farther into the cave. Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined thè sandy floor. It had not been disturbed since the last flood tide, and no mark bf a footstep was to be seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as it was when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The sea sounded far away; he was alone-all, all alone. He stood still,a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained bis ears, as if he thought he had heard something. No; all was silent as death. He mado a step forward towards a dark cor ner of the cave. Hark, what was that? He thought he heard a sound liko the falling of a stone, and he listened again. No, be was mistaken; be was , simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Cold sweat trickled down bis face, and his limbs trembled. "He must have found it!" be gasped, ."and I am lost." Again he pushed his- arm into the aperture, this time as far as he could reach. His fingers touched some thing smooth and cold. He clutched it tightly and drew it out. "Safe! safe!" he cried; "Pm a man again. Let me burn this when I get home, and then what have I to fear?" v Unbuttoning bis coat, he put it into his breast- pocket; then he carefully buttoned bis coat again, and again ho realised the haunting fear which ho had felt long years before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him for the will. "It seems to carry a curse with it," he muttered, "but it will be only for an hour." Once more he held up the lamp, but in-doing so knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it up be looked towards the entrance of tho cave, and he thought he saw something shining, and quickly held the light towards it, but nothing was to be seen. "Another delusion," he moaned, "an other delusion-ah, but, I wish John Fraser was a delusion. Living or dead, he was a curse to me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced." (To be continued.) 