THE NEW REVIVALISM. Vb hear of the ' The New Theology ' and 'The New Pulpit,' it is only in keeping that we should also have what may be called ''The New Revivalism.' Not but it may be after alia very old revivalism, and, therefore, new, like some of the old Methodsst times, so antique as to be perfectly novel to the present generation. The Eev. Thomas Cook may be taken as a type of the New Bevivalist, and as exhibiting the latest methods in evangelistic work. Evangelistic services have become asso ciated in the minds of a good many with depreciatory characteristics, . with twaddle and gush, and maudlin senti ment aud rant and appeals to fear, with tautological vapid ness and stale anec dotes. How far this estimate is just we do not pretend to say, but it exists and widely so. It is, therefore, in the interests of the truth itself and for the benefit/of the community at large that the message of the Redeemer should be proclaimed in professedly revival meet ings in such a way that the respect of men should be gained for it, and the robust minds of practical artisans and shrewd business men be attracted with sympathy. Every earnest preacher has his own way, and the noisy, demon strative, or emotional style is natural to some and also attractive to some hearers, and may be quite right in both cases, but the evil comes in when it becomes generally accepted that there is no earnest preaching or evangelistic effort without these peculiarities. Mr. Cook's fame and success are not due to following the usual grooves nor tr adopting already stereotyped ways of procedure. He is not noisy, but quiet and self- restrained ; nor wordy, but terse, his sentences being primed and phrases compressed, or crisp and sharp. He does not talk childishly, which mode some soul-seekers adopt as the surest way to catch men, but speaks strong common sense, such as men like to hear to ; nor is his subject matter GoBpel and water, with the aqueous preponder ating, but well reasoned fresh, logical, suggestive and impressive thought. His addresses, too, are carefully constructed and cumulative in their effect ; they are well designed instruments rather than products. And they are certainly not lacking in heat and glow. There is fire, intense moral earnestness, not the con secrating flame leaping from crackling thorns, but the rose warmth that appears in the red hot bar of iron. It may now be possible to quiet men who have ». way of their own, and to whom restrained, more than manifested, -emotion is the more natural to feel, that «ven they may aim at souls with a pros pect of saving some. And congregations may be encouraged to recognise in men who are not of the Boanerges nor of the Jeremiah class true evangelists for their Lord, from whom may even be ?expected gracious results in time. Thomas Cook's mission will in ihis way be a stimulant aud encouragement to ministers and people. ? There is another feature about this New Revivalism which is specially in teresting, and that is its suggestion of the Apostolic method. We cannot see that the Apostles, in order to fix con viction in sinners' consciences and to .gain adherents to the new Church, ever played the harlequin, or made sacred -thingB absurd, or that they adopted ?what was outre and fantastic that they might by all means save some.' Their mode appears to have been manly, .straight, dignified (by which is meant natural, not official, dignity), yet easy, ;and consumingly in earnest. They gained respect as well as notoriety, and their message was as weighty and serious as it was novel. G-reek art has been, defined as 'the perfection of common sense.' In that sense there was the highest art about the Apostolic words and methods. It was radiant, too, with the sunny smiles of hope and joy. Christianity, as they administered it, brought a great cheerfulness into the world. And while there was no trace ?ot the convulsive, or contortive, or maudlin, there was unmistakeable 'power. An influence, mysterious, subtle, pene trating, soul-compelling, pervaded their work. And it was in that the Apostle Paul so openly delighted : he who could have plumed himself on scholarship, social culture, dialectic power, and profound knowledge of Rabbinical love, with an academic acquaintace with O-reek philosophy, esteemed these things lightly (though using them with con siderable effect^, but rejoiced in a power ?distinct from them all that he knew he possessed, and which was the secret of his success with men. Now Mr. Cook has a remarkable harvest wherever he sows a mission, but it is difficult to connect cause with effect, or rather, to account for so much effect from the ?causes under observation, unless on the assumption that St. Paul made with .regard to his own work. And so as we atudy the ' New Revivalism' as it iB going on at the Centenary Hall just now, the words comg forcibly to our minds : — ' And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of- man's wishom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power : that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.' ' Through mighty signs and wonders, by th^ power of the Spirit of God ; so that from Jerusalem and round about unto Illyricum I have fully preached the Gospel of Christ.' 'For our G-ospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy G-host, and in much assurance.' The words become quite realistic as we watch ' the Cook Mission.' 