THE RE-UNION OF THE CHURCHES. SPEAKING at the Cathedral at the eleven o'clock Mass on Sunday, the Archbishop said:— The deepest spiritual lesson which we erive from the great feast of Pentecost, hich we ce^ebwtteto-day, is the ineffable ove of theth.reepe®6M&b;£ Ithe Blessed rinity for the XJhttrelivJfbunded by hrist on earth; _ "' \ It cannot,'theVefore/Ae geihied inapropriate to address you to-tkyln defence f that Church, even though we ordinary form of a-eeijnola' bc'.depnrted from. Neither should anyone tbink that th£te is nothing new to be said on the subject of the address. There is a great deal«td be said that is new to most persons). The truth is, it is only now that tk^>tMl history of the revolt from the Catholic Church in the 16th century is brine written. So much is this the case, that neither the sources of information, ncr the diligent er.quirers who are laboriously investigating these sources, and gradually giving to the world the resnlis of their labours, are known to manv who are supposed to be familiar with English ecclesiastical history. I think I might reasonably complain of the tone of Canon Potter's rejoinder if I did not make ample allowance for the difficulties of his position. On last Sunday evening, under cover of his noisiest artillery, he was in full retreat, not only from the outposts, but from the first and second lines of his defence. He was driven back by the testimony, not of Catholic authorities, but what is most aggravating, by the united testimony of bishops, clergymen, and laymen of his own church, and by " Rationalists " like Mr. Lecky, who at least may be regarded as impartial witnesses in such a controversy. Canon Potter may affect to disregard the authority of such a writer as " one Dr. Child," and to minimise the force of the Rev. Mr. Pocock's testimony, on the ground that " not one in ten thousand has ever heard" of them. He may try to get rid of Bishop Perowne's authoritative statements by saying that he " seems to have fallen asleep and forgotten the Ordinal," though he himself declared in the Birmingham Church Congress that " he had read all the great Divines of the Church of England with an especial view to this question." But I beg to assure Canon Potter that if he set up such silly pleas in England, where these men are known to eveiy scholar, and recognised as of the highest authority in their respective spheres, he would be simply laughed out of court. I believe I am within the trnth in saying that no Anglican clergyman of our day has so thoroughly investigated the archives of the Reformation period as Mr. Pocock has done. A similar want of knowledge reveals itself in Canon Potter's reference to Jansenists and Jesuits, Molinist and Quietist The Catholic Church, claiming, as she alone claims, to speak with the voice of unerring truth, cut off the Jansenists from her communion, and the Quietists, by her ever-living and energising authority, she reduced to obedience. The Jesuits and Molinists are now, as they always were, amongst the strongest and most orthodox defenders of her doctrine. It is needless to say that Molina, from whom the Molinists take their name, was himself a most distinguished and devoted Jesuit, and that he and those who have adopted his system of reconciling the efficacy of grace with the freedom of the 4iuman will have always been most loyal Members of th* Catholic Church. Ai: a matter of fact, the system of .Molina is the one most favourably regarded in Catholic ecclesiastical colleges. Bat the troth seems to be that the learned Canon has been reading some cheap controversial works lately, end has not taken the trouble to consider the meaning, or want of meaning, of the crude statements he found in them. Having abandoned his former lines of defence. Canon Potter has now fallen back on his last bulwarks—namely, the Temporalities of the Church of England, the Book of Common Prayer, (he Ordinal, and the Canons of Canterbury. But in his retreat, as often happens, he has overlooked many things, he MI ecinfused many things, and he has lost much of the war material on which he had previously relied. In his retreat, too, he has fired Mine random shot*, mare to keep up as appearance of resistance than to inflict injury on the enemy. Before engaging him ai close quarters in his new position, let «s abwnt how widely these random shots have missel their mark. And, first of all, I willingly nib him a present of all the fun he can extract from " The Pri^." Ituckw that "The Prig's " arrows, light aa was the shaft, a»4k*^tk«bntfe.wc»t straight h«a*> aad ewttw* he wily extracted. Aawher t*f tk*s* raadoxa shots is touml m the Mfowtwc sentence;- I skewa before* following exactamt le*r**<i kistwaas."—what » <* » that the learaed Cmm ^ ^ T / ^ k l y«**«**us Littledale—"that this eMm of the See of l&w;* to uatvmat iuridlietio* was «^a»wW<S»<i » a ft* Wester* ^ I **** tkat W t m ^ Bishop of K|kesus, » Ask WW, Ireaaeus, » and Ikvl^ of Cfcat^ty. wu^sly 1** Wke-i suemsffctty wasted it, the baWl ass«t*o» which he 1ft*** RO to lavaMat* t^ if tke RtfWta* Pfcatiff * »«««?' « wA $*w*£wftio» ove* the Chaw*. h i i t e i l K t o l ^ y * rf ktstewei evidence from esslasivet* u«fc.Oatkdt» autkeetHes* Ktama* to tke wy « tk* Ckutek. i a © f tke uaivewally Mnm* o? the IVf*™ w 1 dealt tke t»v*—IVWate*. Ifcskep of Kphesus. aad St. vf asSksttty was sMuce* by !*«« to the « tke Holy ^ Wi wkee* sataes. •» W ia as £*r I h*** sees* » iatttdta** fc* tW tu*\ Arvkbiskop 1W Vt^MK Kwi atfci d^i «* *he the Ortkvlw Ckurch, and was * a»4 isveted of tk* IV*** Primacy* \Yk> as NtaHjp&i;* Canterbury, k* ^s » <tf feri wWSt kfti ^ «kl ANM^if s^t to te ja^ttt tiw ^ ClHtrt Hbwbh* iww&at;^ rf ^ f**h. Vtis, ffcoww'itr wWv « ^ w^otta^rfi. k* twk i* ^eefewk^®*^" ^ ^ ^ « dfWtttfiti^wa. **<i i-W i^rt^c te A® ss*wv*- iKi^si&fcs; ^ JSJ b^V ifWrt K®. WOtUHMJ-^ at of ^ K^y cthjvi ^ tWfeKs. sstiiiwc oottti af th* t^V^ttft «»t ^ of Ifcuw . v -fr ..k.-f, mmrniMn SMldeMft fe* imiuiinit % rf upoa controTpr»]*ri«twl>o wsort* to it I df»U fully xtnU subiwU wd I quote aowfro® rxt jmWUKed lwtvws Th« 3?otit»ft *ud »prob»t«»d the title of by John oJ Kxwpt oa the pMBwple th»t drowawg hkb p»sp »t Wvvftkl be diiUeuU to understand how the wpwdUtioa vl»title in one sense eould WK^ld to mwtw the repudwtion of U tot»JW different seixse. A reeent Oathalie writer asks, with pardonable SOTwist, whether it is posstWe that any. one with « elaiiu to scholarship still puts forward this traos^rent fallacy., If to, relations Wk\the Saion, the Oallie, and the uki^rsal Churehj his httm- to Au«U*tUev'directing the t^k^of e^iseopal wvn his rt^WW giw Augustine any authoritT over the Galhc bishops— the Gattie bishop we give you authority i" his «£f>oi*tmt*t of Auitustme over the Bishops of the " But we commit all the Bishops of the Brians to your ftraternihr, tkat the uulearaed may be taught, the wwk strengthened through i>ersuasion, tke perTe(«e ewweted oy authority ; Ws <r<™*t of the pallium, the symbcd of Augustine and to his sue* eessots, bat. ahow »1U his wwow for not sanetiomng the title of ithZvfy naasely. bwause. as Gregory expmAy states in his letters, it seemed to suppose that there was but one bishop—"triste valde est, ut patieuter fetatur, «j«ateRi\s iuprHts om»i('*s> pwiwtus frater et etMfpiseopus meus <.\>*<t*r <*piH>lfari e^iscop unus i^triawh* dieitur, XVtrtarekarum nomea ca-tehs derogatur." And m another epistle. " S* uietmwt^ est, restat, ut vos episeoji aoa sitis." This is the tery lN»tiff wfco says tbat to IVtef was committed the care of the whole Ghwtfh br the Lord." and that he. as ScxMa l\»tiff, directs his care to all shurehes (uai»etsis Keetesiis curam i»p*&detek; a&d; that every bishop is stt^jeot to kim," nemo quis ei episeopus ttOtt sit." It was n the exercise of this plenary iansiktioa that Gregory solemnly wmrfted Jtoha-Patriarek as he was of the imperial See of Constantinople—in these^^isi*e terms—"Also, if you retuse to arnead, t forbade kirn to celebrate Mass with your fraternity, in order that I might first strike your koKsess with skame» but with the »te»tH» that if this wieked and impious vMBittot be eared by shame, I may prveeed to seme measures aeeordins to the Oa»o*&" (K(k, t\ e. 18, SS). What row become of Cwwa Butter's I am sure he must hire forgotten the wadtl admfesk* of a great Austwaa autkwRty—Mr. Patsaw. who, in his treatise "0« tk* » reply to iWwetV exposure thinks ke "may »My a«ow** tkat the argument from ^mayat^ beeoameiag — b e " Aai, row, before tke &ual; attack, I mow of the 0*Ws stts^ag skete. The reference to the fttHi** jtftm** in Kx?i«*<i kas lost its tmset by Mo^eqaeat use aitd exposure. Some mo» setrt eoBtribtttwa to tke CK*ti**itT theory might be expected torn a ekmrcfcmau of Caw* IViter s ( etJ^fetei There a» sore meaaories , wi*k tke «**skah&*kmeat of tke I OwhoSc Hieearcky in ia 1850 wh&k; i wwtW tke Cmou to be to He beasts a tke to^M^a of Okurek aad people twenty yews after its eaaetwent, pe««Ette4 Aet of Partia. ttt^ttt k«B»wfli« Tif J&ettewfttUs; B«tt tke C*aq* towettt of obloquy w«k tke Auc^aft Ckuw?k of the day. teoflk^e AM^MAA^ of Ctttetbwry to tke most ofcsire* Ike The fiJpiia n«g wt>k wild dfaaaciatoas of omytkms tike OkuwA koM« m*st wwec*. It waa wsinwwirt yafewfd bytkos* teNe^tw ttstt Ouv&vkt; Wis*. te ttilw^ Aiek aivw Joka Heaty mt. From toieratioa kt»d keawa mate »igal *a the gart of m IX. Ae t^tkoke ^ ^ & 89T, kj Ita^tk S ^ m ite tke Jttfe* IW iftk a s ^ ymker ot tk* Victoria »tt»ehed her iiRnntur® <0 tho Dill on the Font of St. X'oior in Chain*. I now come to consider the only matters of moment contained in Canon , Potter's last utterance, namely, the arRUment for Continuity from the possession,! on the part of the Anglican Church, of the temporalities of the pre-Keforaiation Chnroh of England, and the complaint that instead of relying on the authority of the formularies of the An«lioan Church, the Book of Common Prayer, Ordinal, Artioles, etc., I have only Adopted the interpretation of thorn given to the world by such representative men as HS' IT. Pr. Perowne, i urunin?, the vuo Rev, , Mr. . *. Pocock, u™»i Dr. Child, and others whom I have eit*d. j I am sincerely glad that we have now | some clear, definite matter to discuss, | 1 T _.„ j i.i and I undertake to satisfy any reason •ble mind that neither the argument nor the complaint of Canon Potter is well founded. There is only one regret that t entertain. lain, nameif, that in going back ™™ to w» the mo origin of these Formularies, and in re- | vealiog the character of their authors, and Uie meaning and spirit^ which they j iufused into them,I Tiiay giv^pauhno matter how reBrraftlly. to tnwjf whoml would not willjftgiy embarrass or offend. First, then, reffardihg the f^poialii ties of the An^icab Church, Cation Potter puts his case in this way :-p" She holds property nbw which was given to the Anglican Church in the "days of : Kthelbert of Kent, nearly 500 years before the Norman Conquest, . . . If she is not the same Church, th^ property must have been transferred to her, either lawfully or unlawfully. I suppose that is clear. Where is the us. evidence of the transfer P There was a great deal of property taken from the Church in those days and transferred to other parties. And of such transfers plenty of evidence remains. But where fs the evidence of any transfer of property to a new Church invented in the six. teenth century P Nowhere. I have given the argument in Canon ' Potter's own words, as I am anxious to do it full justice, It is not. a new argument. I £ have met with it. often before. It is an argument which, with a worldly-minded man who wishes to have his title deeds carefully preserved for his own and his children's benefit, has a certain amount of selfish attractive, aess. But as applied to the continuity of the Anglieaa Churoh, which must depend on the continuity, not of lands, but of doctnno, worship, and govern- " -J" v- , ^f 0 *' The Churoh lands which w«® taken from the Catholic bishops at the Reformation were subsequently appropriated to other purposes. One part went to replenish the exhausted eoftew of a rapacious king or queen. Another part weat to bribe the greedy aobles as the price> of thwr adhesion to the principles of the Reformation. These nobles, benton their own and their families aggranduemeat, t.KJk care to secure tke church lands by kavrng legal conveyances duly made to tkem. The remaining poriion of the Ohureh lands was left attached to the hnghsh sees for Church purposes. «s held by them for their liveV only, or. more correctly speaking, during thwr ( ^ k a v ^ a m L so ^ ben. , ^la tkese oaset, as tho lauds were allowed to matin permanently attached to the sees, ao tegal tranfer wis needed, Kaek arehbiskop or biakop enjoyed the use of them o/his appointment to his see. Tke legal appoJufeSat, therefore, of an Auglieau gavo kim a legal ri^t to tho enjoyment erf the temporalities of his see durhg kis life. It was quite dig^ent with the nobles. They acquired, or, at least, aoueht to acquire, personal property ia tke Ckurek Uudswhick fell totherf share. They desired to transmit these lauds to their ekMrea aad 10 their ekildre ^ children.« And, aeeonUarfy. a legal transfer » title deed* wew absaiut^ neoeasary to tkeir see*riiy. Caaoa Potter tkiaks that he has found, ia tke recent debate ia the Imperial IVriMuaeat oa tke Welsh Ckurek Disestahlkkmsat . - - Kwamsat Btll, uat, a eaafirmatioa eaafirmattoa of « his «w eoaiiauity argutaeat. Bat j a l5Ue tearaiag is a ^uf«e««M tking, I aad a loo cursory pera^al of a newspaper report is apt to lead cm rate aen^as m<4*MNrekeasioav Tke Oawm quote* Mr. Asquitk as eoatrov^ag tke alatemeat ^ Lord Robbery thai "it the ri^kt of iade(ea»b)e aad aaeieat prv%perty tNti wuwkece ia mts,a«t witk tke Reformer bat with Ike Ramaa Catkol>w. H aad w deayi ng that aay Aet at M M J ^ ^ ^ M traa»fem4 tke ea^wmaaU of tke Cferek «t R»<ae te tke OtawA StK Awtaitk e^«a<he« kia owa e^ tia^v^MY to McjwiMt ta leave to S T I K S & r ^ A aaly tke ^ratnXwi^ cceated ow, it the» be mj foroe te ttw eon. nwity theory, the DuoRtabliRhed Church f Wiles would luve a much stronger, eoause an older, claim to rrivate enowments bestowed in primitive And ediroval times. A^mb, the Uanon has quite overlooked the important fact, that one of the strongest contention* of the Government of which Lord Bosebery is the head oomplotely upsets the continuity theory. Thus:— Mr. G. Russell, though anxious to support his chief, the Home Sooretary, said—"The break at the Reformation, which we all admit, was, in my view, rather rAtlicr a doctrinal rtorrctnaf. than innn a h structural luruiHumi one. j it »pp P rtaineA to the doctrine of the Church of England rather than to the framework of her organisation. I believe the tliA present ^Mtisnt; Archbishop of Canterbury may claim to be the direct descendant of Augustino and Cranmer " —not, of course, as Mr. Russell freely admits, beoause he teaohes the same faith, and holds the same doctrines as "" his Cathoho predecessors, but because he occupies the same see. Mr. Russell explained that the Governdid not feel concerned to defend Bny particular year as being theoretically correPt one, and then used these remarkable words—'" Tho essential thing is this—The Church will be allowed to retain all that has been given to her by private donors since she h*s been tlieo. louioally and spiritually what she is sow. Surely no candid oritio can deny that the theological ohange made by the Reformation was a significant and pro. found one. Surely the Thirty-nine Articles embodied an entirely different system of theolosy from that which pre- Tailed in the pre.Reformation Church j and I cannot convince myself that the persons who made gifts to the Ohureh in medisval times would have bequeathed their land had they known that, as a bodv, the Church was about to rebel against the See of Peter." Mr. Balfour, the leader of her Malpsty's OppoVition. did "not rest the claim .i.^L Jt of the *>.« Anglican A n)>n*nt> ohnroh tn to tt>» the old nia endowments __ on such a foundation as the continuity theory. He took the lower, imt }jne, m which he h«d been « ut ioipatea by Mr. Matthews, of resting the claim on a prescription of 300 years, 4 ,, SIljd, 1 the existing (jhuroh derived some rights from the w nse 0f this property P I say that ^ the Reformation period the Churoh )md und 0 ubted possession of this ^ - _> ever in tho formularies by which it is sorprnodt Why are 300 years to be too j itMefor the Churoh of England when 8 ^ K Nonconfor^ist body ? Aot-W»s passed in 18, u that wrSsenfbrmist W l whioh cijbld show undisputed J enj 0 Tmei)t . of an endowm.ent for years sh^u1 d h6ld it for ever ^thoui depute, Rnd Uip mpn jQ w) k0Se bfiUft that Aot xym8 d wh(l cam(> - ^ House suppliant*, and requested th*t an net of ghouW ^ now urR0 Uiat 300 J , Mr8 of undou bted possession are Bot ^ffieieBt to guarantee the Churoh of KllftUttd in Wales against spoliation." « » few eommon-srose "^nceymlw . ^ t ^ S t t«toryarenoi " ®«. e *h»eh, considered of some i»porttt«». has entirely disappeared;. It w too nT ^.d nr Ke^rmatiw. On «*d»ng \h* defenoc of the Chiuvh Defeuce j you would im»K ne that Mcary VUI. never «ist<sd, A»t MwmJ mmo > » r > ^ blessed memory ne^r hved, w,i that Kuaabeth never |*rtoa««a*, as far as Church and htato concerned, have di»ap^»red t™n <he «c«^ a^ftSHS to toe Ohureh "d Sut* »n the m%ttwd ^ ^ « - ** particularly. Bverytking i» just as it was before, and tke Churoh of to-d»v is exactly the Church of the period War* Reformatioa ia doctrine, w discipline, aad ia toe whole relation with tke State. ; "V-; „T".T ," j~ i^ h^tte «« A coanauity there was certainly between tke two, but it was aet a continuity ia those things ia which tke life and e&seneeof; the Churoh arefonnd. It was a continuity of tke eadowiaeaU «f Oatkolie times, which tke State had seised, af tke kaildiags used for public worship, of tke titles of the diocesan «eea,a»d of tike prelates wko ruled ia tkem. It was a i f I e<atinai^,Jnasmack aa It was ree^tatsed by the Stat*. It was a «netenal eoatiaaity, iaasmuek itreuia*d Mhe laads gives for Oatke- £fieparpoees. (MTfteees. Ii l» was a aaw^Mt/ »*miml ocotiau»ty ecotiauity meJeiV, except ia as far as tke fuafascatolartkiMcf tkeCkriMka «•»«*» and the shadow of the ancient ritual were rot (lined, It wax, in a word, continuity neither of faith nor of oharity. Sobism breaks the hood of charity ; heresy breaks the bond of faith. When these bonds are broken the spiritual life of a Churoh is extinct. It may, of course, be regained ermanently, or only for a time, as E appened in England during Mary's reign, whon on 30th November, 1664, both Houses of Parliament received absolution from Cardinal Pole, the Papal Legate, and England was reconciled to the unity of tho Church and the communion of the Holy See. It might br lost and regained not once, but several times, in the same country, provided that tho conditions of forfeiture and recovery are present. In tho quotation which I gave in «y ilit^ address Dr. Child was oirefuf to O^aUfttftion t« this reconciliation under Mary.wH'tn he Bays that, with the exce^ion' of' " a short interval between the rcoortailiktion tinder Mary and KlizabetU'a firsVjrarliament, the Church of England has heen severed from, and exctnmfiuhicaiod by, the great body of the Catholio Church." Canon Potter has, therefore, by ignoring the plain statement of Dr. Child, discovered a difficulty in the aotion of Cardinal Pole, which in truth oreates no difficulty at all. Let us grant, then, th«t there is a continuity, but it is the continuity, an someone has snid, of a stepmother taking a mother's place; or, as another writes, of the cuckoo's brood in tho eagle's nest. It all depends on what is meant by the word. No one denies that ThomaB Cranmer was callcd Archbishop of Canterbury as William Warham was; or ftfathew Parker as Reginald Pole. No one denies that it pleased the Sovereign and the Parliament of England to treat Cranmer and Parker in many respects as Warhnm and Pole were treated before them. And there was once in England a body calling itself Ecclesia Anglicana, which obeyed the Pone, and believed in the Sacrifice of the Maes, and in Transubstantiation ; and afterwards there was a body that did not obey tho Pope, and rejected Mass and Transubstantiation, and called these snored things hard names, and this body was also called Ecclesia Anglicana. Are they the same P The difference was so great that while all Christendom was in intimate communion with the one, it would have nothing to do with the other. The difference was such that members of this latter Ecclma Anglicana put men to death for believing and practising what that former Ecclesia Anglicana believed and practised. The difference was essential, radical, substantial. The same name was used. Thus there was a sort of apparent continuity; but the thing was not the same, and there was no real continuity. The sovereign of England is still "Defendor of the Faith." The Aroh bishops of Canterbury retain the pallium in their armorial bearings—a perpetual memento of the pallium sent from Rome to Canterbury from the days of St. Augustine to those of Pole. (Seo The Month, March, 1891) King George the Third was still styled " King of Prance." The Lord Cnanoellor, though a layman, is still " Keeper of the Queen's Conscience." But in these, just as in the case of the Anglioan Ctiuroh, the continuity is simply a verbal one. And Canon Potter suggests a most decisive proof of the purely verbal character of this continuity. He commiu himself to this representation of history. " You have an unbroken succession of Archbishops of Canterbury all through the disputed period. War. h*m died and Cranmer succeeded him; Cranmer was burnt and Pole succeeded him; Pole died and Parker sueoeeded him. Each was oonsecratcd according to the Nieene Canon by three episcopal eonseorators at least. . . . Each was the successor of St. Augustine exoept on one theory," which, as he explains, requires "the leave of the Pope" for the eonseoration of a bishop. Canon Potter has to'd us that unqualified submission to the Roman Pontiff is tho barrier that separates the Anglican Church from the Catholic, or, as he would put it, the Soman Churoh. We shall see how far the words I hate guoted from him will bear examination in the light of his own statement, and the historic evidence I shall now adduce. Of the four Archbishops mentioned by Canon Potter, Warham and Pole represented the old, Cranmer and Parker the new religion. Archbishop Warham died in 1532. On his death-bed he made this proteat, " In the name of God, Amem. We, William, by Divine Providenqe, Archbishop of Canterbury. Primate j»f all England, Legate of the Apoetolio See, hereby publicly and expressly do ote at for ourselves, and for our na|y B etropolitab Church of Canterbury, * that bo to any statute i» m passed, or hereaftpr began on the 3rd day of November, 1629, and continued until this present time, in BO far as suoh statute or statutes be in derogation of the Pope of Rome, or the Apostolio See, or be to the hurl, prejudice, or limitation of the powers of (he said Churoh, or shall tend to the subverting, or enervating, derogatory from, or diminishing the laws, ouitoms, privileges of tho Metropolitan Churoh of Csnterbury; wo neither will, nor intend, nor with dear conscience are we able to consent to the same; but by these writings we do dissent from, refuse, and oontradiot them. "I have performed my duty to the king, to the realm, and to the Church of Christ; and now, full of hope, I am ready to appear before the Supreme Jurigo to account for my stewardship." The venerable prelate had good reason to put on rcoord his loyalty to the Roman See, for he saw the dark cloud that was thickening over the ancient Church of England. He knew that high promotion was awaiting Anne Boleyn's chaplain, and it must have been with a heavy heart that he gave this.prophetio advice* to his nephew and god-son, Sir William Warham:—"If after his death any should succeed in that see oalled Thomas, lie should in nowise serve him or seek his favonr or acquaintance, for there shall, saith he, one of that name shortly enjoy this see, that shall, as much by his vicious living as wicked heresies, dishonour, waste, and des-roy the same, and the whole Ohitrch of England, as ever the blessed bishop and martyr, St. Thomas, did before beautify, bless, adorn, and honour the same." On Reginald Pole there is no need to dwajl. His loyalty to the Roman See is told in his titles of Cardinal and Papal Legate, and in his opposition to the innovations, under Henry VIII. When the tyrant could not reach the son, he wreaked his vengeance on the aged mother and tho venerable Countess of Salisbury, who was, after Henry's own children, the nearest to him in blood, and was put to death for the crime of having corresponded with her own son, and of having received some Papal dispensations. Cardinal Pole in Mary's reign absolved both Houses of Parliament, and reconciled England to the Communion of the Roman See. Let us now turn to the two representatives of the new religion, Cranmer and Parker, and see how far they were in doctrinal and corporate union with Warham and Pole. In an article in the Saturday Review, 25th July, 1S63, which is commonly attributed to Mr. Pooock, a lurid lifght is thrown upon Cranmer's dealings with the Sovereign Pontiff. If Mr. Pocock did not write the artiole, he thoroughly endorses the estimate the writer forms of Henry's Primate. For Cranmer's dishonourable connection with the divorce of Henry from his lawful and virtuous wife, Catherine of Arragon, I refer Canon Potter to the articles in the same Rcriew, 18th July, 1868, entitled "John Poynetj" 10th March, 1860, on " Mary Boleyn and also to Poeock "Records of the Reformation " And in the July artiole he will find some further damaging evidence on the same unsavoury subject. In his " Troubles of the Prayer Book of 1649," Mr. Pocook makes passing reference to " the compliant temper of the -ATChWshop, who was content to celebrate the offi&gf; the Mass at the very time when he believed it to be idolatrous and blasphemous,land who, having passed through the pljafe of Lutheranism, settled down into), the phase of Zwinglianism, which is represented in the second Prayer Book of 1652." But it is with his oath of allegianoe to the Holy See I am now concerned, and Mr. Pooock does not hesitate to write thus :— "Of course, it would be possible to defend the breaking of an oath after it had been made, by the altered circumstances of the ehange of view of the party who takes the oath. . . . Unfortunately, in the ease of the oath taken by Cranmer at his oonsecration then is no loophole of this kind. It was what, in a court of justioe in the present day, would be oalled perjury. It was neither more nor less than this, that he privately professed, before certain witnesses, that he would not be bound by the oath, which, in his name and with hia entire acquiescence, was made by hit deputy at Rome to the Pope, who waa in utter ignoranoe of the whole transaction, which did not, indeed, take plaee till after the oath had been tendered at Rome. The Pope's Bull, dated 22nd February, 1633, suspends both him and his oonieorators from all eeolesiastioal dignity in oat* he does not personally take the oath of obedience to himself. Of oourie, Cranmer Would have much preferred to dispense with the oath altogether, and no <ieubt his three eonseorators would bate made no factious opposition to a«eh » FnfemM <Utoiw ot Bvurj V1U, MJdCuthOftB a proceeding if the King would for a moment have countenanced such a departure from the ordinary routine. But on 30th Mar oh, the day of his eonseoration, he publicly took the oath, and privately protested beforehand that he would not be bound by its provisions. It has been disputed whether this protest was repeated after the consecration; but this point is unimportant to the charge of perjury, whioh consists in obtaining the Bull from Rome under false pretences." To show how history is written, and what conclusions prejudice can draw from the clearest evidence, Mr. Pooock contrasts the judgments of the Anglioan bishop, Burner, with the Catholio priest, Lingard. •• On this point—the violation of his oath to the Holy See—we eon. olude with quoting 9 single, sentence from Bishop Burnet, and anot&sr; from Dr. Lingard. The former says—\lf he did not wholly save his ititegrtyys vet it is plain he intended no vhedt, hup Jo net fairly and above-board.' The,Roman Catholic historian's view of the^matter is expressed in the words—! Oaths cease to offer any seourity if their meaning may be qualified by previous protestations made without the knowledge of the party who is principally interested.'" And it is plain that Mr. Pocook, or whoever is the writer in the Saturday Review, thoroughly endorses Dr. Lingard's opinion. After dealing with the many hases in Cranmer's careor, ho sums up g is life—" Unless the faots we have alleged can be disproved, hiB life was the life of a cowardly, time-serving hypocrite, a perjured person, and a traitor." But, perhaps Canon Potter will not accept this testimony, genuine historian thongh Pocook is, so I shall call his friend, Dr. Littledale, SB a witness. He will tell us that Cranmer was " the most infamous -personage in English history compared with whom John Plmntagen'ct and Henry Tudor have light shades in their characters;" and, again, he will witness that " Robespierre, Dantan, Marat . , . merit quite as much respect as Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer, and Jewell," and that these men were utterly unredeemed villains. Neither is Parker's character a very inviting one. This is the testimony Froude bears to his integrity:—"He left behind him enormous wealth, which had been accumulated, as is proved From a statement in the hand-writing of his successor, by the same unscrupulous practices which had brought about the first revolt against the Churoh. He had been corrupt in the distribution of his patronage, and he sold his interest with others. Every year he made profits by admitting children to the cure of souls for money. He used a graduated scale, in which the price for inducting an infant into a benefice varied with tho age, obildrcn under 11 not being inadmissible if the adequate fees were forthcoming."—Eng. His., vol. x., p. 410. It is needless to add that he was the mere creature of Elizabeth, and that he had no appointment from, and no connection with, Rome. Having disposed of Canon Potter's Temporalities and Continuity arguments, I proceed to examine the complaint, which he advances in the following terms:—He says—" If I wanted to know what the Church of Rome thought about herself where would I seek for information P Of oourse, in her own authoritative texts—the creed of Pope Pius, the Catechism of the Council of Trent, and the successive definitions of dootrine made by the Papal See." Yes, the Canon would be quite safe in gathering the teaching ot the Catholio Church from her authoritative texts and definitions For the Cliuroh abides by her definitions and her creeds, and would out off from her communion any of her members, however exalted or humble, who would pertinaciously reject any dootrine which they contain. But when the Canon oomplains that I gather the dootrine of the Anglioan Churoh from other souroes than " the Book of Common Prayer, the Ordinal, and the Articles, aid die Canons of Canterbury," he forget* the essential difference there is between the Catholio and Anglioan standards of belief. I regret to have to inform him that I have many a time gone to these sources of information, but only to marvel at tho endless variety of belief and praotiee whioh they have produoed among Anglicans. Every student of English history knows that when Heniy VIEt. ascended the throne one form of belief found universal acceptance. After 800 years of separation from the Centre of Unity wo find no fewer than 870 seats have been offieially registered in England. How many of these sects we there who do not take refuge under the shelter of the Book of Common Prayer, or of the Ordinal, or of the Articlee, j» of the Canons of Canterbury t . Howem a* Oaaoci Pott* inw*» *n an appeal| to these authorities. I am re* luotantly compelled to go back to the origin of these standards of Anglioan belief, and to consider how widely different was the meaning whioh their authors attached to them from that whioh Canon Potter deduces from them. Canon Potter refers me to the Preface of the Anglican Ordinal published in 1662, in which these word* are found—" It is evident onto men diligently reading the holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the apostles' time there have been these orders of miniiters in Christ's Chnroh, bishops, priests, and deacons." And, then he adds, that the dooument goes on to provide for the making, ordaining, and consecrating of biahops, priests, and deaoons, and enacts that no one shall hold suoh office unless he be so made, ordained, or conseorated. As Canon Potter attaches 80 much importance to the Preface and text of the Ordinal, and oomplains so demonstratively of my overlooking them, I will now devote to them somewhat lengthened consideration. It did not need the statement of the Preface to assure us that in prC'Reformation times, back to the Apostolio age, the three orders of bishops, priests, and deacons had been inviolably preserved in the Churoh. But whether this holds true of the Anglioan Churoh in post Reformation times, we must gather not from the mere letter of the Prcfaoe or that of the Ordinal, but, as in the case of her other formularies, from the authoritative interpretation of her most representative biahops and writers, whose office was surely to explain as wfill as to guard her dootrine. And, fortunately, we have the mo t indisputable evidence of the meaning attached to the words by those who were mainly responsible for the compilation of the Ordinal. Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, the chief author of the Anglican Ordinal, absolutely denied the necessity of episcopal consecration, and maintained that, both fbr priests and bishops, simple appointment, or election, mas sufficient. Questioned by Henry VIII. on this very subjeot (question 9), Cranmer answered—" All tne said officers (bishops, parsons, vicari.'and suoh other priests as be appointed bf hitf ij\gha«a to that ministration), be appointed,.assigned, and eleoted, and in every"placel byfthe laws of kings and princes. >t»7the admission of these offioersc^be divers oomely ceremonies and tojjsflanities used, whioh be not of necessity, but only for a good order and seemly fashion: for, if such offices and ministrations were committed without such solemnity, they were nevertheless truly committed, and there is no more promise of God's grace given in the committing of the Ecclesiastical Office, than it ism the committing of the Civil Office," Further questioned.—(Question 11.)— Whether a bishop hath authority to make a priest by the Scripture or no P And whether any other but only a bishop may make a priest P Cranmer replied— A bishop may make a priest by Sortpture, and so may princes and governors also, and that by the authority of God oommitted them, and the people alio by their eleotion. (Question 12.)—Whether in the New Testament be required any consecration of a bishop and priest, or only appointing to the offioe be sufficient P Cranmer answered—" In the New Testament, he that is appointed to be a bishop or (a priest, needeth no consecration by the Scriptures, for election or appointment thereunto is sufficient." Bishop Barlow naid:—It the King's grace, being supreme head of the Church of England, did choose, denominate, and eleot any layman (being learned) to be a bishop, that he so chosen (without mention being made of any orders) should be aB good a bishop as he is, or the beat in England. Cox, whos» answers may be seon in the Limbeth MSS., 1108, fol. 1118, is as outspoken as Cranmer. Sandy 8, afterwards Archbishop of York, absolutely denies the existence of any priesthood in the New Dispensation, exoept a spiritual one. In these testimonies we have the mind of the compiler* of the Ordinal, and their views were consistently held by Anglioan bishops for more than half a century. From 1662 to the reign of Charles L then was not an Anglican bishop to raise his voice agatuai the violent suppression of the Christian priesthood. We begin with Parker. Elieabeth'sfirst Arohbtkhop of Canterbury. He deemed •lection and appointment sufficient to oonfer the priesthood 0* episoepate Without ordination or consecration j 10 that a Bishop-elect can exercise the functions of a Bishop validly, and thus h»W that holy order is not essential to the validity of •acramebts, bat only a matter of ooeleaiaitieal regulation and propriety. Skit is the inevitablo conclusion from Jewell i letter <e Parker regarding Lancaster, who, thouffk only Arnht>i«hop-olrrt of Armagh, had already ordained a number of clergymen. , , .. Hammond, OommiM»ryJo the 3)(*Rnery of Arohex, an ofllcial of Whitgift, KIikhbethan Archbishop of Canterbury, and therefore a most excellent witno8N of the lair and theology of the age, Rives thin testimony!—-"The bishop* of our realm do not (as far an I have ever yet heard), nor may not, claim to thomsolvoR any other authority than in given them by the statute of Henry VIII., recited in the first year of her Majesty's reign, or by othor statutes of this laud; neither is it reasonable that they should make other claims, for if it had pleased her Majesty, with the wisdom qf this realm, to have mod no bishops at nil, we could not have complained justly if any dqfret in our Chtireh or \f' it had liked them to limit tin authority if bishops to a shorter term, they might not hare said they had any wrong," Hooker felt that A claim to nnhrohen Apostolical succession would be fatal to tbe Anglican Church, so he declared, " We are not simply without erection to urge a lineal descent from the Apostles by continued succession of bishops in every effeotual ordination." He admitted the power of the Church to take away the episcopal government, for tho reason that it existed " by foroe of custom and not l>y Divine appointment." And on the question of Orders he expressly said " There may be some time very jdat and sufllrirnt reason to allow ordi• nation made without a bishop." This might happen, hi> added, " when the Church must needs have some ordained, and neither hath nor can have possibly a bishop to ordain." How little Hooker really believed in the necessity of opiscopal ordination is evident from his action on his bod of death. He sent for his friend, Sara via, who had never received episcopal ordination, and from this man's unconsented hands J10 received those sacramental rites wliioh Oanon Potter, I presume, Would nflrijt Saravia had lio power to oonfer. I instance Hooker because his bltfie is held in great eatoem by High Churchmen. Bancroft, Archbishop of Canterbury, says:—"Where bishops oould not be had, the ordination given by presbyters mvfl be esteemed lauflil, otherwise that it might be doubted (f there were any lawful novation in most of thet]tefbrmeil Churches" Whittaker, head of St. John's College, Cambridge, 1605, writes Providing their elections be lawful, wo do not eoncern {ourselves about the ordination of our bishops. Where ordination «ihnot be had, the same |»rm»s that have authority to name bishops haee also authority to ordain them," l» Fulke, head of Pembroke College, Cambridge, 1680, is most outspoken. Addressing Oalholios, he says" You are highly deceived (if yon think) wo esteem your ollloes of bishops, priests, and dcacons better than laymen, , . . With all our hearts we abhor, detest, and spit at. your . . . anti-Christian Orders." Laud is pre-eminently the High Church champion—for he it was who, as Mr. Pocook assures us, first tried to infuse a Catholic spirit into tho Anglican body, but Laud cannot bo said, in any true sense, to have believed in the necessity of episcopal orders. He agreed with Bishop Montague that in a easo of necessity a riest can ordain, In tho " History of Jis Troubles" he wrote:—"In Sweden they retain both the thing and the name j and the governors of their churches are, and are called, biahons, and among tho other Lutherans tho tuing is maintained, though not the name. For, instead of bishops, they are called superintendents, tnd, instead of archbishop!*, general superintendents, and yet, even here too, these words differ more in Round than in sense. Anglicans, at least those of the High Church School, are fond of sneering at the claims of Presbyterian and other nonconformist bodies to valid Orders, At the Birmingham Church Concess, referred to in the last lecture, 8to Anglican BUhop ofKdinburgh declared that if Dr. Perowne's proposal www carried out, " it would split the Ohuroh in two." Dr. Perowne s proposal amounted to this—that the Anglican Ohuroh should not urge her strict requirements about Orders, for some time at any rate, in the hope of bringing into her communion a great multitude of Dissenters, Mr. Gore, surely a representative High Churehman, emphasises the protest of the Anglican Bishop of Edinburgh. He asserted t— "We cannot admit aon.Quatormist ministers as 'validly ordained minister* of the Word and Sacraments,' If there »• torn* Anglicans who. with nothing but amiable motives, would desire to do this, I would ask them to consider are they seriously prepated, on their own principles, to nontomplatc a. stop which— whatever would lis gained by it—must inevitably cut them off from Communion with the whole of the vast proportion of Anglican Churchmcn in Britain, America, and the colonics taken together, who by no stretch of tho imagination can be oonocivcd as likely to nooopt the ministry of persons whom they believe to be not so rightly ordained as to admit of their celebrating a valid—secure —Eucharist? Oould the gain of such a measure, in the way of possible reunion, appreciably weigh against tho certain loss in the way of disunion and destruction of what, has already constituted tho Anglican glory P" But tho lending reformers were of a different opinion from Mr. Gore. To begin with the testimony of tirindal, the immediate successor of Parker in the Archbishopric of Canterbury—wlnm JJIisaheth, as head of the Anglican Church, temporarily suspended without trial. Ho authorised a " Scotch Presbyterian minister to preach and administer the Sacraments in any part of the province of Canterbury." Aubrey, Vicar-General of Canterbury during Grindal's suspension, licensed ono John Morrison, A Scotchman, to oslebrate Divine service, to administer Sacraments, and to preach anywhere in the province of Canterbury. Andrews is a name for High Churchmen to oonjnro with. Yet Andrews administered the Anglican Ssornment to Cassubon, a Swiss Calvinist. When King James resolved to establish prelacy in Scotland Andrews w«a one of the three Anglican bishops who consecrated, without ordination, three Presliytorinn ministers for the nowly-mado diooescs of Glasgow, Brechin, and Galloway. Bishop Oosin was a thorough High Churchman. He had been elm plain to Overall, Bishop of Norwich, whose name is revered by High Churchmcn, and he was a most prominent member of the Laudian party, whose troubles ho shared. Ho tells that Overall was wont to say that " we must take heed that wo do not, for want of episcopacy . . . run down tho Informed Churches and say they have neither ministers nor sacraments." This is Cosin's statement as regards him. self:—" If any minister so ordained (by the Presbyterian form) in these French churohcB camc to incorporate himself in ours, and to reoeive a public cliargo or euro of souls among us >n the Church of England, as I have known some qf them to have done of late, and can instance in many others ntfbre my time, our bishops did not re-ordain him before they admitted him to his charge, as they would ave done if his former ordination in rance had been void. Nor did our aws require tuoro of him than to delare his public consent to the religion eoeived amongst us, and to subscribe he articles established." (Letter to ordcl.l I could go on calling witness after witness, piling testimony upon testimony, hut I would only weary you with tho monotony of the evidence. Tho simple truth is that Apostolical Succession was treated as a jest by High Church and Low Church, till in the middle of the seventeenth century Dissontcrs began to dispute tbe Anglican pretensions to supremacy, and then there was a sudden rush to tho defence of orders that, for two generations, had been a mockery and a scorn. But the teaching of tho early lleforinera oould not be easily got riu of. It has been leavening the minds of Anglican divines. And, as a consequence, we have Apostolical succession denied by the most prominent bishops of the Anglican Ohuroh in the nineteenth century, as it had been denied in the oarly days uf tho Information period. The eloquent Anglican Bishop Heber put his belief on record. " Were I to return to Germany," he said, " I would again, as before, humbly and thankfully avail myself of the preaching andnaoramental ordinance of the Lutheran Kvangelieal Church." Finally, in the year the Anglican Archbishop of York and the Anglican Binhopof Winchester publicly ministered in a Presbyterian Ohuroh, thus confirm, ing the declaration of Bishop Hall that there is no difference in any essential matter betwixt tho Church of Kugland and her sisters of the Reformation. Dr. Hawkins, head of Oriel College, Oxford, preached, in 184S, at the consecration of the Bishop of Chichester, and this sermon was printed «rt mmmnnd of the then Archbishop ot Canterbury. "The Ohuroh of Kugland," says Dr. Hawkins, " carefully abstain! from asserting that the apostolical order which she preserved is *t*mti*i to the tuiag of a church, . . . Htr ttmHumU e»*cer*>*f *tkt ehmvA,' * ministering Me tutmrtAi*H* <f wtafetov ore Hwerf c**fM»**<v that tAty oppiy H {m*** •«• w« ministry of any Ghureh~n«y, mift rem apply to congregation* if Separatists who had 'conscientious grounds their separation, And this wo arc wont to SNvrilte, perhaps, lo the grest ohsrity and moiiernlion of tho Church of Kngland, Yet, would it really have deserved these excellent names had the great and good men, to whom we owe her articles and her polity, been, indeed, convinced that her orders were essential to Chrifitianity, and episcopacy necessary to tho vory efficacy of the blessed Hscramcntsr lUthor let us say that they did wol declare this doctrine heed use they did not livlicvpittohetrue. , , . Tbisnppears to be the true reason why the ueocssitf of »ny npostolical succcssion cannot bo maintained." J)r. Klliot, Dean of Bristol, tells us "theSifitli Article repudiates it as a fie* Hon altogether that- God hss . . . annexed' peculiar grace and authority to tho imi>0Mti<m of hands successively rom the apostles, or to any other rbitrary form of ordination whatever. Apostolical succession forsooth 1 Klisabetlt well know what her bishops thought of it, and she appraised them at the value tliey put upon themselve«. I11 her angry moods she used to call tiiera " hedge-bishops," and spoko of themAS men whom she bad " frooked," and whom, if she oared, she "would unfrock." Froude, who was never yet charged with partiality towards Catholics, tells us that " while ruling tho Clergy with a rod of iron, and refusing as sternly as her father to tolerate their pretensions to independence, she desired to force upon them a special and semi-mysterious character; to dress them up as counterfeits of the Catholic hierarchy 1 and half in deference, half in contempt, compel them to assume the name ana character of a priesthood which both she and they, in their heart of hearts, know to bo an illusion and a dream." "The bishops," writes Mr. Froude, " with whom she has illled the sees at her ascension, were chosen necessarily from the party who had suffered under her sister. They were Calvinists or Lutherans, with no special reverence for tho ofllco which they had undertaken, and site treated them in return with studied contempt. She called them doctors, as the highest title to which she considered them to have any real right { if they disputed her pleasure she threatened to unfrock them; if they showed themselves oftlcious in punishing Catholics she brought them up with a sharp reprimand; and if their Protestantism was conspicuously earnest they were deposed and imprisoned." - Canon Potter says fiat not one in teh housand has liesrd of Mr. Pooock.' ell, ho will hardly repeat this of AJr. Froude, who makes the same accusation gainst the Klisabethan Anglican bishops in almost the samo words. " The Bishops themselves," sayg tho latter, " lived as if hey knew their day to be a short one, nd mado the most of their opportunities hile they lasted. Soandalous dilapiations, destruction of woods, waste of tho property of the sees by beneficial leases, each incumbent enriching himself and his family at the expense of his successors; this is the substantial history f the Anglican hierarchy, with a few honourable exceptions, for tho flr*t wenty years of its existence." The contrast between ftlixaheth'a episcopal intruders, and the imprisoned or txiled Catholic bishops of her reign, draws the following eloquent testimony from Mr. Froude t—" A Catholic bishop holds his nfllee by a tenure, untouched by the accidents of time. Dynasties may change, nations may lode their liberties, tho firm fabric of society itself may he swept away in the torrent of revolution, but the Gatholio prelate remains at his post; but when he dies another takes his placc t and when the waters sink again into their beds, the quiet figure is seen standing where it stood before, the person perhaps changed, the thing itself rooted like a oek on the adamantine basements of the world. The Anglican hierarchy, far unlike its rival, was the child of comulsion and compromise j it drew ts life from Kliaabeth'a throne, and, ad Kliaabeth fallen, it would har« rumbled into sand, The Church of ngland was a limb lopped oft from the atholic* trunk 5 it was cut away from he stream by which its vascular system ad been fed; and the life of it, as an ndependent and corporate existence, was one for over. But it had been taken up nd grafted on the State, It not what it ad been, it could retain the form ot hat it had been, the form which made t respectable, without the power which ade it dangerous. The image, in its ut ward aspect, oould be made to ecus espond with the parent treat astf fo tai* Me it neewMwy t* mvMt fc l**e etAerf, «* wwiwi < 4(»ett)e»," Canon Potter refers to tho Book of Common Prayer. I read there, in "The Ministration of Publio Bsptlsm of Infants to be used in the t'huroli, this doctrine—" None can enter into the Kingdom of God exoeut he be regenerate and born anew of Water and the Holy Ghost." And again-" It s oertain by God's word that children which are baptised, dying before they commit actual sin, are undoubtedly saved." This seems quite \- • -- 1 — »>>tuvinviui|| but Csnon Potter must explain away the Gorham judgment,, by which the Queen, the Spiritual Head of Anglican, ism, acting on the advice of her Privy Council in the year of Graoe I860, declared that this doctrine mny he or may be ryertet by 'orthodox Anglicsui. Again, I find in "The Order for tho Visitation of the Sick" this direction—" Here shall the siok person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscionco troubled With "any weighty matter,r After wliioh '(^nffcisioii the priest/shall absolve, him (if he humbly and heartily' desire it) ^sftfer this sort. Our fyora Jesus Christ, who liath left power to His Church ,toJAsolve all inners who truly repent and believe in im, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences. And by His authority ommitted to me I absolve thee front ll thy sins. In the name of the Father, nd of the Sc.n, and of the Holy Ghost, men." No doubt I find this power claimed by a host of Anglican divines. Cranmer ssys—" When God's ministers give you absolution, then vou shall so esteem as if Christ Himself in His own person did speak and minister to you. . . . He hath given the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven and the authority to forgive sins to the ministers of His Church $ let him that is a sinner go to one of them, let him acknowledge and confess his sin, and pray him no will give him absolution. ' 1 Parker, in his" Art icles of Visitation," 15(17, regards it as a heresy to deny that "mortal or voluntarily sins,committed after baptism, be not remissible in Penance." And these words of the Fathers of the Reformation are repeated in the writings of Bishop Andrewes, Bishop Daily,llishop Downame, Bishop Montagu, Bishop Hall, Bishop Jeremy Taylor, Bishop Cosin, Bishop Home, Bishop Sparrow, Dr, Barrow, l)r, Hole, Dr. Fiddcs, Dr. Becon, Dr. Crakanthnrp, and thus on to the leaders of the Oxford movement, 80 much for the teaching of the Book of Common Prayer and of those Angliean divines who accept, it in its plain and obvious sense. But, on the other hand, what language can describe the foul invective that rings from Anglican pulpit, >latform, and press against this divine fnstitution, and its preservation by the Catholic Church P Agftin, as Oanon Potter hsd referred to the mutilated Sacrament of the Altar, I was anxious to know what he meant by tho Sacrament, of the Altar. He is, however, too cautious to commit himself beyond a bare, reference to the words of the Church Catechism, in which, as he says, "the Sacrament is called by the scriptural and catholic name of the " Supper of the Lord." But hen*, onee more, the same diversity of belief and practice is, unfortunately, too much in evidence amongst Anglicans, for whilst some firmly believe in the Ileal Pretenoe of our Blessed Lord m the adorable Sscrament, others just as firmly believe in His real absence. The faith of the former finds loving expression in the writings of such men as Bishop Beveridge, who*e words find echo in every genuine Catholic heart—" How can I by faith behold my Saviour coming unto me," he cries, "and offering to me His own Body ana Blood, and not fall down and worship Him ¥" And is there any tiling a Catholic heart can desiderate in these statements of the Angliean Bishop Forbes Chrilt in the Kucharist is to he adored with divine worship, inasmuch, as His living and glorified Body is present therein." And again—"Those rigid Protestants who deny that we should adore Christ in the Kucharist, or say that we should only adore Him internally and mentally, not with any external sign ot adoration, such as bending the knee, or some other bodily movement, are guilty ot a monstrous error, Such persons are commonly heterodox on the doctrine of Christ's presence in the Sacrament a^togathwN To condemn as unlawful that external adoration which nil CAWtfi*** Me wry time tf Ms f tmttes have paid ia receiving the Kuehamt is the very extreme ot rashwas and presumption." With aU my heart X rejoice that I ean «a amy other repreeeatat offer tb» tribute of their warmest effect lion to the hidden God of the Eucharist, But, oh, there in a dark (tide to the picture 1 From other representative blessing. But I will not dwell upon the horrid blasphemies that ring from many » Protestant pulpit, and are embedded in many an Anglican thoolopy, KgMinnt this •weetest pledge of the Redeemer's love. And now we are oome to the auprema crisis in tho life of the Oatholio Church in Bngland. In 1568 Elisabeth ascended the throne. 8he wan crowned according to the Oatholio ritual, but there was little doubt what course the daughter of Anne Boleyn would pursue. 8he had been scarce ten weeks on the throne when she opened her Parliament in lerson, and her ministers brought jorward the acts of Supremacy and f/wt'/Wmi/v. , . , „ By the one she abrogated the jurisdiction of the Tope in Kngland, and gave to the Orown the ecclesiastical jurisdic. tion assumed by Henry VIII. and Edward VI. By the other she authorised the Reformed Prayer Book of Kdward VI. (1652). with some slight changes, to be used in Divine Service and the administration of -SadriHjMnta instead of the Catholic Itifhr#yl 1 '' : When the crisis came the hierarchy had been greatly weakened by ^deaths amongst its members. Of 'the twentysix dioceses, ten were vacant. But it is the glory of the KnRlish GhurcK" that her bishops, in and out of Parliament, were found faithful to their trust. In Parliament such of them as had scats voted to a man against these measures. Heath, Archbishop of York, spoke for hii brethren. He boldly declared-—" If by this relinquishing of the See of Home there were none other matter than a withdrawing of our obedience from the Pope's person, Paul, the fourth of that name, which hath declared himself to be a very austere, stern father to us, ever since liis first entrance into Peter's chair, then the cause were not of such great importance, as it is in very deed, when, by the relinquishing and forsaking of the See of Borne, we must forsake and flee from these four things; 1«<, all general oouneils; all canonical and ecclesiastical lawi of the Church of Christ; Srrf, the judgment of all other Christian rinees 5 and, 4M, we must forsake and See the unity of the Christisn Church, and, by leaping out of 8t. Peter's ship. ha*ar<i ourselves to be overwhelmed and drowned in the waters of schisms, scots, and divisions." Oat of Parliament they assembled in their meeting of Convocation. Never did men play a nobler part. They assuredly rose to the occasion. Scorning every danger, they placed on record this declaration of their faith, which, placed alongside the innovations of the time-serving Reformers, utterly confutes the modern pretensions of Anclieanism to a Continuity of doctrine and discipline with the ancient English Clwreh, winch Augustine planted at. the bidding of the aeknowle" fledged Father of Western Christendom." DK0M.TUT10N OP ART1CI.K3 OP AN01,1- ratrn madr IIT . CAN I1KI.1ISF AS ATritOYHU «Y CMNVOOAYION 11Y PAR- TUB RNCH.U-iH CA TltOUO "iiisiioi-s, me. ^ MAMKNT IN IMS, AND HATIl'lKl) 4IY ANlil.lOAN CONVO- CATUiNSOMKYNA.Ua All'KWWAHHs. 1\. *Tha* In tlw« I. " The J^y ol CUrtat, mH r!t \h» Altar b,v li Pirn. »»«tMto». Ol.rlrt duly •potan t\\.« »>\ IwaWly m|iI «pirit»» Wlwl, U really wvswt, manner. Awl tlie me»a wliwlvy tlw Italy of 2nd wtaa. tlw natural Christ t» wrlvml mH »Syef uhrMwmwlwl in the S«w*r i* trtito Ylruln Mm-}; tiial l-'ftUli. tea. ».TraiwalwtantUtton wmatn *he »«b»U«w of wawwei Uwwt »i»l Win*} toSTft w wlms nw wvv i« tlw snprerrtr the MtatiMM*, WMttMjwvod l>y Holy mill" Ui thP l'l»l« wwdl of tlinttMtt«*of»S»orftiUMit, IMl huth flvfu omwlo-i to WW WlwmiUmiA," S. "That t« thf M»» l» ^ " WhpMwv UwttovioftVl \u> ttw lUvly flew of to tin* niaMi »KYtniUkWury mo* n > that tn« 1™ ntu * Bnrt «hoilMvt.tolinw IV- WtMo« of »*ln W BHilt ww iiiaapittmoui nthhw Mlvt lUn^Ilm" • "That to Bt»t*« 4 "TlwlUlhnjMf AVi*- JMHUWI WK w lmH»«U>'ttau ju Sh, m Ohrirt. w bm evvw ohttwh^ Qhrtrt ^mm^attthwrttyw ' O* 1 ! VU- «mm» UivVt* olitsf Lulout'Ut U of thU mini. Of Otvtt. tu all tvf\hU )>«r- U.v«. ^ to ^ BBU Ụ w M»y tflwlfl* ' Jttrtfctteltw." WttWft* itv B «f Oommou J^w. Kttebw, of Lwdaft. wai tha only Utholio bishop la Eliaabtth's rci*n who In any way yielded. He was an old. weak man, yet he never took the oath of supremacy. The other bishops were deprived of their Sees, and imprisoned for the rest of their lives. It i« the habit to represent their imprison- I ment a* a gentle restraint 1 but Fr. Bridgett, in his " History of the Oatholio Bishops in Elizabeth's Reign," goes to the original documents—as is hn custom—and proves that their imprisonment was a most rigorous one. Canon Potter says that the supremacy of the Pope is the Rreat difficulty in the efforts towards a re-union of Christendom. Catholics accept this doctrine on t'*e authority of Holy Scripture, and on the unr itmous testimony of the early Fathers. The Canon had to go hack 1700 years to find anything in the semblance of ohjectim to it. rerhnps he would give us some proof, whether from Scripture or the Fathers, in support of that extra, ordinary article of Anglican faith, via., the spiritual supremacy of Klieal>eth TNDOR! I have now done my humble duty in defending the Catholic Church from an attack as undignified as it was unprovoked, If in this defence it should appear to anyone that I have in any way exceeded that careful moderation which charity requires, I would ask him to remember the provocation that was given, and the difficulty of defending an institution rudely ascailed, without giving some offence to those who are prcjudicod against it. But, now that my work is done, I can heartily join in 0>111 on Potter's prayer— that God may grant to all to sec the truth, and, freeing, to love and embrace it. And on this proRt Pentecostal Feast may we not. all join our voices with the voice of the Father of Christendom, and ask that the English people, so rich in historic associations, so distinguished for many natural virtnes, so ecalous for justice and truth, so attached to the Soe of Peter for moro than 1000 years. . •» devoted to the Virgin Mother as to earn for England |ihe title of " Mary's Dowry," may once more walk in the old \- - 41._ -Hah 17mAIM lllrd ways ( so that their great) Empire, like the Empire of the Romans of old, may be used by God as a fitting instrument for tlie conversion and sanctification of the nations. 