J OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The tariff debate, like tariff discussions generally, are in doomed to be interminable. The bill was expected to reach the report stage long before this, but it still drags its weary length along, and the public are getting about full up of the same everlasting subject. Partridge in a very good dish, and in the first Amir of the season the full breasted well browned beauties are enough to ant a gourmet's mouth watering. But toujours perdrix is apt to grow monotonous, and would call on the taste even of G. A. S. or his feeble copy the veracious VaN The Parliamentary partridge has in fact called on the taste of the members, and last week's work was chiefly devoted to blocking proposed amendments Still they show little hurry to got through. Last week they finished on Wednesday evening early, because the municipal elections followed next day. This week they will do ditto, because Thursday U the vice- regal day at the Royal Agricultural Show. Two d Rye, equal to about 12 hours per week, does not strike one as being particularly exhaustive of political energy, however great may be the strain on public patience and when you come to consider what we are paying for it, the idea is suggested that in these days of keen competition we ought to get more for our money.' Touching the business done Tuesday was drawn a dead blank, a big negative covering the whole programme, and on Wednesday the one item altered was by imposing 15 per cent, in scattered photographic paper, hitherto free, The thing was sprung on the House as a surprise, and everyone was ignorant of the subject. But there are motions about it, and it will certainly be challenged on report. The House adjourned when discussing a proposal to exempt tea, now paying 3d. per lb,, which is certain to be defeated. It may be mentioned that there is a clear disposition on the part of many members to go for" revenue sterns that the clearer necessity may appear for the imposition of a land tax. One most amusing little incident of the general tunic is worthy of note, Mr. Murray-Smith and Mr Trenwith are the respective freetrade and high tariff cham blood of the Chamber, They are the A J hills and Rector of the fiscal fray. Tourville in the character which better than the latter M a general thing?, but in his constant sitting with his freetrade opponent he is acquiring a temperance, a skill, and address which splendidly testifies to the force of example. Mr. Murray Smith proposed to put paint brushes on the tree hat. Mr. Trenwith besought him to hold his hand, to be merciful to the unfortunate working-man, to have bowels of compassion for the hapless sons of tell, and to paste ever be blighted the bristles of every local manufacturer. He ran through the whole gamut of Trades-hall argument, but his opponent was obdurate. I be Home was equally stony hearted. The proposal was accepted, and the tribune of the tradesmen sank back in his seat quivering with aup proceed emotion. He quivered a bit more, and to did all Melbourne, but with a different kind of emotion, when the members of the Painters Colon root in the Trades-hall, and not only passed a resolution thanking Mr. Murray-Smith for his action, but absolutely requesting Mr. Trenwith to support him when the bill reaches its further stage. Well may Mr. Trenwith exclaim with Falstaff : "A plague on all cowards say I and a vengeance too : marry and amen. Call you that a backing of your friends i A plague upon such backing " The mention of the municipal elections above reminds me that they were not worthy for three things. First, there was the nasty jar the Trades-hall party received in so democratic centre as North Melbourne, they had decided to capture the Council, and started a candidate for each ward, Mr. G, Prendergast, M.L.A., Mr. Barker, and Mr. Polglase, and they were badly beaten by nearly a two to one vote. The second case had respect to Malvern, a populous southern suburb, where another illustration was supplied that if adversity makes you acquainted with strange bedfellows, politics allies you with equally strange helpers. We have recently had the example of the alliance of the Church and the betting ring to defeat the Tote Bill, and the Malvern coalition was the equally startling one of the prohibitionists and the publicans, the teetotal troops and the Guzzleier Guards to beat the single bottle grocer's license clause. of course In neither case could the enemy stand against this combination by the use gold with the race bad, and the Malvern grocer must for the future sell no less than two gallons, This will, at any rate, remove ttm Irishman's objection to the Imperial quart whiskey bottle, that " it was a foolish' sort of a concern, because it held a drop too much for one, and not enough for two." The third case had also a kind of bibulous complexion, since it was the relapse of St. Kilda from a state of grace to one of normal unregenerate, from a carbonic acid condition of high- toned mayoral morality to mere vicious vulgarity, and from an elevating and exhilarating regime to tea, toast, and water to one of demoralising and depressing champagne cups Briefly, after a 12 months' trial of Mr. Coomber's-, a conscientious, total-abstaining Mayor, the councillors decided upon reverting to one possessing more commonly adopted habits of absorption, and all because Mr. Conni here's name was an utter misnomer in that there was no "sure" about him whatever. At any rate, they prefer to take their beer spelt differently, and so the St. Kilda soda water interregnum has closed. 1 he only follows the former experience on the same subject of the adjoining city Prahran, when, for a twelvemonth, the councillors and ratepayers stood a course of aerated waters at the hands of Mayor Maddocks, The result in one case was a note from a prominent citizen declining to attend a mayoral festivity on the ground that his tailor's bill would not run it, us on the morning after the last soda water soiree he had not a garment that would fit him but his umbrella. Touobiug festivities, the most general topic of converse lost in Melbourne just now is the magnificent manner in which Sir John Madden is discharging his duty as a vice-regal entertainer of Her Majesty's lieges. It is well for Lord Brassey that he has a long purse, for if he desires to over take the Madden popularity and brilliancy, Sir John in setting him a pretty stiff go, Without question, if the colonies were allowed to choose their own Governors, Sir John would at this present time have no rival in the running with him, and as a local product ho daua us all infinite credit. he took the gubernatorial character well ; he dresses it positively regardless of expense, and he mounts the whole drama with an evident determination to spare no coat in securing the appropriate brilliancy of ti.n miss ed scene. And he is politic withal. The candidate for parliamentary honours knows full well what advantage follows kissing the baby. (Please note that I do not mean " kissing the baby " in the sense commonly understood by your parliamentary frequenters of Heathorn's and the Orient ) Sir John is also fully conscious of the feminine influence setting towards the fortunate who can adroitly tickle maternal vanity through attention to the olive branches, and he has just got off a children's fancy dress ball unparalleled in Melbourne for its glorified gorgeously. It was numerously attended by children of older growth, and the whole function has proved what the Americans figuratively call " a big thing on ice." Sir John looked a *'Guv."-»ye, every inch a *' Guv.," in black velvet Court suit and ruffled, dress sword, silk hose, and ailrer-buokled shoon. Lady Madden called back a vanished century as the beautiful and unhappy Marie Antionette, while her elder daughter constituted the Royal household of France before the Feast of Pike's had prepared the way for a still more bloody banquet. The terpsichorean feature of the bill was a floral arrangment by a Melbourne lady, which was pronounced, not to speak, what a Frenchman would call a coup dail magnifique. The archaic feature was certainly Sir William Clarke, Bart., in his old uniform of the Victorian Yeomanry' Cavalry, familiar to those who have pictures of the opening of Princes bridge, 1850. The corps was disbanded in the early sixties, and the reappearance of its ghost-at Government House last Friday night recalled memories which provided the soldiers with unlimited subject for i on- j vexation, and that is no slight advantage in the matter of carrying through a successful social function. Verily, for all the deprivation it is entailing on us, Lord Brassey might defer his advent indefinitely. Another function during the week has been the unusual one of a parliamentary presentation to an ou taid er, namely of a gold watch to Deputy Chief Officer O'Brien for his gallant conduct in his recovery of Superintendent Gee from the hold of the burning Hilaria. The presentation was made in the Queen's-hall by the President of the Council (Sir William Zeal), whose re- marks were endorsed by the Speaker of the Assembly. Sir Graham Berry, and the front of recognising in this unusual manner a deed of unrivalled heroism has been endorsed by the full weight of public approval. About the Hilaria, the men Lindley and Ben was arranged on the finding of the coroner's jury for setting fire to the vessel, were presented for trial on Friday, but the Crown was not prepared to go on, it being necessary to make certain in quiries in America. A postponement for a month was therefore applied for, and, of course, strongly opposed, but after reserving judgment to thoroughly consider the matter, Judge Hood has adjourned the case to the next sitting of the Court, granting light bail. A week or two ago I told you of a Ballarat case in which a commission agent named Book had disappeared 14 years ago, six months after he was married, began?, according to report, he feared prosecuted for misappropriating parents. Having lost trace of him for all these years, and there being money due to him under the will of his mother and his grandfather, who had died in the interval, his wife applied for letters of administration and obtained the necessary order, when a week later the deserter wrote announcing that he was alive in Queensland. This of course hung up the administration, and his virtual resurrection, was felt to be an even greater wrong to his wife than his original desertion. But she is scoring.' She obtained a magistrate's order 10 years ago for £10 per month maintenance. Of course it was no good while the state was locked up, but now that it is released by the reappearance of the runaway, she has sued for and obtained a verdict for the arrears. On behalf of the defendant, the Bench was asked to grant a month to give him time to appear personally, but the Bench was of opinion that in 14 years ample time had already been given for his personal appearance and refused the adjournment, though execution be stayed for that period. The shooting of the 'Tantanoola tiger, whose last point of appearance up to the time of his South Australian demise was Mount Macedon, has not lifted an immense weight from the anxious breast of agitated Melbourne, because he never agitated us to any extent worth mentioning. Still, it is satisfactory to know that an animal has been caught which was apparently as slippery as a State surplus, and now, when we capture the Euroa bunyip, we shall be satisfied. That the tiger turns out to be towels add a new element to, if it does not increase, the general mystification. And yet there should be little surprise about the matter when you think how persistently that gaunt lupins marauder has stood at the door of Australian homes almost innumerable over the past few years. If he now proves to be finally disposed of There will go up from thankful fleur is one mighty Lauf Deo ! With which will be coupled a hearty God bless Thomas Donovan. And may his eye on rifle sight to evermore as true As when to put our troubles right, That felon wolf who slow. The lecture boom still continues, and the celebrated Bostonian, Joseph Cook, is to be the next Smytheaian introduction., The much travelled has certainly made his selections wisely, and each of the gentlemen who have appeared under his management have attracted and held public interest. This fact is responsible for a little incident which occurred at ChristChurch, South Yarra, no Sunday, night last. The Rev. Haweis was announced to preach on his return from New Zealand via Sydney, and the church was packed to suffocation by those who had heard him preach and lecture previously. The sea of upturned faces therefore presented every varying shade of disappoint- ment-from pathetic resignation to deep drjectinn-when the Rev. Tucker, the incumbent, announced that the vessel had reached Sydney too late for Mr. Haweis to reach them that night, and he, the speaker, would therefore preach as usual. Now Mr, Tucker is a pulpit orator of a decidedly dia stressful order of merit. and when in course of his sermon on '' Spiritual weariness in well-doing " he improved the occasion by referring to the spiritual weariness of those who only come to church to hear someone neatly gifted preacher, and when disappointed were unable to resist the depressing effect, it is asserted that no words from the same lips ever sank into the hearts of his hearers with greater weight of soulful on viction. Mark Twain is to follow Joseph Cook. The ladies of the Advanced Brigade are making themselves rather prominent just now, used to assist their propaganda have hit on the idea of holding meetings in the centres of mixed population, such as Collingwood, Richmond, Prahran, etc., but they have apparently entered upon the campaign without counting the co it. These advance) ladies desire to jump the masculine claim, to jostle him out of possession, and in various other directions to push the male monster from his stool, while still retaining every advantage of the deference they now expect and exact on account of their femininity. In short they want to be him with all the privileges of women, forgetting that as rivals and competitors they will have to forego these special privileges. So it happened that when Miss Janet Michie', daughter of Sir Archibald, began to fire off her i remarks on an unsympathetic or over critical Prahran crowd, they vigilantly interjected " That's not true," " What Tommy rot," "Oh, give us a rest," and so forth, whereupon the lady asserted they were no gentlemen, and even went so far as to call them larrikins and he di ima. An uproar ensued, during which the lady Peter, d, and now while Prahran's laughing over the incident, Miss Janet Michie, is deliberating over the lessonS in grol manners and propriety who intends to reach those laughs when she and her sister suffragists give law to the land. 