METHODIST CHURCH UNION DEMONSTRATION AT WESLEY CHURCH. AN ENORMOUS GATHERING. " . SPEECH BY CHIEF JUSTICE WAY. An enormous assemblage of people gathered together in Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, last evening to take part in a demonstration organised for the purpose of affirming the desirability of a union amongst the different branches or Methodism in Australasia being established, the outlines of such a scheme having been already formulated by the governing powers of each body. A large number of representative Methodist ministers occupied seats on the platform, and His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor of South Australia, Chief Justice Way), occupied the chair, " After devotions, the CHAiRMAN delivered an address in support of the proposed union At present the basis of union which had been formulated had been rejected by only one of the conferences to which it was submitted, namely, the Primitive Methodist Conference of New Zealand, Still their friends in New Zealand were really ahead of Methodists in Australia, for they had passed a resolution deciding that the time for union should be during next year Methodist union had now advanced beyond the theoretical to the practical stage, and was the acknowledged policy of every branch. the Federal Council of the Methodist Churches had done wisely in summoning that great meeting for the purpose of declaring that behind the movement they had not merely the resolutions of their representative conferences, but the great heart of Methodism determined to build up their divided churches into one great fabric. ( Applause ) Methodists w to originally one people in all the world, and in seeking now to make them one people all over Australasia the work in which they were engaged was a restoration and not a revolt non (Applause) There were no doctrinal differences to be overcome, for during the 100 years that had elapsed since Wesley s death there had never been a division of any permanence upon doctrinal grounds. The st cessions which had happened had all been upon questions of church government, and were traceable to the fact that the constitution of Methodism, which succeeded the autocracy of Wesley a rule, did not sufficiently adapt itself to the liberal ideas of the nineteenth century and the craving of the British race for representative of Insti- tutions (Applause ) in Australia at the present time there were three separate Methodist organisations in some of the colonies and tour in others, but when the minor Methodists established their missions in Australia 43 or CO years ago they were separated from the parent body by obstacles that were not insurmountable They came here because the religious necessities of the place were beyond the resources not only of the Wesleyan Methodists, but also of all the other Christian workers on the spot It was apparent to all that each body of Methodists did grand and useful work the want of a common organisation and of a common plan had been caused by a diminished population in the once flourishing districts If in some cases denominational rivalry had somewhat outrun a sound discretion, the good which had been done was far beyond all the drawbacks by which it had been accompanied, and each branch of Methodism had fully vindicated its existence and its mission It was not a time to discuss in detail the terms of the basis which had been formulated that basis had been scrutinised by ministers and laymen in all parts of Australia who were unsurpassed in their knowledge of the necessities of the case and in their loyalty to the denomina- tions to which they belonged As far as he could gather the great alteration which would be effected by the adoption of that basis would he an alteration in the name only of each denomination All would become simply "Methodist," which was the name that Wesley bequeathed to them and which was their legal name in 1 England today. '1 turning from term to substance, they had occasion to be grateful that the proposed basis, while maintaining the historical associations and the identity of the parent church of Methodism, had secured to the churches which were united with her the precious privileges which belonged to them during the years in which they had a separate existence. Among the principal advantages to be derived from the adoption of the union was the simplification of executive functions Une connectional system necessitated a central executive or administrative body Yl ith four denominations four such agencies were required, but united Methodism would only require one (ApVtnuse.) I" he second place, overlapping by different denominations of Methodism in rural districts would be prevented, and there would be co- operation instead of competition among the different Methodist schools and colleges Methodism would never descend to being a political weapon, but there were certain ethical questions upon which it was expedient that Metho- dists should be able to speak with a united voice. Lastly, the formation of a union meant increased evangelical zealand a vast increase to the membership of the church, according to the experience of the church in Canada It was said that the people would not follow their ministers in adopting the union, but he could not believe, him. Then the bogey of the denominational debts was raised. In this connection he would point out that the assets of the Wesleyan church were 70 per cent more in value than their liabilities, which the assets of the minor Methodists were more by Ot per cent than their liabilities. (Applause.) The union of llictwo would simply strengthen theirhnnneial position-(nnplanac)-and there were wise men among them able to devise a scheme for consolidating their debts by which a reduction of interest would be secured, while the flaunted liberality and the gratitude of the Methodist people would speedily inundate all their liabilities (Applause ) 'I, ie ministers who would be thrown out of employment by the adoption of the proposed union would receive work in the new hilda of missionary enterprise which would be open ed up The two great branches of Methodism in America, the northern and southern churches, which had been rent asunder by the terrible question of slavery, were now being brought together, and that meeting should send to them the encouragement not only of Australasian" sympathy but of Australasian examples. Applause ). The Rev. W, H. l'lTOHFTi, president of the Wesleyan Conference, moved the following resolution 4. "That this meeting recognises with devout grate two to God the spread of the brunt of union among! all branches of the Methodist Church, the successful evolution of organic union in Canada. and the accent nice of the constitutional basis of union by the various Methodist denominations in Australia. This meeting: further affirmed its belief that great moral and spiritual ndiantne,cH would follow Methodist union in these colonies, and its confidence that under the guidance and blessing of Almighty God and practical ditllcuhles jet remaining will be really 01 croome It further declares itself strongly in favour of the organic union of the Methodist matinees in Victoria and Tasmania, and prays that such union has) he speedily consumed stated That meeting was a great historic occasion, and there were those yet unborn whose whole lives would be influenced by the forces coming from it. 'The movement had behind it the approval of men of all churches, and Methodists had now an opportunity of cancelling the blunders of the past which they must not let slip. They needed no more arguments in support of union or facts with regard to it. What they wanted was the driving power of sentiment and the momentum of great zeal. The ghosts of old quarrels, of the quarrels not of their fathers but of their grandfathers, kept their churches asunder, and it was time that these ghosts were laid without hope of any resurrection. (Hear, hear ) Until comparatively recently the Hilvanan, the AVurtemberger, and the Saxon stood separate from each other , the Italian was a Neapolitan, or a citizen of the Papal states, before the unification of the German states, before the foundation of united Italy, these men were strangers to each other, and it took the shock of historical events to bring them to a consciousness of an Imperial Germany and a united Italy). They had to climb up to that position. Methodists, however, had climbed down from unity to disintegration, but were now going to climb up again, (Applause.) The basis which had been formulated gave them all that Beaconsfield brought back from the Berlin conference, "Peace with honour." (Applause.) The adoption of the union would greatly lessen expense During the last 30 years the Wesleyan Methodists had expended £650 000 in building churches, £400,000 coming out of their own pockets. During the same period the Primitive Metho- dists had spent £100,000, of which £70,000 came out of their own pockets. There were at least 500 Methodist churches ? too many in this colony, and they had cost on an average £000 a-piece. '1 For the last 17 years they had been declining and passing resolutions. The time had now come for Mum to transform (here because their faith into action, to declare with one accord that the union should be consummated and Methodism be one (Applause ) Mr. J S Larke delegate from the Government of the Dominion of Canada, was introduced by His Excellency the Lieut Governor of South Australia, and was received with great enthusiasm He seconded the previous speakers motion The Methodism of Canada came from two diverse sources, from Great Britain and from the United States both lived together in peace for a time, but presently the evils of the divergency main rested themselves After the union of the Canadian states in 1867, the old gospel preachers among the Methodists began to say to themselves, " verily the politicians, those sons of Belial, have done a good thing- j (laughter) and the children of darkness me as ever in their generation than the children of light' (Laughter) So they bestirred themselves to emulate the union which the poll ticians had made, and in 1861 the Methodist Churches of Camilla were united Methodist Union in Canada had been an enormous success. It was to be presumed that it would be an equally great success in Australia I (Hear, hear ) And it the Canadians had succeeded in bringing it about surely the Aus ! tralians could do the same (Applause ) In Canada they had a system of education which had never been examined without a admiration, and it was founded and administered by a Methodist clergyman In Canada, too, missionary enterprise had been a powerful factor in dealing with the Indians in the United States the armed soldier was sent among the Indians, and massacre after massacre marked his path, but in Canada the missionary and the Bible went first, and the result was apparent in the happy and prosperous condition of the Canadian Indians as compart d with their American brethren 'The average Canadian Methodist if asked now what the objections to united Methodism in Canada had been, would be obliged to confess that he had forgotten many and that none amounted to much in the light of events The liner cial success which had attended the union was shown by the fact that in ten j earn the school and college property of the Methodist Church in Canada increased from 000 000 led to l,G00,000dol in value It was owing to Methodist effort in appealing to the Indians and half breeds and in pointing to the fate which had fallen upon their race in America, that the red men never raised a mile against a British soldier, and that Canada was still preserved to the British Crown at no more expense than that incurred in the maintenance of a single gunboat. (Applause ) Another result of the union was that the membership of the United Methodist Church had increased by 51 percent (Hear, hear.) He was a unionist He believed in the federation of labour and capital, in the federation of these Australian colonies, in the federation of the British Empire, and the federation of man (Applause ) No one could say when the war cloud in Europe would burst, but a new power had sprung up in a day, as it were, in the East, and already was a danger that menaced Australia. that danger would have to be met by the best legislation that God ever allowed men to make, and it would have to be legislation on active Christian principles. Convert the Japanese to Christianity and the danger would be met (Applause ) All the barriers to United Methodism and all the causes that kept up those divergencies in religion which did so much to foster atheism should be swept away, as they had been with such signal' benefits from the social and political, as well as from the religious, point of view in Canada. (Applause ) TheKev H I,iEvrnEHSiiAVvalso3pokeafew words on behalf of the Primitive Methodists in support of the union of Methodism The motion was carried unanimously His Excellency the Active Governor, who was received with great cheering, took the chair at this stage He said I could well wish to night that I might have parted from your meeting here simply by pressing the hand of your president as representing yourselves, because it is not well that my individuality should be thrust into the midst of your union tonight 'The enthusiasm which you have for the cause far and away overshadows any thing that I can say. There is also something of incongruity, because I am not a Methodist, and I therefore represent the fact of disunion It is a little embarrassing to find oneself the subject of cheers within the walls of this sacred pile for the first time, as I am told within Methodist walls However, I wish to thank you most earnestly, and to say that, while I am not a Methodist, I am the friend of every church (Applause ) The lies which appal you, Mr President, are the truths which sustain roe We have both, however, one great task before us We have undoubtedly the day already upon us when those who act in the holy name of freedom and liberty are seeking to do that which will take away that dependence on Him without whom no liberty and no freedom can exist. The days of Babel are gone, and people no longer attempt to build towers, from the height of which they may pluck God down from his kingdom in heaven, but the many tongues of Babel are abroad to day, and while they profess to teach the truth, and reach the minds of the unwary, the) are trying to pluck God out of their bosoms in the name of freedom It is there late well that all the churches, if they cannot unite, shall at least draw them selves together, so that on the day when the need arises they may together strike one goodly blow for God Let us all be free, but let our freedom never be bought by the sacrifice of that religious belief which above all things sustains mankind, and bears him to his home at last I thank you for your gracious reception of me, and I wish God's blessing on your movement and all the success which you can wish for (Ap plause ) On the motion of the Rev. S T. Withington, seconded by Mr H Richardson, a vote of thanks was accorded to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor of South Australia. A vote of thanks was also passed to Messrs W R Bennetts and T. Whitehead and the united choirs 'The proceedings then closed 