\- Out of Sight. "I didn't eco you at the masquer~ido hall, Jimpsou." "No; I w?etasagholt." The Bibllomaniac. "You Lhave a linU library; I sUp)tpoe you :cd s?groat dual " " No, 1 dou't. It takes all my timno nking the money to pay for thtse booke."--'uck. The Spur. She: " You n ill have to work hard if you sin her." The Poet: " 1'11 have to work harder if I dun't." Preparatory Discipline. "No, I'll not marry. I think 1'1l b0 :omo a Sister of Charity." "Ye:o don't know what that meons." " Don't J P tlaven't I sat up sith you every night from eight to one for three months P" A Parisian Creation. Mary had a little bunch Of silkt with feathers on it; 11er husbaed had to foot the bill For a fifty-sbilliue bonnet. -ll'ashintoaiNews. Didn't Escape. Inspector (at the penitentiary): "I uicn lerstnud that measles broee out three days ago." Warder: "Yes; hbut the guards caught them! " Iore Money In It. Mr'o. 1'oeticue: " Isn't this lihant a poem, dear? " l'otlicts (saly, as liheoo loo iat Ilte bill): "1 wish I could write tlha kind." Striok!ng a Babnon,,. Iariln : " Whiat on earth trn you wenr ilg your so'alskin coat in the house fir?" daiud: " Well, let sanid hII coutlda't alforld to buy it for ilme, oi naccout lc the qualuity of coal we uned. I'veogot the coat, tand 1 t econolesig onil the coal." No Dangor. Little Johnny :" May I hitch the (log to may sled aund ha'e lum pull ime ? " laother: " lin afraid he'll bite you." Little Johnny : " It's the other end I am going to hitchi."-- oodl Newes. At the Chemistry Exam. "Which is the best known insulator P " The Candidate (I young student, pale aid thin, with a bilious complexioa and a Eavogo look ahont hitm): "'overty, sirl" -LalliMonde Illlsitr. One Good Turn Deserves Another; Hatband : " l!nt I don't want to quit ehowieg tobacco." Wife : "I gave up my weerds for you, and I thinkl you may do the enaen for ue."-Kaoto Field's l'ashtinlgton. Over the Wire. ilo :" Is th'it you, AIias Iludd P Oh, all right. E--l1s yy, Itosalio. 1-I can't wait. You know how I love you; will you marry ame?" She: "Y-yes. (A pause.) Who nroyou? " Noedod It More " What are you doing around hero?" said tlie woman to the tramp who had got c:vertlhe fnoeojuist in tileo to oscnapo thel billdog. " Madlmn," ho sid, ivith dignity, 1" did intend to request somethin' toeat; but all I ask now is that, in the intorests of huimanity, you'll food that' dog." Ilnshinaglon Star, Their Health Food. 'eassels (the druggist): "IIi, there t' What's thu row?" Morteo (tile boy): "Matter 'nougl; heore's a lady wants six polnorth of inscct powder, quick, an' the cockroaches haIs o'b it all.." In Change Unchangod. Old hBaleo " I ace that you ladinilios are still like the ancient Velnues." Iri's. do Ilodo: "llow o ?" Old llacho "In the matter of fashions, yon are still ploasod withi th6 judgmenlt of Paris." How He Got Out of It. Wife: " fGeorige, I know' you will not it e it, hbut I will have to got you to stop it Lacy's ansd uatch this piece of goodn." Iusband (cuthuslastically) i " Not like it I Why, the girl that waits on that eolunter is the most bowitching, sweotest little anige I--" A Bad Blunder. Magazine Oflice-boy : "Oh, there's iren an awful thee up ill the editorial room to-day." Utsiness Man?nger: " Eh, what's the troubl?" Officoe.boy : "The janitor allde It mistake and pub thie'No. Admit taeco' sign fit thle subscription office. aedi ite ' Welcome' door-mat in front of the editor's root::." Something Useful. Mr. Suburb (on a cold day) : "ThaIt hack yard is o0o glare of ice, aed I unearly broke uly nook. Who's hooen uing the lhosu out there " " ri. aSuburb : " Little Georgio ?alked permission to wash tlhe carriage, aind Is it wis such n: ti unusuld thing for hint to want to tio e anythig seful, I told hint hl might." hMr. Suburbh: i "Iutuph! Ia wanted a toboggan elido." From Different Standpoints. Ethel t "Oh,nt List I It ls heon years. Alplhouso, I ites I saw you." AlphoIno: ' Oh, my own El el, it has been cent utrioa." Ethel's father (tip in ithe library), "lIag gie, who was that you julst lot i ?P " liag gio: "It was Mr. Cinilots, sir." ElheIl' lathler "Great gunil , this Is tme ninth time ho's been hero this week. lie might as weRl live here." Not the Same Chance for Mercy. Teacher: "Johnnie, do you think if you had cut down your father's cherry.tree youe would have told the truth about it? " ,lohnnlio (lowly): "No, I don't beliovn I would." Tl'eachlor: "WhVlit! Yoi would net tell ia falseboodP" Johnmio: (apolo gotirally) : "Well, man'am,yor sce, I don't Ibelieve Washington's fatIher wals just the alnlio sort of follow as mliinu." An Epitaph. Hern lies the chronic olllco-seorer, Michael '. McGlout, Who never sougiit a singlo platco.' lhlt that to was Ift out. ''iwas in the ImnIth of Aigust last, 'ITo iml- lIn.euutit'd diedi; Anl ilow hlvH ill tice otly plles For whih hie ni,'er appiled. A Narrow Esclapo. Iligo ': " I1ii quiii an accidlent in my traii tl.day. I wil jtust goig tLo tlakei out thlose salldwicles yI pitt uit for llo wtlell,i cvrsh! we shit'uck anttih r trlin." h'rs. liegti (aniiously) : " Was any one injuredl " ' liingo: "No. hUt thoso ael. wiclhes wiort teIl·lcolul,'." It Looloked SusaplclotS. " ChIrlio 1 lurdupllo haid acholli tii-ilty, They claiimeld tlhey did Inot a.te him."' !ouldd idoluify himself ? ..." "11 IpId two or throe Iills' muleo oitt i i H ItI l|." "Wtldn'tL the tellor accoelt tluOse a4t idit,. tillcnlio '" "No; they wirercceiplted." Might Spoil Ohannoa, i Nlaidoa (wliaporilng): " Is thai y(o|, ClGeorgo P " ouroulaldor (who hls hI II himiueg livte mtsic frOttI last 1till-hluut): "'Ahl 1 AthIte, tiy dilinimg, 'tic yoe! Yeu; 'tin yeor own ?leorge." Mnid?,n (Htill whin. poring) : " Well, Gi'orgi, wou'S out gm iwiay Ctharlio linditl is in lerl' nltI i iliout to Itrolposoe, tiand Ji if afid tyour ntltsie dliconcerts himt." An Irishl Argumeont. Moriarty I " Andt you ask four shlillingl a lox for chtrawhelrictii brcauase it's thel middle av winther, do yoz " " , alr r: "' Tht is juslt the rIeoin." ALt rIlrly I " Blcrm they oluglt; it lIlo esixpetleo IC box, tIlev." Iuelor:" Whyy " Norirly " JIlocauctla Ihey are not it llRnyoll. tulr., la't llti'lltLeo cc oCl chlyper In J uIly? A rrali, bit It's a robbor oez sll are, tand I'll buy no shtraiwhborrls till JHne, so I won't," 