ELEPHANTS ON" TR.TA1 ■ A correspondent to " Public Opinion," an English journal, writes"Elephants are very particular about their rights. For instance, when formed upon parade, the senior or longest serving elephant takes the right of the rank, the others forming up in succession according to their seniority, just like soldiers, the tallest mau always taking the right, the others forming on his left according to size. If, say, No. 9 elephant, by mis take or otherwise, formed up on the right of No. 7, elephants No. 7 nnd No. 8 would pnsh him bodily out of their wav. There is quite frequently a tremendous row in the ranks eceasioued by this sort of thing, and only stopped by the officer in : command shouting 'Attention!' There was one battery iu India of which I took particular notice, as I lay in. the same station with it for a long time; in fact I became just as well ac° quainted with the men and elephants as if I really belonged to the battery. It was known as the 1st battery of the 1st brigade of garrison artillery. We were; stationed at Campbellpore, near Bawul Hindi, Bengal. On one occasion I noticed, as the battery fell in as usual for .morning parade, a scuffle in the centre between two elephants, originating by No". 9 elephant forming up on the right hand side Sof No. 8 elephant. No. 8 objected to this, and by reigning back out of the ranks and pushing forward again jammed in between No. 9 and No. /, being particular to knock as roughly against No- 9 as possible. No. 9 mnner was angry and not easily pacified. He stud No. S gunner did it himself, and not the elephant. The consequence was a fierce fight. No. 9 proved more than a match for No. 8 and kept hittin<* him unmercifully, when No. 8 elephant, who bad lingered behind the other elephants apparently suspecting mischief, ran to - the rescue, and, picking1 JJo. 9 gunner up \vuth his trunk, threw him up into the air. He was afterward found in an unconscious condition and revived with difficulty, though practically unhurt. No S elephant was brought as a prisoner to tue: orderly room and charged with violent assault. It is a fact that in India elephants are tried and punished "by reducing: their diet, by terms of im prisonment _ or flogging, - all according to~ the merit of their crime* 44 Shortly after,, this I happened to he ap pointed a member of the court-martial ordered to assemble at Camphellpore for the purpose of trying Elephant Abdul (No. lo) for causing the death of Syce Bamboucles. This court-martial was certainly the most impressive one I ever witnessed. The prisoner, with eyes filled with tears, was marched in front of us between an escort composed of No. 2 and No. 3 elephants. Along with them came all the witnesses. The president of tbo court-martial was Major Cameron, a ' gray-haired man of : the Thirty-fourth Hogras Native Infantry, who had been for years in India. He read the charge :"" •' Elephant Abdul is charged with causing the death "of Syce Bamboucles by catching him by the legs inhis trunk, and beating his brains out against the wall of the grain hut.' The first witness called was Orderly Bombardier Boberts, who said he was in the liues at 12 o'clock seeing the elephants fed. When the trumpeter" sounded " feed," he saw Syce Bamboucles run with a ba°- of grain toward Elephant Abdul. Atthis time all the other elephants were fed, consequently Syce Bamboucles wa3 late -in feeding Elephaut Abdul. He, the bombardier, ordered the syce to hurry aud feed him, but ho did'not seem to move any quicker. As soon as he ap proached Elephaut Abdul seized him by the legs, and dashed his brains out against the little grain hut. Eight syces and the jeminoduh gave" similar state ments. When they had finished the president, who had kept his head down, the whole, time', with the elephant's defaulter-sheet in front' of him, suddenly looked up and glared at the. prisoner. Seeing the elephanl's'eyes swimming in tears, he said: 'It's no use j that game - won t do for me. I am quite accustomed' to see tears, andnever take any notice of theiu. I see by this defaulter-book'that you have been guilty of no fewer than sixteen crimes of injuring people, and I have not the slightest compassion' for you.' We members all agreed with the major, and, after a short adjournment, found Abdul guilty, and sentenced bim to; fifty, lashes and two years' imprisonment. When tbe elephant was marched back a prisoner he : roared, crying not iroin grief for having killed Bamboucles though, but for his own sake. He anticipated some severe punishment, especially , as he was marched to the - prison shed, whero only those who are awarded a long term of imprisonment are taken. Three days after this I was informed the flogging process would take place, and as I was very anxious to see how the gigantic Abdul would.stand his punishment, 1 resolved to be an eye witness to this painful though necessary mode of enforcing discipline. The whole thing struck me as being a most peculiar sight; but rendered very distressing, ' owing to Abdul's pitiful bowls'; but you could not help laughing occasionally at the comical actions of the flogger. When I arrived on the scene I found, the whole battery drawn up in a square,, fourteen , elephants-forming one side and the non commissioned officers hud men. the other three sides. In the centre were, tbe two huge elephants, the prisoner, Abdul; and bis flogger, Xalla; No. 1.r It always falls to the senior elephants' lot to inflict tbe punishment. Beside these two elephants all officers of the battery, the provosts, the brigadier, the major and the doctor, were in tho centre, and elephants Nos. 2 and 3 'stoqdi on either flank as an escort in ease .the prisoner "might .try to escape. Tlicre --were four great iron pegs driven -into - the ground, to each of which one of the yirisoner's legs was chained. Lalla, No." 1 elephant, stood by with a huge cable chain fastened around her-, trunk, waiting further orders. When all was pronounced ready the doctor;, who -stood with, a watch in his hand, gave the signal to begin. Xalla raised her trunk iu tbe air, gave it two or three turns and down came the cable with terrific force on Abdul's back. A loud thud was heard, followed by an unearthly roar from the unfortunate Abdul. Again the: doctor gave the signal and down came the cable with terrific force, causing move roaring. Again and again it came down,; until the/full number of lashes were given, after which the prisoner was marched back to bis quarters, trembling fro-n head to foot, and having a few, lumps on his. back as tho result of tbe lashing,: The parade was dismissed and things went oti as usual." - r Bishop Simpson preached some years ago in the Memorial Hall, Xondon. For. half an hour he spoke quietly, without gesticulation or uplifting of bis voice; then, picturing the Son of God hearing our sins in His own body on the tree, he stooped, as if laden with an immeasur able burden, and rising to his full height he seemed to throw it from him, crying : " How far f As fares the east is from the west, so far hath Ho removed our transgressions from us." The whole assembly, as if moved by an irresistible impulse, rose, remained standing for a second or two, then sunk back into their seats. A professor of elocution was there. A friend who observed hiuo, and knew thal he had come to criticise, asked him, when the service was over : " Well, what do yo-i think of the bishop's elocution ? " " Elocution "r " said he: "that man doesn't want elocution; he's got tbe Holy Ghost I" 