GENERAL'S STORY. ' Was I erar really frightened? WPTI,ytn, though not in the field. I bsve seen some lisnt fighting, u you know, but I think tlio affair I allude to «u the closest shave I ever hal. 1 wis studying law in Kew York at the time. One dsy as i sat in my offioe writing, the post roin brought Die a neatly-folded envelope bear ing my address. Aj I tore it open a faint odour of perfume filled the rami. Tbe contents of the letter, as near m I sail remember, wen aa follows ? Dear Friend,-Call tbr* eveniog at e?gb» 0 clock. 1 wmh to see you on *«me very particular business. l>o not fait me M. A. 9. To say that Y was mneb surprisui at tbe in* vitatiou Is a mild description of my feeling*. I bad known tbe writer only a few weeks. As she was what Dickens would call a mature young lady, and 1 was a men boy, uiir int*r« course bad natumily been *«ry limited. Wbat M particular buaineas " she wished to sea me about passed my comprehension. I thought of tbe matter all tbe afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, I wsa young and curious, and at tbe appointed Uma set out for tbe place indies ted in tbe letter, and with a nervous band palled tbe door-bell. After waiting for a few moments 1 beard foot* steps approaching. The doer was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before via, making a feature to indicate silence. Reselling out her hand sbs led me through tbe ball to a smsll room wbieb «a« enshroud#*), as was tbe ball itself, in the deepest darkness. In a whisper abe told me why she wivbed to consult me. " My sister/' she eaid, " is about to run awsy to-night to get married, Father is bitterly opposed to tbe match ; he if e very violent man, and keeps a pistol en bis table before him in the next room vowing to shoot ay sittoc'* torn it he dares to eater the boose. We think hem pec ts that this is the night appointed for tbe marriage, and is prepared to execute his pur* pose. We have done all we eenld to purify him, bat in vain. Be is in a terrible rajre." " Bat, my dear Miss Sandys," I said in some perturbation, " what hat ell this to do with me." *' We may need your protection : 1 toM slater I felt sure we oonld rely npon yon." " Voq are very complimentary* It werat to me, however, that in family matters, a stranger should not interfere.". " Ob, we don't consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton! I am sore you will net refuse to oblige us. Hash-I bear papa roofing. Ketp perfectly still in tbis room outil I csll yon." Thus saying she noiselessly disappeared, leaving me to my own rHtartinw, which were not, as may well be supposed, very jOetrnp, 1 could hear tbe heavy footsteps of the head of tbe family as he paced aneesriagly ebent tbe next room. I eoald bear tbe deep mutter* ing of his wrath as he called down maledictions on the head of his prospective son-in- law. As the time passed his wonts became blended to gether, indicating that be had been drinking heavily, and ones or twiee he staggered violent ly against the door, almost tanking ink* the room in which I sat. " Be will certainly burst the door m," t eaid to myself: "he will mistake me for feiwwti, and before he diseovets bis error I shall be slain,, and then it will be too late for me to prove my identify. I shall have died the death of a sup* posed burglar." Sera»l times I made up my mind to step oat of tbe room and escape; but ths footstep* of the infuriated father sounded dangerously near ; 1 was unacquainted with the bolts and and lock by which the front door was fastened, and did not think it was possible to remove them without making noise enough to start my vigil* ant neighbour on my track. How long I oontinned wrapped in my own Bn comfortable reflections I do not know. H seemed to be an age. I could almost Ihsst niv heart beat in tbe sombre stillness of that dark room, but the ceaseless tramp continued, aud the hours rolled on until I was in drspair, ami the cooviction foreed itself on my mind Ibatt should never get out of that house alive. At last I heard the rustling of a woman's dress near me, and tbe noise in the street of a past ing carriage, which appeared to stop oasr, Then a female voice said ' '. We are all ready. Make no noise, and follow me/' Silently, end as quick as possible, she led ma to the ball door,when the younger Him ttsndvs tremblingly stood. The felts were drawn, the key was turned in tbe loek, and in a sewnd we were ia tbe street, where Mr. Brown's carriage awaited us. For a man weighing two hundred sad fifty pounds Browo displayed a wonderful amount cf activity, lu less than two seconds ha had jump ed from his seat, kissed bis prospstttve wife fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from the sidewalk and placed heron the aeat be»lte him*' Miss 8audys and 1 quickly followed, amine time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity. Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be efa facetious turn of mind, introduced a new phase in the elopement v Addressing himself poin od ly to me, wbees acquaintanceship be hsd Just formed, he remarked ? "Coiut, Stanton, Sarah and myaalf are <r <«h; to get married, and it is a good time fur yew and May to follow suit. What do you think o! tbe idea ?" "Oh, Dick, don't!" giggkd Miss 8sady«u '* We never dreamed of such a tying wUi*n we started We only want to see you and Sarah safely through. Isn't that all, Mr. tftahton f she coquet* ikhly added. Here was a predicament fur a bashful b*v < f 19! How could 1 affront tbe young l.j refusing her hand ? And yet I felt I eonl a not marry her ; better tbe revolver from which I had just escaped than that! Fortunately for me. Brown did all tbe talking and now eeased urging the matter until Ibt I carriage stopped at tte minister's nsideno*, { where we all alighted. Just before we ucaal*) ed the steps he turned around and delivered hit I parting admonition 1 *' Now as soou as the minister 'completes Mu oaremonie* in our esse, you and May can slap forward and take our places, and in a few ibo> ments you will both be mads happy for hfn. Don't be afraid ; it will be eU right !** I suppose tbe man was joking ; he saw my ' trepidation, and wisbod to have a little fun at my expense. But to me tbe matter was a prim renlity. I have never been sentenced to csptol punishment, but 1 know 1 experienced, white saeending those steps, tbe exact eemstisa* of « 1 man who is about to monot the resffold, and 1 sees, for the first time, the rope by whkih hn la to he executed, I remember bow ay limb* 1 trembled, and feel eonnnoeO I looknd as whft* ) as ghosts are said to look,although ! faaT%&e;?w ' seen one. Side hy side Mira May and I followed ftwn aod hit prospective bride to (be mtniatat'a etariy. The solemn word a wwo |>conotH>«*cd which uuitod fcbem for ever, sod ere tbejr ten <D(j«| I made up my mind to eaoape before it waa km late. Tbe door being left open I retreated In baste without tbo formality of a farewell, and never stopped roaning antil 1 retched my ow» door. What Miss Sandy* tbonght of my flight 1do not knuw« as I nerrr nt her*ftarw»rd»; neither can I divine ber motive to ptftrinf ON who wa* almost a stranger to btr io each a Iff ing position. Yes, I plead nitty (obivi^ made a coward J j retreat at feaat com in any life ; anl yet-would any of yoa bare bees, 