Serial. The Captured Cunarder. (Continued.) ' They'll wish they never heard of Kilm a in ham before I'm through with some of them.' ' And the spayshee ! What about the spayshee ?' Cronin demanded. 'The specie, is it? replied O'Grady. ' See here now, Cronin 1 ! Do you take me for a thief that would hold up a train for •what might be in the safe ? Oh, specie will have to go to the bottom with the ships. I wouldn't touch a cent of it.' This was said with a splendid conviction of probity, though it obscured the fact that sending the captured treasure to the bottom would be quite as irreparable a wrong to the owners as a theft. It did not satisfy Cronin, who bit his cigar in two in the painful abstraction caused by the thought of " boodle " lost to the world, in which good liquor costs much, and the sporting proclivities of a City Father cannot be gratified without additions to the allowances of small- minded taxpayers. It's fayasco you'll be making. I'll not vote i a cent for it,' he declared, nor take a hand in it.' O'Grady 4 was discouraged for a moment ; but he had won the others, and, seeing this, Cronin did not persist in his opposition, though he had another point to make in his cross- examination. 'Maybe there's a trifle that you fellows have never thought of. What are you going to do about coal ? The Grampania won't have more than will stand her for seven days, and of that two days' supply will be spent before you meet her.' ' Give me five days on the Grampania, and it's all I ask. I'll not sweep the seas clean— I never intended that—but what I'll do will be the greatest thing for Ireland yet.' And it was true, as he pointed out, that, barring fogs, an armed cruiser of the speed of th* Grampania, cruising north and south, over across the tracks of the Transatlantic steamers, could, within live days, waylay and capture, destroying if she chose, some, if not all, of the fleetest and newest ships of the Liverpool lines. The smoke muffled the company in its grey and blue wreaths until Alderman Cronin's diamonds could only blink like sparks of tobacco. O'Grady's scheme was sanctioned, and he went down to the docks that night and slept on board the Rosario, happy in visions of a retaliation more effective than any of his countrymen had yet thought of. Two weeks later the Rosario left the Mersey on a midnight tide, and, in addition to an unusually large crew, she carried many passengers, some of whom had come on board without tickets at the moment her hawsers were slipped in the Sandon Dock. This was on a Wednesday, and the Grampania was scheduled to sail the following Saturday. CHAPTER III. As usual, the Grampania called for the mails at Queenstown on Sunday, and at about two in the afteinoon she slipped by Roche's Point and turned ahead full speed for New York. Full speed with her implied a velocity unprecedented on the sea. Her twin screws made the water in her wake boil like the rapids or Niagara, and with each throb of her tremendous engines she reached ahead like the huge projectile from a mortar. Other ships were fast, but they seemed at anchor as she overhauled them and lost them astern. As she flew along the coast the passengers who knew the headlands thought they had come closer than they were before, so much did she lessen the time between them. Hardly had the Old Head of Kinsale been passed than Brow Head loomed up abeam, and long before sunset the pillar of Fastnet appeared as a faint grey streak*, upon the starboard quarter. By noon on Monday she had logged five hundred knots, and she had settled down, as the chief engineer said, to ' a gait of twenty-one knots, ' Aye, but she's a gran' 1 sheep ! ' he declared. I'll no' be a beet surprised if we put ye ashore on Friday morning. I didna expect it either. We've got a lot o' them Irish in the stokehold, but they're working like deevils. I dinna kin wha's the matter with them ; it's no grog, they're unco sober. Aye, and they're singing and that gay, ye'd think they were daft.' The captain also was in high spirits. After dinner he seated himself in a group of pretty girls on the upper deck and gave chaffing answers to the questions they put to him as an oracle possessing the key to all mysteries. 'How much horse-power has she, Captain ? ' one of them asked him. * About a hundred thousand donkeypower,' he said gravely. 'My ! I should think she'd blow up ! ' 'Oil, that wouldn't matter, all the decks are fitted in vertical grooves and supplied with air chambers, so that in event of an explosion they would rise completely out of the hull and float in the air like the air-ships you read about. The motion is said to be delightful—far superior to that of a baloon." They searched his face, but it was quite serious. * Really ? ' they chorused. ' Really. And another interesting thing is that we burn so much coal that all the cargo we can carry is fodder for the donkeys.' It was an evening of exquisite beauty. The sea was still but for the waves of displacement, which, like the wings of an arrow, spread in oblique folds from the bow. A dull gold moon was climbing out of the sky while the dying fires of the sunset were still glowing in the west ^nd gilding cioud-made mountains and slagoons. The well-content passengers, laughing and chattering, filled the deck, and gave it all the animation of a city street. ' A steamer on the port bow, sir !' called the look yut on the crows' nest. ' Aye, aye !' One of the junior officers came down from the bridge to report it to the captain, and the passengers excitedly ran to the rail and searched the horizon. Only the keenest eyes, helped by the most powerful glasses, could see the faint line of a top-mast pencilled some ten miles to the westward. The captain did not leave the girls, though they were anxious to drag him out of his chair to see the coming ship. ' Sit down, and I'll tell you the biggest wave I ever saw. It was in the Guif of Pe-chi-lee. I was a midshipman then in a clipper belonging to ' The junior officer came down again. 1 She's hove to, sir,' he said. ' What do you make her out to be ?' 'She's about twelve hundred tons, sir; brig-rigged; low in the water. Looks too smart tor a tramp ; has a black funnel with a green band ; but we can't make out her signals yet.' The captain went with him to the bridge, and, in less than half an hour, the Grampania was within hailing distance of the stranger. She was the Rosario, Captain Felix O'Grady, bound from Liverpool to Buenos Ayres. Enough light was left in the sky to show that she was flying the Argentine flag. She was, she signalled, disabled, and making water fast. 4 Lower a boat and go on board, and see for yourself how she is, Mr. Bishop,' said Captain Gallup to the chief officer. Night had closed in, but the decks were now fuller of bustle than before. The Grampania stood up out of the calm sea, •^ridironed with light like a town built in terraces on a cliff, and as soon as she came to a standstill she lay in a lake of white froth 01 her own churning, and the escaping steam roared out of her pipes like the ebullition of a newly awakened volcano. Quartermasters ran up and down along the deck ; the bosun's whistle pierced the greater din with its shrillness like the voice of an uncanny bird whirling overhead. On the port side the passengers and crew hung over the rails of the three tiers of decks, and the ship as big as she, was, listed under their weight. The captain fumed and fretted on the bridge ; he was a kindly, humane man, but to be hove to on account of a sand-barge like that, to be delayed several hours, and to lose the prospect of a new record—it was a situation calling for strong language. They saw the boat lowered, with the chief officer in the stern-sheets, and watched her pull away for the Rosaria, heaving gently on the swell, her course indicated by a lamp hung in the bow. Further away another light pricked the darkness, and they knew it was hung over the side of the Rosario to show where the gangway was. Then came twenty lingering minutes of suspense and impatience, with a double measure of duration, in which watches seemed to stop, and the ship's bells to be suspended from their oustomary chronicles. 'She's coming back now, sir," said the third officer to the captain—the " extra third " —(or the Grampania had a double set of officers as well as double engines. ' Coming back ! What's he been loafing so long for ? I tell you the ships have improved in my time, but I'll be hanged if the young fellows in the service have.' He impatiently shoved the arm of the telegraph over until the indicator stood opposite the sector marked " Stand by," and the chief engineer himself sent the reply to shew that the order had been received. The boat was now close alongside, and instead of the crew of ten with which she had started, twenty men or more climbed, like monkeys, up the ladder which hung down the port side of the Grampania. The officer who stood at the gangway thought some of faces were unfamiliar, though he saw two or three others—not more—of the crew, and Mr. Bishop had not come back. ' Who are these fellows ? Where's the chief officer ? ' he demanded. • He stayed aboard the other ship. These fellows belong to her.' This was said without any of the usual marks of respect, by one of the seamen, who pushed the angry officer aside, and disappeared in the crown on deck. Meanwhile another boat from the Rasario, unlighted and unobserved, had come up to the Grampania on the starboard side, which was deserted. Quietly and quickly another ladder was lowered for her by two fo'c'sle hands who were in the plot, and fully- thirty men swarmed on board, with Dominick Q.uinn at the head of them. An order was whispered among them, and ihey vanished in the blur of shadow and confusing patches of illumination forward. They were reinforced immediately by a third boat, like the second, ciept alongside without attracting attention. The captain had lost all patirnce. He knew the G ram pallia's boat had returned, but no one came to report to him till he sent a quartermaster for the officer stationed at the gangway. ' Let his boat come back without him ? Sent no report ? Staying on board the other ship? The man must be mad! Blow the whistle three times, and see if you can hail them. Confound him ! I've a good mind to leave him there ! Forty minutes gone— fourteen knots out of the run ! Great heavens Î What are we? Are we a bumboat or a missionary schooner, or a steam lighter ! Here you, Mr. Ruddock, take the boat off again and bring some satisfactory information. I'll be ' He could not finish ; He was interrupted by a seizure which took his speech and breath away and left him dazed as by a stroke of apoplexy. The impossible had happened, the unimaginable thing had come to pass. A strong arm was drawn about his neck like a rope, and his arms and legs were no longer free. He struggled and attempted to raise his voice, but he was powerless—as powerless as he would have been from amazement had he been ungagged and unfettered. ' Now, you'll go and get some information yourself, old Blowhard,' a voice whispered in his ear. ' But I don't believe you'll find itsatisfactory. Don't be afraid, though ; no harm will come to you if you behave, like a gentleman.' Afraid ! The commander of the Grampania,, an Englishman, an officer and a gentleman, afraid on the bridge of his own ship ! He made a mad effort to release himself and take satisfaction for the insult, but it was unavailing. He was quickly lowered at the end of a signal halyard from the bridge to one of the boats alongside for conveyance to the Rosario. There was not an officer of the Grampania who had not been similarly surprised and made captive by the boarders : all of the navigators were crowded into the mess-room under a heavily-armed guard, while the engineers were hustled out of their berths (those who had been off duty), and out of the engine-room into the steerage hospital, at the door of which Dominick Quinn placed two of his men with orders to shoot down anyone attempting to rescue. As O'Grady had predicted—as, it is but fair to say, he hoped—no bloodshed was necessary, however. The surprise paralysed the whole ship, arrested all independence of action, and turned men who had been resolute and intelligent into an attitude of benumbed docility. Any reasonable contingency they might have risen to and circumvented—the accidents of fog, collision, overwhelming seas —but they could not comprehend, much less grapple—with what had befallen them, it seemed so unreal, so impossible. The news reached the passengers slowly and through conflicting rumours and surmises, treated at first with incredulity and scoffing merriment, and then, as it was confirmed piecemeal, with indignation, alarm and hysteria. But for an account of how they fared we can quote from a Herald reporter's interview with Mr. Alonzo Butts, the buyer for a drygoods house in Walker Street : ' Well, sir, I had just lighted my second cigar after getting on the outside of a small and elegant dinner, and was whooping up the boys for an auction pool when the Rosario was first sighted. All the fellows ran out of the smoking-room to see her, when it was reported that she was disabled, and it put my nose out for a minute just to get a smell of her. But I'm no yearling arid a ship at sea's no more novelty to me than a bobtail cat. I've been crossing the pond and spreading myself over two continents these twenty years and have had some tough times too. I was in the Batavia that time she broke her shaft and was towed into the Azores, and we wasn't heard of for six weeks. I looked round and spoke to an old Liverpool jack, and I could see that it was going to be an all night job bringing the crew of the Rosario aboard the Grampania, for the old salt told me that this was what they were going to do. The smoking room was empty, so I just went and did what I always do when I'm lonesome—I curled myself up in a corner of the sofa and slept the sleep of the innocent, the just, and the beautiful. I guess it must have been about nine when I woke ; the steward was shaking me, as pale as a ghost. ( 7o be continued,) 