cPail ^etos. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. fFrom our Special Correspondent.] London, June 28, 1895. The past six days have, from a political point ot yiew, proved extraordinarily eventful, and in Anglo-Colonial circles, as everywhere else, the crisis has been the one absorbing topic of conversation. Last Friday's mail had barely closed before the Government were unexpectedly tripped-up by what some say was a caret ully - planned coup and others a fortunate accident. Twenty-four hours later Lord Itoseberv resigned, and her Majesty sent for Lord Salisbury. The forma tion of a Coalition Ministry of Unionists occu pied a few hours only, and Wednesday morn ing's papers contained an announcement of the leading appointments. It has never been con sidered by latter-day f ramer of Ministries the least necessary for a Colonial Secretary to know anything whatever of the Empire out side the Straits of Dover, so that the selection of Mr. Chamberlain for that important office need excite little surprise. Lord Salisbury, we are told, wished to send '.loe' to the War Office, ' but under the new Consultative Com mittee arrangements for working the army the War Secretary will be subordinate to the Lord President of the Council. That, con sequent^', didn't suit the member for Bir mingham. So he asked for tlfe Colonies. I fancy even Lord Salisbury must have smiled a little at the demand. Mr. Chamberlain has in his time exhibited an intelligent interest in many subjects, but no one ever heard of his caring a dump about anybody or anything colonial. Most leading statesmen have at one time or another figured on the platform at the Colonial institute, or shed the light of their countenances on Imperial Institute meetings, but we never saw the pride of Birmingham at such gatherings. The Times says (pre sumably with a sly wink) that Mr. Chamber lain's '' ardent Imperialist feeling and his welJ -known desire to draw closer the ties that bind the colonists to the mother country will make him a strong and acceptable Secre tary for the Colonies. I am very far from saying- please note, that Mr. Chamberlain won't shine in his latest rOle. If he knows nothing- of;the colonies, neither did Lord Kipon ; yet _ by carefully following the guidance of his permanent officials he pulled through without discredit. Mr, Chamber lain will probably be content also to be guided by Sir Robert Moade. He does not want much departmental work. One can see that his game will be to shine in Parliament. He means to be Prime Minister when Lord Salisbury disappears from the scene, and this can only come about if he con vinces his party that he would till the post better than Mr. Balfour. In saying that Mr. Chamberlain had never been connected with the colonies in auy way I was forgetting his visit to the Bahamas a few years back and purchase of a tract of land for growing flax on. Mr. St. John Brodrick, who has received, it is said, the War Secretaryship as his reward for the trick which brought down the Rose bery Government, is fairly well known in Aus tralia. He paid an extended visit to your part of the world some little time ago, when he and Lady Hilda Brodrick were the guests of one or two colonial viceroys, but especially of the Hopetouns. Mr. Brodrick has long been a ' coming' man amongst the younger Tories, and is admittedly very clever. Opinions I tind differ materially as to .Liord Ripon's sojourn at the Colonial Office. Some of the Aeents consider him a failure, whilst others pronounce him, in all respects, a far abler administrator than his predecessor. Lord Knutsford of course was immensely popular. He has an admirable society manner, and his felicitous little speeches invariably pleased his visitors. The Agents wore all on the best of terms with him. On the other hand, Lord ltipon is shy and t/auche. But those brought much into contact with the little man have the highest respect for his brains. Sir Westby Perceval may be mentioned as an admirer of, or rather a believer in, the mar quis. And Sir Westby possesses, we all know, . shrewd judgment, and is not given to indiscriminate enthusiasm. Praise from him is praise indeed. On the contrary, the Hon. Thomas Playford was not struck with his lordship. But then, from all :ic counts, he displayed a lamentable ignorance of things South Australian, and this would be a heinous sin in Mr. Playford's eyes. His Excelleucv the Governor (Sir T. F. Buxton) and Lord aud Lady Kintore were amongst the guests at the annual soiree of the Colonial Institute last evening. It may interest South Australians to kuow that Lady Victoria Buxtou's mother, the Countess of Gainsborough, was a lady in waiting to the O^ueen from her ac cession up to 1874, and one of her Majesty's most intimate and valued friends. The Queen, irideeel, was godmother bothtoLadv' Victoria herself and years later to your Viceroy's fourth daughter, Miss Vic toria Alexandrine : Buxton. ?'? ? Warlies, tbe Buxton family seat at Waltham Abbey, ia one of the most beautiful places-in: Essex, and just at present in its full summer' glory. The Agent-General and Miss Play ford have, I think I told you, been on a visit there. ~ ? ? Mr. and Mrs. Brookinan, of Adelaide, liave persuaded the brillianty'oung Australian priina donna, Miss Ada Crossley, to go to Norway with them for a tour. Mrs. D'Arcy, wife of the colonial Midas, has sent out cards for a concert at the Graf ton Gallery on July (-. The Couutcss of Jersey is giving a series of garden parties at Asteriey Park on the Satur day afternoons in July. The Agent-General does not, as I antici pated, find the business of acquiring suitable offices in the city quite the simple matter he expected. Either the available buildings do not boast a strong room (a tine qua jiouwhere evt?r the inscription is done) or they are too far away from the Royal Exchange or the rents arc too high. Mr. Playford's original idea was to share a floor or flat with the Bank of Ade laide. Propinquity would suit both the Govern ment and the bank. But Mr. Arnold lias failed so far to cosne across a likely situation. Mr. Playford thinks he has found a set of rooms that might perhaps answer the Govern ment's purpose in Crosby-square (which is quiet and yet central), but I don't think the bank would like the locality. Mr. Playford on tiie subject of city rents grows quite pathetic. 'They are abominable,' he remarked plain tively ; ' altogether abominable. ' Mr. George S. Fowler left London by the steamer which carries this mail on Friday last. He was, of course, accompanied by his wife, and their intention, I understand, was to pro ceed direct to Adelaide. Both have enjoyed their holiday at home, but Mr. Fowler was looking far from well and appeared glad to say good-bye to the old country. Mrs. Fowler, on the contrary, seemed to be iu the best of health and spirits. There was quite a large partv to see them off at Liverpool-street, in cluding their son and Mr. Leonard Hanold. I understand that Mr. Fowler's first step on arriving in Adelaide will be to arrange for the efficient management of the Adelaide Milling Company, of which he and Mr. Trubshawe are tjie nominal purchasers. The syndicate which they represent have, I hear, a notion of acquiring other milling concerns in the colony. Mr. H. Graves, who arrived home some time ago, has siient a good deal of his holiday in following the sport of kings. He took a large party down to Ascot, and it is said brought a considerable amount of gold back again. The ' royal' meeting, by the way, was specially favorable for backers this year, and I have noticed that colonists generally manage to hit winners at this meeting. An Australian doctor, whom I accompanied to Ascot some years ago, cleared the expenses of a three months' holiday during the four days, and since then I could name a dozen colonists who have come back from Ascot wiser, perhaps, but certainly not sadder men. Mr. George Suhling, who was in London a short time ago, left England for the opening of the Kaiser Wilhehn Canal in company with Mr. Steiner. Doubtless Mr. Suhling enjoyed himself. He has the capacity for getting enjoyment out of most things. If the pleasure oi the friends at ? Kiel was at all com mensurate with the expense of lodgings in the town at the festive period they must have had an ' immense' time. You could get a decent bedroom for 30s. a night, or a shakedown on a sofa or a billiard table for 20s. Mit.3 McCulloch gave a ball at her resi df.-nee, Cromwell House, Queen's Gate, on Tuesday evening. It was a most enjoyable function, for though the number of guests was large thore was no crush. Amongst the guests were Mrs. Peel, Miss Boothby, Mr. and Mrs. L. Harrold, Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds, Mrs. McCulloch, Mr. Fred and Mr. Fiank Dutton, Mr. G. A. Toinkinson, aud Mr. Elias. The music provided by the celebrated Blue Hun garian Band was the feature of the evening. The appointment of Mr. Walter Saviil to the board of the Broken Hill Proprietary has given great satisfaction in interested quarters here. There are few men in the city who have so cood a reputation for shrewdness, business capacity, and integrity of purpose as the head of the Shaw, Saviil, & Albion Company. Certainly few men command the confidence of the investing public to a greater extent. Mr. F. Ayres, of .Wills & Co., is at present on the Continent hunting up purchasers for sulphide ores, it is popularly supposed. For one big buytr he will spread his net abroad in vain. I saw him in London a few days ago, and now he ia fishing in Ireland. -Messrs. Harrold, I hear, have sold between three and four thousand tons of sulphide ores within the past few days. Mr. Pownall, of.W. W. Pownall & Company, is sending out a representative to Australia next week, namely, Mr. W. C. Bagenal, who will be cipaii'to 'buy 'wine suited to the Aus tralian vino company's' 'trads. ' Sic Bagenal will make his headquarterB at Melbourne, and I understand that the firm, will only purchase ; through him in future. The market hero will in consequence become slightly more restricted for consignees. At- present the wine' trade is dull as ditchwater, but to quote the refrain of an old comic song — ' It is not the only one.. In every branch of commerce you hear the same.thing. There is always plenty about that amiable and gifted Viceroy, Sir W. C. F. Bobinson, in the British Australasian. Seven or eight paragraphs per issue have been the recent allowance. So it won't lie Mr. Mennell's fault v if the Anglo-Colonial public fail to do justice to his Excellency's merits. Sir William, by the way, is still his Excellency. His resigna tion was not announced before Lord Ripon, retired, and — who knows — perhaps Mr. Chamljerlaiii may be got to do something for him. Why not Queensland ? Lady Robinson was 'at home' at 73^ Chester-square, on Monday evening, when, Madame Amy Sherwin, ' Madame Tasca, Mr. C. M. Leumane, the Misses Joran, and Mr. Gladstone Wright discoursed sweet music for the benefit of a numerous company. Lady , Kintore and Lady Ethel Keith-Falconer were present, but the only other South Australians in the list of guests seem to be Mr. Charles Peel and Mr. and Mrs. Cramer Roberts. On Tuesday afternoon there was a dress rehearsal of Sir W. Robinson's operetta ' Pre datoros' at the Prince of Wales's Club. The British Australasian says the production was a great success — so of course it was. Some ' thirty or forty friends of the viceregal com poser formed the audience, and applauded vigorously. When the semi-public perfor mance takes place I hope to lie present, and to join in a generous ovation to Sir William. Madame Amy Sherwin, Mr. C. M. Leumane, and Mr. Gladstone Wright are the inter preters. Mr. C. Leumane came home a month or more ago with the double object of fulfilling a professional engagement and accomplishing certain business arrangements relative to the export of South Australian produce, to England on liehalf of a syndicate of which he is & member- The commercial projects have been so unexpectedly successful that Mr. Leumane will perforce return to Adelaide at an early date. He is by no means displeased at having to forego his operatic reappearance in this metropolis, and has refused two rather tempting offers for America to follow, for since the ter mination of his five years' engagement with Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove he has made up his mind to settle in South Australia. Lrom music to merchandise is a far cry, bub the popular tenor is in excellent company, for from Cincinnatus to Verdi we have nigh pre cedents for the transition. In Australia you have the excellent examples of Messrs. Fair clough and W. H. Woodheld. . . It is rliffio.nlt to p-p.tto know the ex&frf;, truth concerning the public's subscription toWestra lian mining ventures. I am moved to this remark by the widely different information J have received from various people concerning the Kalguriie flotation, in which several Adelaide entities have an interest. At head quarters I was informed by Mr. Secretary that the subscription was a success, and a worthy brink manager said 'Kalguriie went off better than a^iy Westralian mine floated, recently.' From an independent but usually - entirely trustworthy mouth, however,' I learn that the underwriters were let in considerably, and that these gentlemen's services were bought at something over 25 per cent ! You . can swallow which tale you like, but I may say that it is an open secret that in a good many of the so -called 'suc- cessful ''' West Australian promotions this year the underwriters have demanded ' from. 25 to 50 per cent. ; 10 to 15 or even 20 per cent, is not excessive, but when it i6 found neces sary to paj' beyond the latter flexure in these piping times of cheap money it is very evident that the hitherto gullible British investor has had about enough of Westralia. It is, I understand, owing to the excessive demands of the underwriting fraternity that the Norse man mine has been kept from the public. Messrs. Harrold Bros., knowing the property to be a genuine thing, will not attempt to float it until the underwriters become more reason able. They are, however, negotiating with a Parisian syndicate, and something may be done with the mine in France. If the negofciai tions prove abortive, however, no further attempt will be made until the latter end oi the year. Mr. A. K. Stubbins, Mr. J. S. Reid, and Mr. Uowell, late general manager of the Broken Hill Companv, are inseparable 'companions nowadays. One sees them together con stantly, and a little bird whispers that the ' confabulations' largely concern a certain Aschcrof t electrica^process for treating sulphide ores. An electrical process has been in use here for several years, and the Aschcroft patent is an improvement thereon, saving, I believe, one operation. The process is not viewed hy experts here as .an economical one^ and is not considered to be adapted to the treatment of the lower grade sulphides of Broken Hill. To establish an efficient plant at the mines would cost, I am told, something like a quarter of a million. Mr. Mylus B. Foster, who has been ap pointed by the executive of Trinity College, 3£jvndeville-square, to conduct the examina tions in vocal and instrumental music which it is intended to inaugurate in various Aus- '' tralasian centres in September, October, anfl November7 next, leaves ' by ' 'the''TOrmuz ----.;»--„ on July 26. ' Opinions, I find, diffefc as to the probable value of passing these Trinity College examinations. The institution docs not pretend to rank with the Royal Academy of Music or the Guildhall School oE Music, but it is undoubtedly high class anfl well conducted. The chief charge urged by detractors against the college has been that its examinations are too easy. Mr. W. C. Murdoch gave a magnificent display of his abilities as a batsman in the Sussex v. Cambridge University match last week The county piled up 5'J2 runs, Mur doch contributing no less than 226 in faultless fashion. He was at the wicket a few minutes over six hours, 'but never gave the ghost of a chance. Yet it was no ' finicking ' cricket oh the Australian's part. ' He smote hard . and often, and when Shine finally beat him Murdoch had 33 fours, 7 threes, and 15 twos to his credit. The 'Varsity fared badly against Humphrey's lobs, and were beaten by an innings and 100 runs. Humphreys captured 10 wickets in all for 221 runs. [ Up to Saturday last the position members of the recent Australian team included in thSa first-class batting and bowling averages were as follows: — Batting — A. Ward, 15 innings, twice not out, 837 runs, average 64'38; Stoddart, 17 innings, 701 runs, average 41*2$; Brown, 21 innings, not out once, 483 runs, average 24 '15 ; Lockwood, 14 innings, not out once, 309 runs, average 23*76 ; Philipson, 13 innings, not out four times, 1S2 runs, average : 22'75. Bowlers — Richardson, G22 overs,' 1(57 maidens, 10G wickets, 1,529 runs, average 14 '42; Briggs, 418 overs, 155 maidens, 815 runs, 41 wickets, average 19 '97; Peel,' 6fli8 overs, 204 maidens, 953 runs, 47 'wickets, average 20*27 ; Humphreys, 138 overs, IS maidens, 492 runs, 24 wickets, average 2tr50; Lockwood, 365 'overs, 101' maidens, 814 runs, 37 wickets, average 22. The remainder are down on their luck and have not qualified for mention. . ; Mr. Farley Sinkins, who is agent to Mass Thudiehum, states emphatically tliat lady has not so far made any arrangements to visit Australia. On the other hand, however, the Sims Reeves tour has, all rumors to the con trary notwithstanding, been definitely fixed up, and amongst others Miss Maude Rene anii . Signor Bisaccia will accompany the veteran tenor. J 