NEWS IN BRIEF. The youth Sydney Errington, who lind been tired to emulate the "ghost "of whose appearance in the suburbs a good deal has been heard of late, and who was arrested nt South Yarra on '1 uesda) night, was brought before the Prabran Police Court yesterdii) on the nil comprehenaive charge of "insult- ing behaviour." The arresting constable testified lo the fact that the defendant was wearing a false red beard, a red Tam o' Shunter cap, and a pair ot spectacles, and lind sticking plaster on his lace, and said that complaints had been made of Ina frightening women and children. Mr. Keogh, the police magistrate, admonished tho de- fendant, warned lum of the danger he rnn of Bunimuiy punishment, aud discharged him. At the North Melbourne Police Court vcsterdn), Lh/abeth Ann Pepper sued Jonathan Clark for the maintenance of a teníale child, The complainant lind lived at Charlton in Ootober last, and she stated in the hot that the defendant was intimate with her there, a statement which was to a certain extent corroboiated bv her brother The deience was, firstly a denial of the charge, and further, an assertion that the complainant was a married woman with a huBbind in Western Australia Constable Morris, of Charlton, deposed that there had been complaints as to the house that Mrs Pepper had frequented in that town. The Bench said theevidtncewascontradiolory,but fio1« their eipouence of defendants' oaths in these cases thev were not inclined to lay much stiess on their declarations. An orcW was thereiore made for Os a week, with costs. The setting of the machinery of the law in motion does not alwajs receive that con- sideration to which the gravity of Bitch a step is .entitled, and litigants suffer in con- sequence. A widow lady numed Caroline Wakelield was summoned to the City Police Court )csterda) ona charge of perjury by a man named Joseph James Burgess, who figured latelv in n divorce suit before Mr. Justice Williams. The alleged perjuries complained of were given in evidence at the Supreme'Court when the dnorce case was being beard. The informant conducted his own ciiBe, and this influenced the Bench to some extent in helping bim to formulate it. After the evidence of the defendant was taken, Mi. Panton, P M., said that the Bench was perfectly satistied that it waa a most impudent proceeding on the pirt of the informant to bring such n case into court, and it was a matter for regret that the de- fendant had been put to so much trouble anti expense. The case » as dismissed. For assaulting James Frederick King, keeper of nu o)ster Shop in Bourke street, Kenneth Murchison, a stalwart Scotchman, waa lined £.1, or one month's imprisonment, at the City Police Court jesterdu). The detendnnt had supped lavishly, and pro- mised to settle " ne\t day " the account for Cs. (Id. which was rendered. King expressed some doubts as to whether the woul and the bund were in this particular ease inter changeable, and an altercation led to a scuflle in which ho waa ruther roughly handled. The man Edward Tookie?, who was caught on tho premises of Mr. W. II Cook, grocer, of High street, Prahran, on the27th ult., and whowusfnghtentd by a rev olver shot tired by emplo) ¿who slept on the premises,appeared an at the Prahran Police Court }esterdn) to answer a charge of burglar). The prisoner reserved his defence, and was committed lor trial. Frederick J. Spencer was charged at the Prahran Police Court yesterday with obtain- ing money by false pretences from Daniel Collins, a dairy man, of Windsor. The prisoner, who is already undergoing a sen- tence for a similar offence, admitted his guilt, and was sentenced to a further term of three months' imprisonment. A prisoner named Malachi Ewen, who is undergoing a sentence of 10 years' imprison- ment and two Hoggings for committing a criminal assault on his step- daughter, a child under the age of 10 years, at Mornington, received a flogging of 15 Iashes yesterday at Pentridge. The punishment, although very severe, was borne with the utmost calm- ness. At the Fitzroy Court jestordoy, Thomas Nolan, tobacconist, of 331 Brunswick street, Eleaded guilt) to having used his shop for etting purposes. Ile was lined £5, with 10s. costs At thc'Dlstnct Police Court ) esterdaj, Jane PrcsBentin, licensee of the Umpire Hotel, Latrobe street, was lined £2 for Sunduy trading. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 