Spooks at Singleton. GREAT EXCITEMENT. A STRANGE APPARITION. Singleton, Wednosday. Thoro bus been a great deal of excitement iu town of late in connection with the me? nntlerinps uf an »llei;ad «liost . The uopuritioa is said to resumbla a man named Viokery. Some yours ngo Vickory, who enrrk 1 a lur-s sum ot money, suononiy aianppua eu. ,ne Ifli Singleton onu night for hii honm at Biilgn, and was aeen for the last time when s;oiug down to the river near Fawci tl'i pnd docka. He nevor rencbed home, amt his dis appearance up to the present momant ia altogether onacaounted for, Since Vickery vanished there have been rumors of strange liphta and apparitiona abuut the locality in whioh tin was last seen alive. Jr, ia Raid that a wetl-knuwn resident, while walking along tha rood one nvoning overtook, an he thought a personal friend, and ho tapped this supposed friend on tho shoulder, only to find that his band met no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, which he tried to touob, immediately vauiHbed. Duping the last mouth or two it is aasoricii that atntntre lit'lus h»ve ' oon »h«b hoverintr nboui in n paddock no»i the »pot which -h taid to be hnuntigil, find tli iso lights make their uppveranca (it 8.35 p.m. C 'n Friday night last a party of six or noveo, inoltidiug Mr, \ PI ay ford nnd his aon and M; . Mnran, employofia at the railway atation, went to watch for tho li^lit. At tha hour expected a light itddouly inaile itf appoarmoe in a paddock nearly opposite the comet or y. When first aeta the li(/ht was about the aii;e whioh would be omitted from a hand lant em, wan a little above the ground, and moveu toward* the party of watchers, apparently without the uid of human agenoy. After it bad travelled within JuQQ jardi or io of the otivrvara ii ?topped. The watohera then began to ap proach the light, when a regular ' Willo' the-wisp' obtae waa commenced. As tha purauera approrahed the light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to re treat at a rate exaotly regulated to the move ments of the followers. If thny ran it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them. If they walked, it wont at a alower rate ; it they stood still, it stopped. Finally, af er leading them a pretty long chase in the paddook and by the river, tbe myaterioua light vanished, and was soon no more that night A party of ovor 100 people, on hurse, ou toot, and in buggies, were out on Monday night. Thsy watched for a long time, aaw no'bjnj*, and most of them ro turned to town ; but a faw who remainad later assart, howavur, that they again saw die mystarioui light. 