TRADITION OF THE HORSESHOE. attributed to demoniacal position. in India the mourner who performs the necessary, but somewhat dangerous, duty of putting fire into the dead man s , mouth carries ——— - a «»iyor key a knife Knue in his nis band nana : to keep off the evil 1 spirits. In short, a bit of iron is a very useful thing to have atrant you at anytime if you 'desire to eswpe the unfavourable attention ot tne j ghosts, the trolls, the fairies, and the demons generally. This is good reason for buying a pocketknife. It is also a reason for nailing up a horseshoe. " But why a horseshoe in particular," you ask, "more than any other odd piece of iron ?" Well, primarily the good luck depends more upon the iron as iron than on the special shape or function of the horseshoe as a horseshoe. But there are also many reasons why the superstition Bhould hapr™ lappen to fix itself more particularly upon I horseshoes. We must remember that, _ . in Europe at: least, it is the cattle, the horses, and the domestic beasts in general that are specially liable to the s hostile attacks of " the little people." Therefore the elves and trolls are most likely to be dreaded on farms or in the country, where horses and eattle most do congregate. Now, if you want to nail up a bit of iron as a protection against the fiery darts of the evil ones on your stables or cowhouses, which is the place where one oftenest ottenest sees them, I.,— nothing L:— is more likely i s m to — come handy to your purpose than a cast horseshoe. Besides, it has obvious oon* gruity for the place and object, and it can readily be pioked up in the TM& almost anywhere. ywt _ Furthermore, it is provided beforehand with convenient holes, by means of which youoan . readily hang it np, either over your own house door or over your sheds and siablm. These various advantages of cheapness, ease, and readiness for fixing would have given the horseshoe a fair start in life, it is believed, as a charm against fairies, trolls, and evil spirits generally, even without any other and more special advantages.—CbraJUtt Magazine. BBU> In IKSB-ACSTBU.UK ALVINIC, 1895, accounts of First and Seoond Orange BioU n Melbourne. Brio*, Sixpsoos. 