Lusty Old: Liés.' Some Uxat are Well-known and Yet Seem \- ., Imperishable, , ^ THERE is that well-fixed old legend about the injurious property of night air. , What a lot of people are dying of consumption because they will not let air into the house after dark. It is night air, you know, and that is -well, it is night air, and somebody toldyourgrandfather'ssecondcousin's wife's sister-in-law that night " air was unwholesome. So they shut all the windows and breathe all the breaths of the entire family and the exhalations of closets and the gas of furnaces and stoves all night, and get up with a headache, ? but ' with congratulations that none of: that dreadful air from the hills and the woods and the fields has got into the house. Ask them how the cattle, that are . out all night, breathing night air, keep so healthy; Ask them what makes soldiers and sailors and prospectors and hunters so big chested and hearty, living, as they do, in the air all night, as well as in the daytime. But you can't break up an old' lie, with a regiment of troops or a herd of cattle. Why, there used to be - a lie, and it was even in the magazines, to ' the effect that the moon made, people crazy, and that if you slept out in the moonlight you would wake up in the morning a roaring lunatic. The man who called a crazy person a lunatic, borrowing the innocent: moon to coin a word from, was ' perhaps responsible for ' that. : He ' never thought to look ,at the effect..bf moonlit slumber on an army or a watchman. i Every now ' and then we read reports of a shower bf frogs or toads or snakes br lizards br young alliga- tors.. . But these.showers never occur near where anybody lives. ;. The wheat grown from.' seeds pre- served for 3,000 years and more in mummy,cases covers square milos of I -imagination-and the Jrogs « that have been imprisoned in granite or coal, deep down - in the hearts ' of mountains, f or billions and billions of years-a couple of billions before frogs were created^would : be marshaled into a respectable army." When he got into tho granite the granite was persumably white hot, but the frog got himself crystalised in, just thè same, and when the chunk is blasted he hops and starts for the nearest pond as brisk as if he had only been locked up over-night.. ' ., !, Once, in awhile he gets into the stomach of a citizen, this frog does, and sometimes his place in that stronghold is taken by a snake which,resisting. gastric acid, , and heedless of tho lack . of air, .plays around for months, now, and then coming up into the throat of his host to suggest that it is dinner time. Ordinarily a shake eats only live food,,but perhaps he accustoms him- self to oysters if his keeper will considerately eat them. < 1 . . ???? The rustic occasionally looks at; a cloudy sky pierced by rays of the sun that spread into a visible fan pf lights and says: "It's goin' to rain. The sun's drawin'water." And ho, really thinks it is1 water going up instead of light coming down. If it rains it is'because the clouds are' there, and it is about time, to rain, not. because the sun is working as hard as usual for the evaporation of water on the earth.' ? ''*"?, ': : ' ? One might fill some columns about tho,divining rod that can .find, gold and silver, and hasn't brought any of the countless millions of the late unlamented Kidd to light, and about honour among thieves, and about the evils that befall possessors of the opal,' and about the Mapleton and some other ghosts, and about raising u mbrellas on, the stage, , and about thirteen people at the table, and a whole lot of other things, i but it wouldn't do any good. ! ' 