[?] -^**k- ^s^o^p-c--^a^g-^ Mr. Reid is the agate on which swing8 the needle of uncertainty. The new Governor of South Australia arrives at Adelaide to-dBy. Running a newspaper is sometimes not paying for it. Or, perhaps, this is running a newspaper man. Sir Henry is old enough, to bo his bride's great-grand-father. The bride in young enough to be the daughter of a6 least three of her step-children. The mere fact that -Sir Henry Parkes is fit to re-marry in hi3 eighty-first year' ia not sufficient justification for the slanders uttered and hinted at by certain papers in Sydney. Mrs. McBride (entering the kitchen) — 'Bridget, didn't I see that policeman kiss you 7' Bridget — 'Well, mum, sure an' yez wouldn't hev mo lay meailf opin to arrist for resisting an offi cer, mam.' Father-^' You may as well give up thinking about that young man Dashing, He does not love yon.' Daughter— ' How do you know, papa ? ' Father— ' I met him at tie club last night, and ho refused to lend me ten dollars.' A reporter, in describing the murder of a man named Jorkins, said 'The murderer was evidently ia quest o£ money, but luckily Mr. Jorkins had de posited all bis funds in the bank the day before, so that he lost nothing but his life.' ? Life is a mystery,' said the Man of ? Letters. ? Itjis a question of organiz ation,' declared the Woman of Resource ? It is a matter of bread ? and butter,' ventured the Working Woman. ' Wo — purely a matter bf public opinion, said the Journalist. 'Did yo' heah 'bout Jim Jackson, nreetin' de ghost uv de murdered man laV nipht down by de swamp ? ' ? No, Wot did Jim do 7 ' 'He dusted de ghost off an' den braced him fo' a qua'tah. Jim's got a big nerve sence. he's bin a Pullman porter.' 'Do you know,' he was saying, ' that I never can keep my head under water \\. when I go swimming. I'vo tried ond tried.' ' Perhaps you don't keep your bead under long enough,' she said, ia an. absent-minded way, and ho is still won dering what she meant. Rural Ragges — '. It's no use, Tatts, I've got ter work.' Tramping Tatters. — ' Land o' labor, Roory, me boy.!; What's de matter wid yer? Are. yor losin' yer intellect 7' Rural Ragges— ? ' No. but I swallered a yeast-cako in mistake fer a marsh-mailer.' The day before the Melbourne Cup, Victoria intends to disgrace herself by hanging a woman who is enciente. Lord Brassey might do worse than signalise hiB entry upon the duties of Governor of Victoria by refusing to countenance this ghastly judicial outrage. ' What does ttiis hero, ' New Woman' talk mean, John 7' ' Hit means, Maria* replied the old farmer, ' that woman air a-takin' the placeB what men occupied. You'll find tho plow right were I left it ; an' when you sharpen the axe. you kin Bail into a load o' wood ; an' I'll have supper a-billn, when you will git home.' The benighted barbarian, in accordance with the time-honored custom of his tribe, lay in wait in the grass, waiting for tho approach of the maiden whom ho had chosen to wco. As Boon os sho passed, he arose, and with one blow of the largo snd knotty club he carried felled her to tho earth. Sho owoko from the consequent swoon to find hereelf flung across his shoulder as he proceeded toward his hut. Though dazed at first, she realized that she had been proposed to in the regular style. ' Dear me, Mr. Gwrrbbu,' she twittered, 'this is so sudden !' In her caso there was really somo excuse for the remark. To what bas press interviewing not come in Australia when a bride and bridegroom, turning from tha altar, find, Bitting on their doorstep, a young man waiting for them with an open note-book and a fixed determination for particulars 1 When Sir Henry and Lady Parkes were returned after the much talked of ceremony at Parramatto, they found a reporter, who had tho assuranco to ask them for an interview. It ended something like this : — You are old Father Henry, the young man said, Your locks arc a deal more tliao gray ; You arc eighty I've heard, yet cace more . you've wed, Now tell me the reason 1 pray. It is true I am old, Father Henry replied; But I think that you'll have to sigrca That whether ov not I decide on a bride, Is s, thing that concerns only me.. Then Sir Henry gavo tho yooc^ mao a photo, and this the young saan pub lished. 