Ghooted.:—We ..Lave been obliged to condense several reports through • an extra pressure upon our columns of an amusing " Camping: - out •••"• -article' by " Spookj" the :IJniversity lccture on A Poor La-w-for Australia; and an article on Village Settlement. ::•.•• What is an Advertisement H—In reply to several correspondents we: be^ speetfully, but firmly, to state that under no circumstances whatever,-can we insert free paragraphs? unless- accompanied' - 'by. advertisement; about pubheevents' :to come o£T; There appears to be a great deal of misconception: .about:-the duties of a"newse paper; and- we do not intend 1>o. break- the rule we laid down three years ago A " paragraph 3 'n,givmg: day, date,:.hour and: place, as well, as describing'; the event, is really ah " adyccti_sement,,''. ttiid it' is .^unreasonable .to "expect- a newspaper to keep free^'local , ":columns.to"be : usediinoppositlon to the advertisemeut columns::: The only. means_of.existence, for a newspaper are :*'-'S its':adyertisementss, smce .everjVpaper'iCOsfs a penny,tOiissue;3.and;tflie;proprietary:beufefilr bythe-sale:of-[japersinomore',than':doestlie man,who:Teceives 12:pencea:n exchange:»for oneshilling.:- : .:.We1dornotantend:to l breUkour' rule;.- and:.'.correspoadents;--wills; save:" thein-i selveSi,and t ns;iTtrouble..by :not-i askingius'to: work for nothing--a- thillg: tliat not r 'one.:of :ithem:Avould.doanwtheir:. o-\vn: callings;. We iire liiiable tp'. '.'stretch the point " even iii cases.ofcharity.ubecausedoiug^sowould^be The Essendon and Flemington Yearly Society was formed at a public -meeting held in the Masonic Hall (Ci H. T. Jordaiyn the chair), on April 23rd, 1891 The secretary .of the Asliby and Geelong Society kindly came to explain the woikmg of theii society in Geelong The Ashby Society had existed foi 33 years and terminated every year The members had the attendance of ..a:-(irst-class medical liiah, medicines, 7s 6d pei week sick pay, £5 funeral expenses, and at. the end- of had a dividend of from 20 to 30 per the money they had paid returns origmal'society .wasianaugurated'bjK Dr Campbell and the pe ker poi that people never tired of the A hby inciplegi-as; — ' the™o theTiighest £1 1b , and they liad^TSbers witli a revenue of about £ 00 a ear Mr J ordan, in a pleasant congr tulatoryi speech inrated questions and-mtimated that when a ked to take the chair, he had c re' Ml gone into iigures relating to a ociet • on this basis There ultnya he had decided to ^become a nember^ He thought thei societ a solenflid thing nd the A bbyi Society poke for itself ^''answer to t ue tion Mr- Derimead "piedaliat lJ " memfbePbecameoll at flie,.endS)f t"he new societyjhadjalways' ^lie ^un t o W w his member & The Ascot T a l e Masonic H a l l ^'TheiSredecoration,and , -repairs,iWliieh".for: some; :time.pa8t have been -gomg onat the Ascot Vale -Masonic jHaHj ave' nor coms pleted; and -Hill go far towards the pleasure of those, who, durmg the coming season, will make use of this establishment The -painting, both inside and out, has been executed with taste; Messrs Tointon and Morris having performed their work in a very satisfactory manner The stage cur- -tains have'been^akenvdowni'renovatedvand Teliung, so that the stage may >be seen to better^advantace .than^ormerlyfifromrevery' ^art-of- the'auditoriumv/^gfeat^wa'nthas beenssupplied-by the; a'ddition 'of jCushiOns for the seats round thi hall, -for use at balls and..dalioes. The floor has Tieen planed and dressed, and every care been taken to have it in .perfect order' for dancing. ' : The clean- : and.bright appearance- :of .the •hall - dressed in its suit of flags, invites -to a pleasant .evening, and .the. -use:: of the grand-piano, must attract many patrons; .for whose': com-' fort and enjoyment this Company has assiduouslyrdoneats^est'to cater.'.- :: : -7 Reed v Blaokwell and Others.-^ .iTlicdefenee in the'ease of Reed v: Blaekwell .and. others was mainly conducted by Mr Bryant, in-.the absencerof^JriiTopp and Mr. Dealdn, both, of whom: were otherwise engaged. Mr. Deakin was- engaged every daj' on the inquest - into the - sewerage accident,'andwas:-unableto:attend:att.he Second Civil Court,: .aa liis- client in -the Goromal Court was not otherwise repre sented', and could not dispense with iliis: services < Flemington & Kensington Branch, A.N.A.^-At the.-last:meetli)(; --of: tlie abovc branch, -held in the Hall, Newmarket, on 1st mst., an interesting debate took place between the Brunswick and the local branches This was one of a series of debates inaugurated by the Metropolitan Committee. A prize of £5 5s has been offered iito the, successful;braneh,-and. much -enthusiasm has been aroused amongst those who consider themselves able debaters. Mr George Griffiths occupied the eliair; Mr. Watt, of North- Melbourne, acted as referee, and Messrs Toutcher and McLelland as judges Messrs Boylen, Williams, and Hirst represented Flemington, and Messrs. Mulyany• ! .emme, and BrOWn: did s"er viee- •for Brunswick. After every conceivable argument, pro and com.,-had been adduced, the judges declared Brunswick.branch first-, with 199 points against 190 A vote of thanlcs to the judges, and one to the. chairman,- proposed by Mr. Bartels and seconded by Mr J H Cook, MP brought the •meeting ,to-a .'close;: 1 As each-branch remains -inthetournamentuntil.twicedefeated, Flemington may still make up the lost ground, and whoever are selected as representatives on the next occasion should do their utmost to this end. A Corkkction.—In our report of the Essendon Council meeting last issue a rather grave error appeared in the correspondence, ^wherein it was stated that Messrs. Meudell and Wilson had discovered further irregularities, and moneys not accounted for in connection with the rate books. In justice to Mr: Bland; we have to state that we find ourselves in error. On further enquiry the matter proved an entirely private one between the treasurer and Mr. Bland, in which the auditors were asked by the Council to assist in unravelling the difficulty.., The auditors found that Mr. Bland's contention—that he had. issued two receipts, and entered the amount twice in his return book, and signed for by the treasurer-r-was correct, but that he had not advanced sufficient proof to establish his claim to a refund of the money (£23 12s Australian Story. — Miss -Millie FmlvelsLein, " Montifiore, :: Hanover-street Fitzroy, is the. authoress of a new Austra lian storyr of thrilling interest. : The work is.being published at 2s. 6d., and the proceeds- are :to be devoted to the overdraft liquidation fund' of the' East: .Melbourne St. John's Peesbtterian . Chhucii JissKCTios.-- A sacred concert will be held in this church this eveumg, in aid of the organ fund. The programme, which is most interesting one; including a number selections from the great oratorio, advertised. SnLr-DENiAx "W^ek.—A sjoecial ap rpo»l^^-^lic7rcUrtrltalily^rspMea'^i? to be made on.behalf of the Melbourne Hospital, by means of. a • week of self-denial, which will commence on Monday, the 20tli May, and continue until Sunday, the 26th May, both those days being included We trust that the appeal will be generously responded to. : There is: moi.person earning lnoriey, :so p.oor.that:he or. she cannot contribute® mite to help this magnificent and' deserving in slitution over its difficulties. The smoker can nse;one,plugless of tobacco; or: dispense with-oneior two cigars; lianding ovetthe sum thus saved to the Self-denial. Fund ; .tlie man who takes a drop can. become a total abstainer for the week, thus'saving, without injury to liiniself, a sum which lie can hand over ,to the hospital.:,. Women; :thbugh not' customarily addicted to sriiokiii.!; and drinking, can still find a thousand means of saving by dispensing with - some uncon sidcred trifle. Everyone can save some thing in so good a cause,, and'-even the children's pennies will be acceptable. Carrying —Mayne, JSTickless, and' Co., -the. well known and old established firm, advertise their r ~business m the first column on our front page. As the firm is notedsfor itspunctuali*dispatch^'ahd dcHvery of.all'orders.-tliose.-who.entrust^their'work :have a: good ,guarantee-of its faithful; execu tion. An ETnpliiasant Practice —Oo_ plaint has been made to ns by the secietary of the Queen's Birthday Sports Meeting that a large number of their posters have been covered by bills put up by Mr W $ Marshall. Mention • having been made in print, it is hoped will be sufficient u) pre vent a repetition. The offending party, will, perhaps, take note that the action is distastcful .to the sporting, community,, and also to. those interested in the cause- of benevolence Recital —There is to le a recital \- " Marley's Ghost/' by the Bex S Heoto TTerguson, on Monday, 13th May, in the Masonic Hall The -recitals in connection School. Dra^iatic:.Enti!RTA'Injient.—Attention is called to an advertisement m another column, notifying tliat an' entertainment in tlieisliape of a draniatic performance :wiU be held m St Monica's Hall, Essendon, in aid of the choir fund of St Monica's Church. The performance, which will be tinder the direct on of Mr ~ ~ Enni j of the la lor Carrmgton Compan promi e to be an attract ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ l ^ i m e a n ^ o f J^Xe fi embec o of their " Cinderella -dinces _this eason mrthe iJ"en»: Hall on Monda night his^ eason The ii attendance 'i •was not 1 rge but night The delightful, evening^ 'theL.mu tho e present ic beme pent 1 cellent^the refre hment 'the tniu ^ood ic the lloori ditto/and notonconv enientl crowded, nd' fithem elves -in. the be t of all jio ible iumour Jfor dancing ^ ^ - fTn'gtthatl^r ^ Z ^ t h m ^ l t f l ^ trom>EuckIe treet to 894 Asco^Vale i PeoperttSal^:—TadgeUBros.advertise for .sale on Saturday rnextj 'at 3. o'clock? on the property; Norwood' Crescent; : •Moonee: PondSj.v-bricli "and' weatherboard' residericej known as: "-Holmesdale. J ": :The property occupies, one of stive : finestrj-positions M-in Moonee . Ponds, and the auctioneers • have had numerous offers to rent, which cannot at7p'resent be .entertained'^ for absolute sale. . ' Melbouhnis College. 1 '——Particulars "of additions to the teach ing..stafF. of the above, college in: Ascot Vale will be found in theVadvertis'eme'nt. :: ^ :: : : :. ' 1?uknitube.Sale. : —Tadi^ell Bros, adver-. tise/fpr^ale^to-d^^^.^^^ o'clock, at 8 PuckleTStreet east, Moonee Ponds, furniture and effects, without, reserve. 