(£mt$pu&tutt.; KARCOO CARRIERS. Sir, — In your issue of the *29ib of June, UDdcr tbc above heading, Michael Ballinger bq natter's nominee before they can get loading and tdds, 'As oue of the oldest carriers in the Barcoo electorate, I give the above a most positive denial, and defy the Worker to produce the slightest evidence that such a fuolish attemnt at » oercion has ever been made in this (Blackali) district.' We feel, moreover, that since Mr. F. H. Murphy's death Ulackall has 1-een virtually disfran chised, I do not know what foundation the Worker had for its statement, bnt as to the ways of the party (ihe la'e Mr. F. R. Murphy's) which Mr. Ballinger so much deplores the loss of, I may be able to enlighten Lhobe not already familiar with them. Black water was the Railway terminus in lb~S when I went lo Black all, and was engaged by Mr., now the Honourable Felix Clewett ; about ISSU was appointed his manager, and as such could well realise the importance of the carrying industry, and the desirableness of having r be carriers settled around tbe towo. But the carriers especially complained that whenever land was resumed ostensibly for settlement, the eyes or permanent water holes &c;, were first picked out by tbe squatters' gross abuse of the pre-emptive clause, thus Hence when about 1SS3 a public meeting was held in Hlackall to petition for some vast area being resumed, and thrown open for selection in 20,000 acre blocks, the Wettern Champion correctly reported in effect that Mr. Ord said, 'That as a good deal of ill feeling had been engendered hitherto by the abuse of the right to pre-empt would further area to take steps to prevent such abuses in the future.' Now for Mr. F. R. Murphy's assistance in tbc matter. Shortly after the appearance of tbe local paper a responsible employee of Mr. Mnrphy called on me in my office adjoining Air. Clewctt's and I certainly believe, intentionally, within that gentleman (my employer's) hearing, vehemently threatened that 'be would let me see it was not to my interest to make such remarks.' So much for Mr. liallinger's ideaL That my remarks were warranted enough the next election showed. Even the Queen slander oaly last month in its letterpress to pictures of Blackall deplores that the municipal boundary should be so Leramed Jq by vast sheep- waits to tbe exclusion of botta jide homesteads. Let Michael Ballinger consider the case of tbe widow of that other Michael, a. carrier, and her la^t, ride from her stjection to BtackslL She started for medical aid, bnt the blocks of Mx. BaUinget-'s types ot ** education, ability, and energy,' had to be first passed, so that an arrival in town a certificate was all that was needed from tbe doctor. Meantime the shepherd that is gentle had been mustering. As tbe pioneers' hope ' that they had opened a track for a nation's tread,' Ernest Favenc sums it all up in his ' Ghosts of the Desert ' (Sydney Bulletin, I5tb December) ; though when he Bay* ?' that dead souls prayed for the Uviog,' many will put their own interpellation on it. Finally, in view of any charge of squatter phobia, let it be remembered that if Blacks!! objected to pre-emptive wrongs, it ia, I believe, also responsible (through the leader ship, if not llie actual inception, by a town councillor) for the tirst artesian bore in Queensland, which, by example, Lm since eo enhanced the value of pastoral properties. I, for one, hope lhat that district will never a train revert to the abuses and tyranny of the past, even if H is not to be to uiy iuterest to make such remarks as Mr. IUlUnger's ideal tried to impress on me. lain,**., V. Om-. 3th July, 1S85. 