TOPICS OF THE DAY. Oat with it boîdly ; truth loves open deaHnes.'" Sar as YOU think, and speak it from your souls. SHAKESPEARE THE late Mr. Sullivan, of Wilberforce, who was a Hawkesbury native, and who had hosts of friends in the district -used to tell startling stories of his experiences many years ago at a place called " Ten Mile Hollow, " somewhere in the vicinity of the Macdonald River. He was with a sur- veying party on the first occasion that he visited the locality, and whilst they were all sitting down at dinner, a sound was heard as of stones falling in close proximity to them and at short intervals. At the fall of the first two or three, one of the party called out to some other members of it, sitting some little distance away, " Hi, stop throwing those stones" -thinking that the missies had been projected by one or more their number. A denial was made instanter, and scarcely had it been uttered before the sound was repeated again and again. A search was instituted, but the source from which the " stones"-which could not be seen, though their fall was distinctly heard on every occasion-could not be ascertained. It was currently ru- mored ever afterwards that " Ten Mile Hollow" was haunted ; that some love-sick damsel, deceived and deserted in the long- long-ago, had hied her away to this seclu- ded nook, there to spend the remainder of her days in solitude and sorrow. Rumor also had it that she ventured forth into the daylight now in one form, now in another -on one occasion posing as a meek, soft- eyed sheep, on another as a strange song- less bird, and yet a third time as her own dead self, with ghost-like face, white cling- ing garments, bright flashing eyes, and streaming looks through which the wind played incessantly. This is the story that has been told, and there are several folk in the district, who, having visited the wild and romantic spot alluded to, express their belief that some strange, uncanny being haunts its weird and wooded recesses. There is an old saying to the effect that it is much better to be born lucky than rich, and its truth was very effectively ex- emplified recently, in connection with the wreck of the ill-fated Catterthun. Â stewardess who had made several trips to the East, and a resident of a district adja- cent to the Hawkesbury, went on board with the object of taking up her position, but was informed hy the authorities that as no lady passengers had been booked, and as it was unlikely that any would be, her ser- vices would not be needed that trip. The stewardess left, and on her way from the wharf, meeting the husband of a lady friend residing in one of the suburbs, ac- cepted an invitation to go and stay with his good lady for a few days. Scarcely had the stewardess left the Gatterthun's office before several lady passengers were booked, and in consequence a messenger was des- patched iu search of the stewardess who had so recently left, the scene. She could not be found, however, and consequently another one had to be engaged for the trip, with the result that she perished, in com- mon with all her lady charges, when the Eastern vessel struck on Seal Rocks and foundered in forty fathoms of blue water. Truly, " nothing is stranger than the dom- inance bf chance," for as Ouida puts it " What avail are experience, prescience, prudence, wisdom, in this world when at every chance step the silliest- trifle, the most common-place meeting, an invitation to dinner, a turn down the wrong street, the dropping of a glove, the delay of a j train, the introduction to an unnoticed stranger, will fling down every precaution and build a fate for us of which we nbver dream," is ten thousand times worse than death it- self, inasmuch as it condemns the sufferer to the horrors of a living death-«ras un- earthed in tb« city of Brisbane. There are now quite a number of lepers in the northern colony-and though they are alien« for th« most part, in their ranks are several Europeans and natives of Queens- land itself ; they have been increasing to such an alarming extent that it is time the authorities took some steps in the direction of discovering tue manner and means bj which the disease was introduced into what used to be 44 whit» Australia/' Its spread may certainly be regarded ras a menace to the white and cleanly population, and therefore, as their ir i teres ti should be para- mount, the Government of the day, pledged to conserve those interests, should deal with the question firmly and expeditiously. It is contended, and certainly not without reason, that the presence in such strong force in the colony of the representatives oí a number of alien races has been the cause of leprosy spreading with such rapidity, and consequently it would appear that in order to cope with the difficulty which presents itself, the authorities should lose no time in dealing with the influx of aliena question. The introduction into the colony of repre- sentatives of degraded races, who do not conform to the sanitary and other condi- tions under which the average European lives, and whose standard of morality is ever so much lower-has done much to- wards disseminating disease and towards building up the lazarettes in which the vic- tims to leprosy have to live out their days in confinement and seclusion. Cheap Asiatic labour will, after all, prove very dear indeed to the northern colony if it should be instrumental, as seems to be the case, in making it a dumping ground for leprous Chinese, Europeans, and Kanakas. An amended Mining Bill is sadly needed, so that under its provisions full scope might be afforded those to do so who de- sire to unearth the mineral wealth which lies secreted in the bowels of the earth. This colony is rich to a marvellous degree in the possession of almost every known variety of mineral, but the mining laws are so framed that the greatest difficulty im- aginable is experienced by those who would, by hard work and diligence, increase the volume of the colony's wealth by tap- ping its great and almost unlimited re- sources in the direction indicated. All sorts of barriers are raised, and the bona fide miner has very little show indeed of securing access to land capable of being re aiuneratively worked. It was thought that the passage of a Mining on Private Property Act would remedy all cause for complaint, but not so ; the landowners in the Upper House emasculated the measure sent them, and as il stands at the present time it is of small utility to the poor but practical miner. The disabilities under which this class of men labor may be illustrated by the following circumstance. Two men se- cured the right to dig on a piece of property in a north-western district, the owner being a well-known squatter. They had to pay £1 per month for the privilege, and found it difficult enough to do that. One day whilst they were cartidg a load of " stuff'' down to the creek to 41 wash" it, Sir Squat- ter came along and asked, " Who gave you permission to have a horse on the ground ?." " We must have a horse, Mr. -Bftid one of the men ; " we must have a horse to do our carting with-but wc don't let him loose; when he's not working we tie him up and feed him." Mr Squatter professed to disbelieve this latter statement, and said, " I gave you no per- mission to keep a horse here, and you'll have to pay me 10/- a month or take him »ut of this." And the miners had to ac- cede to this demand, or else seek fresh fields and pastures Dew. That's how the mining industry is encouraged. At Warren an eleven »yt ar«old youngster cirarette-snioking. Juvenile smokers are to foe found by tbe score in Windsor, and on any night an observant persan may see specimens of the mature infant idling at street corners, or swaggering along the street, with cigarettes between their lips. They don't even smoke in secret, though most of them are imbued with the whole some idea that it wouldn't be healthy to let their parents catch them at the game. Pre- sumably because they are considered the mildest and less hurtful form of indulgence as far as the tobacco habit is concerned, cigarettes are chiefly used by boys fresh from the nursery ; but it is asserted upon the very best scientific authority that cigarette-smoking is the worst and most distinctly injurious form of tobacco in- dulgence. This applies to adults as weil as to children ; but, of course men, stronger of nerve and more hardy of tissue, are better able to withstand the assaults of nicotiue. Upon the young, however, the habit of smoking in any form has the most pernicious influence. It is a danger, physically and morally. It stunts his growth, undermines his nervous system, and inculcates in him selfish and slavish habits ; it injures the sight, and, when in- dulged in to excess, it impairs, and even destroys the intellect. This is shown by the excerpt above. Smoking injures the sight, without question. Let any man who is addicted to the pipe practice abstenanc« for a few months, or even weeks, and if he observes the result, he will find out for him self that the assertion is beyond controversy. In New York a statute law exists which prohibits boys under a certain age smoking in the streets, and there are no doubt occasions when all persons who possess a modicum of manhood, and to whom years have brought taste and wisdom, have yearned for similar legislation in this colony. In the streets of our town mere boys have frequently accosted passers-by for matches wherewith to light their * bumpers.' À firm snubbing would meet exigencies of this kind, and perhaps act as a slight deterrent. Consistent discouragement on the part of parents would mitigate the evil. Not only fathers and mothers, but ali sensible people who have the interests of the juvenile population at heart, should do their utmost to put down this detestable and injurious habit of cigarette-smoking among young boys. UnlcBs we are blessed with an immediate and copious fall of rain, it will be impossible to estimate the amount of disaster that must inevitably follow in the wake of the bush fires that have devastated the forests and spread over the pastures of the district. Grass was scarce enough, in ail conscience, but now every blade had been burnt up on some of the farms. Bountiful showers at j the present juncture would serve a twofold purpose ; they would extinguish the smoul- dering fireB which break out afresh with every puff of wind, and they would trans- j form the black and funereal PS peet of much of the land into a prospect of verdancy and freshness. In some parts of the district the cattle were subsisting on the scrub ; but tho fire- fiend has devoured everything that they would eat, and their owners are ii> sore straits. Reduced in circumstances by the effects of two floods in the early part of the year, few of them were in a position to withstaud the ravages ol the protracted drought which succeeded, and even those who were provident enough to store up winter fodder for their stock have found the end of it, u,nd are now sending their cattle away in order tô try and pull them through. Where green trees are plentiful they are being felled for the »tock, in the hope that they may be kept alive till the turn of the tide. Our orchardists, too, have suffered severely through the perverseness of the seasons. What tb« frost has left undone in the way of destruction is being accom- plished by the drought and the bush fires. Out agricultural* dairyings and fruit-pro* riuninirM harrassed with difficulty and misfortune than any other «lass. When they haven't a flood they have a first-class drought, and when they have neither they have some- thing else by way of variety-a species of plague for instance, when locusts and grasshoppers, caterpiller«, and codlin moth gobble up their crops and their pastures, and deteriorate their fruit. Then the smut has a "chip in," destroying the coba of corn as they form, and to end the farmers' woes, the weevil, perhaps the worst of »ll the pests, makes its home among the grain that has been garnered. Then, to add the last straw which breaks the camel's back, the maize that hat been raised by the sweat of the farmers' brow, and amid so much difficulty, is very soften sold for 1/8 per bushel, a price that is calculated to break the heart of the biggest etoio that ever followed a plough. Verily, the lot of the ! men on the land is not a happy one just now, and it is to be sincerely hoped that the corner which leads round to a new era of prosperity is near at hand. À good electioneering story is told about a candidate for a Western constituency. He was a publican, and he received each sub- stantial promises of support that he haft every reason to regard his chances of suc- cess as being rather rosy. When the Bam- bers went up on polling-day, however; hs discovered to his great disgust that onijr some 20 or SO votes had been recorded in his favor. He took his gruel kindly, how- ever, and went back to his bar again, possessed of a rather poor opinion of liu man nature. As the day wore on, hs had numerous callers, each of whom symjpà» thised with him, and announced that hs (the caller) at any rate had voted the right ticket-and had a drink on the cheap. It was not long before the whole of the votifs which the Boniface had secured were *e-s counted for-but still they carne along, *U sorts and conditions of men, -prepared to swear that they had voted solidly for the publican. At length the victim began to tire of the deception being practiced ufkpn him, and rounded on the latest arriva) 'ip very strong terms indeed. " By heavens,*' h» ejaculated j 44 there must bs something wrong about that election-there must have been some leakage about the ballot^1 box, or something of that tort. You't* about the ons hundred aud-tw«ntieth chap as has told me he Voted for me, anfl yet I was only credited with twenty or thirty votes by the Returning-officer. I think; ^ jove, that I'll call for s re-count." The procession of 44 free and independent" io the bar stopped af ter this. It happened in a well-known up-oonntrj town that a friend had been invited to dinner by a certain pedagogue, and the chief dish on the table was one of fish. The guest, of course, ate it after the othodox fashion, but the host «imply fired away with knife and fork aB though he were en- gaged upon the discussion of a huge slab of leathery steak. The good housewife at- tempted at intervals to attract his attention and induce him to suspend operations, but he managed to evade her stony giaré, and, much to her irritation, continued bil repast. At length the good lady lost patience, and turning to the only ébiÛU who sat at her side, remarked in a loud tone of voice, 44 Johnny, just show yomr father how to eat fish." Her " Woree" half looked up confusedly, and said,44 Some people eat fish one way and some another way, but I believe in sticking to ths old style, and I'll eat it with my knife and fork' as usual," And he did. It is, truth to say, rather laughable to watch the averag* country-man in a Sydney restaurant, dis- cussing a bony fish-endeavouring te co»> form to society's praotioes, hut plainly inclined to pitch etiquette to the dogs and enter upon the repast -with the < .nsu^^fi^V^^^I^^^^^^ 