Religious. Pilate's Wash-basin. SERMON BY REV. DR. TALMAGE. "He took water and washed his hands before the multitude, saying. I am inno-<*> cent of the blood of this Just person; see ye to it."—Matthew xxvii. 24. At about 8 o'clock In the morning, up the marble stairs of a palace, and across floors of richest mosaic and under ceil ings dyed with all the splendours of col our, and between snowbanks of white and glistening sculpture, papses a poor, pale, young man of 33, already condemned to c*efith, on His way to be condemned again. Jesus of Nazareth Is His name. Coming out to meet Him on this tes sellated pavement is an unscrupulous, compromising, time- serving, cowardly man, with a few traces of sympathy and fair dealing left in his composition— Governor Pontius Pilate. Did ever such opposites meet ? Luxury and pain, sel fishness and generosity, arrogance and humility, sin and holiness. PILATE AND JESUS. Governor Pilate cross-questions the pri soner, and finds right away He Is inno cent, and wants to let Him go. His caution Is also increased by some one who comes to the Governor and whispered In his ear. It is a messnge from Claudia Procula, his beautiful wife, who has had a dream about the innocence of this prl • soner. and about the danger of execut ing Him, and she awakens from this morning dream in time to convey the message to her husband, then on the judicial bench. And what with the protest of his wife, and the voice of his own conscience, and the entire failure " of the Sanhedrlsts to make out their ca*e, Governor Pilate resolves to dis charge the prisoner from custody. But the intimation of such a thing brings upon the Governor an equinoctial storm of indlgnntlon. They will report him. to the Emt-eror at Rome. They v/ 111 have him recalled. Th«v will send him up home, and he will be hung for treason, for the JJmperor has already a suspicion In regard to Pilate. SO PILATE COMPROMISES the matter, end proposes that Christ be whipped instead of assassinated. The prisoner is fastened to a low bench, and on His bent and bared back come the thongs of leather, with pieces of lead and bone Intertwisted. Christ lifts Him self from the scourging with flushed cheek and torn and quivering flesh, pre senting a spectacle of suffering in which Rubens, the painter, found the theme for his greatest masterpiece. But the Sanhedrlsts are not yet satis fied. So Governor Pontius Pilate, after all this merciful hesitation, surrenders Him to the demoniacal cry of " Crucify Him !" But the Governor sends for something. He sends'a slave out to get something. Although the constables are in haste to take the prisoner to execution, and the vociferous mob outside are impatient to glare upon their victim, a pause is necessitated. Yonder it comes—the wash-basin. Some pure, bright water is poured into it, and then Governor Pilate puts his white, delicate hands into the water, and rubs them together, and then-lifts them, dripping, from the towel fastened at the slave's girdle, while he practically says : "I wash- my hands of this whole homicidal transac tion. I wash my hands of thl? entire responsibility ; you will have to bear it." That is the meaning of my text when it says, " He took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just per son ; see ye to it." I. Behold in this that ceremony amounts to nothing, if there be not In It correspondences of heart and life. It is a good thing to wash the hands. God created three-quarters of the world water, \- and In. that commanded cleanliness ; nnd, when the ancients did not take the hint, He plunged the world under water, and kept it there for some time. Hand washing was A RELIGIOUS CEREMONY emong the Jews. The Jewish Mishna gave particular direction how that the hands must be thrust three times up to the wrists in water, and the palm of the band must be rubbed with the closed fist of the other. All that was well enough for a symbol, but here In the text Is a man who proposes to wash away the guilt of a sin which he does not quit, and of which he does not make any re pentance. His wash-basin was a dead failure. Ceremonies, however beautiful and ap propriate, may be no more than this hypocritical ablution. In infancy we may be sprinkled from the baptismal font and in manhood we may wade into deep Immersions, and yet never come to moral purification. We may kneel with out prayer, and bow without reverence, and sing without any acceptance. All your creeds, and liturgies, and sacra ments, and genuflexions, and religious convocations amount to nothing unless your heart-life go into them. When that bronzed slave took from the presence of Pilate that wash-basin, he carried away none of Pilate's cruelty, or Pilate's wic kedness. Nothing against creeds ; we all have them, either written or implied. Nothing against sacraments ; they are divinely commanded. Nothing against Epiphany, or Lent, .or Ash Wednesday, or Easter, or Good Friday, or Whitsuntide, or Palm 6-unday, if these symbols have behind them genuine repenta/ice and holy remi niscence and Christian consecration. But ceremony is only the sheath to the sword, It Is only the shell to the kernel, it is only the lamp to the flame, it is only the body to the spirit. The outward must be symbolical of the inward. Wash the hands, by all means, but, more than all, wash the heart. 11\. Behold, also, as you see the Gover nor Pontius Pilate thrust his hand into this wash-basin, the power of conscience. He had an idea there was BLOOD ON HIS HAND— the blood of an innocent person, whom he might have acquitted if he only had the courage. Poor Pilate ! his conscience was after him, and he knew the stain would never be washed from the right hand or the left hand, and until the day of his death, though he might wash u in all the layers of the Romin Empire, there would be still eight fingers and two thumbs red with blood at the tips. Oh, the power of conscience when 1t Is fully aroused ! With whip of scorpions over a bed of spikes in pitch of midnight it chases guilt Are there ghosts ? Yes, not of the graveyarA, but of one's mind not at rest. "And thus Brutus, amid his slumbering host, Startled at Caesar's stalwart ghost" Macbeth looked at his hand .after the midnight assassination, and he says : " Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood Clean from my hand 7 No ; this my hand will rather The multitudinous seas lncarnardlne. Making the green one red." For every sin, great or small, con science, which is the voice of God, has a reproof more or less emphatic. Charles IX., responsible for Bt. Bartholomew massacre, was chased by the bitter memo ries, and in his dying moment said to his doctor, Ambrose Parry.: "Doctor, I don't know what's the matter with me ; I am in a fever of body and mind, and have been for a long while. Oh, if I had only spared the innocent, and the imbecile, and the cripple !" Rousseau declared in old age that a sin he com mitted in his youth still gave him sleep less nights. Charles 11. of Spain could not sleep unless he had in the room a confessor and two friars. Cataline had such bitter memories he was startled at the least sound. Richard 111., having slain his two nephews, would sometimes in the night shout from his couch and clutch his sword, fighting apparitions. From what did Adam and Eve try to hide when they had all the world to them selves ? From their own conscience. What made Cain's punishment greater than he could bear ? His conscience. What made Ahab cry out to the prophet, " Hast thou found ,me, O mine enemy ?" What made the great Felix tremble be fore Paul, the missionary of Christ ? Conscience. What made Felshazsar's teeth chatter with a chill when he saw a finger come out ot the black sleeve of the midnight and write on the plas tering ? Conscience, conscience. Why is that man in this audience, with all the marks of worldly prosperity .upon him, agitated while I speak, and is n6w Hushed and is now pale, with a look of HORROR AND DESPAIR ? I know not. But he knows, and God knows. It may be that he despoiled a fair' young life and turned Innocence into a wail, and • the smile of hope into the brasen laughter of despair. Or it may be that he has in his possession the property of others, and by some stra tagem he keeps It according to law, and yet he knows it is not his own. Or it may be he is responsible for the disap pearance of some one who is never heard: of, and there are only two persons in the universe who know of it—God and himself. God and conscience—con rcfence with stings, and pincers, and flairs, and furnaces, is upon him. -And until a man's conscience rouses him he does not repent. What made that FARMER CONVERTED to God go to his infidel neighbour and.-, say : " Neighbour, I have four of your sheep. They came over into my fold six -' years ago. They had your mark upon': them, and I changed them to my mark. I want you to have those sheep, and I want you to have the interest on the money, and I want you to have the increase of the fold; and if you want to send me to prison, I shall make no complaint !" The in fidel heard of the man's conversion, and he said : " Now, now, if you have got them sheep you are welcome to thetn. . 1 don't want nothing of those things,at all. You Just go away from me. Some thing has got) hold of you I don't under stand. I heard you were down at those ? religious meetings." What was the mat ter with the two. farmers ? In the one case a convicted conscience leading him to hone?ty, and in the other case a con victed conscience warning against infi delity. Thomas Oliver was one of John Wes ley's preachers. The early part of his life had been full of recklessness, and be had made debts wherever he could borrow. He was converted to God, and then he went forth to preach and pay his debts. He had a small amount of property left him, and Immediately set out to pay his debts, and everybody knew he was in earnest ; and to con summate the last payment he had to sell his horse and saddle and bridle. That was conscience. That Is converted con science. That is religion. Why the thousands of dollars sent every year to the United States Treasury at Wash ington as " CONSCIENCE MONEY ?" Why. It simply means there are post masters, and there are attorneys, and there are officials who sometimes retain that Which doea not belong: to them : and these men are converted, or under power ful pressure of conscience they make restitution. Conversion amounts to no thing unles? the heart is converted, and the pocket-book Is converted, and the cash drawer is converted, and the ledger is converted, and the fire-proof safe is converted, and the pigeonhole contain ing the correspondence is converted; and the .improvement is noticed even by the canary bird that sings In the par lour, and the cat that licks the platter after the meal, and the dog that comes bounding from the kennel Fo greet him. A man half-converted, or a quarter con verted, or a thousandth part converted, Is not converted at all. What will be the great book In the Day of Judgment ? Conscience. Conscience recalling mis improved opportunities. Conscience re calling unforgiven sips. Conscience bringing up all the past. 111\. But is there no such thing as MORAL PURIFICATION ? If a man is a sinner once, must he always be a sinner, and an unforgiven sinner ? We have all had conscience after us. Is there no layer in which the soul may wash and be clean ? Yes, yes, yes. Tell it in song, tell it in ser mon, tell it in prayers, tell it to the hemispheres. That 1b what David cried out for when he said, "Wash me throughly from my sin, and cleanse me from mine iniquities." And that is what, iv another place, he cried out for when he 88 id, " Wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow." Behold, the layer of the Gospel, filled with living fountains. Did you ever see the picture of the layer In the ancient tabernacle or In the ancient temple ? The layer In the ancient taber nacle was made out of the women's me tallic looking glasses. It was a great basin, standing on a beautiful pedestal; but when the temple was built, then the layer was an immense affair, called the brazen sea. That magnificent layer of the old .dispensation la a type of the more glorious layer of our dispensation, our sunlight dispansation. Here is the layer holding RIVERS OF SALVATION, having for its pedestal the Rock of Ages, carved with the figure of the Lion of Judah's tribe, and having palm branches for victory. Come, ye people, and wash all your elns, however aggravated, and all your sorrows, however agonlsng. Come to this fountain, open for all sin nnd uncleanness, the furthest, the worst. You need not carry your sins half-a second. Come and wash in this glori ous Gospel layer. Why, that, is an op portunity enough to swallow up all na tions. That is an opportunity that will yet stand on the Alps and beckon to Italy, and yet stand on the Pyrenees and beckon to Spain, and it will yet stand on the Ural and beckon to Russia, and it will stand at the gate of heaven and beckon to alt nations. Pardon for all sin, and pardon right away, through the blood of the Son of God. A LITTLE CHILD that had been blind, but through skilful surgery was. restored to sight, said, "Why, mother, why didn't you tell me the earth and the sky are so beautiful ? Why didn't you tell me?" "Oh," re plied the mother, "my child, I did tell you often ; I often told.you how beau tiful they are ; but you were blind, and you couldn't see !" Oh, if we could have our eyes opened to see the glories in Jesus Christ, we would feel that the half had not been told us, and you would go to some Christian and say, " Why didn't you tell me before the glories In the Lord Jesus Christ ?" and that friend would say, " I did tell you, but you were blind and could not see, and you were deaf and could not hear." Against the disappointing and insuffi cient layer of Pilate's vice, and Pilate's cowardice, and Pilate's sin, 1 place the brazen sea of a Saviour's pardoning mercy ! / Captain H. Webber, who was here in the Zealandia (says the " 8. M. Herald"), in writing to his brother in Sydney from 11 Nanking on the 26th March, mentioned that he has received a decoration for his services as master of the Chinese trans port Irene. The decoration consists of Shat is termed the Imperial Order of the ouble Dragon, third class, a first de gree " for services rendered to China under trying and dangerous circum stances." The award came from the . Emperor through Li Hung Chang, the Viceroy. It may be interesting in view of the notion tbat many have about the loss of some of these Chinese orders, such for example as the Peacock's Feather, that-the Double.Dragon is a silk collar richly embroidered.ln gold, silver, and , silks formed into two" dragons, and ac companying it is a beautifully-made gold medal with an jamethyst in the centre and a dragon on either side. In his letter \- referring. to the war Captain Webber mentions that Mr. Hearson, who was a naval engineer at Sydney during Admiral Tryon's regime, Is in charge of the en gineering college. The Chinese admit ' now that they were not prepared for such a war, and their defeat 1b due to their backward policy and the treachery of many of their generals. About Corea the writer says :—" The Coreans are still in revolt. . The Chinese —that is, the great masses of the people—seem yet unable to realise that a war is going on, and it ia actually difficult to make them believe that the country is at war." As to the. way- that the shipping companies have acted, he says :—" The China Mer chant Company had all but eight of their steamers laid up (they have twenty-five vessels), still not an officer nor a man was paid off." A brush took place a day or two ago at Hankow between Aye British tar 8, fifteen French, and some Belgians, the last from the cotton mills. The bluejackets from the British ship came off with flying colours, one strap ping fellow laying out every man that came near him. Twenty-seven were conveyed to the hospital. The French captain left next day for Hongkong with his ship." A Japanese pearlshell diver on the coast of Western Australia has been 1 eaten by sharks. ( Back or Gnu/a Faocx. [See "D::ss and Fashion."] Gnu.'b Faocx. [Sea "Dress and Fashion."] 