The Infallibility of the Pope. Address by Bishop Doyle. Os Sunday evening there was a very large attend= ance at St. Carthage's Church to hear Bishop Doyle's address on the above subject. The audience included a number of members of other denomina- tions, attracted to hear his Lordship's deliverance ou a subject which, in conjunction with that of the Reunion of Christendom, is being generally dis- cussed of late in Great Britain as well as in our own colony. The large audience listened with the greatest attention throughout the address. The Right Reverend Dr. DOYLE said:- It is perfectly safe to affirm that no century of the Christian era has witnessed so many striking event as that now drawing to a close. The first quarter saw the great wars in which vast Empires crumbled and the map of the world was required to be painted anew. It is in this century that the great triumphs of science have been accomplished. The marvels of the electric current have annihilated distance ; men can now converse with friends ten thousand miles away. Communications that in former ages required months for transmission, are now made in us many minutes. In the midst of al; these material advances and scientific pursuits, the Church has not stood still ; all down the century shr has bden extending her lines, widening the circle ov her operations, and making glorious conquests in the cause of Christ. The great religious revolt of three centuries before, wrested from her sway some of the fairest provinces of the old world, but in this century she has sought out new worlds, to com pen- sate in some measure for the loss of the old. The first half of this century saw the most learned men of England's greatest University engaged in a profound and serious study of the sacred Scripture and the early Christian writers, and prying into manuscripts of Christian literature in the ancient Greek and Latin languages. Those men were earliest, honest, and sincere Protestants, trained in the ritual of the Protestant Church by law estab- lished, in England three centuries before. The result of these studies was to convince them that the Church of England, by law established, was not the church of Augustine, Cyprian, Chrysostom, or any of the early fathers - in a word, that it was not the one founded by Christ, but something set up by an English Monarch. From a worldly point of view they had nothing to gain, but everything to lose, if they abandoned the Anglican Church. But worldly considerations weighed not with them when the question of eternal salvation was in the balance, the decisive step must be taken, and so Newman, Manning, and many others of the brightest intel- lects in the Anglican communion took refuge in the holy Catholic Church. Profound commotion was caused in England by this tractarian move- ment, as it was called; bitter things were spoken, and the fires of anti-catholic animosity were kindled afresh. The new converts to Rome were fiercely denounced for putting into practice the boasted first principle of Protestantism - private judgment. They honestly sought for the truth, and found it only in the Catholic Church. Not- withstanding all these denunciations, that stream turned Romewards fifty odd years ago, still steadily flows and increases in volume, coming down the years as it passes the mudbanks of bigotry, and crass ignorance, and comes into a plane of more enlightenment, toleration, and pro- gress. A few weeks ago an English nobleman. Lord Halifax, who occupies the chairmanship of a great organisation within the Anglican Church known us the English Church Union sought an interview with the Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII. The object of this visit to Rome was to endeavour to promote a union of his great party with the Catholic Church. The Pope on his part has ad- dressed a letter to the English people. In this document the Holy Father expresses his paternal solicitude for the spiritual welfare of the English people, and earnestly prays for their return to the one fold of the one shepherd. What the result will be it is difficult to determine. Although the Church Union of Lord'Halifax has on its rolls three thousand ministers of the Anglican Church, the bread and potatoes of Anglican Bishops and ministers of to-day are so wondrously diversified, that it is impossible to say how far the Chairman represents even the Church Union itself. The respectful manner, however, in which the Pope's letter has been received and criticised by the English press and people', is in remarkable and pleasing contrast to the insane howlings and exe- crations which greeted the letter of his predecessor Pius IX, when re-establishing the Catholic Hierarchy in England 45 years ago. At that time any English Government placing a Catholic in any position of trust, could not hold office for twenty four hours. Now, thank God, things are changed, Catholics are no longer regarded as moral monsters. We find a fervent and practical Catholic serving his country as Lord Chief Justice of England, and others in the Councils of the Imperial Government itself. But notwithstanding all this enlightenment, and toleration, much ignorance of Catholic faith and practice remains to be dispelled. That great wall of bigotry constructed three centuries ago, and carefully cemented every Sunday evening by the legal preacher, and the village parson does not readily crumble. It will take much of the search- light of education and progress to penetrate that vast mass of prejudice and ignorance. There are many lions in the path of union with the Holy See. Indeed, in this case, the most of them are not lions, generally speaking, they are mostly phantoms, ghosts, spectres - now-a-days named "Spooks."' The chief of those "Spooks" called into active service regards the Infallibility of the Pope. For his annual or periodical charity sermon, the average parson finds that the good old subjects of the Spanish Inquisition, Gallileo, Guy Fawkes, St. Bartholomew, and others that have rendered such signal service to the cause of good Protestantism in the past are not nearly so palatable to his innocent and frequently ignorant hearers, as is the subject of the Pope himself. The Pope, of course, is de- cribed as the Man of Sin, Antichrist, and should one be permitted to approach near enough to him, there would be no difficulty in seeing that instead of an ordinary foot he was the possessor of a cloven hoof, and on a closer scrutiny and further inquiry it would be found that he had a caudal appendage concealed somewhere in the folds of his drapery. In a word, that there is complete evidence to prove that he is the "old boy himself." Laurence Sterne, a great humourist of the last cen- tury, who was an Anglican minister in Yorkshire, tolls us that whenever he had no sermon or mental pabu- lum for his congregation on the Sundays, he always gave them some "Cheshire cheese," which they relished immensely. This "Cheshire cheese" of Sterne's was lavish abuse of Pope and Popery. This is an article of faith with ignorant Protestantism, which the spread of education will soon remove. But it is with the erroneous and sometimes extrava- gant ideas and conclusions of the intelligent, liberal, fair-minded and honest Protestant, that I have to deal this evening. How many of them have any complete grasp of this question of Papal infalli- bility as an article of Catholic faith ? They glibly talk of this as if it were an article of faith with Catholics that they must believe and obey the Pope speaking and commanding on any possible subject religious, political or otherwise. Indeed, it seems a settled belief with many intelligent Protestants that if a Bishop, as the representative of the Pope, commanded the Catholics of his diocese to vote for Parkes, Reid, or Dibbs in the coming general elec- tion, the good, obedient, and submissive Catholic was left nothing else to do but obey the orders of an infallible Pope. Going further afield we find some- thing similar in the course of English politics, notably among the Conservatives, or what is some- times called the "stupid" party, who at periods of political trouble in Ireland have gone much out of their way, in recent years, to endeavour to obtain some pronouncement from the Vatican on the politi- cal question at issue. Knowing the devotedness and loyalty of the Irish peasantry to the Holy See, they expect that a pronouncement upon any ques- tion, political or otherwise, possibly regarded as infallible, would be received in the manner pro- nounced. But the keen Irish peasant, than whom there is no better theologian in the world, and who has always a reserve fund of faith and devotion to the Holy See, pursues his political course undis- turbed. Our business, therefore, is to consider what the infallibility of the Pope really is. Infer- entially we shall see what it is not. As we have already seen, this century is noted for many things, but it has, moreover, witnessed the Assembly of an Ecumenical Council of the churoh. No general council had been held for three centuries. General councils have been held in the churoh from the days of the Apostles. From time to time general assemblies of the Bishops of the world have been convened, at whose deliberations the Pope presides, either in person or by his legate. Nineteen of such general councils of the Church have been held in different places in the nineteen centuries of her existence. The first at Nicaea, under Pope St. Sylvester in the year 325. In this the doctrine of the heretic Arius, denying the Divinity of Christ, was solemnly condemned. Second, at Constantinople (t) the year A.D. 383 under Pope Damasus. At this council the Divinity of the Holy Ghost was defined, as against the Macedonian heresy. Third, at Ephesus, under Pope Celestene I. in the year 431, or about the time Christianity was intro- duced into Ireland by St. Patrick. It was at this council that the Divine Maternity of the B.V.M was proclaimed by the condemnation by the council of Nestorius, who was preaching a contrary doc- trine. Fourth, soon after at Chalcedon in 451, under Pope St. Leo the Great. The Utychian heresy was condemned in this. Fifth, at Constantinople (2) in 553, under Pope Vigilius. The errors of a preacher named Origen were condemned in this council. Sixth, at Constantinople. (3) in 881; under Pope Agatho, in which the Monothelite heresy was con- demned. Seventh, at Nicaea (2) in 787, under Pope Adrian I, against Iconoclasts. Eighth, at Constantinople (4) in 809. under Pope Adrian IX., against Photius. Ninth, at Lateran (I), in the Church of St. John Lateran, Rome, in 1123, under Pope Callistus II. Various matters of Church discipline settled, and organising crusades against the Turks then threaten- ing the destruction of Europe. Tenth, at Lateran (2) in 1139, under Pope Inno- cent II. Eleventh, at Lateran (3) in 1170, under Pope Alexander III. Twelfth, at Lateran (4) in 1215,: under Pope Innocent III. Thirteenth, at Lyons (France) in 1245, under In- nocent IV. Fourteenth, at Lyons (2) in 1274, under Pope Gregory X. Fifteenth, at Vienna in 1311, under Pope Clement V. Sixteenth, at Florence (Italy) in 1430, under Pope Eugene IV. Seventeenth, at Lateran (5), under Popes Julius II and Leo X.iii 1512 and following years. Eighteenth, at Trent (N. Italy) in 1545. Con- vened by Pope Paul III., continued under him and Popes Julius III. and Pius IV. Dealt with the Reformation ; doctrinal and disciplinary ; errors of Reformation condemned ; Catholic doctrine stated. Nineteenth, at the Vatican in 1869, convened by Popo Pius IV. and held in St. Peter's Church Rome, at the Vatioau Palace. The first session was held on the 8th of December, 1869. Various mat- ters disciplinary and doctrinal were discussed and determined, and the decree de Romano Pontifice on the Roman Pontiff was arrived at May, 1870, and discussed for some six weeks, when of the 535 Bishops from all parts of the Catholic world present 533 voted "placet" or Aye, and only two prelates said "non-placet " or No. The scope, bearing and limits of this decree on the Roman Pontiff form the special object of my address, and therefore I think it better to give you the text of the decree here. It is as follows : - "Therefore, faithfully adhering to the tradition from the beginning of the Christian faith, for the glory of God our Saviour, the exultation of the Catholic Religion, and the salvation of Christian people, the Sacred Council approving, we teach and define, that it is a dogma divinely revealed that the Ro- man Pontiff when hE speaks Ex CATHEDRA - that is, when in the discharge of the office of pastor and teacher of all Christians, by virtue of his supreme apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine regard- ing faith or morals to be held by the universal church - is by the divine assistance promised to him in blessed Puter, possessed of that infallibility with which the Divine Redeemer wished that bis Church should be endowed, for defining doctrine regarding faith on morals, and that therefore such definitions of the Roman Pontiff are irreformable of them- selves, and not from the consent of the church." This is the decree of the Vatican council regarding the infallibility of the Pope, and you will observe how very limited it is in its application. First of all the council affirms that this doctrine was the constant tradition in the church, and that it was contained in the Divine revelation in that sacred deposit of truth committed to his church by Jesus Christ at her very foundation. Infallibility means immunity from error. God being the Supreme good, is essentially and necessarily infallible, that is to say He cannot deceive or lead anyone into error, neither can He Himself be the object of deception, hence, in our Catechism we say that God can neither deceive nor be deceived. We say the Church is in- fallible because God communicated to her this gift. She was endowed with it at her establishment, when Christ formed His Church and has constituted her to bring truths to men, and perpetuate His work, he infused into her some of his own divine attri- butes. He made her indefectible or indestruct- ible. The Apostles were solemnly commissioned to go into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature. Their work was not to be limited by space or time - he was to be with them always unto the end of the world. He conferred upon them the plenitude of power - the Spirit of Truth was to abide with thom for ever. They exercised this high commission and transferred their powers to others who were in turn to transmit them to others, so that the work would go on to the end of time. That this is the plain obvious and inevitable conclusion to be drawn from the fol- lowing passages of Holy Writ, it is difficult for any Christian to deny. To the apostles our Lord said : In St. Luke x 16.-" He that heareth you heareth me," and again, St Mark xvi 15-16.-"I have chosen you and have appointed you; that you should go, and should bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain." St. John xv 10.-" Go ye into tho whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved ; he that believeth not shall be condemned." Again, St. Matt, xxviii 18-20-" All power is given to me in heaven and on earth ; going therefore teach ye all nations, baptising them - teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the con- summation of tho world." St John xiv 18 - I will ask the Father, and he will give you another comforter, that he may abide with you for ever, the Spirit of truth. He will teach yon all things, and bring to your minds all things whatsoever I shall have said to you." Such are the solemn words of Christ Himself. - Again, we have the testimony of the apostle of the Gentiles, who was not one of the twelve chosen by our Saviour at first, but came into the Church afterwards. He says to the Thessa- lonians, I Thess. xi 13.-"We give thanks to God, without ceasing, that when you had received of us the word of the hearing of God, you received it not as the word of man, but as it is indeed the Word of God," and in the Epistle to Timothy be calls the Church " the pillar and the ground of truth." I Tim. III. : These words of the Saviour and the apostle assure us that Christ placed his Church upon earth, to be his representative, to guide,t each and instruct men in divine and eternal truth. How could she carry on this work if she were not infall- bile? It would be monstrous to suppose her to be the representative of Christ, and at the same time assume her to possess no immunity from error. So self-evident is this truth from the words of the Gospel that no definition of the Church's infalli- bility was ever made by way of her General Councils, and the infallibility of the Pope necessarily follows from the infallibility of thu Church. When Christ founded His Church, He founded her as one body having many members, but one Head - which was Christ himself - this body or church he intended to be perpetual, and to be visible, the light of the world, and to have that notable and absolutoly essential mark of unity. He therefore appointed one of his apostles to be his representative, the visible head of that body - His Church on earth. For this purpose the Saviour specially singled out Peter, to be the corner stone of the edifice of the church, to be the foundation upon which the super- structure was to be raised. Peter it was who was specially commissioned to feed the whole flock, for him was offered a special prayer that his faith fail not, and he was to confirm his brethren, and in proof of the infallibility of Peter and his succes- sors, the Vatican Council cites the following passages of Holy Writ:-St. Matt, xvi 18.19.-"I say to thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and to thou will I give the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, and whatso- ever thou shalt bind upon earth, it shall be bound also in Heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose upon earth it shall be loosed in Heavem. Again, St. Luke xxii 31-3.-"Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat, but I have prayed for you that your faith fail not, and thou being once confirmed, confirm the brethren." Again, " Simon, son of John, lovest thou me more thau those. He said to him, yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee,' Jesus said to him, feed my lambs,"- and repeating a second and a third time, and receiving the same answer, " Jesus said feed my sheep," thus committing to Peter supreme pastoral power, to provide sound doctrine, the truth for the whole flock of Christ. Speaking of this question of the infallibility of the Pope, Cardinal Manning, who was one of those who took part in the deliberations of the Vatican Council, sly summarises the matter in these words: the definition of the Papal, infallibility rests upon the faith that the Divine founder of the Church has promised to its head that he shall never err in declaring what is divine tradition, and therein what is divine revelation. It is by a divine promise and by a divine assistance that the church never departs from the truth of revelation, and that promise was made to Peter, not for his own sake alone, but for the sake of his brethren ; and the promise made to Peter was made in him to all his successors in the leadership of the church for the sake of the BiflZon-'at' the apostles, and of tho., whole ohuroh jfyhioh he is the chief pastor and . toaoher." WnViien is tho scope of this iiifalli- ; bility conferred |ion» Peter and his successors ? Reverting to the ¿fee of the Vatican Council, wo find from ita torinv.hnt: 1st; The1 Pope must be speaking ex-cnthedr<\Aia "|v. from tho chair and seat of Sc Peter-in -¡ official capacity as Head of - the uui versal church :n(l. He must be addressing himsolf to the whole oh«h, not to a particular'sec- - -? bon or nation. 3rd.\,e. question ho is defining . must regard faith or. Val*-to be held by tho .1 whole churoh. This, tliçfore. is the limit- .Thu decree of the Vutican C Pope as'a private iiidivijal . as a. theologian he may: write a work on theedT ( which may .contain.. errors-siinilurly in preaclï^a sermon-in all such .,, cases.no immunity from on^a guaranteed him.. It, . is only when he is exercising N, primacy ot the.uui- .. versal church,, and" then., ?iti'i.ieHtl'iina of 'fui,th and .¡-.. inorals.'thut divine light andniidanee. is .proVnisôâ-i.. him; »nd then possoiacs *;At.' infallibility, within which our , Saviour willed fAndow his ohuroh." Heroic may be'wull to' make odpthor observation, . it is, that, while tho Piipo is. tliSdivjnely. guaran- ... teed immunity from error iif *iiitc^0t 't" tho éxteut.. alçoady explained, his. "will is pet^ity- .free to in» . . cliuo to.evil or do good. He. inusytikb the . very . humblest members of tho churoh, obyve tho moral ,.. '?law and commandments;!' niid' uè 'the ordin.-^ . ary moans to maintain .the griie . of God. .' There uro two irifta or granes whiu. theologians. . distinguish, namely, gratia gratum facing, i.e., per- ... sonni favours, tho ¡u-iiae that makes oiiporsunally pleasing to God. The other gift or grace is called gratia gratit d ita, i.e...a favour or gift granted for the use of others, and is inherent to office or posi- tion, and not to the person. Such favors were conferred upon various persons mentioned in the Scripture. Balaam and Caiaphas had the gift of prophecy. Judas received the grace of ordination, and the Scripture mentions the sins of these men for the warning of others. This, therefore, meets that extraordinary error and misconception, that if the Pope be infallible in pronouncing, as head of the church on matters of faith and morals, he must therefore be impeccable or incapable of committing sin. This fallacy is too transparent to merit serious con- sideration ; the assertion can only be made by the hopelessly ignorant, or the wilful slanderer and perverter of truth. On this point let me quote for you the words of Cardinal Manning : ''To be im- peccable is to be confimred in the sanctifying grace which makes men acceptable before God. To be illuminated or guarded from error may co-exist with the sin of Caiaphas, who was a prophet, and crucified the Redeemer of the world. The charisma or gift was given by God to Peter and his succes- sors, that in the discharge of their office they might not err. It does not even say that is an abiding assistance, present always, but only never absent in the discharge of their supreme office, and the object of the gift is that the whole flock of Christian earth may never be misled, and that the unity of the Church may always be preserved, unity of faith generates unity of heart, unity of mind, unity of will, and where truth is divided, unity cannot be found." Such, then, being thu meaning of papal infallibility, it behoves all Catholics to thoroughly understand it, and be in a position to explain its scope and meaning to the anxious - earnest enquirer after truth. Truly, it must be averred the Church fears no foe but one and that is ignorance, that ignorance whih begets bigotry. The Sydney Morning Herald of Thursday reports a lecture delivered by Rev. Canon Kemmis on a Sydney platform last week. In this the rev. gentleman coolly tells his audience that no Roman Catholic could purchase or read a Bible without the leave of his parish priest or a permit from his confessor. If the rev. gentleman wished to make enquiry he would find that in this remote district of the Richmond £700 worth of Bibles were purchased by the Catholics of the district in the year 1881, and certainly no one thought of first consulting the parish priest or confessor. This is but one of the many silly and utterly absurd state- ments made by the leaders of the Anglican body , from pulpit and platform at the present time. The great aim of thev church's' children and champions should be to dispel these dark clouds by using every endeavour to extend the light of truth by putting forth the truths, her articles of belief, at every opportunity. Protestantism, which is mainly a religion of negation, cannot alwaya live and thrive, by its accredited ministers making their weekly attacks on Rome. Education is becoming more and more ex- tended, people are daily becoming more enligh- tened. They will not be content with the "Che- shire cheese" of Sterne for any lengthened period ; they will speedily discard the denunciatory doc- trines of the parson ; they will seek for themselves some religious system. Viewing the various sects of Protestantism at the present time, and consider- ing their discordant and disintegrating elements, the utter absence of anything like unity, and the free and easy manner in which they adopt Godless systems of education for the rising generations, it does not require any extraordinary acumen to fore- cast that in a century hence the Christian Religion with them will be an unknown element. " Many of the honest, fearless and religiously inclined will pass over to the unity of the Catholic Church. Others with the religious sentiments of their fathers, gradually more and more diluted, will swell th ranks of agnosticism pure and simple. The great conflict of the future will lie between the Catholic Church and infidelity pure and simple. When some of the Jews of old heard of the wondrous deeds of our Divine Lord, they cried out : "Can anything of good come out of Nazareth." This man is from Nazareth, and we are convinced that this is a place of evil repute, and that is sufficient for us, we shall make no further inquiry. So it is with the vast majority of our separated brethren to- day in the various Pro- testant sects. Their ministers teach them that the Church of Rome is a world of iniquity, the deadly, foe of enlightenment and progress, that the head of that Church is anti-Christ, and something more. Thus we see at the present moment, both in this country and England, the only reply to the Holy, Father's letter on the reunion of Christendom, fa the small-fry parsons yelping chorus:- "Union with Rome, impossible !" It is therefore the duty of Catholics to earnestly pray that the light of divine grace may illumine all those, who are in the darkness of prejudice, bigotry, and error, that they may see and embrace the truth that shall make them free, when they will come into the holy Catholic Church, and then there shall be one fold and one Shepherd. THE GOVERNMENT RAILWAY SCHEME.-The S. M. Herald, referring to the railway scheme to be dealt with by the Government, says: "We are in- formed by the Minister for Works that the eastern suburbs circular railway, which is included in the Ministerial scheme of railways to be considered, will probably be constructed so as to serve Botany, and thereby increase the value of a large area of church and schools lands in that district. So far as the North Coast railwuy is concerned the section as far us Grafton has got beyond the stage of trial survey, and only awaits an opportune time for re- terence to the Public Works Committee. Mr. Young hopes to have the pleasure of doing this before his tenure of office expires. This, the Minis- ter for Works says, is also the position of the pro- posed railway from Byrock to Brewarrina, of which Mr. Willis has been such a persistent advocate. It is possible that the survey of this line may be revised, as it is believed that it can now be con- structed at a figure very much below previous estimate. NOTHING more delicious, or better for Children, than ARNOTTS MILK ARROW- ROOT BISCUITS. THE public speak highly of Antiake as being the quickest, most certain and most permanent remedy for toothache. To be had at all storekeepers. 