V THE GOLDEN ROCK. By ERXEST GLANVILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fossickers," etc. CHAPTER IX.— COALING THE CATCHER. Lieutenant Webster joined the Portu guese ofllcer In the chartroom, where, with . bis gallant attempts to speak French, and his readiness to join in the laughter at his own most amusing blunders, he qulle charmed -Lieutenant Gobo, who grew confi dential, and Imparted an intercuting Item «f news. "You will remain with us, amigo mlo, and we will crack many a bottle of old Ma deira in a posado kept by an old man with two lovely daughters." "Thanks, Scnor, with pleasure, if we do not depart to-morrow." VTo-moiTow! What say you. We have a proverb that says that the wages of to morrow mock the promise of yesterday. Tomorrow you will all be our very good guests." "For my part, nothing would please me better; but our Captain has said that to morrow he will, sail, and he is a very devil — dlavolo — eh?" "You speak idly, my friend. I assure you , to-morrow this ship Vf yours will be seized.-' "How so, lieutenant, we have no quarrel with. Portugal and, moreover, there Is no craft her that could overhaul us." "Not- here at present, Senor, hut It Is co ming." "Your glass 13 empty, lieutenant. Is this a British ship you spcalt of, for I know none other that could capture us." '.'There are other ships than British afloat." said tho officer, twirling Ills mous tache. "The ship I speak of flies the Bra zilian flag the Esperanza sloop of war which, providentially, left Lisbon tw<j days since, and may be her at any hour. She was advised of the escape of your boat from tho Thames, and has warned us to be on the watch. Juarez Is her comman der, and I tell you he also Is a devil. Ha! ' Ha!" "I perceive," said Webster, with a laugh, "you have been too smart for us. We Eng lish are sometimes very dull." "Truly, moil ami. In quickness of wit, as In matters of love, we of the South are superior to you heavy Islanders. But you are good comrades, nevertheless. Your health, Senor." "T see the bottle's empty. Pardon me, lleutcnnnt, while I overhaul the locker." Webster, with an Innocent look oh his bronzed face, went below and sent a mes sage to the Captain. "Sir," lie said, nB the Captain approach ed; "there Is a Brazilian sloop of war In pursuit of us. She may be here to-night or in tho morning." "How did you learn this?" asked Captain Pardoe, with a dark look. "From that yelow-sklnned effigy on deck. The Swift Is to be taken to-morrow, and tlie crew landed. It Is all settled." i "Is. it?" said the Captain, with a pecu liar smile. "We shall see to that. Hume will presntly leave for the shore, with two . men. As soon as IiIb boat Is clear have . these soldiers seized and bound. Take your '.' measures quietly, Mr. Webster, and be very careful that they do not cry out." "Whats on foot, Captain?" r "We mean to have that coal, my hoy, : -sloop or no sloon. Thunder, do tliey sup- . pose I'll surrender to sloop after defying a British cruiser! You have your orders." \- The Captain went down to the engine-room, \- .! - and Webster, after securing another bottle. \- - gave a few sharp words of instruction to the quarter-master, who received them with a grin. Soou after a boat from tho shore came . : alongside with a gendarme, who, after a " few words with Lieutenant Gobo, received a note from that officer and returned. "I have assured my captain," said the : lieutenant to Webster, "that we are friend- \- . Iv. here, and that while one of your men is \- ashore he need not take extra precau- " tlons." "What precautions are, then, neces sary?" "Oh, a boat or two of soldadoes!" "Mr. Hume!" cried the captain, from his position on the bridge, "you will take the boat for tho engineers, and see what ar rangements you can make for coaling to morrow." The lieutenant jogged Webster In tlie rlbS- "Is he not droll — this captain of yours?" . "Very droll," remarked Webster, with a meaning look at . the quartermaster, who —stood near. Humo swung Into the boat with two men, .and gave the order to push olL Webster leaned over the side, ran his eyps over the men on.deck who were drink- lug- with the three soldiers, then spoke a word to the quartermaster, who immedia- tely joined the group, placing himself as: he did so between the soldiers and their rifles, -wulch rested against tlie side. The lieutenant strolled to the chart house, took another look at the group guard, then flung himself on tlie lieutenant, pinning that astonished individual by the throat. There was a scuffle forward, a smothered . cry- or so, and in a minute the four Portu- guese were bound and gagged. \- "Lower the long boat, Mr. Webster," said the captain, in low tones. This was done by the now thoroughly ' alert and expectant crow in silence. - "Man the boat, take a tow line, and make . .for the coal barges." ' Four men dropped Into the boat, a tow ; llne 'was mado fast. "Weigh anchor and deaden the noise " with tow in the cat-hole. Let the flukes hang for tho present." : Quietly and slowly the anchor came In. Webster entered the boat, the tow line tautened, aDd the Swift gradually moved off In tbe direction ot the barges. Meanwhile Hume had met a boat half way from the shore, with the chief engi neer on board, and taking him in, waited till the shore boat had rowed out ot hear ing, then shaped for the barges. "You are shaping a wrong course for the .. Swift, Mr. Hume." "Wo are making for two barges laden -with. coal. Mr. Dickson." . "Oh. oh, what's In the wind?" "These beggars won't give us coal, so we mean to take It. We will approach the barges quietly, board them, and secure the people ou board. Will you assist us, Mr. Dickson?" "Certainly, my boy; and what's the cap tain doing meanwhile?" "He'll be alongside very soon after we have done our business. No doubt he's on . the move now, with a tow- line out. Gently, men, I think I see the loom of something dark." They stole softly up to the unwleldly boats, going alongside one which had an awning forward, made the boat fast, then clambered on deck. One of the sailors walked along the broad side and recon noitred. There were two men only sleep- tag on a rough bed of sacks, their forms dimly outlined by the light of a lantern. He then crossed to tho other boat, which was unoccupied. He made his report, and next minute the sleepers were aroused to And four men standing over tbem. They permitted themselves to be bound without i" a -murmur, on an assurance from Hume that they would not be harmed. -'A few minutes later the Swift crept up, took In her boat, and got up steam. "Make fast tbe tow-lino to the barges, Mr. Hume," came an order from the cap tain. "It Is done, sir!" \- "Slip the anchor." -The chain wont overboard with' a rattle, and tbe Swift steamed out, towing the barges, until she bad rounded tbe south western point below Funchal. when she dropped anchor, and all hands, including the two Portuguese sailors, were hard at It transferring her coal to the torpedo- catcher. The coal was in sacks, the steam tackle was set In motion, and with a loud noise that sooner or later would reach the ears of the people ashore, the precious cargo was swung on board and shot down tho shoots, covering every part of the dock and rigging with grit. The long, low stea-' mer lay sandwiched between the barges, and while tlie steam tackle worked aft, forward the sacks were handled by the men: everyone, except Miss Anstrade and Mr. Cummins lending a willing hand. \- They had been hard at work for an hour when n confused babble of voices was heard from the port, and shortly after they saw a shaft of light shoot Into the sky, amf glance across tbe harbor. It was tbe (lash light from the little fort, and no doubt revealed the absence of steamer and coal barges. Presently they heard the heat of engines — a steamer's light appeared round tho point. "Show a light, Mr. Webster. We don't want to be run down." A red light was bung out over the stern. "Keep on with your work," shouted the captain, as tho men paused to watch the progress of the steamer. "Carnmbo! Senor Capitaine, what in tbe devil's name Is tbe meaning of this?" shouted a deep voice from the steamer, in furious accents. "Qulen est" "Demonlos! Colonel Alvaro, Commander of the Fort. What mean you bv moving off like a thief in tbe dark? It is an of fence against Portugal aud ths laws." Captain Pardoe laughed. "I am merely taking coal for which I am willing to pay. Will you receive tbe money?" "Yes," said a strange voice. "I repre sent tbe coal company." There was an altercation on board the tug, for such It proved to be. "I protest, Colonel Alvaro. When I have received payment you may do what you like. Lower a boat." Colonel Alvaro gave way, the boat was lowered, aud a young Englishman stopped on board, who was immediately taken be low, wbere he made a good bargain. "Now captain," be said, after securing a roll of notes, "you have acted in a high- banded manner, and it is no business of mine to help you, but tho sooner you move the better. The warship Esperanza has been signalled, and will be here In half an hour." "Thank you," said the captain, with a grim smile, "we can look after ourselves. Mr. Webster, release the soldiers, and let them return with these gentlemen." Webster did so. and could not forbear chaffing Lieutenant Gobo. "We are no match for you, lieutenant, in resource, but you see we are having our own way." "Matre de Dios," cried the lieutenant, grinding his teeth, "you will pay for this, you base picaro;" and he shot a vengeful glance at Webster and Hume, who stood close by, their faces black with coal dust. The tug waited for Us boat, then steamed away towards the harbor at great speed, Col. Alvaro atld Lieut. Gobo shouting a string of threats as to what they would do on their return. Mr. Dickson reported that the bunkers were filled. "Stack a row of sacks along the sides, and have tbem lashed. Get a full head of steam up. Mr. Webster, cast tbls boat off from the port side." Soon the steam from the escape-pipe set up Its shrill clamor. The Captain mounted to tbe bridge, and with bis night-glass fixed to bis eye searched the mouth of tlie harbor. "See that row of lights. Captain," said Miss Laura. "A steamer just entering the harbor." "And there is another light moving." "That is tho tug which was here. Is there much more coal left, Mr. Webster?" "About fifty sacks, sir, I should say." "Whip them in. All firemen get below." He approached the tube. "Stand by. Mr. Engineer!" The steamer had just entered the harbor, put out her lights, but there was a glow from her funnels which revealed her move ments, as it grew rapidly brighter. "All aboard!" shouted the Captain. "Cast off the barge!" The men clambered from the barge, and tho unwleldly craft was shoved away. "Full speed ahead!" The water was lashed by the screws, the Swift vibrated like a living thing, and shot away, leaving tbe barges rocking on the swell she bad kicked up. "Surely. Captain," said Miss Anstrade, "that steamer is following us?" "She is. Miss Laura, sure enough. It is the Brazilian ship, Esperanza, Captain John Juarez." "Juarez," said the girl, in a startled whisper. "O, Santlssima Maria,", she ad ded, with a passionate cry, "that treacher ous dog, the murderer of my brother. Cap tain Pardoe, you must not fly. Mr. Web ster. listen to me." "Laura, my dear girl," said Mr. Com- mlns, laying his hand on her arm. She shook him off with an angry ges ture, and turned her flashing eyes on the Captain, while her bosom heaved. Some of the men had heard ber cry, and stood near the bridge. "Men," she said, in quick, excited tones, "hear me. That' is a Brazilian warship be hind. It is commanded by a man wbo bas done me a most fearful wrong. You arc Englishmen, and I ask you " "Enough, Madame," wlispered Pardoe, sternly. Then, raising his voice, "Clear the decks for action." The quartermaster's shrill whistle rang out In immediate response, and In reply a flame of fire leapt out from the darkness astern, followed by the screech of a shell. CHAPTER X.— PURSUED. The Swift was a formidable fighting ship, though built to tackle tbe midgets of the sea, the 130ft. torpedo boats. She had no torpedo tube In the stem, which had been strengthened for ramming; but she carried two tubes at the stern, one 4In. quick-firing gun, two G-pounders forward, and two 12- pounders on pedestals. Including the offi cers, there were twenty men to work the ship and guns, and a staff of ten firemen and engineers. The seamen were picked men, tempted by high pay, and all of them showed the unmistakable stamp of strict training and discipline. They were, in fact, men of the naval reserve, recruited by the quartermaster — bard, weather-beat en, and, except when off duty, still-mouth ed.. The quartermaster, Henderson by name, was black-bearded and swarthy, like the Captain; and it was -rumored among the men that this was not the first time the two of them had shipped in the same capacity In blockade-running in the wars of South American Republics. The conning tower, a small chamber, fitted with tubes, nobs, levers, aud a spare wheel, and walled in with thick plates of toughened steel, was just forward of the first funnel. Be yond it was a turtle backed deck of Iron, and - on either side were the G-pounders, protected by bullet-proof shields. The Captain could fire the aft torpedo guns by electricity from the conning tower. "Clear the decks for action." The shrill, clear notes of the whistle rang out tlie sharp summons, and the men sprang to their positions with an alacrity which had not marked their actions when threatened by tlie British warships. Then they had done their duty sullenly, with a sense of ill-omen at having to encounter their own flag, but now they were on a different footing in respect to this new foe, and eager to be at some other game than always on the run. "If our Captain's half as good at fighting as be Is at running," growled the sailor known as Dick the Owl for his night eye, "we'll have a bellyful, eh mate? and good luck to if." "Eh. It's a queer thing, Dick, that we navy men sbould be under these port-to- port cargo and bat-box carriers, but tbe Captain's, got red lights in his bead when there's danger afoot, and maybe he'll be a good 'un to follow." "As good as any you would find on the bridge of nny battleship afloat, my men," said Lieutenant Webster, who had been standing by unobserved. "Beg pardou, sir," said the men, touch ing their caps. "That's all right, my men, we've got to know each other yet," replied the lieuten ant, with a kindliness that won their hearts. "Wash down the decks first," he cried; "we'll not go down to Davy's Locker disguised in soot like imps of darkness. Out with the hose." The men laughed as they screwed on the hose to the hydrants aud poured out a stream of water, sweeping the grimy decks from stem to stern. "Now, get below for a sluice and a dram," cried the cheery voice of the lieu tenant, whose idea of handling a crew was not according to naval Instructions. The men trooped down the narrow companion- way laughing and joking in their excite ment; but the roar of the enemy's guns, as he fell round to port, and brought his starboard broadside to bear, was a sum mons that brought them tumbling on deck again ere they had time to wipe their mouths with a baclc-handed swipe. "Steady, men. and to your quarters," said the Captain, quietly; "all but the men for the big gun, who will go below." Five men bad taken up tlielr position about the big gun, which stood with its chase pointing up, as though looking away to the horizon for Its enemy. These men stood astonished at tlie. order. "Below, men," said Lieutenant Webster, approaching them; "you'll not bo wanted till morning," he added, as be noted their sidelong looks. They went -down In silence; and, by the pressure of a button in tho' conning tower, the Captain 'lowered the long gun into the deck, tlie same machinery sliding a heavy shield of toughened steel over the opening left by its disappearance. This gun had been specially built for . the catcher, and was of a larger calibre than the guns usual ly carried, by that kind of craft; It rose or fell on a strong powerful lever: on n modified principle used for the disappearing guns; and the frame of the ship had been strengthened amidships to bear tbe strain. Is could bo loaded and fought on deck,' or loaded below and fired from the conning tower when at close quarters, and had been christened "The Ghost," after a trial made before reaching Madeira. "The Ghost" was turned out at tb.e Elswick Works, and could fire GO 501b. projectiles in ten min utes, (To be Continued.) 