TWENTY WORKS 23Y TWENTY AUTHORS. No. o.-Tlic Marchioness of the Four Corners, A CANADIAN STORY, BY G.B. BUllGIN, Author of " His Lordship," "A Quaker Girl,' •" Bread of Tears," &c.; A COMPLETE STORY* [All rights reserved.] Chapter I. ' * The Marchioness1' of the IT our Corners wa$ aroused from deep slumber by a louddrumj ming on the gaol door. Her little room opened upon the gaol kitchen. She found it handy, not only for the sake of the additional warmth, of the huge stove, but as being further away from the gaol itself, of which she had a whole some terror ever since a countryman of hers (" The Marchiones " had first seen the light in Middlesex, England) died suddenly on a some what rough scaffold in the gaol yard. The countryman in. question, after lulling three men with an axo and burning , two women to death with the powerful aid of|a kerosene lamp, pleaded hereditary insanity when brought to trial. _ ' In a new country like Canada such pleas are looked upon with marked disfavor; con sequently the Englishman in question had paid the penalty of his crimes. In his last moments, however, having heard that "The Mar chioness" was a countrywoman of his and that she it was who prepared the delicate meals which softened his captivity, the murderer had requested the pleasure of her company at his obsequies. "The Marchioness " not daring to refuse this delicate mark of appreciation, but4 trembling with terror, had stood beside the freshly-dug grave in one corner of the gaol yard, holding a dog's-eared prayer book in one hand, borrowed for the^occasion, and a black bordered handkerchief in the other, thus adequately evincing her respect for "the diseased," as she ever afterwards called her countryman. Hp to the time of that memorable experi ence "The Marchioness," slab-footed, angular, with watery grey eyes, narrow, sloping shoulders, and scanty wisps of hay-colored hair, had never known an element of romance in the 21 years of her life. She had been picked up by a philanthropic society and snipped to Canada in the hope that there would be a place for her in that generous, ample- bosomed country. When she reached the Four Corners, however, the general opinion was that Canada had no room for so 44 witless a crittur." "The Marchioness" sat on her box at the end of the wharf. "Oil, if you please, take me to goal," was all she answered m reply to the question ing crowd. When it was found that she had . arrived at the Four Corners in a semi-public capacity, as it were, i.e., factotum and 4 hired girl," to co.ok for the gaol staff and prisoners, general commiseration was felt for the gaolers and their lambs. 4 4 It's sorter playin' it low down on the pris'ners. Why, the sight of that scrawny, tallow-faced, ongainly female oughter take away what little appetite they've gob left," said Abe Millar, as he watched "The Marchioness" disappear within the frowning gates of the road. . m 44The Marchioness's" apparent insensibility at the funeral of Per erring countryman (in reality she had been almost beside herself with' fright) tended still less to win for her the liking of Four Corners folks. She was nob sociable; she kept herself to herself, and, crowning sin of all, never got any fatter on all the good food which she ate. During her brief holiday "The Marchioness" always strolled away into the bush in preference^ to mingling . •with the giddy crowd, although it was popu larly rumored that no mosquito would touch her, no horsefly cast a passing glance_ in her direction. She had no friends, no aims, no ambitions, no desires save to do her work and to be loft alone. She was always grimy. Hence her sobriquet of 44 The Marchioness " by a facetious fellow-countryman who once stayed with the Presbyterian minister and went away deeply depressed by the sight of her unparal leled ugliness. Folk' from the back settle ments had a lurking idea that she was an English lady of high degree who was allowed, to keep her title when banished to Canada by the English Government on account of her 44homely" appearance. 44 The Marchioness" generally kept, her temper. She lost it once,_ however, when a denizen of the bush, wishing to ally himself with the English aristocracy, had proposed to her to share his framehouse and generally desirable, if somewhat primitive lot. After a brief cyclonic interval of impassioned re proaches from the lady he found himself flee ing for dear life, hotly pursued by "The Marchioness" with a chopper; When called . upon for an explanation of this Berseker fury ,4The Marchioness" had no explanation to offer. A blush of virgin modesty suffused her thin, sallow cheeks, and she continued chop ping suet "with the weapon which had so affrighted her simple wooer. The general opinion was that Zeka Fergusson had been top precipitate and that4 4 The Marchioness" had upheld the honor of her ancient lineage in a. highly becoming, if somewhat eccentrid manner. Fqr the brief space of a week there was a revulsion of public opinion in her favor, and it was during that sunny interval of popular esteem that the Four Corner 4 4 Hews" alluded to her as 44 The fair denizen of a sun less clime who now dwelt in unobtrusive perennial ' usefulness within our walls." 44 The Marchioness," indifferent to this delicate compliment, however, refused to subscribe to the paper, and public opinion once more veered round and left her as before —44Remote, unfriended, melanoholy, slow." Raising herself on one one elbow 44 The Marchioness " came back to mundane things with a horrid prevision that something un usual was about to happen. The noise con- . tinued. And above the hammering at the door she recognised the deputy, sheriff's sten torian tones. Hastily slipping on her gown and tying up her scanty looks with a piece of tape, 44 The Marchioness" entered the hall. The iron doors clanged open as Gaoler Grange came into the corridor from the gaol, which crossed the house in the shape of the letter T. "Whrt is it, Marchioness?" he asked not unkindly. 44 You git back to hed agin, or there won't Be any breakfast to-morrow." 44 The Marchioness" nodded inexpressively. 44 It's the deputy sheriff," she said. 44 There's somebody a-groanin' ana a-moanin' 'nough to give you the chills. I think there's been a ""Oh, you think thar's been a fight. We'll soon see about that. Sure the sheriff's thar." 44Yes," said 44The Marchioness" simply. 44 Can't you hear him swear ?" This was conclusive testimony. Grange , drew his revolver. 4 4 Hold the light, Mar chioness. Maybe it's a plant to rescue Tim Flamiigan before he goes to Kingston Peniten tiary. Are you game to open the door ?" 44Yes," said 44The Marchioness;" "they won't hurt me." She unbarred the heavy iron door as she spoke. 44 Who's thar?" demanded the gaoler. "Me," said the sheriff. Then, with a 'touch of professional pride, 44 and Slim Pete." . ■ 44 The Marchioness" nearly dropped her light as she peered out into the darkness of the spring night. 44 They've got him," she said to the gaoler. 44 Yes, we've got him," answered the sheriff from the darkness. A thrill of excitement ran through 44 The; Marchioness's" passive nature. She peered into the darkness again. Three of four men stood round a prostrate figure, which they es sayed to lift, but which slipped from their grasp and rolled limply back on -the grass, where it lay quite still. A meek white moon struggled faintly over the'tops of the trees and cast a flickering, un certain light on the group. 44 I'll lift his head," said the sheriff; 4 4 you take his_ heels, Wright; Jim Cass; you run over to git Doc. Diclanson." The men bore their limp burden into the hall and let it slip in the same expressionless way on the floor. Blood ran from a wound in the man's side. His handsome face was sickly white, the long black curls which hung round making it paler than ib really was. And still that thin red stream welled up from, the wound, and ran across the floor. 44 The Marchioness" put down the candle. "Lift him on that sofy," she commanded authoritatively. She left the hall and speedily returned with water and some linen bandages. . One of the men undid Slim Pete's white shirt. 44 The Marchioness" gave a little gasp as she saw the gaping wound caused by the sheriff's bowie. 44 Don't touch him," she said almost fiercely, as that worthy approached to survey his work with mournful albeit profes sional pride. "Leave him to me." _ Slim Pete opened his eyes and faintly raised himself on one elbow. A shade of disap pointment swept over his face as he saw the limp, lean Marchioness. 44 Well, sheriff," he said good-humoredly; 44got mo at last? It wasn't a fair fight in the dark." 44 You're so slippery," the sheriff said apologetically to his prisoner. "I had to knife you, Pete, or yoird have gone off again." The prisoner made a sign to everyone except the sheriff and 44The Marchioness" to retire. 44 Come here," he said faintly to the former. 4 4 Sheriff, there's no call to—to men tion names in this little scrimmage. If I peg out, it's all right; if I don't, you can prove you caught me round the settlement and arrested me for shooting Timber Jake last year on sight." ■ 1 44But," said the sheriff confusedly, "how , about the girl ? She sent me word youwasto ' meet her at Stimson's bush, and I'lowed to ^ catch you thar." . .1 Slim Pete looked, at the sheriff, with a hazy, scorn inhis handsome eyes. ■ "You're dream •ing,: sheriff," helsaid/. "Breaming.. There's' no girl.in this business, so none of your darned • foolishness. A nice thing it would be for any girl afterwards if it was known she had given meinto your'bloodthirsty hands."- . . v. A dawn of comprehension- shone in the . sheriff's face. "He and Slim Pete had been old friends before brie became sheriff and the other shot Tiinber Jake. Ho nodded. "All right," Pete," he said. "Thar warn't no girl there." The other gripped-his .wrist. ''Por sure, old man," he said anxiously. "Por sure," answered the sheriff, following up his cue. '"'Twas ,sech a dark night it mout ha' been' a ghost or a dead tree I took for Stim - "Shut up," said Slim Pete. "This lady here doesn't want to hear any more of your lies." . - ■ "The Marchioness"-nodded affirmatively and motioned The sheriff to leave the room. As the doctor did not come she made her patient comfortable with pillows, gave him something-cooling to drink, shaded the light, tind told him to go to sleep. -• .-"What's your name?' asked the captive, with a groan. The Marchioness" struggled to remember. ■ " Ellen Waters," she said at last. " They call me ' The Marchioness.'" • ."Permit-me thank you, Miss Waters, for -your exertions on my behalf. Is there a watch in my-waistcoat ? • 33ring it here." " The Marchioness" brought it to him, after fumbling about among his clothes in the semi-darlmess. " Here it is," she said won deringly. - ■ " Come a -little nearer," said Slim Pete. " The Marchioness" obeyed. ■ Slim Pete threw the long chain of the watch .over her-scraggy neclc. " That's for- you," lie said,, and sank back unconscious. " The'Marchioness" felt a strange thrill of pleasure at rhe tauch of the gold chain on her ■neck-as she'hastened to revive her' eccentric charge. Then she shaded the light again and laid down on the floor beside her patient and went to sleep. 