SOME REFLECTIONS ON A VOYAGE ACE0S3 COOK'S STRAITS (IJ.Z.). (By IIeniiy Laws on.) We crossed Cook's Straits from Wellington in and down and across, there for twenty or thirty one of those rusty little iron tnuks that go up years and never get wrecked — for no other reason, apparently, than that they havo every possible excuse to go ashore or go down on those stormy coas's. The ago, construction, or condi tion of these boats, and the ' sou'-easter ' and tuo construction ox ine coastline, are an au cidedly in favor of going down, and the fares aro high mid the accommodation is small and dirty. It's always the same where there is no competi tion. Last year, whon a certain company were run ning between Australia and Now Zealand with out competition, the stoerago faro was £3 direct single, and £2 l()s between Auckland and Wellington. The potatoes were black and green and ,-oggy, the ' beet' like bits scrapod off the inside of a hide which had been laid out for a day or so, the ''cabbage' was cabbage leaves, the tea muddy — the whole business took away our appetite regularly, three timc-J a day, before we commenced, and there Avasn't enough to go round, even if it had been good — enough tuckcr, wo mean ; there was enough appetite to go round three or four times — that is, if it hadn't beon driven away by disgust until after meals. But we're getting mixed. If we hadn't, under cover of darkness, broached a deck cargo of oranges aud lemons, &c.;, and thereby run the risk of being run in on arrival, there would have been starvation, disease, and death on that boat before tho etui — also mutiny. You can go across now for £1, and get some thing to cut on tho road ; hut the travelling public will go on patronizing the latest reduction in fares until tho poorer company gets starved out and fares go up, and the travelling public will have to pay three or four times as much as they do now, and go hungry on the voyage ; all of which ought to go to prove that the travelling public is a blank fool. * . ? * * Wo can't help thinking that the captains and crews of our primitive little coastal steamers take the chances, or ' ' chance it,' so ofteu that they in time get used to it, und,;beirig used to it, havo no longer any misgivings i or anxiety in rough wenther concerning a watery grave, but feel as perfectly safe as if they v/pfi in church with their wives or sisters — only more comfortable — and go on feeling so until the worn-out machinery breaks down and lets the old tub run ashore, or knocks a hole in her side, or the side itself rusts through at last and lets the water in, and the ' John Smith' (Newcastle) goes down with a ' swoosh ' before the cook lias time to leave off pealing his potatoes and pray. # * These cheerful — and, maybe, unjust — reflec- tions are in consequence of our having lost half a-t-overeign to start with. We arrived at the booking office with two minutes to spare, two sticks of Juno tobacco, a spare wooden pipe — in case we lost the other — a letter to a friend's friend down South, a pound no to (Bank of New Zealand), and two half-crowns with which to try our fortunes in South Island. We also had a few things in a portmanteau, and two blankets in a three bushel bag, but they did't amount to much. Tho clerk put down the ticket with the half-sovereign on top of it, and we wrapped tho latter in the former and ran for the wharf. On the way we snatched the ticket out to see the name of the boat we were going by, in order to find it, and it wus then, we suppose, that the semi-quid got lost. We forgot it for the moment. Did you ever lose a sovereign or a half sovereign under similar circumstances ? You think of it casually and feel for it carelessly at first, to be sure that it's there alright ; then, after going through your pockets three or four times with rapidly growing uneasiness, you lose your head a little and dredge for that coin hurriedly and with painful anxiety. Then you force yourself to be cairn, and proceed to seaich yourself systematically — iu a mothodical manner. At this stage, if you have timo, it's a good plan to sit down and think out when and where yon lust had that half-sovereign, and where you'd been sixice, and which way you came from there, and what you took out of your pocket, and where, and whether you might have given it in mistake for sixpence at that pub where you rushed in to have a beer — and then you calculate the chances against getting it back again. The last of these reflections is apt to bo painful, and the painfulness is complicated and increased whon there happens to ha,ve been several pubs and a like number of hurried farewell beers in tho recent past. And for months after that you cannot get rid of the idea that that half-sov. might bo about your clothes somewhere. It haunts you. You turn your pockets out, and feel the lining of your coat and vest inch by inch, and examine your letters, papers— everything you happen to have had in your pockets that day — over aud over again, and by-aud-bye you peer into envelopes and unfold papers that you didn't have in your pockets at all, but might have had. And when the novelty of the first search has worn off — and the fit takes you — you make another. Even after many months have passed away, some day — or night — when you'd hard up for tobacco and a drink, youmight suddeiiiy think of that late lamented half-sov., and be moved — by adverse circumstances — to look through your old clothes in a sort of forlorn hope, or to give good luck a sort of chance to surprise you — the only chance that you can- give it. By- the-way, seven -and-six of that half quid should have gone to the landlord of the, pub where we stayed last, and, somehow, in spite of this enlightened age, the loss of it seemed a judgment; and seoing that tho boat was old and primitive, and there was every sign of a three days' sou'-euster, we sincerely hoped that judgment was complete — that supreme wrath had been appeased by the fiuo of ton bob with out — without adding any Jonah business to it. Reminds us that we once /found a lost half sovereign in. tho bowl of a spare pipe six months after it was lost. ' Wish itrhad stayed there and turned up to-night Bl.it, although when you are in great danger— say, lidiift in an open boat — tales of providential escapos and rescues might interest and comfort you, you can't take any comfort, in anecdotes concerning tho turning up of lost quids when you have just lost one your self ; all you want is to find it. It bothers you oven not to he able to account for a bob. You always like to know that you havo had something for your money,- if only a long beer. You'd ahvays soouer know that you fooled it away on a spreo and made yourself sick than lost it out of an extra holo in your pocket and kopt well. * * * We io'fc Wellington with a feeling of pained regret in our liver, a fellow-wanderer by our side tolling us how he had once lost a ' fipun note,' and about two-thirds of the city unem ployed on the wharf looking for that half sovereign. Well, we hope that some poor devil found it ; although, to tell the truth, we would then havo by far preferred to havo found it our self. * * A sailor said that the ' Moa ' was a good sea boat, and, although she was small and old, he was never afraid of her. He'd sooner travel in her than in somo of those big ? . You know the rest. Further on, in a conversation con cerning the ago of these coasters, he said that they'd last fully thirty years if well painted and looked after. He said that this one was seldom painted, and never painted properly ; and then, seemingly in direct contradiction to his previously expressed confidence in the safety and sea worthiness of the' Moa, he said that he could poke a stick through her anywhere. It came on to splash, and we went below to reflect and search ourselves once more for that half-sovereign. The cabin was small and close, and dimly lighted, and evil smelling, and shaped just like the butt end of a coffin. It mightn't have- smelt so bad if we hadn't lost that, half-sovereign. There was a party of those gipsy-like Assyrians — two families apparently — the women and children lying very sick about the lower bunks ; find a big, good-humored-looking young* Maori, . propped between tho end of the table and the wall, playing a concertina. The sick people were too sick, and the concertina seemed too much in sympathy with them, and the lost half quid haunted us more than ever down there ; so wo started to climb out. The first thing that struck us was the jagged top edge of that iron hood-like arrangement over the gangway. The top half only of the scuttle wos open. There was nothing to be seen except a fog of spray and a Newfoundland dog seasick under the lee of something. Tho last thing that struck us was a tub of salt water, which came like a cannon-ball and broke against the hood affair, and spattered on deck like a crockery shop. We climbed down again backwards, and sat on the floor with emphasis in consequence of stepping down a last step that wasn't there, and cracked the back of our head against the edge of the table. The Maori helped us up, and we had a drink with him at the expense of one of the lialf-essers mentioned in the beginning of this article. Then the Maori shouted, then we, then the Maori again, then Ave again ; and then we thought, ' ' I) — n it ; what's a half- sovereign ? We'll fall on our feet alright.' * We went up Queen Charlotte's Sound, a loug crooked arm of the sea between big, rugged, black-looking hills. There was a sort of light house down near the entrance, and they say an old Maori woman keeps it. There were some whitish things on the sides of the hills, -which, we at first took for cattle, . and then for goats. They were sheep. Some one said that that country was only fit to carry sheep. It must have been bad, then, judging from some of .the country'in Australia Avhieh is only fit to carry sheep. Country that wouldn't carry goats Avould carry sheep, Ave think. Sheep are about the hardiest animals on the face of this planet — bariing crocodiles. You might lip a sheep open whilst Avatching for tho boss's boots or yarning to a pen-mate, and then when you've stuffed the Avorks back into the animal, and put a stitch in the slit, arid poked 'it someAvhere with a tar-stick; — it doesn't matter much where — it (the sheep) Avill be alright and just as lively as ever, and turn up next shearing Avithout the ghost of a scratch on its skin. * vtf We reached Picton, a small collection of tAvinkling lights in a dark 'pocket,' apparently at the top of a sound. We climbed up onto tho wharf, got through between two railway trucks, and asked a policeman where we were, and where the telegraph office was. Thero Avere Beveral pretty girls in the office, laughing and chyacking the counter clerks, which jarred upon the feelings of this poor orphan wanderer in strange 'and unemployed lands. We gloomily took a telegrajih form, and Avired to a friend in North Island, using the following words: 'Wire quid; stumped.' Then Ave crossed the street to a pub and asked for a raom, and they told us to go up to No. S. We Avent up, struck a match, lit the candle, put our hag in a corner, cleared the looking-glass, i&c.;, off the toilet table, got some paper and a pencil out of our portmanteau, and sat down and wrote this sketch. But the candle is going out. The cause of organized Labor is right, but workingmen are not Ahvays right in their methods. — Pateraon (U.S.) Labor Standard. The very ' newest ' thing from Paris is, it seems, the divorce card. The form of this new social announcement is, according to the Figaro, as follows ' M. P ? and Madame P ? ? havo the honor to inform you of the clisso- ? lution of their marriage, pronounced to-day by, the Tribunal. Madame P— ; — resumes her . maiden name, Jenny M — — , and M. P1- ? re sumes his independence,' 