Oftc J>!?îmc|> d-Koritíhjr. Straft, I SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1S95. In tho Houso of Lords yesterday tho dobato on tho Address in Reply to tho Speech from the Throno was concluded, and tho motion was adopted. Lord Salisbury said that tho Sultan of Tnrkoy would commit a calamitous mistake- if ho rejected the advico of tho Powers, in order to preservo tho nominal independence of Armenia. Franco and Russia, according to tho Marquis of Salisbury, havo expressed an earnest desire to co- operate with England in her action with regard to the Armenian atrocities. A disorderly acuno occurred in the British House of Commons yesterday, as a result of which Dr. Tanner, the anti-Farnollito member for Cork, was suspended from sitting for a week. Sir Edward Clarko, Q.C., M.P. for Plymouth, has declined the office of Solicitor-General in the now Government because of tho limitations it would place on his private practice. The s.s. Warrimoo, which went ashore at Van- couver, will leave for Sydney at hor propor date. She will undergo thorough ropairs in this port. Miss Marie Elster, tho Victorian soprano, has been engaged to" appoar as Maritana with tho Carl Rosa Opera Company. Tho London creditors of the City of Molbourno Bank aro willing toredisouss the rearrangement scheme with tho official receiver, but declino to alter their position in regard to British control of the bank's affairs. Tho cattle which died on board the Southorn Cross, bound for London, succumbed to the effects of bruises when boing shipped. The sheep diod from exposure, and the horse from an accident. THE Steamer Urmston Grange, from Sydney, is to deliver direct at Livorpool 25,000 oarcasos of sheep, and, if possible, 10,000 carcases at Cardiff. A sensational dynamite outrage is reported from Cuba. A train containing a Dumber of volunteer troops was blown up at a placa called Bolondron. % Tun cars wore blown to pieces anrl noarly all the ocoupanta woro killod outright. Very few of tho unfortunate soldiers esoaped with their lives. Tho Uganda Railway Comraltlco estimates tho cost of 657 miles of railway aoross Uganda at ono and threo-quartor millions sterling. Tho Marquis of Salisbury, speaking in the Houso of Lords last night, said it would bo unwise for England to abandon Cbitral. Gre.it Britain will tako further action if tho punishment mated out to tho murderers in the recent massacre of missionaries at Ku Cheng is inadequate. Lord Salisbury says that the lesson of the late general election is that all pnrtics must make an endeavour to improv« tho condition of tho masses. Tho «Pull Court yesterday dcoided to strike the naroo of Francis Woodward, of Wollongong, off the roll of solicitors of tim colony, and to suspend J. Armit, of Bourke, for six months. * Yesterday tho Eev. James Clarke applied to tho Full Court for loave to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Judge in the recont divorce caso. Ko notice had been given and tho Court declined to entertain tho application. ' Fifteen hundred coses of tea ox. It.M.S. Orient were condemned yesterday. The tea was found to bo saturated with salt wator, as a result of tho recent firo on tho steamer. At tho Y.M.C.A. yesterday, a representative body of ministers of tho various denominations formally wolcomed tho Her. Joseph Cook to Sydney. Mr. Edden, M.IJ.A., denies tho assertion that the labour party is nttaohed to the coat-tails of the Government. It lins a power, ho say«, and it will «so it for tho gcnonil good of tho colony, Anoihor rich development has taken placo in the ITannau's Rowurd mino, Kalgoorlie, in cross cutting for tho lodo from Ranflcld's slinft, 400ft. north of tho present workings. Tho Oovornmont of Queensland is to bo culled upon to tako saoli steps as will protect its oitizons from murderous ontrages by kanaka». Tho appeal in tho action Dr. Maher v. tho Railway Commissioners, in connection with thn Redfern railway accident somo months ngo, will not bo proceeded with. Tho jury in tho cn«o of Alfred and George Wilson, charged with having set fire to n shop, hare failod to agree, and fho accused liavo been remauded to tho next sittings of the Criminal Court. John Wilson, nhargo«! nt the Contrai Criminal Court with an nttempt to commit murder, lias been remanded to tho noxt sittings in order thnt certain inquiries may bo mnde in England. Tilomas Ernest Roto, charged with having con spired with others to provont tho true course of justice, his b"en diseniiiged from custoth and is being proceeded »gainst bj summons The caso is remnniled to Wednesday nott At tho Nowtown Police Court ycstordi\, John Bnndsle; Sheridan, 4 . »is fined £r>00, with tho nltornatuo of 12 months' gaol, for keeping an illicit still at Camperdown Albort Smith, 30, butcher, also pleaded guilty to a similar oiTonco, at tho Newtown Court, and in lu« caso a lino of £100 was inflicted, with tho option of three months' imprisonmcnnt Tho bodv of a omld, appirontly mnrdcrod, was found floating in tho water, nt Rylstono, Tester doy Tho polioo aro searching for 'lie mother An exciting encounter botneon a whale and a thrasher fish was witnessed tho other day on tho Quewislind coast bv tho passengers on board tho Aaoliiule Company's s s Biillarra The Orient Company s steamer Liguria, with English maila to 10th Tulj aboard, arrived at All any last night from Colombo Mr. S. H. Barraclough, B.E. of Sydney has been awarded the Miller prize by the British Institute of Civil Engineers for an essay on "Heat Loss to the Cylinder Walls of the Steam Engine " A Sehet Committee wis appointed by the Now Zealand Assembl) yesteiilny to confer with tho Legislad-, o Council as to tho Bank of Now Zealand Estates Company und its relations with tho banks The Rev Gerard Trower M A , Oxon , the new incumbent of Christ Church, is a passenger by the RMS Liguria, which arrived at Albany last night. The Tasmanian san millers iro forwarding an cxpciimontal shipment of timber to Capetown with tho objoot of opening up a trado with tha1 place In the Tasmanian Assembly yesterday tho Attornej -Generil mo\ed tho SMond roiding of the Incomo Tax Bill The dobito was adjourned to Tuesday Vt Darling Harbour yoalerdnj 121 bales of wool wore manifested, and 109 bales irnved coastwise Up to IYiday tho total for tho week was 5245 bales Despite tho fact that thero was an increnso yes- terday in tho business of tho Import markot, merchants aro complaining on all bauds of tho prevailing dulness Business was almost at a standstill j cstcrdaj so far as tho shares of banks and compinics other than thoso engaged m mining were oonccrncd No startling development interrupted tho oven flow of tho business on the nuning market yestor das, Somn satisfactory fcitures woro, howe\ er, noticed in tho sales offected Yesterday tho Customs revenue amounted to £1501 To this tho 10 por oent id \alorcm duties contributod £012, and tho 15 percent £113 On tlio commonest grounds of businoss Uko considération anything that may lead to disorder in Parliament must bo doprc catod. Disorderly lnngungo means a loss of timo, and members aro sent into tbo House and paid for tlioir sorvieos there to omploy tho public time, and not for any ingonuity thoy may oxhibit in wasting ii. Thora is much oarnost and practical work before tho Parlia- ment which mot under somewhat oxcoptional circumstances last Tuesday, and wo aro suro that wo aro only express- ing tho gonoral aontimont in saying that tho country is weary of- bickerings in tho House, and bored to extinction with tho endloss record of f rustrato Bossions and bootless debates, of which the public is unnblo to fix any moro dofinito recollection than as having produced Boones of recri- mination, abuso, and disorder. Mem- bers may for tho sako of their own self-respect soo fit in this Parliament to discountenance this kind of tiling, or thoy may not. A sonso of that decorum and decency which aro duo to the conduct of public business may or may not exist to produco a bettor Parliamentary tone than wo havo soon in other Parliaments, But tho concern, of the publie with the mattor now is in its business aspoot, and in respect of the loss of timo and the delay in public legislation that must result from persistence iii a temper and tone with the results of whick the country is only too familiar. Members thotnsolves aro tho boat judges of their own manners, but the country has a right to say how its servants in the Legislature will occupy tho public timo. Tho trouble about some of our legislators is that they seem to hare no sonso1 of ' the. strength of reserve -in language, and no appre- ciation of the results which may be commanded by a judicious uso of the restrictivo rigour cf verbal discipline. To coll a spado a spade ÍB thoir idoa of , tho uses to which thoir right of privileged i and at times cxcoodingly free spooch may j bo applied. But when in an Assembly of upwards of ono hundred and twonty members wo havo a number of persons yearning to express tho workings of thoir minds in this rudimentary fashion, one hardly wonders if ita -excessive plain- ness is now and then illustratod by those primoval characteristics of con- duct which wo must suppose wore tho invariable if not necessary concomitants of elomontary essays in articulate speech. Frankness is an oxcellont thing in its _ way, and candour has engaging qualities of its own, oven in a ! deliberativo assembly. But, unfortunately for any apology for crudo spoech which . may sook to baso itself on such truisms, F tho disorders in our Parliament will usually bo found to spring * from an absonco of , thoso aduiirablo qualities. A swooping i majority of tho instances of Parliamentary disorder are caused, not by tho desire of ! some honourable membor to call a spado > a spade, but from, an ill-regulated impulso to call Borne other gentlo 1 man exorcising tho high legislativo function by some offensive name. It is possiblo to convey exactly tho samo impression in another way, if necos 1 sary, but some members so lack ap- preciation of what in such a connection t it would bo a pity to call tho nuances ? of language that they profor the I cruder method. . It is perhaps too late in the day to sot i up a school of Parliamentary manners and I expression, as wo might a school of f dic- ing or dancing to teach members of the 1 Assembly deportment. Perhaps, too, wo aro not yet sufficiently removed from tho . orßio of abuse and the AValpurßis whirl of recrimination that went on"rluriiig the gonoral election to oxpoct too much decorum. Wo have n right to look for something better at the beginning of tho sossion, but tho descont to Avornus is easy. A public mnn ofton begins by discourteous conduct to tho "honost newspaper follows," as THACKERAY calls thom, who wait on him in tho interest of tho public Thonco ho goes swiftly down tho headlong course of demoralisa- tion, until ho roaches tho political dopravity of indulging in looso speech on olectionooring platforms. Tho Avornus of Pai'liamoniary disorder cornea noxt, with tho consuro of Mr. Spoakor and tho criticism of tho public and the press. Wo haro thus ex- hibited for our warning, and for the in struction of legislators, a shocking ox amplo of whnt may happen whon the ordinary deconcics and restraints of speech oro forgotten. Disorder in tho House, fiom what over causo arising, is' detrimental to this, mid for that reason it must bo put down with a firm hand early in tho sossion, beforo it has timo to becomo a habit. AVo havo seen into what confusion one disorderly interruption may throw tho Assembly. Wo havo only to suppose a group of some, twenty or thirty members similarly disposed to call spndos by their shortest names, and incapablo of calling thom anything olso, to ronliso that tho only fitting place to hold tho closing Bussion of 6iich a doliborativo body as the Houso would soon bocomo would havo to bo something vory different from tho Legislativo Assembly. The brilliant appearances of meteoric phenomena in the evening sky lately have been the theme of admiration and com- ment ; in their time-honoured fashion affording another example of the power of these celestial visitants to excite the popular faculty of the marvel- lous, and to touch the springs of wonder. In the infancy of the ages and in the child- hood of the world it was natural enough, of course, that those vagrant sparks of cosmic matter should have impressed men's minds with a sense of portent, like MIL- TON'S comet which from its " horrid hair shakes pestilence and war." The senti- ment of vague curiosity with which Chal- dæan shepherds and other tribal dwellers on the plains viewed the starry pano- rama nightly spread for them would quickly change to one of awe at the sudden apparition of a flaming meteor, and their receptive minds would be readily attuned to the keynote of the mar- vellous by the magnificent outflash of a falling star. To connect the unforeseen calamities of life with the unlooked-for appearances thus startling the quiet of an Oriental night would be the result of an unconscious mental pro- cess, and so by an easy transition the spectacle would be magnified into a portent "affrighting the nations." The languages of all peoples bear token of some tradition in which this belief appears ; and though the advances of scientific knowledge and a certain popular discredit of the marvellous have done much to adjust these and other traditional beliefs to the tests of fact, there still linger traces of a connection in the popular mind between the phenomena and some other things with which they have no visible concern. In old days, when wondrously garbed and gifted astrologers cast nativities and erected schemes, the meteor played a dis- tinguished part in influencing the horoscope and forecasting the future. In the pro- sent unromantic times the furthest the most fauporstitious or imaginativo of us can go is to suggest that possibly these appearances may have some effect on the weather. But it is discouraging to learn on the best expert evidence that even on so simple a matter as this the meteor has no value as a portent. The laws that govern the appearance of meteoric bodies are sufficiently well under- stood now to leave no room for theories even about their influence on the weather. The observation of their periodicity and its cause settled that question. We now look for meteors and star-showers as regularly as for the seasons, at the beginning of January, the end of July, the first and second weeks in August, from the eighth to the fourteenth of November, and about the eleventh of December. The meteor seen last Saturday, for example, was astro- nomically due on that date, and forms part of an annual star-shower familiar enough in the Middle Ages under the namo of "St. Lawrence's Tears," but first scientifically observed by QUETELET in 1836. As the meteors may be visible from any quarter of the globe, with its endless variety of climate, it is evident that they cannot have any local meteorological significance in the wide sense of the term. The law governing their movement is perhaps best illustrated by the course of what are known as the November star-showers, which may be described as flights of meteors on a large scale. The first recorded observation dates from what is picturesquely known as "the Year of the Stars." In that year, 902, a Moorish king died ; and on the night of his decease " there were seen, as . it were lances, an infinite number of stars, which scattered themselves like rain to left and right," Sir ROBERT BALL, the Astronomer Boyal of Ireland, tells the story and goes on to explain how twenty-nine reappearances of the same shower have been observed since the "Year of the Stars," being onco in every thirty-throe years. This is the period of time occupied by the great group of meteors to which theso particular appearancos belong in travers- ing their elliptical orbit round the sun. The revolution of the earth in its yearly orbit makes it cross the track of tho motcor-group at about the dates of the Novombor star-shower, en- countering somo ^straggling shooting stars or motoorites on each occasion. Every thirty-third yoar, however,' the approaoh of tho group itself produces its exceptionally brilliant display, and the forcos of attraction and air- resistance are responsible for tho meteoric relics of our contact with tho flight of those follow pnssengors of ours through tho illimitable regions of tho starry void. This explanation introduces us to the niotcor whirling through spaco, but it does not throw any light so far on the quostions as to what it is and whore it cernes from. Thoro are theories, but no abso- lutely definite knowlodgo on theso points. Tho least open to objection seoms to bo that of TSCUKRMAK, an Austrian authority, who says that meteoritos have a volcanic source in some celestial body. To lunar eruptions tho preference is given over disturbances on other planets, but some authorities prefer to ascribe the origin of these bodies to volcanio orup tions on our own, at a time when tue explosivo and propulsive force of the volcano was stronger than it is now. Howovor this may bo, we know that these bodios aro continually circling in spaco, and that ovory now and thon at periodical intervals thoy bocomo visible, for tho curious reason that tho friction sot up by thoir rapid passage through tho pressuro of the oarth's atmosphoro genorates boat in theso bodies and makes thom luminous. In tho case of last Saturday's meteor obsorvers noticed that it disappeared with- out explosion whilo still high in tho air. The inference astronomers allow us to draw is that in the cases of this and other meteors similarly disappearing such intonse heat is generated by the friction that the body is forced into vapour. Sometimes aerolites and meteoric stones strike the earth, and most museums have pieces of such stone, which show, by their constituents of iron and nickel, &c;, what the meteor itself is made of. Sir ROBERT BALL speaks of this aerolithic bombardment of the earth as a tempest of missiles the force of which no artillery could equal. They would soon render the earth unin- habitable, he says, if they were permitted to rain down unimpeded on its surface ; but we only see them in the flash of their extinction, when they come into contact with the kindly screen of our atmosphere. The whirlings of ages are stopped in an instant ; and it is when the fancy is set going by the appearance of meteors like those which have formed the subject of so much atten- tion during the week, and when the mind is thus brought into touch with the birth and death of a microcosmic world, that we realise how much of the romance of the universe there is in the sudden flight of a shooting star across the evening sky._ It noeds courngo at the prosout time to tako up ono'a parablo in public concerning games and critically examine thoso re- creations to which tho peoplo aro most in- clined. It has been said that tho bond of a common amusemont or hobby is more poworful than any othor. Therefore the mombers of that section criticised resent disparagement, and thoy aro joined by othor sportsmen who fear that theirs will bo tho noxt turn for attack, until tho wholo confratornily is aroused and tho rash critic is fain to retiro, daunted by tho storm of reprobation. Thoro was an instanco Intel}- in Melbourno, whou tho Kov. Dr. TORRANCE said some unfavourable things about lady cyclists, and by the timo tho resulting fray was over the clergy- man had certainly gathorod exponenco of tho differenco botweon pulpit and press methods of controversy. It so happens that about tho date of Dr. TORRAXCE'S philippic Mr. CHARLES ROIIEMS was dis- cussing in a London magazine- tho physiology of recreation, and it is to bo imaginod that some of tho English writer's strictures will bo as littlo palot abio as the Melbourno proachor's. Golf is ono of the featuros of to-day. Not to know tho sport which, with some reminisconco of' "goose," is called the royal and auciont game, is to bo vory much unkuown. Evon though you may regard it as glorified tuarblos, " throe holes " IN excthis, for tho sako of poaco and quiotnoss it ia woll to dissemble suoh light csteom, for tho North Briton takos evon his amusements soriously and is apt to find matter of dudgeon in tito Southron's view of golf, curung, and tho uko. Golf has spread with Scottish energy. In England and Amorica it baa becomo a crazo, aud its cultivation abroad has reacted upon Scotland itsolf. As to othor parts, what const of the world is now ignorant of all that makos up this woird pnstimo, while its terminology of foursomes, bunkors, links, tees, cleoks, caddies, and what not is pnrt of tho dia- lectical invasion of South by North Britain. This ii tho sport, this sorious interest of Mr. BALFOUR and many loss ominont porsonages, which Mr. EonEnrs rologates to tho maturo, who aro those of sixty years and upwards. For such, ho pronounces, " golf is a typo of the most suitable games." As for the game of bowls, popularly identified with leisured years and n liberal displacement, ho denies it a place in his list of physical recreations of physiological valuo. Even those rashnesses loso piquancy when Mr. EOBERTS'S attitude towards eyclomania is considered. That is the crazo of this end of tho century. Neither sex, no ago, no condition of lifo is oxompt from tho contagion of cycling. It is true that bia Holiness has forbidden his clorgy to make pastoral calls by means of the bicycle ; but thou, as a sot-off, when Mr. CURZON was at Cabul ono of the things which most intorcsted tho AMEER was to discusa with the Englishman the pneumatic tiro. The- Öyclo of Cathay, though not contemplated by the late Lauroate, surely indicates universal prevalence. That powerful Kaisor who is somotimes roferred to as tho young man in a hurry has not yet boon Boon in public upon a bioycle, but it is not impossible, and his English royal rela- tives aro some of them adepts. As for tho'commonalty, whooling is a greater rago than has boen soen this century. The sedatost of mon is not safo from tho fascination, and no one knows whom ho may to-morrow behold infringing the Towns Police Act by " scorching " in tho public thoroughfares. It follows from this universality that tho man who has anything derogatory to say about eyclomania must have tho courage of his opinions. It does not matter who he may be, for benefit of clergy is not to be thought of. The correspondent, who is legion, will bo upon him, and his name will be a byword among tho porfcrvid youth of throo, continents. Knowing all this, Mr. ROBERTS in hid table of tho comparativo merit of open-air rooreations puts oycling a poor penul- timate. In this order they stand:-(1) Running, athletics, games, skating, skip- ping, &c;, ; (2) riding, (3) rowing, (4) swimming, (5) walking, (6) cycling, (7) marching. " Cycling," we aro told, " has tho great advantage of taking young mon into the country and the open air ; but as an exercise it is inforior to walking, and the position of tho oyolist is not olegant, if, indoed, it doos not tend to the production of perma- nent bodily deformity." This is Mr. EoiiEttTs's dictum ; upon his hoad be the poril. A doliveranco equally outspoken and clear of cant wo got on tho subject of rational recreation for the several classes of tho population. ' It is not so prossing a problom this with us as with the home peoplo, though hero also wo tend to repro- duce the conditions, social and industrial, of the races to which we bolong, and therefore it is not injudicious to anticipate liko ovils in course of timo, though modifiod by dif- ference of climatn. Alternation of pur- suits is naturally recommonded. The city man, bound to a sodentary though light occupation,, may find bonofit by some manual toil in the opon air ; but the man whose muscular labour is heavy doos not want any more work, disguised as it may bo. .That is why tho stroets, which are the theatre and pioturo gallory and drawing-room of the poor, have for so many a constant fascination. Philanthropic people doploro the numb ora that frequont tho principal thoroughfares of tho city and tho chiof suburbs by night, and would rather soo tho folk in roading rooms, nip;ht-schools, and such institutions. Theso peoplo haunt tho streets bocauso of a natural urging. Thoy aro tired-tho cleric and shopman as well as tho manual labourer-of their day's taskwork, and in the few hours of evoning or on Satur- days they are glad to moot companions, and fleet tho time carolossly amid tho distractions of the stroots. Mr. EDMUND GOSSE was pleading tho othor day for moro and bettor sculp- tures iu parks and streets ; and Mr. ROBERTS enforces tho same lesson :-Mako tho lobouror's cottago moro lovoly, moro orderly, moro restful and healthy ; make the stroots moro beautiful, ordorly, in- structive, nrchiteoturally and otherwiso ; throw wido open tho doors of picturo gal- leries, museums ; próvido moro parks and gardons, with music and other forms of amusomont, ajid you will próvido suitablo, though not necessarily sufficient, recreation for two of tho largest classes of our population. The advice is wiso, and more than ever appropriate to climates like ours, where, as in Greece, Italy, and the South of Franco, tho peoplo may at most times, and should at some seasons of the yoar, spend largo part of their loisuro in the opon, LETTERS FBOX LONDOM.-Mr. Henry Luoy in his letter this weok, referring to the retirement in October of tho Duko of Cambridge, speaks of the futuro Commander-in-Chicf as ono of the sido I issues involved in the general election. Ho is of [ opinion that had Lord Rosebery and his colleagues remained in power Lord Wolseley would certainly havo tilled th« nowly-orcated post. A curions rumour that is current is to the etlcet that tho ap- pointment of Frineo Henry of Baticnborg to govern India would meet with the favour of tho Prince himself and of her Majesty the Queen. Lady Brassey's farewell " at homo"" on the Sunbeam is described, and we aro told that of all tho objects about tho yacht tho ano that Lord Brassey is most proud of is tho framed certificat« issued by the Board of Traio declaring Thomas Brassey a master mariner. Mention is made in tho letter to tho many congratulations rocoived by Sir Honry Irving on his knighthood. Our cor- respondent in his "Old World Gossip" writes about tho political situation, tho Italian fleet at Portsmouth, and tho Honloy Regatta, which was one of the fow social gatherings not spoilt by the general olection. VICE-RKOAL NEWS.-A meeting of tho ladies' committee of tho Boys' Brigado concert will be hold at Government Houso at 11 o'olock on Mon- day morning. On Tuesday evening his Excel- lency tho Governor will preside at a lecture at tho Centenary nail, York-street, in aid of tho T.SI C.A. On Wednesday afternoon Lady Darloy will attend a matinee at tho Lyceum Theatre, and will afterwards open tho Winter Orchid and Daffodil Show at the Crystal Talaeo Skating Rink. On tho ovoning of the samo day bis Excellency and Lady Darley will attend tho performance at tho All Saints' Chtiroh Schoolroom in aid of All Saints' Church, Wool- lahra. On Thursday afternoon Lady Darloy is to bo present at the children's eoncert at tho Man- chester Unity Hall, and on Saturday his Excel- lency and Lady Darloy wiU attend the meeting of the Lewisham Hospital. Minnierra LK-BKLHOIIE LI«.E -It was men- tioned some timo agu that owing to tho limited traffic on tho Marrickvillo-Boliuoro railway lino the Railway Commissioners, in view of tho neces- sity for economy, decided to withdraw tho fixed ofllcuili at tho stations on the lino Tho issuo of tickcls is non conducted largoly by an employeo »ho tiavols with tho trains, and in place of tho card tickota which are usually ue"d bj railway passengers, what is known as a "simplox" tio.ct is givon »hen tho fare is paid This ticket contains printed ono undor tho other the wliolo of tho names of tho stations from Sydney to Bolmore, or »loe versa for a rotura ticket It also contains the names of tho months, nnd tho numbers from 1 to 31, and tho years ISO >, 18Ü0, and 1897 The stations from and to which tho ticl ot is issued aro indicated by tho employee punching a bolo opposito the two names llio ila), month, and year aro in heated in tho samo way 1 ni CASF OP Jon t Corr -The ropoit of the modicilnuthoiitics who wero conuertcd with tlio case of John Copp wa» received yesterday after- noon by the ¿oparlraent of Justice, and con- sequently there has not yet been timo to arnvo at an} decision Speaking beforo tho report had boen received, Mr Want said that, if the doctors conoerucu hold out an> hopo of nny possiblo result from if, tho body of Copp would be oxhumod, but, on tho othor hand, if it was reported that it would bo an absolute!} meloss undertaking it would not bo done Everything would depend on tho nuturo of tho report from tho medical men who had been conncotcd with tho oasa Tut Mair, STIAMEKS-Tho Miovvora, m tho Ciinndian-Australian line, will leave hero on tho 20th instant for Vnncouvcr To-day tho Austra lien is duo from JNoumoa, ana on üionaay noxt tho Alameda, from San Francisco, and the Parra- matta, from London, aro duo. Tho agent of the P. aud O. Company writes :-" The P. and 0. Company have uiado a contract with the Italian Government for a tbreo wcokly servioe between Vonico, Brindisi, and Fort Said, and for the present tho steamers Clyde, Ganges, Sutlej, and Thames will be placed on that lina, continuing tho voyago on from Fort Said to Bombay for cargo and pas- senger trafilo. Passengers from Australia can tranship at Port Said or Brindisi to the steamers for Venico, if desiring to proceed'to. that port." Tho Liguria yesterday completed a fast run to Albany from Colombo, tho tituo'oooupiod being 10 days. This is an average of 330 miles p°r day. LONO-DISTANOB SiGaioNa.-Lund's lino steamer Bungaree has just steamed from Dover direct to Fremantle in 41 days 22 hours and 22 minutos, round tho Cape of Good Hope. The total dis- tance is 10,921 miles, giving a daily avorago, all weathors, 200*0 milos ; hourly averago, 10*9 knots right through. DiscaABOiHo TUE STEAMED OIHENT.-As tho work progresses at the dischargo of tho mail steamer Orient, it is seen that the damage to tho cargo by water ii extensive. Yesterday the men lbeloww~i shovelling tho aoúdea mass*» out of toe ship's hold. A great deal of it will have to be taken outside the Head) * and discharged 'there. The' damage don* by the fire is comparatively insignificant to the destruction the water caused, and the only util' factory feature is that this fino steamer waa saved. That tome bettor method has not yet bees discovered of suppressing a fire within tho four walli of > ship without destroying by water cargo which in some instances ii of mora value than tho ihip itself (though this dow not apply to a steamer like the Orient) is one of Hu problems of the day. THE STKIXEB BUNOUSKIS AHOSO ICI.-Captain J. Raglan Brodie, writing of his'voyage oat ima London to Fremantle on his way to Sydney, says :-" While running down the easting aa iooborg was sighted right ahead on tis evening of the 23rd July at 9.30 p.m., in lat. 43-13 S. and long. «1-30 E. For- tunately, the previous thick weather had just cleared np, and we wero enabled to see it »boat on. mile off, and just had time to keep clear of it It would bo 50ft. high and 300ft. long. On the evening of tho 24th July, in lat. 43-16 8., long, 5G'.5 E. .another ioehcrg about 160ft. high wai sighted about 15 miles to tho north of us." It was ia this vicinity that the steamer Fort Chalmers crashed into a berg and was io lerionily damaged. AN EXCITINO SCENE AT SEA.-An unusually fino opportunity was afforded those on board the Adelaide Company'»- s.s. Bullara while on her recent ran down tho Queensland coast of wit- nessing that raro maritime speotaolo-a conflict between a thresher fish and a whale. At 9 am, on Tuesday, louth of Lady Elliott Island, the steamer passed within SO yards of a blowing; whale, and shortly after the whale was seen to be attacked by à tiireshor. Tho latter, which seemed to bo a largo dark-coloured fish of 8ft. or 10ft. in length, oould^ bo soon throwing itself twice its own length Lut» too air, glistening in the sunlight, and falling heavily on tho whale, the latter spouting water. It is supposed that the whale ii prevented from sounding by the attack of a swordtsh from below, always acting in combina- tion with the thresher. The sea waa lashed into foam frtr «nmn innca «wi"»H »t.« "«.-a.-*-*- ? loam lor some space arouna ino combatants, and so long as thoy romtined'in viow of those who saw this sea fight tho thresher could be seen leaping and falling with almost the regularity of a machine. QOEKXSIAN-D GOLD.-Tostorday the steamer Eurimbla, from Queensland ports, brought newly 2000OZ. of gold, tho production of Queensland mines. . CHOLEHA AT SINOATOBE.-Advices from Singa- pore, under date the 21th ultimo, state that nine oases of cholora were reported there on the day bs foro. Several deaths bad occurred, and the disease was spreading dally. TBAVEU.IÜO STOCK PERMITS.-Tho Department of Mines and Agriculture recently issued 1 circular to the several Inspectors of Stock, directing thom to seo Unit travelling statement« of pormits so company all stock .arriving at Homebush, and in order to insist in( having this carried out the Railway Commissioners have approved of a suggestion to allow station masters to keep a supply of forms of travelling statements marke! A for the use of owners in cbargo of their own stock, who had omitted to furnish themselves, with these documents prior to starting for the railway station, and of tho form B, now termed "way bill," to bo used by 'drovers to Whom the autnal owners of tho stock , had neglected to give, as required by the Aot, tho nccossary permit, or as tho cass may be, travelling statement. As definite instructions havo boen given, with the view to the prevention of stock stealing, that all stock arriving at Home- bush must be accompanied with a permit or travelling statement, it is thought this pro- posal will bo a convenience to owners who bring their stock without a statement, and that the pro- posed way bill will bo of servioo in tracing stock suspected of being stolen, whilo the fact of such a document having been given will not free the owner who omitted to furnish tho permit or state» ment from proscoution should the case require such a courso tobo taken, bat, as a rale, if the way bill is comploted and sent on with the stock, the offender will for tho first offence be let off witk a caution. ioma ANO DUCKS IN LONDOK-The Depart- . ment of Agriculture has received a letter from the Agent-General with respect to the consignment of poultry whioh was forwarded to England from the Hawkesbury Agricultural College. Messrs. Nelson Brothers, to whom the poultry was sent, report that it arrived in good condition, and had been carofnlly prepared and frozen. Tho consignment, however, arrived just too lato in the season te obtain high prices. Tho fowls fetched U 6d a pair, and the ducks 2s each. A few Muscovy ducks were forwarded on bohalf of a poultry breeder who was anxious to test tho English market, but they only realisod 2s each. Meant, Nelson Brothers report that,it is inadvisable te ship Muscovy ducks, thero being a general preju- dice against thom in tho market, and sales are only niado when scarcity prevails. ExFoiix OF LIVE CATTLE.-The Nairnsbire, due to-day from London will on her homo loading, tako a number of live bullocks for the English market, and the steamer Maori King, due next Wednesday, is being fitted up for 160 head, to be carried on dock. PIUVY COUNCIL AN-EA L.-At the sitting of the Privy Council, at Whitehall, on 3rd July last, the case of tho bankruptcy matter of E. W. Cook wai decided. It was an appeal from an order of the Supreme Court of this colony, which reversed an order of Mr. Justice Owon, sitting ni Judge in Bankruptcy, who refused to doclaro a bill of sale given by E. W. Cook to tho appollnnt, Dr. W. Morris, on tho 11th of July, 1802, void as against tho officiai assignoo of tho bankrupt. Dr. Morris appealed from tho decision of the Fall Court, and the Privy Counoil in giving its decision found that in tho case coder appeal the bill of salo was granted in respect of a present advanco by a portion not shown to be in- solvent. The titlo of the grantee was then com- plete, and did not depend upon his taking posses- sion, though, owing to his' not doing so, tho provisions of tho Bills, of ' Sale Ast might, in certain events, i havo deprived him of his security. Beyond this tho title was unaffected hy it. Thoir lordships advised her Majesty that the judgment appealed from slould bo rovers«!, and tho order of tho Judge in Biak ruptcy restored, and that respondent should pay costs in the Supremo Court, and the costs of vhia appoal. \ TnE lÏKDiT.nx HAIIAVAT ACCIDENT CASE.. Yesterday tho Full Court dcoided that tho appeal on tho list with regard to cortnin aetiouB arising out of tho Redfern railway disaster shall be taken on Monday. Only that of Maokcnzio v. the Ball- way Commissioners will ho argued, however, sa the other two havo been soltled. In tho case of Jones v. tho Ruilway Commissioners the arraugl ment arrived at was published a few days age, and we now leam that the appeal in the action ia which Dr. Maher wns plaintiff will not bo pro- ceeded with, tho settlement arrived at being that tho verdict shall stand, plaintiff receiving his cost» assessed nt £75. DEÜTSO wini Souciions.-Yesterday tho caso of two solicitors who had been cited to answer certain affidavits and to show cause why thoy should not bo struck off tho roll was dealt with by tho Full Court. In tho matter of Franoii Woodward, of Wollongong, the offences committed woro so flagrant that their Honors unanimously struck him off the roll and ordered him to pay certain sums which he had withheld from olients. In the oourso of his judgment tho Chief Justice men- tioned that it was sometimes said that the Court ought to instituto criminal proceedings in those oases ; bnt it was no part of its duty to do so. The Judges had no power by Statuts to take the initiative in that way, and such a course must be left to tho client. In tho second case-that of J. Armit, of Bourko-the Court considered that lix months' suspension would meet tho case, added to a monoy penalty. TnE SA«E on TiuNBFEn or RAILWAY. TICKETS. -A caso which is of wido-sproad interest, espe- cially to railway travellers, was argued before the Full Court yestorday. Tho second bylaw adopted by the Railwav Commissioners provides that " Any person not duly authorised by the Commis- sioners who shall Boll, or óffor for Bale, any free pass, ticket, or portion of a rotura ticket, or who shall use, or attempt to use a transferred ticket, « atiokotthoUmoforusingwhioh has expired, shall be liablo to a penalty not exceeding £5.' ? £ "W" time ago ii man named William Smidt *« charged at Goulburn with a broach of thie by- law, by selling portion of a return ticket, and, upon conviction, ho was fined in tho maximum penalty, and ho now appealed mainly on the ground that tho by-law waa ultra _ fir«. Counsel for the Commissioners, however, said that if tho appellant's conta»« k.M loo-, this extraordinary position would '¿Jtoneht about. Tho Commissioners had , J!. ""¿i clerks for tho sale of ttckoU, and SI wera sold on tho express condition that Jr-Be only to bo used by tho porson by or for ÏÏL they wero purchased, yot privat« individuals Tti-t-p ¡a opposition to the railway offices, ansrliaps for tho soko of attracting customers L other commodities soil tiokets at a considcr Sjiisoount for cash oxpondod in other directions. ÎÎ «j easy to rcaliso that hotol-koopori ¡Ltrallway stations might find it worth while to Itat this plan in order to promoto «usinosi ; but ¡¡¿Imittcd that under the bylaw quoted tho ¿¡w Commissioners possessod an absolute . S«clnsivo right to soil tickots. Tho proposi L ,alimitied to tho Bondi appeared at first vj, (0 to oapablo of oasy solution ; but in the ¡¡¡j jnagtiiont was resorvod. TuE-v. JAM-- CLARKE.-Yesterday the gen «-unnamed appeared before tho Full Court and ZZ¿ for loavo to appeal to the Privy Council ¿tot tho decision of tho Divoroo Judge granting ¡tates absolute for dissolution of his marriage, ?j ,]", against ii rocontordor of tho Fall Court, ii it appeared, hovvover, that ho had not given «Le of his intended application to tho parties 'lerfstcd tho Court declined to cnlorlnin it, and Astir, gentleman reluctantly retired, after a vain súpito convinco thoir Honors that on the legal M-jct of tho mnttor thoir dooision wa« erroneous. guv! FINES ron ILLICIT STILLS.-At tho Xifiewn Polico Court yesterday Captain Fishor '¿nit with two oases in whioh persons wero ¿uwdwith having boon found hooping illicit ¡¡¡HiTin tho neighbourhood of Camperdown. Tho -"eedingä woro instituted by tho Distilleries n^jrtroent at tho instnnco of tho Nowtown Î2â, In tho first caso two persons named Ejnre Ambroso Franklin and John Brinda w Sheridan wero ohorged with keeping an ant (till at premises known as 147 Denison ,het, Camperdown. Tho chnrgo ngainst Frank- ton! withdrawn, and Sheridan was finod £500, hoir tho highest penalty in such casca; in do juJt 12 months' imprisonmont. In tho second "ajibntchor, named Albert Smith, waa chargod tjjtli having been found keeping an illicit still at 11 Kowloy-atrcot, Camperdown. Smith, who fta-ed guilty, was fined £100 ; in default thrco lieothi' imprisonment. COMBINE- TEA.-Yesterday afternoon tho city Wpeitor of nuisances (Mr. Soymour), the city laits officer (Dr Gwjnuo Hughes), and the imitait inspector (Mr Baker) examined a largo (otaitiment of tea from tho steamship Orient Ils result was that 1500 cases were condomned lbs te« was found to bo saturated with saltwater, ui »is completely dostrofod, as a result of ¿»fire on the ship Mnny cases of tea, con urjed to Holbourne, nnd Now Zealand, which Ure not jet been examined, aro bolieved to le in a similar condition Tho tea will bo optied into the Go\ eminent punt and taken out a)e Ile Heads hsw iciioor. AT nosiFDüoii -Tlio Department d Pallia Instruction has, through Mr Varney Poire», ULA, notified tho Strathfield Council rf its intention to erecta now school at Homo tas Coiovui PRODUCE Ri ronT -In tins lisno wo tablish under dato London, 12th Julj, our cor jujendetit s Colonial Produce Report dealing vita tis state of tho home markets in tho princi- pe colonial exports PsBSEVTAno-J TO Mn n T WEBSTEB -At (li tantallon of Mr T S Morgan, a pleasant ploenne ef tho frionds of Mr H T Webster, of tit Australian Joint Stock Bank, Limited (who bl recently been promoted to tho position of Einiger at tho head ofllce), was held on Wcdncs iiT evening at Morgan-, illo, Wnverloy The nopiny mclujed Mr David Storoj, ML A, isa Mr C A Loo, M L A , and among tho ¡tntlimcn present w oro representatives of othor tain Mr O A Leo proposed tho health of Mr Wolistcr, and referred in oulo^istio terms to ni qualities as a f non 1 and his abilities and ox ptntoco os a banker In wishing him every nc*ej9 ia the future, holtad tho additional plea em et presenting him with ii sonvonir of tho ceeuen-s ¡rift fiom a fow of his moro intimate. fcods Mr Webster suitably responded A TiEiJANT GATUEHINO -On Tnday ovoning, Us 91b instant, n number of horticultural friends rfHr 0 Bennot tho well-known ro«o growor, ftthercd at Mr O ~B Pitt's oiliui for tho purposo dprnenting Mr Bennet with an address prior to b departure for England Mr Houghton Brtdloj, who waa in tho chair, rend tho address, theh «as signed 1>} tho presidents representing ile member« of! tho metropolitan and suburbin .orhcultural societies, and at its conclusion, on killi of the donors, presented Mr Bennet with liar»of sovereigns nndwishodhim bon voyage A Purr rou COMO -A petition, largely signe!, nipresentcd to tho Hurstvillo Council on Thura iijeieningby Aldorman Robert Newell asking ii iHistsnce in an endca > our to induce the Otranment to pro\ido a punt at Como The tJdennen signed tho petition, and it was agreed Hit the document bo sent on to Mr J H Car nJns for presentation AuoaUMO SOCIAL AT BALMAIS -On Thura ¿weteninga largo comp tuv assomblod in Mill's »Uli, Darling-street, nt tho invitation of Alder- ton Henry Mills in connoation with his election ktteeouncü for tho South-east Ward, Balmain. Sr. VC. Moirison Simpson oooupiod tho ohnir, hrógon his right Aldorman Mills. Mr. Donovan, à proposing tho health of Aldonnah Mills, said fe ratepayers wcro gratified in having secured radi an excellent roprosontativo, and ho felt sure they would havo no causo to rcgrot thoir ohoioo. ?' BiutATs CANARY ASSOCIATION.-Tho annual ?dil gathering in eonnootion with tho Balmain Cuity Association took placo on Tuesday ovon ¡nïia the Balmain Masonio Hall, thoro being »_ krjt attendance. Mr. Law, M.L A., off<«ü row congratulatory remnrks on tho success of ?ho sasty, which had just conoludod ita third year's Urara, and showed a substantial credit bataneo b ¡ti funds. Tho members took occasion to pro- mt Hr. J. Bunham (bon. secretary) with n ittujomo souvenir for his serv'cos during tho past JW BiUUE* SOUTH EixcronATK.-Tho Balmain Tero Hall was tho scone of n pleasant gathering lut sight, when Mr. S. J. Law, M.L.A., nnd Ha. Law entertained 200 guests ut a social oven »Î in connection with tho recent successful olec ta «t Balmain South. Muoh tasto was displayed nile decoration of tho building, and capital ro Wments, provided by Mr. W. E. Danoo, wore Wont in tho large banqueting room. ! Awanor PIUZE TO Av AnSTnALiAV.-Mr. S. H. Birrnclough, U.E. Sydnoy University, and «MTB. Cornell University, has boen awarded (fceSIttlorprizoby tho British Instituto of Civil Engineers for a paper read by him beforo the Iutitute on " Heat Losses to thoCylindor Walls of He Stesm Engine." SET LIVE oy 'BUSKS.-With a view to nfiord =5 pester facilities to pationts nnd others who ?»tFrinco Alfred Hospital, a now lino of 'buses luboea established to mu between the hospital lad Circular Quay. KEW MUSIC-Messrs. Chappell and Co., of "»don, forward .'Santloy'a Singing Master,'' a Wrk published in two parts, in tho first of which j» famous barítono shows tho student how to «¡Id a good foundation for tho voioo, and .J til» second how to bring it to tho .Wat pitch of perfection by moans of «Tar« ovorc'sos and cantnbilo melodies » » superior character. Australian amateurs »not need reminding that tho groat baritone is jáuelt ono of tho most polished singers living. Wiihother qualifications whioh ranko for great K" In the vocal-art, Charles Snntley, both as »tho production of tho voice and its" espressivo *i « first and foremost a siugor of finished * In this rospeot, at least, ho novor disappoints «aousours; and this is just the quality JJT lo stamp with authority tho now Mging Master." In the courao of his remarks »mitadcnt, Mr. Santloy writes :-" Romem *Tt a master cannot mako a pupil ; your , Mner cannot do moro than guido you. Having T**u » mister in whom you havo confidence, «Tout his instructions ; let bim teaoli you ; .W attempt to teach him, as is too commonly Wet» with young people.A prevailing «.«nong students, especially of tho femnlo sox, .nat their particular master is tho only ono ktJ*U t<mc1'- r,il""'il" that idea ! It b* ft "1Ct0 nro iaw ß00<i toaohers, j« note few have the samo end in view ; oach ?JIM his own road by which to arrivo at that Inil < Santloy'a sarcostio warning is evi «Urionnded on a oloso acquaintance with the «.«I athtudo of tho average amateur, and 5°*» not ho allowed to pass unheeded. « most important of tho local composi T» » the ballad »Still Apart," written fill»/'1"'01* oF ,ho POP"1*"* "Lycoum ?*"* for Mme. Enriquoü. Dr. MaoCarthy's «Wlovo song, with its three well-contrasted T"o themes and graceful accompaniment, is T"?T» written for tho voico, and the most "Mwouig tribute to its alluring quality was afforded in the enthuaiaitlo encore which followed Mme. Enrique.'« passionate Interprétation of St at her recent farawell conocrt. Miss Lena V. Broach baa been deservedly suc- cessful with her " Olga Waltz," originally reviewed with favour in theso columns, of whioh she now forwards tho fourth edition. The waltz bears an excellent portrait of Misa Olga Nethor solo, to whom it is dedicated. The " Zarita Waltz " ia tho accurato description of tho spark- ling dance movement by Sara E. Bear, reviewed last week. Emile Ludlow ha« composed tho " Yaralla Gavotte " (Messrs. W. H. Paling and Co.). Tho now gavotte, which ii dedicated to Miss Esdith Walker, of Concord, ii a graceful, un- pretentious piece of music, and is not difficult to play. » TUE NEW INCUMBENT OF CIIHIST CUDBOII.-The Rev. Qorard Truwer, M.A., Oxford, the now in- cumbent of Christ Church, ii a passenger by the R.M.S. Liguria, duo in about a week's timo in Sydnoy. DEATH OF AN OLD THEATMOAL MANAOEH.-In theatrical oiroles the nowa will be learned with regret of the death of Mr. J. P. Macdonald, who for some 10 years past bas figured ni Mr. George Rignold's outing manager. Not quita a year ago tho deceased was seriously ill with a complication of discuses, for whioh ho was suc- cessfully treated at St. Vincent's Hospital ; but after a period of invalidism, during which he waa on duty in tho front of Her Majesty's Thoatre looking the ghost of his former «elf, ho again foil seriously ill, and died of dropsy at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon at the institution named abovo. During the three or fonr weeks of his last fatal illness Mr. Macdonald was closely attended by Mr. Charles Ives, of Her Majesty's Theatre Ho bade farowoll to Mr. Rignold on tho morning of hil death, and poised quietly away holding the hand of Mr. Gatty, another mem- ber of the theatrical itali. Mr. Macdonald, who wai of a roticent disposition, is believed to have been about C7 yoars of age, and was born in the neighbourhood of Loch Lomond, Scotland. When Mr. Rignold, in tho oourso of hil tour round the world as "Henry V." fiait visited Sydnoy (1876), ho had tho misfortune to bo quarantined, and tho deceased was one of tho first persons ho mot on hil release However, it was not until Mr. Rignold's return to Australia throe years later that he engaged Mr. Macdonald as his acting-manager, which ho did at the ro I commendation of Mr. Fred. Thorne, an artist I who bud stayed behind after the olosa of tho star's first short stay in this country. Tho raino of J. P. Macdonald thus appeared on tho Rignold programmes of 1879, and has boon retained thoro over since, throughout overy absonco duo to illness, as Mr. Rignold has always dealt gonorously by Mr. Macdonald, whom he had found faithful and just as hia representative during so long a period. During Ins early Australian career Mr. Macdonald filled engagement« with Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrovo, and bo twice speculated on his own ncoount-onco on a tour with J. F. Sheridan, and again after Christmas, 1883-81, wheo, Mr. Rignold being absent in England, ho toured New Zonlnnd with " Lights o' London." Mr. J. P. Macdonald leaves a widow, who resides at Goul- burn. The funeral will leave St. Vincent's Hospital for Wavorloy at 2.45 o'olook to-day. Finn BIUQADE CONTIWD-TIONS-It is impro- bable that anything further will be done by the councils interested in tho matter of disputing the Fire Brigades Board's claim for contributions. Strathfield Council has obtained two opinions on tho subject, and they are both adverse to tho position taken up by the council. AN INOENIOUS APPARATUS.-A useful apparatus for instantaneous lighting has just been patented by Mr. Wolinski. By simply pressing a lever, or pneumatic attachment, to a compact little machino a light is instantly provided. The apparatus ii in tho form of n small walnut box, and attached to tho front aro a small metal lamp and a combined snuffer and electric contact brush. Inside aro two cells for tho generation of the electric current. On pressing tho lover the electrical circuit is cotnpletod, and as the snuffer rises frpm tho wick a spark is generated, and tho lamp is instantly alight. POCTBAIT op THE SrEAEEn,-Mr. A. J. Daplyn has completed a olovor portrait of Sir Joseph P. Abbott, Speaker, whioh is now on view at Messrs. Callan and Son's Gallery, George-street. Tho painter shows tho Speaker seated in a. chair, wearing his wig of formal cut, and robed in the voluminous dress of his high offico. Mr. Daplyn has thus had difficult accessories to handle, but in the result ho has contrived an easy and natural portrait, not wholly devoid of picturesque olomenta. Tho expression of tho countenance is tranquilly cheerful, the modelling is careful, and the warm carnations of tho fuco, and tho riband of the order of knight- hood worn round tho neck, successfully roliovo tho sombro masses of black drapery which envclopo tho figure. Tho treatment of tho silk textura is exceedingly clover, so thot tho picture as a wliolo forms one of tho best things Mr. Daplyn has done. ACCIDENT TO A BOY AT BALMAIN.-Yesterday afternoon a boy named Roy Mortimer, residing with his parents, at Darling-stroot, Balmain, wes admitted to tho local Cottage Hospital. Ho waa playing near a manglo, the handlo of which struck thu boy on the head, causing a fracturo of tho skull. ACCIDENT IN A SCIIOOL GBODND.-Whilo play- ing in tho Newtown Public School ground yester- day, a lad named William J. Sullivan was pushed down by another lad. At first ho appeared to bo unhurt ; but subsequently it was found that he received jw serious injuries to his right leg that hospital treatment beenmo necessary. Ho was .>3ä-sttted to Prince Alfred Hospital. NAKBOW EscArES AT SEA.-On tho passage of tho ship Neotsfield, from London to Sydney, n seaman named Watta had a very narrow escapo of losing his lifo. In a galo tho men wero up furl- ing tho topsail, when one of thom in hauling taut a gaskot foil from tho yard. A cry wau immediately raised, " A mau ovorboard." On somo of tho mon coming down the rigging thoy snw someting lying across tho foreynrd whioh provod to bo tho poor fellow. Thoy got hold of him and -carried him down, whon ho was found to bo all right, although much shaken and not much the worsî for his fall. Another narrow escapo was that of a boy named Fitzpatrick, who, instead of walking down tho rigging, attempted to slide down tho baokstay, when ho slipped and fell to tho deck. When picked up ho was insensible, but gradually recovorod. A LIFT ACCIDENT - Loftus Evans, 19 years of age, was admitted into the Sydney Hospital yes- terday suffering from cuts on the face and in- ternal injuries. He was employed at the Steam Cooperage Works, Blackwattle Bay, and inad- vertently stopped into the lift-well, and fell a distance of about 10ft. A LECTURE in connection with the Y.M.C.A. Winter Course, will be given on Monday evening next by Mr. A. W. Jose, tho subject being " Britain the Coloniser." IN the Y.M.C.A. Hall on the 21st instant a banjo concert will be given. 