NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. I had occasion to refer recently to the prosecution of some teamsters and d:cvers for going on the roads on a Sunday. Of a somewhat different character were the proceedings taken last week against some miners at Llthgow for working on a Sunday. In the former caie the work was to a large extent one of necessity. In the esse of the drovers they would actually have committed an offence under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act, bed they failed to travel their stock a given distance dating the 24 hours. The prosecution therefore in thore instances amounted to v c xatlouB "and wanton persecution, under cover ot« statute that m ; ght be regarded as obsolete. Very different was the case of the Lithgow miners. Here the men did not work on their own desire, bnt because tbey were ordered to do so by the manager, who hardly made an attempt to show that the work was one of necessity. It is not ihen toba wondered at that tbe prosecution was not ene cointnandlrg the sympathy of the pnbllc. There Is a princ'ple involved—that of conserving one dsy In seven for reBt—a principle which it is the inteiest of every man In the community to uphold. For if it were cot caded that cne employer of labour would rcqiire his men to work seven daye, other employers would avail themselves of tbe same privilege, and the ultimate result would be that the labourer would have to do seven days work for six days wages. This is against the spirit of the age and against the general feeling ot people in all English speaking countries, whether rigid sabbatarians or otherwire. * * * S>me members of the Birough Council appear to be possessed by a curious coniuslot of thought with regard to the effect of the system of taxation on the unimproved value of land. At a recent meeting of the Council, it was again urged that the adoption of thiF principle would be indispensable If the are a o! 'he borough were enlarged, because much of the new land taken in would be bare ot improvements, and so would yield no revenue under tbe ordinary system of taxation. This it. need hardly be said is a palpable fallacy. Were it otherwise, the excellent shire system which has worked so well for the past quarter of a century in Victoria, would have fallen to pieces twenty years ago. For the benefit, however, of the aldermen who do not realise the position, it may perhaps be as well to point out, that BO far as revenue is concerned, it should make no difference to a municipal council which system Is adopted, provided only that the limit of taxation is properly considered. Under the Local Government Bill recently submitted the maximum for unimproved value taxation was fixed too low, but (his fault is evidently about to be emended. If this amendment be equitably iff*cted, so that the holder of land is not penalised in comparison with the owner of house property, then financially the Council will have nothing to gain and nothing to lose by the choice of either Bystem. Of course, if the maximum were placed too high, then It would be in the power of a single tax msjirlty to put on a tax amounting tn confiscation of rural land. * * * The municipal elections are now tbe prevailing topic of local interest A host of possible and impossible candidates are mentioned, and nomination day is likely to show agood number of competitors for the vacant seats. Whether the multiplicity of candidates will tend to secure the return of the three best is not so certain. E >ch man will of course have tbe support of his own immediate friends, and the votes will thus get split up in a way that will make it doubtful to forecast the result. On the whole, the single tsx party would appear to have the best chances of snccase. To do this body justice, it is well organised. Ir will no doubt select three candidates and support these three only, and the solid vote thus secured will go far to turn the scale. Tbey are very mnch in earnest over the matter, thiee leading members of the party having ore da* last week devoted three honra to tbe study of the ratepayers roll In the Council Chamber*. After all It will not make much difference As it is, the single tax mrjority in the Contc'l do just as they like, and tbey could do no more if tbey secured all the nine seate. If the Albury ratepayers approve of this sort of thing, it Is only in consonance with democratic principles that they should get it. Lit n« hope that the single taxere will put in three of their best men, * * * Misfortunes, it has been said, never come felngly, and it Is a notable fact that certain special forms of mishap, such as fins and drowning cases, usually do occur In duplicate or triplicate. A similar experience is reported in regard to spiritual manifestations. Only the other day a first-class Sydney medium was exposed by a level-headed eceptlc who wae present at a seance, and io five minutes the reputation of the medium as n controller of spirits was blown to the four winds of heaven. Curiously enough, enme late papers from Europe ehow that a Parisian medium—also a lady—has been unkindly dealt with in almost precisely the same manner. Just es the Sydney « psychologist" used to cause the materialisatlon of "Geordie" and " Oiesie," so the Parisian lady produced a « Mr. Cashman " and " Miss Ousbman." In the Sydney case the male materialisation proved to be the medium dressed up with a black beard ; in tbe Park oase the medium had a false moustache | and In both_ instances the process of materialising was anlitea by various theatrical"properties" J» tin w»7 of nub wtf iwy tfotWng, The French medium, however, hit upon the bappiest form of delete. Ia a letter explaining away the appaient fiasco, she claims that tbe whole affair was due to the enmity of the Roman Catholic CLurch to psychological enquiry. Tbe landlady of tbe house was, it appears, au "exaggerated" Catholic, and to her malign irfiaence was due the introduction of tbe masks, false beards, &e.;, discovered in the possession of the medium. This is really too bad of the Catholic Church. LIPPON DAIRN. BBOOKONG FARMERS' UNION.—'Tbe ennual meeting of this body takes place on Satuiday, 26-h inst., at Boree Creek. HOWLOKG RACING CLUB.—A meeting of 'he members of this club will be held on Thursday next at the Howlong Hotel. PUBLIC SCHOOL BOARD—Mrs. J. Walker Jcnes atid Mrs. T. H. Griffith have been g»Z3tted members of the Public School Beard. THE BULGAKDRA GOLDFIELD—In another column will be found a description of the new goldfield at Bulgandra by cur special reporter, ALBURY RACIKG CLUB—The adjourned annual meeting of members of the Albury Racing Club will be held this evening at 8 o'clock. MUNICIPAL REVISION COURT—A court for the revision of tbe municipal list, will be held at the Council Clumbers on Friday, 25th January, at 3 p m. ALBURY HOSPITAL—The annual meeting of subscribers to the hospital will be held on Monday at noon. Tenders for the annual supplies for the institution will be received up to noon on Wednesday, 23 cd January. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY — A meeting of committee will be held next Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock, for the Appointment of auditors and the selection of a ub-committee to draw up the annual report. ANNUAL ELECTION OF EHEEP DIHEOTORB, &C.-;—Tne annual election of sheep directors and directors under the Pastures and Stock Act tekte place on Friday, 22jd February. All nominations must be in on or before 7th February. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION.—Mr. T. H. Griffith, in replying to the requisition asking him to contest one of the seats in the Borugh Council, expresses his regret at being unable for business and other reasons to accept the invitation. SAVEBNAKE RACES.—The annual races at S*vernake will bebeld on Friday,8.h February. The programme includes Beven events, full particulars of which will be found in our business columns. Nominations for the principal racescloBeon Saturday, 2adFebruary, at 8 p.m. To COHBKBPONDENTS —" J.W."—Tbe s*ate« ments in your letter are no doubt true, forcible, and very much to the point. No good, however, could result from publishing the letter ; on the contrary, it would have the effect of giving undeserved prominence to the eut jeot of 5 our comments. ' SHALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Wednesday the following oases were dealt with :—W, N. Edmondson v. F. Mioego, claim for £2 7\ 9J.; J. Flynn v. W. Wheeler, claim for J£1S ; Cameron and Alexander v. G. R. Parnaby, claim for £19 16 .41. Ia each case a verdict was given for plaintiff. STRAY CATTLE.—Several persons were summmed to tbe police court on Tuesday-frr allowing stock to stray ID the streets. J. LipBett waB fined 103,, with 5* 61. costs. W. J. Jones applied for en adjournment of the case till Tuesday, which was granted. John Sherry was fined 5d. and ocsts. A Ormlston was fined 2s 6 J. and costs. THE TUMBARUMBA GOLD ESCORT—Conse* quent upon the limited qnanlity of gold now being conveyed from Tumut and Tumbarumba to Adelong, the Governor has ep* proved ot the discontinuance nf gold esoorU between tho>>e pieces, and of the abolition of the rffice of gold receiver at Tumut and Tumbarumba respectively. THE LATE FIRE AT GERIIANTON —An in* quest was held on Siturdsy by Mr. T. A« Browne, district coroner, on the late fire at Germanton, in which a stable and Contents belorging to the Presbyterian Manse were destroyed. A verdict was returned to tho effect that the fire was occidental. The loed was covered by insurance In the Gnatdlan Fire Office. DEATH OP AN OLD RESIDENT —MR. Baronet Richardson, an old identity of this district tor many years past, died lest week. He hsd been suffering for some time from cancer, and his death was not therefore unexpected. The funerat took place on Saturday and was numerously attended. .Tbe deceased In formes daye carried on very successfully a carrying business, and was alweys highly respected as a man of strict integrity. PICTUHEB —There are now on view at tbe gallery of Mr. Skinner, near the effice of this journal, some very nice bit* of animal painting In oils, from t l e pencil of Mr. p. Cowley. The eu» j ! cts selected are several well-known performers on the turf, including The BMK / Patron, Glenloth, and the famous district stallion Snowdon. Tbe drawiog In each case Is spirited, the colour good, and the general eff ct admirable. Mr. Cowley is to be Congratulated on his success. WAB II A BOHSLAB 1-Several houses on tbe Hat are repotted to have been entered bv P«6W eti vht sight of 8ri% The houses visited worn those, of Messrs. L. bulson, J. Galvin, and S. Mantfield. Ia each instance the intruder was disturbed, And if feloniously disposed, bad to decamp without plunder. It has been suggested that the man was probably a lunatic rather than a burglar. In any caee, it is to be hoped that bis nocturnal prospecting operations will be brought to a summary close. NETTING IN THE MURRAY.—Acting upon complaints made by the Carowa Anglers' Protection Society the Victorian police have exercised vigilance, and severalsearches have been made, none of which were successful in proving the existence of nets. On Tuesday morning, however, five nets were discovered in Like Moodemere by the police, who were camped out all night lying in wait for the offenders. A man named Emanuel King was caught in the act, A barrow-load of fish was found in the nets. Proceedings will be taken against King. ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE—A meeting of this body was held on Monday last, Mr. T. Affl»ck in the chair. The annual report end balance-sheet were read and approved, and will be submitted at the annual meeting on Monday next. The receipt cf £5 from Mr. James Mitchell, of Tabletop, wee reported by the chairman. The House Committee reported, with regard to the iron repaired for the new ward, that the use of large iron would entail an extra coat of about £10, and it was decided to tacur this extra expense in view of the reEultirg advantages. A Suspicions CHARACTER.—A man nemed R'tson was observed a few days since by Constable Mackintosh, apparently endeavoring to pick the pockets of ladles looking on at the Salvation Army in Kiewa-street. The con- Btable watched the man for some time and then took him Into custody. He was brought before the local Bench on Tuesday, charged, on suspicion, with having been about to commit a felony. The piisoner caused some amusement by e. lone rumbling and irrelevant cross- examination of witnesses. He was, however, Ben tended to two months' imprisonment. MR. LYNE AND THE WOOLLOOMOOLOO HE BUMPTIONS.—An attempt was made recently to throw mud at the ex-Minister for Works in connection with the resumption bv him of Certain land at Woolloomooloo. Mr. Lyne demanded and obtained the, constituting of a select committee to itquire into the whole matter and table a full report in the Assembly. This report is not yet ready, but of its tenor the public is possessed already—it "completely exonerates Mr. Lyne" and exalts his care ot the public purse at the expense of the very persons who so sought to discredit him. AMATEUR ENTERTAINMENT—The date of the amateur entertainment in aid of the Albury Museum funds has been fixed for Thursday, 7th February. The programme will include a burlesque operetta, the work of R local writer. The piece, which is illustrative of the old adage, " The course of true love bever did run smooth," abounds with local bits and allusions of an amusing but good Datured character, Includes a number of comic situations. The music, arranged by Mr. Davis Sim», is bright and sparkling, and the piece as a whole will, we believe, prove Attractive. The name of the burlesque is "The Mayor's Dilemma." TRAVELLING ON THE RAILWAY WITHOUT A. TICKET.—A man named Richard Moore was charged at the Wodonga police court on Saturday, before Messrs. W. Hill and W. H. Moulder, J's.P., with travelling in a railway Carriage wihout a ticket. The defendant, who had taken a ticket from Melbourne to Ohiltern, had imbibed rather freelv on the journey, and was carried on to Wodonga. He pleaded guilty, and Mr. Rosson, the Wodonga stationmaster, said the Department did toot press for a heavy penalty. The defendant Vras fined bi., and ordered to pay the amount, of his railway fare between Wodonga and Ohiltern (2s. 8'.); in default, 24 hours' imprisonment. The fine was paid. THE SALUTATION HOIBL LICENSING CASH. e—On Tuesday last the adjourned case with regard to the transfer nf the license for the Salutation Hotel was again before the Bench. Mr. t'lynn, landlord of the premises, deposed that one month's rent, due on 12 h January, had not been paid by Schober, the* licensee. Mr. Wilkinson appeared in support of the application for a transfer; Mr. Thorold, on behalf of Schober, opposed it. The Bsnch decided to refuse the application. In the first place, the Bench considered that the licensee should be c{?cted before the application was made, and secondly there was an obj action to the proposed tranferee. Mr. Wilkinson gave notice nf his intention to anplv for a transfer to Mr. iF.ymy the landlord. Yesterday the llcanse was transferred to Mr. M. Flynn. CHABGE off LARCENY.—At the police court on Tuesday, a youth named Carter was charged with the larceny of a purse containing £3. Mr. J. Wilkinson, for the defendant, pleaded pullty, and urged in extenuation that the defendant had never been charged with an offence before. He had been drinking with prosccutor, and had got drunk, whilst in this State committing the offenCB. Mr. Wilkinson asked that the accused be dealt with under the clause providing for first offences being punished leniently, by the offender being admitted to ball during his good behavior. The Bench consented to take this oourse. The accused was sentenced to three months' Imprisonment, hut the Bench allowed a suspension of .the sentence, on entering into bis oim recognisance* to the extent ot £10 V) to pt gw4 toMVto toi is moatbi, ALBURY DRAMATIC CLUB.—The members of the Albury Dramatic C ub will give a performance of special local interest on Friday, 1st February, the chief item being a Dew comedy by « Rolf Boldrewood," entitled " The FreeSelector." The piece is understood to be an illustration of the vicissitudes attendant upon the life of a selector, and the cotfl ct between rquatters and " cockies " in the early days of free selection. With the local colouring which the author is so well able to give to a sketch of this description, and with the large experience he haB had iu such matters, the piece ought to be true to life as well es amusing, and the production of the comedy is looked forward to with much interest. The play hes been iti rehearsal for some months, and all the company are said to te well up in their respective parts. The farce of" Borrowed Plumes " will aho be given. CHARGE OF CATTLE STEALISG —The Corryong Courier report® that at the local police court, J. R. Whitehead and 3imon Whitehead were brought up on a charge of cattle Mealing Mr. Ot>ier for the prosecutor acd Mr. Brown for the accused. Mr. Brown applied for an adjournment, as Simon Whitehead was unfit to appear owing to his having met with an accident. Df. Crooks depos<d that he bad removed one of the eyes ot Simon Whitehead, and he was at present unfit to appear. To the Bench : I would not like to say when he will be fit to appear. To Mr. O^ier : He has been driven in to see me several times; the distance lo Bbout 12 miles ; would not like to say whether or not these excursions were harmful to my patient; the cxcitement of court mieht bring on brain disease; did not think it nr-cessary to consult another doctor. The accused were remanded till 2 id February, beiDg bound to appear on that date pnch in a "nm of £100 and two sureties cf £50 each The ball was forthcoming. A SENSATION AT WODONGA.—A sensation was caused on Monday night in the neighbor- hood of the Wodonga Woolscouring Works bv the extraordinary behavior of a man named James Divies, who has ecquired some local fame as a diver acd a enake charmer. Notwithstanding Davles' eccentricities, his presence has been tolerated for some time past at the work , where he had been permitted to sleep. He 0 turned up, as usual, on Monday night, when be was informed that he could not sleep there any more. Davies was annoyed at receiving the Information that he was no longer a euest, and proceeded forthwith to turn the tables on his erstwhile entertainers. He told them they would have to " clear out," and dieplaved a revolver, which he pointed at the beads qf several of the men. Whether the revolver was loaded is not known, but Divies established a "reign of terror" for several hours. Ultimately the police were communicated with, but upon the arrival of the peace officer it was found that D.'vics had se2?d a boat at the works and departed, and up to : the present has eluded arrest. A TOUR ABOUND THE WORLD.—At the Mechanics' Theatre, beginining to- night, Professor F. W. Muller, lec urer and exhibitor of Melbourne Cyclorama Company, will give five of his entertainments, by the aid of bis famous American Stereopticon, showing all the wonders and beauties to be seen on a j iurnpy round the world, exhibiting each night 150 views (dissolving and mechanical), including all the latest inventions, such as realistic enow storms, aurora borealis, active fountains, ships at sea, appearance of ghosts, &c.; This is not to be confounded with the ordinary magic lantern entertainment, but consists of photographs dircct from nature taken by Professor Muller, who has circumnavigated the globe BIX timep, bis entertainments being higblv commended not alone by the Melbourne Argua and Age and Victorian provincial papers, but by the leading j iUrnals of the Uoited Spates. Several of our correspondents have already highly eulogised Professor Muller's entertainments in our columns, and we would recommend our readers not to mS9 this opportunity of witnessing Professor Muller's : exhibition ot wonders' and beauties. See advertisement in another column. MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY ACT.—An Interesting point in connection with the above Act has j ust been decided by the Crown Solicitor. Some three weeks ago 8n application was made by John Russell, solicitor, on behalf of Mr. Carlo Marina, of Mjppity, for a prosDecting protection area license under section 40 of the Act and the regulations thereunder. The sec'-ion says that any person rnty apply for a license, but directs the warden to inspect and assess the surface damage. The mining warden, considering it an anomaly to assess damage committed by an owner as sgeinst himself, delegated the matter to his department. Mr. Russell then communicated with the Under-Secretary for Mines, setting tortb his opinion that the words "any person" properly include the owrers himself, any implied or constructive provisions to the contrary notwithstanding. After a lengthy consideration, the Under-Secretary referred the matter to the Cro»n-Solicitor, with the result that Mr. Russell's opinion has been confirmed, and the owner is now entitled to the same license to mine on his own lands as any ordinal y stranger, provided he complies with the requirements of the Act. A BRASS BAND FOB WODONGA— SEMI years back Wodonga boasted a brass band, which, its numerical strength considered, could compare with most similar country organisations, besides being a source of recreation and benefit to the town generally. The departure from the district of some of the bandsmen, together with tto iukmrm latere** tfcrvirii displayed by some of the remaining members, was the cause of the Wodonga Brass Band becoming a thing of the pas, although one or two feeble attempts were since made to keep life in the movement. The Idea has, however, again been mooted, and this time promises to be warmly supported. A meeting was convened on Tuesday evening last by Mr. J. Whan, jun., to ascertain the number of instruments available, and fit for use, and also how many persons would be willing to join. The meeting can be termed satisfactory, fourteen instruments biiag found (with little repairing) to be in good order, and a similar number of names was received from Intending members. There is no reason to doubt the ultimate success of the venture, providing a proper amount of support is accorded by the members and townspeople, and there is likewise no doubt that it will supply " a long-felt want." Another meeting to allot instruments and decide dates of practice will shortly be held. AN INTERPLEADER CASE—At the Small Ddhts Cuurt on Friday, before the Police Magistrate, an interpleader case was dealt with. A quantity of furniture the property of W. Wedlock, a publican at Burrumbuttock, had been sold by auction on 17th May, under distraint for rent, and purchased by Mr. C. Scbmledt. The goods remained in the possession of Wedlock, and were subsequently seized by the Albury Brewing Company under a judgment of the Small Debts Court. Mr. rfchmiedt then interpleaded. Mr. Chauncy appeared for claimant, Mr. Thorold for the j udgment creditor. CharleB Schmledt deposed that the furniture was his. Wedlock was uoi the owner. Mr. Thorold contended that tb* bill of sale should have been registered. It might be valid enough between Schmledt and Wedlock, but for the protection of the general public, when a sale like this took place, the goods still remaining in the possession of the vendor, registration was necessary. C. Ten Brink, auctioneer, deposed to having sold the furniture by auction to the claimant, who bfterwarda put Wedlock in charge of the goods. Mr. Chauncy addressed the Bencb, contending that Schxniedt'B ownership had been established. The sale being absolute, and publicly effected, no registered bill of sa'e was required. Mr. Thorold replied, urging 'hat the sale ought to have been reglitered. The Police Magistrate held that the transaction was not one requiring a registered bill i f sale, and gave a verdict in favor of the claimant, but directed that he Bhould pay the coBts of the levy, aB the goods were undoubtedly in the ostensible possession ot Wedlock. CHARGE OF ROBBEBY.—At the police court on Monday, H. Woods was charged with stealing a sum of .£9 10*. from the hotel of Mr. Winkelmann, Walla Walla. Constable Graham deposed that on the 12 h instant he was at Culcairn railway station when the mall train arrived. He searched the train and found the prisoner in one of the carriages. Upon being asked if he knew anything about a robbery at Walla Walla, prisoner said : I was at Walla ; I did go through the place ; I prized the till open with a chisel, and got about £8 103. oat of it, including e cheque for £4 10s. Witness asked prisoner what he did with the cheque, and he replied, " I tore it up and put it under the seat of the carriage when I saw you coming." Henry Winkelmann, publican at Walla Walla, deposed that prisoner had been in bis employ as groom for nine days. Witness left home on lOih January, and on returning next day he received certain Information; certain keys produced by last witness as having been found on prisoner were witness's property, Lydia WiDkelmann, wiie of la6t witness, deposed to having been in charge of the hotel during her husband's absence ; she shut up the bar dcor on Thursday night, lockhg it and 'sking the key to her bedroom ; there were three keys ; one was misBing ; there had been about £9 in the till when witness locked up he bar ; the £9 included a cheque of £4 10s. on the Commeic'.al Bank, Albury ; on Friday morning witness found the money gone, and 'poke of the robbery in preserce of prisoner ; he left the hr-use on Saturday of his own sccoTd. At this stage the case was adjourned till Tuesday, when Constable Ferguson dtposed that on Saturday be had been present at '.he arrest of accused at Culcairn ; witness found the cheque produced torn into 36 pieces in the carriage where prisoner was alone ; witness put the pieces together. The prleoner was committed for trial. . Paling and Co. Limwd, Sydney, Btati^thdj^their raresentative airer FrederickfcoseDgren) nry andJKrict about tfie 30th inst. tuningjjEc.^taould belddressed to ice, Ge9rge-Btrelfejj3ydney, particular that the air we breathe is not we remedy the evil by ventilation. food we eat is good, coo' BCCOS know of one tobacco that is m the finest leaf that the world produces, which is the " Mazeppa." We have tried Cameron's Mazeppa, and we like it; you try it and you will like it and smoke no other. The sales of Cameron's Mazeppa are increasing rapidly, and no wonder, considering the leaf need in the manufacture. The manufacturers select only the best, wift U)Q wwH Vfeftt tfacepM ia WUiTM 