???rr ? ? ^. . . ? ?; ? ? ??? .f ? ; ? — -r- ? ; ? ? ? THE OUEJEUGH CLUB. ? «, — — — By The Flaneur. : Yet another night of ' wet'' inside and outside, but the club members rolled up bravely, and the Poor Scholar, by way of introducing a dry subject, began ar follows : ' Heine tells the story of an' English man, a Frenchman, and a German, who were in competition for a prize, to paint the picture of a camel. ? The , Englishman went to the East and studied all the different breeds of camels he could find, mastered every peculiarity of the anitnal in ' detail, sketched the scenery faithfully, cut leaves from the trees and ' made his work' remarkably well indeed. The Frenchman merely trotted off to the Zoo, drew the first camel he saw, threw in the Pyramids, and a few vagabond Arabs, and palm trees, and — v'l'X ! the whole thing was done straight away. 'But; the German, retiring to his study) buried himself in thought in order to evolve the transcendental ideal of a camel from the deaths' of his moral consciousness — and was never seun again. 'That story is not without its point. Personally I prefer the Englishman's plan, but '? the Frechinan scooped the prize., We should be particular over trifles, for the world is made up of trifles after all, and — ' ' Not tod particular,' I interrupted, ' or one may get 'left,' as the following breakfast-table scene will show. ' Isn't it awful?' said Mrs. J.en kins. ?Isn't who, which, what awful?' demanded Jenkins.' 'Why don't you be more explicit in your talk?' ' Why don't, you wipe that egg spot off the tip of your nose?' returned Mr3. Jenkins, calmly. 4 1 was about to say that Houston's boy was run over and received infernal injuries.' '?Internal in juries, you mean.' 'No, I don't. I mean infernal. I know what I'm talking about.' 'A five minutes'; wrangle ensued, and then Jen kins banged- the time- payment ? dictionary on the table, ran his finger along the 'inE' column, and triumphantly exclaimed, '/i-here, I told you so ! Infernal, means relating to, the lower regions' ' Of course it . does,' shouted Mrs.. Jenkins, witli a still niore triumphant ring in her voice, ?* and isn't that exactly where I said Houston's boy was injured ??' ? Gimme me hat,' screamed Jenkins, ' an' I'll go into the boundless bush and take to the cb'ekatoos. You— women' would sour the soul of -a—wooden saint.' ' ^ 'J hold with the moral of that yarn anyway,' said jKillarney, .'It is not good to be over parti cular about mere trifles. At times it is even dangerous, as we find in the account of the High School girl who, when the College was on fire ; and the rjoof.almost rea'Iy, to fall in, said to theffreman, ';.Wait one moment, f I want; to find my volume o£ Spencer'sStudy of Ibsen's Ideal;' 'One moment,' shouted the fire- fighter V 'why, you haven't half that muchtirne-T-,',' Pardon me,' observed the cultured maid. 'That. much is: a. colloquialism for '?which there is no good authority whatever. The word that is never an adverb. You should say, ' much,' or thus much,' or 'as much as that' or—' ' Oh come off ! ' roared the fireman, as he slung the particular party over his shoulder ; ' come off, or there'll not be ?as much as that' of you left as would fill a prawn.1 ' 'I expected something better from you,''Kil- larney,' began the Poor Scholar, ''but I of course anticipated opposition from that profession the members of which the Pope deems it necessary to rate for their scorn oE truth and their ignorance of matters concerning religion.' 'Who explained; the awful mystery of Cardinal Cullen's, hat ?' I| asked in self-defence. ' Was it r.ot a poor p.ress man, who, when not one of all the clergy connected jwith.St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, could clear up the trouble, came forward and explained), as you will see in this week's Freeman, that the hat in question was merely one made for a Requiem Mass 17 years ago?'' ' I hope it was not a pressman who put it. there by way of working up a sensation,' returned the Poor Scholar. 'Such tricks /are not unknown to' your trade; but, to return to my grievance, let mej observe that it is one which is in a great measure caused by the 'cheap labour' of our self-styled '?enterprising press.' For example, in the .matter of making quotations from even the greatest and best-known authors, what a fearful hash our papers, our politicians, and mo3t of our public speakers often perpetrate. This is somewhat serious, for so , great is the intellectual depravity of human nature 'that when any person of importance happens to blunder into a misquotation the incorrect version is sure to drive the correct one out of the field en , tirely. 'I can forgive those who misplace the word ' 'fields' for 'woods 'in Milton's 'Lycidas' line— ? &r-; Tomorrow to fresh woods and pastures new ;' fori to speak candidly, I am honest enough to admit that I could never worry through Milton's greatest works. And I can forgive those who place the pre position 'of 'instead of 'for' in Ben Jonson's- — '.He v, as not of age, but for all time.' But we 'are all supposed to know our Sluikspeare thoroughly, and yet how often do Ave find our writers and orators refer to the ' thousand natural ilk that' flesh is heir to.' ' ' What's wrong about that ? I saw it in the Herald yesterday,' said the Drogneda Man. ' No idoubt you did,' replied the Poor Scholar, ' but you never saw it in your Shakspeare. There the line runs — 'The thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to.'' Then again we hear of that ' bourne ' whence no traveller returns. Shakspeare wrote of that ' undiscovered country, from whose bourne no traveller returns ; and, by the way, Job said thou sands of years previously — ' Before I go, and return no more, to a land that is dark and covered with the ; mist of death ;' and in one of the oldest Egyptian inscriptions extant the ghost oE a certain Heabani speaks of ' that road, the course of which never returns.' ' ?« There's nothing much in that, however,' said I, ' for there are so many parallel passages in the Bible and thtShakspearian plays that I sometimes think the author of the latter wrote the Bible, or the Bible compiler wrote the plays. Amongst hundreds of other instances we have Othello's « Rude am I in speech,' and Paul's : 'Though I be rude in speech.' Macbeth's 'Show his eyes and grieve thine heart,' and Samuel's ' To consume thine eyes and grieve thine heart.' Macbeth's 'Life's but a walking shadow,' and the line in Psalm 38: 'Man walketh in a vain shadow.' Macbeth's ' We'll die with harness on our backs,' and Machabee's ' Nicauor lay dead in his harness.' King Richard Ill.'s ' Woe to that land that's governed by a child,' and Ecclesiasticus ' Woe, to thee, oh land, who thy king is a child,' and so on to the end of the chapters.' ' Good,' exclaimed the Poor Scholar, 'I see you are conversant with a few other matters besides the New Woman and cookery after all. Harking back to my theme one more, however, yOuhave probably heard persons who should better cite from ' The Merchant of Venice' the line 'The man that hath no music in his soul.' Well, the text realiv is, 'hath no music in himself.' It -was Herbert who said, ' Comparisons are odious,' but the Shaicspearian remark smells sweeter for it runs, ' Comp isons are odorous.' ' Shakspeare has been credited with a deal more than he ever ; wrote or said. For example, ?Off with his head!' ? So much for Buckingham,' ?Richard's himself again!' 'My soul's in arms and eager for the fray,' were cheerful little ' improve ments ' which were thrown in by Colley Cibber, which reminds me that a very learned grammarian once suggested that Hamlet's famous solilquy (which is merely Plato in a new dress) should begin : 'Either to be, or not to be.' Another excellent ass wanted Bobbie Burns to alter 'Scots whahae' s° as to lengthen the last line thus — ' Edward ! Chain8 and slavery.' ' We are indebted to Lee's ' Alexander the * Great ? for probably the most frequently misquoted line in the English language, viz. — ' When Greeks joined Greeks, then was the tug of war.' Ninety-nine out of every hundred men will s iv, ' When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war,1 and if yo asked the hundrethman who Lee was he would pro bably reply, 'Ben Lee, the Stipendiary Magistrate,' or 'Lee, who. bred the Barb at Bylong,' 'A political thought is something like a pigeon as far as the question of possession goes, for the last man who gets it is generally credited with being the rightful owner. Campbell has the line, 'Like angels' visits, few and far between.' This is tauto logical, for if the visits are 'far between' they must necessarily be 'few.' In the 17th century one John Norris compared the 'joys most exquisite and strong ' (he had probably backed a correct double) which 'soon took their flight' to 'angels' visits, short and bright ,' which is a far more poetical and correct statement of ths cisa. Liter on Robert Blair helped himself to N orris's verse, altering 'bright, to ? far between,' and then Cowper came along and made the muddle complete. Shakspeare wrote 'To make a virtue of necessity,' but Chaucer got ahead of him in his ? Knight's Tale,' ' To maken virtue of necessitie-' And Q'lintilian distanced them both by ages when he wrote, ' Let's make of a death u cure, a virtue of necessity,' and in all pro bability Quintilian had the loan of a Greek author- v/ho by some means got the idea from the hoary old Indian ' Rig Veda,' and the Rig Veda editor heard the remark from a son of the man who held the proud position of ' oldest inhabitant' when Noah was running about as a boy in all the pomp and circumstance oE a neglected nose and a dirty ♦pinny.' Truly 'there is nothing new under the sun,' nor above it either, for all! know to the con trary.' : 'Never mind,' said the Scientist cheerfully, ' there was a red sunset to-night, and that is a sure sign of fine weather, because it shows the moisture in the atmosphere does not approach the rain point. If it did the red rays of light would not be so strongly transmitted to us. The amount o£ vapour floating in tho air reflects the beams of the sun, therefore — ' ' Oh give us a rest from your hay thin' gibberish !' exclaimed Murty. 'And5r'sbeen asleep this half-hour, and by gorra that lantern - jawed fellow there beyant has me talked as dhry as a limeburner's wig. I'll have no more of sick con vereation here, for between discoorsin' about the New Woman's pants and the Owld Man's poethry ye'll get the house such a bad name that I'll lose me license. Drink up, and let ye come here with more cheerful chat for the future or take your com pany to the little Methody church around the cor ner.' 