Address by the Eey. George Martin. I We are met here to-night in connec tion with the formation of a Local Preachers' Association. We are, like wise, met together for social intercourse, and to encourage each other in the great work in which we are enga-ged At this association we stand upon common ground, for whether we are ministers or local preachers, our distinctive work in connection with the Church is that of preaching, of publishing with open mouths and glad hearts the glorious truths of the Gospel to the people ot this land. Now-a-daye; we, who have been ordained and 6et apart expressly for this work, are generally spoken of as Wesleyan ministers, but you know the old title of the first pulpit helpers of Mr. Wesley was that of Methodist preachers ; and the men who won the great victories of faith in the eighteenth century, who roused dead Churches, and awoke England from end to end, were preachers. They were preachers first of all, men whose gifts and graces, whose life and character, were devoted, and, in some cases, devoted with heroic sublimity, to the one great work of preaching that glorious G-ospel, which to them personally was 'The power of God unto salvation.' For many years, through the later decades of the eighteenth, and the earlier decades of the nineteenth centuries, the Methodist pulpits of Great Britain were occupied by men who were emphatically preachers. One class of these men were called travelling preachers, because they had to pack up and go where they were sent and not where they choose. The other, were local preachers, or men who were localised by their pursuits in any given circuit. But some of the local preachers of early Methodism held a roving com mission, and were mighty men who preached the Gospel with apostolic simplicity and power. They were not only acceptable as preachers in any of the pulpits of Methodism, but their coming was hailed with joy, ana was re garded as a signal for a great 'onslaught on the DEVIL'S kingdom.' In those days the Churches themselves believed in preaching, and they looked with glad and eager expectation for the display of God's power to save under the preached word. And some of the men who spoke from the pulpits of t hose days seemed as though they were filled and flowing over with spiritual power. They did not coax, and wheedle, and smooth down the G-ospel for ears polite; they warned, they exhorted, they en treated, they threatened, they thun dered, and very often men and women fell down before them' as though they were smitten by bolts from heaven, And some of these grand men, God endowed, God called, and G-od filled as they un- | doubtedly were, were local preachers. When I was a Lincolnshire lad, the name and fame of Billy Dawson was current everywhere, but Billy Dawson was a Methodist local preacher, with a grand commission, and a wonderful ap titude for saving souls. You will please pardon the expression, I know it is un fashionable just now, for we are told with wearisome iteration, that you must save the bodies of men first, and their souls afterwards. But that is a modern invention, as much a modern invention as four-o'clock teas. The early Methodist preachers were men who had a passion, a passion that raged and burned into a flame of Divine enthu siasm for saving the souls of men ; and they sought to save the souls of their hearers, not through their bodies, but through their consciences, 'and in saving souls they saved men. What mighty preachers these were ! what voices they had ! what burning words they uttered ! and ^hey never hesitated to give their hearers a sniff of the brimstone before uplifting the cross to the weeping eyes of multitudes. I remember as a lad a local preacher of this kind, named Isaac Marsden, the only man who ever got me to a. penitent form, and though some times rough in his expressions, he did a great work for God and the Church. Indeed, we have abundant reason to thank God for the glorious traditions which gather around many Methodist local preachers. As a body of men they have been surpassed by no Church iu the world ; and they have done a work which angels might covet to perform. But whilst we thus look upon the past and thank God for its glorious tradi tions, we must remember that we have to do with current ideas, and present day conflicts; and that the last fifty )ears have witnessed greater changes than the world ever saw before in such a short space of time. Nevertheless, as TRAFALGAR IS STILL AN INSPIRATION among the blue jacketB of Great Bri tain, though Nelson's Bhips are obso lete, bo with us the traditions of the past are still a stimulus and an inspira tion to work. At the same time, we cannot forget that we live in a different world to that in which our fathers lived; and whilst the Gospel never changes, and human nature in its broad outlines is the same now as then, yet the current of men's thoughts and ideas has been wonderfully altered. Human life has marvellously broadened out, and we could not be content to live to-day the quiet and uneventful lives that were lived in English villages half a century ago. Eor one thing, we must remember that the schoolmaster is abroad, and that amongst us, education has been uni versally diffused. In Mr. Wesley's day, and much later than that, the benefits of education were confined to the few. The great masses of the people to whom Methodism especially appealed, were uneducated, many of them could scarcely write their own names, and with the exception of the Bible -and Wesley's hymns, books were almost unknown iu the homes of the toiling masses to to whom Methodism ministered. The morning newspaper, with columns of information, and cablegrams from the four quarters of the globe, did not then lie on a working man's breakfast table. Ob, how wonderfully things have changed ! and we in our pulpits and our sermons, have to meet the 'exigencies of these changed times. The progress of education, and the consequent enlighten ment of the masses, has had more to do with creating Bome of the burning ques tions of our own- day, than many people imagine. When men read, and think for themselves, you must appeal to their thought and intelligence, aa well as to their feelings. THE BIGHT OF PRIVATE JUDGMENT was one of the great battle cries of the Protestant Reformation, but we must remember that this means the right of criticism, and of sitting in judgment upon the quality of our sermons by our various congregations. And many of our hearers to-day know the quality of a sermon, just as well as a professional tea-taster knows the quality of Indian or Chinese teas. Hence, whilst we must depend upon the Spirit of Grod as much as our fathers did before us, we need a mental equipment suitable to the necessities of the age in 'which we live, and I think that the Church of to-day ought to afford better facilities than she does for the mental equipment of our great army of local preachers. And, now, I want to point you to two or three books which we ought, as preachers, diligently to study. I need not say that the first of these is, pre-eminently, the Bible. And there never was an age in which so many and so great facilities were offered to teachers and preachers for the study of God's word. We have commentaries of all kinds, and some are both good and cheap. The 'Cambridge Bible for Schools,' is one of these, of which we cannot speak too highly, for it is full of valuable and condensed in formation by some of the best scholars and divines of this century. Some of the volumes of the Expositor's Bible are of great excellence, whilst the '93 edition of the Oxford and Cambridge Bibles are crowded with solid and valuable infor mation, and the last edition of the Variorum Reference Bible, published by Eyre and Spottiswoode, is a perfect treasure-house of Biblical knowledge. Then, no book has given rise to such an enor mous literature as the Bible ; and whilst we cannot all be theologians, I am. certainly of opinion that the Church should provide some central library of Biblical and theological literature for the use of our local preachers resident in this city or its Buburbs. Somewhere in Newington College there is a large i-ollection of theological books that would do much better service in circula tion than lying mouldering on dusty shelves where nobody Bees them. Then, another book we should study is GOd'b GREAT BOOK OF NATURE. Nature is the visible manifestation of the invisible God, and we cannot afford to let her teachings be monopolised by infidels and sceptics. The Book of Psalms and the Parables of Christ, show ub the wonderful way in which the teachings of Nature n ay be UBed in con nection with the religious life ; and the Book ot Nature, like the Bible itself, is always a living book, and vital to the wants of our age. Let me now mention one more book which is absolutely ne cessary to the full equipment of the preacher. It is a great wide open book we call ' Human Nature.' In our pul pit work, a knowledge of men comes next to our knowledge of the Bible. The success of our great dramatists and novelists, is largely due to their know ledge of men. And if the first hand, study of human life makes great dramatists, novelists, poets, and states men, so it can make great preachers. The let me say, m conclusion, that with all our equipment we shall need power — the power that comes from on high. In these days we hear a great deal about dynamite. Now, the Greek word for power, is ' dunamis,' and dynamite is compressed power, that only wants a shock to release it, and make it power in action. And so there is spiritual as well as material dynamite ; and I greatly tear that the science of spiritual dynamics is greatly neglected in our Churches. Yet this science is every thing to us, and if, as preachers, after we had done all we can do in the way of human equipment, we went straight to God and got filjed with the Holy Ghost and with power, then a charge of such spiritual dynamite exploded in our pul pits would wake up the sleepiest con gregation in the world. Address by Mb. Wm. Eobson, J.P. Mr. Wm. Robson, J.P , himself a local preacher of many years standing, gave the following address : — '? It has been said that the Methodist Constitution, like the British, was not made, but grew. John Wesley had a statesmanlike mind, but he did not set himself to produce a cut and dried scheme of Church economy ; Methodism was not a human creation , but a Divine evolution. Guided by Divine Providence and dominated by the Divine Spirit, Wesley was the willing active instru ment by whom, piece by piece, principle by principle, and practice by practice, the wonderful economy of Methodism came into evidence and operation for the saving of souls. The institution of lay preaching was an example of this. Wesley's ecclesiastical prejudices were shocked when he heard that Thomas Maxfield, a layman, had been occupying the Foundry pulpit in his absence. He contemplated making short work of the innovation. Bub the sound piety and sterling common sense of Wesley's mother intervened to soften his clerical prejudice in the matter, and, sensible man that he was, he decided to h6ar Thomas Maxfield for himself. That settled the matter. Wesley saw the hand of God in it, and henceforth lay preaching became an essential part of Methodism. Church history teaches us that, as in the case of Methodism, whenever there has been a revival of genuine religion, the increase of lay preaching has been one of its evidences and fruits — the diminution ot it has been the result of spiritual decadence. The value of the work of local preachers in the extension of Methodism all over the world cannot be over-estimated. But for their self-denying labours Methodism could not have secured its present position and influence in Britain, America, Canada and Australia. New South Wales has had many honoured men in the ranks, and their names and labours deserve a permanent place in Church records. It has many such workers to-day. What would our Church do to- day without them ? It may be difficult now to keep some of our cir cuits going, but without the aid of our local preachers it would be impossible. In tbe abovenamed countries in connec tion with our own Church there are about 50,000 ministers and 100,000 local preachers. In New South Wales the proportion is about four local preachers to one minister. What a mighty army ! What possibilities of spiritual force and achievement ! And yet how little comparatively has been done to promote the greater efficiency of these Christian workmen. Very properly Bpecial attention is given to the training of candidates for the minis try, but it should- not be forgotten that local preachers have to occupy the same pulpits as they, and surely their due equipment deserves serious attention. What can be done to help them? 1\. The Local Preachers* meeting might be made more useful . Sometimes that meeting is allowed to lapse, sometimes it ia held under inconvenient circum stances, more commonly it has placed before it the mere dry bones of routine business. In some rare cases, and it might be in more, it is made a time for mental and spiritual stimulus and en couragement. 2. The proposed, Associ ation might be made very useful to local preachers. Entered into with zeal, we may find in it gracious opportunities of fraternal intercourse. But by the estab lishment of a reading circle, the brethren would have better opportunities of acquainting themselves with the currents of present day religious thought, And the consideration and discussion of sub jects directly bearing upon our- work as preachers could not fail to be help ful. 3. Is it an impracticable sugges tion that a Theological lectureship for local preachers, and especially for those on trial, might be established at New ington or elsewhere ? We have in this city a State Technical College where hundreds of students avail themselves of the instruction given in the prin ples of art and industry. Similarly instruction might be given to local preachers by Theological tutors. No instruction would be more fruitful, and - in the best interests of the Church it is imperatively necessary. But we must ever remember, brethren, that whatever our qualifications, and the more of them we have the better, if we preach we must preach because we are ' ambassa dors of Qhrist.' If we are not we have no right to preach ; if wo are, necessity is laid upon us to preach — our creden tials are perfect, our authority is Divine. But what shall we preach ? It is often said, ' We are an orthodox Church. The Methodist pulpit is so fenced in with legal safeguards, model deeds, rules and regulations, so that as preachers we cannot go astray.' I am not quite sure of that. The freedom of the pulpit is specially sacred and essen tial. But ' another Gospel ' may be speciously preached, even from evan gelical pulpits. Anti-Christ may be in the Christian pulpit. The idea that the Romish Church is the only Anti- Christ, is a false idea. As in St. John's day there are ' many Anii-Ohrists' in the world to-day. The schemes and cures for human woes sometimes offered from the Christian pulpits, as well as many others oflered outside of it, are to me, at any rate, so many Anti-Christs. What then shall we preach to save men's lives ? We have only one answer. 1 am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ. We must preach Chri9t. Not merely about Christ. We might do that all our ministry — beautifully, enchant ingly, and yet not preach Christ. We must bo preach Christ as to bring Him into our congregations, to bring Him before the eyes and into the ears and hearts and lives of the hearers, seeing with their eyes, and hearing with their ears, and understanding with their hearts, they should be converted and Christ should heal them. ' Christ in you, the hope of glory, whom wo preach.' Sow shall toe preach ? Fully, faithfully, tenderly, earnestly, hope fully, and on the assurance of Him whose ambassadors we are, glorious results will follow. 'And I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto Me.' This if the world's only prayer — ' Hail, Saviour, Prince of Peace, Thy kingdom shall increase, Till all the world Thy glory see : And righteousness abound, As the great deep profound, And fill the earth with purity.' Amen ! even so, come, Lord Jesus, come quickly. The Constitution of the Wesleyan Methodist Local Preachers' Association, 1\. This Association shall be called the Wesleyan Methodist Local Preachers' As sociation. 2\. The objects of the Association shall be (a) To promote the greater efficiency of Local Preachers and to develop fraternal intercourse between them. (6) To supply pulpits in circuits where required (c) And such other purposes, being in harmony with the laws of our Churoh, as may be determined from time to time. 3\. That all Ministers and Local Preachers of the Wesleyan Methodist Church shall be elligible for membership, and [shall be en rolled as members, on payment of a subscription of one shilling per quarter, payable in advance. [N.B. The phrase ' Local Preachers ' in clause 3 shall be understood as including Local PreaoherB ' On Trial.'] 4\. That the officers of the Association shall be tbe President of the Conference, ex officio, as President, a Vice-President, who shall be a Looal Preacher ; a Secretary or Secretaries, and a Treasurer. 5\. That the present Committee of Manage ment shall be the Committee as appointed by the Conference, with power to add to its number. That at the monthly meeting prior to the Conference the Association shall nominate its Committee for the ensuing year and submit Bame to the Conference for approval and acceptance ; said Committee to. consist of twelve ministerial and twelve lay members of the Association. 6\. That the Association shall meet once in each month. The following officers were elected for the present year : — Vice-President, Mr. W. Eobson, J.P. ; Secretaries, Eev. O. W. Graham, and Mr. J. 13. Youdale ; Treasurer Mr. R. W. Conway. Many of those present were enrolled as members at the close of the meeting,. 