THE TRUE GHOST STORY^ . . -vr n ? ?? ''-I';- ' ' - ? . ? ; . :!'!ri *cl (By g.il^NbER.)1; '_ ;V.: It waB not so mauy.years ago that I Bhippedi-aa Becond mate.aboard the clipper* Tamar.tr from 'Glasgow to 'Frisco with a general cargo. They Bigned ine on at the laatitQoment, the other man having -been takefi1 by the police for quad-gamy, 'as the Skipper Was pleased to term it. 'My pre decessor'1 appeared 'to be an admirer of mafrimbriy, but like moat enthusiasts his 0ear!'carried him , to excesses., A-proud and happy 'man I was when I stepped aboard tKeTamar at Dunoon, for she was a pioturje of a shfp. She was my lucky ehlp^toOrj for three, years after, when she wenkjhto.thejport of London,. I was her gaaei.ter, and from her I got into the: com {jany's -service. I was a gaunt, weedy-. ooking chap, haying had a rough time flsbore, and j in spite; of my fifteen -yeava at sea*' and master's certificate,' old Wllkins,1 the' skipper, growled when ^ he »awrme, *' If ever a man was wanted [it Is »boarfd!thl8 .ark, .and they've sent , me a Scotch' herringbone.' / , „.'.''?-. £.£. .T ll '*'Li*X. '1.1. —I.—.' ?_- *Jf±m*J*\~. ' 1*aa1! 2m -Lit y* T*n«* lieBa-ifa'Bt that*il aobn put my (weight, up, eir ' I replied ; at which he grunted and saddled Into his. cabin . , . r.; My skipper's' mariners we're not at tractive,' bu'V bis appearance was aven less so. !&e; sfSaaheavy, flabby, drink-sodden .. - ? Tnani'ana. evidently, had ,npt recovered from his drams ashore. vAt a glance It was easy to see, the Tamar was a bad ship. The; ore w were a. decent looking lot of lads with, a fair sprinkling of tough old shellbacks. among them ; 'but there was' no go in the crowd. They slunk about with glum faces, they obeyed an order smartly, .but always with a glance over their shoulders.. I went furrud and found them too obsequious, The merchant sea men are always Independent and manly, and in spite of their abject appearance, can laugh, i These men may, be illtreated, certainly riot (by '.; Wilk'ins, for. a ; fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This waa eoon, explained when Ranald, the first mate, came on hoard. Although he hailed from Halifax, N.S., lie was a Yankee, and had tyrant written on every inch of kirn. He was a. powerful, long-armed man, with a loud voice, cold grey eyes that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. HIb was the face of a handsome redkin. hairless, straight feature's! expressionless, yet ever alert, ? Strange as it may seem, he was a gentle man of refined manners, considerable culture,and far more luxurious habits than a seafaring man can usually indulge. Bnlly..l8bardly.tb.e term for Bucb. a man, but .bo masterful- was. his nature that he tyrannised oyer crew, captain, and officers, alike' He: welcomed me with courtesy, and soon .appreciated my seamanship ; but when it came to bullying we dis greed. '.. I believe in allowing men as mu ch liberty as may be consistent with discipline,' and like to near a fiddle going and the lads furrudonlanqulat night. . A songas they go t^jind ine capstan,. a chanty aa they, ?'.;?. . ?'???? '' '? w ,L:ocoi3'-.! .'-a.-.i.' ?--?-.? -?-'-?' ^ {* haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh 'as ?'''df ten as possible' -doesn't cosfc- rthe owners anything. It's better than having men' loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, aa they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him was an Iriah apprentice named Rielly. The cbJef hated him, and treated him with considerable brutality. We had words when I. encouraged the men to sing, which terminated by his refusing to discuss the discipline of his crew with a Scotch lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not a skipper, the look he g&ve; me was unpleasant. I As the skipper was generally getting drunk, or sleeping off hla drink, I had charge of a watch, so rarely came in con tact with Ranald when' oJffi duty. Now Ii'm fond of literature, and upon the rare occasions we met we had some very pleas ant chats, together, until one evening a little. discussion ended hotly by bis refus ing to accept a quotation on the authority of an I' Illiterate Scotchman.' Well,' I, told him tbat we Scotchmen were the best' educated people in the world ;. while as for Yankees I told vhlm. w.fiat I 'thought of them. And north. of the Tweed, geotle nien, we nev.er forget either injury, or insult. .?;;. , :?? :\ ' : .. ',; .:.-,' .. ?? u. ..? J At laBfc, one evening down in the South Atlantic, our smoldering ? feud blazed fourth. :- It waa my watch, -aud Ranald was seated In his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dressed in a silk sleeping suit witn a nanaKercmer round, mstnroat, and as.he, loungedfj : here with haSf-closed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh came 'from a group of men by the gallery. VStop skylarking 1' he shouted. \'. ^ ?- ,; jit waa a little thing, but there was, thunder* in the ;air... ; -, ; I'^Ma Ranald,' I said, very distinctly,* 'when I am in charge, of the deck I'll t trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by the captain.' Then strolling to the poop rail 'I shouted : 'Amuse yourselves, iriy lads, within reason llkefreebdrn. -Englishmen, and remember 'you're sailing under the British: flag, , not the .Yankee gridiron, wtich' means more stripes thari^stara for, eekmen.' .'(' ;. ''7' ' .' ''' . ' ° ,.;;- ' iThey say Scotamen joke with difticalty ; . well, that witticism coafc me dear. The men laughed Uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his chair. , in, an InBtant, ruBhed into the waist, and knocked the hulking lubbers about like ninepins: Then with a grim smile he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage, and, a3 he passed to bis obair, he hustled me. It was enough ; one well directed blow sent him down on! the deck: There wasa boarse rpar of: approval from the men in the waist, ' Silence, you cowardly blaokguards 1 ' I cried, .when. Ranald flew at me like .a panther and' clutched! my- throat, I ^hammered at him,' f iiriouBly, . but he BhooV me. aB* aiierrler ddeB a 'rat| and dragged me to the aide. I was like a ohildio.. bis Iron' grip, my senaea were fast leaving me, as I twisted my hands convulsively in his neckcloth. The clouda seemed to be falling, the Bky waa vei and filled- with shooting ifcara. As in a dream I saw :the horror-stricken faces of tho men at the ' wheel and Reilly; with a hand-spike above his head, creeping up behind us. Half lift ing me over the taffrail, he removed his right hand from iny throat, and slipped it into the breast pocket ,pi nis shirt.. I saw the ?knuckle-duster' gleaming on bis hand as ke withdrew it and stepped back to get room for his blow. At that .moment, through the hot, close air, an icyi breath of wind struck my back and shoulders. I shivered, but Ranald stood frozen. ;; The savage look of uncontrolled passion on his face had given place to one of terror. Waving his hands before him With a beseeching gesture she etaggered backwards, carrying me, hanging helpr leasly on to his neckcioth.., Reilly dropped the hand-apike and ; scrambled under: the after-gratings. '„ Staggering acroaa the deck, I seized it and ,f aaed my enemy. .He Btood erect and motionless with his aruvdravm back, aB if to Btrike a blow,. ;\\-The: terror was fading;from his face. ' Stand back,' he cried, gradually ra'lalng his voice, !' stand back)? Walteri or . . ; .' and he atruck out furiously into ?pace.'' ' ' '???' ? '' ? : '?' ' ;' ;Thea he laughed deliriously, and turning towards /me said, with a vacant look in- his eyes^' Did you notice the young hoodlum . ? I/euesa he thought to ipare me. ^Now I r&okon; he'just crawled up the side and stood on the tafirai pointing at..me. Ha, ha 1 In- the ^.same rig, too, 'just' the 'samer' A jersey and' slacko, only they were white. He was all rhite, and he stood on the taflcrail point ing at me/' ? His voice died away in a whisper as he turned on his heel and sank into his chair. Then every man glanced at his fellow and shuddered. Presently he struck a match, tit a cigar, and glanced at us uneasily. ''Say, Frazer,' he said with a pleasant laugh , 'you'll oblige me by being more careful. When I .lose my temper I lose ay head, and accidents happen.' | 'Very poBBlbly,' I replied. ' Would you mind taking charge of her for a few minuteB?' ' . ! ?' With pleasure.' | Hastening below, I took my revolver and half-a-dozen cartridges from my lpcker. Standing at^hls Bidebyithe poop rail I loaded the chambers carefully, then, slipping it into my pocket, 'looked steadily at him. He returned my look with a smile. ! - -? ' '? : i The incident was never referred to, but from that evening, like the majority of men aboard, the first mate frequently glanced over his shoulder. . ' u Whenever the skipper came on deck he'waa half sober, and .found fault with everybody and' everything. . t It was near the end of the second dog watch one gloomy evening that he came on to the poop and commenced. Ranald was in charge, and had been shortening Bail, so we drew, near to hear the fun. Lot of lubbers ? —good enough for a Yankee. Call-that bundle of dirty rag 'a reef ?— this ain't a ^laundry .' So he -had grumbled on until Ranald brled furiously.' ^'Sfebw me what's wrong, you drunken awab, and I'll show you tbat an American can right It.' ' ? ' . ' -/: .. ! ?'Drunken' swab, eh?' growled Wil klns, as he steadied himself by, .the rail, and cast, his eye aloft. 'W/aal, Mr; Yan kee, the weather earring of the;mlzzen topaall is alack, and 1 don't call, that tog gling/ You can bully my. crew,, but. you can't do things yourself,- j : 'Then (see if you can' t ail your own ship V roared Ranald, and in;-another~ moment he waa racing up the' ratlines. , I sauntered aft- with young Eris'con, to grumble at our drunken skipper and maniac chief. Presently Wilkina growled 'Umph !' he tbok a hand to do the work.' ' Aloft there, it dbean't want two to tighten a lashing, ' he shouted. '?. He was in a . condition to see twenty men instead of one, so 1 glanced care-; arid we stood thrilled by the terror of the unknown. Ranald had descended to the mizzen top and from behind ''the,, mast head .the ghost waa gliding..' It was white from head to foot, and waa dressed in a jeraey -and Blacks. It stood 'perfectly motionless, pointing at him' with- his right arm. Startled by the Bkipper'a voice, the unfortunate man paused. Then seeing the spectre, staggered - back with' an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deok, and the mizz9u top was empty.' 'The deuced fool,' said the skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added,; with an insane giggle, ','Anyhpwi I owe him sixty pounds.' \ ;,.'. ?.????.,;'??:/ ' I rushed to the place where the man had fallen. Ericson, a Horseman, respected' the wraith. There was' the buzz of eager voices iurrud, aud what, was suspiciously like a suppreaaed cheer. The poor fellow groaned aa I turned him over. It waB in deed- a terrible fate for such a splendid man; His back was broken and his lower limba paralysed. It 'was five' minutea before I could get any man to come near us. At last the cook brought brandy, and ?a circle of unsympathetic faces ..gathered ground. . ,. . ,, ; He groaned weakly and opened his eyes- as I poured it down his throat.- ,-j: ? ' Don't move me,' he whispered. I'll die here all alone. -Send those men for ward. ? .?,-;!. '?. ?? ???M-:Vfv :, ' ?.,'.; :???: ? '1V , \ I hustled the crowd away. ''Frazer, Frazer,' he cried faintly, 'you stand by me. It wont be for long. He tracked me down afclast. It is 'always bo.; I treated him as I was going to treat, you that night, and he climbed up the' Bide and on the taflfrail pointing aif-ihe! It wap yeara ago, and; God know'a, I've^paid for, it. Social position, country, family— P lost them all. Oome nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother— he mentioned a name too well kno.wn to.be repeated— you can have my kit and cash. Make Wilkins pay that sixty. Now leave; mei for I am dyingi I'm not afraid of iJ-. .:. I.,' '; ??'. ,-:i..u .i;^ 5. : '-A ?XiOJil^ i hlmror ^a^7~jpaan^dead:;pr;aUve^.^nej[Qr; was.' ! Alone on the gloomy deck, with the great vault of heaven 'overhead, where the rising wind blew the clonda across the moon, and, striking the sails) fanned him with its cold breath, the murderer, died in silence and without a fear. ,'' ' , The chief officer lit a fresh cheroot, and nobody spoke until Fibler was detected glancing over his shoulder. V 'Now, Frazer, own up. JDo you, a Scotsman, who are the beat educated In the world, believe In that ghost?' '' ' ? .'Implicitly, and I'll tell you why. When he went for me that night ;I say it was the association of ideas brought his ' crime suddenly back to his mind, whloh, being disturbed by pasaion, distorted his ; thought into a wraith.' 1 'MoBt lucid, but as to the seoond ap- ; pearance ?' -.; , -'Well, I had special opportunities for udgihg,' aaid Frazar with, a twinkle In his eyes. ' Being the first man furrud I eaw the ghost slide down the trilzen stay - and scuttle Into the fo'-cstle. He also re marked ' Begarra;, bhoya, It's dead he ^b^* which is tolerably good Irish, wHlle Ranald's victim was an American. Afli a : matter of fact, while I was1* shouting ; for help, they were brushing flour off young ; , .Shamua Reilly, arid pouring brandy, down the imp's throat.' . _S'.'.. , v'^f. !-,. I 'And, .sir, what did you do to bring that lad to justice ?'., demanded {the » ?Chief Justice. .-'?''?... ... , ' i ' Well, sir, if a man takes the law Into his owa hands, he can't complain if he - falls by lawless means. AnyhbwJRanald wjould not. . He had treated that lad ;? brutally, for the Board of Trade and Shipping Acts don't go very far to sea ; s6 as justice occasionally Blumbera I shut my eyes. The only man who was much :affected was WilkinHi The poor besotted ! creature got an idea into his head 'ihat' he. ! , had caused the disaster, and he gave .us: an anxious three weeks before he had finished his last drinking boat. After that we were not unduly troubled either, by ghosts or spirits aboard the Tamar.' '''?''-? TTp io date 252\A6ika, comprising 64,861 ,aQre?, have been proclaimed by theN.S.Ar. Lands Department; for homestead selecfcion, : and 23 blocks, embracing 121,669 acres, for settlement, lease.-. These make .provision s for 285 families' ' '.'''I ?/:.'' /' ^^fv M'.''''. :' 