The opening chapter of a new serial •story " Margaret's mission," isgiven in 4th page. The Morwell shire has received £186 its share of the grant cf £50,000 loaned by the Government to manicipa litiea. Thnrsday nrxt has been proclaimed a bank and public holiday throughout the Traralgon Shire on account of the annnal show. Those interested are remembered of Messrs M'Lean, Coatea, and Jones special pale at Trsralgm next Friday ia connection with the show. Parcels for the following are at th* Traralgon railway static n :—Coates Welch, Roberta and Co., Coates, Calder J>r/«dai<v JPxJcher, Farmer, Ma^Çêîd. local receipt und pay offices Shire J. Aitken. Fryer and era, J. D. Morris (3> C. H. Wil iiams, J. Thompson, Rosedale Mechanics Institute. The Great Morwell Co. report an oatput for the month of 15 tracks, 105 tons. The reinstatement of briquette p!ait and buildings will be complete this week when the dust- collecting chamber is finished. The heat yesterday was distressingly excessive for this time of the year, and showed na signs of the desired change, bat happily it may develop a thunderstorm. The thermometer registered 93 in the shade at Traralgon. Saturday's programme at the Rifle Ranges contained several important events, with which ihe m-eting was brought to a close. In the Lloya Lindaay match for mounted sections, a horse artillery team nnder Sergeant Shields took first prize, and the Rosedale Mounted Rifles second. The public is reminded of the annual show at Traralgon on Thursday next, and given fine weather an exhibition will be available worthy of visit, the entries giving the splendid total ot 1424, (see list elsewqere). Excursion fares wi be available for all stations ; application was made for & special train from Stratford, bat the Department wanted a guarantee of £20.. which the society di I not feel justified in giving. The returns for the Traralgon factory for thb month ending last week are- Milk purchased 28,418 gabons, yielding 11272-53 lbs of batter per Babcock test and 11,311 ppr the churn. At Traral gon South the supply was 20045 gallons and the yield 7939 G6 lbs per test and 7897 lbs per churn, or only a difference of 3 lbs in the total, which is remarkably near. Th« payment is 6J>J on the butter resalts. The months' pay tmnanted to close on £600, the largest cheqne was £53, and several approximated £40. The Sale of Gifts in connection with Mihe TtaÀlgon Weslëyan ciroj^i came to « saccessfa]'close'on Frïdà/iiight, and the net results will be nearly £40, after the payment of all expense. A presen tation was to have taken place to the Rev. E. Nye, late minister of the circuit, but the event did not come off owing to sudden illness, which prevented Mr Nye's attendance. The bazaar hod a sensational termination from the upsetting of a lamp which caused great excitement The fire bell was rung and the local brigade turned ont very promptly, but by rigorous «Sorts the flames were got under without much damage, thongh at one time the p'ospect was sufficiently alarming. At the Sale Show on Thursday, the following local exhibitors were successfnl —Draught yearling colt, J. and G Widdis 2. thoroughbred 2-year-old colt J. «nd C. Widdis 2, ditto yearling, J and C. Widdis 1, 2-year-old cavalry gelding J. and C. Widdis 1, Indian remount. H. M'Kinneil 2, buggy ponies 14 hands and 13 hands, C. R. Wilkes 1, buggy pony, C. It. Wilkes 1, Shorthorn bull, any age, and yearlipg, J. and 0\. Widdis 1. Shorthorn cow, J. and C Widdis 1, Ayrshire cow, J. and C Widdis 2. Mr J. Mitchell was one of the judges in draught stock, Mr T. H. Row for thoroughbreds and hackneys and C. Whittakers for cattle. ~ The gate money only amount-vi to" £40, .so the attendance must have been small. We may add that Mr Wilkes received high praise far his exhibits, the ponies beating big fields and winning warm encomiams for their general excellence, The Traralgon Minstrel Club will afford the public another rare treat on show night, when they will perform in aid of the Mechanics'. The programme will be ihe strongest yet giren. and that is saying mountains. The side-splitting farce of " Wagner cut-wagged" is to be repeated by special request and there will be a capital Tip-to-date screamer, entitled " The Ghost, or spring-heeled Jack, which bas direct local interest. Mr Andy Christie will likewise reappear in his great .impersonation of " Raspberry Tart," and on this occasion may beexpec ted to surprise the natives. The circle ha3 been strengthened by & new caUe, aud tl !e merit3 of the performance a together will be such tha the h* shonld ba packed from stage to djor, especially as popnlar prices hare been fixe J. Relative to 'he accident on the Walhalla road lait Thursday, the Argus says : —Messrs Monash and Anderson, of 49 Elizabelh-etreet, inform as that our report of a sensational road accident pnb liebed on Nove.nber 21 was greatly exaggerated. The accident occurred on ihe toad from Toongabbie to Walhallà. and it was Btated by our local correspondent that a waggon and ten hordes ha 1 fallen over an embankment 40ft deep, that all the horses were killed, and the waggon broken -to fragments ; ajd that the driyer was seriously injured. Messrs Monash and Anderson are thé firm /or whom the artiag was being done, and they assert that after inquiries they find that only very «light damage waa done, no horse* -were killed, the driver waa not adly hart, and the only dan.age to the <iachmery with_which the waggon was oaded was tb«t a telephone was brokep. " TB* -man who in Aia world <woold nu Mast eitht r but ar idflPEtiM." 