THE TWIN SISTERS. CHAPTER XVI. LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. Like tho golden lapses of an enchanted, dresra, the October splendours passed away, and vanished, and November came, grey and I melancholy, with her bro wbourid in blue mists, and the hoar-frost** glistering 1 underneath her feet, and Victor Gal ! braith still lingered on the hills that overhung the canal. I ' It's a shame to lews while the I snort holds out so well," he assured hnnself; 'and really, I. hav'n't an idea where the time has gone to.* Neither bad Gertrude Carey. The days went by, and she kept- no record of their vanishing footprints. She was like ouo who hid passed into a J world where the hours chimed lilte j puLses of gold over her heart, and ! the common suiisiimo of everydor life bears a new .significance. For Gertrude was in love, Her shy, trembling, maiden heart had set up an idol, and worshipped it in.silence and shrinking rapture, and the form that stood on the shrined pedestal was Victor Galbraith. ' 1 believe the little creature is "Cltin o, fond of mi-,* Galbraith said to himself one evening, when he went up to his 1-00:11 after Gertrude had bidden him good night, with alight in her veiled eyes which somehow telegraphed its unintended message to the' man's inner nature, liko an inspiration. 'I do believe she is.' Victor sat down and looked into the fire which blazed upon his hearth, with a strange coamiingluig of pain and pleasure, complacency and remorse. 'I nc-ver meant it should como to this 'he thought. ' I wax only amus iii" nivself, ami I thought she under-. stood It quite as well as 1 did. 1 have not been to blame." And he honestly believed what he was saying* ' It makes a man feel like a villain, he pondered on, ivith a hot Hush creeping into the viens of his neck, brow, and temple ; * and yet she ought to have known that 1 never could select a wife from a place like this — I, who have been nurtured in the reli-u-.-nent that accompanies wealth and rank. It is out ot the question, and she should know it, tin- p-.ior little ro-t-iiu!. I've hei-ii a thoughtless wr -ich ii stay on lure a-- I have done—- a:s.; vet who coaH have dreamed ot" this to our pleawuit iiitlo autumn iiSvi'r .Siur bad belter never have seen nic-but. oi oi-irsc,' he added, with the iiriilusoi.-iiy ?£ a truo man, 'slics'H nil about it when I'm ones out of her s ; ght. Women's lives an; i:ui'lu u;i out ot iu*t such episodes or the *.E romance are false interpreters. FIE k o l?o">e to-morrow, and Forget Sirotlasid. ami its beautiful dove-evcsl uvinph I' So VicLor (JaibraiOi put aside l:is troubles, anil went calmly to sleep. But. tierlruiie Carey ?:is not allowed so reailv an oblivion "wherein to sink h?sr pre'plexitie! , :is< ,! troubles. 'Gi-rtrmle!" saiilher sramUat'ier,tht; next morning, wheu Mr (ialbraith liaJ siiir.itered ilmvn towards t!ie woods. .v.ter their eariy LreaUfast, and ISer- I tru-ie ?:ss the homespun tabie ] eioth out or the door in the mMst oi" a waiting tribe ot chickens, to whom the crumbs of every meal afforded a preFietital emblem of Elijah and the ravens. ' Wallace Macdonald is coining here this afternoon ** ' Is lie ?* Gertrude gave the cloth an extra. sh-ike, as if she wished she could shake the subject of Wallace Macdonald oft with its folds. 'Do you know what for?' asked the farmer, gravely watching the beautiful vexed face. 'If you choose to tell mc, grand father !' * He's coiniu* here to .get your answer,* said Uobert Carey ; " to know whether or not he's to be played with any longer. He's coming to kuow if vo-i'll marry him at Christmas!' 'Then,* said Gertrude, biting her lip, ' he might have saved himself the trouble ; I shall not marry him aud he knows it !* Itobert Carey's brow grew dark, and the knotted veins started out on his brow in strong relief. * And I say you shall marry him *' 3lrs Carey's sallow skin grew a shads paler, and she involuntarily paused in her occupation of mending a thin place iv one of the table-napkins. Twenty-three years ago she had sat by, terrified and trembling, while just such a strife waged between her husband and her daughter — and how had it ended ? Only the grass-grown g?ive on the slope of the mountain churchyard could bear witness. And how she was called to endure it all a second tiiae. ! ' Father" she pleaded, pulling weakly at" Robert's shaggy sleeve, ' father, doJi't be harsh with the child. She ain't took time to think. She'll marry him, when * ' No" Gertrude turned to her grandmother with a softer, yet not less resolute voice. ' I will not marry him. Nothing on earth shall induce mc to become that man's wife !' * Why not?' asked Robert, with repressed auger iv his voice. ' Because I do uot love him '* ' l'sbaw I' roared Robert, losing con trol of himself at this deliberately spoken answer of the girl's. 'Love, love, indeed. This is what comes of 3"our confounded novel reading! There isn't auy such foolery as lovo I' ' You might as well tell me,' flashed out Gertrude, with rising colour and kindling eye, ' that there is no sun in yonder sky—no heaven above us all. Would you havo mc marry a man I detest—become, a slave to the caprice 3 of one ! can neither love nor respect ?' ' Wallace 3lacdonald is every bit as good as you are !* ejaculated Mr Carey angrily. ; 'Very woll —let some one else ; appreciate his goodness. To mo be is ! -"iraplv repulsive !' ! 'Why?' i . Gertrude shuddered. ' 1 can't tell you why—-I only know I that it is so !' ' This is folly and nonsense V said Eo'oert, authoritatively. ' Now, look here, young woman, I've boarded nud lodged you, and given you a home about as long as I'm going to, if this is the kind o' coin you pay mc in. Either you marry Wallace Macdouald when he wants you to, and ba thank ful for the houour ho does the liko o* you—a gal as nobody can p'iut to tho father of—or you clear out bag and baggage. I'll have no more to say to you I' Gertrudo had shrunk as if some hidden asp had stung her, at the coarse taunt concerning her parentage—but she did not reply, standing in the door way, like a statue, with the eastern sunlight flooding her slender form. 'Do you hear mc ?' thundered the angry ohl man. ' I hear you !' 4 A girl that's so independent about who she'll marry aud who she won't marry ought to bo able to earn her own livin', and not eat the bread of dependence with bucji a good appetite,* sneered Robert. ' It's your mother's rebellious temper over again; but I'll break your witt, or I'll know the reason why. Kox, go about your business, and don't stand starin* there as if the whole world must come to a standstill becouso you can't have your own way !' ' I-'ather,, faltered Mrs Carey, as Gertrude threw a, shawl round her shoulders, and went out towards the orchard, ' I'm afeard you're too sharp with her I' ' It's time somebody was sharp,' said tho stern old man, bending his brows until they formed a grizzled line across tho upper p-.irt of his f;-.e<->. ' If she don't know what's good for her, she must be told !' Mrs Carey knew her helpmate too well to venture any further remon strances ; sho only sighed and was silent, inwardly hoping that Gertrude would consent to be converted to the common-sense view of the question. ' I 'most wish,* she thought to her self, with a vague uncertain glimmer ing of the real state of matters, ? that that Mr Galbraith hadn't come along here just now, of all ti-nos in the world. He don't mean any harm, of course, but ho is so different from Wallace Macdou L \ld aud the young men round here. Though, to be sure, Gertrude knows she couldn't expect to marry such a fellow as that, with city airs and high-ilowii notions.' And Mrs Carey shed a few quito tears as sho thought of poor Agnes aud twenty-three years ago. 'There don't seem to be no cud o' trouble iv this worid," sighed the farmer's wife. Gertrude had kept straight on her way through the frosty autumn sun shine, past the well-kerb, through the orchard of gnarled apple-trees, all bending ono way, as if they had been blown slanting by some savage north easter years ago, and never recovered the lino of the perpendicular again. Beyond this orchard lay .-. slope of rnedow grass, called the grass pasture, which led down to the fringe of woods, through which a clear, shallow stream gurgled over stones aud moss, making a musical drip and tinkle on its way. Gertrude Ashby did uot know where she was going; she had no settled purpose in her mind as she went, save the one idea of escaping from the grandfather's stern voice and un palatable threats. She walked hurriedly on, breathing short and fast, until the shining barrier of tho brook let threw its silver ribbon across her path, and she paused on the very edge of tho water. A mossy boulder,, half hidden by the brown leaves which had nestled down arouud it, offered an inviting seat, and Gertrude sank down I upon its velvet lichened surface, bury ing her face in her bands, with a passionate burst of tears. Stunned, bewildered, and scarcely as yet able to reason with herself, she felt like the sailor whose rudderless barque drifts at tbe will of the tempest on an unknown sea. She dared not ask herself whither she should turn, or what she should do—for that her grandfather would most aasuredly carry his threat into execution, if its conditions were not fulfilled, sho did not for a tnomeut doubt— and she felt at that instant that she would sooner throw herself from the steepest cliff along the shore into the waters of the canal than become tho wife of Wallace Macdonald. As she sat there, bowed down and motionless, save for tiie convulsive sobs which now aud then shook her slight frame, thero was a sudden rustling among the dense bushes behind her aud something cold aud moist and abruytly thrust into her half-closed palm. It was Fido, 3lr Galbraith'sbeautitui setter dog, who had invaded the sacred ness of her solitary- grief, and now stood there, wagging his tail with big, humanlike eyes looking up into her own. ' ITido—poor I'ido,' she murmured as sbe let her burning forehead fall agaiust the creature's silky soft neck, unconsciously grateful for even the mute unquestioning S3'inpatby of a dog. And then suddenly recollecting that the brute's master could not be far off, slic started to her feet, with the wild impulse of liight from aught like human presence. But she was too late. A3 she turned to retrace her footsteps, she found herself standing face to face with Victor Galbraith himself, whose pitcuresque shooting costume and face flushed with the bracing air of the woods made him handsomer than ever. 'Ha!' he cried, gayly, ' no I have surprised you, my little'nymph of the brookside! And * but as he ss* her face his whole tone and main changed. ' Gertrude, what is the matter ? You havo been crying.* She averted her countenance and tried to slip past him, but ho threw down bis gun and caught both her ?bawls. 'No, you will not Escape from ine thus. Gertrude, my littlo grieved, trembling bird, will you not confide iv mc? What has happened to trouble you ?' " ' Nothing—nothing, Mr Galbraith. that you can help mc in," answered Gertru-.e, lifting her drenched blue eves in sheer desperation, as sho struggled vainly to throw off his firm though gentle grasp. ' Please —please let mc go.* ' Not until yon havo told mc every word of what gi-iovcs you,' Victor answered, seating her once again on the mossy boulder by the side of the stream, aiid standing over her like a sentinel. 'Now then, hero lam, your father confessor for the time being. Gertrude,' changing his voice to the softest sympatheic accents, 'you will not refuse mo your conlidoiice. Why are you so distressed ?' ' because,' Gertrude answered, making no motion to re- knot the masses of golden hair which had fillen like webs of glittering sunshine over her shoulders, * because I am a home less beggar, Mr Galbraith. 1 think I have sufficiently satisfied you curiosity now.* ' Homeless,' he echoed, ' aud a begmar. Gertrude, I don't comprehend you. How mu'Ucdyoui voice sounds, and how strangely your eyes shine.' And for a moment a raking doubt crossed k Victor Galbraith's mind as to whether tho beautiful creature before him was perfectly sane iv her mind. ' I forgot,' Gertrude added, in tho same bitter, mocking tones, "to add that there is one alternative loft to mc ere my grandfather turns mc out of doors.' ' And that, Gertrude, is * 'To become the wife of Wallace Maedoiiaid at Christmas.* Victor uttered a half-stifled ejacu lation concerning Wallace Macdonald, which might havo beeu interpreted ns net particularly favourable to that gentleman's future. ' You ! To marry that clumsy, soul less brute.' ' i-hen -so,' she answered, wearily, liei head drooping in her band, and her eyes fixed intentiy on a dead leaf whirling . round and round ill the I'a.ilastie eddies of the little strea n. Ye*, it was no unfit enihlem of her own life, .swayed by ihe tide of evil fate* What'would become of it? Aud a shudder thrilled her through and through a.s it was shot away down the swift current of the brook aud vanished. ' Isut, Gertrude,* cried Victor, over whelmed as it were with the idea, 'it must uot be ! Yon do not love him !* ' No, 1 do not love him.' ' And, by all the fates," persisted G:i!briiith, growing more and more earnest, as his eyes drank in tbe ex quisite loveliness of tho face and ligure before him, 'it shall ndt be. Who is he to wear such a royal rose upon his breast —to call himself your lord and husband? Gertrude, it is nothing less than sacrilege! He does not love you — he does not even know the meaning oi the word lovo '.' The slow tears sparkled into Ger trude's eyes, the full scarlet under lip, that was like :-. cleft, full-ripe cherry, quivered. ' 1 would rather die than marry hint!' she shuddered, as if speaking more to herself than to the maa at her side. ' Theu, by tho ghost of all my fore fathers, you shall not I' exclaimed Galbraith, carried away by the en thusiasm of the moment, anJ forgetful of all save the chivalrous impulse to come to the rescue of this beleaguered damsel of modern times. ' The woman I love shall never bo insulted by the touch of yonder country lout's horny hand. Gertrude, ray dewy eyed darling, will you give yourself to mer' ' Mr Galbraith !' ' Nay, darling, the appellation sounds too formal. lam Mr Galbraith no longer—you must learn to call mc Victor. Yes, Gertrude, you have somehow stolen my heart away, and now you must give mc back yours ia exchange. Look up, dear ono —nay, don't tremble so ; give mo one glance from those blue eyes, that are like the sunny heaven, and tell mc that I have read your face aright. Xou aro not angry with ine for my presumption ?' He resoluted turned her flushed, tearwet face towards his, kissing open the down-drooping eyelids with tender imperiousness. 'Oh, Victor,' she muttered, the sapphire eyes swimming with mystic liquid lights, ' I am so happy !* lis drew her close to him, and stroked back the golden unbound hair with a sweet, overmastering sense of possession. ' You love ine, Gertrude ?' ' I love you, Victor!' ' And you don't feel quite liko a beggar, you bewitching little trage dienne !' ' Oh, \ ictor, no queen was ever so rich as I am I' And they stood there in the balmy gloiv of the sunshine, with the brook murmuring by, and i'ido savagely noising among "the dead leaves at their | feet, silent and half-startled, like two | children ou the threshold of a new and unknown world. (To be. continued.) 