SEWING RAG CARPETS. It was a small nnpainted house, stained an indescribable hue by the suns aad rays of bail a century, a row of stiff, Lombardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a narrow bed outlined by strips of board, blossomed four-o'clocks, youthand-old-age, and gaudy African marigolds, whioh seemed to hold up their orange torches with a distinctly defiant air. Green paper shades veiled the wiadow, and a knocker, with an paplu's head,, hung in the upper centre of tbe door. ^ iSvery one has seen each bouses along the country roads where the Queen Anne craze had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fossett and her niece, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room rawing rags for a carpet. A bright wood fire crackled and snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the sun shone bright on the marigolds and four-o'clooks, there was a k»en wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all directions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rags which made a parti-colored mountain in one corner of the room, and the wooden clock ticked shrilly on tho shelf alongside of a case of dried butterflies and a plaster ol paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss Fossett was elderly and spare, with a falee front which did not in the least maton ber black hair, and speatacles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark, solemn eyes, and lips redder than wild raspberries. To Miss Posset everything in the world was subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Aun there was nothing in all the world which was actually impossible. There is just this difference between sixty and sixteen. " I was a-calculatin*," Miss Fossett droned on, "to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but I guess it'll be a close shave now. I didn't know if I could get my front chamber carpeted, but the school ma'am might come here to board; and twelve shillings a week is twelve shillings a week in those timea." ; " Yes, I know, annty," said Marv Ann and why shouldn't she come ? We shall aave the carpet ready for the loom, and in (he meantime why rbouldn't she tie smr.Cod with a zng or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau 2" "Haven't you heerd?" said Miss Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of thread. * * The school-ma'am's going to be married, and the new teacher, Eliab Bay, he boards to hum. I don't believe he'll get along any better than Miss Marston did, if he is a man teacher." Mary Ann's eyes lighted up. " To be married ?" said Mary Ann. " Yes," nodded Miss Fossett. " Who is she going to marry, Aunt Fosse t?" " Oar next neighbor," answered Miss Fossett, grimly. " Mr. Fairweather?" "Yes, Mr. Fairweather. It beats all 1" Miss Fossett added ; " to think you shouldn't a heerd it afore now. Why, she's going to hev a dove-colored silk drets from Bridgeport, and a store hat, tiiinmed with stuffed birds and a real brochay shawl. Must have laid np a sight o' money, I should suppose." Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard the stream of idle chatter that flowed uninterruptedly from her aunt's lips. For herself she semed away, and ottered never a word. John Fairweather to be married to Alda Marston I Tho news had fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaceful serenity of ber heart. In novels she had read, many a time and oft, of the duplicity of man, but the fact had never come so near home before. The two women sewed diligently at the carpet rags nntil dusk, Mies Fossett had no idea that any one could deBire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann scarcely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb ber senses. " Guess we'd better Btop a spell now," said the old lady. " Jest you run out to the well and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll set out the apple-sass and doughnuts and riz biscuits. We won't hev no regular meal, being there's such a hurry with tne ragB." Mary Ann stuck ber needle into one of the red flannel leaves of the housewife, which was fashioned like a miniature book, dropped lier thimble into her pocket and vanished. She did not go (straight to t}ie well.tbcsygh-' She stole up the mndjflg woqde» steysaiy first into her own'T^npa, wiffife the yellpw glow of the 8aq8et"yejrfiog£re& two or three dried rosebuds ana a sprig of scentedgeranium from a little box in the corner oi tha table drawer. Looking at them for a moment, she opened tne window and flung them out into the grass below. " I have been a fool long enough," eaidshe to herself. Then she went forth to the well and filled the tea kettle,listening vaguely as she did so to the melancholy "checv, cbeep" of the crickets in the stone wall. ." Mary Ann !"' a voice uttered. Mary Ann started so violently that she nearly dropped the tea kettle. It was Jlns Marston who had come unexpectedly up the path, with a buuch of colored maple leaves in tier hands. Oh, Mi-js Alda, how you startled me 1" "Took me for a ghost, eh?" said Alda Marston, laughing. " But I wanted to see you, Mary Ann. Goodness me!" intently BOrutiuiziug her face by the last lading gleam of daylight, ''how pretty the child is growicg! I don't blame John for being betwitohed about her." " Did you want anything," said Mary Ann, bridling up. " I want you, child," said Alda Marston, in the pretty, domineering manner which, lieing some time a " school-ma'am," she had naturally acquired. " Can you help me with in - sewing a little this week ?" " I am afraid I cannot," eaid Mary Ann with her face turned away. " Cb, Mary Ann—and I had counted on you for a certainty 1" «' I cannot 1" frigidly repeated the girl. Alius Marston stood silent a minute or two. Then she said, coaxiogly,— " But you haven't congratulated me yet, Mary Ann." Mary Ann withdrew herself spasmodically from the light touch ol her hand. " I'm sut6 I hope you wi'l be very happy," said she. " No, 1 duii'l, either—1 don't hope anything of that kind." Then she fled away, Fobbing and holding tight to the tt/i-keitl'. 1 , wiio«e tqiout dropped all the way in u mutt lachrymatory fashion. Tne kerosene lamp was lighted when shereached the room where l.-it- bulls of carpet rags were piled up. Julm Fair weather hirneeit was leaning against the woudtn mantel- Mch. with his elbow in dangerous proximity V to the esse of dried bdttafllea I bat htf aunt waB nowhere to be eeea.-^i " . ... " She has gone upstairs," the young man explained, in answer to Mary Ann's bewildered look, " to get a bag Q! hops for old Mrs. Qubbard's neuralgia. 'Are yon ill, Mary Ann? Yon look so white and weary," j , .. | With gentle authority he took the trakettle from her hand, and eet it on the stove, Mary Ann helplessly regarding him tne w h l le - , ,, , , . , , , , , ! Hoy tall and straight and handsome he was ! How pleasant shone the light from his genial nazel eyesi Jiow deaUy elie bad learned to love him I Now it must all be undone again. Was it not wicked to a low herself to think of bun who belonged to Al.la Marston, much less to look admir.rgly into his face. With these thoughts in her mmd. it was no wonder tbat bor expression gr.-w frigid aa an icicle. She paid no hetd to Lie question. "Miss Marston is out by the well;you will ST'®; ifi!> 'a nr t^ - „ "Miss Marston, eh ? sa-d M' Fuirwcalber, with provoking equanimity That remind-, me-yon haven t told me what you think of our family arrangements. Were you surprised? - Mary Ann looked at him in amazement, almost in anger. " Of course I was surprised," -laid she. " But," gathering all her prerence of mind, "I don't know why—it is no business of mine." " But it is though," said he, "Tt haq only driven me, a little sooner than otherwise anticipated, to ask yon to listen to my suit. Miss Alda must not imagine that she is the only person in the world who can ges married." Mary Ann drew herself np. " Mr. Fairweather," said ehe, " I must beg you to remember yourself. We are not Mormons here. Neither are yon any relation to Bluebeard. In this country a man can have but one wife." Mr: Fairweather looked pnzzied. " An indisputable fact," said he. " But I know of no one who is contradicting it." j " How dare you insult me by such words?" cried poor Mary Ann. " You who are engaged to Miss Marston I" " But 1 am not engaged to Miss Marston." " Mr. Fairweather I" " I am not indeed," he said. " D?ar little Mary Ann, do not look at me with suoh incredulous eyes 1 Mips Alda Marston is sflianced to my father. She is to be my stepmother. next month; and as I would naturally, under the exiEting circumstances,prefer a home of my own, I want you to be its household angel." Not another word was spoken. Ma y Ann's Eoft eyes, brimming over with glad tears,were lifted to John's face. She stole towards him and Jiid her crimson cheek against bis shoulder; his arm tightened itself, in the most natural manner ic the world, around her waist. When Miss Fossett tame down stairs with the tag of hops, tbe two were busily,enga^ tf in picking op the balls of carpet-rag? which had rolled away in every direction. It was the cat, inoty,' explained Mary Anil, " She was aBleep in tbe very middle of the balls, and when she got up and stretched herself—" Cats are a dreadful bother, when there's work aronnd," said Miss Fossttt. After John Fairweather bad gone home with his step-mother-elect (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in the world jealous of Mine Alda Marston Sow), tbe girl crept out in the dew and starlight to pick np the dried rosebuds and the scented geranium-leaves. " Oh, what a fool I was I" she whispered softly to herself; "and hov happy 1 am at last!" She helped Miss Mantes with her dresses, after all: and whea the rag-carpet wan sewn and woven in rainbow stripes, it oecupicd tk« place of honor on Mrs. John Fainveather'y dainty little kitchen floor. " Isn't it pretty, John V' she cried. " The prettiest thing I ever saw in my life," said John, looking straight into hie wife's face. Mrs. Fairweather laughed and blushed,and said,— " Now, John, don't be a goose 1" Probably the most respectable member c. the French presidential household is Mine Grevy. In bygone ages she is asserted tc have filled the position eithei of lanndtess, housekeeper, or cook—or, perhaps, all thiee combined—in M. Grery'e bachelor household. In a moment of pardonable weakness, inasmuch as she was the mother of his only daughter, Mtne. Alice Wilson, ha morried her ; but not finding her presence as a.wife as congenial as that of a favorite menial, he insisted that she should live apart from bim. When, in 1S71, he was etavei President of the National Assembly, hardy any one was aware of his marriage, and bis friende were only apprised thereof when, having ch*f fingly urged that the French nation would never stand a baohelor president, he replied, somewhat plaintively ; " But I am married I" Moie. Grevy was quiokly summoned from ber retirement in the provinces, and apart from her saying the wrong thing in the wrong place is, on the whole, a good natured, respectable old soal, though somewhat mean and stingy in money matters. One of htr peculiarities is that she is 83 utterably unable to cope with long names and titles, The Duchess of Fernan Nunez, one of the proudest graid-s dames of Europe, was Spanirh Ambassadress a few years ago at Paris. It was absolutely impossible to get Mine. // Prc<iiUntc to address her corronly in conver sation. Refusing to oall her eithtr "duchess" or "ambassadress," she insisted on speaking to bee part of the tipie an Mmr. Fernan, and the remainder of the time as Mtue, Nunez. fronjL au olfactory pom{ of view, l.t seems, agreeable qji.ment may be divided into two classes—those which are most fragrant externally, and those which develop superior odors after they are crushed by the teeth or tongue. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have a more refined and'flmver-like fragrance before they are put in the mouth than after. Cheeses, on the other hand, are not generally regarded as fragrant until tbey are being eaten. The odor of Limburjiur is insupportable to many, who after they have once courageously smuggled it past tbe nasal fortress, find it very appetizinsr and pond. I'.iit the most curious illustration between exoteric and esoteric odors, so to speak, is i ho tropical fruit called the durion. Externally it resembles Limburger in having an intensely disagreeable odor, but during motivation it yields " wafts of flavor tl.iat call to mind cream cheese, onion sauce, hnnvn slicrry,and other incongruities," accimliiitr to 1 Mr. A. II Wallace, who adds that the more you eat, of it the less you feel inclined to stop s ; in fact, to eat durions is a rare sensation worth a voyage to the East to experience." The disagreeable external odor is in this case evidently neutralized by the fragiance that is set free as the fruit is crushed in the mouth. Anyone who will take up a book on the culinary art will be supriscd, in the first place, at the frequent references to the odors of the viands ; in tbe second place, at tbe thought that in has occurred to no one heretofore to generalize and boldly state that the sense of smell plays the first fiddle in the kitchen and the dining-room, He—"Miss Elizabeth, ao you play on the piano ?** She : " No." He (enraptured): "Elizabeth, I love yon !" Teacher—" Who knows of another faithful animal besides the dog that accompanies man everywhere ?" Boy: '"The—flea I" Gentleman (in a restaurant) : " See liflre. sir, what are you do np? Wiping my glass with a pocket- handkerchief?'' ; Waiteh : « Beg pardon, sir—it is my ' own 1" ! Analysis has brought to li«ht the fact j that. ice. cream frequently contains glue. Hut | it never seems In hurt the « ; Hs Somehow its always the young man that gets illicit. I I j I 