2% ®inws. PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19TH, 1895. ! Local and General. A TEST.-Compare Judges Bros.' Special Blend Tea, at Is per lb., wita any in the Colony at la 3d.* PARLIAMENTARY.-The polling for a member for; the Phillip Division, Sydney, in the Legislative; Assembly, in lieu o£ Mr. R. D. Meagher, resigned, took place on Thursday. Mr. Copeland received; 423 votes, Dr. Hodgson, the Government candidate, 303 votes, and Mr. Wilson, the labour candidate, 163 votes. THE SLAVE TRADE,-Mr. Donald Mackenzie, the special commissioner sent to inquire into the slave trade in British East Africa, has furnished a report ; to the British and Foreign. Anti-Slavery Society. He states that 2400 lives are sacrificed yearly in, supplying the local slave trade for Zanzibar and Pemba, and 40,000 lives in the Arabian coast trade. ' CONCERT AT JAMISONTOWN.-The good people, of Jamison town, who own their own Church and Sunday School - a united one - have recently purchased a new organ for use therein, and have arranged for a first-class concert to come off at the Church-School, on Thursday, 31st October. Mr. A. Judges, J.P., will take the chair. " KEATING'S POWDER" destroys BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating Beetles the success of this powder is, extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application. See the article you purchase is " KEATING'S,' i.e., with the signature THOMAS KEATING on each tin, as imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in Tins, 6d and Is each, by all chemists. - HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-A meeting of the Friendly Society delegates was held on Thursday night, each Society being represented. Mr. George Nash, (8 O.T.), occupied the chair. The election of officers first took place with the following result: Mr. George Nash (S.O.T.), Chairman; Mr. J. Hyslop (I.O.O.F.), Hon. Treasurer ; Mr. J. Walker (I.O.O.F.), Hon. Secretary, and Mr. W. B. R. Starling (S.O.T.), assistant Secretary. It was decided to hold Hospital Sunday on 10th November. After some further business of a preliminary character, the meeting adjourned till next Thursday. HORSEWHIPPING A J. P.-Interest in the law cases between Dr. Prangley, J.P., and Mr. George Edwards, manager of a store at Katoomba, was revived on Monday, when Mr. Edwards waited at the Katoomba Railway Station until Dr. Prangley emerged from Nitnmo's .Hotel at 2 o'clock. Mr. Edwards then approached Dr. Prangley, and, after apparently'speaking to him, commenced belabour ing him with a big stick. On the arrival of Senior Constable Illingworth, Mr. Edwards was given in charge. The parties have been litigants in various cases recently. Mr. Edwards was admitted to bail. On Wednesday, Mr. Edwards was fined £10, wit^ costs £2, THE GOOD DIE YOUNG.-Unlike most popular sayings, this has very little truth in it. Experience every day proves that some at least of the good are spared to make the world brighter and better, and a more pleasant place to live in. In fact, our experience is that good people, and good things generally, live the longest. For example,- consider the thousands of articles which have been widely advertised and are now forgotten. Why ? Because they were bad. On "the other hand, we have Holloway's Pills and Ointment, which have proved the faithful friend of poor humanity for fifty years and more. Why? Because they are good. Of a truth, that which is good .does not die, but liveB for all time. FRESH FIELDS, &c.-Nearly; every, week some of Penrith's old land marks are leaving us. The latest we have to chronicle ate two natives of the district, in the persons of Miss Wolledge, who is selling off her furniture and effects next Thursday through Mr. A. Colless, auctioneer, and the other Mr. Richard Pugh, who leaves for the old country to-day, whither he goes to claim an estate that has been in dispute for some years. Dick is a real good fello w, and we hope he'll strike it rich. Miss Wolledge intends taking up her residence at Newcastle. Another is Mr. H. S. Sampson, watchmaker, &c.;, who carried on business here for some time. He leaves on Monday by the. s.s. Oruba for London, and we also wish him good luck. OUR NEW TALE.-We have just completed the purchase of the copyright of an entirely new story, "Wynnum White's Wickedness," by Mr, J. D. Hennessey, author of "The Dis-Honourable," a story that has been most favorably commented on by the leading press of the colony. "Wynnum White's Wickedness" is a powerful sensational story of old and new London. The plot is intensely interesting, and is regarded by competent critics as a masterpiece of literary skill, while the characters of the book are drawn with a powerful pen. It contains both humour and pathos, and abounds with-good descriptive and dramatic writing. ' It will, like " TbeDis-Honourable," be published m book form, on completion aB a Berial, and is expected to mark for the author as a thorough literary success. GHOST AT LUDDENHAM.-"Jupiter" writes: On Saturday morning last, at about four o'clock, as Mr. Wm. Freeburn, who is in the employ of our local butcher, Mr. R. G. McGarrity, was assisting the latter cutting up beef, he was instructed to go and call another employee, who resides at some little distance. On opening the beef-house door William was somewhat surprised to see what he supposed to be one of the females belonging to the establishment standing in the doorway (the door being open) of the dwelling house, but, receiving no reply to his cheery " Good morning," Will looked more closely and perceived that the lady was a stranger, having long black hair and dressed in a flowing white robe. As William could get no informotion from the visitor as to who she was. or what she wanted, he began to stare rather curiously, when the apparition suddenly did the disappearing trick, and Will as suddenly appeared in the beef-house again, thinking himself safer there. When, however, he and Mr. McGarrity went to see into the matter, they not only found the lady gone but the door closed and, a very unusual thing for that door, bolted. Since the occurrence we have been informed by a former resident of the house that in his time such sights were not so uncommon, but that on one oceasion he was somewhat surprised to see a man, whom he recognised as a one-time butcher on the same premises, stockwhip in hand, leisurely cantering in midair on a well conditioned hack, evidently after a bullock. Now then " Meteor,"«comQ along. RECOVERY OF BATES.-The Mulgoa Municipal Council have decided to at once proceed against defaulting ratepayers, and for that purpose h*ve appointed a solicitor and bailiff under seal. We understand a fairly large amount is outstanding, and they, like other Councils, being short of funds, are determined that everyone shall pay their just dues. . MAGIC LANTERN ENTERTAINMENT.-Mr. D. T. Wiley, ever to the fore to assist our local Churoh of England Sunday School, is announced to give a magic lantern entertainment at St. Stephen's Sunday Schoolroom next Friday night, the 25th October, in aid of the Sunday School prize fund. Mr. Wiley has a beautiful lot of pictures, and he knows just exactly how to use the lantern. BRUCE AUCTION.-At a meeting of parishioners of St. Stephen's Church, held on Monday night last, it was decided to hold a Bruce Auction on the Church grounds on Wednesday afternoon, 20th November, for the purpose o£ (raising 'funds to make up a. deficiency in the stipend account. Cattle, horses, pigs, poultry, farm produce, or any thing else will be thankfully received. Mr, H. Neale is the Hon. Secretary. JEALOUSY.-At Lawrence, Otago, (N.Z,), a Chinaman named Lop Choy entered a house in the Chinese camp, whexe his European wife was, and shot her. He also shot a Mrs.ifiing Lee and Miss M'Auley, and a man named John Nailor, who tried to disarm him. Loo Choy then turned the revolver on himself, and inflicted a Bevere wound. His case is critical, but it iB believed that the others whom he shot will recover. Jealousy is supposed to have been the cause of his crime. FOB INDIGESTION, . the .BEST REMEDY is un doubtedly NORTON'S CAMOMILE FILLS. They can confidently be recommended as. being mild in operation and absolutely free from injurious drugs ; acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they have proved UNEQUALLED for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Liver and Stomach complaints. Sold in bottles,'Is ljd, 2s 9d, lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, and safe remedy. THE DRUIDS' ANNIVERSARY.-Once more this very popular friendly society are out with a big programme. aDd doubtless the success of this their tenth annieersary will be as successful as any of its predecessors. On Wednesday, November 6, there will be the usual torchlight procession, followed by a social at the Temperance Hall, On the Saturday following the Prince of Wales' birthday there will be a grand day's sports at Mr. W. J. Howe's picnic grounds, full particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns, BEAUTIFUL BRITAIN.-As will be noticed in our advertising columns, we have made special arrange ments with'the agents of the Werner Company of Chicago and London to publish their series of port folios, and we shall issue the first, of the Berics on Saturday, October 19th, and continue each week until completed. Beautiful Britain will be complete in twelve parts, each containing sixteen views, comprising the scenery and splendour of the rTnited Kingdom. The price of each part is only sixpence, and they can be sent by post for twopence extra. No coupons necessary. EGGS FROM ENGLAND.-At Messrs. Foley Bros', stores, Sussex-street, Sydney, on Monday, two cases of eggB from London were opened in the prcBence of representatives of the Agricultural Department and the piess. The eggs were sent out as ordinary cargo, with the object of testing the efficacy of a secret preservative solution with which they had been treated. One case left London in the Yarrawonga on July 16 laBt, and the other in the Oratava on July 23. Each case contained four dozen eggs, which had been wrapped in paper and placed in ordinary cell packing, a peace of felt separating each layer. Only three eggs were broken, and none of them were addled. For pastry-cooks' purposes the test was a decided success, but the egg? were not fresh enough for boiling, etc. When boiled, the solution, which is transparent, came away from the eggs, leaving them with a fresh appearance.-^ " Telegraph." TRAGEDY IN QUEENSLAND.-An Indian named Fuzzledon "ran amuck1' at Warwick (Q.), on Tuesday morning in a house occupied by his wife and two other Indians. He watched the house till they were all inBide', and then caught them unawares. He shot one named Kummol through the abdomen. The wounded man died shortly afterwards while on the way to tho hospital. A second Indian, named Meer Ameed, who grappled with the murderer, was also shot at. Fuzzledean then walked to the courthouse J.o give himself up. The Indian threatened another man, and clicked his revolver twice on the man's chest, but it would not go off, Further down the street the Indian was ordered to lay down the revolver, but he turned and fired twice at Sergeant O'Lean. who returned one shot. Constable Cantrell also fired. These four shots, however, took no effect. The Indian was then grappled from behind by Sergeant M'Namara, who was shot through the foot. After a hard scuffle the prisoner was lodged in the lockup. Fuzzledead was chaTged with murder. Jealousy is stated to be the cause of the crime. SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the globe, we publish the following :-Hazard, M.D., Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record :-" We have examined half-a dozen specimens of different manufactures; the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to be reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ) ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of the same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel warauted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDER & SONS.-(Advt.) * PENRITH W.C.T.U.-The members of the above Union held a special meeting on Tuesday, 8th inst,, for the purpose of making arrangements to have a social gathering in the Wesleyan Schoolroom. There was a good attendance, and much, interest taken in the matter. About 30 invitations were issued, and'it was decided to hold the meeting on Tuesday, 14th inst., which took place on that date and proved to be a great success. There were 60 ladies present, including the members of the Union. The meeting opened with the beautiful hymn, " The Ninety and Nine." Mrs. J. Price read Psalm 146, and Mrs. Nolan (Colonial Presi dent of the W.C.T.U.) engaged in prayer. Mrs. Williams then sang a sacred solo entitled " Follow Me." Mrs. Nolan, in a very comprehensive address, covered the aims and objects of the Union. The gceat aim was for Prohibition. She felt sure it must come, the public were so intelligent and enlightened about the matter they would not be satisfied with less. She urged all mothers to stand firm to their principles, and be up and doing-not to taste or have in their houses that which is blighting so many lives and- ruining so many of ' our fellow beings. How could people drink, even moderately, and ask*God's blessing to rest upon them ? God had given them the most preciouu of charges-that of motherhood. Were they training their boys and girls to be sober, pure and good ? God looked for purity^ in man as well as in woman -they were ail one in fiis sight. He had given them a goodly heritage. What were they doing with it 1 Now was the time for work : " As ye sow BO shall ye also reap,!1' Mrs. McKee also gave a short address, and thanked Mrs. Nolan, on behalf of the Union, for her excellent address. Mrs. Williams then sang " Lo I at Thy feet," and all joined in singing the Consecration Hymn. All present were invited to take their seats at the tables, whfoh looked very inviting with abundance of goods. After a pleasant half-hour had been spent, the meeting closed by Mrs Williams pro nouncing the Benediction, -JCommunicated.) WEEKLY SALE.-Owing to the District Court being held to-day (Saturday), the usual- weekly sale at the NEPEAN TIHES Auction Boom will not take place. Q-ABDKN FETE.-By announcement in another column it will be seen that a garden fete will be held at Winibourne, Mulgoa, on Saturday, 9th November (Prince of Wales' birthday), proceeds of which go towards the fund for the repair of the local parsonage. We understand that a first-class programme is being prepared, and Bhould the day prove fine no doubt a very large number will avail themselves of this exceedingly pleasant outing. A concert will be held in the Mulgoa Hall same even ing. Full particulars will appear in our advertising columns nest week. FLOUR.-At the beginning of the present year Mr, H. C. Mathews of Acme Boiler Mills, Bathurst remodelled his mill to the Hungarian Full Roller System and the new dust has been gaining fresh friends daily, and is now to be found in every bake house of importance in the metroplis the suburbs, or along the Western line. With those who have already tried it, the opinion seems to be that to use the Acme Boiler Flour is to have a large, lighb (we do not mean under weight) anil snow-white loaf Of course all others mill produce is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Mathews will be pleased to answer all enquiries.* MARRIED.- A wedding party in Paris has had an unhappy termination. The bridegroom and his friends had returned from the Church, and were partaking refreshments. Suddenly the harmony of the proceedings was interrupted by a remark passed by a lady friend derogatory to the dignity of the bride. The husband was at once in arms in defence of his spouse, and securing a corkscrew from the table rushed out of the. room.in pursuit of the party who had made the insinuation. In a few moments shrieks and lamentations, mingled with words indicative of fury and hate, were heard, and when the wedding guests reached the scene of all this hubbub they beheld the bridegroom, hitting the woman who bad given too full play of her tongue about the head with the corkscrew. The bride groom, who offered a stout resistance,,was finally conducted to the police station, despite the pleadings of his bride, who was vigorously supported by her relatives and friends. 