SPORTING. 'Accra's Ghost.' An adjourned meeting of the projected Rowing Club waa held on Thurs day evening- at Thomas' Royal Hotel, Dr Watt presiding. There was a fair attend ance. The sum of £13 was promised at the meeting, and tho greater part of the amount was planked down. It was mentioned by tho Chairman aud others present that pro mises of support everywhere were foi thcorn inor. and the most saneuiut hopes were ex pressed that the club could bs soon launched. It was estimated that £100 would be re quired before launching tbe Club. A sketch ef a floating shod, which they proposed to erect was produced, and approved of. Those present decided to form themselves into a ooinmittee to culleot eubscriptions, and Mr Thomas wa» appointed treasurer, and Dr Watt secretary pro ten. Pitchery is doing splendidly in his work in Melbourne. Sunshower is said to be in great heart Haste-to-the Wedding, is reported to be a galloper, but flighty. Killafoe, who some time ago cost 600 guineas, was sold in Sydney last week for 14 guineas. Tlie little breeze between Messrs 'J. B. Clark' and Anderson, the latter chairman of the V.A.T.O., is exoiting a lot of interest and disoussion about Melbourne. Mr Bowden. promises to see it to the bitter end, and, ia view of a resort to law, has engaged J. L. Purrea and another legal light to be upon his Bide it ueoossary. Tbe subject is ' tbe betting steward,' or, in this instanoe, rather, tha alleged betting- steward, for Mr Anderson denies the soft impeachment, and members of the V.A.T.C. in meeting assembled have de clared that they don't believe Mr Bowdan's atory of the transaction laid to their chair man's aosouut, ' C.Etbridge, who rods Bob Bay, Hopscotch, Quiver and Co., has been granted a license by the V.14.C. Etbridge, waa among- those who were refused their licenses last year. Bessie M'Carthy and Sternohaser leave to take pait at the forthcoming Spring meeting in New Zealand. Havoc and Challenger were in the birdcage at Flemtngton last week, and tnay wero scanned eagerly by tbe touts. The Admiral has been practically knocked out in the Oaulfleld Cup betting. It is believed that Mr Cook's elect for that race is The Heroine, by Trenton — Marie Louimo, and that The Admiral will do the amUblo in the Melbourne Cup. TulUmore, Saracen, St. Hippo and Jubi lant, have beeu withdrawn from the Caulfield Cup ; Maroon, St. Hippo, Bob Bay, Cartridge and Ilchester, from tbe Melbourne Cup, and the three latter from the Derby. The Derby colt, St. David, wrenched one of his fore legs ffhile galloping on Thursday morning. Delaware is at ICO to S for tho Melbourne Cup, with no acceptors. There must be a screw looBe somewhere. Paris has been receding in the betting for tho Cambridgeshire, but as betting does not make horses run faster (I hare known of oases Where it has made them slower) I fully ex pect to see the Grandmaster gelding win this ersnt. U'oodford, who ran second in the Metrop ia to be treated to a spell. Devon, who was on the big side, ran well in the September Stakes, and by the time the big events are to be decided, he will bs cherry ripe. Tim Swiveller left for Iadia on Saturday. Brilliant, who is reported to be getting into uiok, will ran well in the Canlfield Oup. Borabie (a brother to Vakeel) in tbe Mai volio stable, cut out a mile and a half iu 2 miu. iS sec. , on Tuesday morning last. Idolater, who was badly cut on a barbed wire fence some time Ago, ia all right again. During the pant week, I have heard it given out by men (who smelt strongly of alcohol) that Idolater cau't lose the Caulfitli Cup, and Aureus is a cert for the Melbourne, the latter prophet gave his tip in a very forcible manuer, in fact he wanted to punch Ilia listeners. Three fillies that will play au important part in the Derby are:— Auraris, (Jeorgio and Miiluma. Uhallentrer and Wallace, if they start in Derby, will take a lot of beating. I fully' expect to see those two, and a couple of fillies fighting out tha finish. Maroon, who has been struck out of the tfelbourne Cup, ia said to have grown into one of the most stylish looking hones in Australia Bonnie Scotland is improving- rapidly, and may carry Mr Gollan's colors to the front within the next few weak*. Since Trenton's stock commenced to race In 1891 he has produced forty winners of IO2£ races of the value of £29,76*. The dead heat was between Auraria and Mttie at Flemington. Old Highborn, according to latest reports from India, is Ruing sound enough. He is said to be looking in perfect oondition. Eiridsforde was ahead of Wallaoe a hun dred yards from the winning post in the Saptember Stakes, but the latter passed him in the run home. It is reported that Roir Morn is t* be tried at the unregistered meetings around Mel bourne. Mr Kelso arrived from Sydney on Tuesday with Newman, Bewi, Te Whiti, Ariki, and Oreme d'Or. jnr Aiex. layior s nones at isaiiarac, Alpine, Elswiolt, and Idolater, are said to be looking well, the two former particularly so. It would be as veil for double event backers Lot to overlook (his dangerous stable, wheu taking doubles. Dreamland, although he looked well, did not impress « recent visitor to fiallarat. The Victorian Amateur Turf Olub Com mittee met on friday, but failed to agree upon a faaudicapper to sacoeed Mr Barnaid. Bruin did a startling gallop at Fiemidgtou on Friday morning, covering fire furlongs in 1 min. 4J sec. Atlas, Trenohant, Grenadier, Aureas, and (Jeorgio pleats the Caulfield touts. Reports trom Queeacliffe speak very favor ably of tho work done by Hopscotch, and company. In tbe Flemington notes in tho ' Australa sian' appears tbo following: — Hova. vrhoU looking a pioture of condition, after cantering onoe round, pioked np his stable mate Arajoel, and galloped five furlongs in 1 min. 6 leo. Although the filly finished in the front, the big hone was only ' kidding,' bat it was a. fe good ' go' of the youngster'*, and she will ? yet bear out the gocd opinion I formed of her early in the leason. Arajoel belongs to Mr J. J. Baylis, and I believe the leisee has hopes af annexing the Marlbyrnong Plate with her. The Narandera polo player* leave for Urana ou Thursday. ' - A local punter laid Bob Thomas $10Q to £S a/aitst Hopsootoh for the Caulfield Cup. This is g»pd biz for Bob, as he can dispose of it for double that amount. Hopscotch or Mostyn should win the Toorak Handioap, and Wallaoe tbe Guineas Monastery, by Tho Englishman — Con- vent, who won the Handioap Flat Race, 11 mile, iu 2m in 8| sec, is engaged in the Caulfield Cup 7,10 and in the Melbourne. Cup at 7.12. 