POULTRY BREEDING. It is reasonable to believe that in future poultry breeding in tbis dis trict will receive better and more care ful attention than hitherto, and with this object in view tne ijovernmem have engaged a thoroughly qualified gentleman to lecture in country districts on ' The best breeds, and how to rear for export' On Wednesday evening last a number of enthusiasts put in an appearance at the Burra Institute to listen to Mr. Nathan, who is a thorough master ot the subject he expounds, and we venture to say that more was learned in two hours, and more notice taken of the necessity of careful breeding, than a good many knew of in their lifetime. At Port Adelaide the Government have erected a commodious refrigerating depot for the reception of al! kinds of poultry, and we are sure the hitherto neglected minor products of the farmer, will receive the attention it deserves. In South Australia very little indeed is known of poultry farming, but in Europe it is looked up on as a distinct industry, and many persons are solely engaged in it. If the resolutions of the present are carried out in this district many a farmer, who has now to depend on his wheat crop alone, will look to his poul try yard for considerable assistance, and if he has taken the required care of the poultry therein he will not be disappointed. We feel enamoured with the industry, and for this reason we publish in another column an ex tended report of the lecture, which, we are sure, will be read and preserved by intending competitors ; it deals with all the essentials in poultiy farming, and, if carried out, success is bound to follow the efforts of the breeder. In many other industries the necessary capital, of which a large amount is required, presents itself as the first obstacle to progress, and the industry, let it be so ever important, is allowed to remain ' wanting.' In the poultry export in dustry, however, a better state of things exist, and very little capital will make a fair beginning, and as time ^oes on and success attends the labour Df the industrious and enterprising breeder he can prepare for more elab Drate and commodious premises for the further pieservation of his poultry. While on the subject of finance we would like to point to the fact that the various sums collectable from the Government can be relied upon, and as soon as consignments reach the English market and sold without delay advice is received at the Refrigerating Stores and the money forwarded to the con signee. It will be interesting to know that it costs is 3d to send a fowl to England ; this covers the freight and everything connected with export, and considering that as much as 5s each — and often times more — can be realised, the game is ' worth the candle,' and the cost of fattening does not amount to much in comparison with the return re ceived for the outlay. In addition to this export there is another decidedly portant matter worthy of the utmost consideration, and that is the egg pro ducing power of fowls uhen properly looked after. Eggs can be had all the year round, and can be sold at high rates, thus again encouraging the enter prising poultry keeper to go a step further and prepare for export. We believe that South Australia — and this district especially — is capable of pro ducing birds that will compare favour ably with any bred on the continent of Europe ; the climate is admirably suited, and the other necessary ele ments are close at hand. Who, then, will not try to put money into his own pocket by becoming a poultry farmer ? If there is anything further we can do in securing imformation for intending breeders we will be pleased to do £0 at any cost or trouble ; by doing this we are only carrying out our duty and to uphold our policy of ad vocating everything that will tend to relieve this district, and the colony generally of its present depression. Borra Hospital. — The number of patients in this institution last week was 26; there have since been admitted 4 ; discharged, I ; died, l ; leaving 28 now in Hospital. COURT. — Several Corporation cases were dealt with at the Redruth Court on Wednes day morning last, and resulted in an easy win for the inspector. POLITICAL. — We would remind the electors of this district who rre desirous of hearing both sides t.f the question to assemble at the Burra Institute on Friday evenirg, September 20, to listen to Sir John Downer who will pay a visit to Burra as a result of a petition which has been signed by ratepayers and sent to him through His Worship the Mayor inviting him here. We understand Sir John will confine himself principally to the State Advances Bill. Sudden Death to Flies. — * Come inside a minute,' said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos, yes'erday afternoon. * I have dis coveied the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' He led the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on which was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a hunch of sweet peas, and at least a thousand dead flies were lying in the immediate vicinity of ilie flowers. ' I threw these here by chance,1 he continued, 'and in about ten minutes I happened to notice that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.' Even as he spoke a number of the in sects which had stopped to suck the deadly sweet had toppled over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, flapped their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost. A Surprise. — Two ycung women were ac companii d by their mother from the Burra rail way « tat ion in one of the local cabs the other day, and in it was seated what the old lady considered to be a very handsome man of about thirty summers. The girls spoke of the good qualities of the stranger, and seemed to get tangled up in love at first sight. On the arrival at their destination the mother ac quiesced with her daughters but told the girls not to lafh flattery so extravagantly on him. 'Well, ma,' added agirl, * it is not often you see a superior creature, such a gentleman, too. It transpired that the dear old soul inwardly had a sneakirjr regard for the same object, and again told the girls not to be so frivolous. Circumstances led them to have a look round for their handbag, and to their great astonish ment it rss gone. They are much vexed over the company of tbat young roan now, and they are in z fix to know whether he appropriated it, or whether it fell out of the c cabe'. The hand some fellow is looked upon as a queer cus tomer at the pre?ent time. Concert. — The second concert in aid of the Oval improvement fund was given in the Burra Institute on Friday evening last. There was not a large attendance, but the various items suVrnitted were rendered in a creditable manner. The following ladies and gentlemen very kindly took part : — Mrs E. Broad, Mrs. £. Mai pas and Mrs. J. A. Watt, Misses Cave, Pearce, Wylie, Sprod, West and Elsie Watt, and Messrs. Kennedy, Crosby, Wionall, Jennings and Mr. Page. WORK OF Art. — Through the courtesy of ' the Salvation Army authorities we bave_ re ceived a beautiful picture illustrating Daniel's self denial. It was published in Melbourne by the Army's own workmen, and is really a credit to them, the numerous colours blending nicely together. No doubt if the picture was framed buyers could be found to give one guinea for it, but in the present case anyone can procure one from Captain Scoones or Mr. F. Harris for the small sum of twopence. During the self-denial week this year our Army friends expect to raise £2$ here; last year they raised £21 ios. Roogh ON Rabbits. — In to-day*s Record we publish an important announcement to farmers and others, and no doubt they will see for themselves that it is just the thing required. Mr. H. S. Dunn is the local agent from whom the c rough' can be procured at a very low charge. From the patent agent (Mr. F. H. Snow} the enterprising patentee has received the following encouraging letter : — From a perusal and examination of the specifications filed at 'he patent office, Adelaide, I clearly consider your composition to be the most powerful that has yet been patented in this eolony more particularly as you have brought to your aid the use of electricity on scientific principles. Tennis. — An exceedingly interesting and exciting game ot tennis was played on the court m front of the Burra Hospital on Mon day last between the Burras and Rovers (from Terowie), when eventually our boys won by six games. The contest was started at II o'clock, and at lunch time the scores on each side were equal, and an hour and 3 half later the same result was noticable. However, in the iast set but one Messrs. Scoft and Harvey defeated Messrs. Clark and Dale by 9 to 2, thus giving Burra a lead of 7 games. The iast set was won by the Rovers after a desperate struggle. The weather was not at all favour able for the pleasant pastime, consequently the exhibition of tennis on either side was not first- class. Messrs. Harvey, Noyes, Winnall, Scott, Whyte and Dr. Sangster, jun., repre sented Burra, while Messrs. Clarke, Dale, Pendlebury and Sinclair represented the Rovers. Forestry. — The quarterly audit meeting of the district accounts of the A.O.F. took place recently at the district office, Waymoutb street, Adelaide. The auditors, P.C.R's. Bros. T- Nottage and T. T. Sbortridge have kindly supplied us with particulars of the quarter's progress as follows: — Balance brought forward at the commencement of quarter, £22,117 13s Sd ; balance at close of quarter, ^22,552 14s id ; increase of funds of general accounts, ^435 OS 8d, and j£356s2d benevolent fund, or grand total of ^470 6s iod. The principle items of receipts were district levies, ^920 15s 6d ; interest and rent, £310 7s ; expenditure — the widow, orphan and funeral fund paid away, ^515 ; on the death of members, and ^,96 on members' wives ; in crease of membership for the quarter are as follows : — Adults, 127 ; juveniles, 109 ; delegates to annual meeting, £yj 4s 6s ; sick pay, district members, £2.2. 9s 4d ; expenses of management, & 12918s iod. The Benevolent fund receipts were £64 6s 2d ; expenditure, .£29 ; and total balance, ^3291 16s 3d. The juvenile branch fund balance shows £741 7s 6d. The loans on mortage are ^21,187 12s 6d ; fieehold, £850 ;cash in bank £507 ; and in hands £$ is 7d. WATTLE Blossom Fair, Etc.— This will be our last opportunity of drawing attention of the public to the announcement in another column referring to the Wattle Blossom Fair and Sale of Gifts, for ere we see the light of another Wednesday Ibe expectation which now exists will end in realization, and we hope it will have proved satisfactory to the public and alike to the funds of the Redruth Wesleyan Trust Fund. The financial position of the ' fair' is not the object that we are called upon to make known — that will come in the natural course of things — but it is the unique and novel way in which the proceedings are to be carried out. It will be a Wattle Blossom fair in the truest sense, and will include special stalls of useful, ornamental, and fancy goods, in addition to vocal and instrumental music. The Maypole with grand coronation scene will be a special feature, and will be given here for the first lime on Friday evening next. The money to be raised is to meet an instalment of £40, which has been lent by the church loan fund free of interest, on condition that it be paid back in five instalments without borrowing; to do so. Annual Effort. — Special services were held in the ELooringa Bible Christian Church on Sunday and Monday, September I and 2. On Sunday the Rev. Hugh Be^gs, of Dunedin, preached very able sermons at the morning and evening services. In the afternoon a service of song entitled *The River Singers' was rendered by the choir in a very efficient manner, the connective reading being given by the Rev. H. Beggs. Mr. J. Davey conducted, Mr. Arthur Davey organist, and Mr. C. Betty assisted with the 'cello. The services were weli attended. On Monday afiernor-n the annual dinner took place in the school room, and in the evening a public meeting was held in the church. H. Boucaut, Esq., of Jamestown, presided. Addresses were given by the Revs. H. J- Parkinson, H. Lee and T. Flood. Special anthems were rendered by the choir. The financial results were very satisfactory, realising about ^,30. On Sunday -he weather was beautifully fine, but on the following day there was plenty of wind, thus militating against the attendance at the tea and public meeting. The service of song will be repeated by special request next Sunday after noon. The Holiday. — Nothing in the shape of sports was set down on the card for Monday last in Burra, so in this respect the holiday passed off quietly. The wind and dust, how ever carried on nice pranks by indiscriminately forcing moderately sized gravel to fly about to the great annoyance of those who ventured out to see something better. Having re moved a considerable amount of useful stone work on the main road, and no doubt getting dry a visit was paid to the brewery in front of which a portion of a well developed gum fell a victim to the excursiousts. They con tinned their mad career until it was time to sit down to the spread in the Bible Christian school-room and then it eased off a little, allowing well wishes of the church to turn out in fairiy large numbers to ' do honor' to the good things that calmly rested upon the tables. At about 6 o'clock a fatigued shower reached the town accompanied by thunder and lighting, but owing to the distance which it doubtless travelled not enough of the precious liquid re mained to stop the progress of the wind and dust, so it continued while the inhabitants rested sweetly in the arms of Morpheus. ? ^ ? 