Orange Celebrations. Religious Services Yesterday. Local Orangomon. commonood thoir July comfnoraorativu nervines yesterday. In the morning udtierouts to tho ordor assomhlod in largo numbers ut. tho Frotcsuiut Hull, wlienoe, having donuod tho roguUu of tho institution, thoy marched la procession to Trimly (Juurok. i'lio sol-vice, wliiou was uuited to tho occasion. was oonduotcd by tho Key. J. bpuuuor, who delivered ft stirring discourse on the text Uulittiaua ii. 11 uud 12, " But when Peter wus uouio to Autii)ch i withstood hnn to the tuco boouuso ha wus to bo bhimed. JL< or bctoro thut certain cuino irqm Jumna ho did cat with thu Gentiles ; butwuou thoy werecpmc, ho withdrew and separated himself, tearing thorn wuioli were ot the circumcision." . At the conclusion of tho Herviuo the brethren were uguiu uiur- sliulled iu procession, in which way thoy re turned to the hull. Iu the ul'tci'ubun largo numhors' of peoplo assembled .to take purt iu tlio sor vice cohuuciud oy the officers bi the Grand ' Lodge in the Protostunt Hull. The chuir wus. occupied by the Uiund Muster (Mr. A. Cuimou), ana witli niin on tlie plutforui were tho Kovs. J. Bowes, J . Williuiils, M' Wutt Allan, uud. several lend ing officiuis 'bf tlio order. A small choir, under die direction of Mr. E. Keen, led tlio smgiug. Rev. J. llowiiB, spunking upon u pucsuge from (Joniithiuus xvi. 13 uud 14 — "Wutohyu, stuu'd lust in the fuith, quit you like mon, be strong. Let all your things bo done with, onunty "—said these words of St. Paul, which were wise, pithy, .,ud brimful ot seiuiinent, wero in. ended us a rallying cry lor tho suuill body of Coriutluuus, wno ut u timo wuuii Corinth wus given up to innovations of the most ffiigrant.cbariiutur, uud immorality of the grossest Kind, hud reiuuiiied luitlif ut, to tho high ii'iist that wits reposed iu them, j . The uuvico to remain steuutusi nnp.ied by tho text ho'rc- gurdeu us puruuulurly appropriate to the Pro- icstunt buuies throughout tno world at the present time. Boviowlng tho doutrmul anil etbicul differences wiuuh constituted tho uHiTiors which - kept the Fro ioniums apart .rum the . followers of the Uuuruh of itomo, ho deniud the genuiiioucss of che papal succession, and uoclurud thut no man uud inherited it right to tumpcr witli inuu's individuality. speaking of the encyclical luttors iviiiou hud racemly cmuuutod iroui thu Vuticiin und clsuwhoro urging u union whioh it wus lorouuscod would bring uuout cue suppression of all tho social oviis whioh occasion so much concern in juttcr duys, he compared them tn ocitly sugar-coated pilis, and recognised in tuo ovcreures u (lunger which laado it as iinporutivo that they should assort tho principles of thoir Procesiuudsm, to day ub it wus wuon Martin Luther muled his ciicsos to the .door of tho Wurtmburg c, lurch and culled kings by their rigiit nainos It Buomod, ho obscrvod, if they wore to secure' those great pnuoiplcs of purity, uud to forwurd ciio interests of thu Lord J esus Christ iu rogurd to the greut. fundamentals of Christian religion, iusteud of uniting, thoy would huvo to siund dim aguiuBt tho aggressive movements of the Church of Rome. But whilst thoy stood out doutriuully und ethically nguinst tho.Pupaoy, it bohoved thorn to observe tho last ehuso of tho text, "Lot ull your things bo done witli charity." Avowing his lovoior tho Church ot ungluiid, lie suid tlint it wus with thu greatest sadness mid sorrow that ho realised that tho historical church wan in greut duugcr, thut sho wus, us it were, treading upon tliin ico. Noting the dieaffcotiou which hud obtruded itself in tho minds of mon uigli in tho ministry of tho Episcouulian church lie fervontly prayed Gid to suvo tlio Church of England. At n inter stugo.of tho proceedings Rev. J. Williumi dolivorcd'a discourse) on tho text, " Yu ahull kuow tlio truth, und tho truth ahull make you free" (John viii. 32). Ho con tended thut there was quito as muoh positivism as negativism ubout tho ordor of Orange - inon. Wliilo thoy wero opposod to suuh doctrines of tho Church of Rome ub purgatory, truns- substnatiutiun, tho right to dony private judgment, the withholding of the Biklo from private persona, und tlio worship of tho Virgin Mury und saints, thoy believed in tho Bible us tlie VV ord of God, in thu existence of God, iu tho justification of tho Binuor by the deuth of Christ, uud in tho suuutilluution of tlio Holy Ghost us the only essential to eternul salvation, i'liey us Protestants believed thoso doctrines, us Orangemen they ulso beliovud thorn, und they furthor believed that tlio Biblo was very olear und definite in the statement of tlio truths upon whioh thoy bused H4wB4 UU4IU13 UUU UJJUU WHICH iUUJT Q9UI UllOUUU their organisation. Those truths and prin ciples which were the basis of tiioir boliof, lay ut tho vory fouudution of personal liberty nnd natural freodom. They believed that tho truth wus given by God for every individual, und that where it wus recoived mid recognised by u uomraunity tho result would bo individual freedom and nittionul greatness und liberty, deferring to tlio overbites being mudo by tho Pupuoy upon England, ho regarded it as any thing but likely that tlio peoplo of England woro simplo enough to belicvo that tho Protestuuts worn going to bow tho kuoo uguiu to tlie Pope. Tim Church of Rome, lie complained, lmd not confessed hor errors, or acknowledged her sins in regard to tho tyranny and porsooution of earlier days, In rcferonco lo tho bousls of the growing wealth and influonco of tho Kornau Catholic Church, ho ad oitted that in acquiring the most vtiluublo sitos in tho leading cities of tho world tho nhuroli lmd boon remarkably successful, but that ho regarded as ivior con solation in faco of tho faut revealed in t'no statement of Cardinal Gibbons, tliut iu America, if Romo had reluinod all her children, tlio Romish Church would havo hud 20,000,000 more followers than sho hud to-day The fuct was thiit sho was losing lier sons mid daughters rapidly. Evon in Now Suuth Wales tlie lust census returns of Rumnn Catholics _ ad hibited a tailing off of 20 por cent. At Romi- itself oven convincing proof was to ho found .. tho growing aourdpitudo of tho ohtiroi. Whorover tho Church of Romo held swuy, ho assorted, progress wus arrested, and poverty and deurcpitudo sot in. To bring about u anion of tho (ilmrhhos was then the hope of tho i'apney, and lie urged upon Protostahts tho necessity of standing firm to their faitli. 8overul hymns were suiig during tho eorvicc, and at tho olosothe benediction was pronounced by tho chairmun.' 