ROSEHILL RAGES. GOOD SPORT aiU) ATTEsrsAircn. A. Bookmaker's Boycott. A Chipping-Norton Double. When it became known yesterday morning that tho Tattersall's Bookmakers had decided not to submit to the new arrange ments ot the UoscUiLl Club, and intended not to bet or countenance the meeting with, their presence, the general impression among sportsmen was that this would put a damper on the meeting, and interfere with the attendance and fields. But the absence of the old Bookmakers did not seem to have much cucct on either tbe fields or tho betting, as Mr. O'Mara bad provided the public with a, reputable ring at j short notice, and right well did the new ring jcdcu bet. I 6pokc to several borseowners : who exprcfcBid themselves well satisfied both with the prices offered aud the amounts obtained about tboir horeeo. The fortune of the day went all against the new men until the last race, when Steward pulled them through in a most (to them) satisfactory manner. This turn-up left thera all guod - winners on the day, because there were a number of horses lacked, and the wiuncr wasn't a6kcd Lor except by his owner, who secured loui ecu ponies about bis disappoint ing hcrtc. -. i n whom be was so diseusied thai he su..l . in on the mo: n..g ot tl.o race to Mr Dine*, of Singleton, delivery to taken after yesterday's races. The attendance was quite up to tho Koaehill Flntidari, aud several fresh taecR were observable m the enclosure. Among them were ;u-vcr.-l ol the Gaiety Company, headed by Mr. Willmmson. They were putting their money on juil tbe same as ordinary people, and 1 qui glad to say I Bawseveral of them collecting after tbe different races, and small wonder they were able to 6 pot tbe winners, as tboy had tba benefit of the best Johnny advice obtainable. One well-known horse-owner askedyvhoa fair lady on the lawn was,- when be was told she was no othor than Miss Grace Falotla, be whispered to his informant, 'Go aud tell her to 'ave a bit on uiinc ; it's a cert.' The 44 cert ' did not come off'. Racing began with tbe Granville StakcB, for wbicb twenty-three saddled up. Tbe New Zealand colt, Gscuiaior, and Mr Long's filly, Witchery, divided favoritism for some time, but the weight oi money scot the Mnorilauder out with a dt cided call. He ran a good, game hur.e all the way, but he was clearly overmat.hed, and failed to get a place to Witchery who won easily from that tine colt ^ilveriou aud the uuic liable Steward. There were a lot of borers backed in this lace which included several novices and strangers. Lam Fielder ran a baud6omc brother to ^'anicu, but he is very backward and wilj not be heard of for several months yet. 1 noticed a very nice lwo-ycar-oid named Sauntcicr in the mob. I fancy this well-made youngster will account for a race some of theae days when his education is complete. The Slccplecba.c was a purfoct farce. Black Tracker and Kissing Cup were tbe public lavoritci at 'i to 1 each, and rarneU and Tupara were a couple of points behind them iu the belling. Kissing Cup soon put his backers out of their misury by baulking, and backers of the Tracker' cuuld easily 3CC A up.ua UiAU iiUU IliUUBLUC ill il/LLi Ullli a mile from home, Furoell never made an effort to get to his hor^ until it was too late. Beggar Boy foil, and 'J he Aco wub beaten by over two furlongs. Gladstone made a bit of n flash once, hut he hadn't a ghost of a chance ot beating Tupara. The lightly weighted Lieutenant was made best favourite out oi the 1 1 runners in the Flying Handicap, and he justified bis posi tion in the betting by fcoiag ti front and winning all the way. The Stewards' Mile ended in a terrific battle between Dan O'Con nor and Boko, who lias an aptitude for just getting beat in these amateur races. The J uly Handicap was looked upon as a foregone conclusion for Little Agnes, When the bet tiug opened, the bookmakers were rushed. Mr Long's fine mare always held a handy po&itiou;, and when, the distance was reached, she drew away aud won as she liked. Twenty six faced Mr Watson for tbe Flying Welter, and so strong was the run on UJric, that ho one time touched even money, but the good thing didn't cuine off as be failed to reach Btewaid, who happened to be in the humor. This sent the bookmakers home at peace witli the world, whilst the numerous punters who supported steward in tbe open ine event, kicked themselves several times for not sticking to him. Mr O'Mara hftd everything in good crder,and th ; afternoon's sport went off without a complaint of any kind. Results.— GUAFVII/LB STAKES. A handicap of 50 govs. For ail horses that bave never won an advertised race of tho value of 45 6nvs at the ti.uc ot starting. Six furlongs. W A Long's ch f Witchery, by Splendor— The Witch, 2yrs, fist 91b... (II Cookj II C Hughes' ch c Silverionc, by Marvel lous— Si'vc* Be.'l/k'yr. , 'st 21b , (F Harris) 2 JI Harvey's b c »Stewnrd, by Weioor\t: , iack— Stewardess, 3yrs, 'st 111b .. (Barker) 3 Other starters : Wabley (M Gallagher), Loch Kua (fichafle), Perseus (Lennon), Kuavcsmere (Durston), Osculutui {.I Gal lapksr), Belle Arue (Onlliuan), FasiiiJe (II Fielder), Mount Victoria (Kcriviner), Egotist (W Wright), Rillyingra (Bushcll), Alaska (H Gough), Inertia (E Cleai), Lodger (D Cook) Robin Hood (Luckraan), lteyu Brumtnell (Tindali), Ride-a-Wee (Cfianfe,, Broom (P McCarthy), Baunterer (Cowau). Bettiug 7 to i v Oftculator, 3 to 1 Witchery, 7 to 1 Silvertoue und steward. S 3 Alaska and Louh Knu, 1'J to 1 inertia, Pastille, nnd Perseus. Knavcsrocre began badly, but the others got off on 1 airly *ven terms. When they were well on their legs .Steward shot to tt ? front and led them a merry dance, his nearest attendants being Loch Eca and Witchery, after whom came Lodger, Alaska and jDcrtia. Steward led Witchery and l.och Ena bv a Jenidh into tho straight. whilst Inertia, Dodger and bilvertonc were the most prominent of the others. Witchery got on terms, with Steward at the half distance, and at the same time fcilvertoneput in an appearance, but Witchery held her own till tbe end and won a wcli-cont69ted race by a long length, Silvcrtonc beat Steward by a head for second place, tkeu length away in a line came Loch Ena, Oscu lator and Dodger. The last of the lot was Knuvesmcre. Time, Imin 17e c. (Winner trained hy Tom Brown, Ob/ppfng Norton.) THE STEEPLECHASE, A handicap of AO sovs. Second horse 5 sovn from the prize. About two and a half miles. J 0 Booth's br g Tupara, by lngomar, aged, 9st 91b ? (Death) 1 Messrs. Dargin aud Key's b g Gladstone, 6yra, 9Bt ? (Magridgc) 2 S Fox's b g Rlacktrackcr, 5yrs, ttet &lb; (G Piiillips) 3 Other slarten : Kissing Cup (J McCrow), Beggar Boy (Whalley), Mellon (Howard), Parnell (F Regan), Tne Ace (J Hurley.) Betting : 3 to 1 Blacktracker and .Kissing Cup, 4 to J Parnell, 5 to ] Tupara, 7 to 1 Gladstone, JO to 1 Beggar Boy. Parnell, Tupara and Blacktracker Jed over tTeble, whew Melton and Kissing Cup baulked, Tupara went to the front along the river, attended bv Blacktracker and Pai-nnll Blacktracker closed on Tupara the second time round, and tbe pair raced away from theoteers* Tupara shook Blacktracker off at the last fence coming away, and winning easily by four lengths from Gladstone, who passed Blacktracker in tbe straight. Parnell was fourth, 15 lengths away from the winner, whilst The Ace was comiug around the home turn ae the winner passed the cost' I Beggar Boy fell at tbe third last ianm I Time 5min 21£&ec.; I (Winner trained by J C Booth, McorefieldY m THE FLYING. HANDICAP, 1 ? Of 60 eove. Six furionga. fl F Moore'e b g Lieutenant, by Beauchamn I ' —Spring Blossom, 3yis, 7&t; 31b .J, m (H Fielder) t, I H B&ynoFs; br f Aurea, by Abercorn-1 9 Aurelia, 8yrs, 7st 01b ... (LucLman) fl! ? W A Long's ch f Ury, by Splendor-! 9 lianfcsia, 2yrs, 7st filb ... (Ke&a;) »( | Other etartei-8 : Y&nitas; (F Fielderv I Buccleugh (M Gallagher), Thespian {ft I Gougli), Punehestown (D Cook), Fusil (S I Chaafe), Duke of York (McRamaraM .1 Ruseett (CoDDorej, Koid (Collinan). ' ' fl Betting : 2 to 1 v Lieutenant, 4 to 1 I Punehestown and Ury, 0 to 1 Aurca, 7 to 1 I Thespian, 11) to 1 Duke of York, lfin'id, and I Buccleugh. 7 ? When they we re settled down Lieutenant ? went to tho front, and led from there out/ fl winning easily by four lengths; Aureawat ? second, four lengths in front of Ury, then ! I two lengths away, in a bunch, came Duki I of York, Punckestowu, Thespian, ivntd, and; I Vanilas. Fusil was a long lust. Time, Imfc I B 17scc. B (Winner trained by McAuIiffe, Moorcfield.1 1 fl STEWARDS' WILE. B A handicap of 50 sovs. For all horses. Tr fl be ridden by amateurs. LowobL weiehS B list 71b. One mile. ' r fl J Gough's ch b Dun O'Connor, by Mar- fl vellous-— Mavournecn, 5yrs, 2st 121b 'i fl (W Benson) % fl J Tolloch's cii g Boko, by Splendor— fl JcwrU, flyrs, lost 51b (W fl l'yc) g; fl B1 S Cousin's b 1) lilton, by Sweet wiil fl liao. — jdinuet, 4ytt, list 91b ? fl (WE Ramsey) $ umcr HLaners : nauater (A u UUcrson) H *oofij(E D.uu-ei -, Kbooy (W. J£. Manning fl Varatub Hilly), llavimuu (.J T Cox), ) fl Retting : 5 to 2 v. lkiHater, 4 to 1 Boko) fl . to 1 L'au O coiiuur, fi to 1 flavanna and fl Ulon, S to 1 Luuiti, 10 to 1 Liuny and fl Varalali. Elton cleared out with tbe load when tbe vord was given and led for half -a-mile where fl ho bold (with tho exception of Waratati fl vho was tailed off last) clo&cd; upon him. t waa a pretty race to the turn where Dan fl )* Connor forged to the fronton the outBide vhilsi 'BaUator slipped upon the rails dallater was done with at the half distance' md Hoko and Dan O'Connor fought ont a jrcat finish which resulted in a half-head via for J.)an O'Connor. HI ton was third two engths away, but only a head in front o£ Jal later, ten lcugths behind \vhotn- catno ICbony and Boots with Warutati a Jong last rime, /mix* 4^sec. ^ (Winner trained by J. Gough, Jtandwick), THE JIOPI/IM lit .101. Y UASDIOA!', [4 mile and lOQyde, of 100 soys, becoo^ ^fl horse KJsova from tho prL.c. ^fl [Ion W A Long's b in J ft tie Agnes, bv Trenton— Dauiu Aynes, -lyrs, Sst lib (KUcridge) 1 Rrownand Rifby'© b g Magnus, by Giand- ' master— Miraim, ugud, 7st 31b (Lubheli) 2 r M'CurtUy's cb g C'livc, by Cliveden— Yolandc, -lyrs, 7stli.il b (.M Lelanv) 3 Other staitc'.s; Cadet (Monvu), Aureus ^Gardiner), Tridcntalo (Cox), The Trier fl [Conloa), t ^Ta.de (Oical), 'I he hwcll (Harris), fl Bliss (Cook)' Yeco (Wright), LUluieny fl (Lamb). fl Retting : 2 to 1 Little Agues, 4 to 1 Clive, fl fito 1 3'naentaie, s to ) The Sw ell .-tud Mag- fl nusr 10 to J Cjadlc aud C'auut, to 1 the -fl Otl'.CIfi, fl rollowing his usual cutting. down tactic?, fl Cft ict went to the front as sorm asthefla^ fl fell, and ma k the puci merry to the bend, fl where Magnus and Miss closed on hi to, fl I lure 3jitt:c A^ncs made a fonvuvd move in euiunany witu Olive, who Lad run iu tho fl rear 01 the field mu&t.; of the way. fl Once fairly in the ttraiglil Little Agnes fl 6ni)cd away and won easily bv t wo lengths fl from Maguus, who Leal ('live by a neck fol fl 6ccoud money. '1 he Swell and Ycno were fl close up fourth, then in order came Bliss^ fl Cradle, and Cadet, the last to tbimh were TridcuUti; and Aurous. Time. 2min lfijuecs, (Winner trained bv Tom Browu, Chipping ?Norton.) fl THE KLVl.NV WELTER HANDICAP fl Of 50 sovs. lowest weight Sst. G tnr^ongft II Harvey's b c Steward by Welcome fl Jack— Stewardess, 3y rs, ;-dt (De.'auey) I fl JJurd'ficb b (Jiric by Manini Henry— fl Uralla, 5yrf, 961 31b ? (Kl!i&) 2 fl 8 Fielder's br g Fanoply by splendor— fl ? Ksporance. 4yrs. HIsl Mb (C Fielder) 3 fl Other starters^ G'oiirallio -.Jas Cough), fl Atirea (Gainsford), Ucaufert (J Dclancy), fl Sir Charles (C&Uinnu;), Rctbjl {Morns), fl Comet (l'ierncy), Liincljcgtnun (Ncrricker), fl Reconstruction (Keating), Ro:-e Mella (11 fl Cook), .Messenger (Conlon), Five Guineas fl (late Whirlwind) (lic::au), Cambri.h'e fl (Barker), Keko (Jno Cough), Te^grara fl (Lcadbjatcr), The 8knlch - M'illiniiiP). Car- fl bonadc(l' Harris), Result (Kndwell), I'uit- fl land (lioadi), 1'ebblq ('. iuilaghoi), 1'ercy fl (ITeciiind), iVirdoo (Durptou), Alatka (ft fl Cough), Icortin (Cox). fl Kcitine: ; 5 (o4 v Ciric, G to I CcUujl«cci fl Comet, 7 to 1 I'anoply, 10 to 1 Mr Ch:uU% fl Cambridge, and Runuhcstowu, 12 to SI Nnrdooaad Aur.ja, N to 1 Muward, Alasfci, fl and Courallie, to 1 mber.-:. fl Steward, Faunplyl J'urtland, Clric, and fl Cambridge were the first a*uy. Steward fl Epium shot out, aud showed the wav into the fl h-tiuight to 1'auoply. Comet, Ulrlc, and fl Bethel. Stewurd hold }ii«. own to the end, fl notwithptandiug viperous challenges from fl IHric and Panoply* aud w-»n by a leugtb and fl a half. CJiricbeuL 1'auoply bv half a lwig'h fl fortwConl rlaco, AUvkn. was fourth, Aur-a fl fifth, dud then came Ksrdr/O, cjr Charles, fl aud Buliicl The last to finish were SketeU anil 1'cblde. Time, Luia 17{scc. fl (Winner traini'd by W Dugt:aa, Randwick.) fl *'0- V./.'.O. R 1 t'M oUitr ty'i'i'li ,fi-e j-vjt 5. J. P. liundy informs me that be did not ^^fl write that letter to the ' Jc- bdtmesbnrg 8tor,' whicb \vu printed Just J/opnys he wr-.ti a letter to a friend, but he did not ^fl stato half what was iu Uic 'Ft:tr' Icltcr, ^fl especially with lorrard. to .Mr. llmlcm's riding. With iciraid to that he a*-i ^fl he would like tn have Mr. Jlof.i'in'a ^^fl riding. He has written to tb.e ' Star ' eufl? tiadictiug tlicij lotto,'. ? *.f Mr Pain T-Jn:dem luu sold Vf. ^tmloch ^fl ('mlin in untin^ fnc o lio'.. I, I ui'rt splendid iouT-iti-Up.pd Kama his own breeding. Cannon has loft for liifi now ^fl home in New Caledonia. He Iirs been chased by a rieU syndicate over th'/e. Tbey bave purobused thirteen highly ';r:d marcs in IGuukud to mate with CnniuQ. Tho Syndicate were after a scion ol iho house of Musket, and went to New Xuala'id ^^fl to get a Musket or a Nordonfeldt hoi^e. ^^fl Tho ouly one thoy saw there to suit thi-m ^^fl was TiraBcur, but his prjoc' was probd-it- ivc, ^^fl Cannon waa the neNl beet-shaucd Mufeki-v bred borse od the znaikct, 60 tbey secure! 