'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Gn^ST ') ' But that I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up tby soul. ' — Shakespeare. Every man seems to possess the idea that becun instruct every other n. an in religion and morality, or some other sibject. It can be (seen in the Salvation Army, in the politician, on every city wharf or park, in churches, and truth compels me to say so, in the ttress. Man is in about his happiest mood when lie can rear himself ou his hind legs and dictate to some other fellows. The latest developmeut of ibis trait has come to light in the antics of the Victorian Supreme Court Judge/?. Every Sunday lately, one or the other of them, has been local preachingor tempcrance lecturing around Melbourne. . Judge Williams, not content with weighing out moral discipline to erring natures on week days, has manu factured a new religion for spiritual comfort on Sundays. He founds it on an inverted line of English poetry (not the old fashion Bible style), and starts off with ' He liveth beet who loveth best.' Now if thia sort of thing spreads, wo may yet see our P.M. preaching in the Academy on Sunday after uooub, aud our C.P.S- delivering tracts at the door. Or perhaps Judge F -rbe^ uext time be comes, holding a Bible Class in Tat's smoking room ; aud if be could get Hughie, i estie and Sholto, to turn up and read it m-ght be an effort well directed. Hi * * ** He liveth best who loveth best.' All th'.: fellows around here who love he-t seem to live worst. There was a local beuedict a week or so ago who was beyond a doubt loving his best in a ccrtain direction, until his spouse discovered them in a compromi sing attitude. He liveth awful bad for a week or two. v The coming regatta is arousing some in terest, and altho, tho bportiug editor may object, the opportunity is too goud to miss piophesyiug. It'u another trait lately developed in human nature, the delight in gjv.ug the ' tip ' t - some other fellow aud making him thiuk you really know some thing when you don't know a baliy thing about it. Now I don't think even ' Mas cottc ' cau give a butter tip than mine, and when the race is over I shall he able to point out bow I did it. H (accent on the if) Hay don't stop 'em lCchuca must win. If that ain't a dead bird ' strike me lu.ky.' *# They've come hack. Those bold and daring adventurers who started out a few weeks ago straight iuto the desert aud wilds of Australia to seek the precious metal. Rumour has it that they found plenty of gold, but seeing there was a bloke in charge of it, the? had nothing left but to return. Those persons who stated they came back as soon as they had worked up a good thirst Bhould be treated with tbe coutempt they deserve. ' Coolgardie Tota ' now contem plates writing a book on Australian gold fields to be edited by Bill Firminger. * * * Bicycle? are likely to become common in Hay, and excursions into the country promise pleasant recreation. The track which is most likely to be used by at least one of the conitug wheelmen, is the . Booli gal Road as far asOueTree. Fred has his eye on' that celebrated hostelry as the j terminus of his trips, if not of his hopes. 1 His password has been selected, and al though it is supposed to be a secret, is no. so to me, and is ' Polly put the kettle on.' The track has recently been inspected by Fred, and since then she has been like some loue bird without her a- Mate,' and he goes about with a forget-me-not in his button- i hole. '| j * * I * A week's graft at an uncongenial task takes all the blow even out of a footballer. Taking a poJlard distributor round the dis trict to sbo'w its qualities, turned out any thing but a pic-nic, as one, ot. the chatupioi ivgoal kickere^vipiinrt out recently. Football ' is play ; the rabbit cart busioess was work, and a little of it sufficed, aud the conductor j was homeward bound before Adelaide ' Or I even Broken Hill was reached, The driver 1 of this cart was passed on the road home uear Gordon's Hotel, looking as if there was nothing left -worth living for — weary and du6t stained, and thfl &tirring; words *' Soots wha ha'e ' could net arouse a breath of en thusiasm in him.' The rahbite about Peven seV are jubilant, Qnd would, were they able, raise a' monument to the memory of bis failure,1' ' '' Some men are bora to greatuesa ; others have it thrust upon them. Who. does not kuoyv the plump genial ** Baron, 11 and who amoug-utf have not smacked our.iipB.4-yer his hup oeert? tUa V^ourfcly meini'f is nbw not only known here, bub is even discussed in Knglbnd. 'Fancy his Baronial 'Highueaa being discussed iii Church -circles, ar.d his mbnderju' dress has beeu described iu an English publication and 'himself quoted as ?* th© legal go-between' and 'lawgiver for the sometimes dcfapised Chinese (if liay. If this is not greatness, where am I to find itt Some people -would give a great deal to see their -uamea in print, but uut if they have 1md too heavy a night-cap and found their way into tbe arms ot ft policeman. 