The Midnight Marriage. CHAPTER XXL OOJ,I) AND HMA.Y. U Louis Bartholrly died! Could I (jo to liajipit'O'R inly over liis gravo ? Heaven forbid !' £ snid, with a rack ing, pang. Like a vision tho whole: thing passed over my mind throujili fcliv 'moments of tliat Ions?, terrible watch; for though itwiiKorilv.ii f«w hours it scHinud to mo like a ? lifts-time. Every scco-id was told with it throb of tO'tuiv. Shall I yae- that I, 1 10, was .taken u» into 11 hiyh mountain to bo tempted? A little ne&lcut;, Home fatal omission, and the balmeu miuht be turned, tliu case, decided by other hnnds than tnino. 1 saw the IWy ferial before 1110. If Muriel became my wife would L not. always w-nder--if I held bur whole heart? If somo i-tray tidings from this dear friend even- brought a (lush t her oliHBk,- would I not ask myself a hundred agonizing questions ? But t. give her up! O.'i. merciful Heaven! how could I ? Heaven bostowed upon mo strength not only to do my Jnty, for I think I could not have bpen so cruel and cowardly in any event as lo turn traitor in this rlosiierate hour. And through those watches I thought; of them both, wondering thnt I had never obsfiffod their peculiar fitness before, and the eharm that was sure sooner or later to draw two such natures together. I could not dint nut the awful misgiving that Muriel did love him, and had been trying to stille the voice of her own soul. Doctor Markham eatno in at day break. ' Heavens ! You look like a corpse yourself, Mae.'lonald !' ha exclaimed. ' 1 did not think the end would come so soon — and you alone ! Why did not Wools remain ?' : He is not dead,' I. said, with strangling hoarseness. ' What have you done ? Hia pulse is stranger — and tlia fever fought to a shadow !' ' Me was dear to me,' 1 replied. ' How could I see him die ?' ' Does your faith or will keep people alive ?' and lie eyed me curi ously. ' Sometimes,' I iua.:lo answer gloom ily. ' You have exhausted yourself, f-oul, hotly, and nerves. Now you are to He down here and talcn this draught. Sleep if you can. I will watch Bitr tholdy.' There was an odd, licy impurinusuess I about the man that you could hardly I gainsay, so. L submitted. 1 And you think ? ' I said slowly, turning my eyes toward Louis, 1 That-you have worked a miracle.' Do you want more p -aise than that ?' 'Then Hie will live !' 'ThereMs a liopp, certainly.' I laid down and turned my faci; to the wall. It was all in Heaven's hands!. If Lou:a lived mv path wouM be droarj, but for all tbi»t I prayed. I o'iuld not sleop. hut the rest did me S'liuc good. Markhuin was w.ite'i ing ewry brea'h. The huu-lromo face was fearfully paio now. the temple sunken, the whole expresMon sh.irp and iln.wii. The sun bad' risen, and I wnnt out io breathe its warmth and brightness. How strange Hie moving li/imtj looked to mo — as if I bad j.ist come from another world. I waii'leced ? around a while and thru went to' tho Q'litidls. M'urinl came down 10 the library. She, tno, was deathly ? pale, uud looked ns if she bad not ►lept. T'io almost colorless lips quivered as they U'ind to shape themselves into woids. 1 did not uut^r the worls tbat I had come to snv I fclt'thit I insist know my fine without t'ie weeks ot agoniz ing waiting ere circumstances brought it about. ' To-day will end the suspense,' J be»an, trying to steady mv voice. I i-aw the constriction of her throat as she choked down the rising sob. 'Muriel,' I said, 'would you not like to see him ?.' 1 Oh !' with a little pathetic cry, ' if I might ?' ' If you aud your mother will come at ten.' ' Ihank you.' Her voico-Huemeil' to falter through wave- of tears. She thought it would bo for the last time. Well, Unaven only knew. And if Heaven 'gave her back to me — for it must betbat alone now. Then Mrs. Quinoll came in, and wo talked a little while. 1 was rustless and hurried back to my post. A peculiar, change had come over Louis LUrtholdy. Still pale as icarolo, but; the look of puin bad passed away and left tho peculiar loveliness that cornea after death. It brought a re membrance of the old days, when 1 had no one to love save him, and had given him all the tenderness of my soul. And in that hour I was willing to sacrifice tho bust hope of my life to him. Ten o'clock, tho hour I had appointed for the iuterview, came. I hud man aged to send away the uthers, and wan alone with him when tho names were';, sent up. I called softly over the rail to Muriel. ' Will you come alone, first,1 1 said: The light step and delicate G-jure answered me. Thero was n questioning look in tho soft eyes aud a tremulous fl'itter about the lips. I cannot ex plain fcha kind of wordless entreaty, but for an instant my heart almost failed me. Louis moved a little and breathed heavily. Muriel gave a quiok sigh and glanced back at me, ' - An expression of intense pain over spread her face, and *\w threw Irr hands out blindly, an if in search of some sore support.' '' '?? 'Oh !' sho KBid, 'he is dying !' ., ' No, not (lying ;' but my voice wax unsteady. '??' ??'?'?'? ?'-''''? ?'??:?' At that instant he opened his eyes. What was the meaning of that xtrango, r,»diant Htviil'' ? : A look'.' ho. blissful that Heaven itself might have been woniri it, 11. satisfaction pure and peaceful, that stirred the profoundesr. depths of mv being. Then he strotclwd out his hand. She knelt at the bedside,and pressed her lips to th« wasted fingers, while brow and nock flushed with, a faint, wavering pink. : I tuned I to the window. A man's passionate, jealous, despairing love was strong upon me, dying bard amid tbi--08 or; anjiuish. How loni; I stood there I know not. /. felt the soft hands in mine at length, and .tho fair face, batbed 'in. tears, wa-- turned pleadingly toward me. 'You will forgive ?' she murmured. ' You will n .t grudge him that sm.ill caress? I owed him so much, for be was so tfir.dur nnd watchful, too. And it is the last time, the last dear time ' Her voice, sank away, and the con cluding .tvordii seeinod a faint sound, just under her breath, but I was in a state to translate the most secret aud f'nr-hidden thought. Yes, she loved him ; but it was with the pure, passion loss love ol! nn'iinjfl, dreaming of no rotu'-n here upon earth, nor desiring it, so well had she schooled herself. ' My darling !' 1 clasped bi-r to my heart and felt the sob.'! tbat had no sound aud yet s!-ook her light frams-. Aivl at tha' tnome t Lmnde my resolve. ' Not the last timu,' I. (?aid slowly as if I was pouring out my life-blood drop by drop. ' There is' a hone for him.' 1 did not dare to look at her fnci; a.'ain. Presently I wont down stairs tind summoned Mrs. Quinell. spiiringeyes had failed to understand. She gave me a quick, questioning glance. Louis had fallen asleop again ! 'Ho* beautiful!' Mrs. Quinell ex claimed, hardly above hur breath. ' It is more like a picture than anything bu 'inn. It is not death, but rather a glorified hope' Muriel started with a sudden con vulsive thrill. One moment ashen pule, like some fair bowed lilly, then the waves of secret joy rose in crown ing scarlet and drowned out the chill despair. Yes, they rightly belongc.1 to one another. I held her promise sacred as her own life, and his honour and gener osity \\\vi'i» above all doubt. I could seal tho clasp of my own happiness, it I so elected, and those t.vo heroic souls would never utter a breath. .of protest, Hut -lid 1 ilesint it now? After that day Muriel and her mot'it-r came frequently. The crisis once safely passed Louis' convalescence whs very rapid. I hud taken up my aliodo Ht hi» rooms, making daily calls u| on Mrs Warren, however, who had a mot-'ur's sympathy for us all. ' I owo 3'ou so much,' Louis began one morning. ' Doctor Markham in nisii;' that you saved my life.' ' Y'ii would have doiin the aamo for me,' I .returned. 1 Yi'S, glii'ily. For your own sake and that of another.' A , eculiar shade Ilitted over his (i 0 countenance and deepened into pt.i plfNin.' thought. ' Every on 1 joins to do me honour,' lit'ttimton slowiy, the eyes settling hit1) a dreamy smile. ' I ain feasted iiife a prince.' ' You come into the privileges b » fore the ti le,' I said gayly. ' 'Are von nor. tating the Quinells to much ?'. he asked, after a long I'''''-. _,. . .. ? ? It is Mrs. (.imnell s delight, blie never tin. roughly iippreciatcd you be fore.' ' She owed you so much more ? ' ' I don't, know,' I interrupted warm ly. ' We SL-omvd to have shared alike in the w-irk. I couM hardly have re stored Murittl'to her mother if yon had not found her in that most critical moment.' He shut his lips tightly over a sudden sharp pang. I sat down on the ottoman on which his iVefc rested, but tho face was turned quickly away from me. 1 felt a shiver speeding through the hand I clasped. ' Louis,' I began, 'although 'my voico was husky with the stress of pain, 'ill. I had been blind heretofore ? ' He gave me a hurried; questioning look. ? You have been blind about nothing. N'o brother could have been more t nderor thoughtful ' ' Then let tun prove my claini to 'brotbership. I know (lie secret buried between you und Muriel. ' II usb ! You have no right. And ilun she loves you !' llo was fearfully pule and his li/ure swuyed almost as if it would havi fallen ' 1 must speak, and you shall listen. [ know now that you love Muriel Quinell. and sho might have loved 'you.' : But does not.1 The high, heroic smile was like a martyr's. I knew well that when it came to this he would niak-o an cirnost protest. ? ' Yes, sho loves mo ; .1 will not deny thai'. It is the truest and tendcrest gratitude, und sy to pithy hardly lees trtnn an angel might give. And that I lovo her I am not ashamed to confess. It',1 lias been partly her mother's in fluence over a loving and grateful soul, and my own hast/ impulse. She .would givo her very lifo for my happi ness;1, ' L-t that satisfy you.' ] ' But it docs not. I have read her bettor tbaa she understands heracii.' ' Oh, Wilfred ! my friend, listen. I d'd love her, as Heaven above knows ! The day I found her in that old ruin, I was wild with an absorbing p .asion, but fate, ..which rules those things winoly, mad* it impossible for me to spsak'. .1 kisRed my secret into her pale lips, but her noul was pure and free. 'A little later the knowledge was revealed to - me that you too iovod— — ' ' 'And you were too noble to boeome my rival,' I interrupted. 'You, stood aside, wore grave and cold ta her, and let her drift into a mistake that might have been tatal but for your illness.' ' Then I confessed ! Clood Heavens ! why was- not .hiy- tongue dumb or frozen with the power tbat held my nenses in obeyance ?' ' x\\.nd she came when we feared the worst. Ah ! T learned ho.' secret then. Shall I be less noble than yon ?' ' 'Oh! why did you not let mo die;-' he asked, in accents of profoundest grief. ' Because Heaven . meant that you should live and be happy. .. Will you refuse his sift because it paises through my hands ?' ' Oh, my friend !' I felt the warm tears on my hand. I knew then that I hsul gained my cause withojt further pleadinir, and though he rn'ght bo delicate and proud about it for some time to come one glimpse at Muriel would banish the last si-ruple. By-and-by I rose and went away softly. My duty was but htlf done. What it cost me to give M'uriei her freedom I cannot put into words. I fourifl her as resolutely bent upon sacrificing herself as even Birtholdy could huve desired. But. since I had not what was finest and best in her soul, why should [ «o over thorns to reach it, and fail at; tho List ? ' You must despise me,' she said through vehement sobs. ' Can T have any heart to be thus m sera'ilf and un decided, to chance at a word or alo:-k ? Yet Heaven will bear me witness that I meant to make you happy — that I would have done it. T n- ver fancied that ho cared more than a friend rnisrlit, and 1 — we owed yon so much ! Oh, havo faith in me a»ain ! Let me make amends with my whole 'ifo !'? ' Muriel, we have ail made a mis take,' I said. ' And it would Its most bitter, through thn years to come, to bo continually fashioning ur.itltude in the sumblanca of love, and fail, as m«n and women have done before u«. Bather lufc us have the simple truth.' ' 1 am not capable of lovo ?' she re turned, with cruel self-scorn. ' \e;i, you aro right to de-piso me.' 'My poor darlin-j!' and I took her in my arms for tho last time, ' when you come to realise the truth of your own pure soul that Imh hud fal.ie chains bound around it,., you .will thank *.jnu for saring you from a -terrible fate — the continual struggle between daty for its own sake and duty for love's sake. I givo vou to Louis hoeiuse T can understand Uiu deep current of his affection that alone eni til] and satisfy your inmost heart Wifc'i the truest and tenduresfc love I should fail, and together we should miss the Ir-ghest happiness that human boings can know. You shall not call yourself weak or un true, for in his eyes and mine you will ever be peerless.' Mrs. Quinell 'could -hardly under stand this, and yet. she presently ad mitted that Muriel had not been as happy the past; winter as she had hoped to see her. I found her the most reasonable after all. Yet if it had depended upon the two most nearly concerned they might hiivo made shipwreck of all our hopes. Since I had resolved, however, I was determined that love should not go un crowned. ? Of my own fate I did not menn to Hiinl.- \\\rlir-rj tlinp wt'.ra oonf. it; would be time enough. I crushed out tho pangs, and thvu-it their pule ghosts in tho deepest of graves. That Louis and Muriu! were happy I need not say. They tried to temper thi'irjoy, but; it was too exquisite. If, sometimes, I had selfishly double.i, each day brought conviction. It was necessary to alter the first ar rangements. The summons for Louia was still imperative, as there wore many smaller bequests, and no settlement of the business could bu made until he arrived. Anil presently they hit upon the only true solution— that Louis and Muriel' tdiould be married, aud that Mrs. Quinell should accompany them abioad. Mrs. Warren had felt keenly disas pointod at first. ' Though' I can't tell why,' she said, 'yet I used to havo a fancy that be loved her, and I am glad to have her happy.' [ did not sue them married, but 1 went on shipboard to give them a last farewell. Never had Muriel looked more beautiful, yet the tender face had kept; something for me which it would never outgrow, and of which the most ardent soul neud not be jealous. ' But you will always bo like- a son to me !' Mw. Quinell ' exclaimed, through her tears 'It gives ino 'a mother's pang to leave you here alone.' Presently the stately vessel slipped from her moorings, and floated over the beautiful buy ; then I felt all the paiu and loneliness of being left behind. ' Louis made an odd request,' I'l-aid to Mrs. Warren. ' It was that I should go to somo place, and take you. 1 have the address here.' ' Yos,1 she returned, with a compli ance that miuht have surprised me if my thoughts had not been elsewhere. ?So I gave orders to the driver of the hack, .and then wo lapsed into silence. It was tho last day of June, :i summer day, radiant und tender, not filled with glaring heat or burning airs. ' What wo -are 10 do hero I cannot imagine,' I said, waking out of my reverie as tho vehicle stopped, ' I do not even know any name.' 'We are bt go in,' she answered gravely, and without waiting for'';nv questioning Io k, she began to ascend the ntep-. I followed in dim amaze A n«at. yet r,itli.T sfylish phee, in a most unexceptionable biouk. Mrs. -War- ren opened thp door. A pleasant hall, perfumed. with a breath of heliotrope, twojrooins, prettily fu-'iiishod, and soraV familiar pictures on the walls ; a third apartment, at the back, fitted np as a doctor's office, with all iicccuarv ap pliances, a handsome library, table, and some luxurious chairs — two of them I knew well. Was it ad roam? There was a large business envelop*1 lying on the table, addressed to me. T. opened it, and three t'o'.di.'d letters fell out, then a deed of tliu placf. In a dim, vague way I began to comprehend for the deed was made out in my name. ' You knew of this ??' I said to Mrs. Warren. 'Yes,' and shy g.ivo mo a question ing glance. Oh ! did they think t-j pay. mo 'for the best thi.ig out of my own life? 1 telt pained, humiliated. ' Let us go on,' I said, thrusting the letters in my pocket. LTp-stairs there was a sleeping and sitting-room that might have been Louis' own. Onlv yesterday I was in ic on Thirtcoiith Street; to-day it was here. All the dainty. little appoint ments that I had conned hundreds of times ; and be was right if he fancied they could be so dear to no other living soul. On the third door there were -three pleasant chamber*. Everything was in perfect order, as if one might come in and take possessi: n. '. ' 'You arc nit dspleasedr' Mrs. Warren ventured nt length. ' 1 cannot tell.' I answered wearily. ' 1 will leave you to read your letters whilolgodowu to the kitchen,' she said. That recalled them. Left ; alone, I threw mysttlf upon the Persian lounge, always my favorite, and begun to peruse, the missives. By chance I stumbled upon Mrs. Quini'Il's first. The house, an you will have guessed, was a joint gift. I bpgan in rareless, unbelieving coldness, I ended in tears. I understood then how truly dear I was to t':em all, and that ins- tend of fancying the past could be made up 10 me, this remembrance was only to satisfy a tender, lingering love that had no words wherewith to clothe itself They wanted to think of me in this place that tiiey had all beiuti (ied and a'-ranijed. Before I finished Muriel's letter I took a Jlying leap down the stair*. There in tlie darkest corner of the parlor hung a picture so c.mniniily draped tbat you could hardly ' distin guish, it from tlio wall. .1 tore off the covering with impatient hands. Muriel! tny Muriel, in something higher and finer than mere earthly beauty ! All that was years ago. I took possession of my house,- and Mrs. Warren came to do its honors. That I piWfwred I need hardly say. If some dim, lost dream has shut nut all other, faces, who shall 'blame? Mv profession is tuy one love now. But Louis and Murial are. blest beyond compare. They live on the banks of the Jihine in an o!;l baronial castle. Louis writes and entertains servants. Muriel has made tho hou?n ?jay with prattling children, aud il rs. Quinell is at the summit of human felicity. After the old passion had found rest in a quiet gravo I visited them. A summer that I shall always remumbur, a time that is still sweet to think upon. One picture stands out vividly with a weird, terrible power, in September we made a journey to one of the cities rich in nrb and troasunvi, but noiv its other attraction-! wt-ve thrown into the shade by tho appearance of nn actress, whose beauty and fauio thriller, all Europe. Kings und princes were at her feet, diamonds enough for a country's ransom had been showered upon her. Sho bad risen with a sudden bound, and what' her past had btfen no one knew. At Paris urowds had gone wild over her, at St. Peters burg she had been a very queen. The theatre was full of eager facei--. Prom palace, hotel and quaint old residences the stream had poured. The air was almost stifling; with the odor of (lowers, and like a changeful sea with the wave of costly laces, feather:*, satins and all things lovely that make tip tho surroundings of royal and beautiful women. And then she - came. The chatter was hushed. All eyes were turned at onco. Draped iu antique folds, like a piece of sculpture by a master hand, the raven blackness and wonderful length of her hair enveloping her like a shadowy garment, a ligure of perfect proportions and wonderful grace, and a face with the stirtling beauty of a 11 -nd, for it was something more than human. » , Ho \v the crowd hung u ? on hor words, her gestures',' the' 'fiery passion and blazing scorn. This is the strength, the powsr that Ikib mado ber aTcon-' qucror 1 Does sho tremble at the poisoned cup, or. shrink from the dead, white face of her rival? Ah, hero is pitiless triumph, love as dangerous as liate, a will that can no ver be con quered, but throws it.i gaugo of defi ance to the lust. And as she went on battling with doom and death her very boauty grow terrible ! Wo all started and slanced at each, other. Muriel ivns pale as some start led ghost, for those wild ayes were bent upon her, with a look that might have killed. A shudder rau through each soul. ' ? , ' 'Altheti!' _. ? Tho1 mystery that enthralled the world was (lieolosed to ua iu that vivid flush. ' AmM tht'e'e r'ngiti?, deafening plaudits, .did that q')t-'n.pf_ tragedy re. ' member one .March nig^f, whon ,tb« play had been real ?.,.,,''. No marvel- that she I r ti'nphed ,w.Ml\\- 4 v , - such' vi'Mgeful delight,, for fm.tliojr Iwijk she had loat,,;bt)c?n vanqui.-ht.il.,.. Wt)l,(f/ let lior have hVr dazzling victory! 'TiBf' *'? - hor reign otl her nuildt*' throne, with ? the cluster of purple heliotrope -ou-her- ?? ?? white boKocri. . ?- j ,. , ' ,^- lt is sweet ? for h« who haa uiissed Ibe best of liuroau'hope.-tj'.it'i.is.'.sweat for us who '-have uaineil— in love and peace and truth. My life with its lost pme is belter than hers showered with applause. And Muriel's most perfect of, ali. TI1K END. 