A «£At: GHb=T. "Perohed lika ao eyrie on a high Wetling: promontory. overlooking the Dbrnooh Firth,, id Sntheriandehire, bhsre stands so old house whioh (or fiva generations baa braved the storms and withstood the rode blasts of thai bleak wild coast. 'Stanley Manor, sathe weather-baaten man aioa ii called, baa been in' the possession of -a 'family named Auohinleoksinoe it was built, and-baa nerer changed hands. "£aoh soooeed ing generationhas evinced an inortasing pride in the ancient TOof tree whioh their forefathers set, and albeit Stanley Manor baa from its foundation been dreaded by all the eurround ing distriot by reason of its being haunted by, a ghost, the owners of the mansion bare lived on in peaceful oooupanoy, nothing daunted by the mysterious eouuda which are often heard * at dead of night, and the timid looks of erst while visitors when approaching the uncanny dwelling. Singular to relate the ghost of Stanley Manor never assumed the same form twioe in euooeasion. At times it appeared as a shadow passing SMiroas a room, again the firm military tread of a man marching through the hall at midnight, or anon the low moan of some one in suffering would resound throughout the , suoterraneous vaults beneath the dining-room; but apart from the instanoe about to be related the Stanley ghost never assumed a tangible shape. | It was Halloween, and a goodly number of my father's more intimate friends were invited to spend the afternoon and evening at Stanley Manor. The gnest of the evening was a young gallant, heir presumptive to an adjoining estate, on whom my mother looked with longing eyes as a desirable suitor for the hand of my sister Phyllis, bat who in the eyes of my father, brothers, and sisters, including Phyllis, appeared as the quintessence of a braggart, coward, and fop. On the evening in question this jaokanapea was making himBelf peculiarly obnoxious to my brothers sod sisters on aooonnt of his imperti nent familiarity while addressing himself to Phyllis and to my lather by bis continuous obatter about the bravery displayed by bis predecessors in the field with the olans in bygone day*, and the total indifference to fear wbiob, through their example, had been in herited by him. Towards midnight, and shortly after the guests had partaken of sapper, a young lady visitor wsb singing, and so beautifully sweet was her voice as it thrilled throughout the spaoious room tbat eaoh one present sat in silent admiration. Towards the end of the eeoond verse a ser vant blanohed with fear, and, trembling in every limb, rudely burst into the room and shrieked— " Oh, sir, there's some one knooking at the hall door, and I'm sure it's the ghost." Had an aerolite fallen from the eky and orashed through the roof of the house no eoene of greater consternation would it have caused than the sudden inrush of the terror atrioken servant at this moment. Ladies screamed and fainted, children olung to their parents, and a favourite oat which had been dozing on the hearth rug sprang upon my mother's baok, and stood with dilated eyes and hair and tail on end glaring at the open door. . Fear was depioted on every counte nance save tbat of my father, who eat with his large keen blue eyes steadily eoanning the faoeof hie undesirable son in-law to be, while a merry smile played about the oornera of his lips as he oomplaoently stroked bie long moustaohe. "Strange hour of the night for any one to be abroad," he remarked, "go and teU James to open the door." " Ob, sir, James is frightened, and ie hidden in the pantry; be will not go, eir." "Then I must," my father rejoined. "Come with me, MoDonald, and let's see who dares disturb us at this untoward hour." MoDonald rose with a siokly hue over spreading his bloodless oheeks, and slowly and reluctantly followed my father towards the door, struggling the while to hide his fear. " Who's there?" demanded my father in peremptory tones, bnt the only answer was three knooks, olear and distinot, on the panel. The guests, most of whom had sufficiently re oovered from their fright, now crowded to wards the hall and awaited in breathless eilenoe the ieBue of events. My father now firmly grasped the door handle, and MoDonald, who was a pitiable sight to behotd, slunk behind him and peered with eyes transfixed with affright over his ehoutder. " What's there?" once more thundered forth my father's voioe, but etill no answer save the measured rat-tat-tat, and without a moment's further delay the handle was turned and the door thrown open, when in waddled with roguish blinking eyes and gently swaying neck an old white goose. 