Roman 'Catholio. ToE Fecond Plenary Council of the Roman Catholio Church in Australia was inaugurated at St. Mary's Cathediral on Sunday. Twouly-ono hislops took part in the ceremonials. The sermon was preached by 1)r, Gallagher, Coadjutorifishp o.f Ooulburs. Dr. Gallsgher wild thlit tor thoeceond tlimo inside 10 yentars theo Epicpatdi of A.rsialli weeo as?embled iii Plenary Council in thu?t osthel ithtrch of the metro politan city of tle Southern world. Attlho dtoii'.it their illustrious Pontiff, under the lIresidenoy of the Cardinal Arohbishop, Apostolio Delegate; tlhey had come together to draw up those decrees, and to de vise those means which, aftr.mdturao deliberation, their united wisdom and experienco, assisted by the Holy Ghd~it;dcideiaied imidst aitile fdr th trite pro gress of their great eountiy, the preservation and diffusion of faith, the improvement of morals, the interests of teligion, the greater glory of God, and the salvation of immortal souls. The aim of the august assemblibs of the Church in overy age and in every Christian land had ever been to maintain rorevoled truth, to condemt heresy, to uphold uni formity and sanctity of dicipline, to relieve the poor, to battle for.tlib oijpressd,, to addvance the canise of semnbo diid lmowledgo, to elevate mankind. After toucling upon various kinds of councils, Dr. Gallaghoer said that whoaen all the archbishops and bishops of a country or nation, or people bound together by sameness of language, of customs, insti tutions and laws, met inder a delegate specilily appointed by the Holy See, hlaving in view to trans mit sound doctrine, to Ikeep intact aind pure in their dioceses the deposit of faith, to intcrease the honour of Divine worship, to fortify the order and dicipline of thie clergy, to promote and strengthen everywhere by a happy progress holiness of morals, mutual charity, virtue, religiont, and piety, they had a Plenary or National Synod. Such was the assembly in whose first public session they were privileged to take part that day. The history of those councils was the history of the Christian faith, of the triumph of religious liberty over despotism, of truth over error, of catholic civilization over the corruptions bf tie jagiain, And over the borcarsam and brute force of the medirval wdrld. Tliat morning they had seen their Holy Mother in soffiethitg of her external splendour coming forth as tihe ''King's daughter in golden vesture osurrounded with variety." They had heard the rustling of her variegated garments as her prelates passed in gorgeous procession. They had heard the glorious music that almost shook those massive walls, nod wafted to the throne of God the profes sion of faith 'of tilhe young Church of Australia. Bishops venerable for their years, their learning, their piety, their great good works so nobly done, from the Derwenton the South to Carpentaria on the North, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, were there, not merely to contribute their matured experience, but themselves of different schools of thought and nations and tongueso to illustrate the unity in variety of their holy faith. Aiding them with: advice wore theologians skilled in sacred science and conversant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of the age. And pristse, broonzed with the heat and bent with the labours of the day, whom their fellow-workers had chosen to represent them in that great ecoles iastical senate of the southern world. Hardly an order in the Church that was not with them that day. After alluding to the characteristics of some of the orders represented that day, he said: " Herae, too, is St. Paul of the Cross, to whom our Holy Father looks with affectionate regard as one of the chief instruments in that which all good men have so much at heart--the reunion under one head and one shepherd of the Anglo-Saxon world." And all, whether of recent institution or tracing back their origin to the twilight of Christian history, men of the age, striving to correct its mistakese, but cheered by its hopes, marching in the very van of its progress, blessing its achievements of science, and its victories over the forces of naturo--their feelings in touch with its noblest resolves,. and their hIearts in thorough symnpathy writh its loftiest aspira tions. No fossils they, no mummies taken from an Egyptian museum, no ghosts of a vanished past brooding gloomily by the doors of sepulchres, which shall never be opened; bhut aglow with all the healthful vigour of young life, with breasts heaving and panting for the fray, counting their host and well acquainted with the tactics of the oeneomy, yearning to enter the lists in every form of glorious but pacific struggle-as did their prodecessors of every ago -for truth, for virtue, for justice, for roli glon, and for God. Their bishops met together to promote those varied objects which woieo connected with the spiritual interests and more extended in fluenco and usefulness of the Church. The special objedt of this second Plenary Council was to con solidato the work so well begun in the first council of 1885, to secure the more complete execution of its decrees, to promote uniformity and holiness of discipline bybringinglocalvariations (if such existed) back to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend their system of parochial schools, to con firm the faith and itcrease the fervour by quicken ing the zeal of their people, to infuse fresh aep and life into every branch and fibre of the heavenly vine which their great predecessors planted in the generous soil of their beloved country. 