Horseshoe Luck. In Morocco iron is considered a great protec- tion again demons, who are the lineal repre- sentatives, after all, of the hostile spirits. Hence it is usual to place a knife or dagger under a sick man's pillow, his illness, of course, being attributed to demoniacal posses- sion. In India the mourner who performs the necessary but somewhat dangerous duty of putting fire into the dead man's mouth carries a key or a knife in his hand to keep off the evil spirits. In short, a bit of iron is a very useful thing to have about you at any time if you desire to escape the unfavourable attention of the ghosts, the trolls, the fairies, and the demons generally. This is good reason for buying a pocket knife. It is also a reason for nailing up a horseshoe. "But why a horseshoe in particular," you ask, "more than any other odd piece of iron?" Well, primarily, the good luck depends more upon the iron as iron than on the special shape or function of the horseshoe as a horseshoe. But there are also many reasons why the superstition should happen to fix itself more particularly upon horseshoes. We must re- member that in Europe, at least, it is the cattle, the horses, and the domestic beasts in general that are specially liable to the hostile attacks of "the little people." Therefore the elves and trolls are most likely to be dreaded on farms or in the country, where horses and cattle most do congregate. Now, if you want to nail up a bit of iron as a protection against the fiery darts of the evil ones on your stables or cowhouses (which is the place where one oftenest sees them), nothing is more likely to come handy to your purpose than a cast horseshoe. Besides, it has obvious congruity for the place and object, and it can be readily picked up in the roads almost anywhere. Furthermore, it is provided beforehand with convenient holes, by means of which you can readily hang it up, either over your own house door or over your sheds and stables. The various advantages of cheapness, ease, and readiness for fixing would have given the horseshoe a fair start in life, it is believed, as a charm against fairies, trolls, and evil spirits generally, even without any other and more special advantages.—Cornhill Magazine. 