CHAPTER It. THE WEI.IJ HOUSE, GUNNER8BURY, The Well House, Gunnorabury, was the oldest building for many miles round- The well from which it took its name in ages gone by had furnished a wator supposed to bo endowed with great healing properties. In the early part of the last century, it was a resort of tho semi-fashionable kind, and delicate dames used to drive out from their mansions in Mayfatr, with tho riso of tho morning sun, to drink the Quunersbury waters. But tho water, it would appear, lost its healing properties aud its reputa tion, and the glories of tho Well Bousa de parted, never to roturm After that, the Well House passed through ovor a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes, _ It was at one timo the residence of a fair lady of the period, who there held her mimio court every Sunday, and in tho reign of tho last of tho Georges it was the proporty of tho fair ludy'g sou, who gambled ifc away, together with tho yost of his belong ings. Litigation ensued, and the Well | House, with all that to it pertained, was thrown into that abyss of destruction, Chancery. There it roumiuad until a few years pre vioua to the commencement of our history, I acr^uipjug daily a mora firmly established roputq-tioty ,of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. Tho walla wore mora tottoriug stands of njagonry, ovorrun by ivy ami othor craepors, tho woodwork: rotten. The ironwork Grumbled baneath the touch, and the garden wae, in summop time, one lovely wilderness of untrammelled glory. 4 <Jay arrived when the Court of Chan cery, tiretf of its work of destruction, de termmed to b&U; fc)ie placo, and Mrs Hill, Endalie'a aunt, bought it for tho prover bial song. Bricklayers, masons, carpenters twid so forth, woro set to work, ana the ror sqlf: was a pretty, comfortable modern villa, ppoyided with everything that could maVelifo enjoyable, Mra Hill had long baou ojj the look-out for such a plaoo-quiet, sooludod. situated on a road u»od by few ponplo, and abso lutely unoverlooked, Tho address was a good one, and tho Jiouso had beon so con structed that surprise was impossible. In Oaso of danger, there was a littlo window on tlio highest point' of tho roof, from which tho approaches on all aides could be sea# for a uiile round, and although attacfc wo3 difficult, the means of escape were well j>roy}d$d tor, At tho aamo time, the Well House pre sented every appearance of tho highest re spectability. The staff consisted of Mike Roan, the sorving-man whom tho reader has seen, of an olderly woman "who had been many years in Mrs Hill's aorvice; and of hor daughter, who was equally devoted to tho family. The next morning was aa balmy as the previous night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well Houso, aomo of tho inmates bad boen astir from about Ave o'clock, and by sovon it would have puzzled tho shrewdest detective to find in the place a proof of the burglary which had beon committed by .Endalio Verpoint. The jewel boxes had beon burned, tho gold melted into ono lump, and tho jewels tied into littlo packets, which were secretod upon the person of Mrs Hill. Mra Hill herself was driven shottly after nine to^Gunnersbury Railway Station, whore she took a train citywards. Mike then roturned to tho Well. House, and dopo6iting in his dogcart a lady's port manteau and valine, sent word to inform Miss Endalio that tho trap was ready. Tho young lady herself stepped into tho garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been nndia turbed by aught but tho brightest aud moat innocent of dreams. Dress, face and figure wore equally charming, and lior beauty soemed to lio rather of tho frail aud fragile order than of the kind which is im proved by muscular exorcise. Had any body placed by the aide of those tiny pa tent leather shoes tho heavy Bluchers sho had kicked oft' in tho hall, and oven sug gested that she might havo worn them, ho would havo been thought mad. Endalie -jumped lightly into tho vehicle, and taking the reins from Mike's handa, drove away in the direction of Richmond. Sho had passed overy 6top of that road on tho previous night, and it moved her pulse not the space of a breath to return by tho way along which sho had toiled in tho rain with hor booty in hor pockets, and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who might stop her. The morning paper had contained uo announcement of tho burglary, but that was hardly possible, as tho news could not liavo reached Fleet Stveot in timo. Aa sho passed tho gateway of Konchief Lodge, however, she noticed a policeman standing there, engaged in conversation with what to Endalie'a practised eye appeared to bo a deteetivo, «' They've found out by this time that they've lost something," sho said to her self, " and aro trying to look for it." At that momont, a carringo and pair oamo dashing down tho walk towards tho road. Two ladies wero seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed, Endalie shot a sneerful glance towards them and I drove on, " It's no uao, my darling Angelina," Endalie said to herself, " grieving over those oar-ringa. You'll never ace them again. They'll decorate some Eastorn I beauty, who'll nevor know that you'robreak j iBg that dear little heart of yours over them." It is probablo that lmd Lady Angolma Ayot been aware of Misa Endalie Ver ! point's self-communion, sho would have 1 been inclined to feel oven more spiteful than Endalie gavo her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took tho train to Windsor, tho faithful Miko returning with tho hoavy dogcart to Gunnorsbury. A handsome, hale and hearty old gentle man, whoso white moustache and short trimmed white whiskers labelled him as au old aoldior, was waiting on Windsor plat form, in tho company of a pretty young lady, whom tho flush <}f expectation had niado doubly charming, when tho traiu from town atoamod in* Tho old gontloman's eyes ran up and down tho line of carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his search in tho person of Endalie Verpoint, ho pushed his way through tho crowd towards hor with a vigor and euorgy which prophesied another thirty years at least of hoalthy lifo. Tho young lady followed quite as dotor minedly but with less forco of onslaught upon tho throng. Then thoro came a sceno of handshaking and kissing such aa ia supposed only to happen whou young ladies moot who aro rcully fond of ono another, aud who havo uot soon each other for some days, at least. / Endalie'a belongings, together with Endalio and Miss Winnio Theveney, wore speedily deposited iu tho landau which was waiting ontsklo tho station, whilst Sir Fetor swung himself on to a big chestnut, and wna roady to play the part of atten dant equerry. Then tho cavalcade eot out for tho Rook's Nest, about a mile away. 'Vhafc Endalie Verpoint andt Winnie Theveney wero two as pretty young ladies aa might have boon found in tho Royal Borough that day could not have been de nied by any man who had eyes, nor by any wojuan, critically disposed though _ she might havo boon. Endalie, dark, with a boauty, ..but for her fair skin, of tho Southern type, with flashing dark eyes and curly dark brown hair, sotting off tin most translucent of complexions; am Winnie, fair, dreamy, blue-eyed, of tho tonderost and sweotost Anglo-Saxon type. Thoro was*"alwaya that in Endalio's _oyes which might have made a man afraid of tho character that lay behind that hand aomo face, but that Winnio was as good aa sho waa pretty might have boen read in every feature, in every lino. And it was but natural, when ono of these two charm ing young ladies wftB engaged to bo mar ried to ft desirable young gentleman, in the person of .Mr Christopher Churn, before tho end of " the month, that the talk of the moment should wander towards millinery and ladies' finery, towards dresses and bonnets aud the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie was in her brightest and iprightliesC of moods. Things had gone very woll on tho previous night, and alio waa thon journeying towards a fresh hunt ing-gi'ound. All plana had been most studiously prepared. All tho traps were well baited. A tried and trusted confede rate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of tho Rook's Nest, had measured every inch of the ground, examined every lock and settled overy path of_ escape. Every emergency had beou provided for, and absolutely nothing seemed to be loft to ohance. Failure itself could not bring detection in its track. And that was to be her laijt coup-that ono danger over, sho ljad promised herself repose and tho lifo of an honest woman. Whether the latter would prove as in teresting as hor present ono of excitement and crime she know not, but for tho moment aho longed for it. Tho thoughts canio and wont, black, grey, and wliito, but tho smilo never left that handsome face. How it affeuted hor friend who sat by her side, in all her love and confidence, in terested her not. Tho Rook's Nest vraa a pretty place, standing in about Hen acres of park-like grounds. It had originally been built by Sir Voter's grandfather, a director of the East India Company in its moat glorious days. It was a. roomy, coiuforfcabld nous®, built modestly, and with little view to out ward show, though it boasted of some ar tistic protonaiona in the Gothio windows of tho billiavd.vooui and tho library, the iron scroll-work which protected the dopra and windows, and tho stone carvings, and especially in tho marble glories of its eolonnaded hall. Ago had toned down the flaring red of the brick8 of whioh it waa mainly built, and a veil of creeping plants helped tho task. It stood in close proximity to tl>e open road, from which it w&s; sheltered by a couple of score or so of hugo and venerable elmg and poplars. The gardens and grounds stretch®® away at the back of the building as far as the eye could roach? The brightest of laughter echoed across the sward as the landau drove up the gravel path toward* the verandah of thf dining-room, )Happiuoss and good cheer and the comforts of an Englipji home. And tho dgvei at that moment, wm ! bringing tho hair* Jjito »e»t »i »s honorti eueit. 