to run edito::. Sir— When tho Kev. Mr. Hif-gg felt ho 'ought to add' his protest it was a pity ho did nut feol a5 the samu time that ho ou.;ht to nrivartpA nn r»K*?rr'n htit. ti'tiilh i« frn** mill borae ouo by fact. Charge No. 1 against Prior Vaughau ia too monstrous aad absurd for creJbuce, and defeats itself l.y proving too much. Tha Prior, asserts Mr. UiKga, 'stamps tho poor with gross iinuio riility because they era yjur.' lioih ! Ilu3 Mr. Hirrs evolved this charge ouo of tho bitterness of ti!3 heart or out of aa overexcited brain? What aro the Prior's truo sentiments about the poor? Djus ha clearly divulge them in his printed adJre-'S? Is thero any ambiguity about his words? No, uouo. Hero they arc full of pathos— ' Poverty is in itself no criino. Is has baen sanctiticd in the Divine Person of tho M:tn of Sorrows, and blessed by his invest promise — 'thd p'jor havethoGospul preached to theai''(i-.7). True tbo Prior points out thut n section of thu horcoless and destitutn poor ar« grossly im mo.al, but thiuis not *' becausothcv&ro; poor,' Lul beoauso thty are, a3 nil tho wurld k::ows, except the Rev. Mr. llij[jB, for tho 'raofiC part the victim* of drink' (p. 7). So true and real is tbe Prior'a love for the poor that an integral par's of his schemo id a 'kitehcu mid hospice, where the Fathers would welcome thu p.ior as Christ himself, and minister to their wants with their own bands' (p. l-i). If Mr. liifjgs'a letter bo not instigated by narrow bigjtry, envy, ar.d flalfish fear lest his own puckes might suffer by tho generosity of others to Prior V.iughftn'a work, Jot him prove his om cerity by deoiis— vrordH are cheap. Lot him open a kitohon and lio.ipiuo m hu own parish, and welcome there tho poor of otir city and ths half - iauu'shtid uneinyloyod and minister to them with his own hands! But it is the old story over again. Those cry lniidwt wiu do least, Judas put on » sanctimonious air whsn ho complained of this ' wuati:,'1 itnd how tha monoy 'miahfc havn been l; i v p n to thn poor,' but although bo shoskuil and put abont ho 'buttoned up his pockot wishout delay, 'and then proceeded to betray his Master tor lh» sake of fingering pome hard cvh. '2. Tha rest of Mr. Hitjjjs'd letter needs no com ment. It answers itself. It veade li!:e a page of the ravings of Exeter Hull fifty years ago. Such denniiciritiona wero swallowed in thoso days, but wo have r.d vanoed both at home nnd in th« colonies since then, and at tbo dosa of tlir* nineteenth uon tmy these rubbishy raphsodirs won't 'waah' or 'go down.' An enlightened publio will laugh at tho epf-ctrea conjured vip by tho K?v. Mr. iiiggs'amasio wnnd as raere boohy ghosts. I am, Sir, &\:., COMMON SENSE. [An 'Old Colonist' sends £- and ' Common Sense' £1.— Ed.] 