Teiniti Church isbuiiBtxCr.-- Oa Friday, at tha unanimous with of tha ?euuholden of Trinity Church, Alderman Samuel Tomkin ?oo. J.P.. tbo sola truiten of that Church now in South Australia, recommended to the Administrator of the Diocese (Dean Marryat) the name of the Rev. F. Webb, now iccum bmt of St. Alban's, Armida'.e, Vioioria, for the incumbency of Trinity Church. Full par ticulars appear in another column. Eev. Canon Poolb's Resignation.— The retiring Vioar of the Church of St. Peter, Ballarat, to which the Rev. Canon Poole is Roinfj, is the Rev. Willoujchby Flower, XI. A., who took the position in 1SSS. and was made a Canon of the Ballarat Cathedral in 1S91. The net income of the Incumbent is given in a standard book as £3G0 per year. A successor to Canon Poole at St. John's, his present Church, will, as soon as the vaoancy has occurred, ba eleoted by the vote of the Beat holders duly convened for the purpose. The Mailboats.— Both the French mail steamers will be at the Semaphore to-day, the Villa de la CiocaS being expected from Mel bourne very early and the Polynesien some hours later. Among the former's oargo from Sydney are 15, 90S ingots of copper, 5,354 ewes meats, and £10,000 m sovereijrn!. To-morrow the Britannia is dua from London, and at noon to-day the Ballaarat, also of the P. and O. Line, will tske her departure from Mel bourne for the Semaphore. The Pbice Libel Case. — The Weekly Herald in referring to the settlement of this oauG mentions that Mr. H. A. Parsons, son of the Hon. J. L. Parsons, has acted as mediator between tbo parties, and ma the result of an interview between Mr. Price and that gentle man the former wrote to the plaintiff in the late Hbal case offering to pay the actual costs incurred, £64 15s., in full settlement. The offer, of course, did nob include any apology or retraction beyond that alroady given prior to the trial, nor did it include tbo payment of Mr. Bonython's costs as demnndod in the pre vious negotiations for settlement. On Thurs day Mr. Price was informed by letter that his offer had bsen accepted, payment; to bo mada not later than noon of Wednesday, Juno 5. In order to make up the amount Jin. Price h»3 agreed to sell her property, and arrange ments have already been made to eilecS this sale, so that there i« no doubt that the money will be forthcoming. Thk Wellington MuBDE2ER.—The Attor ney-General has asked the Colonial Surgeon (Dr. P&terson;) to examine the old man, William Lyon, who was committed for trial by tha Coroner's Jury at Wellington for the murder of his wife, and who is believed to be of unsound mind. Football.— On the Adslaide Oval to day tho Souths will try oonclusions against the Natives, and as the new team have shown improved form each time they have played they should give a good account of themselves against the eenior team. The Roman' Catholic Bishop op Wil cassia.— The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic* Bishop of Wilcannia, left Adelaide on Friday afternoon by the express for Broken Hill, whsro ba resides. Dr. Dunce has been paying a visit to SycJuey and also to the eastern portion of his Diocese. On the plat form to aay farewell to Dr. Dunne were Hit Grace Archbishop O'Keily, Archdeacon Ruiaell, and the Rev. M. Dalabunty. H.M.3. Trss.— This troopship, which re cently broujrhs relief crews for II. M. ships Dart and Mildura, will leave Sydney to-day homeward bound with time-expired men and invalids from tho fleet. Appreciative.— The latest issue of the Australiscke ZiUung contains appreciative comment upon the Ikf/itter't leading article dealing with national questions suggested by theQuean's birthday anniversary. After noting theallusiona mada therein totheGerman Kaiser, the Zeitung aays : — 'The whole article is as sympathetic as we German born oould wish, and at the same time speaks for the fact that Britons and Germans regard themselves in Australia also as afnnitively related.' The Late 3on. G. C. Ha wkeb. —Admirers of the late Mr. Hawker will not fail to be pleased with an enlarged lithographed por trait of the venerable politioian which Mr. T. C. Dalwood has produced. The likeness and facial expression are true to life. Winx Sundat.— ToBorrowbeing Whit Sun day—the dayoommemoratife of the desceat of the Holy Ghost on tha Day of Pentecost— the services in many of the Episcopal Churches will be of a opeoial character. At St. Peter's Cathedral appropriate music will be performed. The Late Chaikman of Railwat Com missionehs.— In other columns is published correspondence whioh passed between Mr. J. H. Smith and the Commissioner of Publio Works in reference to the offer by the Government) of three weeks' leave of absence to tha late Railway Commissioners. On the offer being made Mr. 9mith pointed out to the Government that the delicate and com plex nature of his duties made the acceptance by him of tha leave unadvisable in the interests of the railways, and intimated that he proposed to oontinue all work during the ohree weeks so aa to make things smooth and easy for his successor, Mr. Pendleton. The Commissioner of Publio Works replied ac knowledging Mr. Smith's thoughtfulnesa in making the otf&r;, but stating that the Government wera quito confident) that no inoonvenience would result from his im mediate retirement. Further correspondence took place, and ultimately Mr. Smith retired after one half of the pvriodof three weeka had expired. Pbessing on Federation. —Since the Pre miers' Conference was held at Hobars the Munioipal and District Counoils Associations of South Australia have %t their periodical meetings unanimously passed resolutions urging tha spaedy accomplishment of federa tion. Representatives of the Associations conveyed their resolutions to the Premier on Friday morning. They carefully refrained from entering into detail*, but expressed the opinion that such a unanimous representation from tha country should strengthen the hands of the Govnrnmsnt. Mr. Kingston urbanely thanked them, and explained that until -7ew South Wnlos had takea motion tha Ouher colonies could do nothing. H* regretted that the Btress of looal politics had held the hands of tho Premier of tho mother-colony. It would be of no use for other colonies to legis late until New South Wales had done eo, because the older colony held the key to the position. Vital Statistics. —The number of births and ds»oli3 registered in the General Register OfSso during the waok ended Saturday, May 25, wera : — Births — 73 males, 69 female;. Deaths— 32 inale.t, 23 females, making a total of 102 births and GO de.iths, cranexaesa of 102 birth;. For the Diitrios of Adelaide the figures ware:— Births— 16 m»le», 18 females. D.mihs— 7 male*, 10 females, makiug a total of 3-1 births aud 17 deaths, tha excess of birth.' being 17. 