THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. AUSTRALASIAN PLENARY SYNOD. MEETINGS IN SYDNEY. THE POPE'S BRIEF AND THE CARDINAL'S LETTERS. On November 17 the second Plenary Synod of the Catholic Church ot Austral asia will be opened in Sydney. Each colony will be represented by its arch- bishop or bishop, and priests selected by the clergy of the diocese will accompany the prelates. Cardiual Moran has issued the following instructions to the bishops of each of the Australasian diocesos: — 1\. Each bishop has the privilege of appoint ing a theologian to take part in the com mittee meetings, general sessions, and congre gations of the Plenary Synod. 2\. The parochial clergy of each diocese aro requested to elect one of their body to assist as their representative at the synod. 3\. The superior of each of the religious or- . ders, having a community in any of the Aus tralian diocese Is also privileged to be pre sent. I. The clergy are requested to assist at the public sessions in choral habit, and at the committee meetings and other sessions in soutane and blrctta. 6\. The public solemn sessions will be held in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. The com mittee meetings, ordinary sessions and con gregations will be held In the halls of St. Patrick's College, at Manly. 0\. Rooms for their lordships the bishops and the clergy taking part in the Plenary Synod will be in readiness at St. Patrick's College. 7\. The first preparatory session will be held on Saturday, November 16, 1S95, at St. Pa trick's College, at half-past 3 o'clock p.m. 8\. The same ceremonial and routine of pro ceedings will be observed as was adopted at the first Plenary Synod in 1885. Appended is a translation of the Latin, brief in which his Holiness Pope Leo XIII. appoints Cardinal Moran delegate-apostolic to the Synod, and directs him as such to summon the council and preside at its deliberations: — Leo P.P. XIII.— Betoved son, health and Apostolic Benediction:— In virtue of the apos tolic ofllco committed to us despite our lowli ness by the Most High, nothing concerns us more nearly than the promotion, with what ever strength we may, of every measure cal culated to favorably and happily affect the in terests of catholicity. So soon therefore as information reached us that our venerable brethren, the bishops of Australia, with a view to making provision for the more serious needs of religion In those regions so widety separated by sen and land, had formed the design of holding a second Plenary moeting In the usual Synodal form of the prelates of the whole country, we, commending from our heart and most warmly approving of so sound and so profitable a resolve, hastened to lay tho matter beforo our venrable brethren, the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, charged with tho care of matters affecting the propa gation of the faith, and having given our serious attention to, and carefully weighed oil tho circumstances of the case, determined that the duty of convoking the said Synod and presiding tihereat should be assigned to you, beloved son; feeling assured that you, with that prudence, gravity, learning, oKperience, and zeal for the advancement of religion of which you are so worthy a model, would most fully respond in carrying out the duties as signed to you, to our hopes. Wherefore assur ing you by these presents of our special good will, we by our authority select, appoint, and declare you delegate apostolic for the convoca tion and celebration of tho said second Plen ary Synod of tho bishops of Australia, and grant and give by the same apostolic autho rity and In virtue of these letters all and every faculty necessary and convenient for tho more complcto and the moro successful fulfil ment of the task aforesaid. It will be there fore your especial care to see, particularly in graver matters touching the interests of tho country, to the observance of the directions given for the celebration of synods by tho congregation of our venerable brethren above- merit loned and of the decrees and rescripts issued from the Holy See or by the said con gregation; as well as to strive that such dis ciplinary rules be formulated as will be in accordance with the aforesaid decrees, and serve to bring about uniformity In all eccle siastical provinces and dioceses. Moreover, we command you to have transmitted to this holy and apostolic see the acts and statutes of the synod for examination, and should It so seem well, for confirmation by the. autho rity of us and our successors. So wo wish, decree, ordain, declaring these present letters of ours to be. now and for the future, firm, valid, and effective, to have and to be pos sessed of their full and entire force and to ho amplest authority in all things and in all procedures for all persons concerned; declar ing moreover It to ho tho duty of all judges whomsoever, whether ordinary or delegated, so to decide and to define in tho matters aforesaid, and every act to the contrary to bo null and void which Is attempted knowingly or in Ignorance by anyone under any autho rity whatsoever, apostolic constitutions and ordinances and all other decrees to the con trary notwithstanding. Given at Rome from Peters under the ring of the Fisherman the thirty-first day of January, ISfto; of our pontltlcaio u.Q CARD. DE RUGGIERO. Cardinal Moran has Issued letters ot convocation In connection with tho roeot- Ing ot the Synod. His Eminence writes:— Patrick Francis. Cardinal Priest under (ho title of St. Susnnna of the Holy Roman Church, by the Grace of God and Dispensa tion of the Apostolic See, Archbishop ot Sydney, Delegate Apostolic, &c..; &c.; To their most illustrious and most rovcrcnd lordships, tho archbishops, and bishops of tho churches of Australia and Tasmania, as well as to the most reveronr abhots. and tho very reverend the superiors of orders or congrega tions. and to all others unon whom it Is by law or custom, incumbent to attend at Plenary Synods.—Peace asd health in the Lord. It. is well known bow precious are the fruits which come from the celebration of Synods, and how multiplied and how singular Is tho increase that results therefrom to the strength of ecclesiastical discipline, the advance of vir tue the exaltation ot faith, the defence of tho Church, and tho glory of Almighty God. Now, whereas 10 years have elapsed since the first Plenary Council of Australia— so happy m its issue — was celebrated, it has seemed well to the chief Pontiff, Pope Leo XIII., the suc cessor of the Princo of the Apostles and tho . Suprme Vicar of Christ, that another P enary Synod should he without delay convened. Moreover, the chief Pontiff has assigned to us. unequal though wo clearly know to bo our strength, this duty that, invested with his au thority and acting in his name, we should convoke the said second Plenary Synod of Aus tralia and should therein preside. In tho exercise accordingly of the power thus de legated to us by the Apostolic See, having in voked the name of the most Holy Trinity, Father. Son. and Holy Ghost, and having im plored the prayers of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the principal patron— under tho title of Help of Christians— of Australia, and of all the saints wo summon and convoke the second 'plenary Synod of Australia and Tasnfania to meet in our Metropolitan Church of St. Mary, In the city of Sydney, on Sunday, the lith of November, of the present year. Further more we exhort in the Lord, and, as far as may ho necessary, wo enjoin and command tho archbishops, bishops, abhots, nnd all others in Australia and Tasmania who by law or custom aro bound to attend such Synod, to appear at the time and place mentioned. Should any prelates be detained by just and sufficient cause, they shall send their pro curators furnished with written authority to act at the Synod in their stead. "NVe likewise request the most reverend prelates to make known tho convocation of tho said Synod to all within their respective dioceses who by law or custom are bound or are privileged to be present. Inasmuch as It Js for the Omnipotent God alone to bestow the strength and courage necessarv for the carrying of so great a work to a Airing conclusion, we earnestly entreat our venerable brethren, the archbishops, and bishops, and all the clergy and Catholic laity to humbly beseech the Father of Lights that he may inspire the counsels of the said Synod with wisdom from on high, that ho may direct its proceedings, lend stabilliy to Its decrees, and graciously make all things con duce to the end sought for— the greater glory of Him alone and tho salvation of the souls entrusted to our care. r>i..nn frnm out- roslHf>nrp nt Svdnov. tnls 24th day of July, lSflfi.-PATIUCK FRANCIS CARD. MORAN. Archbishop of Sydney. Ry command of the most eminent and most reverend Archbishop. — Denis F. O'llaran, Chancellor. 