An Uncompleted Boinance. Adrenturc of a AV'ai hlnglon Young HI on With UlUtnken Acquaintance. There Is a flavour of romance about the adventures ot a Washington young man in this city, which smacks of the tales of the novelist. He Is only a con ventional young man in appearance, and one not given to strange deeds. In fact, some of those who know him are uncer tain whether his impassive countenance Is due to good society or to stupidity. Well, our Washington young man strol- I led into the Waldorf one afternoon while some sort oi a social [unction was in progress. He was bora 'hungry and thirsty, and his steps led from the cafe to the beautiful conservatory restaurant Several IadieB were gossiping over their late lunch. At one table sat a lovely woman, of stylish appearance and aristo cratic .mein, whose face lit up with a gracious smile of recognition at the sight of the new jomer. He would have passed her with a tow, but she beckoned him to a seat at tier side, and extended her shapely hand. ' Ah ! you naughty fellow — now where have you been keeping yourself since last summer ?' She then continued to pour out the usual strain of polite badi nage for about five minutes. 11 Oh. T hnvp b(*pn wnnrtprlnfr n mil n-1 '» he managed to put in, ' almost every where,' he vaguely replied, trying in vain to place her in memory. He was certain he must have known her some where — some watering-place acquaint ance probably. ' Everywhere but In my vicinity,' she murmured reproachfully. 'But you don't get off so easily,' she said, when he finally tried to excuse himself. ' Come, my brougham is outside — hand me out, and please don't look so doleful ! You might at least give me an hour. I've got cords nnd cords to tell you !' He took her to the carriage, and noted the smart outfit and the liveried coach man on the box. ' Come now, get right In. I'm going to take you a prisoner to the house. No,' I just won't have any excuse ; so there !' Before he knew what he was. about,; ? he was by her side and bowling along,, . up town, she all the time rattling away with social gossip of people and things unknown to him. He said something once, and saw her pause a moment and lcok at him Intently — but It was only for a moment. They stopped in front of a handsome residence on the park, and she took his arm and hustled up the brown stone stens, and into the house. In side the vestibule alone she turned, and looked ait him radiant and expectant He only fumbled at his hat. ' Why, what— who — are — you V He had evidently omitted something. But she didn't give him time to recover, for she suddenly opened the door and pushed him out into the cold world. — ' New York Herald.'. The man who refuses to pay his Just debts ls too cowardly to steal In any other way. A headless ' ghost' frightened the people of Lakevlew Heights, L. I., every night for nearly a week. Finally a cc.wpeous man living on the outskirts j mi' the apparition and gave chase. Both sprinted In a lively manner. Finally the I ghost escaped, but not without losing Its mantle, which pro.ved, to 5be a sheet ingeniously shaped with .bits ot wood. ' 