Our Tuesday's Tale. A CASE OF CONSCIENCE. There were, perhaps, a score of people in the drawing-room of Westholme Towers. The assemblage included, among others, young Radson, of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast par tiality ; Wallace Lewin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Gannan, the owner of the deinense adjoining my cousin Tom's; and Mr. Canaan's winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Cannan sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside ber, all plea- santry and courtesy. Tom—tall and well-built—showed at his best that evening—I noted it with gall in my heart, and his jovial face was abeam with smiles. His deligent attendance on Dorothy Cannan had been decidedly more pro- nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current, to the effect that be and she were to make a match of it. From my seat in the embrasure of the window, with bitterness and envy rankling in-my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might—and I detested my- self for harbouring the abject fancy— I could not help thinking of the con sequences their union would entail upon me and my expectations. 'His life only is between me and eight thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If he marries—faugh! there's an end of my. prospects. Hot only that, bis marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life—more than my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot bear to think of it.' My nerves were strained to their ut- most tension that, night. I felt un- wontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery which the near fu- ture had in store for me. And while I brooded thus darkly, I seemed to hear a voice—the Evil One's surely—everanianon whisper encoura- gingly into my ear. 'Only his life—only his life!' Thankful enough was I when Lieu- tenant Radson and Mr. Lewin, broke in upon my churlish reverie. 'What, moping alone? cried the lieu tenant cheerily. 'This will never do! Cheer up old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day.' ' Yes,' said I, wiping my brow. ' My head feels bad—it's the hot room I think.' ' Well, come out with us into the li- brary,' young Radson went on. ' Stay, though ! Lewin has just told me that you possess a museum of your own— that is, a collection of bric-a-brac silver ornaments and gew-gaws that you brought with you from the East. What do you say to displaying them to us both? I should greatly relish seeing them.' Upstairs we went to my dressing room—which adjoined my bedroom— where stood the oblong marqueterie table on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver nick- nacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which had chanced to take my fancy. 'Very interesting' said young Rad son, stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. 'Shall we go downstairs again? I hear Tom singing.' 'Half a moment' I interposed. You haven't examined this yet. I So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col- lection—an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less ar- tistic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto- rious dacoit, Lai Mapgas. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant, while Le- win stretched out his hand for the keen curved blade. 'Very pretty, indeed,' commented Had son. 'Worth something that, I suppose? Meanwhile, Lewin ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife-high above his head. 'Ha, ha !' he cried, aping the ortho- dox transpontine villian. 'It's his life or mine. Shall I strike? Ha, ha!' Radeon laughed hugely at the ex consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in which Lewin himself presently joined. Tbeu the kriss-was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room. By this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her fa ther. Thenceforward, to my 'mind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefully reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roaming in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the infer ence I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for me—thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating home-thrust— ! * Only his life—only his life!' | Wheu the hour arrived for Mr. Cannon and his daughter to start for j home, I escorted Dorothy to the car riage, Tom following at some little dis- j tance behind with her father. The! pressure of her soft^^alm still lingered ' in my hand when went up to mj room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated phrase— . " Only his life—his life !" II. After a wild tossing .about on my bed, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it a dream I dreamed then—a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me, I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. - In the dead of night, I thought that an invisible irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me, helpless against its mandates, to deeds-full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. In obedience to its behests, I dreamed that I rose from my bed, stole furtively into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss from its scabbard ; I distinctly recollect that I chuckled softly—oh, the horror of it! —as I saw the glint of the steel in the moonlight. Then, I knew not how, I found myself gliding cautiously into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep into his heart, and it was done! A cry—hoarse and appalling—broke the stillness of the night* and thfa it was, I suppose, that awakened me. I sat up in bed shuddering. Merci ful Powers! it was no dream ! The long-drawn, wail of mortal agony still rang qpon the air. It came from fcbe-j adjoining room—that of my cousin, Tom. A cold sweat pouting out, all over me I blindly crept, into my dressing room and struck a light. Yes it was no dream. The deadly krisg, lying bare and bloodstained on the little table convinced me. As I snatched . it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory .edge, the muffled groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in.my grasp I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as, roused by the outcries, the. inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken to the spot. With the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm .towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell back—dead ! • I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me, looking at me half compassionatety, balf-loathingly. I saw the fearful gosh in' Tom's. breast, from which the blood still trickled; above all, like a scar in my memory, I recall the red-tinged kriss around which my. fingers tightened convul guvely.. . When the police came .1 gazed at them blankly, unable to realise the import of their enquiries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— ' His life !' I murmured, disjointedly. 'I Was in a dream. Somnambulism! I don't understand. A crime—who says it was a crime ? . The police-inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Badson. . ' Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant, with evident reluctance. ' It sounds like a | confession. He'll go quietly, I've no j doubt. I'll accompany you, too.' So they led me, dazed and impassive j away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, ] and I managed somewhat to rally my j scattered faculties. There was no use - in concealing the unconscious parfc'I had played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. ' * It's a terrible business,' said Bad son, when I had finished. ' No, I don't blame you exactly. In. that half-sleeping half-waking state, you were hardly responsible for your ac tions, But it's a terrible—terrible business. He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I |—oonldb -bear.. Tbo -nanny instances' in wbich I was indebted to my cousin came to upraid me with the baseness of my ingratitude in over countenance ing an ill-wish towards him. And in what way would his death benefit me now 1 I could never "be rich with His wealth, nor possession of bis lands; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name and hold my memory in deserved ab horrence. Nothing remained for me but the ghastly farce of 4xial and con- - victiou; beyond loomed the gaunt, for bidding gallows. ! . III. .A man left alone with .such thoughts as mine tastes* an earnest of "death. The leaden hours passed .-slowly by, I and although I could not have been in side the gaoLover five hours, it seemed j as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Badson returned. * Phew V he said, eyeing me intently. * You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this. 'Ought not? I echoed, bitterly. ' Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin? f Come, come! itejnotso bad as all that,' he added quickly. ' I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch meithat tale about a gruesome dream ? ' What do you mean ? I cried ex citedly. . ' Why this—that you no more killed your coUsin than I did !' ' What 1 Is Tom not dead ? • * Unfortunately, yes.- But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found—wan dering half clad, and raving mad, upon the moor.' 'The. real murderer!' I repeated vacantly. ' Have no. fear; he is in safe keep ing,- now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of .course, as soon as we missed him, the hue and cry was raised, with the re sult that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atro city. He particularly gloats oyer his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without dis turbing you, after he had put it to the vile purposes conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not accountable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame—' ' But,' I interposed hastily, ' you have not told me who this madman is.' * Why, it's the man you knew away i in Jaffa—Wallace Lewin.- His friend^ were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Wesfcholtne an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of Jate been somewhat er ratic in his behavour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a* few months back in the Levant. jEver since then be has been subject to perio dic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; cerpunly nobody imagined that they froulti culminate, as they have done, in ia sei zure of homicidal mania. Wh^t : im pelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than • upon ; anyone else I cannot understand, unless, indeed, it -was for the rea son I have already mentioned—the apparent ease with which the tpurder could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Caiwau-s theory.3 ' Ah F Has Mr. Gannon been ; to the Towers? r * He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we are all at fault .with regard to Tom add Mr. Canaan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the patch for you. jAware that her father would . probably dis countenance any engagement between you and his child, because of ybur un satisfactory position financially, Tom— the magnanimous fellow—evenj hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on -condition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. . That expe dient will now no longer be- needed ; equally of course, Miss Canaan- knew nothing of these pending negotiations.' ' And she TI murmured. * Have you , seen or heard anything of her % ' Only that she is in a state of an xiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distrac tion. Her father has gone to see about getting you out of this hole, and if I might advise yon, I would suggest that you drive straight to the house, and set her at rest. Hark, added he, as footsteps drew near the cell door, ' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you oft' - 