The booths for the Traralgon Show are advertised to be sold on Saturday next, at the offices o! Messrs M'Lean, Coate?, and Jones. A Bite containing 250 acres has been gazetted a reserve for reservoir and machinery site for the WalhalU Hydro- Eleotric Power Scheme on the Thomson and Aberfeldy rivera. A heavy mortgagees' sale is advertised in this issue by Messrs M-Leaa, Coates, and Jones, when a number of township and coantr/ blocks will be offered on Monday next, at Traralgon. Parcels for the following are at the Traralgon railway station :—Welsh, Hiam, Francis, May, Anderson, Hawton, Stevens, Matthews. Rogers, Coates, Coll'ns, Msxfield, Keys, Shields, Galbraith. Public meetings to consider the propped ^oasjroption of A weiraarose the Thomson Rrner.ibove held at * H«yfieJd on Thut*da£ ahd at Maffra on Friday. The meetings are convened by Cr Rah illy, president of the Maffra Shire. The Tamlengh and Karramomns Bntter Factory Company have issued their balance-sheet for the half-year ended 15th October. . After allowing for all liabil'ties, a prcfit of £257 remains. The amoant paid for milk was £2275 ; sales of butter realised £2249 ; and £509 is yet to come in for batter shipped. Accounts for the following are ai the local receipt and pay offices :—J. Downie, M'Lean and Co., Widdis Bros., Dr Montgomery. T. Webb. janr.,. J. Thompson, Narracan Sbire, J. Aitken. Fryer and Rogers, J. H. Buckley, Dr Moir. C. H. Williams, A. de Pazânan, Dr Follerton, H. A. Bernicke, C. Deakio, W. Stewart, Rosedale Shire. At a meeting of the Traralgon Minstrel Club on Saturday evening, it was decided to give a special performance on Show night on behalf of the Mechanics' Institute. An entirely new programme will be given, by the circle, bat the comic sketch of ' W^ligner oat- Wagged,' took so immensely on its previous representation, that in compliance with general request, the piece will be reppated, and will no doabt prove as enjoyable as before. Sunday morning brought a welcome change of weather, and th? pleasant patter of rain was once more heard. The shower, however, only proved of short duration, bni it was hoped that the squalls which prevailed throughout the day would have brought np a greater downfall. This appeared to be likely of resliaation abont nine o'clock, when another sharp shower fell, making the total for the day 16 points. From these points, however, the weather nnhappily cleared, and yesterday was again bright, crisp and dry. The need of a good downfall is widely felt, fend it will take several inches to thoroughly saturate the ground and benefit the summer crops, and facilitate planting. A bit of a scare and mndercnent has been caused amongst the small boys of Traralgon by rtlmoars as to a * sprmgr heeled Jack,' who is Baid to have made a ghoBtly appearance at various places, and half frightened the wits ont of some people. The 'ghost'is reported to be, very partial to the recreation groundB and to have been there seen by several parties. Rnmor hath it that he nearly frightened a courfcmg couple into getting married, while another young man and his horse returning home on Sunday nighc were terribly scared by Beeing his ghostship stalk across the road into the show groond, arrayed in white garments etc, etc. It is to be hoped the police will watch the pranks of this fanny gentleman, (if he really exists"), and coo his humour by & few days in Sale goal, before he does misphief or gets hart. The dry and wet years of countries within the temperate zones on both sides of the eqaato- have a fairly regular cycle, bat the period is longer in the northern than in the south. In Europe the cycles average 11 years, whereas in Australia they average only seven years. This year is the dryest since 1888, Bnd the season 1888-9 was the dryest since 1868-9 the Melbourne observatory records showing similar periodic graduations for the past 40 years. The rainfall registered at gauges stationed only a few miles apart varies considerably each month, but the yearly average at each stBtion in fairly wide district comes pretty close. What makes the drought so serious this year, is that scarcely any rain fell during the past month, whereas even in 1888 about an inch of rain fell daring that month, thus strengthening the spring grass, and allowicg cereal crops to fill out a little before their growth was stopped. • . I*» -November, last yaur, i .says the " Nhill Free l'ress." Mr F. W. F. Schnltz, of Wooruk, was induced to. make a trial shipment of calreB ttf London, He selected 19 well-conditioned animals,' ranging from thiee to six months old . and these were duly tracked to Melbourne. Here, in the usual course, the calves were submitted for inspection to the Government officer at the freezing works whose daty is to see that only first-class beasts are -exported t0 London. As a result of this inspection, 12 of Mr Sbultz's calveB were rejected. Subsequently the remaining Beven were again examined and throe more were weeded" oat. The only reason advanced in justification of the rejection of the 15 calves was that they were too fat, and over the standard weight. The f.iur which had stood tbe testd were then killed, frozen, and, after tbB feeding process, shipped. In Jaly of this year Mr Shnltz was placed in receipt of particulars of tbei- sale in the liotae market. Two of the calves, net weight 492 lb.,, eold at 3d per lb., the amonht deceived being £6 3s. The other two (406 lb.) sold at 2£d per lb., or "equal io £3 ICs 5d„ Tbe total amonnt amount realised was £9 19s 2d. From this was deducted consolidated charges (including rail «nd ocean freightage to Melbourne and ! London respectively, Averaging abont per lb.) Stalling 8 8s 4d. Mr Shhltz's profit from the ransaction was thug £1 J0n 10d. j The Wflhalla Chronicle of 'Friday reporte thè illness &f; Dr Stuart, from inflamation ôf the Jongs. We heard laât night that the illness bad terminated fatally. The Bosedale Council has been grantéd ,£488 out of the £50,000 Government loan to municipalitiea, the sum to be repaid in 20 years bv annual Instalments. The Traralgon Fire Brigade were very successful yesterday at the Warragal Sports. They secured first place in the 4r-men event, and second in the one-man. We heartily congratulate them on their good fortune. The Traralgon Dramatic Club has again stepped forward to the help of the tocal Mechanics', and has decided to give the popular drama of 'Oar Boys' in aid of its fands. The performance wi'l probably take place about the end of the year, aud the members will at once commence active practice. • Rosedaleite' in the Courier says :— « I notice that a free-irade league has been formed in Walhalla with designs on the seat of *our Aloert.' Some people would voce for a' blackfellow 80 long as he was a freetrader, but as for trying to oast the sitting member because he is a protectionist, it is out of the question. Anything for a cry, however. What do the rough and ready miners of ^re about tbe woonenduties ? Th«y *s l.UÏe a W them at Sale, but Harris would be torn to pieces in patriotic fniy if Mr Wise did not happen to be a protectionist too. Mr Harris may have faults, and like a wise man he sometimes changes bis mind, but * e'en his failings lean to virtue's side.' Let him push on the Walhalla waterworks scheme, and even Cr Fogarty will forgive him his vacillation on the question of the wool duties.' [The Walhalla Chronicle adds, ' Rosedaleite' is in error in saying that the league • has' been formed. With reference to the ' rough and ready miners,' it should be remembered that they hold the power of electing or rejecting any candidate who presents himself. J 