WFEN GREEK IEETS A TALE OF LOYE AND WAR. By JOSEPH HATTON. •{Published by special , arrangement with the author. All rights reserved] Chapter V.—Sihon the Printer Fires His 1 Gun. "Bravo ! exclaimed Marie as Jaffray rushed past her, but her heart stood still almost the next moment; for simultaneously with the banging of the ;outer . door a gunshot was heard, followed by a sudden cry and the shouts of pursuers. _ . Laroche picked himself slowly up from the floor. Mane ran . to the window and by the light of the'lantern hung from an opposite doorway observed Simon the printer with a firelock) which he had evidently just dis charged. _ " But he has escaped," she said. " Yes, I'm sure of it; the saints would never permit that he should fall by such vile hands as those." "You will fall and by viler paws, you traitress!" exclaimed Laroche, wiping his bruised face. *'That would be impossible," said Marie. " You have learnt the lesson .of the aristo crats. It only needed that you should become a wanton .to make your perfidy complete." ■ ;" How dare you say that!" Marie replied, pale to the lips. "How dare you !" "Because I am your father a,nd have sur prised you with your lover, who is a spy and an agent of the enemies of France—I can't say of his country; he is a foreigner—but Paris will free herself of all such parasites." "Paris is mad," said Marie, "and I have lived long enough since my father takes me for one of the creatures who make their shame their glory. Order my arrest; it is not far to the Conciergerie ; at least I shall find some honorable companionship among your pri soners." Laroche contemplated the only human being whom he had ever loved with a passion of anger and affection, wounded- pride, and enforced admiration. The- sting of Jaffray's blow and a pang of remorse at the same time for the epithet he had used against Marie, whose young life of virtup^and courage was a perpetual reproach to him and at the same time a secret delight, struggled in his rough hard nature" for mastery. Parental instinct conquered. "I am sorry for what I said, Marie," came from his unwilling lips; "it isn't true. Yon are the only one pure soul I ever knew; on tliaf count I ask your pardon." "I-forgive you," said Marie, her eyes full of tears. "Oh, why will' you' go against me and Franco !" he said, opening his arms to her and mingling his tears with her own—this hard bitter old agent of the police. "I.didn't mean it, my girl; it's the cruellest lie I ever uttered j I'd tear the heart.out-of any. man :who said it^ and yet I have done you that wrong and I am your father." "Let it pass, dear; let it pass. He was a fugitive from death. I sheltered him from that, not because he was royalist or patriot, citizen or stranger; but he is no spy, believe me. Citizen Fournier sa.ved his life when he was a child in America during the revolution' there when Indians massacred women and children—not Frenchmen, but Indians. Why shall we French become Indians? It was an act of gratitude on his part. This fugitive, to try and save his deliverer——" But this Fournier is the enemy .of the people. You know it—you know. it. To be allied with him and his friends is treason; you know it, Marie, and you risk my life too when you risk your own, and my life is my country's; it may take it, but not for treason —not for treason. Understand that once for all. Marie, my child, my only consolation in life, think of this; I warn you for the last time. If France should one day call upon me from the throne of her justice to sacrifice you —think of it—I must do it. Don't aslc hie to do it, dear, don't ask for the last drop of blood in my withered heart—the last drop that speaks to you now." Marie was deeply moved by this appeal. She knew how hard and bitter her father could be, what a martinet he was to duty; how the influences of Robespierre and Grebauval held him bound and with what an exaggerated view he regarded every Frenchman of good family and every friend of the King and Queen, and she almost pitied him. "Father," she said, "you cannot change your heart ; it makes you love me in spite of your political watchwords, your new colors, and your new hatreds. How can I help pity ing Mademoiselle de Louvet, who has beeii so good to me? How can I help sympathising with'her lover and hating the rival who would drag a pure sweet girl from a refined and noble home to reign among sansculottes and be com pany for the mistresses of Marat and. St. Just and " ' "Peace, child ; I must hot listen to you. Be advised. You say I love you; I do ; give me a" little in return. Events are marching quickly. Throats have bled to-day for and against France. Patriotism is master. The nation rules peacefully. It will be a rule of discipline and justice. From this moment to be suspect is to be arrested ; to be arrested is to be condemned. You had until an hour ago one enemy—only one; he is now in my ser vice, Simon the printer. Don't answer me. Make no other enemy. - Be warned. Good night!" During the last few sentences Laroche had passed from the father to the officer of the secret police. His manner had become formal, his words fell heavily, his sentences were short and crisp,; there was something of a canine snap in their periods. . " "One word," said Marie. "This young man?" , : ' '■ / At this moment there was a low whistle on the stairway. "He is taken," said Laroche, " that is the signal." . "My God !" exclaimed Marie. "And the de Louvets ?' ; ■. " The Deputy Grebauval went with a com pany of the Hational Guard to. Neuilly this afternoon." " You have warned me," said Marie, facing her father, her eyes fixed upon his/ her manner calm as any heroine of the Place Henri IV. "I warn you. The safety of the De Louvets and of this fugitive, Jaffray Elli cott, are the terms of my peace with you. Such aM their fortunes may he,' so shall mine. I look to you in this, and to you only. And so, good night!" Laroche made no reply. He turned as if he would, but the next moment he was gone and Marie stood listening to his firm, steady tread and heard the door close upon him as he left the great rambling house of many tenants. Now Marie Bruyset was a spy. Jaffray Ellicott was little better. They were both living among the peoplo against whom they plotted, not for scrip or fee, not in their own interest, not of malice prepense, but out of ■very love and purity. Spies all the same. Nearly everybody was a spy in'Paris at that time. Neighbor spied on neighbor, friend on friend, relative on relative, each for his own sake, some from spite and vengeance and a thirst for blood, others to saveitheir own necks, many for no reason in particular, but all actuated by the satanic spirit of the'times, whirled hither and thither in the dance of death that went on day and night to thft sound of drum and trumpet, the clashing ;.o£ bells and the chaunt of the Carmagnole. ■ Sitting aloft in her garret with her minia turesancllierprints, herlittle stove andhercleau carpet, Marie Bruyset could'hear the music all the. time. It was like living on the ; skirts of a fair, with its eternal shows" and' shooting galleries, its tintihhahulary invitations to un natural wonders-and its hurly-burly of human shout's and showmen's cries. It savirled np and down the outer frontiers of the'Rue Carnabe, but had never found its way into the precincts of/the old courtyard with its tubs of laurels, its ladders, its drying clothes, and its romping children; for children.romped and played and. men and women made love and were given in marriage, and there were quiet families that partook of their quiet dinners \ and spent musical.evenings all through the Terror/and its storm of blood. The father of Jaffray Ellicotfs little hostess wa« Eugene Laroche, one of. the most uncom-' promising agents of police in the employment of the Revolutionary Tribunal. When Marie !/waa a girl of 15 her mother died of a broken heart, caused by the dissipation, infidelity, and general ill-usage of her husband. On her death he swore a vow of reform which he had kept ever since, and by way of making some amends to the ghost of the dead mother he had been a kind and considerate father to Marie. When she was twenty he married again, a' decent woman, who was content to be a, drudge and give him the place of lord and master. Then Marie resolved to' be her own missress and liye her own life. She had been educated at a convent hard by, had shown some skill as a miniature painter, was content to paint from life or make copies from original works, and she had formed.quite/a clientele among the many good families in Paris when the Revo lution broke out. Her sympathies were natu rally supposed to be with the peoplo and her father, but she still as far as possible kept her connection together. Exile and the guil lotine reduced their numbers and as they fell away Marie's heart wont after them to the guillotine and beyond'the sea; but it was only recently that she had been induced, .to play the spy against; her father and his bloodthirsty masters. When Marie set up housekeeping on her own account she adopted her mother's maiden name and of late had found it of great advantage no t to he known as Mademoiselle Laroche, a name which had become terrible even among the people" so called. Laroche was a sleutnhound. Once on the scent no fugitive escaped him.. He was under the impression .that ne obtained useful information from his daughter, more particularly in regard _ to the family of De Louvet and a. certain'Henri Gomte ae Eour nier; but Marie's heart was engaged in their interest and it was Laroche who was .useful to Marie and her friends. Laroche lived in the j same building as that which' sheltered Marie, and he frequently paid her. fatherly as well as official visits, though they were all supposed to count under the first category. It is as well to J say at once that Laroche had a weak streak in his character; it was a leaning towards Marie —a leaning and a fervent admiration. He would listen to her with. patience even when she appealed for some poor creature whom she knew to be in his power. He even tolerated the portrait of the Queen in her room apd encouraged her to talk of her patroness Made moiselle de Louvet, though he barred the " de" in his mention of her as he barred the "Due" when he spolce of Louvet and the "Count" when he mentioned De Fournier, the active and bitter enemy of the Deputy Grebauval. Jaffray Ellicott was playing a double ga,me, with cards no less powerful than Marie's, and with a more subtle purpose. If he had known that he was talking to the police agent's daughter hefmight not have talked so freely about himself; .but Marie .had a way of winning confidence, and by hints that, she le.t fall he was shrewd enough'to gather that while she displayed among her miniatures famous j revolutionary chiefs and'their mistresses,.there was something more than mere bravado in her exhibition of the portrait of the unpopular Mario Antoinette. 