Short Story. UNDER THE YELLOW FLAG. ' How are you ? Came round to have a talk—if you're not too busy ?' The man to whom this remark was addressed brought down his feet from the office table, sat up, and welcomed the new- comer with a grip of the hand. ' Sit down, old fellow ; glad to see you. You'll stay to tiffin ? Khan Ali, pegs lao. Wilton, of the Telegraph Department, did as he was told. Settled himself in a long chair, placed his topee on the ground and accepted the proffered cheroot. ' Came in on business ; something to do you know. Can't stand the long, long day.' Bad enough in India, but it's a thousand times worse here. Got any ice ?' ' Sorry the new machine's smashed. These native fellows don't understand working it. Goolzad has promised to get another up from Bombay if we will guar- antee a certain amount.' ' You can put me down for any quantity you like. Life may be worth living in some latitudes, but it certainly isn't in Persia without ice.' Here a tall native appeared, bearing nectar in the shape of whisky and soda, and for a time silence obtained. Topics of conversation were few in Bushire. With the thermometer one hundred in the shade—damp heat—any exercise of the brains is a weariness to the flesh. Besides until the next mail arrived, every item of news had been worn threadbare. Pelron, of Metz and Company's, placed his legs on the table again, and resumed his occupation of staring at the rafters. Presently Wilton remarked : ' My brother is coming up next mail.' Arrivals were rare, so for the moment Pelron was interested. ' In the Indian Telegraph, isn't he ?' he asked. " What on earth has induced him to come here for the hot weather ?' ' You see we've never been separated all our lives. We were at school together, and came out to India together, and when I got transferred to this department, he said he'd apply to be sent here too. His application's just been granted, so he'll be up here to- morrow. I'm awfully glad to have him, but he'll find it rather a change from Poona.' ' People never know when they're well off. I hated our place in Fenchurch Street, but I'd give a good deal now to have a little London fog and mud instead of all this sand and glare,' and Pelron thought regretfully of the day on which he consented, in con- sideration of his salary being trebled, to re- present the firm of Metz and Company in the Persian Gulf. Another and longer pause, and then Wilton enquired : ' Had any news from Bussorah lately ?' ' Absolutely none. Price of cotton going down, I believe.' ' I saw in a private message that cholera had broken out ; pretty bad, too, but it hasn't been officially reported yet.' ' That means quarantine, I suppose ; all one's letters smelling of some beastly fumi- gating stuff, and all the contents of one's parcels ruined.' ' If they'd only keep to it, though,' said Wilton, who had been out longer than Pel- ron and knew what cholera meant ; ' but these Persians evade all quarantine regula- tions, never come near Bushire town at all, but land at night in native boats lower down the coasts. One hasn't any hold over them.' ' Oh, natives are such cowards, they die of anything,' said Pelron, who imagined that the characteristics of all Eastern nations were the same. ' You never catch anything if you're not afraid of it.' ' There's a good deal in that, but still the bravest people don't always escape,' said Wilton. No more was said, till a welcome diversion appeared in the shape of Khan Ali with an attendant satellite to prepare tiffin. Another weary hour was passed away in abusing Persian cookery, and then the two separated—Wilton to the telegraph offices, five miles away where he was on instrument duty all the evening, and Pelron to afternoon tea with Mrs. Seton, a pretty grass-widow, whose husband braved the perils of the deep in an Indian marine ship. Wilton the younger arrived next day by the mail steamer and cholera, though it was not mentioned in the passenger list, came a day later on board a native boat, in company with a crowd of ragged and filthy pilgrims. When it was firmly established, the authorities ordered rigid quarantine, on the principle of locking the stable door after the steed has been stolen. People who went through that weary summer never forgot it. The heat was greater than had been known within the memory of man. The yellow flag waved gloomily over the town, and the natives died like sheep with the rot. For a while no Europeans in the station were attacked, but one morning the flag half-mast high from the telegraph flag-staff showed that a member of the community had died. It was Brown, a boy of seventeen, who had come out from the Manchester post- office six months before. Too young and delicate to stand the climate, he had gone down before the first breath of sickness, and after eight hours' illness had died. Brown's death was the first to break the little coterie who inhabited the top rooms of the large telegraph bungalow. There were four of them—the two Wiltons, Brown, and Cooper—who chummed together ; three of these having known each other at home. Every evening they dined together in Brown's room, and wiled away the even- ing by playing cards and talking over pros- pects of promotion. So Brown ceased from being, and the world went on its way ; but in a few days time the younger Wilton sickened, and, after some days' struggle between life and death, through which his brother nursed him de- votedly, he died. His old Goanese servant, Pedro, who had been with him since he first landed in India, was terribly cut up by his young master's death. He went about shaking his grizzled head, and lamenting that it had not pleased the blessed Virgin to take him instead of ' chota Wilson sa- hib.' Finally the poor old man had recourse to the bottle to drown his grief, and by-and-by succumbed to a mixture of heat, apoplexy, and alcohol. Just as this time Cooper received his long expected leave, and sailed away down the Gulf rejoicing that he had not left his bones to bleach in a strange land. Wilton, sick of heart at his brother's death, left the deserted rooms and went to live in Pelron's bungalow, about half-way between the telegraph buildings and town. The upper part of the place was shut up, but one night Douglas, one of the clerks, going across to the office on duty, noticed a light in the upper story. Wondering who it could be he went up the stairs, and look- ing into the room saw, so he asserts, three players seated round the card table. Two of them he saw distinctly, but the back of the third was turned towards him. Frozen with horror he was unable to stir, and he saw the Wiltons' Goanese boy appear looking as he did in life, carrying a tray of refreshments. Then he made a desperate effort, and, hurry- ing away at the utmost speed, made straight for Jones's room, where he sank speechless into a chair, and could only be revived after many applications of another form of spirits. Douglas recounted what he had seen in strict confidence to his greatest chum. ' I shouldn't like poor old Wilton to hear about it, you know,' he said ; but in a very short time the story was common property of the station. The superintendent pro- fessed absolute disbelief, and let fall a remark that Douglas had probably been dining. Which remark being duly repeated to Douglas hurt his feelings deeply. He had never been more sober in his life, he declared, and he only hoped the superin- tendent might never behold the sight he had seen. The faces of these dead men playing cards would haunt him to his dying day. The summer wore on its weary course. The pestilence increased, reached its zenith, and then mercifully waned, and when the end of September came, the cholera had ceased. Although a great number of natives had died from it, no other Europeans had fallen victims. The upper part of the telegraph bungalow remained uninhabited, no one would live there. The room had been allotted to three young fellows from India, country bred. They declined to inhabit the rooms, preferring the discomfort of chumming with their friends or the expense of a bungalow outside the buildings. Like the Frenchman, they did not belive in ghosts, but were hor- ribly afraid of them. Young Brown's goods and chattels were sold by auction, the proceeds being just suffi- cient to pay his bills. Pelron bought several of the things, amongst others a mirror, which he sent his servant to fetch away. The boy appeared carrying it, and in a state of agita- tion and alarm. ' Sahib,' he began, ' I have seen a dreadful sight. Inshallah I may see no more such. I went into the room of Brown Sahib to fetch the mirror. It was nearly dark, but still enough light to make one's way. The room also was empty. I reached the thing down and turned to go, when behold there was a light, and I saw the three dead Sahibs seated playing cards.' ' Three dead Sahibs ! What are you rav- ing about ? Two only died. What folly is this ?' ' Theee dead Sahibs I beheld, nevertheless. The face of the third was the face of the burra Wilton Sahib, but by Allah it was face of a corpse.' ' Son of a burnt father, go and see no more visions, and if I bear this nonsense repeated you shall have sticks.' ' Sahib, I obey ; but what is written is written.' ' You look fagged, old fellow,' remarked Pelron to Wilton a few days later, as the two sat at dinner. ' Get the doctor to give you a pick-me-up of some sort. Thank the gods the heat is over at last.' Wilton certainly did look fagged and ill. There was a scared, hunted look in his eyes, too, like that of some trapped animal expect- ing its death blow. ' It's not that,' he said at last. ' You'll only think me a fool if I tell you, but I shan't see the year out.' ' Nonsense ! Why, the heat's over, and so's the cholera. Quarantine taken off too, and every one beginning to live again.' ' It isn't because of the heat or the cholera either. I knew it would come ever since poor Charlie did. We were never separated you know, and he won't be happy with- out me. They want me to make up the rub- ber.' Pelron laid down his knife and fork and gave a whistle. ' Old boy, you're going off your head. For goodness sake, see the doctor at once.' ' It's all very well ; you may laugh as much as you like, Pelron'—Pelron had been never further from laughter in his life—' but there are more things in heaven and earth, you know. It's all very well for you to be a materialist and all that, but some things you can't explain away. You know that story that Douglas told ?' ' The impossible yarn spun by that idiot ! He was probably half seas over at the time.' ' And there isn't a servant or native any where who will go into these rooms after dark.' ' Oh ! if you've got to that, believing a native's word, you're in a bad way,' said Pelron, with disgusted scorn. ' I tell you it was long before Douglas or anybody else said anything about those rooms. And as for believing a native's word, why, I know them as well as you do. What I'm going to tell you is Gospel truth, or I'll affirm it, if that seems more solemn to you. It was just about a week after poor Charlie's death, in the evening and dark, when some- thing—I don't know what—made me walk past the bungalow. I didn't want to, but I felt impelled to go upstairs, and it was so dark I could hardly feel my way. Anyhow I groped along till I reached Brown's room ; I opened the chick doors and went in. It was still pitch dark, but all of a sudden a light seemed to come in the middle of the room. I don't know what caused it, for there wasn't any lamp. Poor Charlie and Brown were sitting at the table, just as we used to sit, and there were two empty chairs and behind stood old Pedro with the glasses. It looked so real that I forgot all about the cholera and stepped forward to take a hand, but Charlie said : Not yet ! When the time comes we will send for you. And then I saw that his eyes were fixed and his jaw dropped, just as on the night he died.' ' Hallucination or not, I saw it all dis- tinctly. And that is not all ; as I continued looking I saw myself sitting on one of the chairs, but I was dead, too, and my eyes fixed like the others. My time will come soon. Every night I lie awake I wonder when they will send for me.' ' No wonder, man, you see visions, and dream dreams if you lie awake. Sleepless- ness is enough to account for every ghost under the sun. I'll give you some stuff the doctor made up for me the other day, and I'll engage you don't get any summons from the lower regions.' Wilton obediently took the sleeping draught and consented to see the civil surgeon, who prescribed him a course of quinine and iron. The autumn gave place to winter. The cold weather, just cold enough to make a good fire enjoyable, with its brilliant sunshine gave every one a new lease of life. The gunboats stationed in the harbour did much towards enlivening society, and cricket-matches and riding-parties were the order of the day. Wilton continued to put up with Pelron, but since that night nothing further was said about his vision, indeed, he appeared to have completely forgotten it, and had quite recovered his spirits and health. He never mentioned his brother's name, and daily ex- pected to have a year's furlough granted, eagerly making his plans as to how and where he would spend it. The rooms in the telegraph bungalow, newly whitewashed and done up, were given to a fresh batch of tele- graphists imported from home by the cable steamer, and the ghosts seemed effectually laid. At all events, nothing more was heard or seen of them. One afternoon Pelron and Wilton return- ing from a long ride, were walking their horses over the Maidan just outside Bushire town. They were busily discussing their projects of success in the next day's cricket match—Bushire versus The Navy. Wilton an enthusiastic cricketer, was expounding his theory that no blue-jacket could ever be an expert bowler, when he suddenly stopped his horse, and left his sentence un- finished. Pelron, a pace or two ahead, looked round. ' What's the matter ?' he asksd. Wilton sitting, motionless on his horse, gazed fixedly at the sea beyond Mai- dan, and made no answer. ' Are you ill ?' asked Pelron. ' Did you see him ?' he answered, in a low voice. ' See whom ?' said Pelron, looking round. ' What are you talking about ? There's no- body in sight.' They were in the centre of the Maidan, not a soul was visible in that dreary expanse of sand, and there was no cover behind which a dog could hide. ' It's come at last,' muttered Wilton to himself, and then aloud to his companion : ' It was Pedro who stepped me ; he took hold of my horse's bridle and said, ' Salaam, Sahib.' Pelron looked at him closely, but he was still gazing far away into vacancy. ' Come on,' he said. ' We shall never reach Bushire at this rate.' No further words were, spoken, and as soon as the town was reached, Pelron went to the civil surgeon's house. The doctor was out, so Pelron left a message asking him to come out at his earliest convenience to have a look at Wilton, who was, he said, a bit ' off colour.' That night, soon after dinner, Wilton, who had been in the best of spirits, and had apparently forgotten the incident on the Maidan, said he was tired, and would go to bed. ' I want to be fit for the match to- morrow. Good night, old fellow.' An hour or so later the civil surgeon arrived, and after some talk and refreshment went to see Wilton. An exclamation a few seconds later brought Pelron to the room. The bed had not been disturbed, and Wilton, fully dressed, was sitting in a chair. ' I found him like this,' said the doctor ; ' he must have been dead at least an hour.' There was a post-mortem, at which two doctors from the gunboats in harbour assisted the civil surgeon. Being unable to find any cause whatever for Wilton's death, they, after much disagreement, gave it as their opinion that he had died of heart disease. An English coroner's jury would probably have given it, ' Died by the visitation of God.' Possibly there are ' more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of' in our latter- day science.—All Year Round. 