CONGREGATIONAL UNION. ANNUAL SESSION, (BY TELEGRAPH,) HOBART, TUESDAY. The Congregational Union commenced its annual session this afternoon in the Memorial Church school-room, Brisbane street, when there was a large attendance of clergy and laiety from districts as far north as the Forth and south to Geeves. ton. The session having been properly consti tuted the Rev. W. J. Webster, the retiring president, took the chair. The roll of membership having been called the meeting was declared opened. The president-elect (the Rev. Geo. Clarke) then took the chair. MINISTERIAL QUALIF'CATIONB. The report of the ministerial qualifica tions committee was presented, and Perry Hart, of New Town, was received as a ministerial member of the Union. A. A. Nunns, of West Devonport, was also re ceived provisionally on the usual certifi cate reaching the Union from Victoria. CONSTITUTION AMIENDMENT. It was agreed that to-morrow Mr Henry Button be granted permission to propose his motion--"That the constitution of the Union be amended with a view to the management of it bein, vested in one committee, with one set of officers." SOCIAL PURITY. A memorial from the Ladies' Tempe rance Union on social purity was read, and will be di'scusaed at a later stage. The meeting then adjourned till 10 o'clock next morning, when the proceed ings will be open to the public. PRiSIDENTIAL ADDRESS. In the evening the president (Rev. George Clarke) delivered an eloquent address in the D avey-street church to a large congregation. He said: Dear Brethren,-The past year has been one of great strain on all the churches. We could expect nothing else than th at they as well as other institutions should suffer from the com mercIal depression of the time. The wonder is that they have not suffered more. Many of our people have within our own knowledge risen nobly to the difficulties of the hour, determined that though a greater sacrifice they will not if they can help it give less than before to the support of the Christian ordinance, and others are not to be blamed if they put less than they would into the treasury of the Lord. We hope that the cloud if slowly is yet surely lifting, to ;pass away before long, and to carry with it our present anxiety about the efficient working of our institutions. I have to make sorrowful mention of the death of one who gave this union many years of faithful service, our late treasurer, MIr James E. Salter. He was a man of devout but simple plot.y, who had our interests much at heart, and though loyal to the Congregational principles in which he was born and bred cherished the broadest sympathy with men from every quarter who set themselves to the service of the Lord Jesus Christ. We miss his familiar face from our meeting to-day, but hope and believe that he is promoted to higher service above. He has left us as a token of his substantial concern in our affairs a liberal bequest. We must find some one to take his vacant place, and I trust that anyone who may be solicited by the voice of the brethren to fill it will let his modesty give way to the requirements of the situation and accept the burden of care for Christ's cause and for ours. With all our present diliculties we are happily not troubled with oppressive building debts, and if we are a somewhat slow people we do not regret that it has been part of our slowness to pay our way and try to save our children from the financial iniquities of the fathers. WVe have just received by telegram news that the foromose man of our body, the Rev. Dr. R. W. Dale, of Birmingham, has fallen on sleep. You all remember him as the messenger of the Congregational Union of the Aorld to the church if our order in these colonies eight years ago. As friend, Christian, preacher, theologian, statesman, he was at least in the front rank of the men of our time, and only two months ago a biehop of the Anglican Church publicly toestified, and many of all denominations can also say, that he owed more to the writings of Dr. Dale than to those of any living divine. He was indeed distin guishod for all the masculine elements of a noble thinker, for the depth and earnestness of his piety, and for the wisdom of his counsels to his brethren, and in him the person of righteousness and the passion of charity were combined in singular measures. The hearts of God's people go down under the sense of irreparable lose when He takes such an able guide and teacher to His rest, and yet ia His goodness He raises successors to the most highly gifted, but for the moment we can only cite the old lament "Your fathers, where are they? And the prophets, do they lire for ever?' I wish to address you this evening, first on our general mission as Christians, and then on our special mission as a commission of COngregational Christians in these colonies. If is quite time that we should look forward and determineoar position in both respects that we may ehape our measures to the distinct performance of what we conceive to be our duty. We have just had great and impressive meetings of Christian brethron in Hobart. The Primitive Methoeist Conference and the Wesleyan Methodist Confereunce have been pleased to make the city the centre of their deliberations on the business of the year. Our sympathy with them has no res rye. We wish them well in what is common to us all, but we also wish them well in whet is special to them solves, in carrylng out their own piety, and in perfecting the methods of their own organisa tion. What noble work they have done, and are doing, for Christ we know. We have always been on terms of kiudness and confidenac with their reproesentatives in this colony, and it has always been h real pleasu?e to put our pulpits at their disposal. Dlff rences of polity are of small account in the face of the splendid piety, the vigorous ceal, the world-wide activity, and the sagacious ordering of their com munion. We are quite at home with them, and if all were as they are the mush-talked"of union of the churches might be, through a large range of interests. something more than a ipious dream. I believe that a closer union of the denouinations is quite feasible but for one impediment that we cannot ovorcooe. That impediment is the sacerdotal and sacramental theory of the Christian ministry with its accor dant practice. It creates a dividing gap in our relations that no bridge can span, and that with all our desire for closer unity we do not know how to crous. I make no complaint, and moan no offence when I state the simple fact. We can in no wise accept the position that our orders and sacraments are invalid, for thou our preaching would be vain, and our faith also would be vain, and we should be yet in our eoeleeiastiocl sins. Very kindly, and even saintly, men shnoerely think that we are notr authorised to exercise the functions of the sacred ministry, and the men who thus judge' I us are often examples in piety and zeal, rlern ing and labour, while they are careful to cherish all that is winning and gentle In their personal relations with the members of other churches, but by the logic of their posi tion they cannot, and do not, and will not hold ecolesiasticel relations with any but episcopal communiono. That their own orders and sacraments are pronounced by the older churches to be just as invalid as ours seems to disturb our friends wonderfully little; yet I still, whether they give or withhold f official recognition of our standing through a very wide range of their i ministry, we heartily wish them God.speed,. while we honour them personally for their love to Christ and their efforts to help on His Kingdom of righteousness, purity, and pease. I. a cannot answer for every man or minister who calls himself aCongr gationaliot, but I am bold to say of us as a body that we are not vague in doctrine, loose in discipline, and narrow minded in sympathy, as socae good people who construe us out of their own consciousness and know next to nothing about our actual ways fancy we mustbe. It is true that we do not make assent to the propositions of an elaborate creed the condition of fellowship in our churches ; we do something that in reality is very much more reaching. We require from I everyone who would join us a creditable con s fession of faith In Jesus Christ as the Son of God and the Lord and Saviour of men, and of the purpose to follow and obey Him. Such meetings as we have lately seen remind us that we need to give large consideration to what is, common to the faith of all earnest Christians in order that what is special to some may fall into due place and proportion. In the supreme thought of the day we cannot afford to en, cumber ourselves over much with peoaculiar 3 details that at best are only of secondary importance. We are bound, as far as we can, to show a united front in the face of the enemy. Bear in mind that the speculative unbelief of our time goes down to the very roots, not only of Christianity, but of commercial morality and religion. The serious debate of to y day is not about the things on which the churches a differ and over which they contended among themselves even half a century ago, but it is about the things on which they are agreed. Can anything be more suicidal for us Christians than to waste in internecine strife or petty haggling the energy which is all required to. meet the common foe ? Dr. Livingstone tells y us that when he came back to the old countryi. e from strongholds of heathenism he was simply e dumbfounded at the contentions of the e churches, and he suggested that a flying visit Sto the Dark Continent might bring them to their aensis, I feel sure that if we wore fully alive to the danger from without by which all our churoheis are menaced we should make much less voice over things on whioh we. caCn d well agree to differ. Rate these as high as you please,and I do not say they have all their worth, O yet they do not in the least discharge us from Sthe ob:igations.of our common mission or the duty of trying our utmost to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. What our common mission is I cannot set forth in better r ords than those with which Dr. Dale has i prefaced his manual of Congregatlonal prin a ciples. " We all," he says, "have to assert the authority and grace of our Lord Jusas e Christ against the assault of speculative d unbelief. We have to preach the Gospel as to those who never hear tit. There are 1- hundreds of millions of heathen men to whom sr the redemption of the world by Jesus Christ Is if altogether unknown. There are vast numbers o of :our own countrymen who have drifted. r, beyond !the reach of all th, ordinary institu y tlous of Christian instruction and worship, e and I may add there a.e many of our country d men in those colonios far away in the bush, s and who are crying to us all to give them and I. their childreou the hunday services that have ly fallen out of their lives. There are the hungry y to be fed and the naked to he clothed. There it are miserable homis to be made decent and te healthy, and last, though by no means least, a there are low conceptions of morality in e, domestic, commercial, and public life which as the church ought to elevate; secleshnoes in ,d the church itself, which ought to be inspired cl with the charity of Christ; Indolence which so ought to be set on fire by the zeal of Christ for at the honour of God and the righteousness and is happiness of mankind." That is a fair though d not exhaustive account of the j.int and cc general mision of which we have to take our Id share, understanding that no body of Christians or can cover the whole of the enterprise, though. t all are bound to contribute as much as they ra can to its accomplishment. Such duties are to not distinctive of any denomination. They to are the paramount duties of all the churches, to and they embracc at least three-fourths of our .y proper solicitudes under whatever banner we ;t may severally prefer to march, It is the r remaining fourth which has more that re constituteos our specil mission. Whaet is it, Ig and what is it worth ? To the qunestion, what le is our special miseion in these colcnies ? I ur should answer first that it is to preserve and or perfect and pierform a'l that belongs to our Sown polity. We cannot efface ourselves by m going over to even so grand and venerable 0e an organisation as that of our Wesloyan as brethren without betrayigi what for us is he surely a most sacred trust. The comparative ,mallness of our numbers is not suffiioent reason why we should surrender any church principles and the rights which we deem these principles conserve. We have certainly done ourselves less than justice In our returns to the census. We know that the statistics, as taken, are gravely fallacious. The conditions of emolument are different in different bodies, largely nominal in some, very real in others. That our position for instance is understated there can be no doubt whatever. We have returned ourselves at tho small figure of 4501, but there is another return of 4486 persons who object to state their religion, and the great majority of theseo abstainers we may be pretty sure are of the stoutest seat of our religion-Independents. It is of course very deceptive,'and the taunt of fewness should not trouble us much. For myself I hold that I am bound to declare my faith to any one who eeri udy demands it, be he public or pri vate man, believer or unbeliever, heathenou, magistrate, or Christian statesman, or ofiiolal statistloian. The roll of martyrs would be much reduced if the early saints had refused to answer the Roman's challenge, "Art thou a Christian?" I confess that I fail to see - the force of the scruples that in these colonies prevent so many of our brethren from giving the information which the state desires. However, so it is, with the result that by our own act we are placed far lower in the com parative scale than accords with our true position. However, as I say, the question of numbers, and of the weakness which the num bers seem to indicate, is no reas.n why we should be careless about the polity or fancy that as 'Congregationalists our business is done. Our fathers have suffered much for their polity through many generations. It is true, as every candid student of the New Testament admits, the sacred record that enjoins in the way of command no special con titutlen of the Christian Church, we may Infer what was the polity of the apostolic times. Nevertheless it declares our preference for the simplicity of the New Testament churches, and it is admitted on all sides that in our day the Congregational order is the rearest approach to the earliest scieties of believers. It Is not necessary that I should describe our polity to-night, and still less that I should praise it. It looks infinitely less imposing than the elaborate regulations of many and other systems of disciplino and government It Is not favourable to largo all ruling combinations. It cannot be greatly abused by disloyal men. It can he efficiently worked by none but genuine Christians. At worst the harm that is done in any case of misadministration is mischief of a local church, and not of a groat and imperial organisation, and we think that our smaller fellowships- secure many things that are generally lost in larger societies. Certain we are that it would be no gain to Christendom if our church were extinguished by absorption in a rule of general systems that allow the narrow scope to local and individual action. The first thing in our special mission is that we set ourselves to do the a cry best we can in the working out of our Congregational polity, The second thing in our special mission is that we have to work our polity in these colonies under peaceful conditions. It is not so at all in the old country. There for three centuries Congregationalism has, from Fad necessity, been protesting and militant, and it has had no chance of showing what it can do vhen it is released from the passion and strain of poltical conflict. Our fathers have had to fight against despotism of all kinds in church, state, and society. They never had the oppor tunity of showing what peaceful Congregation alismn can do. That marks the difference between their position and ours that we should recognise and understand. It is not in the main to our English brethren, but to our brethren in Canada and the United States of America that we must look for precedents under conditions that are very different from those of the old country. We, like our American brethren, are delivered from most of the occasions of strife which press so hardly on our communion in England. There is no levy here on all d3nominations for the nggrandisoment of one, no complication of vested interest that it will take little loss than a revolution to unravel; there are no heart burnings between the privileged and the op. pressed to be in the least compared with the bitterness of opposing parties at home. We are free and equal in the eyes of the law. Our Parliaments are not tempted to legislate in the interests of any denomination: the support of religion is left to the free will of those cho care for it, and we are not com pelled to exbaust ourselves in a conflict that, however justified by circumstances, is alto gother incompatible to the temper of our faith. No, I have known people say that with the cessation of that conflot,, especially on the relations of church and state, our mission as Congregationalists Is ended. We have fought bard and well for certain objects, and we have gained them, but now we are told our real occupation is gone: and I have known born and bred Congregat'ionalists who more than half believe them. The truth is that we are only now set free, and what we shall ma'ure is the real problem that eas in these colonies are set to solve. It is a very anxious problem. ,and it will best us as no conflict litke that of the past could do. Doubtless we h,'o, done with oppression of a certain kind, but depend upon it we shall still have oceasion to remember our principles and our history, and to stand as the steadfast and immvvable foes if new forms of despotism whether they come from above or below, whether they corime from the arrogance of the few or the intolerance of the many, whether they he the imposters of rulers or the tyranny of the multitude, who would ride roughshod over all rights in the interests of a class and make the vote of the majority bear down what is opposed to their circle. The gospel of mero majorities can never be made the gospel of Congregationalists if we have a spark of manhood left in u%, 'nd we shall soon reduce ourselves to sounding brass ased tinkiing cymbals if we let anyone believe that we tske environment for life and the spirin of the age as necesearily synonymous with the spirit of Christ. Our glorious independent forefsthers made many mistakes ; they allowed in some things the Hebrew spirit of the Old Testament to dominate the Christian spirit of the New; they pusheditheir principles to an authority of manner that has made them the butt of the frivslous and malignant to the present hour; the hypocrisies and fanatio?es of a few have been made the characteristics of the many. TLeir true character ie slowly emerging from the flood of abuse, and wo can see clearly in the main that they were stalwart, intelligent, God fearing men, who by universal acknow ledgment kept the liberties of England from utter wreck and rain, and were moved by a peseion for rotigiousness in church, state, society, and through the whole round sf com merce between man and man. We are their true ecclesiastical descendants, and we have need to be filled with the same passion for righteousness in all that lies before us. The ethics of the Gospel have in .their latter days been greatly depressed, aud peehaps it is in thi direction that all our churches and church msmoers are in the sorest need of a revival. We shall have opportunity enough to make a long light in the cause of righteous men, yet we must not shame the characteristic her. tage of our fathers, As compared wioh the conflict of our brethren we have here to do our work under the existing conditions, yet not to lay aside our arms as useless, We are bound by our traditions and principles to stand forth before all the churches Os the champions of justice and liberty, and to fight to the death for free and honest dealing in all the honest srelations of man with man. The third thing pertaining to our special mission is that we have to enlist the sympathy and service of every individual member t:, the interests of the particular church to Welbc he belongs. No matter what outside movement may solicit his attention his first duty is to seek, to the edifi cation, comfort, order, and efficienoy of the local society with which he is identified, to make the best that you can of your own church. It lies at the root of our policy that every member of a given church has a voice in the churub, and that he is responsible in his degree for the welfare and good order of the church. Of course his solicitudes are not to be confined to the local Interests of his special communion, He may give time, thought, labour, money to this or that enterprise he is to work. but he has no right to do it at the expense of the partincu lar brotherhood it is his first object to serve. If you do not know which is best for the denomi nation you will make no mistake if you set yourself to perfect to the utmost the fellowship with which you are identified. The perfection of the assoolated brotherhoods depends upon the perfection of each of them, and you must be loyal to your own churca if you would minister effectually to the churches at large of the same order as yourself. Fourthly, we want an effective confederation of all our churches that shall yet leave them free to manage their own local rffaira. In all confederations each must give up something, and it need be nothing vital; it is idle to suppose thaer we may at the same time do anything that everyone likes, and get the advantage of large cohesion. How and on what conditions we can bring it about is a very nice and difficult problem, but all our churches might agree within certain limits to sustain themselves by the judgment and authority of confederate churches of their own order. I think we may learn much by study ing the proceedings of our American brethren in this direction. It is too large and difficult a subject to attempt to discuss in this address. I only take note of it as a matter of great im portance. To bring it about under wise and well-considered conditions is certainly part of our opecial mission in these coloi.ies. Fifthly, and now a point on which I wish to lay great stress is this : It should be characteristlo of our body that we do our best to seeuro the most intelligent men that we can gather to discharge the functions of our ministry, and the most intelligent congregation that we can gather to appreciate our teaching. An in competent ministry is trouble enough to any church. It can only be excused among us by the difficulty of meeting the elementary wants of our country districts, but it is simply ruinous to us to make it character Istic of our ministry as a whole. I do not mean that we went learning of the more scholastic wit. A man may have that and yet be a great fool, though more scholastio learning Is a great aequis tion if only it is backed by common sense and a knowledge of human nature. There is much in which the Salvation Army beats us all, but there is also work that the Salvation Army is quite powerless to do. Somebody must do it. The difficulties of country work for our ministers are in some respects greater than In the towns, and all honour is due to them for the patience, toil, and self-sacriCce with which they try to make the best of the situation. I could say more, brethren, but I have raid enough to try your patience to-night. I am sure the time has come when our best and wisest men should take thought of our special as of our general mission in the colonies. The conditions on which we have to work out our distinctive policy are plainly different from those of our brethren in the old land. Our problem is to try what we can do with peaceful Congrega. tionalism, though the battle for righteousness in church, state, and society has still in larger measure to be fought, and we shall be false to our traditions if we blench when the storm blows highest. Our churches as a whole can best be cerved by every minister and member doing what he can to elevate the piety, foster the zeal, and perfect the working of his own particular brotherhood. Something. I am per. suaded, may yet be done to secure the advan tage of a mo:e compact federation than we have yet attained to without injuring what is vital to the independence of our churches. Above all, I think it is vital to our permanent .existence, as well as to our vital success, that we work with intelligence upon into ligeneo. and exhibit a piety and zeal that never loses hold of the rational as well as the right. And so we should be deeply ooncerned in all that contributes to rcise the intelligence of the whole community. With all that is special to ourselves lay to heart the things in which we are to make common cause with the whole body of Christ's holy church, and let us give no grudging recognition to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and set them selves to do His work. Finally, brothers in the ministry," Take heed unto yourselves and to'all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the Church of God which lie bath purchased with His own blood;" " Adorn the doctrines of God our Saviour in all things," "For the grace of God bath appeared, bringing salvation to all men, in structing us to the extent that denying ugoed. liness and worldly lusts we sh:uld live soberly and religiously and godly in that present world, looking for the blessed home and appearing of our great God and Saviour Jesus Christ, who gave Himself for us teat He might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto Himself a people for His own posEession, z.alous of good works." 