1 m - AGAINST THE CAPTAIN'S ORDERS. CUTTING OUT THE SANTA MARGARITA. [By Philip H. Hemy.vg, late R.N.I 'They say she contains half a million of money,' observed Jack Bradley, the midship man of the watch, as he looked over at the mastheads of the big Spanish galleon, which was lying snugly at anchor in the harbor of Porto Diega. ' That'll mean a nice bit of prize-money, sir, when we takes her,' answered old Sam Oakum, the quartermaster. -'?When we do! repeated the middy im patiently. 'Yes, but when will that be, I should like to know ? Here we've been watch intr her like a cat does a mouse for the last three weeks, and we don't «eem any nearer yet.' 'You may be sure, sir, as how the cappen knows what he's adoin' of,' replied the old seaman, shifting his quid from one side to the other ; ' and we shall have her all in good time.' 'I don't believe in this waiting-about busi ness,' continued Jack. 'If he'd on^ man aud arm boats, and .give me the command of the launch, 111 guarantee that I'd cut her, out, and have her alongside before breakfast to morrow morning.' ' Maybe you might, sir,' said Oakum, cau tiously ; ?' maybe you might, and maybe you mightn't. Of* course, them's- on'3' Spaoyards, but then -there's a powerful lot of 'eui aboard a craft like that.' Just then -the ship's corporal approached, and, touching his cap, observed — ' The captin wishes to see .you at once iu his cabmg, sir.' Casting a look around to see that all was right on deck so far as he was eoncerned, and wondering what he we b going to be hauled over the coals for this time— for a hundred yeara ago captains seldom invited midshipmen to their cabins except to censure them— young Bradley went below. On entering the cabin in response to the 'Come in' winch replied to his knock, Jack discovered Captain Sharpe seated at the table. 'Mr. Bradley,' exclaimed tho captain, 'I have to tell you I am going to entrust an im portant expedition to you.' Jack flushed with pleasure. ' You will take a boat's crew, in an hour's time, and pull in to the hind,' continued the captain. 'And then, should it be dark — which no doubt it will— you will muffle your oars and enter the harbor— — ' ' Aud cut out the Santa Margarita, sir ?' interrupted the impetuous juiddy. 'Certainly not, sir,' replied the captain sternly ; ' on no account must you even fire a pistol, except in self-defence.' Jack's face became as long as the maintop bow-line. ' . 'Your duty to-night,' the captain went on, 'will be to note exactly bow the Santa Margarita is lying, how she is moored, whether Bhe is guarded by booms, or anything of that sort, and, in fact, to ascertain any particulars which may be. of use to us when we do arrange, to cut her out. Do you under stand met' 'Yes, sir,' replied Jack, considerably chap fallen. 'And don't forget what I said about fight ing,' concluded Captain Sharpe. 'You must avoid everything of the kind : and, mark me, young gentleman, if you disobey me, . and get up to any foolishness, hy Heaven! I'll send you home, sir V This was a terrible threat, for it meant dis grace, as well as the loss of bis dearly loved profession ; and Bradley left the cabin duly impressed. In an hour's time the cutter was lying along side. Jack had the pick of the ship's company for his boat'B crew, for every man on board volunteered ; and he had chosen old Oakum as coxswain. ' Shove off forward ! Give way !' and, with a long swinging stroke the boat was proceeding towards tho land. 'What d'ye think about cuttin' her out now, -sir?' enquired Oakum after a while, with the ghost 01 a smile in his eyes. 'Think about it?' replied Jack loud enough to be heard fore andaft. ' Why, with sucli a boat's crew as this I consider we ought to be able to cut out any Spanish ship in exis tence ; and I only wish the captain bad given me leave to try.' A murmured chorus of approval from the men showed how thoroughly they wero in sympathy with the young officer. 'Hullo! what's that '!' cried Jack, pointing to something which was bobbing up aud down a couple of Goats' lengths -away. ' Pears like a bottle, sir,' replied Oakum. ? 'Let's have a look at it,'taid Bradley. ' Back water, starboard ! easy ! way enough.' The coxswain gave a sheer with the tiller, and Jack leant over the side and picked up tho bottle, which was one of those generally used for containing aquadiente— the brandy used by Spaniards in those days. The bottle was corked, and Jack could see there was a piece of papar inside. 'It looks like a messige, sir, from some poor fellows as have goue below to Davy Jones's Locker,' suggested Oakum. A strange excitement possessed Jack, and, not being provided with a corkscrew, be lost no time in knocking off the jieck of the bottle, and then -he -was enabled to extract a note, written in pencil. It ran as follows, and he read it aloud for the benefit of the boat's crew : — 'On Board the Santa Margarita, 'Porto Diega. 'They tell me there is a British man- of-war cruising about outside the havbor, and I am writiug these few lines in t!ie hope that they may be found and read by my feliowcouniry men. ' If, as I have no doubt is the case, you are thinking of attacking this ship, do so at once. They keep little or no watch ou board at night, and those who are on duty arc always more or less drunk. ' It will bo different, however, on the 21st, on which day Captain Caleverer will return with a regiment of .soldiers, which ho has boen to get in order to help him guard the treasure on board. 'I may add that on tho 21st there will bo a .grand festa on shore, at which 1 am to be burnt as a heretic, or shot as a spy, or both. If this should be picked up too late to save me, send my love to my mother and brother Jack. ' Robeht Bradley, 'Midshipman, late H.M.S. Swallow.' When Jack finished reading this he turned as pale as paper. He knew the writing only too well. It was from his only brother, -whom be supposed to be serving oa-tuo Mediterranean station. That day was the 20th, and tho following consequently would be the fatal 21st, when 4)is .brother was to be sacrificed to .gratify, the brutal passions of a half -caste mob. Only a few miles of water separated them, and yet he was powerless to help or save him. By this tune tliey bad reached the mouth of the harbor, and, as it was quite dark, there was no necessity to wait ; so, muffling the oars with the men's jackets, and guided hy the lights in town and the fort, they commenced the perilous part of their expedition. The harbor of Porto Diega is shaped like a capital L, the longer stroke opening m to the sea, while the fort .is situated at the elbow. The tide was running down strongly, and as he noticed it, old Oakum observed in a hoarso whisptii— ''Twould be a fine tide to run a craft out on, sir.' Jack caught the hint in a moment, and at once resolved upon what he would do. 'Look here, men,' he exclaimed in a low yet distinct voice, 'as you all know, my brother is on .board that vessel. Well, I am going to have a cut at her, come what will. She's lying with her head up the harbor, bo we'll board her astern. As eoon as we get aboard the two bowmen will go for'ard and cut her adrift there, while the stroke oars will attend to the cable astern. The rest of us must do our best to overcome the watch on deck and batten down the hatchways. Directly thtit is done, nil hands aloft to loose the topsails.' It seemed for a moment as though the men were j?oing to cheer, 1-ut fortunately they recognised the folly of such an exhibition of foeling at euch a moment, and only the re newed energy with which they tugged at the oars showed what they meant. The fort was passed in safety ; a black spot here and there may have been sentries, but, if so, they were all fast asleep. Another ten minutes and the Santa Marga rita could be seen looming in the distance like a huge cliff. ?'Avast pulling, boys,' said Jack in a whisper, 'and get your cutlasses and pistols ready, but don't fire if you can help it.' The men quickly prepared themselves for the coming tray by throwing otf their heavy hats aud tying handkerchiefs round their heads, while some stripped off cout and shirt to obtain greater freedom. AH was going well, and not a sound could be heard on board the Spanish ship, when one of the bowmen, in shifting a pistol, acci dentally touched the trigger and it exploded. In an instant they seemed to wake up on board the Santa Margarita, and the shouting, cursing, and confusion were something in describable. The prevalent idea was defence, and all hands began to fire anything they could lay hold of — pistols, muskets, big guns — in all directions without aim or object. ? Two men were wounded in the cutter before she got alongside, but ehe was evidently un eeeu, as no attempt was made to prevent the Englishmen board ing. With their cutlasses between their teeth they swarmed up the-steep sido of the galleon like cats, and on arriving on deck Jack per-, ceived that the Spaniards had commenced lighting between themselves. Luckily, just as his crew made goed their footing ou the puup, the smaller party began to retreat below, and with loud shouts the others followed them. It took hut a few minutes to rover the hatchways and batten them down, and by the time this was done the cables had been cut aud the big craft was drifting down the harbor. Oakum immediately went to the helm, while the remainder of the' crew ran up aloft and loosed the fore-topsail ; the main aud inizzen topsails soon followed, and by the time she was abreast of the fort the Santa Margarita was surging along under her three topsails and jib, with the cutter towing astern. The lire from the fcrt was very erratic, not more than half a dozen shota coming near, those being so high they passed through tho rigging or sails ; and in another ten minutes the guns had ceased to bear, and the Santa Margarita was well out at sea. The sound of the firing had attracted the attention of those on board the English frigate, aud putting his helm up Captain Sharpe had headed in for the land. As he approached Jack backed his maintop sail and hove to, while Captain Sharpe jumped into the rigging and hailed, ' ' Ship ahoy ! What ship is that ?' 'The (Santo Margarita,' replied Jack. ' Will you please send a prize crew on board, sir, to take charge of the prisoners V 111 half an hour the Spaniards were all dis armed and confined in the forehold, while Robert Bradley had been released and the brothers had met once more. It was found that he had been captured by the Santa Margarita when she was outward bound, the whole of his boat's crew had been, shot, and he as an officer bad been reserved, for another occasion. The next day found Jack Bradley onco again in the cabin. ' Now, Mr. Bradley, you know what I told you,' observed Oaptam Sharpe, 'You have been guilty of gross disobedience of orders and I am going to send you home.' Poor Jack could scarcely keep the tears from bis eyes. He had expected to bo repri manded, but to Ira ruined and disgraced was rather bard. ' I am very sorry, sir,' commenced Jack in a broken voice, ' I couldn't help it.' ** Yes, Mr. Bradley, I -am going to send you home,' continued the captain ; and then, after a pause of a minute, he added, 'in cbaige of the Santa Margarita, -and if the Admiralty don't give you your commission, it isn't my fault. Shake hands, young man.' Jack navigated the galleon in safety to Portsmouth, and received his promotion within a week,,in spite of his disobedience of orders. — Chums. 