COUNTRY NOTES. — ? Once more we call attention to the fact that we are in need of a bank for Wyalong, and up to tlie present time little move ment has been made towards the establish ment of a bank '(writes the 'Wyalong News '). There will be, in a. short space of time, three crushers at work within a radius of half and three-quarters of a mile from tho township, which will treat about 585 tons of ore per week, and this in itseli1 is beyond doubt a guarantee that a bank would receive a fair amount of support. When these crushers start operations, and the gold extracted from the ore, it will have to be carried from two of the batteries a distance of two miles and from the other two and three quarter miles to the only bank in our midst ; whereas if one of our metropolitan banking institutions were to establish a branch in Wyalong, the great incon venience of having to travel such a great distance to make deposits would be greatly reduced. Besides, there are the business people of Wyalong-, who, judging by other small towns in New South Wales that support a bank, would support an in stitution of this Mnd. Let us hope ere long that Wyalong will be possessed of a DanK, ana tnat inconvenience wnicn depositors have been subjected to will speedily be brought to an end. A very peculiar case of wife desertion came before the Newcastle Bench on Tuesday morning1, in which Eleanor Das Bell charged Charles William Dassell. An order for maintenance had been made upon the defendant about 12 months ago, the parties having separated. This order had been obeyed until lately, when defen dant refused to continue payment on the grounds that plaintiff had a husband still living at Hartley, New South Wales. The case had been adjourned several times for the production of the first husband, named John Peachman, who appeared in court yesterday morning. He depesed that the plaintiff was lawfully married at Hartley to him in 1867 and had four children. Other evidence showed that she subsequently went to Murrurun di and there fell in with defendant, Das Bell, and was married to him in Newcastle about eighteen years ago at the registrar's office. Plaintiff had lived with defend ant during that period and had borne him eleven children. She stated in her evi dence that she left him through his cruelty towards her. Peachman again declared upon his oath that he was her husband, bnt plaintiff swore to the contrary. The bench decided to dismiss the case. There is much destitution among the families of the twenty-six unemployed miners at Greta, the men not having suc ceeded in getting work at the colliery. The hands employed at road work have not yet been paid their wages by the department, although their jobs have«been completed over three weeks. The Mayor is at his wits's ends in trying1 to cope with the acute distress. There are also several widows and aged indigent people in sore need of relief. Quite a commotion has been caused in town, especially among the young folks, owing to report having gained currency that a ghost had been seen in different parts of the town, and had interfered with several people, reports the Penrith paper. We have made nightly visits to the supposed haunts of this being, but so far we have no results to report, although someone or other drops across whatever it is nightly. The peculiar part of this ghost is that it is a black one dressed as a woman, and on being spoken to it generally clears out. Only a few nights ago someone gave chase, and very nearly caught it at the fence leading into the Agricultural Society's ground beyond the bridge in Station-street, where, however, it jumped the fence, took off its head, and cleared across by Rodley. This is pretty tall, the wonder is that it did not throw back its head at its pursuer. Mrs. Charles Byrnes, of High-street, had a peculiar experience a few nights ago. Hearing someone in the adjoining room, and imagining it was her husband, she called out to him ' not to be trying to frighten her.' She got no reply, and at a later stage, something that she thought was 'the ghost,' or a man entered the room on all fours. She screamed, jumped on the table, and later on swooned off. Several of the neighbors rushed in, only to find Mrs. Byrnes in a swoon and Mr. Easter- brook's black pig leaving the premises. No one has yet captured the real ghost, and for the last night or two he has been very quiet, probably owing to the moon- light nights. When it gets a bit darker, perhaps his ghostship will deign to walk. A very sudden death occurred on Saturday of an old, well-known, and re spected resident of West Maitland. It seems that Mr. Jeremiah Leo, who has been in very precarious health for a long time past, had, after partaking of his breakfast, gone out to the farm at the rear of his residence, in Regent-street, for the purpose of digging potatoes. He was en- gaged in this work for some time, but sud- denly went off in a faint, and before medical assistance could be summoned he expired. An inquest was not deemed necessary, as Leo had been under treatment by the doctors for some time. Deceased was 65 years of- age, a native of the County Tipperary, Ireland, and had been a resi- dent of the district for over thirty years, most of which time he followed the pur- suit of farming, although for a short term, he became landlord of the old Racehorse Inn, opposite the new courthouse site. He leaves a widow, without family. The installation of the Master and the investiture of the officers of the Masonic Lodgre, Illawarra, No. 59, were made on Monday night at Wollongong. Brethren attended from Sydney and elsewhere, and the ceremony was performed by the re retiring Maater, Wor. Brother S. H. Smith, assisted by Very Wor. Brother G. M. Stevenson. D.G.I.W. Brother J. M. Spence was installed as W.M., the other officers being: I. P.M., Wor, Brother S. H. Smith j S.W., Brother George Lindsay; J.W., Brother J. Murray; chaplain. Eev. Brother Simpson Millar ; secretary, Wor. Brother T. Grieve ; treasurer, Wor. Brother J. W. Hosking; organist. Brother A. H. Grace; S.D., Brother Archibald Blundell; J.D., Brother Walter Evans; stewards, Wor. Brother G. W. Commens and Brother H. Williams; LG., Brother W. Wood,- tyler, Brother E. W. Stevenson. The usual banquet was cubsequently held.' A letter has been received from Mr. H. G. Watson, J.P., lately, of Broken Hill, and one of the New Australia pioneers now on the settlement at Paraguay. After speaking of the fertility of the soil and the ups and downs of the pioneers so far, he concludes: ' Should you know anyone wishing to come, let them know that everything is rough and the work hard, and that it will continue so for some time to come. If they are prepared for this, let them come along. There is plenty of room for thousands, but persuade any who think it is like picnicking to stop where they are, for they would only be bitterly disappointed if they come.' 