liTBRIALISM A MOST, ob, A CHRISTMAS EVE ADVENTURE. . By J. g. O'Donogiiuk. It was in the beginning of summer, in (he year 1873, that the sylvan solitudes of a vslley formed by two of the numerous ranges or spun of North Gippsl&ud; were awakened by a party of mounted prospectors amongst its primeval wilds. ' Unconsciously picturesque in their unstudied attitudes of graceful negligence, the bronze - faced, resolute-looking gold seekers, sat in their saddles scanning, with critical eyes, the diver sified and pleasing sylvan panorama that en vironed them. The.r protracted examination of the land scapes did not arise from a love of the beauti- lul in Nature ; although the valley might in disputably be taken ae a compendium of one of her many varied displays aud beautiful combi- matiouf. Continuous travelling through scenery such OS that which surrounded them, had somewhat dimmed the glamor of that exalted feeling ; bo that the lavish display of Nature's wild gran- dsnr excited but little interest, and called forth ittle remark from the horsemen. The geological features of the valley were likewise unheeded. All wcro intent on a suit- a situation on which to erect the tents. A spot was at length chosen, and under the low, spreading branches and umbrageous foliage of a giaut eucalyptus the touts were pitched, and preparations for the evening meal commenced. Directly in front of the tents was an expanse of green eward sloping gradually towards the Moroke River, whose rapid and pelucid waters, eddying and rippling among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and tree trunks that were piled across its coarse in bewildering confusion at every curve, ran with m&uy; windings to join the Mitchell. Liuiug the river's bonks was a tangled mass of vegetation, among which a forest of gum trees, their primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by the elector's axe, shot upwards, and in long varied lines stretched away in dim perspective to the summits of Mounts Culler and Tomboritba, be tween whose ragged " tors" the long soowy spex of the Barkly Range was plaiuly dis- -cerned against the deep blue of the eveuing sky. After supper the compauy gathers for the inevitable smoke aud yarn before retiring. On this occasion, however, they do not appear to b9 in a loquacious mood. With grim com placency they sit od the moss-covered trunk of an old tree, which had been uprooted by the temjttftt, or repose on the grasi puffing medi tatively the while clouds of tob..jco smoke from between their lips, aud watching the curling and fantastic wreaths gradually disappear in the quickening ehadee of night. Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twi light. No voice breaks the stillness. An unusual and oppressive gravity appears to pervade the entire assembly. It may arise from the fact that it is Christmas Eve, and that memories of other such anniversaries spent under more propitious circuimtsnceA crowd upon the mind- anniversaries probably spent with friends or relatious whose familar form cheery Christmas greeting will never be seen or beard more. Perhaps, the gravity is the out come of enervation, caused by a long journey under a broiling euu. Whatever may have been the cause, its effects soon pass oil', aud personal reminiscences aud adveutures of Hood and field follow each other in rapid and varying succession. One alone of the party retains an uncharacteristic gravity and cynicism, so much so that his companions remark his sileuce, and in a bantering way make suggestions aa to the cause. 44 You are all at fault, undoubtedly at fault,' reiterated the silent one. "One cannot think aud sustain a conversation at the eame time." 'I was but recalling an adveuture that occurred to me one Christmas Eve some years ago, and which I shall relate if you care to hear it." " What is its drift, Jack, old man r'' asked Charley Dal ton, the sage of the party. "Ghostly," was the sepulchral and laconic reply " Ghosts ! Rubbish !' exclaimed Cbailoy, " they do not exist, unless " "This one did,' interrupted Jack, as he pro ceeded to drag his long, spare form iuto a suit able posture for a lengthened talk. "Oh, well," replied the sage, somewhat nettled at having bis eloquence cut short in euch a summary fashion, 44 we will not discuss the subject. Fire away." There is no need far the permission to be repeated twice, for after a few preliminary coughs. Jack at once plunged into the subject. One Christmas time some years ago I received an invitation from a friend to spend Christmas Day with him and his family. Living, bb I did then, fiv«> miles from the township of T , and nearly the same distance fr.m any human habitation, and seldom meeting auy per-on with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced iu my frtend'e suggestion. Where I resided was a creek, bordered, as is mostly the case, by la goons, which were a resort for many species of wildfowl. Thinkiug that a pair or so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend's wife, I took my gun early on Christmas Eve, and succeeded in shooting a couple, and also a hare. Making these into a portable parcel, I started for the township shortly after du«k. It was one of tin -so nights that ono would select for a ramble— when the moon, uuimpeded by a cloud, sails majestically and supremely across a flriu&uiuut; of sapph re, thickly spangle! by myriad sLare, The night was warm aud still. The chirp of the locusts and the far-off harking of a dog sounded clear and distinct. From the waterhole bard by cnuie the monotonous, yet rhythmical, chant of the cicada, hrokou at times by the deep, hoarse croak of seme huge 44 bull frog," who, floating on the water with out spread legs and iuflated body, strives, with many spasmodic jerks, to outvoice hia adjaceut "sharps." I bad perhaps gone about three parts of the distance when an almost indescribable feeling took possession of roe. In other words, I felt by eome iusorutable instinct that I was watched. I halted and glanced around. No living thing was to bo aeeu, save the bats that noise lessly flitted past. I glanced upwards. A change had taken place. The sky was uo longer clear. Light fleecy "wisps11 of cirrus cloud drifted quickly acrou the heavens, ever and anon obscuring the uioou, and causing alternate light and shadow. Shaking off the nu canny feeling that caused me to stop, I once more resumed my walk. I had uot gone far when a slight sound startled me. Once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery radiance through a rift iu (he clouds. I glanced hastily around. Something attracted my atten tion—something partly hidden by the deep shade thrown by a gigantic eucalyptus. Some thing motionless and erect, formless and in- distbot, yet shining with au unearthly glow of translucent light. I was appalled. My frame ahoofc as if with ague. The parcel fell from my nerveless grasp. Huge drops of perspiration conned each other dowu my face. 1 felt as weak ob a child, aud could only gaze at that portentous shape. There arc times, wo are told, when even the most reckless are struck with a feeling of awe — wheu the blood seems to chill and the heart to faint, aud all physical power appears to be gone ; wheu the 'soul is startled and the cheeks are blanched, and each function appears to be under, the influence of come indescribable paralysis. Such were my feelings at that momont With Alternate sensations of fear, doubt and Bewilderment I 'continued to 'gaze At that, ghostly figure, standing po grim ai& silent hsntstt' 'great (jattV'Long ago fl had mioaadnpaetf fittiof all belief in ghosts, johlirib or any' of £he other supernatural appa | ritions which man, in his imagination, creates and endows with all the faculties essential to their existence. Yet, bo unexpected had been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to stand the test so suddenly imposed upon it It was not long before my normal self-pos- eesbion returned, and with it all my former doubts In the existenoe of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the parcel dropped involuntary at tho first appearance of the mysterious, and on looking again in the direotion of my euper- natural companion, I found that he had vanished. Cautiously approaching the spot where be so recently stood, I glanced around. Nothing wftB to be seen. "Was tho spectre, after all, merely an illusion of the senses V I was suddenly awakeued from the reverie into whtoh I had fallen by an unearthly cry, unearthly alike iu toue end portent. Turning hurriedly in the direction whenoethe cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards me, gliding seemingly over the ground at an almost incredible speed. My courage being now equal to the en counter, I awaited the advent of the portentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre waB clad in a long, white, luminous-like shroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its bonds were those of a skeleton. Its head a blanched and grinning skull, the sightless orbs of which, like thoee of that fahied animal the cockatrice, shone with s brilliant, unearthly light. My resolute beariog seemed to disconoert his "gbostship," for he checked his speed, and when within yards of where I stood, he raised his skeleton-tike arms above his bead, gave utterance to a weird cry, and shot off at right- angles to his previous course. Listening attentively, 1 could hear the faint crackling of gum leaves, as from the passage of a ponderable body over their surface. SpectreB, according to the whimsical and accepted hypothesis, are shod with wool. This one, evidently, was an exception to the general rule, I determined to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger. Grasping the parcel firmly in my hand, 1 waited a favorable opportunity to give chase. That opportunity soon presented itself. Once more the spectre came flitting towards me. Feigning fear, I crouched down alongside of a tree, and thus lured the figure nearer to my concralmeut than it would otherwise have approached, .lumping up, I made a rush at the spectre, hut by a graceful movement it eluded my grasp, and darted off, leaving me far iu the rear. With stern pertinacity, 1 started in pursuit, urged on by the desire to investigate the source of that incredible pace. After the first bunt, the ghostly figure adopted a steady, uniform pace. I followed about a chain distant, runniug well and gaining speed and confidence in my staying powers at every stride. A peculiar sound flow attracted my attention. A remittent hum not unlike the musical vibration of tense wires had become audible. , Puzzling over thU inexplicable sound I ran on. Suddeuly a log fence, surmounted by a bar barous-looking "buckthorn " wire, extended its sinuous leogth in the path of the ghost. J quickened my pace. Would the figure attempt the jump. My cogitations on this point were abruptly ended by his ghostehip turning, and following the course of the fence. A few hundred yardB distant I know that another fence joined and xan at right angles to the one we were now following. I felt certain that tho spectre would not be able to jump the fence and preserve bis diaphanous draperieB intact. At length we reached the angle formed by he two fences. Cutting a corner I thought to tintercept the spectre. It was a vain manoeuvre. With the ease of a kangaroo the object of my pursuit cleared the fence and thus avoided me. The jump, however, bad in some way displaced his anatomy. He no longer glided over the ground, but adopted a style which appeared a blend of the Irish gig , and the ungainly gait of a wouudod 'possum. I gave chase. A few doubles, that would have met with the approbation of the most exacting football critic, ensued. Then with a swing I raised the parcel. For an instaut it huog, like the sword of Damocles, suspended over the spectre, and then de ucended. 1 had a transient vision of a pair of ducks, a luminous body and the whirling ionn of a hare seemingly careering through space, and then all was a blank. 1 had materialised the ghoBt. 00 recovering my senses froui the involuntary oblivion into which they bad been so suddeuly plunged, 1 found that I was extended at full length on a duBty road. Jumping to my feet, 1 looked for the cause of this startling denoue ment. There be was, silting ou a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a \ an- demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely lixed in oue of the powerful springs that were attached to his boots. At my fee, lay a grinniog skull, from out of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. a circular hole, sufficiently large to admit the introduc tion of a small lantern into the cavity of the skull, had been cut through the two bones. a copper studcouuected tho lantern with a leather cap which fitted the head, and to which a chin- strap was attached. " Well," aked iny companion, when I had completed my inspection, " what do you think of iny get-up?" "Wonderfol, especially the springs," I re plied. "Yes," he said, 44 they are not bad, and but for this stick you would never have overtaken me." I assisted bim to remove the stick, aud watched him doc his ghostly huui&u; helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, 41 Au revoir, my Rtrong-minded friend, whon next you attempt to materialise a ghost, don't break your neck by falling over him.' 14 One momeut. What is your object in masquerading so far from tho township:'' 1 asked. " Merely to frighteu a holiday party. I trust that I shall he more successful than I have been iu your cue." Saying this he glided off. I watched the flitting form till it was no longer risible, then picking up the contents of the parcel, I resumed my journey aud arrived at my destination in due course, and favored my friend with a narration of roy adventure. 44 It is now 12 o'clock," exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, 44 en I thall wish you all good night aud a Happy Christmas." 