THE WEEK'S CALAMITIES. A week's pigeon-hole of more or less local tragedies :— Lars Jansen, a recent arrival in Sydney from Tasmania, Ui- (.infective proprietor of a ham-and.bee( suop in Ktita beth-street, on Monday laat, ploughed a death bole through his in'arda with a bullet from an old horse-pistol, and gave up the ghost while seated in his ham-and-beef chair ? At Pier Pier station. Coons.mr.lH way, the other day, William Green, jealous because his brother David's wife, who had formerly been William's mistress, would not return to the arms of free-iove, emptied eome of the contents of a loaded Winchester nfle into Mrs David, and some more into David, after which he betook himself to the scrub, where he suicided. Mrs David tvai instantaneously killed. at the Becond fire, aud David was so badly wonnded that he had to ba taken to the Coonamble Hospital, where he died on Thursday ? The dead body of a male baby, with ita skull caved in, and its navel-string tied round its neck, was found floating in the river near Bylstone, the other day, and was inquerted ? Henry Lelsleighter, aged 18, was, the other day, mangled to death in the machinery of a chaflcutter, driven by a water-wheel at Burrembaoka, near Bombala. The nearest parson at the time was a mile away ? Near Parkes, Thomas Fitzgerald, a miner, threw a log across a 100ft shaft, tied a noosed rope to the log, shoved his neck in the noose, and plunged into the shaft and eternity. Predisposing causes — poverty and uxoriousness ? At Waratah Bay, in Gipps-' land, Vic, Thomas P.adeliffe, who waB arrested on suspicion of having shot his brother Joseph dead, was acquitted. Thomas proved to the Coroner's jury's satisfaction that Joseph accidentally shot himself, doling a quarrel and struggle, while Joseph was pointing a gun at him ? At the- Cobar copper mine, on Tuesday, James Calvie was blown to pieces by tbe premature explosion oi some mullock that was being blasted ? At Trial Bay Creek, near Kempsey, last Monday, whilst Owen Eicnardnon was load ing a gun, a cartridge exploded, and killed. his little daughter ? John Blackshaw, aged 42yeare, an umbrella-maker, living at Glebe (Sydney), put a fatal revolver bullet clean through his disordered brain on Tuesday. Reckoned temporarily insane ? Hiss Lewis, aged 22 years, daughter of Widow Lewis, of the Empire Hotel, Cobar, was killed by a fall from a bolting horse «n Thursday. The caddie girth broke ? Marcella Norman, a single woman, 26 years of age, on Wednes day sight, decided in the 'not to be' by swallowing. come 'Bough on Bats.' Not that she considered herself a rat, but just to be in the fashion — On Thursday, JameB Whiteford, a Melbourne clerk, fell down a lift well and concussed bis brain; and William Young, a Creswick (Vic), miner, dived down a 150ft shaft at Humphrey's mine, and spilled himself into splinters. 