History of the Catholic Church I in Australia.* I In two quarto volumes his Eminence Cardinal Moran has undertaken to tell tbe story of ' the Church of which he is the Australian bead Tho writer's command of material and his interest in his subject singularly qualify him to discharge the historian's office in this respect, in a manner interesting1 not alone to the members of the Church or wmca me progress is aescrioea nere, out to those who will view the volumes as a con tribution to general Australian history. We are informed on the title-page that the work coutaius ' many original and official documents in connec tion with the Church in Australasia, be sides others from the archives of Rome, Westminster, and Dublin, which are hero pressured to the public for the first time.' From the publisher's preface we learn that the writer's intenion has been to make his history a popu lar and readable work. The author's dedi cation inscribes the volumes to those ' Bishops and Priests, past and present, of Australasia, who by their zeal, piety, and self sacrifice beneath the Southern Cross, have laid deep and broad the foundations and are steadily building up the stately edifice of a glorious Church.' The scope of these two volumes is certainly comprehensive. Beginning with some references to early discovery, the convict period, and tlit early days of the colony, it con nects these phases of our history with the work of early clergymen like Therry, M'Encroe, and others. Then comes the career of Dr. Ullathorne, followed by that of Dr. Polding, the first Australasian archbishop. The progress of CatLo licism in all the colonies is then described in separate chapters, and there are chapters ou the education question and the work of the cou vents, and a collection of Dr. Folding's letters. The wider interest this book will command will doubtless depend on the author's expression of his views on matters suggested by the story he has to tell. We .find Cardinal Moran in oue place, for example, among his remarks on early Australasian exploration venturing the theory that De Quiros was the actual discoverer of the Australian continent. By extracts from Arias, Torres, aud the navigator's own petitions to the King he seeks to show that the discovery of De Quiros cannot be re ferred merely to one of the New Hebrides or one of the Solomon Islands. None of these islands has any place to fit the descriptions, says Cardinal Moran, while all the details corre spond with Port Curtis, on the Queensland coast, in about the same latitude as that in which the Spaniard sailed. The theory is an interesting one, but it is doubtful if the known facts of the case will allow of its ever being more than a conjecture. Passing from this subject, the Cardinal's pen paints a squalid picture of the early days of Sydney in the convict period, and ? this part of the work is not pleasant readintr. j Much care is taken to set forth the difficulties and I opposition met with by the Cardinal's predeces sors in missionary work, and some curious j incidents of the old colonial days j are brought to light. Among them may be ^H classed a formal communication from Sir Geoi u' : ^K Gipps, the then Governor, inviting Dr. Polding t J ^K considcrtheadvisablenessofadoptingsomedcsiguu- ^H tion other than that of ' Roman Catholic ' for tbe .^K . community the bishop represented. Some pleasant ^Hf ' personal anecdotes of that prelate, whose name ^Hf was held in respect in his day by all classes, relieve ^H the sombre colouring of this part of the work. ^Bf It is curious to read here how Dr. Polding, m ^Hf petitioning the Holy See for the appointment ^H of a coadjutor and successor, prayed ' your Holi- ^Rf ness to grant that the said coadjutor be an ^B ? — ^K *ffistary cf the Catholic Church in AusiraHn. ^K By I'ateice Fbakcis Cabdi»tal MoEA-\ Ar:h- ^Hf bishop of Sydney. The Oceanic Fublishiug Cjiu- ^K pany: Syduey, 1&95\. ^H Englishman ;' not, goes on the petition, ' that I desire national favours or sentiments, for an Archbishop of my cage should never heed such a matter of nationality,' but because ' in an Archiepiscopal See like this . . . where there are such bitter ani mosities between the Irish and Orauge societies, a man superior to all party spirit and. exalted bv mental accomplishments and social virtues above the ordinary level -would be more acceptable. ' The appointment of Dr. Vaughan, however, instead of inspiring this satisfactory sentiment, called forth an ' uncontrollable rancour' among the Protestant body, says Cardinal Moran. One journal he quotes as saying that the worst 'cargo of human woe and wicked ness unshipped in Sydney Cove ' was preferable to the landing of the Coadjutor- Archbishop. The chapter on the Education question covers the whole history of that controversy, and the steps taken in the direction of popular education since the foundation of the colony. The subject is looked at, of course, from the writer's own point of view, and the Cardinal quotes with evident astonishment a remark by Sir Henry Parkes to Bome school children to the effect that a ' a view of a profusion of green plants and of expanded fields of blue ether, and other similar testhetical objects, would sustain them in the hour of trial and temptation.' This he regards as nothing more than a modified revival of paganism. It is no wonder, we read, that the school inspectors would take their tone from their masters, and that the Catholic schools would be hampered in a thousand ways. In 1SG7 Dr. Polding expressed his dissatisfaction with the way in which the Act of 1866 was administered, and iu reading this part of the Cardinal's ttory, we find the history of the events that led up to the passing of the Public Instruction Act of 1880 from the point of view of his denomination. The Act of 1SGG might have allowed Catholics to hold their own, we read, though under considerable disad vantages. But complaint had to be made of the spirit in which it was administered. 'The 'iovermneut, ' said Dr. Polding, 'while pledged to administer fairly and honourably the system of education, were every day giving proof of a deadly hostility to the Catholic schools.' In June, 1879, appeared the famous joint Pastoral of the bishops, who in that document 'condemn the principle of secularist education with all the veightof our authority,' refer to.' the steady sys tematic way in which our denominational schools are being weakened and extinguished,' and describe a system of national training from which educa tion is banished as a system of prac tical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and the loss of faith, to national ' cil'eminacy and to national dishonour.' ' Cardinal Moran tells how Dr. Vaughan was denounced as a firebrand and the Bishops' words «s a-libel pn every free Australian citizen. He gives a vi^id bketch of the -excited feeling of the time', going on to say that the result may bp summed up in a few words. ' In the political arena the secularists ' achieved an easy triumph,' tut ' the political defeat was soon changed into an abiding moral victory which none can gainsay. Sir Henry Parkes has proved to. be a false prophet. The Public Instruction Act has now been in opera tion for 13 years ; it has not brought death to the priest's sacred calling.' The Cardinal quotes Sir Henry's ' Fifty Years of Australian History' against' himself on the subject. There is a passage in that book which wys that before the Act of 1880 worn out servants were appointed by priests to the offices of teacher. ' Mcndacnn oportet esse mmorem' says his Emi nence, with that dexterous use of an old Latin saw which comes so handily to controversialists ; for during 14 years before that Act came into operation, he reminds Sir Henry, all appointments were made by the Council of Education. The progress of the question in the other colonies is also described in these papers. It would, however, be impossible to follow bis Eminence over the whole of the fields these two volumes cover. They are anec 'iotical, biographical, historical, and con troversial by turns ; and written iu a style that is nothing if not popular, so far as tl.e character of the subject treated will adurit. In the chapters relating to native minions some close observations of the manners and habits oi the blacks are given in such a way as to be interesting to ethnologists, while the writer of Australian his tory will find here materials to aid him in his work. If some cf the pages may seem calculated to revive bitter feelings which we ?would fain think are so rapidly disappearing as to make even comparatively recent incidents seem distant and remote until this account calls their ghosts up again, so much is perhaps a necessity of the subject. As to the way in which these results of Cardinal Moran's literary labours are presented, it must be said that the book reflects credit on the Oceanic Publishing Company, which sends it out. Clear type, gilt-edged pages of good paper, rich morocco binding, and other accessories have been employed to make the volumes presentable. The whole of the work iu connection with the publi cation has been done in 'Australia ; and the illustrations, which are numerous and well executed, reproduce many pieces and scene i of Roman Cathi lie interest, aid many faces of men of the past whose names have become historio in the records of their denomination. . There are now 17,289 cotton and woollen looms in operation in North Carolina. Prisoners when arrested in Morocco are required to pay the policeman for his trouble in taking them to gaol. There are three ordinary modes of execution in China— slicing to piece3: decapitation, and strangu lation. 