Original Novelette- 4 — THE — ' - ' loyal George Beef/ An Australian Tale. BY PAUL TWYFORD. All Rights Rbbebved.J > ' Y.(CoNTnnjBD.) It was of no avail, for. the rain and wind no doubt, prevented the sound of their voices . being heard.' Clearly,' the boy ; didn't like the job, or, perhaps, the proffered fare _was not considered good enough.' She,-, prevailed,: however, and, the lad rowed bravely out mto the stream ; he handled his paddles well, but- just then a huge, uprooted tree swept round the bend, and before he could slew the boat's head, it was fairly on top of them, aud for a moment, woman, boy and boat disappeared from view. Ja'-k's attention " had been riveted on thp womeu, and both he and Fred hurried round to the point - nearest- where the .boat must pass. Thus when the boat was struck they were nearly opposite her. Jack im mediately divested himself of his boots and macintosh, and sprang into the rushing waters-. He swam for the woman whose clothing was supporting her ; the boy clung to the boat, which was soon carried into the river. Frtd had also thrown off his outer garments and boots, and ran along the bank . as far as he could in order to intercept the woman should she be carried into the river ; and as he stood on a low point of land be tween river and gulley, he wa3 in an excel lent position to do so, unless the swirl of the current took her over towards Riverview. Had there been a boat . Fred would have availed himBelf of it and gone to his friend's assistance ; but as there was not he waited to see how matters would turn out. Unfortun ately for Jack, when almost witlun reach of the still floating woman, who seemed to be using her hands as in swimming, a large cedar log came rolling down on him and drove him under. It was then Fred threw himself into the stream and struck out for his friend, who he feared was seriously in jured. The woman had by tbis time been earned into the river, and before Fred could reach his friend he also was carried into the main stream. Before many seconds had elapsed Fred had grasped his friend's hair and so held him above water. Fred had well considered the situation, tor ne Baw tnat me woman, wnom ne naa recognised, was not in immediate danger, supported as she was by a waterproof garment, which bad become inflated and acted like a balloon, while Jack was helpless. It had not taken him long to decide: Jack had once surrendered this woman to him, and now he would save him for her. It was nobly thought and coolly acted upon ; for his theory was quite correct : Jack would have drowned only for him, while Mrs. Attewell — for she it was — was saved by another person, who had also been an eye witness of the whole occurrence.: 1 VL Softly, softly,— hold her in— let her slacken in her pace ; She'll do the pilot's bidding with a grey hound's gentle grace. It was Kate Rohey that saved Lily Atter- well. She had seen the two men on the high bank above Riverview, and was curious to know who they were, and what they were watching so intently — for, from her position, she had not seen her friend's embarkation — in fact she had not the remotest idea that Mrs. Attewell would return from Penrith, whitber she had gone the day before, while the waters were still rising. The actions of the two men being peculiar, and seeing both throw off their water proof coats and run down towards the gulley. She had walked to the brow of the hill, and from there saw the boat, with the boy still clinging to it, shoot out into the river, and while running down to her own little skiff with the intention of putting off to his rescue, it occurred to her that some one else might have been with him. In the brief interval that elapsed be tween Kate's reaching her boat and the boy passing her, Mrs. Attewell had been swept into the river, buoyed np, as already des cribed, by her clothing ; and Kate at once rowed away into the stream and intercepted her for the boat was nearly a hundred yards below the mouth of the gulley. She believed the boy would be picked up by some one lower down— at any rate ho had tho boat to hold on to, while her friend's buoyant cloth ing might collapse at any moment. Having towed "back ashore a feiv yards below River-: view, where some of the servants were waite ing, and telling them to Carry his friend up to the house, Fred again took to ' the water to assist Miss Robey, who he knew could not very well hold her friend up and manage her skiff too. She had, by a clever movement, grasped Mrs. Attewell's dresb, and with the other hand pulled the boat into calmer water, just as Fred like a huge Newfoundland dog, was towing Jack ashore. She was glad to see him enter the water again' and swim to wards the boat which was drifting down stream. Telling her to pull into slock water near the bank, which was sheltered by the (Kiiat upoa which the house stood, he cup ported Mrs Attewell with ono arm and held on to the skiff, with the other, nnl in this manner they were, to wed ashore. Mrs. Atlewcll had fainted- upon being rescued by Miss Robcy, and wbeu Fred lif .cd lier out of the water and laid her upon the bank, she looked deadly pale, and bo bent over her and kissed her, at the same time calling her by name. .Kate starel at this big handsome fellow kueeliug by ber friend aud using such endearing terms as ' dear Mrs. Attowe'i,' and she wondered who he could be. Sbe cortainiy did not recognize him as Fred Morley. How could tahe, ..in the plight he was in ? Besides, he was fully three inches teller than when he loft home, broad in pro- Eortion and bearded like a pard. No, she cd. no -, idea who . he was, and she queried : You know the lady, sir ! Will you kindly carry her up to the house? She is my friend . . . Ho .v can I thank you? Poor Fred ! what a fix to 1)3 in. Here wasi his old sweetheart as lovely to lcok upon as she .was ten years ago — aye, lovelier, for. how sho was a matured woman ; and she did not know him ! Hero, too, was another iwoman he had . said he loved, but whom ho had left to her fa'e in order to save his friend. Thoughts revolve rapidlr, and one oan act while ono thinks.! And thus our stalwart Australian had lifted the lovely Englishwoman in his arms as if she were a child, much to the admiration of Miss Rohey. who, though she did not recognizo .her old .sweetheart, was certainly much impressed with his manly form and handsome face. ' I hope your friend is not seriously hurt, :shq, enquired.. . II will send for a medical man at once. There happens to be one residing at Castlereagh, and if he is at home he will bo here shortly.' ' I am afraid be is hurt, even if he is not drowned. He was like a log when I landed him, though he was alive. You say this lady is a visitor at your house ?' ' Yes ; she went to Penrith yesterday on taut UUPtUCMj mttSUlLlllg IAI Ull I V Sydney ; and hy her returning so Boon waB evidently anxious to see me, or I am sure she would not haye ventured in that wretched boat.' ' How about the hoy ?' asked Fred. ' Oh, he's safe ; I saw some people lower down pick him np. We shall hear of him : to-night, no doubt. Here we are. Kindly carry the lady, into this room. . . ' Thank you, I can manage now. Pray go and attend to your friend. My people will get any thing you may require. Consider me your debtor and this your home, pro tern, at any. rate. And she called a servant to show Fred to where J ack lay in rather a sorry plight. The poor fellow was nearly drowned, his left arm vas broken and other injuries sustained. Happily Miss Robey's servants were intelli gent people, and they hail taken proper measures to resuscitate the young English- ! man. Thus when Fred entered the room i he was gladly surprised to see his old chum . smile— it was the ghost of a smile, though — aud extend his hand. ' Is she safe ?' he asked. ' Yes, old chap ; I had no fear of her from the first, though I was afraid that cursed log . had done for you. You know who she is ?' ' Yes, I recognized her when she stepped : into the boat. Thank God she's alive! Tell me all about it— who saved her ? But | for God's sake, old man, get out of those wet duds.' ' Well, I think I will— that is, if I can find anything to fit me in this old rookery." And Fred sallied forth with an old male servitor to the master's ' room, where some fair sized garments were placed at his dis-; posal. Having thuB added to his comfort - .if hot his appearance — Fred went back to his friend and told him all that had occurred from the time of the log rolling over him; Then a servant announced that Miss Robey had sent to know ' how the gentleman was,' and Fred thought he might as well convey the answer himself. . He found Miss Robey very comfortably seated in a large easy chair nearaoheerful fire, burning on a wide, open, old-fashioned hearth. The room was the picture of comfort and elegance ; it was the lady's own sitting room, and she looked as lovely as woman could look in a loose robe of some soft woollen material, which clung to her supple form and revealed her fine pro portions to the very best advantage. Not so Fred ; for though Robey ' pere' was a stout man he was not near so tall as Fred, who felt rather uncomfortable in appearing thus before his lady-love after so long a separation. By this it will be seen that Fred Morley was no longer a clod ; ten years of roughing it had polished him consider ably, for his associates had often been men of education and who had lived in the great worlds of London and Paris. But though he felt that ' She was a king's daughter And he only a Viking,' she thought him the noblest Ipoking of his sex that she had seen for many a year — since, in fact, some ono went away in a hurry and had not yet returned. And she sighed a deep sigh as she thought that Fred Morley might nrvw hp inaf. hyiaTi nrtrvfhpr flsfhis finn fpllrvtr before her — albeit looking rather ' outre ' in her papa's suit of tweed — for she thought him ' Beautiful as morning, Like the sun at Easter.® While he ' never yet had seen . One so beautiful of mien.' . And well might both be compared to Olaf; Astrid's son, and the beautiful spouse, of King Burislaf, whom Olaf loved. j ' , . Kate did not rise, but pointed to a chair near the bright wood fire. I did hot wish you to leave your frienjd,' she said. ' Please sit near the fire ; you can hardly have got over your long swim. ' I was anxious to hear how he was, and so was Mrs. Attewell.' ' And how is that lady ?' asked Fred. Well, she is, I think, quite well; but it is better that she remain where she is until to-morrow.® ' But how about your friend, Mr. Blandy ?' interjected Fred, seeing that she halted. Mr. Blandy? What a nice name! I must go and tell Mrs. Attewell. Aud yours ?' Fred sprang to his feet, as she rose, and grasped her hand— rather rudely, it might seem — but then he was no carpet knight, but a man of action and impnlse, ' And do yon mean to say, Kate, that yon do not know me, and have not known me — Fred Morley — all along ?' ' Fred Morley ! Is it possible that you are that headstrong youth come to life again ? Why, we all thought you were dead or had married a squatter's daughter up country somewhere.' 'It is quite possible. And now, Kate, let me, here at once— even though we be strangers for ever after — apologise for my wilful, rudeness, and altogether indefeusiblo conduct ten years ago.' ' Poor Fred ! somehow I half suspected that the big. fair giant I saw kneeling by Mrs. Attewell'8 side in a most lover-like at titude, was some ono I had seen before. And now, Fred Morley, can you give me a good account of yourself for tbe whole ten years you bave been rambling like, I suppose, the proverbial rolling stone. You see, I am an old woman, and you, are— well, a ,.verj rough, clumsy man,' and sbe laughed heartily. Fred felt uncomfortable. This splendid woman, he thought, was worth a dozen such as he. Yet if she was to be won at all he'd win her- — always provided tbe Royal George turned out well! . Sit down, Miss Robey, and I will tell jou all.' It will be a long yarn, I expect ; so I had better go and see Mrs. Attewell. I will be back in a few minutes, so don't go away ; and while we are having dinner you cau tell me the story of your ten years' adven-. turos.' ' And Bhe , passed oat of the door with a very merry expression on her beautiful fflCA- Whon Kate returned, Fred beggou &: not to order dinner on his account ; no wauted nothimr : bur would rather sit there by tho fire in the half-.iarke'ov.l room — for. it was now getting !uie in tho day — and tell hor both his own and Jack's adventures. ' No, that will never do she said, we must eat., you know — such people as big 83 you and I — or else we would come to grief. I'll order thprn to bring the dinner in here, so that you needn't shift from tho fire. Your friend, and mine, are invalids, and unless tho doctor comes we shall not be dis turbed.' . ' ' ; . VII. I ' Now I look back — Dimly my thought defines; I only Bee, a dream within a dream.' ' It was a long yarn, that Fred had to spin; and ho kept back nothing. Tho dinner wiis unconscionably long; the servants thought, ; and speculation was rife as to who the big man was that was dining with Miss Kate. : Anyhow, Fred's long narrative pleased; Kate immensely ; and without knowing it, thov wore repeating Shakespeare. For when be 1 Spoke of most disastrous chances, Of moving, accidents by flood and field, Of hair-breadth escapes ' K ito's oyes glistened, and her strong, : white hands worked nervously together. She swore, in faith, 'twas strange, 'twas passing strange',' i'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful :And Yet she wished : . That heaven hod made her suoh a man.' Anyhow, it ended by Miss Robey for giving her recreant knight, and allowing him , \AJ vtlEL AivL 1LUUC, UUU) 1CQU JT , OUU . DCQIUCU as friendly and jolly as if those ten long years had been months ; though Fred sighed when he reflected that he had lost ten years of happiness, which nothing would com pensate for. And so you really thought you loved Mrs. Attewell? Poor fellow! What dunces yon men are. . You think you are so clever, too. Why, we poor women can see through you as if you were made of glass, you are so trans parent. Why, Lilly is dying for love of your friend. She told me all about the sad affair at the Cudgegong, and about you and Mr. Blandy; though strange to say, she never named either of you. Do' you think Blandy still loves her ?' ' Love her ? Yes, fondly as I love Kate Rohey.' Oh, fie! and yet you tell me this after : confessing to me that you loved Lily Attewell. What am I to think of you ?' Spare me, Kate ; I said I fancied I loved her. Besides, how was I to know how you were disposed towards me, or whether you , were engaged to .some other man ?' ' Poor reasoning that, Master Fred. How was I to know how you were disposed towards me ? And yet you find me at the ; end of ten long — very long to me — years a spinster, free and heart-whole.' ' Free no longer, ' said Fred, catching her; in his arms and kissing her as she had never : been kissed before, 'bat mine from this day forever:' ' We won't discuss the situation now, if. you please. . . But about poor Blandy ?; You believe he loves Mrs. Attewell, and; would marry her if she'd consent f 'Gladly, I'm sore — though, like myself,: he is hardly ready to take unto himself a! wife — that is, to make an offer of marriage until he is in a better financial position. We have both great expectations, and if they are realized we shall be able to speak out with more certainty/ 'You must estimate us women very meanly. You know that was tho rock upon which you wrecked yourself ten years ago. Lot's hear no more of such rubbish 2 Mrs! Attewell is now a wealthy woman, and it was no fault of hers that she was not Mrs. Blandy years ago. Had your friend re turned to England, or even written to her, she would have readily atoned for her fault, which, after all, was a mere girlish whim.' ' Poor Jack,' ejaculated Fred, ' like my self he blundered.' 'Blundered?. I should think so. Why yon are such blunderers that tbe wonder is ' how you get through the world at all with- out us women— in foot you can't, and you know it.' ! ' Granted, dear ; but bave you known Mrs. Attewell long ?' . > i ' Yes; she came here some four years ago and acted as governess to the children. It was from our place in Sydney that she was married to Mr. Attewell— a friend of my father's. He was a widower and was very kiiid to her, and as she despaired of meeting Jack again, she accepted Mr. Attewell's offer of marriage. They were on their honey moon tour when he was drowned. It was very sad ; but, naturally enough, the blow was not a lasting ono, though I doubt wnetaer sue would marry again — unless, perhaps, your friend renews his old suit. I hope he will.' ' Amen to that !' said Fred, ' for Jack Blandy is as good a man as ever breathed.' ' . ' Your recommendation should go a long way,' said Kate, smiling and giving him her hand, which he kissed with becoming gravity, as she sailed out of the room to have a chat with her friend, while Fred interviewed one of the man . servants in order to get a message conveyed to tho farm to let the old people know where they were. And then he found his way to Jack's bedside, and was apolo gizing for hip long absence, and stating the cause of it, when the doctor was announced. He bad been away to Sydney, and bad had quite a "hazardous journey borne, and 3till worse in driving from Castlereagh to Riverview. He found that Jack's, arm had been fairly well set by the old steward ; and as it was but a simple fracture he did not apprehend any danger from that. There were several rather ugly bruises about poor Jack's body, including a couple of fractured ribs, which would necessitate a lengthy spell of rest. Having enjoyed his little joke -as most middle-aged medical practitioners do at the expense of young folks . — about the romance of the affair, he hurried off to see Mrs. Attewell, and also to pay his respects to 'Lady Bountiful,' as he was pleased to call Miss Rohey. (To bb Continued.) Indolence is the mother of ugliness. — Anon. The man who marries for money usually earns it. - Albany Argus. Every mortal with a hopeful heart is a capitalist. — Galveston News. It is well to hope for success, but much bettor to deserve it.— Ram's. Horn. 1 A great many men do not get the right kind of neckwear. | Troubles never come singly. It takes two to get married.— Albany Argus. ... A literary genius remarks tbat J apan neods an epio and China an epitaph. It is said tbat the Chinese learn how to run before they can walk.- -"Buffalo Com mercial. . Do a man a favor and and he will be grate- ful enongb to return for another. — N. O. Picayune. It is eeldem that a maU with a big inr come ,i8 ever persecuted for righteousness' a aba. 