omAffMhA I I iiiie. I There are few more cheerful places on a cold and winter night than a smithy with its tearing fire.. The ruddy glow and sparkle of lisht. the interested faces of the village loungers, the roar of the bellows, j and the cheerful ring of the smith's hammer on the anvil, all combine to make up a comfortable rural picture of light and warmth. The smithy at Godserofton a cold December evening was no exception io this rale ; it was warm and bright, and filled to overflowing with village gossips, met to talk over the events of the day. The grouped men collected round the fire was just such a group as may be found round any smithy fire in the country, hard-headed, hard-featured, hard-fisted, shrewd, sen sible men ; keen politieiang, learned in polemical controversy, fond of argu ment on most subjects, and able to take an intelligent, although often prejudiced, in terest in almost all the leading topics of the day. Such were the lonugers collected round the smithy fire at Godsoroit, listening eagerly to a man who was in many respects dissimilar to them. There was about him an easy breadth, a freedom, an expansiveness of ges ture and manner, which suggested cotonial life. He had an air as it the village street were scarcely wide enough for his swinging stride, as if he felt the little world of the smithy, the arena of the intellectual heroes of Godscroft, narrow and circumscribed. He was good-looking with a sun- embrowned complexion, aad dark eyes with a merry twinkle in them ; while a strong, squarely-cut chin and jaws gave character to a face that would otherwise have been only weakly good- natured. A large wiry-haired dog, of a mongrel and nondescript tjpe, lay at his feet, and formed the theme of conversation. " It's a bonny doc o' its kind and a guid dog, I'se warrant ; but I will never allow that it's a collie," said one speaker. 44 Did I ever say that it was? It has nothing of the collie abcut it, although it has more than a collie's intelligence." ' It's a dour- looking beast," said another. " It reminds me of a wolf I once saw in Wombell's menagerie, that came round this conntry-side four years ago come Lammas. — Ye'll mind it, Geordie?" "You're none so handsome youreelf, Jock," said the stranger, " that yon should object to the want ef beauty in Others. Did you never hear tell of the proverb, 4 Handsome is as handsome does V Bill, here, is better than he is bonny, and that he has proved." 41 Tell ns all about it. It's just grand to hear ye telling these outlandish stories," said one of the bystanders. " It would be sway out there in Aus tralia, I'se warrant," said another. 44 Yes, boys, it was," said the tall, bronzed, bearded man who owned Bill ; and he tossed back his hair And gave his forehead a rub, as iffto quicken the bump ef memory, and I straightway began. "You want Bill's story, mates. Well, hero it is. Some of yen here, I don't doubt, will re member that when the old tnan died in theh&rd; winter of 70, I left the old country, that was pretty well used up for me, to try my tuck in the Australian sold fields, where they need to tell us down here that the gold might be got for the mere trouble of lifting it up. What I got and that was never very mnch, took a precious deal of hard work, I can tell you ; and what with one thing and, another, I tired of it-, and went up the oountry to a big squatter, a kenned man and a kindly, for he was one of Hunter of Godsoroft's sons, and hired myself to be one of his shepherds. I had a good berth with him, nothing to complain of, either in the way of work, or meat, or wages; bnt it was an out-station, and it was terribly lonesome 1 missed my mother, poor old body, more than I can tell you. Many a time it would havedone my heart eood just to have heard the click of her knitting needles, or seen the whisk of the ekirte of her old black gown and sometimes I laughed, and sometimes I almost shed tears, when I thought how It would have amused her to have semi me with my sleeves turned up kneading damper or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky fire. "However, it was better, as I often said to myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad neighbor ; and my sheep kept me in so much ! Went that I had rery little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wan dering fit, and 1 would . get up some fine pkorning and find the hall of the hirsel gone ; and nothing for it but to scour the country far and near till I came upon the track of them. IhaVe seen me ride fifty miles before I same up with Asm.' . "Eh, man, but ye would be fearsome when ye did," said an old schoolfellow ap preciatively. ( She big Australian withered him with a look, and went calmly on. 'ft " 1 wii out .one day after a lot of these W-lmed woqlly trespassers, that werens itrtftaa deer and as cunning as the oldest M In your apinnays here j and lhad uot Mflb as muenai apnnt of one. of their -feet'; I had tes riding . since the morning win, and I was spent with hunger- pud fatigue when the bight oame down npon me pitch dark, not n star visible — a peep Egyptian darkness that could almost he felt. I oould not so mnoh as tev my hand when X held it up before me." w "Ye were aye a banld billy," said another retrospective schoolfellow, 44 but that would daunton ye. What did ye do ?" 44 What could I do? To turn back was | more dangerous than to go forward. I let my borse solve the difficulty. He seemed to see what was before him ; I could not ; and we went on, and on, and on tiil I saw a shimmering gleam flash through the mirk darkness of the night, and heard the rush of water. It was a creek, as we call them in those parts; and as the horse, made no pause, I rode boldly on, and by God's mercy, rather than my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got safely to the other side. The steep bank was overgrown with bush, as I could see by & glint of moonlight that flashed ont all of a sudden, and I was just taking a look round to see if I could make out where I was, when my ears were pierced by the most awful ery I think I have ever heard. It was so loud, and so shrill, and so full of pain, that it fairlv made my blood ran cold. I leaped ont of the saddle in sheer fright, and looked round me like a man bewildered. The wide bare pastures aud s crabby bush around were devoid of any hntnan habitation, and yet it was like the cry of some poor hnman creature in the extremity of distress. It was so ghastly, so unearthly, that the horse I was riding, although he was a steady old brute, shied, and swerved sharply round. He was in such a panic, that I could not help remembering mother's old world stories about ghosts, although I tried to tell myself that there was no such thing. However, ghost or no ghost, I was bound to go on ; so I set a stout heart to stay brae ; and when I found that I could not torce the terrified brute np the bank, I dismounted, and tied him to a young gam tree. 4 1 had scarcely set my face to the bank again, when the same cry sounded out once more. I tell you, mates, it made the blood run cold round my heart, it was so shrilly wild, so unearthly, so despairing, and, to make it worse, the black night oame down on me again mirk and heavy, like the blackness of the parish mort-cloth I used to wonder at when I was a boy. I had not the least idea in what direction to turn, and was standing irresolute, when I heard the cry again, and it sounded nearer, and was so distinct that I thought I could go straight to the very spot it came from. The bank was so steep that I had to scramble up on my hands and knees, often slipping back and stopping to listen ; but I could hear nothing except the soft gurgling piaeh of the water down beneath me. I was not sure which way to turn, when I heard the cry again right out of the scrub before me. I was in the right direction — that was one good thing ; bnt I will never deny that I was frigh tened a bit, it was such a terrible cry, and the spot was so lonely. I had that spirit in me, though, that 1 would not go back ; and I crept for ward on my hands and knees towards the top of the bank, which was oorered with a close low bash. It was a bit of a climb, and I had stopped a minute to get my breath, when I thought I heard a low moaning noise olose to me. I gripped my revolver, but it was of little use in the darkness, so £ took out instead a big bowie knife I always carried, and held it ready in my hand. The next moment there was a sort of hurtling rush through the air above me, and something leaped right down upon my shoulders. 1 gave a yell, and then another ; and then away down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing at each other in an agony of mortal frigh t, As soon as I could getjny right hand free, I gave a desperate thrnst with the knife ; and with a yell of rage and pain, the creature dropped off from me ; and I heard the thud of its fall on some projecting rock or bosh that had caught it in its downward descent. "I was more frightened then hurt, and soon scrambled to my feet. As a smoker is never without matches, I soon had a light, with which I groped my way down to where the creature lay, and what do yon think I found? ' " A teeger, maybe," said another old School -fellow. 44 Ye .silly gowk, there are no tigers in Australia. I found Bill ; bnt my word, he was not the comfortable well-fed beast he is to-day. I don't think I ever saw such a dog as he looked then, either before or since. He was ja gaunt starved skele ton, bleeding slowly from a wound in the side whioh he had got in his straggle with me. He made no attempt to esoape, bnt lifted his head and gave mea look so pathetic, eo almost human in its mate, reproachful appeal for help, that it fairly went to my heart I spoke gently to him ; and he leoked up at me as If he would fain have spoken and . told me , Ids story. Helet me stanch the blood that was. trickling from fiis eide ;and I bound up the wound as wsll as Icotdd. . Hethenwtsag'- gered tohis feet and whined, and naught my : sleeve with his.toetiy-andv showed me as plainly, m if he had spoken thathe Wanted meto loSowhim. , : r V 11 1 took up the lantern and he wagged his tail and licked my hand ; and we scrambled mp the bank together, and then, always whining, and looking hack, he led the way into the bosh. The brushwood wag eo thiok and dense ht I was al- most beat. I oould scarcely force my j way through ; but whenever I stopped ot get a mouthful of breath, he whined and fawned on me, and palled at my sleeve, and showed snchan agony of distress that I could not but pity the poor dumb beast, and make all the haste I could to follow. By this time the day was beginning to break, and it was notao dark as it had been. He had led me to a sort of cave formed by a shelf of rock pro jecting from the bank, and there, wrapped in a tartan shawl was a sight that brought my neart to my month, A girl, a bit lassie, so sorely wasted and spent that I lifted her up in my arms like a child and carried her up i to the open. Her eyes were closed, and she i-eemed too far gone for speech ; but there j' was life in her still, as I could see by the fleering of her eyelids when I stooped down jto took at her. 'V'V As for the dog, who had crawled after viri he looked np in my face with his pathetic -eyes full of a dumb prayer for help ; and then — for he was fairly -'beat, and could not, I believe, have dragged his trembling limbs another step-4e stretched himself on the grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand. . I was in such a state of excitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to do ; bat I got some water and laved her face and moistened her lips ; and when she had swallowed a few drops she came round so far that she could utter a word or two in a faint whisper. 44 Thus, bit by bit, I got her story. She and her father had been on their way borne from tiie gold fields, and he had a consider able sum of money on him, how mnch she scarcely knew, and it made little matter, for it was all gone. In a darksome gully on the road he had been set upon and robbed and murdered ; and she had fled into the bush like a distracted crea ture, and wandered about day and night till Bill had oome back to her, and she had fol lowed him to this oave, where she had lived for some weeks on such berries and roots as she could find. She was afraid to leave its poor shelter, for she had lost her way completely, and was thoroughly bewildered ; and so, when tbe supplies of roots and berries — never very plentiful in an Australian buBh — began to run short, she gave herself up for lost, and lay down in despair to die. 4< Poor thing ! My heart was in my mouth as I listened. Gaunt and h&sg;&rd; as she was, it was easy to see that she had been a bonny lassie; and her voice was bo sweet that it was like a song from Paradise. 4 You must not speak of dying,' I said — 4 you that have all your life before you, and can scarcely tell yet how pleasant a thing it is to live.1 " 1 ha ve no desire to live longer,' she said. 4 I have nothing to live for now that my father is gone and she closed her eyes and shuddered. "She spoke with a pre tty accent, andher voice sounded in my lonely ears like the sweetest musio I had ever heard ; bat although she was so gentle aud sweet, she quite knocked all the conceit out of me, and 1 could oiily stare at her and mumble. 4 No, no-f you must not talk of dying.1 44 When she revived a little, I carried her down to the place where I left my horse, and by his aid I got her home to my hut, where she lay for many days more dead than alive. She wauted nothing but a sip ot water or tea ; and when she came round a little, a mouthful of damper. It was poor fare for an invalid, and one, too, who had evidently been daintily nurtured ; and I expected nothing bat that it would kill her outright. She rallied, however, ana got up at last, and crept to the door ; and the fresh air helped to strengthen her ; aud, as was natural for so young a creature, the heavy oloud of grief that had oversha dowed her lightened a little, and she began to sing softly to herself, in a sorrowful heart broken way, that saddened me to hear, hut was better for herself, maybe, than the silent despair in which she had been since the day I found her. 44 As for Bill here, he had got better long before she was able to move about ; and although he' always took a charge of her, he showed a great affeotion for me, and liked nothing better than to follow me about. 44 1 could make out nothing clearly about Katie — for that she told me was her name — except that she was the daughter of a poor gentleman, that her mother was dead, and that she and her father had always been all in all to each other. He had made money at the diggings, bat that was gone ; she was all that was left ; and I oould see for myself that she was the bonniest bit lassie that ever gladdened a man's heart. Her eyes were bright and blue, like the dewy bells I need to gather when I was a laddie on the Godscroft rigs ; her hair had the color and glint of burnished gold ; and her cheeks began to show the loveliest color, like that of the sweet fresh wild roses. "I think I see her as if it were bnt yesterday baking back the curling hair from her brow, and lifting her bonny bit face to mine, and asking how she. was to do this, and what she was to make of that, for she bad never been used to work ; and . I had to show her how the simplest things -were done ; but she was quick at the uptake, aud never needed to be told a thing twice ; and I liked her to ask my ad vice, for when she did so, her eyes would shine like gems, and her face would flush up almost asif she liked me; but that, I tola myself, was impossible. "The long and the short of it was that I began to like her too well for my own peace. The only happy moments in my life were spent in watching her, or listening with the keenest delight to every word she uttered. She told me often about the books she had read ; and she spoke sometimes of the life she had led, a life altogether unlike mine. My heart sank within mewben I thought it over. What was I that I should -think of vistiik ' her love; I had nothing to ofier her bnt the true affection of a feud lovinghsart. Ioouid not oven tell her how weU I liked ber . 1 trorahled before h« llke aawepen leah and- oould eoaromy get ont a word it it. were to save my life. Thatwaea rough time on me mstes. I was so wretched that X got senr and groff, and spoke sharply to the very creature I could have fallen down and worshipped. So, from iees to more, die got to think I was tired of her I presenoe there $ and one evening— how well I remember it— she was standing full in the blaze of the firelight, her figure erect, her hands loosely clasped before her, her bonnie blue eyes fixed wistfully on mne. 44 1 must have been a great trouble to you, she said quietly. And you have been very good to me. And now I feel quite strong. If you will put mo on the right road to— morrow, I will go away with Bill, and never trouble you any more.' 44 1 Where T I almost shouted, clutching Bill's collar as I spoke. 44 4 To the city ; it was there my father was going.' ' 4 Have yon any friends there ?' 44 4 No ; I have no friends anywhere ; but I have learned to work. I shall find work there, I hope.' 44 4 Stay with me, Katie,' I cried in utter despair. I have not much to offer you ; but I love you — you must have seen how I love you.' 44 She did not answer me in words, bnt she stole her little soft hand into mine. How happy I was ! I could scarcely believe in my own good fortune, for I had never dared to hope that it waB pos sible that she could like me. 44 There was nothing to be gained by , waiting. Handsome trousseaux are not easily come by out in the Australian bush. ' We went down to the station, where the parson ofaanoed to bt making his rounds, and were married. The very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper, I think. We were like Adam and Eve in Paradise. I never saw the sun shine so brightly as tdid that spring, or the grass look so fresh and green ; and my bonny bit lassie was as pleased as a queen and as blithe asa mavis. If I were to speakfor ever I could never tell you of all the true and tender feeling of a lad and his lass who love each other as we did. Earth was like heaven if, us, and that lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me!" we were driven too soon from its shelter. 44 She was as merry as a iinnei, as I said before, and her eyeB glanced like diamonds, and her cheek bloomed like the red, red rose ; bnt for all that, the canker was at the root of my bonny flower. She complained of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnier every day ; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself ; but I struggled sore not to ses it. 44 4 When I cannot stay any longer with you, John,' she said, promise to bury me beside my father.' 44 For I had gone out to the bush and looked for the murdered man, and found him lying where she had covered him up with leaves aud moss. A ghastly object he was to look at. with his skull beaten in, and his clothes all covered with clotted blood ; and I had laid him in a decent grave, and happit him np close and warm — for love of her, that was even then the very light of my eyes. 44 'Don't speak in lhatway, Katie,' I cried; 4 1 cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are better to-day — tell me that you feel etrouger? 44 4I think I do,' she answered, looking wis. folly attic ; but that very night, when we were sitting on a bench I had put up outside the door, she leaned her head against my shoulder, and I thought she was tired, and was falling asleep ; but after a few minutes she opened her eyes, and there was a solemn far-away look m their btne deeps that fairly frightened me. 4 John,' she whispered so low that I could just hear her by bending down my ear to her mouth — 4 John, you have been a dear good husband to me. Kiss me, and bold me fast, for I feel as if I were slipping awav. " Woes me, how gladly would I have held her fast for ever ; but I oould not ; she was slipping away from me, and from all things earthly. There was a flutter of her bonny white eyelids, along, long gasping breath, and she was gone. Bill, there, is all that I have left of her, and rongb, mongrel tyke that he i3, the money is not coined that oeuld bny him from me !" He drew his large brown hand across his eyes. 14 it is years since now, and tbe world has need me not unkindly. I am a prosperous man ; and my wife up there — and he pointed to the village inn behind him — 44 is a good woman, and has made me an excellent wife, and we are happy enough. I have nothing to complain of ; but oh! I never lay my hand on Bill's rougn head but I think of my lost love, and the place where she lies by tbe side of her murdered father far out in tbe Aus- tralian bosh.' — Chambers's Journal. 