OUR TELEPHONE. Hello, Exchange ! We want a barrister. Right I Which one ? Oh, anything with horsehair on will do. Here you are, then. Here's a gentleman in apectaoles. Ring now ! Hello, there 1 Is that a barrister of the Supreme Court of New South Wales ? Yes. Well, in the first place, are you a relation pf a judge ? No — no such luok 1 But I've been a judge's associate. Oh, indeed ! Attention, please, while wo isle a few questions. Look here, old man, I'm a barrister, and I would prefer in a matter of advice like this you should see me through a solicitor I No you don't, thank you! One of your tribo at a time is good onough for ua to deal with ! Besides, this ia not a mattor of fees, so pub that out of your head at onoe. Not a matter of fee3? Oh !— good morning ! Whoa I Just a moment, pjeaso. Wo wish to ask you something. Of course you need not inoriminnte yourself unless you choose. Now, answer — Did you on tho 27th inst. ride in a oab at the publio expense to the Governor's leveo P Well — I — er — h'm ! Remember — you're on your oath ! Mind that-^-apd we'll ask his Honor to make a note of it. Did you, or did you pot, ride to the Governor's levee ip a oab at the people's axpqnseP Come no\v— yes or no? I say, is that old Piloher asking the ques tion ? Nevermind about old Pilcher. This is no bluff. The Sunday Times desires to know, pou know ! Wall, I did ride free to the Governor's levee I Cabs were sont to the Courts by order From the Attorney-Gsnsral's Department, and the practice haa bpen followed for fifteen years. For fifteen years, eh ? For that long period lawyers have boon riding to tho levee, and [lipping their hands into the people's purse to pay the cabman? Now that's not a nice way to put it ! The truth is unpalatable. Ono other ques tion : Don't you think it a mean praotioe? Well, it wasn't exactly the decent thing, I admit. But you seo it was this way. It was neoessary that a tone of respectability 6hould be assured for Governor's levees, so this devioe of having free cabs waiting at the Courts for lawyers was hit upon with that object. Had to go to tho lawyers for respeotability ! Yea. Then Heaven help Sydney ! Goodbye. Hoy 1 Hold on a minute. Shall I look for a cheque on account of our little consulta tion ? Yes, do. Keep on looking, May scevo to strengthen your eyesight. Ting, ting. a o 9 Hello, Exchange, hitch on to the cable, and call up Mr. Eddy. But where is ho to be found? Oh, he's not far from the cable end ; just tell him Sunday 1'isies wants to speak, to him. Hello, Sunday Times, what's tbe matter? Can you tell mo what's tho meaning of this delay about my re-ongagement? Thatyou,Mr.Eddy ? We notice youhave been cabling to the Government lately, but it seems they are too busy to attend to you at present. How are things looking in England ? Well, to toil the truth, none of the big companies have been running after me muoh. Still there's no timo to ba lost, you know. Why doesn't your Government get that extra thousand passed? Probably because they think it isn't any use trying. Besides, they have several other things on their minds at present, and pro bably think your little affair cau wait. Wait ? — mo wait ! — but you know that you are running a risk of losing me altogether? Sup posing I was to get another offer of ,£4000. Our advice would be to take it, or even half. As a matter of fact, you don't stand Buckley's chance of getting .£4000 here. Do you moan to tell nje that ? And what are you going to do with your railways ? Well, if you don't come baok for your old screw wo shall try and run them all the same without your assistance. It may be foolhardy, but we shall certainly make the attempt. Yes, I suppose so; but do you think there is actually a majority against the J24000 in Parliament ? I thought perhaps Reid was only bluffing, so I told him not to briug it on. Don't you think they will come round when they find me firm? Not the ghost of a show. Dear me ; I almost feel Borry I came away without having the mattor Rettled, but per haps they would split the difference. Mind, I don't say I would take J23500, still I wouldn't like to haggle over trifles. Of course not, but we fear that people are beginning to get the idea that you are not altogether indispensable, and its doubtful if Parliament would even spring that .£500. That's really very sad and strange ! Bnt is tho colony going to the bad altogether? Oh, no; your absence hasn't had any marked effect upon our prosperity so far. Don't you think ou tho whole you might do worse than take the old .£3000. Clear of Income Tax, of course. I suppose tho country \yould pay that, anyhow ? We couldn't say ; but ib seems to us the public are becoming more or less resigned to your loss. Don't Btand upon trifles if you want to oome baok. Ting, ting. « * * Hello ! Is that the Sunday Times? Yes. Who calls P The Man in the Lobby at Parliament Hpuse. Yery well ; wbt*t is your business, please? Well, we've had a great week of it— my oath ! Now, that will do ! You've been told before that Parliamentary language is not allowed through tho telephone. Beg pardon. Won't occur again. But we have had a time of it. The ' gag ' was shoved on, and the language it provoked was sufficient to warrant the use of the other gag, Gould's gag. You should have heard it ! Thanks; we would rather be excused. But what's the upshot of all tho talk ? Oh, old Cassidy's still aoting the angora about the refreshments, and Canuon's invented a white ant knook out, and will probably suffocate all the members in their rooms before he has done experimenting. That may not be altogether a misfortune. But really, we do not seek information about the officers of the House. What of tho politi cal situation ? Well, just a\vful ! I give you my word that during the past week youoouldn't sit down to a quiet game of dominoes or nap without being disturbod by tbe quorum or division bell ! I don't know what politics are coming to in this qpuntry — I dou't indeed ( Poor' fellow ! But collect your thoughts for a moment— -or collect somebody else's if you haven't any of your own — and tell ua how stands the Government ? I I'll give you the straightest tip, not yetpuh lisliptl. Fire ahead, then. The Government, in spite of ridiculous anomalies in the proposed tariff reform, will win hands down in the Assembly. Yes — well? Then the Council will pass the Tariff Bill and make them feel all right, but immediately afterwards the fossils will chuck out the Land or Income Tax, whiohever is first submitted. What then? Why, then the Government will be in the soup. Oh! yes, they will appeal to the country (if this little chat of mine does not set them thinking), but they will get whopped there ! How do you make that. out? Simple enough ! Th^y will have the deter mined opposition of all those detrimentally affected by the proposed tariff reform, and also of the Civil Service, who view with fear the threat of a quarter of a million reduction. Yes, that's not unlikely. Well,' then the Ministerial side will be more or leas apathetic, being oocksuro of aucce.ss ; but the other Bide, who have their pockets to defend— their pockets, mind your wiil poll every vote available. Yonr words are full of wisdom. Strange that you should bo in Parliament! Never mind about that. You take my word for it that the influences I have named will defeat the Government if thoy appeal to tho country. They are in a mighty tight plaoa, anyway ! So it appears ! Ting, ting ! ? o o 9 Hello, Exchange ! Give U3 Mr. Ewjng, M.P, * ? Are you there Mr. Ewing. How is the new Federal Party getting on? - Splendidly ; going ahead by leap3 and bounds. It increased by 50 per oent. during the week. We got another now reoruit on Wednosday. % Oh, yes ; that was the day of the second meeting at the Australia. Is it true that you had an attendance of fully half-a-dozen there? Perfectly correct, in fact the way the move ment is progressing is perfectly astonishing! Parkes, Martin, Ellis and I already feel our selves the progenitors of tho nasoent nation. Yes, you ought to get your photos taken as the fathers of Federation before yonr party gets too big to go into a group ; but ia it true that you are going to put things right through all alone by yourselves this time? Most decidedly. Parkes says ho only wants , a few trusty henchmen like us to do the busi ness proporly. After a few more meetings of the party he thinfcs things will be ripe for action. But surely, oven at the present remarkable ' rato of progress, it will be well into the next century before your party is numerous enough to act effectively ? Not muoh, it won't — we don't want a orowd. Tho fewer the better, so look out for a grand coup--but keep it dark, mind I Oh, certainly. Wo won't tell Sir Henry you told us. That's right. Well, we shall probably watch for an opportunity when the Labor Party aro engasred at dominoes, and O'Sulli van is reviewing tho unemployed from tho balcony. Then the Speaker and the Premier will bo manacled, gagged, and thrown into outer dnrkness. Sir Henry will be proclaimed the first president of the Australian Federated Republic. Martin, Ellis, aud I will be the Cabinet, and Dibbs sent to England to fix up things amicably if possible with tho British Government. We don't want to fight, but by jingo if we do ? Ah, just so; but don't be too hard on the British lion ! Anyhow, your plan has one advantage. And that is— — That you don't propose to waste time in converting the electors. No, Parkes has given up that idea; ha says he can't afford to wait. Quite right; let as know when yon oont*- mence business. Ting, ting. 