LMS00M& W litlllf a. very charts pace of time--so short that few have noticed its disappearance -there stood . brick building in the suburbs <_f the city of A ImmJn which was awBgon-ehop and a smithy combined. The place had nun than a loca ; reputation, on account of the excellene.e of i work, (he smith bang especially proficient in hia dep irtment, employing the art ofa Teterin wy Burgeon In a rude but successful way. Nor had he his equal in the countzy for putt a»hoe on a horse, the most fractious animal eubfitting itself to his skilled hand without demonstration. Indeed his dbSant T-s-t!' whistled through his teethin en indescribable manner, acted like H charm on the most nn» roly equine spirit." So titere Darner's forge was glowing when others were dark aoi silent, and his rivals expressed their dislike for him and his suc cesses in many ways. They sneered at hrm for s half-breeed and attributed his lack to tlie arts ofsavagery. The smith did not care There -was only one thing on earth. for which he did care-that was his beautiful daugh | ter Pauline, the stale<y gid who would have graced lite mist refined home in the state, but who had relumed from school with no higher ambition than to serve in her father's kitchen. There was little else to the whole abode, save the loft above, but it was as neatand dainty as loving hands could make it. None of the neighbouring houses had such quaint decorations. The wings of bright pluma*>ed birds crossed on die walls. Bow and arrows -tied with strings of wampum. Moccasins of soft skins, embroidered in rare patterns with many colored beads, uniike any work done by skilled Americas hands. Far why ! Pauline Damer was the daughter of an Indian princtss, and inherited her right to do such ! work, for her instincts were those of Iter mother's picturesque people, the Tulfcas, whose name means art and who are neither nomads nor idolaters, bat a people who are past masters in all the am -and industries. When the.. dark-skinned young wife of Steve Dwner died, he went back to civiliza tion to find himself an alie 1 and his bnght credbaby squaw, his little spmu, an object of impertinent curiosity. 'A marriage with a squaw is no marriage at all in the eyes of white law.'eaid the good people who sustain missions for Christiaiuz ing 'he Indiens, and they then signified their willingness to receive the child barbarian as a ward of the nation. But Steve Damer was loyal to the memory of his dead wife and her beople, and refused to-past with his Pauline, or givB her over even temporarily to the deepisera of her mother's race. He did, however, send her to school, where she Was even to the extent -of .being admired and j petted, for two reasons. One was that ahe . was considered & sprig of nobility, however rough and rude the branch from which she < came z the other because phenomenal Bums - himBdTout of eight. The money was her awthtrt,* heritage her father need to makehera scholar and a I&dy.; which last .he was by birthright. Damer was busy in his shop, for it was race week, and the horses needed careful prepara tion for the event on which eo many thous* ands of dollars were staked. Bendemeer had been brought over from San Francisco to have his Shoes refitted, and Hankipoo was being shod bnew on all fours. whQe8on-of a Chan waited his torn. Jockeys and hostlers and a few own era stmnpaoiel the horses.: All lb talent was on hand and there was the i usual acrobatic betting, the stakes heme of unusual importance. Little Tough had *oaa£»» furlong race in hOl the fastest time, made by a 2 yearold, and Jordan had beoa fouled at thehead' of thestretch. So: ihe. talk went on until allhad taken their turn and gons/witb the exception of one man an owner who sent his jockey., away and lin gered to hare a confisential talk with the smith. 'Why doesn't Harlow Xiincoln bring his chestnut here to be shod?* was the firtt ques tion when they were aloae. 'Ask him," answered the smith cnrflyj he knew his man and did not feel it wsb necess ary to be civil, 'Have a swallow," said the other with.* disagreeabla smile, extended a handsome sil Ter-tnouBted flask toward (he smith. *39ow do I know itaint fixed?1 asked Da^ier suspiciously. 'Great Caesar's ghost, mim, have you no common sens;? I want you to hare all pour wits about you if-if Linooln's Delight isto low the race to- morrow. I should think youwould want to be even with him for all his snubs and alights/ Damer took a long draught from the flask before answer.ng. Thesubtlety of the liq nor entered into his heart and brain.* As long aB he let liquor alone-and he knew .it for a fart-he was a decent man. Whin he drank he became ngly and morose, and easily offended, It was long since his last spree, lie had promised PanHBe-^ha! Paul, inethe thought of her accelerated the work of the liquor. Harlow J&incoln; had slighted Pauline in someway. Damer did not know. how1 hot on her coming there the young ranchman had sho wn her jnnch attention, and ehe almost admitted to her'father that she looked upon him as a king among men, ana then be had stayed away, and ever since Paiiline had losther Ught-heartedness. Damer heard to often, the taunting couplet of Ills own people: Tne floods may pourfrom mom till night, \- 3Sbr wash the pretty Indian white. He hated loncoln for not returning his danghtes's love, and this scheme to get even appealed to his worst nature, Put into speeoh it meant that the smith should getacross to Delight, the famous running chestnut hooked for the morrow's race, and cripple the animal to as to prevent him running on the track, lo (he little honor he had left, he refused monqr for the -crime. . He was willing, in.his caps, to do the -dastardly deed solely for revenge, . Neither of the conspirators saw a shadow cross the door-sill wid speed away into the gathering night. It was Pauline, who had cone to the emithy to walk home with her father, asshe often did, leaving the supper readytoeaton the table. Sow she did nDt go home, but atraight as an wow fliei.she eonghtthe home of Har low Xiincoln. Ho blush of maiden delicacy stained her olive cheek. She thought notof herself, but of the two meu die loved, her father and Harlow Lincoln, who had stolen the sweet possession of her -voung heart bom'her. She knew how much lie . cherished - the chestnut ' Delight aad that a fortune awaited him should he win-and-she would save her father from luw^g * . , Hut Xiincoln was nway from home. Hie bachelormenage was closed and no one about but ihe man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he cosfldently believed to vic l^elittle jodkfy had heard of the Indian princess, but had never seen her, and he was so^eased withher foeaoty that he at once took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of nbtah fo wew as lus colors. i together they visited the stable and Paul ine took around. 'Does someone watch here aU night?' she ? asked. - 'I flo/said the jockey proudly; I had my be£ 'longside o* Delight and lock* up, and I ; has pistols, aadknow how to shoot.* The girl etood bythe favourite who had ; been watched and admired every hour of the day.and was nervous as awotnan. fanlue touched the adky ckio that shone in a hun dred golden lights in the glare-of the lai*torn which this jockey lighted. It was beautifal, , bnt she belonged to a people who do nitlove thehorae, except as an article of diet. Bnt she loved the horse's master. Sot tbst she had admitted it to herself. I, as a relater of facta, may state -what I know, The native delicacy pl hv Indian nature was tempered by tWireserve of her white blood. Not for world's would she have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could bve made hioheavea.. She went lea ring no message, and much troubled about the course sjie should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did lie come later, and she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined in go back to the stable and warn theyoung man if he had ret urned and if he were still absent, to caution the little Jockey, She waited long after coming tothisdecis ion; then taking down from the wall the coil of rawhide that hung there, she hid it under tiie Berape she wore, and sped away, light of foot 3>ut heavy of beartt, to the rescue of Delight and her father, There ail -was dark,and stQi, except an occ asional stamp of the impatient animal, or a low whinney, and Pauline called in vain for the boy or atr attendant, and at last finding a window high up in tite stable open/she sca led the wall, and groped her way through the gloom, to a place where she nouldBee the floor below and Delight in his stall, withthe jockey sleeping heavilybEeidehim. She little fellow had been drugged, and would cot awa ken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with a horrible fear -of the consequences to her father. She was afraid of him, too, when he hal been drinking, aid knew he would not listen to reason. What should she do ! Seating herself on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she heard a noise at a side entrance to the bnild isg. All the possibilities of the occasion rushed into her mind like a torrent. What if her father did not come, and Harlow Lur coln did? it might not be necessary for her to incriminate her lather, but then how could she account for her own presence there ? And the condition of the boy ? And then the door opened nadthe outline of a. man appeared. It was her father! He crept in stealthily-so unlike his ' usual free step-and quieted the excited; horse with the familiar 'p*8»t!' Then he droppodon one knee and took up the left hind foot. But he badno tame to wreak Us will on the poor brnte. Something whizzed (trough the air in the black, snaky circle, ; tnddescending with unerring certainty drew | aauc around the neck of of fite«e Ua<ner, ttretching out on the floor where he writh ed black in the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged andenorbed. and screaming with fear, tried to break his halter. There was a moment's commotion at the door in front of the stable which s broken from .its hinges, and Harlow incoLa, followed by several excited men, urat into the place.. . It took but a moment to realize the true meaning of theecene, and then' each man caught hold of the lasso, and gave it a twirl. But like a spirit; a form glid ed between them and cot the aoweat the neck at &e; prostrate and unconscious "nan. .£ saved your horss-give me my father's life," said the girl, confronting 'the angry owner of Delight. 'Sou-taved-my-horee ?' . heaskodin scoin« ' fill incredulity, ? ' Tw. You Ho not know how to care fo precious tilings. The bo/ has been drugged, and your enemy-not my father-ia Bt your door. My father ni the tool of. wioHur man. Give me his lifr To-. ?: win tie race to-morrow. . ' you can sever hear of us again." Damerhad recovered his consciousness and was on hie feet, but being sobered could not recall hia part in the affair. Take him,* said Lincoln not unkindly, and if yon saved my horse I thank you Paul ine. she losked like a young queen as she led the bewildered man away and one of the men made a slighting remark about her Injun blood giving her a good ga.it, and measured hie length on the floor before the speech vraa veil out of his mouth. .You will please speak - respectfully of Delight's friends-and uiine,' said Lincoln, with te fierce gleam in his eye. The mert daytUe little jockey wa« all right and figured to via. lie woro the ribbun of the Tndian princess, and Delight ran from start to wire in the good time of 1"13, distan cing nil competitors. When the owner of the winning horse counted up his gains he was satisfied to beep that which be hadwan and retire to Ills ranch a rich' man. He thought mush of Pattline in those days, as he had at an other and earlier phrase of "their acquaint-' ance.: Her beauty, her . maidenly modesty her many graces of mind and character, had made an impression. upon, and he believed tbose \neVy gfioei' vece derived from her heroiclineage. He felt it to be en imper ative duty to call on her and thank her again for the jgood lock she liadl>ronghtlnm Perhaps she would be his mascot for life. , He rode Delight, who was proudly cou scions of-a new outfit,' and pranced accord ingly, betting off the figure of his young master to its best advantage. There was no sign of life about the cabin, the smithy was closed but the o truer ofthe wagon, took* ing portion of thle . building said that the smith had. taken! his daughter and gone back : to her mother's people on Big Kiver. To .be foiled in his desire Is the strangest incentive to a man to enn the objectof hi* hope. Delight felt his master's tpurs that day as never before.: Harlow Lincoln could" hear that soft low voice saying, 'You do notknowhow to care . or precious things/ and he realized as most? of us do-at some period of our lives, that blessings brighten as they take their flight. But he is a young * man of enterprise, and the tightening pf the lasso of love around -, bis affections, (nay lead him to the ranch , on tfaeBig Kiver, which ? is not quite %t the radof the world 