CARDS IN CHURCH. The following curious article is taken from an English newspaper of tbe year 1773, and is there called the " Perpetual Almanac; or the Soldier's Prayer Buok," 1 by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the 42n'd regiment, who was taken before the Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service:— Tbe sergeant commanded the soldiers to. church, and whac ihe parson read his prayers and took &is; t-eri, rjioK who had a Bible took it out; but this soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Frp.yer Book, bnt, pulling out a pack of carij, he spread tbes out before him. He first looked at one card, and then at another. The sergeant cf the company saw him, and said: " Richard, put up the cards ; this is no place for them," " Never mind tbat," said Richard. When the service was over, the constable took Richard prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. " Well,'' said the Mayor, " what have you' brought this soldier here for ?" • " For playing cards in church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?" *' Much, sir, I hope." . , " : - *• Vety good; if not, I will ptrnish yon-mwe than-ever man was punished." " I have been,'' said the soldier, " about six weeks cn the march ; I have neithfer Bible'nor Common Pcsyer Book : 1 bave nothing but a coaamoi: pack" cares, and I hope to satisfy your worship ov the parity of my intentions." " Very good," said the Mayor. Then, spreading the sards before the Mayor, 5e began with the ace. " When I see the ace, it reminds me there is out one God. " When' I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father aud Son. " When I see the trey, it reminds me of Father, Bon, and Moly Ghost: " When I sec the four, it reminds me of the, four Evangelists that preached,viz.;—Matthew, Hark, Luke, and -John. " When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were fools and were rent out. When £ soe the sitj si retell?ds me tnat in liz days Lord heairec and earth. Wtec, £ sec the savenj it ranindfi me that j& the seventh day Gcd zested from the works He had made, and hallowed it. " When I see the eight. It reminds me of the. eight righteous persons $bat were saved wheii! God drowne-1 the WODFL, T!Z., JSoah hisi wifes his three sons seal. %eir wit^S. " When £ see ^enrae, 5* reminds me at tbe : nine leperc that wens eleaased by our Saviocr. : There were ten, but aioe never returned thiclu. M When I ses the fen, it reminds me of the! Ten Ocmmandmenta, which God handed down! a Moses on a Sable of sfcorm. When I seo King,, it romindE me of tfca! great Sing sf Hsaven, wftich ir ^Jod Almighty.; Whet I see kh<> ^esa, it reminds i» or! the Queen Sb.?ba.. w&c; irsnt to heai %he wis-, of Salomon, for shs was as wist s. •vcman fee & Est. Sb: broaght witte Eier ftfty b«rys ( ind fifty girls, all dressed in boys' a?pare^ Scio.a^i to teli which were gixk. nirg iclsKcr, -jeajfir water irc,T Saw. io wash them--' ••eivea ; Vhc garls washed ie the a'ibowe, and lbs !>cys only to tfe« wristc so King JV^IOESOU told fey. iiis.' ^ Well," said the mayor. " you have given a description cf every card in tire pack except CKB." " What it that ?" asked the ecidier. u The 'X^sva,'' said the mayor. " I wiE giva yotw Irasmr •Seseriptlon of. that, tonSv il you wilu noi be aspj* " I will rot." aid the cuayat, "if you wffl vst tenet me to be * iiiarec" " WeU," said tbt. soldBec^ "teie greatest 'mavi that I fciow rf fe tSw omstable whti brought me htre. " " i do ths mayor, whsthsr ie ?£ ths greatest knave, hot £ know he's the greatest fool, " " When I-eonnt how many spotn in » psick,"; continued the soldier. ** £ ftnd-three hundred, and sixty-five—as many as there aw. days in When i ccuut the number of cards in a. pick, I find there are Sfty-two—as many week?i as there ar»?. in a year j And I find four suits i ths .-;umber ot weeks in the month. " I find shcrs are twelve picture cards m t&* ack, representing th^ aumber ot months ic the year ; and, counting the. tricks, I5ijd thir-j teen—thiy number of weeke m a quarter^ So. yc-u see, sir, tie pack si cards serves fot a. Bible, Almanac, and Commor. Prayer Book to me. 