WESLEYAN SYNOD. The sessions of tha Bendigo Wesley an District Synod began yesterday morning at 11.30 in tlie schoolroom, Forest-stree t, the Rev. Francis Neale, chairman of the district, presiding. The Rov. Joseph Nicholson read tho 4th chapter of II Corinthians, and the Rev. Rubert Brown offered prayer. The chairman of the district tendered a cordial welcome to the following ministers who were present :—The Rovs. Robert Brown, Jno. Adams, J. A. Osborne, W. Allen, T. Collins, R. Dittcrich, R. A-. Taylor, T. S. B. Woodful, W. Harris, C. Jones and Joseph Nicholson ; special reference being made to the presence of the la3t named, and his nplen did service of the church in South Australia. The following elections were made :—Secretary, Rev. J. Nichotaon ; assistant secretaries, Revs, J. Trathan and C. Jones : reporter to press, Rev. R A. Taylor. Dispensations of' absence were granted the Revs. R. Ii. Crook and F. J. VVutaford for ono day, r.nd to the Rev. A. Albismn, M.A. for all cessions. Tho usual routine questions were dealt with. The report of tha master of Queen'irCollege in reference to the theological students in train ing for the ministry was read and regardsd as satisfactory. The work of the year came under review. A dispensation of absence was granted the Rev. J. Trathan on account of ill ness, and the Rev. W. Harris was- appointed assistant secretary in his stead. The follow ing were elected to represent the following in stitutions and conuexional committees :—Loan fund. Rev. J. A. Osborne ; Wesley College, Rev. T. Collins ; Ladies' College, Rev. J. Adams ; Foreign Missions, Rev. W Allen ; committee or privileges, Rev. R. Brown ; Chinese Mission, Rev. W. Allen. A public meeting was held in the church in the evening, when excellent addresses on "Pre sent Day Duties" were delivered by tho liev. J. Adams (Inglcwood), R. H. Croolt (Pyramid) and W. Harris (Swan Hill). The Rev. F. Neale presided. The subject of Mr. Adams' address was " The Duty of Preserving Our Proteatautlnheritance." Tho rev. gentleman said tkero wns a distinc tive element in Protestantism, and that was tho assertion of tha right to exerciso private judg ment in matters of religious belief. A two-fold result had followed tho Reformation—the do cadence of the Roman Catholic Church and tho progress and development of Christianity. Pass ing to the condition of things at the present dav, the preacher remarked that the Pope knew perfectly well that his day of domination was past, and that his empire was diminishing; hence tho propounding of a progressive policy in the shape of the recent encyclical letter. The Catholic Church must cither alter or perish. It was said that it could not alter. But all human organisations were capable of change, and the Roman Catholic Church was being left behind in this world of changes. It was a magnificent wreck upon tho margin of the stream of Time, The preservation of Protestant inheritance could be effected by the dissemination of his torical knowledge, especially among the young of the rising generation. Protestant history should be made a prominent elemont of the curriculum of our State Bchools, and religious instruction should-bo there given to the young. Then attention should be given to Christ's substitutionary sacrificc and the doctrine of justification by faith. This was one of the doctrines of the Methodist Church, and no less n person than the late Cardinal Manning had said that the greatest barrier to the union of the churches was the Methodist Church. He prayed that God would grant it to remain so. The Rev. W. Harris dealt with " The Duty of Systematic Beneficence." He observed in opening that ihesubject was not a very inspiring one. It was important though difficult. The gospel was full of lessons with regard^to giving, and spoke of the church's greatest need, which was baptism by the Holy Ghost. The teach ing was that we should, for all that God had blessed us with, give up something to him. The church seemed to be forgetting its duties to God, which it had a right to acknowledge and pay. Peril threatened the church, whi-n it had to raise money by questionable meanB, a3 was often done at sales of gifts, etc., where the cause of God was thus bolstered up. Tho Bpirit of gambling often entered into these things, and so it would be until there was something systematic in the giving. That day there had been hanging on the hoofs of a racehorse three times the money that would be required to keep all the churches in tho colony lor a year. It could be seen that if tho church stopped its questionable ways of getting money it would become pitifully poor, but there was a remedy, and that could be at tained by going back to tho methods of tho Bible, which enjoined everyone to give one tenth of his income to God. A presentday discourse in every sense, was tho Rev. R. H. Crook's addrees on the " Duty of the church in relation to popular vices," which dealt largely with the gambling aESOciated with the Melbourne Cup. Alter referring to lessor evils, the rev. gentleman Eftid that gambling was one of the greatest vices' the Christian church had to face in the present age, and tho snbjcct waB brought into prominence by the present celebration of tho great racing carnival of the colony. Melbourne Cup Day had been proclaimed a public holiday, and holiday excur sion fares were charged on the railways, and the church should speak out against- that in no uncertain tono. A protest should be entered against the day being mado a national holiday. But it was not sufficient to say that a man must not attend the racecourse ; lie must be told why he should not before their words would have effect. He wanted to point out there was no harm in a man having a good giliop if he possessed a good horse—Methodist ministers sometimes had to put up with very poor ones (laughter)—the harm was in using the horse for gambling purposes. He contended that without gambling, horse racing, aa a pastime, would soon come to an end. It would be agreed that a larger proportion of tho people who went to see the Cup had an interest in the race, and it was necessary to teach yonng people that there was harm, not only in going to the racecourse, but in the gambling assoc iated with it. Then racing was associated with cruelty, instances of which were quoted, and there was a danger to human life, many jockeys being killed in a single year. If, how ever, the church was going to speak against gambling, it would have to see that its own hands were clean, and that all suspicion of gambling was removed from tho Bales of giltB and other gatherings it held. The property diatributions were also dcprecated by the speaker, who, in conclusion, contended that as vices once popular had been'stamped out by the force of public feeling, engendered by the outspokenness of the Christian Church the same result should be attained with regard to gambling. 