MRS. TREGASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO- AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CALL RIGHTS RESERVED,. . OtiArTRit XVL— (Continued.) The sua was sotting. The storm clouds had spread highor and Icokod lurid from tho red re flection. Ning's voico sounded below, then Tre- gaskiis's'shout, "Hullo, piccaninny ?" and with it Claro awakcusd to rsallty. . She got out of the hammock, and was stand ing uncertainly, flushed and agitated, when her husband's hsavy step sounded on the verandah stair, and presently lis was besids ber. Gonosto had remained below. "Well, Clare," he said, "how aro you? Gsncste tolls ms you've had a touch of fsver. I don't believe there can have boen muoh ths matter. By Jove, you have got quits a color. I never saw you looking better." He put his big red hands on hor shouldor and kissed her in n rough, pcrfuuotory sort of way. She was oddly struok by a certain curious difference in tho manner of his caress. She ' could not have defined wherein It lay, but waa conscious of it, as & woman is intuitively oomolous of any variation in the mood towards her of her life companion, whether the oompanioo&hip; be oongenial or the reverse. The old thrill of repulsion deepened in hor, with tho whiff of stale brandy iu his breath. She was sure he had boen drinking rather heavily. His hand some faoe was rod and puffy, his eyes were blood shot, and there was more than ths usual want of nicety in his dress and appearance which confirtnod the impression. His voice, too, had an indesoribablo thickness, and iu bis manner! there was a suppressed irritability mingled with something roystering, a characteristic of it ac centuated now to a greater degree than was customary. " What has Geneate bten doing bore all this timo?" he asked sharply ; and abo winced under tho fierce gleam of his eyes. Ho noticed the sign of disoomposure. "It's all uonssoss about his dootoriog you. I don't behove in that sort of thing." "What do you moan?" sbo asked, resent fully. "Ho could have doctored you\nd gone back again. Lots of people have fever and go about just ths same, except when ths shakos are on them.. Aod fellows have boen talking— snigger ing and making remarks about his devotion to his patient. It isn't as if ho was a regular doctor. Tbe butchers started it, Uganda way, and Ousaok, with his damned impudence, ohsffod me about leaving you to bs sick-nursed by a good looking man." " Is that why you came homo ? " "I came to see how you wore, and to send Gcneste about his business. I don't choose lilm to be hanging round making love to my wife. Qe is not such a treuieudous saint, as they could tell you further north." She reddened, but restrained the Indignant impulse to oontradict him. " Its beastly cheek," Tregaskiss went on. "I was very muoh annoyed at his way of speaking to rae just now. Seemed to imply that I had been to blame. Does he suppose I am going to stand still and have tr.y property destroyed without stirring a hand to prevent it?" Tregaskiss fumed od. In a calmer mood it might have been evident to her that bis dissatis faction had its rise partly in joalousy, partly in self-reproaoh. She stood still, silent, a rush of conflicting emotions torturing hor. She was inwardly shame-stricken, indignant, choked with a passionate aversion to bcr husband, all the keener because tbe accusation had not boen unfounded, and she was unablo to stand forth and contemptuously repudiate it. For it was truo that Genesto had told her he loved her. But that he " had mado lovo to ber !" No ; that bs had not done — would never do. She felt outraged — her holy of holies had been desecrated. An abominablo construction had been put upon what to her waB sacred. This, in other and minor matters, had always been the case when hor finest self bad como into contaot with Tregaakiaa'a coarser personality. Now the fool ing gained a new aoutoness from tbe sanctity of tbe emotion upon whioh ho was trampling. She said at last, in a studiously quiet voioe, " If you want to know whether I have been ill or not, you have only to ask Mrs. Ramtn — Dr. Genests rodo all tbo way and baok to their camp ono night to fetch her. It is his care whioh has probably saved mo from a bad time. You will remember that when he camo over I wai Alone, except for the Chiuamen and Claribel aud Guata. Not even Mr. Sband was here. That was why he stayed. As to the othsr part, I have nothing to say. I think you must have exaggerated Mr. Oueaok's chaff, which could not have boen meant as you put it. I believe Dr. Geneste means to go baok to Darra to-morrow. Flease, Keith, for your own sake as well as mine, do not be rude to him, for ho has done us both a great kindness, and I am sure you would be sorry afterwards if you offended him." She walked past Tregaskiss into ber own room without waiting for him to reply. Then she be came terrified lest he should follow her, but he did not come. Something down below attracted his attention, and he yelled out a reprimand to one of tbe black boys, and presently went noisily down the stairs. By and bye she heard him in the back verandah asking Geneste quito good-hnmoredly to come in and have a nip before dinner. His anger had been only bluster, and she need not havo alarmed herself. Tregaskiss, like most bullies, was a moral coward. Ning came iu fresh from her bath to have her white frook and red sash fastened. She exhibited a now dell whioh Daddy had brought her from Uganda, and which she told her mother Miss Lawford had dressed for ber. Ths last piece of information gave Clare a olue as to TregaskisB's delayed return, and she understood that he had been finding an exouse for himself by blaming her. She felt too contemptuous to be greatly an noyed. From Tregaskiss's reports to her of earlier conversations with ths little governess, she knew that Miss Lawford permitted a freedom of flirtation which appealed to her hasband's temperament and dosire for variety. It had never occurrod to her that Miss Lawford's influ ence could prove dangerous to hsr own. Sho dressed for dinner, holding baok the hysterioal sobs whioh rose in hex throat, and mentally flying from the vague terror with which the situation impressed her. And yet all through her dressing ber mind was pervaded by. tbe thought that Geneste's eyes would meet hers for tho first time since he had told her that he loved her, and that for tho first time too in' her life ehe must play a part abhorrent to her nature— that of a wife with a aeoret levo for another man to conceal. ' Genesto pitied ber intensely when she ap peared and toot her place before the tea tray. He saw how pAle she was and with what an effort she kept her composure. He avoided looking at her or addressing her too direotiy, but vigorously sustained conversation with Tre gaskiss and Shand, asking about the late sale to the hutehers, particulars of the strike, the doings of the Pnitoralist Committee and the arrival of the "Speoiala" from Port Vic toria. There appeared to be a good deal of talk and preparation on both aides, with little to show for it in the way1 of cause or result. Tbe strikers were reportod to havo oolleoted in a body for ths destruction of various stations and for summary vengeance upon the free laborers, but as yet, beyond trying to fire two woolsheds and the slaughter of Tregaskiss's horse, had done no definite mischief. "They are afraid to taoklo Brinda Plains just yet" said Tregaskiss, "for old Cusack is In suoh a blue funk that he has a force of polios round the place, and makes all his men sleep on the. verandah, ready with their firearms. You should hoar Miss Lawford's account. It's rich, I oan tell you." "Miss Lawford is staying with the Ocooks, I hear," said Geneste. "Oh, I see you know all tho Brinda Plains goiBip," cried Tregaskiss, boisterously, "Tbo fair Helen, I suppose, keeps you well posted. By Jove, y'oii know, she'll be thinking herself negleoted for Mre. Tregaskiss if you .don't take care." Clare's face was atony, and Geneste took no notioeof tho insinuation, but pointedly turned the oonveraatlon to general topics. Tregaskiss's geniality had a touch of the malignant. Genesto also noticed the ohaiige in his manner, and attributed it to tbo deepening effect of Miss Lawford's society. Tregaskiss was one of those men who dsnno In any circumstances' resist talking of tho ' women they admiro. Ho repeated moro than one of Miss Lawford's snllies, proclaiming that she was splendid com pany and that the - Laud Commissioner was tremendously gone upon her, -but hadn't the ghost of a chance, for Mimi Lawford liked a man who was a mac, and had some "go" In him; she wasn't one of your die away women, always giving themselves airs of superiority. There was a certain aggressiveness in his tone, Add as ho spoke he glanced nt his wife. It was tho " Two can play at that game " ait of a schoolboy, who is first to prevent himself from being taken vengeance upon. Tregas kiss's methods were all of tho olemeutary kind. They sat out in the verandah afterwards, but Claro gave herself no opportunity for a word apart with Genesto, nor did ho appear' to seek any. Tbe baby cried, and she went to her room and sat with it .on her lap, conscientiously hushing it and guarding it from the mosquitoes till it slept og∈, all the time with bitterness nnd revolt in heT hoarfc, and yet a remorseful tenderness for the small helpless thing which was bono of her bone, and which she could not oast from her, living symbol though it was of a bondage she loathed. When she went baok the night had prowu still and muggy, the clouds had blaokoned, and there were flashes of sheet lightning gleaming at intervals in tbe west. "It means nothing," GeneBte was saying &s; she approached. "These storms whioh don't come off are a bad sign." "We shall have to begin watering tho cattle if it goes on," said Tregaskiss, " and that means extra hands and no end of expense and worry." "They're dying fast outBrigalow Oampway," put in Shand. " Another drought like lost year will ruin the district." "And the squatters into the bargain," growled TrogaHkiss, "Well, any. how," said Geneste, "you are luckier than I am, Tregaskiss, for you havo got one Boro at least to fall baok upon." How could he talk so. quietly, when for her the vory air was full of stress and thrill, and' when her heart was breaking under the strain of the position? And yet she admired him for his calmness, whioh she assured herself must come from the very loftiness of Ids motive. Ho meant ouly her good, and desired nothing but the right to help her as unselfishly as he could. .Surely she herself must he a creature of ovil thoughts and wishes to be so weighed down nod tossed and tormented. "Mrs. Tregaskiss," Geneste said, turn ing to her, "you should're'methber you aro only an invalid yet, and ought not to sit up late. I shall havo to say good-bye wben I bid you good night, fori am starting heme very early to morrow morning." " Good-uight, then and good-bye," sho said, holding out Iter hand. He took it, and all that night his touch seemed to linger with her like a living thing. "Good-night. I am very muoh obliged to you for having had me for so long, and I shall leave feeling a good deal more comfortable about you than when I oame. I think you are pretty safe now from bad days." Claro answered with a commonplaoe. "He had been very kind. She hoped that he . would not find station work had been negleoted during his absence." "Oh no; I'vo got a very good stockman Tregaskiss, you won't forget that you are to bring Mrs. Tregaskiss over tho first opportunity to see my diggings. It would be capital if we could manage the expedition to Eangella at the same time." Tregaskiss agreed. He didn't see why they shouldn't do it before the worst heat had come on ; and they might get Helen Cusack and Miss Lawford to join, as well as Gillespie and Blnnohard and tho lot of thorn. "Can I get you a lamp, or candle, or any thing ?" Geneate asked formally, as Clare was. turning to her part of the house. "No,' thank you ; I have a larhp in my room," she answered, and' ao they parted.' The night was ghastly, the storm onding in wind and dust, with low grumblings of thunder and faint flashes of lightning. Claro lay awake, every nerve strained, waiting for hor husband's entrance. When' he oame at last she pretended to be asleep, but she could hear him heavily fumbling with bis clothes and boots as he un. dressed, and she stealthily crept to the very edge of the bed, holding hersolf quite still till he should be nsleep, so. that she might get up and go out to the hammook in the verandah She did this many nights. Chapter XVII. — "Fair Ines."- "What am I to do about Gladys Hilditch?' Clare said one day to her husband. "Lot her find her own way up from Port Victoria," ho answered crossly "She is rich, and can afford to pay for a buggy and pair of horses." " Keith, wouldn't it be possible for you to go and fetch her?" " Not if I know it. I've got neither timo nor: animals. You seem to forget that we aro ordered to keep 10 horses in the paddoek incase of the specials wanting them, and that every squatter must havo a horse and man in readiucss to give an alarm if necessary.. Mrs. Hilditch can wait till the strike is over." " I can't believe in the strike, or get up any proper sense of our danger," said Clare, with a laugkthat annoyed Tregaskiss. "The unionists seem only trying to frighten the squatters. They say Mr. Ousaok ia nearly over his shearing and is getting his wool loaded, and nothing has happened." "You wait and see," oracularly replied Tre gaskiss. "Other people in the diatriot don't take things so easily." "Well, at any rate, here's Mr. Chance, who hasn't taken tbe trouble to get in his 10 horses or to ask the specials to look after his station," said Claro, turning to Cyrus Chance, who, during one of his periodic stoppages oa his way to Port Victoria, was present in the verandah while the colloquy took place. " I'm no one to get soared at a screech, Mis tress Tregaskiss," said old Cyrus, smiling grimly. "The strikers know that, and they know too that if they burned down my wool- shed, I'd buy up every lawyer in Leiohardt's Land to have the law on them, just as I mean co do, to get off my black boy, Andy." "Andy!" repeated Mrs. Tregaskiss, "mur dered one of his tribe, didn't he ? I hear the police caught him up Brinda way, and ohained him to a tree in tho paddock, but he got loose, and they said some whito man must have un done his hnndoulfs." " Ay," returned Chance. " It's true there was a white men camped olose by Brinda Creek last night, and he did undo Andy's handcuffs. I'm a hard man, Mistress Tregaskiss, and a gripper on tho whites, aB they say up here, but I've never held with hunting down tho blacks and making laws for them, when they've got their own tribe laws to do tho work. Andy killed the other black because he had taken away his gin ; and that's his affair, say I, and not Quoen Victoria's." Trogaskiss laughed. " You've got a nipping way of putting things, Chance." "It's likely tliat I havo, Mister Tregaskiss." Chance studiously made use of the prefix, " but I've studied the subjeot of colonisation, and I've no opeenion of BritUhors when they get the upper hand of savages. Ab far as that goee 1 may be a gripper right enough, and ray heirs will bo the better for it, but I never wronged white nor blaek, and. I've made up my mind to get Andy off, if I pay for it with all my Lbura property. I don't like folks that go after other men's wives, no more than I like folks having wives of their own who go sweethearting other young womenbf a sort." The oontempt of Mr. Chance's " of a sort" pointed tho allusion. Tregaskise reddened angrily. "It's pretty safe on the Leura, where you haven't got io put your theories into practice, for a fellow to maintain liko that speechifying olisp at Uganda that the squatters havo taken the blacks' country, and are bound to kill a bullock for tbem every now and then. I'd like to see you killing the bullock, Chance. . And that reminds mo— We're very much obliged to you for your present to my wifo the other day. Six bottles of porter, by Jove ; that was a magnifi cent shell but for you, Chanoe— quito tho mil- lionaire touob, eh ! But I think l oan afford to buy ber her drinks." . ' "I'm gUd to hear it, Mr. . Tregaskiss," said Chance, bis small whitey-brown face turning pale with suppressed anger. " I'm glad to know you arc in suoh a flourishing oondition. There are reports going— perhaps you may havo heArd them — about tho hank being ready to como down on Wombo, and I'm pleased for your wife's Bake to know that there's no truth in them. I think I'll say good day now, Mistress TregaskisH. Good day to you, Mr. Tregaskiss. I'll not tres pass upon your hospitality by sitting in your verandah any longer." " Don't hurry," anid Tregftskias, sulkily. " I'm off, and sinoo you won't bo neighborly and take anything-1—" "No, I tbank you, Mr. Tregaskiss. I'vo got ray- damper and junk at the camp, but if you'vo got a bit of green hide ropo to spare, I'll ba pleased to buy it from you for a halter for one of my pack- horses— at the market price, Mr. Tregaskiss — at the market price." " Your price is always & goodish bit below the market one, Chance, and I oould afford to 1st you have that for nothing. But since you're so beastly proud you can pay what you please. You'll find me out by the meat store when you are ready." And so lis weufc off. "Your husband seems to be more prosperous than folks on the Leura give htin credit for, Mistress Tregaskiss, " said tbe old man, eyeing hsr keenly. "It surprises me, for money isn't like a boomerang, it doesn't como back after you've thrown it away ; and times are bad." Clare looked uncomfortable. "Flease don't mind what Keith says, Mr. Chanoe, or take him too lltorally." "No, I don't. No, I don't do that," said Chance, with a chuckle. "If! had he'd have dono ros in tho eye before now. He don't like mo, nor I hire." "Well, at any rate, Mr. Chance, you and I will nlwayB bo good friends." "Yes, that we'll be. And mind you what I said to you last time I was here. Nurse your babies and turn 'cm into blessinga, and romem- bar this, I'vo formed my own opeenion, and I keep my mouth shut on 'em. You needn't be afraid to tell mo if you're in a bit of a tight place— I wasn't thinking in the way of money," he added cautioualy. "No, I know you weren't, and I shall remem ber. I'm rather in trouble now. My friend Gladys Hilditch is at Fort Victoria, and you heard what Keith said, and I am wondering if you could help me any way to get her up here. Perhaps Mr. Cusack or Mr. Carmody or soma- body from one of the stations may be down aud would bring her part of the way anyhow, I can't toll you how obliged I'd bo if you would see and ask them from me." "Gladys Hilditch, Gladys Hilditch," re peated Chance slowly, with hia queer intona tion dwelling on tho name. " That's tho ono I called Fair Ines, isn't it ? She that comes from the west. To dazzle when tbs sun's gone down, eh? I know, I know. Well, I'm not muoh in the way of womenkind, Mistress Tre gaskiss. I hato the lot of them ; and I never knew a lady, so to speak, till I came aoross you. I'vo sometimes thought I may have missed something, but it's too lata now. Fair Ines ! I'll see if I oan do anything for ye, Mistress Tregaskiss, but-I. won't promise to go nigh tbs creature myself." Ho departed with this doubtful promise, upon which nevertheless Clare placed some relianco. Sure enough a little while later two riders might have been seen one afternoon at sunset, approaohing through the gidya clearing, followed by a pair of black boys driving several pack horses, and ono of ths riders was a lady quite unlike any of the Leura ladies, and ths other was Cyrus Chanco. Lona, the black gin who was scout to the establishment, ran up to tell ths news. " Mine think it that cobbon budgory White Mary," was Lona's announcement, "Altogether lady that fellow. No jump-up fellow like it some Leura lady." AVhioh showed that Lona was a savage of discrimination. It was Gladys Hilditch — Gladys looking like a queen in exile or a Burns Jonos picturo of a mediaeval lady on horseback minus the feathers. But for tho abasnco of these Mrs. Hilditch amply atoned by a cun ning arrangement of gauze upon her pic turesque broad .brimmed hat. Gladys was nothing if not pioturesquo, and she atwaya had. the knack of. wearing original, becoming and suitable garments, sufficiently different from those of anybody else to give her distinction, and mark her. individuality. Any other Englishwoman would have appeared in ordinary English riding dress, but Gladys's grey habit, hor coat whioh was a suggestion from ths Louis Quinze period, hsr fine batiste shirt, frilled with Foint do Paris, and curved cavalier hat were a asrt of incarnation of all - South Kensington and Tite-atreet culture dropped suddenly into Leura barbarism. She was a very beautiful woman— more beautiful now than in ths old days, for during hsr married life, when she had had money in plenty and little else to diatraot hsr — in tho early part of it, at any rate— she had brought the art of dressing herself to perfection. Her faco was Greek in type, only less statuesque, and with the curving back lips and slightly hollowed eye orbits which belong rather te tho days of chivalry. She did not look in the least dusty or dishevelled, though she bad ridden all day over tho scorching plains; her reddish yellow fringo was parted upon her fore head and orinkled as evenly as though it had just been arranged by a skilful hair dresser. Her dolicato skin, smooth as tho leaf of & flower, was not burned nor roughened ; her eyes, deep violet, limpid nnd and large, were undimmed by fatigue; her thin grey habit waa immaculate, her bntlste unruffled, and the little etceteras of her toilette — her doable eyeglass, with its long handle of dull stiver, her groy gauntlet glove, her jewelled riding whip, ths silver buttons of hsr coat — all seemed truly in keeping with tho suggestion of a fair Iuos oome to dazzle a more primitive race. (To be continued.) 