A Severe Lesson, r BY BUFUB HALE, j Captain 'William Barton, of tbe ship King fisher, had but one great fault—a riolent temper, ^?l8j w,'^a Mabel, who had accom panied him for a voyage to Jara, often begged him to control himself, declaring that inch a temper iroutd yet lead bim to the perpetra tion of some deed he would bittnrl v VAnanfc I of, ? ' 'r — Not that he waa ever otherwise than kind and gentle to her. It wa* against his men ? ii became enraged. They all abed him, notwithstanding ; for, except when they made aome blander, he treated them like brothers. Th^y also liked and res pected his good wife — a beautiful brunette of twenty. The health of this young woman waB perfect, and she wat as strong and active as a deer. Having been brought up near the water, ^ she conld handle an oar with surpris ing skill, and her huaband had been heard to aay that ihe was an expert swimmer. He waa a stuidy, broad Bhouldnred fellow, with an arm Iibe a blacksmith's, rnddy cheek and a clear eye. His wife loved him deeply, and whenever ahe saw him angry with hia men, ahe would hover about him, endeavouring to soothe him. Her own brother, Jack Wileon, a youth of aeventeen, was cabin-boy. HiB relation to Mabel, however, did not prevent bis sometimes being the object of tbe captain's wratb. One evening when Jack waB slightly ill, be atumbled against a bucket of tar, spilling tho latter all over tbe deck, ' Confound you, youngster 1' roared the Bkipper. ' I'll make yon atand the look out to-night for your awkwardness,' Mrs. Barton pleaded with him. She had eat up moat of the previous night nuraing her brother, and she waa anro he bad not alept, ten minnteB during that time. It wonld therefore, be cruel to make the poor boy, who waa not yet quite well, remain awake ao long. Bat, although sueceptible to hia wife's influence, there were times when she could not move him. He now reaiited all hor ap peals, and at dark mado little Jack get into the long-boat and there seat himself to beep a look-out. ' And mind that you keep a good one 1' laid he. 'Don't let me oatch you dozing !' 'Hove you pnt Jack on the loob-ont?' inquired hia wife, when he joined het in the cabin. ' Yes.' Cruel 1' ahe oried, pouting, the tears shining in her eyeB. ' What 1 You are not angry with me ?' he «aid. He put his arm around her lithe waist, drew her to him, and biased her. ' Bluebeard 1' aaid she. ' I ought to pall your hair I' She nestled in his arms, coaxed him and pleaded with bim about Jack, bat in vain. Then she became very still and thoughtful. All at once a singular expreasion flaahod in her dark eyes. She half started, rolled round in his arms like a ball, bat said not a word. A few minute later, the captain retired to his apartment adjoining that of his wife. He soon fell aBleep, bat woke three hoars later, and went on deck. It waa a dark night, and the wind was blowing a gale. The captain look leeward, but through the gloom be oould see nothing of an island tbe ship bad been approaching wiien he went below. On making inquires of tho officer of tho deok, however, he learned that the ialand — one the of Feejee group— bore about a mile off the lee quarter. He now walked toward the long boat, in whioh be bad stutioned Jack Wilton to keep a lookont. ' If I find bim vigilant and wakeful, I will let him hare bis watch belovr I' be muttered, gently, the dark, pleading eyes of his wife haunting his mind. *' Halloa 1 He ia asleep 1' added the skipper, aB he approaohed the form seated in the boat. In faat, tbe head of the ' lookout1' waa bowed, and the deep breathing that anluted the oaptaiu was indicative of profound slumber, Barton'a quick temper was at onoe aroused. He sprang toward tbe dimly revealed form in the boat, climbed into the vessel, and rushed at the aleeper, intending to seize him1 by the shoulder, nnd give him a merciless shaking. But at that moment tbo ship plangod hoivily and, in lis baste, tho captain caught bin foot against the boat-mast, rolling it half out of the craft, and falling almost proutrato in the boat. As ho fell, bis outstretched band struck violently against tho baok of the ulumborer who, thus pushed over the gun-wale, struck against the mast, whioh at once dropped into the aea. Tbe young lookout went with it, pitching, bead' foremost, into tho dark waters. ' Man overboard 1' shrieked the captain, in dismay, as ho staggered to his feet, ' Livoly thero, baok the main-yard and down with tho boat!' he added, leaping to the deok. But, just then, a loud, buzzing noise was heard, Sttuok by a sudden, terrific gale, tbe ship went over on her beam-ends and tore through, tho waters, with tbe spray sweeping ber fore nnd aft. An attempt waa made to lower the boat, bat ib wan dashed to fragment againt the ship's side. The wind blew grout guns. ' It shrieked like a hyena in tbe quive ring alirouds, and tho roaring ooa booamo white with whirling foam and spray. No boat ooald bo lowered now. ' Lost 1 Tbe boy is lost !' groanod the cap tain. ' What will sho say, whon ahe hears of it— that I pushed her brother overboard P' He bad not the oonrage to tell hor. Honrs passed, and he walked the deok like a mad* man, By this timo tho storm had abated. For a few minutes tho moon shone ; then it was bidden by clouds, and darkness again fell. ' I cannot toll Mabol— I oannot wake her yet I she will learn tho dreadful truth soon enough I' muttered thowrotohed man. Not long aftor, the dim light of coming dawn struggled through tho gloom. A solemn look reofcocl on tho faoos of tho sailors. Every oyo wua turnod toward the mirerable captain, All at onoo, from tho steorago, o merged a slender youth, Tho oaptain stared aghast. Thon ho started baok with a torriblo ory. It was -ho7o Wilton ho Nittu —tlio cabin-boy whom ho thought bo bad pushed ovorboard on tho previous night. Ho rusbod up to tho boy and oauglit hira by tho arm, while tbe astonished soamon all oamo tnronglng aft. i (- What (loos this moan P Spoak ! Spoalt !' i lio gasped, ' I pushed you out of tbo long boat lato tho aon, and horo—' 'What? Oh, Mr. Barton f What?' in ' P'* ' ''®?efa.k ! Speak out I tell you!' trembling in everylimb. ?Vn n - t®ouShfc I poshed you overboard, ''''sHu.... n. ~T t ' 5tRmme'®d the yonth ' No it was not I, My sister came' and said she would take my place I She iniitted, and putting on my bat and cloak, uo that bo psraon might gneaa it was ahe, ahe aat down in the boat and sent mo below to sleep, You said yon pushed her into the sea, bat, of courae, you are jeat mg. You do not mean it,' ' What have I done ?' screamed the miserable man aimoat frantic, ' I aee, now! It waa my own wife I puihed overboard !' He leaned against the rail for support. He wrung his bands and tore hia bair. 'Bat she is not loBt! No, no!' be shrieked, almost beside himaelf, 'Mabel. Mabel, como back to me !' he added in » plaintive, deapoiring voice, atretching oat hie hands over the wild waters, 'He is going mad,' aoid the mate. But at length tho captain became calmert although his faca waa as ghastly as that o£ the dead. He woro ship and retraced bis course toward the ieland. When within a milo of it, he ordered a boat lowered. He had it manned and was palled to the- beaob. A group of wild islanders stood there. 'I^-want my wife!' cried the ooptain. 'Wife? What mean ?' inquired' one of the aavages, who could speak a littlo Eng lish. 'Sho fell overboard last night, bnt she waa a good Bwimmer, and I think ahe must havo reached the beach,' aaid tho skipper confi dently. But the native Bhook bis head, ' She is here ! I am sure of it 1' insisted tbe oaptain. 'Mad ! Mad !' mattered tho mate, who had accompanied him. All the day the akipper searched aboat tha island for his wife, but no signs of hor could be fonnd. The moment he reached the ship, Barton waa taken down with a raging fever. For many days he lay ia a delirium. When he recovered, bo waa a mere wreck of hie former self ; but hia mind had recovered from the ahock it had received. He conld now talk in a rational manner about hia wife. ' She ia lost ! Lost ! But I will soon join her,' he said mornfally. ' I am not long for tbia world.' His conacience gave bim no rest. His hand it waa that had sent her into the dark waters t True, it was an accident ; bat it was hie vio lent temper that had caused it. tn due time tho ship reached Java, tbe pore oe ner aescination. Tbe vessel was sot long anobored, when the skipper went below and took from a pantry aome pruBBic acid with which he intended to pat an end to his wretehed' life. He mixed the poison in a cup, and was about raising it to hia lipa, when a light, beautiful form descended the oompanionsteps. He tnrnod, still holding tbe cup, to behold a moBt unexpected vision. * For a momont, ho stared wildly, as if look* ing at a ghost. It was hia wifo — his own beautiful wife he aaw beforo him. A wild cry escaped him, and the two rushed to each other's arms. Then from the deck there rose a cheer thai; mado tho vessel shake from keel to keelson and seemed to split the very skies. Tho crew had aeen Mrs. Barton when Bhe camo aboard from a shore-boat and were now expressing the wild joy that thrilled them all. Explanations wero soon made by tbe happy wifo. The moment she struck the water on that night when she fell overboard, she had waked, and. instinctively throwing out her arms, Bho had clutched the boat-mast, whioh had fallen with her. To this mast she clung. Her skill as a swimmer assisted ' hor in keeping her position. She was carried past tbo island, By thatr time tbo storm had subsided and the moon Bhone. Ahead of her, approaching,, she be held a small sohooner. It passed so noar her that, by shouting, she attraoted the attention of tho crew. A boat was lowered, and Bho was picked up, half senseless. Ao soon as she could speak, sho told her atory. Bat she oould not mako herBolf understood by tho wild orow, who wero natives of somo neigh bouring island and did not understand a word of English. They were- evidently traders in ooooanut oil, and wero bound to some port not far distant. At dawn Bho lookod about her, but, owing, probably, to an intervening headland, she could not see her husband's ship. The aohooner kept on, and; in » few days,, arrivod at Rennell's Island. There, to Mrs, Barton's joy, alio found a small steamer bound for Java! She took passage abroad of it, and thus arrived ot tbis port forcy-eight hourfl before,, her husband. '- A happy day for tho captain !' For Jack Wilton, too, who again and agaia embraced his noblo sister. : From that hour, Barton was never known to givo way to a hasty temper, 