Spooks ! ! It is not often that the district is invaded by spooks. On a recent Saturday night, how ever, two young chaps at Cobbitty received a scare that may take them weeks to recover. They were wending their steps homewards, and on nearing a broken down load of billet-wood, they were startled to see a silent shadow hovering round it. Dumb founded, each looked at the other, and with bated breath watched the monster stoop and lift a huge billet of wood as though it were a twig. Poising it for a moment high in the air, then dropping it com placently on its shoulder, the spectre turned and gazed at the terror-stricken youths, then, dropping the cudgel, in a bound was through an adjacent fence, and moved swiftly forward for a few yards, and appeared to vanish. ''Smiler" says it was between 5 and 6 feet in height, but 'Streak' is per pared to take an affidavit it was 9 feet high. Being of a superstitious nature, these lads have collected all the dogs, guns, and am munition in the neighborhood, and may be seen in the vicinity every night at 10 o'clock awaiting the return of the uncanny spectre. Since this, the 'spook' has again ap peared, and 'Smiler' and 'Streak' have disappeared. On Thursday evening a young man was going to see his girl. He was sur prised to notice a black image suddenly loom up in the darkness before him. With all the ghost yarns and fairy tales he had heard of rising up as a panorama before him, he was about to accost the figure, but instead leaped about 6 feet into the air from the re- sult of something being heavily placed on each shoulder from behind. When landed on terra firma, he suddenly wheeled about and was confronted by four hideous looking creatures, who began the process of divesting hirn of his garments. We are inclined to think that his imagination has led him astray. 'Smiler' and 'Streak' have agreed that they cannot cope with the un- known terror in the way they had proposed, so have returned the guns, dogs, &c.;, and wish to thank their owners for the use of them. They are now organising a powerful Vigilance Committee. Later.— On Sunday morning the Vigilance Committee received a clue as to the where abouts of the spook, and at once sent ou emissaries to reconnoitre, and to drive it from its lair. There were some dogs with the party, and one managed to get beneath the horse that 'Snowy' was riding, when it started 'rooting.' 'Snowy' stopped there for a time, but the mare is mad on politics, and agreed for a dissolution, and the Upper House was overthrown. A sprained wrist and bruised leg were the outcome of this, besides the trail of the spook being lost. 