PEOPLE SAY ?That when Jack Want is wanted most liy interviewers, wishing Kor information oil a host Of thinga, ho g?H>d a-risliiug. That all Pasteur's science was powerless against death. That the Inst phase of the Dean cpso will make or mar Home people. That the Softas in Constantinople havo been very hard on the Armenians. That George Dean, as an attraction on tho ferry boat A\ r allaby, is worth his wages three times over. That before Governor Hampden is hero a month ho will wish ho had never come. That tho policeman who thinks the community has gone mad over tho Dean case is a sane man. That Crick thinks, with Hamlot, there iv "by .St. Patrick, much offence" in being arrested. That the Dean caso would furnish material for six sensational stories and as many sensational plays. That tho rain will help to pay tho land tax. This mado it wolcoino to all political parties. That a Uurtnan in lovo looks but docs not talk. There aro no actions for breach of promiso in Burmah. That everyone is saving, " Somehow I thought so," in reference to tbo Dean case. That the Italians in Sydney are going to receive tho Duke of Abrur.zi.' "\Vith bananas and fried Abli ? That the law reports of this week may be summarised us " The Dean Case." ' That in the excitement ovor the Dean coso tho Muswellbrook papers have forgotten to abuso each other. That the Parliamentary proceedings of last week may bo summarised as "The Dean Case." That tho "Wallsoud paper describes Price as " a lino political speaker." Somewhat superfine, wo should say. That commercial travellers do not own tho railways, although they seem to think tiiey do. That a Tamworth man lms got 18 months for biting off another man's ear. An expensive meal, indeed. * That the Government Gazette will soon tnako its appearanco as a prayer book. That free passes are abolished on the Russian railways. Yet a politician can easily get to Siberia for nothing. That . tho Japanese are. learning "English. Their examplo is commended io Sydney journalists. That Hold says he did not turn as whito a 9 a ghost. It seoms to us rather unfair to assume that a ghost must necessarily be white. That llignold and "Walters are quarrelling over tho right of author ship of Joseph of Canaan. The claims of Moses aro ignored. That tho oducation question, which' troubled many an Australian Govern ment in tho past,is going to boa thorn in the sido of tho British Government. That tho Maitlanders havo Keon warned not to open their mouths unduly wide. Gillies, M.P., is not concorned in this. ' * That .tho Cristofero Colombo is coming to Sydney. Tho O'Sullivan,- M.P., is getting ready his very choicest Italian. That an Armeniau in Constantinople gets about the same treatmont as a Chinaman receives from n crowd of Sydney larrikins. That in Mexico it is considered a disgrace in a girl to earn her own living. 'Mexico would suit a good many Australian girls. . . That the Tentcrfield Star has a recipe for making old fowls tender. It might bo used on tho Women's Suffrage League. That able- bodied beggars .are, on the increase in Sydney.- Tlii'b comes of reducing the number of .members of Parliament. That, according to a Dr. Coonoy, there ia death in the tea-pot. This is no proof, however, that thero is life in tho whisky bottle. ? That, tho French are . within 30 miles,of Antananarivo. Well Jjyne is .much' closer than that to the Government bonchos, yet ho is still a long way from the.Premiership.- That the' ? Quoon of : Madagascar intends to dio in her palace. There is nothing remarkable about this. Many queens boforo and since Jezebel havo dyed in their palaces. ? That, according to n liothschild, the man- who has" £-1000 a : year uext' century, will bo very- rich. Wo.will takea quarter of that incoino now and be satisfied. .That the Marine Board is . opposed to entering bar harbours, after dark. A good' many wives oppose their husbands entering bars whothor by daylight or iii the dark. That the Sunday Times thinks only elementary education should bo pro vided by the State. Buteron for that thi Sunday Times does not appear to be indebted to the State or to anyone else. That Lyne wonders why, thoro are any freetraders in Wallseild and Plattsburg. AVell, soeing that Price, M.P., had just made a long Bpecclv in favour of protection, we do not'see' much to wonder at. " . ' ' That the Armoniaus employed at tho ? Constantinople gas works have befcn '.killed. Let us frankly admit that we havo felt murderously towards gas ' makers ourselves at times. That Meagher challenges the pro duction of a living soul who heard him say what Salomons says ho did say. As Salomons admits that only lie atid Meagher woro presont on the occasion, this looks like backing H dead bird. 