CRICKET CHATTER BY FELIX. Contests m the final round ior pennant premiership were resumed on Saturday in dull and rather windy weather. At East Melbourne, when play ceased on 6th April, the Jolimonters' score stood at 175 for tour wickets, A, E. Trott 73 (not out), J. Harry 50 fnot out). This pair were in run-setting mood again on Saturday, and for a long time maintained their positions against the best efforts of Ingleton, Giller, Palmer, Harry Trott, and other South Melbourne bowlers. Playing sound, resolute, and attractive cricket, A. E and Jack kept on until 284 was posted, at which stage A. K. was splendidly caught by Ingleton at mid-off. The hit was hard and taken low down by "Ingie" in pa cleveramanner that his brilliant effort elicited the very heartiest acclamation. It was a fit ting termination to A. E.'s admirable essay for 135. The retiring batsman had added 02 to his prior contribution, and only one flaw is down against him, and that was after he had passed the century. In all he hit nine 4's, and is credited with one 5, resulting from an overthrow. When he and Harry started their partnership four were down for 75, so that they put on between them no fewer than 209 runs. It often happens that when one man in a big partnership falls the other quickly follows, and it was so on this occa sion. Jack Harry, who had l>een playing as well and strongly as I have ever seen him play, succumbed in Sam Morris's next over, George Palmer taking a nice catch in theslips, and the regret was general that Jack came to grief when wanting only three to complete liis hundred. In his remarkably fine exhibi tion for 97 Jack counts 12 4's, and a very pleasing feature of his play was his sweet and finished cutting. A Southerner near me in the reserve said, " We have found a bowler at last." The bowler was no other than Sam Morris, who had now sent down eight balls for 4 runs and two wickets. He got A. E. Trott with the last ball of his first over, and Jack Harry with the second ball of his second over. Bob Home speedily went to the right about, smartly caught by Smith off Kemp, and seven were down for -289. Percy Lewis at firtfc did not seem too comfortable in -negotiating Sam Morris, and once, in trying to hit Sam to Jee, the ball went up close to ? the wicket, but Smith slipped in starting, and so Percy escaped. He and Alf. Carter carried the ^core to 333, when the latter was caught at the wicket by Smith off Giller. Carter's 19 included one magnificent hit between square leg and long-on over the outer fence, and far away into the Jolimont-road, for 6 off Kemp. (At 388 Lewis was beaten by Ingleton, and his creditably-compiled 48 included six 4's. .Two or three of his off strokes were true and fast as they make them. Nine for 388, and the end seemed at hand. But Cost»llc was Btill there playing safelv. md Letcher Stopping with him, "mounted until drawing time arrive J without a separation being effected, C^tello not out 48, Letcher hot out 9: score, 430 for nine wickets. ^Though sundries tot up to 28, the fielding in . the main was really good, notably so on the £>art of Ingleton at mid-off,while Harry Trott at point was quite brilliant at times. CosLello Etta Letcher resumed on Monday, and at 435 Parry Trott bowled Letcher for 11, Costello fnot out) 49. Harry Trotf s one wicket cost trim 78. It was hard lines on South Mel bourne to be obliged to bat on a bowler's ticket; bat the collapse that ensued was wholly unexpected. Instead of a miserable ft), they should, in Harry Trott's opinion, have made at least 150. The Bkipper him self, before he had time to get going, was caught in frying a cut off Letcher, and the pnly men who made anything approaching a Stand were Rauvsay Mailer and|Sam]Morris. ffhe latter abowrtd quite a refreshing brisK near for his 14. Mailer's 15 was also a praiseworthy performance. Letcher was par ticularly destructive with the ball in bis Vpening overs, he at one time having sent Jlown SO balls for 8 wiokete, no runs. He Jltogbd op with 4 for SB off 72 balls. It was; f vm peggifig between him and A. E. Trott, Itfip wuVered 78 halls for 25 runs and 3 wickets. In the follow-on the pitch was in better order. GiUer, though he gave a chance or two, played a capital innings for 46, his easy and finished style eliciting glowine comment. He made one very sweet cut oft Costello. George Palmer slmped m good form for 30, as did Elms for 26, and other doubles are Sam Morri9 (14 and lngleton flS) The latter ;was splendidly caught m the slirs by A. E. Trott off Letcher, Harry Trott was very cleverly caught at the wickets bv Jack llarry, the ball having been hit hard end turned considerably from its course. Percy Lewis says it was one of the best catches he has seen.behind the sticLs for a Ions time. Percy himself would have kept wicket, but his thumb is still too tender for hard knocks. The Southern innings closed for a total of 14i, leaving East Melbourne victorious by an innings and 233. The South two men short each innings-Messrs. Bowman and Tatchell. Business require ments prevented them from putting m an appearance. Percy Lewis baa top a\erage for the East with 54 for seven innings. Mr. Manning informs me that though .lack Harry may not be engaged on the ground during the winter, the club will be only too glad to take him on as of old in the summer. In a chat with Jack Harry he told me that he hopes to be all there for the Last next season. Bob Home, too, may not be en gaged in the winter, but he is bound to turn up again with the swallows in spring. North Melbourne had an easy thing on with Fitzroy, though it is only fair to say that the latter had downright bad luck in having to bat on Buch a day as Monday and on a oowler's wicket. On Saturday the North lost G wickets for 212, to which Harry Stuckev in his well-known style contributed 66\. Adjacent to him came Maplestone with a vigorous 59. When Dick Houston had trotted up 25 like a cricketer, he found M'Kirdy one too many for him. Gerber shaped neatly for 18. On Monday the Northern innings terminated for a total ot 261 E Bean put together 20 in a commend able way, and other doubles were Steel 15 and I John Howlett 11. M'Kirdy took 4 wickets for 51, and Patterson 2 for 57. t itzroy at their second try fell for 64. Wauchope was absent. Beecham 19 and Howes 11 were the only doubles. Mape was in his element, six wickets falling to him for ~3. It Houston captured 3 for 38. It will be noticed that J. Carlton and I. Drape did not play. Without them North managed to win by an innings and 51 runs. If I had thought that St. Kilda and Rich mond would have had such _ an exciting finish I would have gone there instead of to Melbourne and East Melbourne. It must have been a regular treat there on Monday, when the seaside batsmen struggled hard to get the required number, while Richmond bowlers strained every nerve to keep the ball on the spot Words cannot describe Mr. Chessell's joy when the last ot the Saints fell for 168, giving victory to Richmond by 5 runs alter a grand fight. The old warrior, M'Shane, battled like a hero throughout, and merited all the praiee bestowed upon him. He scored 3b m the second innings, and others who lent efficient aid are Tandy 29, Johnson 28, Wilson 20, Keoeh 17, and Harris 10. If on Monday Mr. Chessell was full of joy, on Saturday he was full of the bines, consequent upon the awtol collapse of his side against the death-dealing deliveries of the aforesaid old warnor, M'Shane. Mac got 8 wickets for29, and Rich mond fell for S2, of which Bill Over alone made 30 (not out). Mr. Chessell will tell you to this day that had it not been for Bill Over it would have been ail over with Richmond. The vellow and black will be in A class next season, and I congratulate them moat heartily. " . , Melbourne on resuming against university added 5 to the 282 for nine wickets, and then Roche was run out without having started an account. J. Blackham is credited with the whole 5 made up of a single and a 4, the latter a fine stroke off Meares, who in all got six wickets for 90 ofl 180 balls. W ith a set of 287 to face. University opened with Alsop and Mackinnon. and though the pitch favoured the bowlers, both batsmen stood their ground so well that 52 was posted in fairly quick time. Alsop's off play was particularly effective, and his 31 may be described as the outcome of capital and taking cricket on a bowler's wicket Roche broke back considerably, and was decidedly difficult to negotiate. E. Barrett merits cordial mention for his contribution of 27, and it was noticed that the pitch became easier as the afternoon wore on. Mac kinnon's 32 was a cautious and creditable essay, all the more deserving of praise because of the condition of the pitch at the initiation of bis innings and for some time afterwards. Sutherland, who was shaping well, iiad the bad luck to be adjudged out for a catch at the wickets, though the batsman hit the turf, not the ball. Quirk totted up a good dozen, and Roche managed to break through, Dan M'Leod shaped like a M Ijeod for 22 not out, especially against bis brother Charlie's deliveries. A few minutes after 5 o'clock the stumps were drawn owing to the bad light, the score standing at 166 for Beven wickets. On Monday University continued their 'innings against Melbourne on the M.G.O. j ground, and the last man did not fall until 212 was recorded, Dan M'Leod by first-rate cricket added 20 to his 22 not out, and he re ceived fair measure of applause in recogni tion of his sterling performance. Green was seen to advautage in compiling 10 not out Roche sent down 134 balls for 62 runs and three wickets, C. M'Leod 168 balls for 68 I runs three wickets, H. Trumble 96 balls for 40 runs two wickets, and W. Bruce 66 balls for 21 runs and two wickets. Melbourne j did not make a promising opening with the bat, Bruce, Walters, Graham, and Trumble tumbling down for a total of 51. W. Bruce, after making .14, landed a long hop beautifully into the hands of square-leg, and Harry Graham in trying a pull pnt the ball nicely into i mld-on's hands. Meares was cutting aoont a l?ood deal, and Peryman found himself in sere trouble for a time. Three times young Pery should have been out before be had rei ched a double, but so soon as he got fairly goir.g be and Charlie M'Leod led the fieid a merr- dance, and Joe Taylor plied his pencil busil} for both batsmen. 180 was on the board, and Edgar Barrett determined that there was nothing for it but grubbers. The few persons rouna the rink barracked JSdgar, but Edgat didn't mind a bit The fair guerdon that he hoped to find was soon all there in the shape of Peryman's wicket Pery Baw the grubber coming along, saw it bop just at the last moment* and placed it to a nicety in the bands of Wilton at mid- off. Peryman made some capital strokes when the wicket became eaBy after a shower. Charlie M'Leod shaped excellently for 57, and was beaten by his brother Dan. The ball was a downright shooter of the good old type. Eight wickets were down for 213. when Ross ana Blackham became associated, and at half-past 6, when Boss was caught off Meares at cover by Harry Graham fielding for Johns, the score stood at 830 for result of the partnership. Both men 8C°red fast, Blackliam the faster of the were aided very much by the kept on steadily but slightly, and made the ball wet and the pitch easy. It was quite interesting to note the warmth of bestowed on Blackliam as he headed Clmrlie M'J>od's 57, and anon reached young Yeo man's SO. The veteran keeper of the BUCKS never showed better form, and one cut ot bis rather surprised Quirk by its tremendous pace. I'm glad it didn't bit ^uirA the lep. Another cut went into SH . £ left hand and out again, and _ IcUirK was almost sorry his hand was in tne way. Tbis chance was given when tne prince of keepers had gained the seventies. All round the wicket he was thoroughly at home and effective, and to iiic it was a genuine pleasure to aid in the hearty lanna tion accorded him as he returned to tne pavilion after hiH admirable not-out essay, which included ten 4 s. u noss deserve# very favoutable mention for Ins >«. Dan M'Leod took five wickets for 121 and Meares two for 69. The University bowlers were sadly handicapped by the ram and by the fact that just after play Parted Johns received a nasty blow on one of the fingers or his right hand, compelling his retirement from the field for the remainder of the day. Sutherland stood short-stop, but he was not close enough. I should add thatSyd Donahoo batted well for 18 and was thrown out by Quirk, who seems to be a crack shot at tne wicket. Green did some really fine work in the outfield and at third man. A Bendigo friend informs me that the recent partnership between George Freeman and W. Murray, which yielded 236 runs, is the biggest, bar one, ever known on the Back Creek ground. The exception was in 1892, when Bendigo United scored 60o for six wickets against Harcourt. On that occasion G. Mackay made 189, A. Mackny 1-8, and G. Allday 125 not out. A. Mackay and Or. All day put up 238 during their comradeship. Another biR partnership was that between George Mackay and George Freeman against Harcourt last season, when the pair put up 205 between them. G. Mackay in that match scored 151, G. Freeman 134 not out. I note that the famous batsman H. H. Massie is taking a trip home. I hope be won't forget to visit the ground at Oxford where he made his magnificent 206 against Oxford University in 1882. I hope, too, that he will look no old Spotf., and impress upon the demon that H. F. Boyle had the best bowling average in the sensational match agaiust Marylebone in 1S78. I am pleased to bear that the incorrect average given in Wisden has been corrected in the guideB kept by Mr. Heather in our association rooms. Honour to whom honour is due. Mr. J. Barlow, of the M.C.C. committee, entered the matrimonial ranks on Tuesday, and is passing the honeymoon in Sydney. He received a handsome present from his fellow officers of the City Bank, and I hear that the M.C.C. committee also intend to mark the occasion by a nice wedding gift. 1 I am informed that Frank waiters will ! soon become a Sydney resident as a bonifsce in Wynyard-square. I believe the name of the hotel is the Cosmopolitan. Mr. Heather informs me that under the pennant rules Fitzroy and North Melbourne will have to play off, for the purpose of deter mining which of the two clubs shall go down to class B. Hawthorn, after a really interesting game with SVilliamstown, got home by two wicketa. On Saturday, owing chiefly to the telling de liveries of Kelly, Williamstown fell for 133, and Hawthorn lost three for 37. On Monday i Hawthorn made the required number for the loss of eight wickets. Bedgeood headed the i list with a freely-compiled 33. Tom Hannah took 'three wickets for 34 and Thompson three for 2& , , tittle will suffice for Carlton and Port Mel bourne, the latter not having the ghost of a show. They fell for 129 and 115, and were beaten by an innings and 40. AValsh (not out) 46 and Russell 28 did best in the Ports second innings total of 115. Alt. Carlton took five wickets for 40 and Campbell four for 21. I fancy Warne of Cailton has won the theatrical trophy. So far as 1 can gather, one of the most en joyable of the Easter trips was that of the M.C.O. to Yarram. I have in a prior number intimated the fact that the M.G.C. won, but I have now to tell you that the victory was due to the true sportsman-like action of Yarram in playing beyond the appointed time. Members of the visiting team, one and all, desire me to convey their l>est thanks to the Yarram fellows, especially to Messrs. E. Scanlon, the brothers Gellion, B. P. Johnson, W.jJojran, and the president of the Yarram Club (not cricket), Mr. Hill. Milton says, " Battening our flocks with the fresh dews of night," and Shakespeare has also something about "batten" and the "moor." But with all due deference to Milton and the immortal, neither fresh dews nor a moor had anything to do with it It was an oyster-bed. On the lone shores *of the Ninety Mile, if not the Ninety Mile, well something else. I caunot tell you the whole history, not even Phil Cohen can tell you, nor Sramlon. But Scanlon'a jokes are as good as Mncintyre'a, especially that about the " Right Bower" and " Hogs' lard." At a smoke night in the M.C.C. pavilion on Wednesday the toast of Frank Walters'a health was honoured in bumpers, and a cordial wish expressed that he might meet with every success in his new sphere of action in Sydney. Frank, I am told, was happy in his response. Tne M.C.C. executive have distributed the large sum of £250 amongst the charities. It is a splendid contribution, worthy in every sense of the leading club, and a fit ting act to terminate a brilliant financial season. The charities will always be glad to see the Major and Mr. Sheridan turn the ^Ir^the match between East and South, when evening shades were gathering Jack Harry (wicketkeenerl remarked to Sam Morris^ (strikerV "It's getting a bit dark, Sam." "Well, replied Sam, "with me batting, yon keeping wicket, and Prank Laver bowling, it would be odd if we couldn't throw some sort of shadow." Jock smiled from here to there. Sir. Mpmitng, of the East Melbourne club, says that the Jolimonters who visited Hamil ton will not easily forget the kindness and hospitality there extended to them. On Easter Sunday they were driven in a coach and live to the Byaduk Caves. On Easter Monday a splendid lanch was given to the teams by the ladies of Hamilton; another grand luncheon on Tuesday by Mrs. Ingram, who also provided afternoon tea. On Easter Mondaynight the visitors were entertained by the Hamilton C.C. On Wednesday a fine day's dock-shooting was had at Mr. T. Bremen's, HensleiKB-park. Mrs. and Misses Bromell entertained the tpam to luncheon and afternoon tea at Joesio, and to dinner in the evening at the homestead, Mr. Manning states that the Jolimonters tender theur best thanks to the above, and to Misses Kipon and Messrs. Bippon and Learmonth, The "Count" Palomba, of Johmont, intends to sell out hie Italian estates and settle at Hamiltoni 