A RUSSIAN LEGEND. . It may not be generally known (writes the London Globe) that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, lias written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the course of which he relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Eamily, which caused great sen sation among the credulous a few years ago, and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by the faithful. It appears that not long after the death of Alexander IL a peasant was interrupted in his prayers' by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant, although stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not! dreaming. Still trembling he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at the time, and had taken his visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost reappeared. Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. This time the verger was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and though afraid to approach the phantom him self he called in some of his colleagues, who, like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Czar seemed to castfa sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of the court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. . . On the next_ day the same apparition oc curred. On this occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. No doubt could now be entertained on the subject—the soul of Alexander II. was tormented and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. _ The news was borne to the court, where, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonishment. At first it did not encounter absolute incredulity. The members of the Holy Synod were consulted; and they promised to enquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should he given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father. He sent for one of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest con fidence, and ordered him to clear up the mystery. The detective went to the church, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result. In due course the phantom appeared once more, and, as on previous occa sions, directed its steps towards the statue. The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander H., and seemed to see him again as he was on the day of his assassination) with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost .praved longer at the statue than usual. The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the de tective glanced at the statue, and discovered that many of the most valuable jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened his eyes, and he dashed after the phantom, which 'turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was strug gling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with considerable imagination and audacity, bad conceived the idea of robbing the relics in .the midst of the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He was taken to prison, and eventually tried and condemned in secret—at least so "the legend runs. 