'SQL-VED BY TI ME A STORY OF THE EUREKA STO KADE. S?S A. O.OZIEhs, B..A. R Bights B ezerred.] \- (Co??in?i?ed) "Thae folk ares i ofa hurry, said Maloeom ' ' "Aye," .laughed iAndis.c "I fancy the troopers are out on licence hunting."j "Damn that, Isay, an' wia big d--, too. It's toohard that the men should iaeto,.pay-for liberty to work, and wha haesihrvtopay? -Naebody that has ony right to.tak their money." ' "And what is the Government to dol" -No government that belongs onything I;re-?,tsh can-has ony bnsiness to tax wi'outpeople's ain cousen. Why, man, it has been settled for us mair-than air hnuuer years syne, and 'rn a' out o'.my :revkoning if thae digger chiels are the .-men to stan' injustice." "Traps! traps ! Joe !" were the shoouts now heard echoing through the long eaIches and glades of the bush. Presently a big tall man burst into view, runlnning as fiast as his legs could carry him, and ridilg at full gallop a trooper rushes in p uit "" 'Thart~'s Shanaghan:" said Anderson. "Ikuneirhn as soon as I caught sight of him. Joe has as much chance oforerhauling him as a streak of sun beam." "Wetl, I for one hope he may get ofE Eb, man, but he can use his shanks." They had now descended the hill some distance, when they came unexpectedly ona scene wahch roused all the ire of the old Scotchmpn. There was a little tent raised under one of those gaunt, skeleton like "ums winch give such a dreary aspect tothe bush. They stand up in their white and ragged nakedness like the columns ofruined and deserted temples, with the remains of withered and for gotten garlands fluttering iu the wind. The tent was a shabby concern, but round it weire collected a vroup of troopers and foot police that were worthy of atten'ion. The troopers evidently enjoyed ;.chir business, and four or five brawny fellos;s handcuffed together were the fruits of their chase. Still they were not con tented. The sergeant had dismounted, and was at the entrance of the tent calling the "d ----d wretchc3" out that he might see their licesces. There were only two men in the tent, one of them the owner, who wasill, and the other a man who-had only come to see him, and if possible help him. " Your licence, you infernal scamp," the sergeant shouted, as one of the men camne out "Here it is," said the owner. " ow,. Li suppose I can go back. I can hardly I -stand." "lStand, and be d----d! You will stand here as long as I want you. Trooper, Lord, see whee that other ghost is. Were there not two of you in the tent when I came upt" "That's n-my isiness," said the man, who naturally? ifented the tone in which he was addressed "Your business," roared the sergeant n-I-, GbyG.- ZTII devilish--anon make it mine," and he seized the unfortunate fellow b- t iESeati end aheok him furiously. -. . resently Trooper Lord came out with another man. "Sergea~t:"saidhe,. 'this man har' no lii-ene He says he is a servant of Dr. Pirie's e IUp with him, and on-with the dar bie," shouted the sergeant, who was a ru~ian of the type then common. lr Ple or no Pinie, he comes with us" " Why, , that's Gregory," said Mr. And.-rson, "Jimmies man: Gr.-gory attempted a-eix?lanation "I amenotn digger, and hrejnothing to do with diging, sergeant, and hihrv -ehohl yon take me 7" -. "Sto,.your.jaw, or I'll gag you. I'll show y fowe do at Forest Greek." - Mr. Andern aimd Jock could stan" it no inllogr, and rol-forward. "I scan assue you, sereant," said the former, "thatw-hith this .man states is perfectly correct He is Dr. Pirie's groona ,'?-?todig. He is, you-see, only mi -mihan,-nd has no aVsppearance orf adigger" "D---- Dr..Pirie, and you too: I have taken the man because he has no licence, and I'll hold him too." "But what you are doing is plainly Stow that hash. If you don't shut up denced qoick ll chuck the darbies on you too. He shall go, and before he gets round the mount will find the use of his limbs, I'll go bail." The trooper seized the poor fellow by tif'tllar, and dragged him over to his horse, prDoeeding to tie him to the saddle by a rope carried by these gentry for that purpose. "Why this is monstrous," said Mr. Anderson -Jock took his mu" from his pocket and had a vigorous pinch. "I'm ne an sure that cheil never heard o' liagna Charta in his school But I cannot have the poor fellow draggedover the county m that way. He wi be dead before he goes a mile." "Better hauld a canle to Beelzebub. See what that fule o' a sergeant wants in bawhees. The baebees gang a lang road wi' f'-ssnws o'.his stame." I" ! suppose that is the best thing to do, hut it is maddening to have tb do such a thi in n free coun?try." - " a free country," Jock said with a lanugh. '-It is a new sort o' freedom then." Mr. Ander-on did hold the candle to Satan, asd asked the sergeant what bail he would take for the man's appearance before Ccmmiseioner Johenstone, and £5 as the amount stated. He at once de posited the lail money in the sergeant's Tzands, asd Gregory was released. "We must anntcipate. to tell the result iregory appearedi before the commissioner the next day, and is Dr. Pirie was present toprove that that the man was not a dig?,er, the charge of having no licence was withdrawn, but-e was fined £5 for -sanlting the police in the execution of tlh-ir duty. Gregory might have beaten a -~ild of 10. The troopers rode of at a 'Irst~ with their captives handrculed, and teng--ed at the sase pace as the horses " V. il," sai; Jsck, " they teil't me I'd s.- etratnge lomI' ,,ut here, but that is -imar than -ny 'sponsible mon would oi.-.n o' i, a hraii Scotland." hmr. Anderson wa:w even more indignant. lie hal lein treated witi scant courtesy, .rlir:hilhecanue he was a stranger, and "i- ,ti',.=.w hi,,, But it sra. ennggh to maeii te t .e no oif ny mass buil. 2D 4, Ionest,'hard-worl-ing Englishmen were treated like felons, and left at the mercy of a body of police utterly demoralised by the licence given themibytheirsaperiors.. The squatter was decidedly pushel not ,of his groove Iby the incident. Hie ru-It have read about the high-handed pro ceedings of the Jacks-in-office, andi hi avmpathies were decidedly against the victimts He was, however, an ezin,,.I vi fair andl just man, and vwhen l, _' br,,,ulht personally into contol-to- - tihs-e wrolce suffered by a free-spiritl. intelligent, n Inl manly people his pI,-e judlices received a violent shock. - " I never curld have believed it." .?, cai,] to hie friend as they role .rap,."i in the diection of Ballaralt, "I,,-, co-lt hali, believed it If I lhatlt seen wi wit, my ow eyes. It is- imply, monstrous2 "Hoot, mon, it will gie and sono, remedy itsel', ony sometimes the rei?j~e: is waur tian the disease But Il uonaiv that things dinna look bad.. The men winna stand for ever being taxed an.| harried. An' if they turn against it tlhey may be beaten, but theyll all win in the end. But whaur does friend Jamie. live amang a' these tents and pit holes " " O, James has built a mansion of his own He is doctoring all and-sundrv.. that come to him. The diggers 'c~anioCt make him out, he is so careless about money-not the spendifig ofli?`'lrith' taking of it. Alice is simply adored ly them, and she says the admi~ation h'not one- sided. Yon only saw. her wheo.shee was a little thing. You will be surprised . to see what a splendid woman she has becotue. She is James'a right hand." ' Aye, aye! Jamie was always a care ful chap, and got the best o' ever.y thing. It wad be a wonner indee.l if hadna found a goid wife. I'm-glad o't, an' only wish Tam may folP'n sich a guid example." - "Tom knows.what he is doing, y?u may he sure." - "And do you think you ken what 'one i' doing," Jock asked with a langh.----lI don't, you-aund me will has to-lookafter a' or fonogsters,".a'd-.both thefQi~ s laughel as t:hey dismounted before a large weatherboard house,-over the gate -of whiclh was a big- plate, .with the,. inscription on it: " Dr. Pirie, phyaician, an-d surgeou - CHAPTER XXIL :" Alice well deserved the high compli ment passed on her by her -nclie.--le wasreally a splendid woman--the maiden beauty had developed into the charming matron.' .The matronly honors were only fresh on her brow, but she bore them with ,more tlhanh tie pride of a queen Whn tii' tw', Cetletnc', entere'l Dl. Piries s- receivld :*-r uncle with all theexiuraasi.?s of affecti,). " .O?ear uncle, I am delighted to ,e.. you How are they all at dear Btlyth.Z field ] Why have you not brought some of them with you ?'" My dear, I h=ave brought an old friend of yburs. Of conrseeyou knw who he is." "Ofcourse I shbuld, even ifI had ,iot known he was not in the colony. I have many strorg reasons for not for ~getting Mr. Malcolm, even if he were not one of my husband's best friends, and the father of my dear friend Tom. Welcome to Australia, Mr. Malcolm; we shall do our very heat to make you at home amongst us I almost envy Blythefield that it has got possession of you firs.t" " Weel, weel, Jamie was no fule sure eneuch," said the old gentleman, kissing her, "to ?hink that the wee weepin' la?.e that I saw last should turn out such a queen amazllg wimmen . " Oh, MIr. MalcoinL, you must not rmenew our acquaintance with such out rageous complhments. But."-she spoke so a saddened tone, laying her hand on hisarm-"the wee ' weeping lassie' will never forget the goodness and kindness of one true stranger friend. But come, I am not going to look bhack on anything that would darken the bright present. Look at my little nest. It is not a duck of' a home r" It was a pretty place indeed, and beautifully situated. There was a ver dant clump of watt'es immediately hehinll the house, forming a background of everlasting green In the front, the ground sloped a little abruptly to the banks of the Yarrowee, and was covered with long green grass not yet touched to yellow by the artor of the sun. The view less glorious, bounded on one side by the miss o1 Buninyong, and on the other by the "feathered" crest of Warrenheip. It is strange how, even in the savage mind, there is often a rein of poetry which finds -xpression in the names which embody a conceptiont of the beautiful.-. What words could describe the crested moun tain better than Warrenheip, the hill of the "emu feathers," or Buninyong, the mountain of "the knee," when the im agination can picture it a mighty giant resting with the knee drawn up in repose 1 The Anstralian ~aboriginal was a savage, and a low savage, but even he caught a glimpse of the great soul in nature. Alice was an admirable hostess. Dr. Pirie was not at home. His practice was a large as w- llas a lucrative one. He had begun by tolerating colonial life, and ended by enjoying it. It was all so differ ent frc-m what he had anticipated ; so different, too, from his old selfish and useless life in London, that he had found a fresh z?est in existence, a renewal of his youthful ambtiir.n, not to become great and exalted, bnt useful. -And in this he was admirably seconded by. her whom he had chosen as his wife. She was indeed a mat?. He came in shortly after the arrival of his friends. Of course, his greeting was cordial in the extreme. He ha'1 a genuine regard and affection for his cousin Jock, whose keen, shrewd, anil igorous mind he thought contrastes with hin own rather epicurean charac ter. SSo, Jock,5 said.the doctor, "you have found your way out here, as-I thoughc you were bound to do. Where the carrion is itere will the eagles be gathered together." "Why you reprobate, d'ye mean to say that its ony after the carrion I came here 1 Or maybhe ye are comparin me wi' yin o' thae big birds that fly about that black hill .hbeyant.': "There are are worse beasts on the wing than big birds. I don't like the look of things here at all just now, and they will Sgo worse before they become better." 2D 42 (To be continued)' 