Local and General. Flantrks. — J, Francis DavIos has just laudod a largo assortmont of Woongnrra Oauo Ivnivos, Ohnft Gutters, Castor Oil, Cotton Wasto, Engitio und Tuoks Puoking also Spring Mattresses and Strotohora and uoaamg. Agont for tho .celebrated Ualata Bolting — J, Francis Davios, Ironmonger, Yours ugo a lot of monoy wns situlc in the Gnota goldfiold, upon Molangal rim. about 05 miles, vici Moolboolaman, front Bundaborg: but owing to tho rofraotory con dition of tho ores, oxporienoo proved that, as a rule, to obtain tho prooious motal coat moro than it was worth. Couscquoutly mining has boon at a very low obb in this loonlity for a considorablo timo past— in fact, almost con- finod to solitary effort horoand thoro. Things, however, aro to bo quickened into a livo stato ngaiu, and with tho aid of capital tho latest resources of soiouoo will be brought into requisition to ovcreomo thooxtraotion diffi culty, Ruffoy's roof, tho largest ond most promising on tho field, was inspootod last week by a Brisbauo syndicate, amongst whom aio— Messrs. J. Ahearn, J. Moffat, J. W. Sutton, and W. Thompson, with tho result that it has now passed iuto their possession. Works upon a largo soalo will bo orooted shortly by Messrs J. \V. Suttou nnd Co., whoto exporionoo as manufaoturors of miuiog maohinory onsurea tho plant boing of tho bost obtainable: nnd omploymout ia to bo iouna lar, irom luu to zuu Hands, lndopond ant of this, another party is negotiating just now for tho ereotion of chlorination works, to treat tho tailings on tho fiold, which sproad ovor 800 aoros. To-night, Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company open their season at tho Qucon's Theatre, in Audrian's oomio opera, Olivette. This is a piooo ono would, at first sight, supposo to be beyond tho bistrionie powers of juveniles, us it contains many situations, dialogues, and criticisms ot a nature abstruso enough to tost tho intuitions of much oldor aotors. Olivette is, in both plot and. mueio, a sparkling vivacious opera, tho musio boing of a lively nnd appropriate character, and it inoludcs many littlo gome, both as eoloa end choruses, tho etreios of whioh will poreist, as every good strain should do, in haunting momorv for somotimo after hearing them. The plot is of tho usual Frenoh order. Olivotto, daughter of tho Seneschal of tho Countess of Rousillon, immured in a convent, has her marriage arranged for with Captain de Merimao, aoholorio old son oaptaln. "She, however, fulls in love with his nenbow. valentine, tho oaptain of tho Roualllon guards, who rooiprooutea hor affootion. But he is likowiso beloved by tho Countess,' so to gain his object and clandestinely marry Olivotto, whioh he does, be is oompolled to adopt tho disguise of his unolo. This pro vokes many laughable complications until unolo and nephow aro brought faeo to faoe. Thon tho denouement onsnos. The Countess obligingly gives np Valentino, as a marriod men, and .marries hor cousin, tho Duo des Ifa, who has already attemptod to abduot hor ; Merimao likowise finds himself compelled to aocopt tho position, and for tho remainder joy belle ring encore. A dish of fish is ono whioh should be approached with caution at tho present time, as apparently an opidemio has broken out amongst tho inhabitants of tho river. Any number of tho finnoy tribe can bo seen n of the Burnett; and it is to be feared that thoy havo sucoumbed to somo contaminous matter whioh has polluted, for the timo boiug, tho stream. Tho fact is tnuoh to bo regrottod, as at no timo is thero a surplus of what is roally tho most healthy food for tho morning meal, and wo eon ill afford to loso any through thoughtlessness. Mr. Walter Bentloy, who arrives noxt Saturday, lectured at Maryborough on Monday night, his subjoot boing "Frag ments from Scotia," and ho mot with a great recopuon. He will bo aocompauied hero by Miss Minnio Brandon and Mr F. W. o etcruug vocalists. WOll knowu in musical oirolos. To them will bo entrusted the saored songs incidental to the performance of the groat Passion Play, whioh is to bo produced at tho Qucen'n Theatre on Sunday night. Speaking of this exhibition tho Wellington Evening Post says : — Tho Opera Houso was crowded in overy part last night, and largo numbers had to bo turned away for want of oven slanding room. Tho attraction was a lecturo upon tho PaBaion Play of Obor Ammergau, illustrated by a hno series of Dmelight views of tho performance of 1890. Mr Walter Bentloy delivered an impressive discourse, whioh woe listened to with nbsrbed interest by tho groat audience. Ho told lucidly tho story of tho. wonderful Ober Ammergau performances, thoir origin, history, and development, giving personal details regarding the performers, and descriptions of tho opon-air village theatre ana what goes on there overy ten years, when tho quiet Bavarian Alpine village becomes the sccno of a great dovo- tional funotioo, upon whioh the oyes of the world turn, As tho description proceoded pictures of tho performance ond perforators of tho last play were given They were very lino, and the scene of tho Cruoifixion was particularly irapreBsivo, quito a thrill going through tho audlenco as the lightning played around tho threo figures upon Calvary, when tho leotiirer described in solemn tones tho convulsion of nature whioh occurred when Christ gavo up tho ghost." Further facts are beginning to come ark n ,,;'uu w". iao unfortunate visit "Dr. favored tho town with last week. Now tho telegraph wires have been sot in motion, it appoara that not ontirolv unknown elaowhero aro the blandishments, tho gloves and tho stiok, whioh produoed suoh a Boponfio and meemerio effect upon all he favored with his patronage— exoept ia one instance where the proprietor proved, like tho redoubtable Joey Bsgstook, " sly. sir, devilish «rtto P«9pbraso Charlos Diokons, Tough is J.F. and dovlUsh fly," The doctor appears to havo disappeared as mysteriously as ho arrived, for thoso socking an intorview with him still maintain an ominous eiionco. It is certainly matter of surprise that seeing the longth of timo ho has been a livo quantity within tho circle of official knowlodgo, advioo was not sent through the country to accord h'im, wherever ho turned up, a rocoption worthy his genius. A notico appears in tho last Govern. ment Gazette withdrawing from selection portions lv to llv, Waroo parish. Thoso adjoin tbo seotion of tho Bundaborg Glad stone line about to bo completed, and tho land it is boliovod, will bo out up into small Igts' ond offered for selection oa agricultural farms at an early dato. Tho usual monthly meeting of the Presbyterian Band of llopo was hold in tho Young Men's Hall on Monday evening lost, tho Rev. J . Mackenzie presiding. Tho fol lowing programme was gone through i Hymn 117, address by tho chairman recitation by WiUio Smith; song, "Bonnio Hills of Soot- land," Miss Wright ; reoitation, " I'm Governess," Daisy Melklojohn; song, " Jossie'a Dream," Mies M. Stewart? rooita- tion. .Tacky Mackenzie j dialoguo, "Tho Safo Side," Misses Holdou, Stewart, and Garland ; violin solo, " Silvor threads among tho gold " Willio "LoWis reoitation, "Tho Puzzle Dutobmau," Walter Davidson song, Dream ing of Home and Mother, Miss M. Holtfon . reoitation, Hanpah Bondipg? song, "Gone nrq tho Days.1' Don' Stewart; recitation, Willio Ncblo. Tho singing of a hymn brought a most ploasant ovening to a olooo. A- num ber of ohiidron signed tho plodgo, Tho following notifications appear in tbo laBt numbor of tbo Government Qaselta: H. B. M'AU GhalUnor to be Dlstriot Registrar in Insolvonoy. Withdrawn from seleotion portions lv to Hv parish of Warro, Bunda borg district. To morrow night will be hold tho adjourned meoting of tho North Bundaberg ratepayers to oonsider tho advisability of forming that area into a sdporathihlra. The labor schooner Sybil, whioh has boon oat on a recruiting voyago to 'tho Solomon Islands oxtondiog oloso upon four months, wan signalled off Woody Island on Saturday last. A pilot was sont down by tho etoamor Llowollyn, And tho Sybil oamo in a. far aa tbo White OHffa'yaatorday. It i9 t0. ported tho Sybil has 94 roorufta on board Sho la in charge of Captain Malcolm, whllo Captain Tornuros. tho owner of tho vojsil sailed as pilot. Tho roorults aio principally for northern plantations!— Ohroriicts. Tnndors aro being called by the j'uatui uuuiuuuus ior u loreo years convoy- uncea nf majls and parcels in various parts of tho colony. Amongst tho sorvloes advertised opj'our tho followlug Roaodalo and Baffle Grt'fk, via Itosedulo Station (Utile's!, Book's Nei sen's, Olsseo's, Rothman's Noilpon»fl! QriU Halo'fl» Donny'fl, Do Abel's! und Wills'; onoo a wook. Callldo and (.row's Orook? onco a week, Gladstouo and I.ftftftiii, via Bond of River and solootiops, East .St wj, OiilUopo, main road to Catfish liuiri, L f Calllopo Station, Mount Alma Fonn, Dutngjep, Ffftbumio, Prairio. Hoolngul,' nnd JJarjMd (mailman to lako on from Culliope to GlmUtono mail from Cani«, Ao on Saturday, jf rmiuirt-il) j onco a 'woek. ' You require Spectacles. (Jot thorn sclontifl- cully adjuriud to your sight by M'fiood aod Go , Jeweller ' ' i Uuntlabcrg, toubllcas on account boiqg uu impor'mt oogar oentro, is gouerAPJ favored with' a fr0,n ni,J dlHtingu!nhoa geutloman' happonsto bo iu Hrlabnuo offiuinl o" other, huHinciw. At tho proson timo, wiP ftru honored by a visit from ttie Fronohf Consul-Gonoral, Monsiour Blard d'Auuo/lf who arrlvod in Bundaborg on Monday ovouing last, and is tho guost of M Miraboltt mnnagor of tho local brnnoh of tho Frenoh oJuhlo Uompntiy. Before roturuing to Briffb00 on Friday noxt, M. Ward d'Aunot \v>H bo shown round tho district, and will hnvoX 9u opportunity of vjowing tho sugar indv8trJ m notivo oporation Last ovoning Mo\>fllur Alntlamo Mirabol hold nn " at homn" 1 honor of thoir guost, whou x largo and faBlfotomiblo gothoting was prosont, particulars of\ wliioli will nppoar in our Lndios Letter Friday noxt. M. Blard d'Auiwt has woih distiuotioa ia tbo two pro- fosbions with wlii\h ho has boon connected— tho naval aud thv diplomatic. Into tho former ho ontored ii? 18dfi. Aftor muoh dis tinguished sorvioo inL China and Geroa, and two voyages of oirounpuavigation horoturnod to Frauco as oommanoLr of a prizo takou from tho Gormnns in 1870, subsequently wont through a campaign in Coohin Ohlna, ond hold important posts ln\tho Mediterranean Squadron and olnowboro«, Aftor his mar riago with tho daughter of tho Mur- quis do TEstnug Parade "fp 1879, ho re tired from tho navy, and. ontored tlio oorps diplomatiquo, serving hit oouutry in Spain England, Russia, una other parts of t)in tonrld. Alimtf. ftx?n onn.a fifffl tin WnR appointed Consul-Gcnornl in SjTdnoy, an ollioinl position whioh makes him not (>oly tho reprosontativo of his Government, but thoir oonfidoutinl adviser on all matters relatttig to these oolonies. M. Biard d'Aunot pas writtou a good deal on politioal and admlni- trativo subjects, and also produoed sovoral dramotio works. Ho is a Knight of the Logion of Honor, a Commandor of tho Ruseina Ordor of St. Stanislaus, an Oflioor of tho Academy, and has also Turkish and othor decorations, Tho usual weekly meoting of the I O.G.T, Hopo of Po&oo; No 43 Lodgo was held In tho Oddfellows Hall oa Monday night last, a largo attondanco of members being present. Threo candidates were initiated in tho Order. Bro. Follows oooupiod the ohair in tho oarrying out of tho pro gramme of tho ovoning, it being opon-nlght. Songs, rooitations, and musical items were given by several of tho Sisters and Brothers, Refreshments woro handed round by tho Sisters, and a most enjoyable oveoing was brought to a oloso by singing " Auld Laug Svno." Wo rcgrofc to announce the death of Mr John Calvert, formerly a hairdresser in Bourbong- street, who oxplrod in tho hospital on Monday lost His remains were followed to their final resting place yesterday by a con sidorablo numbor of frionde and aoquaintanoos, inoludiug tho membors of Prinoo Arthur Lodgo. At tho recent shows in tho Wide Bay and Burnett distriot (saya the Toowoomba Chronicle), tho "spieling" fraternity had regular field days with the publio in thoir gambling games, and piokpookoting was carried on to a very largo extent. At Laidley last wook tho eamo proceedings were carried on. and this weok thoy paid this town a visit. The offioiala at tho show re fused thorn permission to play on tho ground, ffht at intervals they attemptod to carry on their games. Monoy bad to bo mado, how- over, and thoy turned their attontion to tho towo, and particularly to tho residences of tho people who had gone to tbo Show. Mr. Pointers rcsidonco, at tho oornor of Privato and Hume-streets, was visited by them on Wednesday aftornoon. . . . The suocoss of tbo Royal Agricultural Sooioty's Show this year may bo indicated by tho amount of monoy taken nt tho gatos. Last year the total sum of £149 10a Id. was taken, which was tho record highest gato monoy np to then, but this week tbo roaord has beon eclipsed, tho gato monoy on Wodnesday and Thursday totalling £172 Gs. Id. nir. \\\ u. uroom uas just corn- £leted his 83rd year as a member of tbo legislative Assembly, Ho was first Mooted on the 11th August 1862, and has thus repre sented tho same constituency for a period of 33 years — a rooord not equalled by anypublie man in Australasia, Attention is directed to W. J, Straohan's advertisement in another column. Tho Rotbwell and James machines, for wbiob Mr Straohan is agent, do not want any " blowing" _ from us, as two- thirds of tho machines ridden in Bunduberg aro these makers, somo of them running for nearly two years without costing the riders a penny for repairs. Thero is a splendid stook of sundries on tho premises, ' also satnplo machines of tbo different maqufaotqrers, In connection with the forthcoming bazaar and grand drawing of prizes in aid of St. Mary's It. 0. Church, wo loam that good progress is being made. Tho ladies having ohargo of the various stalls held a second meeting at tho sohoolroom yesterday after noon, and all spoak highly of the generosity and kindness they aro receiving from the publio. Tbo dato of holding tho bazaar bos not been finally fixed, but will not, we understand, bo far from Christmas. The energy put forth, as well as tho deserts of the purpose will, we are sure, meet with the success duo tq genuino .effort qnd q worthy 0bu80. Tho Hospital wardsman desires to acknowlodora with thanks fhn ranaint nf bags of potatoes from Mr. E. Negus, Sunny- bank, and a ease of oranges irom Mr, R. M'Mannio. During the early part of the week, a honao in South Bundaberg was invaded by a very undesirable visitor, to wit, the un- weloomo thiol. From recent information to hand, it would appear that during tho temporary absence of tho oooupants of a house in tho upper portion of M'llwraith- street, some individual or individuals, ovidontly well acquainted with the ran of tho place, effected an entranco,and after rummag ing about alighted on the housewivo's wealth bag, whioh contained, bosides a considerable suui in notes and gold, some valuable documonta, Tho progress of tho thiof, or thieves, must have been interrupted at this junoturo, for, oq tho return of tlip owners of tho plaoo, thoy found several gold pieces, notes, and papers scattered about the floor. tnougn (be purse, with some silver, had disappeared, Wo understand tho police are investigating tho matter. In view of this instance it would he well for housoholdors to look thoir doors seouroly during thoir absence, for tho thief appears to bo very muoh abroad, or, as somo may think, vory muoh on hand, at presont. Messrs. G. F, Lyons and Co., ad vertise that on Monday next tboy will Auotion Miss C. Partridge's valuable colloo- tion of household furniture and offoots, with out reserve. At tho fifty-aovonth quartorly meot ing of tho United Brisbane) District, A.O.F.. the working of tho fotnalo lodges In Bunda borg and Maryborough was brought under review by Bro. Wood. Satisfaction was general at the condition of those Institutions, and a strong feoling oxpressod by somo of 'the dolegatos in favor of the early establishment of similar lodges in tho metropolis, and throughout tho nnlnnv Mnn..l)n . i Tha follotymg information about a ouiokon-oholora, whioh hoo lately boon dia- oovorod by tho Government BootorioIoHst to oxist in Queensland will bo rend with interact by broedore of poultry ,-Tho bird, whlob is attaohod by tho diseaso, ib without otronKth. etaKgerinir, tho winge drooping. Tho ruflled feathers tho body givo ft too shape of a ball. An ovorpoworing nomnolonco takos possession of it. If forced to open its oyoa, it appears os if awakonod out of a doop sloop, Vory ooon Iho oyelids oloso again ond generally donth oomos without thoanimei ooanging its piooo, or without any otragirlo azoopt at times u slight movomont of the wings for a fow ooconds. Cure i Tho onlv moons of orrosting'tho contagion io to isolate the fowls nnd ohlokons for o fow days onlv to romovo the dung heaps, to wash thii ynrd thoroughly, espooiolly with wntor aoldulntod with enlpbnrio noid, or' onrbonlsod with two grammes to tho litre, ' ' lwo Ifossrs, Ijusa guff Tumor announoo E?8 >hy "0 oponbg np Uioir first shipment of now' sprihg goods. » nnnslJ" v 8 ? advBr"soment, oonsist of n suporb nsaortmoht of the nowoef end most fashionable goods.!' Probates havo boon crantorl In tho following catatce :-WllIiam Myopek, of Moryborough, bntobor: porsonalty and realty, HI 003. William Webetor. of Brio- bono, incrobnnt, norsonulty £20,000. James Marsdou Wiso, of Ono-Milo, Oymn o realtv £3810 personalty £808. 'h.T/ ally £680 J"np ' 01,11 on8lnc,!ri poraon- A publio testimonial in commomora- tion of his jublloo birthday io boiog organised on bobalf of Dr. Bnrnado, who for 20 years bos kopt Ills Homes npon to recolvo wuifa and dostitutc i oh ldron of all denominations During tjjat timo no Iobs than 20,000 children havo boon ro«onod from ralSory nnd dogndation, whilst 7,500 selootod omigronta havo boon sent out to tho colonics, thei/ Bucwsif ?t rB in 0flt;k oflao highly ! -» J The labor schooner Helena leaves for the New Hebrides on Saturday morning, in command of Captain Reynolds, who takes about twenty returns for that group. Mr Davis, the chief officer, does not sail in the vessel this trip, but Captain Doig takes his place, as the May is likely to be laid up for some considerable time yet. In the Police Court, on Monday, before the Police Magistrate, T. Robinson and M. M' Donald, charged with selling drink to kanakas, were each fined £5 and costs, in default, three months. Yesterday, Willie, a South Sea Islander, was charged with un lawfully setting fire to a crop of grass, and remanded for three days. For allowing their horses to stray on the public streets Harry Williams and Lee Goom were fined 5s, with costs £1 9s 6d ; J. Turnbull was ordered to pay costs, 17s. Mr Hamilton appeared to prosecute in each case. In the case of James Gibb, com mitted to the Circuit Court on a charge of committing an unnatural offence, the Attorney General has entered a nolle prosequi. The Solomon Group frequently furnishes something for the world to talk about, says the Newcastle Herald. A good many of the islanders who reside there are given to practices which furnish powerful arguments in favor of mending or ending them. Some kanakas were being returned to their native country from some German plantations at Samoa. They ought to have been placed on their own shores, but two of them were sent about their business on the island of Malayta. In that part of the Solomons the objection to the influx of aliens is very strong. Naturally, the people cannot object to colored labor, as their own particular shade of black or brown is rather common throughout the Group. Instead of poll-taxing the unfor- tunate voyagers they poll-axed them, and knowing as we do, the tastes of the people, it is reasonable to believe that there were supplies in the village of the attacking party for that day. It is nothing less than murder to land strange men in strange country in many parts of Polynesia, and the people on board the German vessel have very much to answer for in sending the unhappy couple of kanakas to certain destruction. Mr Chamberlain has said that he desires to do something which will strengthen in a still greater degree the silken bonds. In the South Sea Islands he will find a great and beneficial field for his exertions. There, an authority to be re specter has been established ; one that will have the effect of making the lives of white men safe in the isolated positions in which they must necessarily live. It is not necessary to place the black man underneath the heel of the white to ac complish this result, for all that is required is meting out of impartial justice all round. It would be of enormoun advantage to this country if life and property were as safe in Polynesia as in Australia. It is high time for Great Britain to wake up to her re sponsibilities in this matter, and make the savages, in whose veins fiercely runs the desire to murder and outrage, understand fully that dire retribution will quickly follow every act of theirs by which human blood is shed. Mrs. Ralph Mood, tho oldest resident of Parramatto, diod on Friday last, aged 93, through bursting a blood-vessel, Sho was at ono time matrou ovor tho femalo oonviots in tho olden days. Her grandson, Mr. C. R. Mood, &ota; as tho Railway Commissioner's porsonal amanuonsis, and generally aooompauios Mr Mathicson when he is in theso parts. The labor schooner Fearless arrived at Cairns at the end of last week from the Solomon Islands with 79 boys, her full complement, for Hambledon plantation. Captain M'Arthur reports favorable weather throughout the trip. Mr Ussher, the Government agent, reports the boys as a fine class for plantation work. Tho following oxcerpfes are take from the eleventh annual report of Walkers Limited During the year tho Marian Central Mill Company's contraot at Maokay has been completed, and gives complete satis faction, showing, as anticipated in onr last report, that colonial engineering firms can manufacture sugar maohinerv in all its details quite equal to tho homo firmB s tho plant for tho Maryborough Sugar Factory Limited is also completed as a juice factory— the oreotion of tho sugar manofaotoring applianoes remaining in abeyanoe for a short timo, at the special requoatjof that company. Shareholders will, no doubt, remember that this company (Walkers Limited) agreed to accept 5000 paid up shares as part payment of contract, but your Directors have nqt in any way dealt with or tokon into aeoount theso shares until tho contraot ia completed in its entirety. Your Directors have pleasure also in reportiog that tho contraota at present on the oompany's books for sugar mills, mining, and meat works machinery are euoh as will keep tho works well employed for several months. The business operations of tho company for tho paBt year show nett oarniugs amounting to £4,410 7s Id, whioh with tho balaooe carried forward last year of £3,626 5s 9d, brings up the total at oredit of profit and loss account to £8,045 12a lOd ; this result your Dirootora consider highly tisfsotory, but in view of the large contracts in hand, and bearing in mind that progress payments on theso ooatraots will only bo made on maohinerv actuallv nnmnWnJ delivered, your Directors do not see their way, under the clrourastanoes, to reoommend an immediate payment of a dividend, but thoy hope, if the work to hand is turned out speedily, to be able to pay out of tho present ascertained profits, a satisfactory interim flncS year""8 One of tho foaturoa of tha Queens. land National Association's Show this week is to be Edison's reoont disoovorjr, tho KInclo. scopo, whioh for several months pact, it ia reported, has provoa a great attraction fn Hvdno7 and Molbourno. "Itisaninvontion which, aaya tho Argus, dosorvoa to rank with tho oiootrio telegraph and tho tolophono— a porformanoo which clih only ha dccoribod io ono word, < mlraouious,' and whioh no ona who takes any interest in tho solontifio' progress of tho ago should miss. 'Iho Kinotoscppo shows a string of lihotagrcnS. wita snob snood that tho oyo foils to seo whore ono onds and tho othor begins, and as each "gnro is taken with tho moat faithful minuteness tho spoototor is almost loft nndot tho impression that tho acono io aotually animate. Bat in his maroh of wondor. making Edison knows not tho word, "halt:" and following upon tho hoola of the Klnato. fPa J.0 now filves tho world tho Kinotophone. a combination of tho scopo and the phono ' graph, giving sonnd oa woll as notion. Tha 10" moo£.mo resombos tho kinotosoopo olosolv, with tho addition of rubber tubes and oarpreoos,bymoansof whioh tho voioea of tho subjects shown may bo hoard. Tha matter of combining tho twoimaohlnoa wiu nli.f l u 5 Eon' vory simple, tho only obstaolo being to got thorn to workjn mrfoX l , '= kinotosoopo and pho«o» graph to bo otartod ot oxaotly tho same Tfcoprqb om that Mr Edison has nowSnt a n tKo P'oiiuctlbh orTifc sI inHnTi: S flT ho wi" fctvo tho msohlno ia to threw 11, ni-r 0. month8. His idea kinotoscopo upon IK'V' m"an9 of ft' S l5o'sisonntet 1 ariraontinK fM proluoUon piotoresredSmCtbo'tie' I'o weapon ftVrtctore' ' mI'8% o.B.«SSS fibber to control hia tongoo , ? u#ahlo , abToM'oTy 'from Br!,1cnmoaro871,nl,'' ' Faoiiioh Books for Juno arrived, 'Woigol'a W dotalogncs 01 , postod ld. brdcrc by Cl 0$" Pro»P.UttenU.u.— G. J. yjt Pr?80nt« for friends at >V!tW''- U c"??ln'7 ung A Co" Kv I "stod to any port i w-owialanw, 