THE CHAMPION BRIDEGROOM. America produces many champions, but her latest perhaps is the best effort the United States has been credited with fora very long time. The New York correspondent of a Melbourne paper relates that James Clsrk, who is sixty years of age, and possesses only one arm, has married 69 wives, most of whom are still alive to tell of the perfidy of the ancientgay deceiver. Clark's modus operandi was to marry any wolman who would have him, young or old, prepossessing or otherwise; so long is the bride of the hour possessed some means the marriage bells rang out, and the happy couple were joined. A brief honey moon of from 24 to 48 hours ensued in most cases, and then the much-married man ruthlessly fractured the silken strands by the simple process of levant ing with the lady's jewels and other property. He was not at all particu lar in the matter of nationality, and at last he secured a smart newly-landed French woman, who was speedily made Mrs. Clark the sixty- eighth. They went to Niagara, and the bridegroom left the rest a few hours after their arrival, taking everything he could lay his hands on. The French lady at once issued a warrant, which was smartly executed, but not before the one-armed Adonis had taken unto himselt another wife. As soon as the story got abroad grass-widowed wives, of all shapes, sizes and ages; pretty wives, ugly wives, tall wives, short wives, all manner of womankind in fact, turned up to confront the bride groom like the ghosts of an unburied pest. The consequence is that r. clean shaven, one-armed old gentleman with a strong cast in one eye languishes in durance vile, and his victims are en joying a great revenge in the know ledge that he cannot marry any more horrid women. America would appear to be a very easy country to get married in. According to the ex perience of the amorously acquisitive Clark what the matrimonial advertise ments style " marriageable ladies with moderate means "appear to hang cherry ripe by the wayside ready to fall into the conjugal state at a nod from a one- armed swain with an ec centric eye. Perhaps it was the eye that "fetched" the ladies, or mayhap the teautifully simple manner of dis solving the bonds through the Divorce Court, may have something to do with the readiness of the sex to plunge into wedlock. 