! PRESSES FOR THE. i i I jj; "You are married, I think, Mr. |j Tempest?" said the Head 'of the De li partment, beaming blandly on the ' Hirst. Attache in embryo a3 he looked r up, oerore signing tne appointment j papers. \ "Excuse me," said Charley Tem- i pest, smiling back hopefully ; " I am | not yet. " I " Oh ! ' — the Head waved his goose- quill in thin air and seemed reflective. "I hud . quite thought — hum — quite had the impression — very singular | indeed ! " ; "Yes; it's singular," assented ji Charley as innocently as he dared, ji (What had the chief got hold of ?) !j "Asa matter of fact," continued ji the Head, " this post may be said to |( require a married man ; so in con- j sidering your claims and service I I had — eh ? " and the Head raised his |; eyes to the ceiling, ji Tempest had horrid visions of the li coveted post being disposed of to a ! married advantage elsewhere, and J made up his mind to act. j' " That need not stand in the way," , he said, struggling hard against a 'i feverish demeanor. " For, as — as a ;; ) matter of fact, I'm — engaged." ji ' "Come, c-ome ; that's better!" with si renewed affability. " Well, Mr. !:! Tempest, settle the matter as quickly v as your inclinations" — with a slight S;: smile — " doubtless suggest. And I ; think we may then consider everything else as arranged. Good-day. Hot at 'j: all — not at all ! Good-day. ji. " Whew !" Tempest raised his hat to cool a deservedly fevered brow when the official portals closed behind ij: him. A hansom flashed past. There I j was a bow, a Bmile of recognition, a || start on his side, and the chic little bonnet went by. He put |( on his bat rather distraught, and sji turned into Quean Anne's Gate, g " Now who in the name of Euclid was that girl ? I've met . her somewhere, pi and " He stopped and looked |j down into the bottomless lake of St, jij James's Park. A duck waddling jjj briskly under the bridge was struck id! with the possibility of a bun. It slowed progress, and quacked up at jsjj Tempest interrogatively. Uncon- '; sciously kind, he threw it a penny 111 and walked on. The bird felt out- | raged, but he never knew. " Engaged, !ji; and to whom ? Well, of all the con- $! founded situations ! A month to do if:' it in, too." !„! . "Taken to talking to yourself, old hoy ? That's bad," and a stick touched f him familiarly on the elbow. " Is it if love or liberty this time, eh ?" v; Tempest found himself outside sjjj White's, "Oh, it's you, Doncaster. jj1: Coming my way? No, I can't; go in, if Got to order my kit for N- . I'm if. off next month." _ "You don't say so? Congratula jj:, tions, oltjitan. It's a nice snug thing. j;i!i Eut don u they always give it by jjij! preference to the married fellows?" if " Well, of course ; but I'm engaged, jj>; you see." jj|j! " Ha ! sly dog. What a twilight if you've wrapped the whole thing in. j;ii Do I know the lady ?" jijji Charley thinks it possible, but re- jS'l members that he has promised to lunch". l|jj " Poor old Tempest !" chaffed the other, " and you used to have a puue- $Sjj tilious memory for meals. This looks 'jlij cardiac, very. Going to the Pomfrets lyijj to-night ? They've got those Ameri- ;$i cans staying that we all knew at Bin r- ritz last year. You remember ?" if Kemember ! Why, of course ! That ijji; was where he had met the girl of the |-i liansom after all. Little Dolly Drum- jilji mond, with whom he had frifvglled so if often. "Oh! staying with thp Pom- lit! , frets, was she ?" i/jij Tempest stepped into a hansom and lip drove home, turned over a dozen in vi lli!; tations, and found Lady Pomfrets hjij among them. That was all right. He ijiij;' would so. .. . The rooms were jjjij crammed with sultry, suffering society $jg that evening, but Tempest presently H'ijj annexed his hostess. " Oh, Mr. Tempest, what a late jfj; person ! You don't deserve it, but ifiiji perhaps Miss Diummond will give you this extra. You have ''met before, :|j,i have you not ?" f i: " You looked as if you had seen a jliji ghost when I drove by this morning," ijjj ' she remarked demurely. | lj " Or an angel," corrected Tempest gji "That glimpse I got of you going te|j; ny filled me with despair and deter- ji;!; mination." n'sji "Indeed! You have enlarged even ii'.j:1 on your Biarritz vocabulary, I notice. But why both ?" p: " Well, one was that I might not p;: meet you again, and the other that I must," h:;- " I blush ! — but, meanwhile, am rather hungry. Are you shockod at a f i feminine appetite?" | "Infinitely, let me take you down | ' to supper and appease it." 1 Between such aids to sentimental l!|li digression as ice-pudding and distant waltz music Tempest led mournfully up to his approaohing exile. " When I go," he said, " I shall at least, leave the best part of myself behind." " Oh ' baggage restricted ?" asked the practical Philadelphia::. " "Now you are cruelly flippant," he said, " and I was hopiug, for old times' sake, that you might have been persuaded to pity me." "It was a good time," she said, with a reflective air. \- " Not so good but that it might be improved upon." " I don't see how. So many of the pleasant people are . " Oh ! Not as a chorus, perhaps.\ But what about a duet ?" " I am not musical," she asserted ; " and they take so long to learn." " I have an unemployed month," he told her, " and would hope for nothing happier than teaching you. May I begin to-morrow — eh, sweet Dorothy ?" "I think it might be arranged," she said, pulling her hand away. " And now, will you take me upstairs, please ?" — The Sketch. 