V.;\\. FRECKLES. ,'- , ! ; BY LILIAN . CANDLER. ; : r //.Madge, . Meg, wtaq ate you., I .soy, ; Madge 2 " . %,4\Vhat do you want P " i' 41 You, oF course; what else do I ever want ! 7 AVhere are you ? " « ' v '"'Up iu the apple tree, of course ! Whore tolse do I ever get when I don't want to be dis turbed P" . 41 Then come down." What for ? Cau't I finish my chapter ? " No, come at once ; I waut to tell you Something." MHore, then, catch tho book." And she' dropt fe copy of much used " Asphodel " out from the Rnarlcd old branches of tbo lichen-grown apple- tree over in the further corner of tho orchard. Jtoxinglmm Hurtley had by this time singled but the favourite renting place of the girl, and how stood beneath the tree in readiness to bolp her down or to catch her should she jump. Tho open book descended flat on his upturned face iu her stead; and while ho stooped to pick it up and to gather together tho loosened, flutter ing pagos, Madge swung herself dowu from her perob. Well ? " she asked him. " What's the matter ? " ho mado reply, star- ing at hor ss he straightened himself. That's what I want to know. You said you had something to tell mo." , Ho slufFcd the book into his pookot, and stopping towards hor took her two hands in his. 44 What's up, Freckles P You've been cry ing," he said. 41 Well, I don't need to be told that when I klid it myself," and she laughed a littlo watery Qaugh through her tears. ; 44 What's tho matter, dear ? Tell me all about it." And he took her two hands in his strong brown loft one and placed the other consolingly Tound hor shoulder. 44 It's only the stupid old book, Rex, and tt've read it twico before." . i 44 Goes out tuid drowns herself, doesn't she ? 1.1 remember. Silly old Freckles I But I say, Iby Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes ryou look awfully nice." 41 Don't tease; what have you got to tell imo ? " and she rubbed her wet cheek up aud Idotfrn his coat collar. 44 Nothing that'll make you cry, little one, Ibut something that will make you so happy on Imy account." 44 Oh, Hex, what is it ? Won another fbicycld race aud got a jolly prize P Or a rise rin the office ? " 44 Guess again." He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch dog the tears vanish away as she turned her (glowing face (o his. 41 Dear, I can't guess ; tell nan." \- 44 It's something jolly, and will be a sort of expeoted surprise to you, if I may use the expression." 44 Rex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the ehestnut cf fcsir George's you wanted ? " Her eyes looked very serious 'now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. < 44 No, 'pon honour, I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't." She said nothing, but with a happy littlo . -sigh of contentment sho loid hor hoad down on his shoulder again. 44 Well, I sco I'll have to tell you," snid Rex- ingbam after a pause. 4 'You remember the artist who was struck with your hair la6t year P " 44 Ubm." 44 Well, it's something to do with him ; can't you guess ? " She knit her brows and puzzled in silence. At last she said: 44 No, I've no jdt-a of anything , about him that could concern you except through me," she added in au undertone. 41 What did you say ? " ho asked quickly. 44I don't know of anything that could concern you with regard to him. Have you soon him lately ? " 44 No ; but I've seen hiis sifter." . 44 Which shtor ? Miss Rive, or the frisky Widow that was here ? " 44 Both ; but I mean Fauline— 'Mies Rive." 4 Well ? " 44 CanTyo.u guess ? " v:,. 44 You dou't .mean she Jias . asked you to sit i fenow hlio coiiid pniut peopio." 44 Didn't you ?" The retort pounded as if it half revealed a secret. But ltoxingham did not notice it. "Woll, I'm engaged lo her, that's all, and I'm just the luckiest fellow in the world ! Isn't it jolly P" Something startled bun, it sounded ns though a voice in the far distance and yet Bomewhere quite near ejaculated 4 Oh God ! " And, hut that tho expression was so unf&minine;, and was moreover uttered rather in Iho tone of a supplication tbnn un interjection, he might huvefaucicd Madge had uttered it, just as she burled her face deep in his coat. 44 Well," ho asked, after , a pause, 14 aren't you gome to congratulate mo ? " .Still she was silent. 44 Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum . Freckles, Imveu't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were fond of me little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my bit of good news to." Ho put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to bo tho colour from her cheeks aud the network of littlo sunspots which, had won licr her pet name from him, stoo 1 out in bold relief against tho unwoutcd paleness of her skin 44 What's the matter, Madge P You look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled there on my Bboulder, dear ? " The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was gone in su instant. (IT think I must have swallowed a picco of fluff off your coat," sho suid, 44 and it stuok in my throat." 44 This engagement of yours is rather audden, my hoy, isn't it ?" The tone seemed somewhat anxiouH, and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when, about au hour afterwards, licr son hud sought her out to tell her of his picco of good luck. 44 No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have often met them in London since." 44 1 hadno idea you admired that kind of girl," said Mrs. Hurtley. 44 Ob, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, besides, she has such a good figure, and really tho dourest litllo foot and ankle of uny womun I know." 4 Well, I suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figure nud n pretty ankle," suid his mother, with just a touch of something that was uot like her usual kind self in her voice. 44 Havo you told Marjory P" she asked after apauso. 44 Of course I told Freckles just as soon on I got iu from tho station. Thoy told me sho wus in tho orchard, and I naturally sought out my old playmate at once." 44 And what did nhe say, how did she take it' P" asked Mrs. Hurtley anxiously. 44 Ob, she didn't say much, she was a bit surprised at first, and, besides, just as I was . telling her a fly flew down her throat or some thing, and she had to swallow that first. After a bit sho asked mo if I were happy in my en gagement, and when I snid, 4 Rattier ! ' she told me then so was sho. I say, mother, I want you to uslc Pauline down here, and all might get up a little picnic or something. And— I should like it to bo nice you koow ; they ure very rich ! " . 44 How do you like my dress, Box ? " 44 It's charming." 44 But you ure not looking at it." 44 Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dross ! " She laughed, she wqh pleased, and yet con sidering how used Putilinn Kivo must have been to compliments and flattery it seemed Htruuge she coufd still feel so delighted about them. 41 What are wo going to do when wo get out of the train P " she asked presently. 44 Go straight to tho river and meet Meg and tbo provisions thero, and that lazy brother of yours if ho remembers to turn up." "4 Oh,- Rex, it will bo awful if J&ok; doesn't . oomo ! M Why ? I needn't do all tho work. Madgo . can row." 44 No, I meant— 4 two's comfortable, three's a 'crowd, you know." 14 Oh. Freckles doesn't count for 'an extra ' . - one ; .sne is a jolly sort of girl that way." . 41 1' don't liko Miss Arlolgb," protested Fauline. 44 But you must sinco sho and I are great chums, you know." 44 Yes, I know. I wish you were not," 44 Why ? " 44 BkeTs a funny sort of a girl. Do you know what Jack said of her P " But Jack's mashed ; he'd say anything. What was It ? " 41 Ho said, when bo was so mnd that time for Jher to sit for him, you remember-4 thai girl 14 the sort thw make heroines , aud murderesses of." Ho sayp rod hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour whtoh tombs and goes lindor her skini/means passion and strength of will. Docs sbe ever get in a passion, Rex?" "Never; sho is the swootest-tempercd woman 1 know ; -.but 1 don't suppose Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we ure." . As they jumped out of the train Madgo met them on tho platform. 4I came lo the station," she said to Rex after greeting Mias Rive, 44 in cam you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rivo lias not come. Let me have tho other side of that, Uc-x," she said, suiting tho action to tho word, 44 I'm so strong, and it. lessens tho weight so much for two to carry it." 44 1 could have helped Rex," protested Pau lino. Rex laughed. 44 You help, indeed ! Why you are only half my sizo ; and, hrifides, tho strain would pull that rig of yours out of gear!" 41 Beride, I am mere used to it ; am I net Kox P '' answered Madge, turning to him. 44 Wo'vo carried many a picnic basket down to tho river between us, haven't we P " 44 Yrs, Madge, you're an out-and-out brick ! And she never shirks her share," he added with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. 44 1 suppose you have knowu Mr. Hurtley n very long time P " observed Fauline in a dis tinctly 44 conversational " tone, 44Not so very long ; I am only twenty- two," replied Madgo so brightly tbut to suspect sar casm in (he answer seemed treachery. 44 1 was three and Meg teu months old when mother adopted her," explained Rex. Pauline vouchsafed no reply, bub bit her lips and walked on. To ber the remark seemed ill- bred on Madge's part. They were soon comfortably snttled in a tiny boat ; it scc-med us if there would not havo been room for Jack Hive had lie come. 44 'Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingbam P " askdd Paulino as they started. 44 Yes, if you sit still and don't wrigglo about ; it isn't else." 44 Tlion why did you bring me out in it," sho exclaimed, in hotror. 44 Oh, Freckles and I always use this boat, and there is no choice between this and a much too lumbering ulfnir." ' 44 Do you often go' on tho river, Miss Arieigh P " asked Pauline. 14 A good bit ; in tho bolidnys Rex and I are out nearly ell doy ; whuu I'm alone I generally go in a cunoc." 44 Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe P " 44 Oh, no ; not if you know tun river. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is diffi cult for mo to steor, or for Rex to scull if the boat's not trim." 44 By Goorgo ! it's more than difficult ; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along I " ex claimed Rex. 44 Ob, I'm so frightened! Let's land soon, please," entreated Pauline. 44 Sit quiet for goodness sake, Lina, and vou will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open the lunchoon baskets I " Miss KiveV courage rose, und her equanimity roturned as she found that the boat neither turned upside down nor run into the bank as 'they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases iu Iter neW|dross, and actually began to enjoy herself. 1 At Willow Bend tl oy landed, and the bankets gave up their hidden store, much, too much of course as i su <1, as is the way of picnic baskets. 44 1 begiu to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped; don't you?" remarked Hex, as having suppliod the ladies, ho begun to fill his own. 44 You seem quite us well able to dispose of the tbiugs," laughed Madge. ' Hasn't that boy an enormous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss Rive P " H I can't say i'vo noticed it," replied Pauline in quite »n aggrieved tone. 44 Oh, conio now, huvca'c I been in a good temper ever since you first smiled on ino ? " exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie, Thoy dawdh'd so long over their luncheon and than went l,f just a little lower down," before turning back aud again putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of ten, nnd it was such fun boiling tho kettlo and .washing up the plates, and re-pucking the basket, that it was growing (lark by the time iho little party commenced their return journey by t|he river , Even -Paulino Hive acknowledged that she Marjory so' quaint uint'msrry I lmt sho forgot that her gown puckered wherever tho wntcr splashed ou it, aud that the rising mist was bringing ker hair out of curl. 44 j'll scull home," said Rex, 41 and you steer, Freckles." 44 It's getting awfully dark," he said pre sently, ' alier working steadily for a quarter of an hour. 44 Are we noar the lock yet ?" "'Another sixty yards and we'll he inside," answered Madge, peering into the darkness for boats uhtad. Iu the lock Madgo wanted to change und take the sculls to rost Rex u bit ; slio thought, too, that he would prefer (lie seat next Pauline, but Rox insisted on returning the ours, bo was not lircd ho said ; and it wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark. When thoy tmeigud from the lock thoy found tho river very misty, besides being over shadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. 44 1 don't like this ; I don't feel safe," ex claimed Pauline. 44 It's all right if wo are careful, and Freokles is a splendid stccrcr," Rex Assured her. Presently Madge said : 44 Rex, there i6 some thing in front of us ; it looks as if a great coal biirgo had broken away from tho tug and was floating broadside ou to us." Pauline Rcrcnmed, 44 Give her plenty of room, then," ordered Rex, and Madge turned the boat into the middle of the stream, as the obstacle seemed coining down almost along thu bank. Suddenly, ns they came irom the shadow of tho great hulk the lights from a steam launch bluzrnl in their eyes. Before they knew what to do tbo fruil bout struck forcibly ogrinst some thing. 44 Wo'ro lost I Wo'ro lost I" cried Paulino. 44 Sit btill for God's sake, or wo shall bo," commauded Rox. 44 Clan you buth swim ?" 44 Slip loose your skirts," whispered Madge, ut Paulino flung herself ou the riilo of tlu- boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they had time to recover her, she had upset thorn all into tho water. 44 Help !" shouted Rex ; 44 we're capsized ; stop the screw." Madgo found hnrself dinging to the side of the boat, which had not turned over, but had righted itKclf more than half full of water. She caught at tho wrist of Paulino and placed her hand on the boat too. 44 Hold on," sho cried, 41 wo are all right but uvtn as she spoke sho felt the bout sinking steadily beneath her weight ; it was evidently leaking, Soon sho heard Rex olosc to her. 44 Aro you both together 44 We are both here," answered Madge. 44 Paulino is so quiet I fear sho fainted or re ceived a blow." 44 We must strugglo on to the bargo ; the steamor does notsocm to havo heard us, and has gone on.'1 44 Save Pauline," cried Freckles, as tho boat sunk out of hor grasp with a swish and a whirl of black water. Rox scorned undooided. In that supremo moment tho faithful affection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. 44 Save her," repeated Mudgo ; 44 1 oan swim V' Hex struggled to Iho side of tho barge, fiub it was too high out of tho water to allow of any landing, burdened as ho was, too, with thd inunimato weight of the fainting Paulino. Ho was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting tho barge managed at lust to gain tho bank. Thro he doposiled his futuro wife. 14 Freckles," ha shouted, 44 make for tbo bank. It's uoc so very fur. ; go down stream a littlo and then come past the barge. Madge I Madgo I I will keep on shouting ihafc you may know which way to! turn. Or shout, dcur, aud I will come out to you !" No answering shout relieved hla hungry ears. 44 Freckles !'' ho cried wildly. 44 Madge ! Madgo!" Still no answer, but in his cars ran to tho tune of the gurgling waters. 44 Save hor ; I can swim !" And with that goncrous lie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had fled out to eternity. 44 Does thin new photograph of inino do mo justice, love P" said Miss Giddy to bor dearest friend. 44 It docs, more," replied Mies Flipp. 44 It's really merciful to you." 44 Aro you writing any moro stories P " 44 No, Pvo given It up. Too much friction." 44 Worried you too much, you mean P " 44 No. My manu script was worn out going through tho post so much." . Patient ; Is the doctor at home P"— Maid : 1 44 No; he has gone to tho football gamo;" — Patient : 44 For pleasure or professionally ?" 41 1 understand that WHloughhy was half seas over at tbo Sneorwell dinner." 44 Ob, no, he was srilhij; iat? thu port whea l Jo>C 