JOHANN K RUSE'S SECOND CONCERT. 'J hero was another gnat house at the Bijou on Saturday evening, when Hcrr Johann Kruso gave his second concert. Tho actual number of thoso 44 sent empty away" from sheer inability to find room was probably less than at the previous concert; but people have now learnt that no attempt to hear Johann Krusa is in the least likely to succeed unless the pre caution of booking Beats well in advance has been observed. The enthusiasm manifested iu these concerts, at a time when musical enter prise in Melbourne is &t; its lowest chb, will in itself bolp to make Hcrr Kruse's visit a memor able one ; and one may hope that it will be of sorvice in showing that concert givers wbo have really good music to present may still reokon confidently upon the patronago ncceisory to ensuro financial as vroll as artistic succgsb for their venture. Hcrr Kruift'n share in the concert under re view, .though less exacting in amount than at tho oarlicr entertainment, would yet buvo provod a tolorably heavy task to most violinists, embracing as it did Bepthoveti'a Romance In F, Hpohr's Concerto in K minor, Tartini's .Sonata in G minor, Schumann's Abendliod and a Romance by Svuudsen, tlio last two being encore numbers. These were as usual played without book; and thoir performance served still further to ex hibit tho sound technique and artistic sympathy of our now famous fellow citizen, and to demonstrate bow richly be merits tho high esteem in which he is held in tho land of his adoption. The Beethoven romance, though by this tolerably well known to local music lovers, is one of tboso exquisite gams of pure inelody whereof no one can ever tiro ; aud its interpretation by Herr Kruso must be spoken of in terms of very bigb praise. In response to hearty and long continued ap- plauso the gifted violinist came forward again with a transcription of Hohumann'a Absndlied, which ho played with intense feeling. Tartini's Sonata iu G miuor has so far as memory servos uever before been played here. The famous Trillo del Diavolo, whioh is in the same key, is of course familiar enough, as is also tho story of Tartini dreaming that the Prince of Daiknoss played & magnificent sonata to him, which he afterwards endeavored to reproduce. But tho work brought forward on Saturday, though innocent of supernatural origin or domouiac suggestion, will striko most hearers as being quite as great a composition as the more frequently played Devil's Sonata, if it should not rank eveu higher. It opens with a broad and majestic allegro move ment, wherein Herr Kruse's perfect shake and faultless double stopping was in abundant evi- douce This is succoeded by a captivating presto of considerable executive difficulty, though here ngain the performer had not ap parently the slightest trouble in satisfying the composer's demands upon his skill to the full. Tho finale, a graceful andantino in 6-8 time, is prefaced by a abort introductory largo, and makes an eminently suitable finish to a really fine work. In compliance with a further de monstration of approval, Herr KruBe then played tbo lovely romance by Svendsen, whioh has bccu a favorite encore number with many of the great violin virtuosi who have from time to timo visited 44 thoso remote regions" — to steal a phrase from the Ormond professor ; and this, as heard from him, proved one of tbo most en joyable items in a thoroughly enjoyablo pro gramme. Another novelty to Melbourne concert goers was furnished by Spokr's violin conoerto in E minor No. 7, whereof wo will only sioglo out for mention the delightful theme used as the second subject of the opening allogro, tbe eminently 44 satisfying" melody of the adagio, and the flowing "old world " elegance of the concluding rondo. At the termination of the concerto, which was also the and of the concert, the audionce remained seated until Horr Kruse had been called on thrice to bow his acknow ledgments to the vehement and long sus tained applause his masterly performance had aroused. Madame Elise AViedermann sang the aria Vatlrai Carino, from Mozart's Don Giovanni, aud the great scena Abscheulicher ! from Beethoven's Fidelio, the former with all her customary success, the latter hardly &o; well as when she has been heard in it on former occa sions ; a hearty recall resulted in each case. Mr. Marshall Hail's efficiont little orchestra, whioh lent valuable aid in tho songs and such of the violin solos as needed its help— tho accompani ments to the rest being capably auppliad by Herr Beuno Scherok — also opened the proceedings with a praiseworthy performance of Mozart'a Don Juan overture. Herr Kruse is announced to make his third and last appearance in Melbourne at an orches tral concert to bo bold in the Town Hall next Saturday afternoon, when he will be assisicd by Signor do Boaupuis, wbo is coming over from Adelaide spocielly in order to be present. Tho Melbourne Liedertafe! are giving a smoke concert at tho Athemcuin this evening, under the direction of Mr. II. J. Kiue. At the Opera House on Saturday evening Mr. Slado Murray made his reappearance with the Rickards Company. He gave a humorous per formance, and was wsil received, Larry Dooley's fuuny imporsonatious were greeted with the same sigus of enjoyment, as were shown on former occasions, and amongst numerous diverting songs nnd dances, a ditty called The Giddy Little Girl Said 44 No" by Mies Daisy Chard claimed special attention. A oliorua of 15 AraazonB was auother interesting feature of the new programme. The ghost walked ouce again histrionically at the Oxford Tkeatro on Saturday evening, when Will Whitburn again appeared as that owe inspiring personage with a comic side to his char&otor.; This skit again tl brought dowu the bouso" with laughter and applause. The vaviety ( business wns excellent ss usual, the artists including Mi«s Akarraan, tho Leonard family of acrobats and Miss Euuiae Fernandez, the mandoline player. Some good singing made the ontcrtaininsut complete. Xne Town Hull was crowded on Saturday night with visitors to tbe Citrus Fair. The refreshment room also was full to overflowing, and the ladies officiating had a busy timo in sorviug Mildura's dried fruits. In the concert Mrs. Palmer's rendition of the Ave Maria (Gounod-BAch), with violin obbligato by Signer Zclman and organ acoompaniraent by Mr. Watkin, wos received with great enthusiasm aud au imperative encore. Mrs. Palmer also gave Annie Laurie, aud Horr Louis Fieissuer, Miss Louie Morrell, Miss Agatha Miller, Mr. R. J. Vaugh&u; and Mr. Will Elder contributed to the varied prograramo under the direction of Mr. August Sicde. To-night, when the fair will close, Mrs. Palmer will be tho prinoipal soloist. A concert company of artistes consisting of Miss Evangeline Floreuco, soprano ; Miss Lily Moody, contralto ; and Herr Mark Hamboure, engogod by Messrs. Stevens and Howells, the Adelaide entrepreneurs, for an Australian tour, who arrived at Adelaide iu tho R. M.S. Orient on i ucsday last, will oommeuoo the Melbourne season on Tuesday, the 20th August, at tho Towu Hall. At the next concert of tho Royal Metro politan Liedertafel, which takos place at the Town llall 011 Thursday, the society will be assisted by Miss Alice Esty, Mr. Robert Cuuniugham and Mr. Alec Marsh. An eutertaiumeut iu aid of Dr. Singleton's Night Shelters for tho Poor was given iu the Fitzroy town hall on Thursday evening, before a nuinorous and appreciative audience, Mr. Gourlay'w contributions and tho banjo duet being much admired. The Starling wn» recited by the ltcv. S. Hector Ferguson, ot Northcoto, who also gave a series of six living ploturos, repre senting soon© iu Scottish life. A collection in aid of the charity was taken up, amounting to £9 3s. lOjd. A voto of thanks was accorded to tho mayor of Fitzroy, tho Rev. Mr. Ferguson aud tho ladies and gentlemen who assisted in the performance. 