THE EXPERIMENT. By MRS. HUNGERFORD, Author of "Molly Bawn," "Lady Brank» more," "The Duchess," "A Born Coquette," "TheRed House-Mystery,"&c.; [Published by special arrangement tvifch -the -author* All rights reserved.] Chabtee VI.—(ContinuedI) _ Susan had been seeing to the comfort of her little Bonnie and had therefore Been ignorant of Betty's flight of fancy until the moment when Jacky stumbles somewhat heavily against her, and looking' up. she -sees Betty'81 diabolical pose. " Betty,"don't!" says she, glancing back to Jacky's face, which is indeed a mixture of. pluck and abject terror. "Would you not warn him,'then?" says Betty reproachfully, returning, however, to; her ordinary appearance ;. and making an aside at Bonnie, a 'pretence at shooting him. with her first finger and thumb that sends the delicate little creature into fits of laughter. " Poor old Jacky 1" retaining to the charge, "It isn't for nothing tbahghosts feyeal" them!, selves. It is easy to see that this one has her eye off you !" 1 " She hasn't," says Jacky again, who is on the point of tears. He is evidently not partial to ghosts. "And it wasn't through a; glass' wall I saw her—it was—-" he stops dead short. . '■ "Yes," says Susan,'still severely. "Do be quiet, Betty, and let him speak. It was——?" "Through the hole in the wall near the garden," confesses Jacky doggedly, but'sonieh what shamefacedly. "Yon see it was through the wall after .an,?*; says-Betty, breaking into a delighted laugh. "She'll get you, Jacky^ she'll get you yet.". " I don't think it is a very nice thing to peep throughotherpeople's walls into their grounds, says Susan, more from the point. of view that; she is the eldest sister and bound to say a word in season now and then than from any feeling of-horror at the act. All boys peep through, holes in walls when lucky enough to find them. "How would you like it," says' shej '4 if you were found doing it ?" "But it wasn't found, retorts Jacky sulkily ' "Susan," Betty breaks into the argument with a vivacity all her own," you have no more morality than a cat. You are teaching him all wrong. It isn't the not being, found but, Jacky, that is of importance, as _ Susan is most erroneously bent on. impressing upon you; it is the fact of peeping in- itself tnat makes you the," shaking her finger at him, "miserable sinner that you are." ' , "Sinner, yourself," says Jacky, now driven' to desperation and the most unreserved ;im-:, pertinence. "I often saw you look through1 the hole in the wall yourself." At this, instead of'.being annoyed, both Susan and Betty gave way to inextinguishable mirth; wherewith Jacky, who had perhaps hoped that his shot would take effect, pre pares once more to march away;': But Betty, raakiDg a sudden grab at him, catches him by" his trousers. - ■; " "Wait awhile," cries she, still shaking with, laughter. ; "Susan,'seize his arm. Tdl us the. rest of it. Was she ■?' , ■ . - 'I won't tell you anything; and I'm sorry I told you a word at all. Let me go, Betty? D'ye hear. You are tearing my breeches." " r . '"And you are tearing our hearts," says Betty, "Jacky, darling?' Go'on; don't he-si' cross cat, now." Was she V "Twice as pretty as you,' anyway,"- says. Jacky,'with virulence." " Is that all ? Poor girl,'' says Betty, who is" very hard to beat; "Prettier than Susan ?' ' "Yes. Lots." v ' * "She must be a real princess then and no ghost. I'd like to leave a card upon her. Per haps you would kindly push it through the hole in the wall, Jacky." , This is adding to tho insulin and Jacky with the. loss of a button or two and serious injury, to his suspenders breaks away " There now !" says' he, beginning to cry. '• '■ Look what you've done; and no one to mend it, and Aunt Maria will be angry, and father, will give me twenty lines-- sobs check his utterance. ' ■ Susan rises hurriedly and with &'whispered-^ word to Bonnie she passes him on to Betty, ' who in spite of her, carelessness receives the little fragile: creature with loving arms; hug ging him to her, and beginning to ransack her - memory for" a story to' tell';him," such as his" soul loveth; then Susanj' slipping her"" arm, round Jacky's shoulder,-whispers soft comforts! to him. He shall come in now and do his : lessons with her so that father shall not be vexed this- evening, and after , dinner" (the: rector's family' dined at 2 and had' high. tea. at 7) she would take him with her up to Crosby Park. • - • ! - - - Jacky's recovery Is swift; his sobs cease and he graciously allows himself to be kissed. To go to Crosby Park is always a joy. The big huge handsome place with its long gardens and glasshouses and best of all its' abs'efitee Hhd lord. '. : - . It is indeed- quite ten years since George Crosby had been in the Park, and in' all p'roba-' bility ten more years were'likely tb-elapse be-: fqre he came again. The last accounts of: him were from Africa, where he had Had a most unpleasantly near interview with a lion, but had got off with a whole skin and another not quite so whole. The lion had come"to grief." •"' 