A MAN AND HIS DESTINY. By Oliver H. Growden. PART II. CHAPTER XIV. A MAN AND WOMAN OF THE WORLD. On Board the Arimathea, Gertrude improved rapidly, and Armitage saw that, whether it had been reality or consummate acting to which she had treated him on the raft, it had come to an end now. He had a haunting idea that it had been acting - that this woman had committed herself to a course of deliberate deceit which was painful for a pure mind to contemplate. Still, he doubted. So far as her bearing towards him was concerned, there was no change. He recognised with much disquietude that the evil fortune which is said to follow evil doers had followed him and caused him to commit the serious error ( from an artistic point of view) of quarrelling with the very person who could do him the greatest amount of injury. Now and then, in a tentative way, he asked himself how he might have used the many opportunities ready to-his-hand while he and she were out there in mid ocean, had he known beyond all question that it was only acting, and he always left the answer blank. She became popular on board. There was a halo of romance about her. She was as good as a novel. The women petted her as far as she would allow them. The men admired her. There was a literary man and an artist among them. The first told her that she could make a small fortune by writing up her experiences. The other was in a strait betwixt two. He did not know how cruelly withering might be her refusal if he offered her money to be allowed to paint her, and he knew only too well how embarrassing it would be to himself if she accepted ; and so contented himself with making furtive sketches of her whenever an opportunity offered. But the only people with whom she really made friends were the very people with whom no one else cared to be friendly - a Mr. and Mrs. Malagrin. They were people who seemed to live a great deal in Prague. He was a tall thin man, always dressed in a rather tight-fitting suit of black, looking threadbare at the buttons and seams. His hat was glossy - ostentatiously, suspiciously fragilely glossy, and he was very careful of it. Had it not been for the expression of his face, one might have mistaken him for a person of the clerical persuasion fallen on evil times. As to years, he was probably not much more than thirty-five, but he was old with the age of the man about town. His mouth, with its colourless lips, was enclosed within brackets of wrinkles. He wore a moustache, an imperial. His hair and eyebrows were dark brown. His eyes were black. He was always smoking long thin cigarettes, which he made with a dexterity and precision quite foreign ; and his feelings when he had any, found their way to expression by one unvarying means - his manner of flicking off the ash of these cigarettes. When out of temper ( which was seldom the case, at any rate so far as outward appearance went ) he flicked it off with a short sharp twitch of his finger, flashing his eyes on and away from the object of his displeasure. When he was amused, his way was to brush off the ash with a slow caress accompanied by a gentle waving to and fro of the head. When he wished to express contempt he flicked off the ash with a precise motion of the finger, his lip curling and silently conveying the words, " My dear sir, you are of such small importance, and so little better than this morsel of ash which blows away as it falls - there ! that is what I think of you." The gentlemen would occasionally let him talk to them when they were in the cuddy or were tired of one another. At other times they simply froze him out from among them, and he would stand apart and curl his lip at them, and blow them all away in his ashes. His wife was a ponderous woman, whose face was so fat and flabby and colourless that it served all the purposes of a mask. There was an obtrusive meretricious sort of gaiety in her manner that set people against her, and she had a way of saying sharp things which, so far as the ladies were concerned, made them absolutely hate her. These two people were outlaws on a miniature scale, and Gertrude at once conceived a measure of fellow feeling for them. The gentlemen said that it was an adjective shame that she shoald come ander the influence of snch a man as that ; the ladies said it was disgraceful that she should associate with that " piece "- and it was wonderful what an epithet was made out of that little word, being pronounced with much venom and a sibilant hiss. It was a beautiful sunshiny morning about a week after her rescue. The wonder was in its seventh day, and having only two more days to run, had passed its virulent stage. Everybody was on deck. There was a bishop on board, and he had broken out into an unctous, chaste measure of jollity and had used up a set of draughtsmen in making a figure six on the deck, and was giving an exhibition of thought reading in connection with it. People were standing and lolling near by, and asking fatuous questions for the pleasure of being actually spoken to by a bishop. Mrs. Malagiin and Gertrude appropriated a couple of deck chairs - Gertrude with her hat low down over her eyes to keep out the sun, which was not very far above the horizon. Mr. Malagrin was frozen out and was leaning against the bulwarks with his hands in his coat pockets, his feet planted firmly in front of him, and sending the whole ship's company drifting over the side in contemptuous showers of tobacco ash. " Our senator friend from Baltimore and the bishop are not on speaking terms now," Mrs. Malagrin remarked to her husband in the manner of one who wishes to make conversation. " Since when ?" " Since last night." " And why ?" " The senator made some joke or other about ' our Mrs. Queen ' and the bishop said something about never wondering at the vulgarity of the "American people as long as their legislature furnished them with a precedent. A pretty wit - wasn't it ?" The witticism went over the side in the next shower of dust. " As you know, my dear, I am not particularly well disposed towards the church." "Mrs. Malagrin put the book she had, in her hand before her face and laughed over the top of it. " Mrs. Littlejohn, wake up. You are so stupid. What's the .matter ? You are looking at someone, somewhere here, as if you could eat him. Is it the bishop ?" " He comes from the South Seas somewhere," said Mr. Malagrin ; " he is probably used to that sort of look." " There's Mr. Malagrin following up your line of vision as if it was the clue of what's her name - Hecate ? - Somebody. " Only the young Greek gentleman used it in going away from the monster." " And you are using it the other way about," said Mrs. Malagrin twisting her- self to look. " Has it led you to the dragon ?" Mr. Malagrin had followed the clue up closely enough to find his eyes met by Armitage at the other end, who, with every symptom of piety, was actually talking with the bishop. " The nearest approach to one is - well, it certainly lies between the bishop and Mr. Godby." " There is a particularly harmless young man between them now," said Mr. Malagrin. " You can't mean him." " And it cannot be Mr. Godby, for he, in his modest way, has let drop enough to show that he was one of the chief supports of the poor castaways, was he not, Mrs. Littlejohn. It must be the bishop. ' To be black and all black' - you know the rest." " What do they call the chief support where all are rafters ?" asked Mr. Malagrin, removing the ash with a slow caress this time. " I am opposed to every form of playing on words, young man." " But it was not a mere play upon words, madame. It was a genuine unalloyed pun, and meets the dictionary definition. Let me explain the difference between a pun and a play npon words." " Oh, don't. It's bad enough to have the pun. Don't dissect its horrid little anatomy before our eyes." "There are worse things in Shakespeare." " H'mph. What do you say, Mrs. Littlejohn ? Do for goodness gracious sake stop that Lady Macbeth glare." " I beg your pardon." " There is some horrid old memory or other sticking in your mind yet. Go and get rid of it. Go and have a flirt with the bishop or the senator. That will be changing one horror for another; and they say like cures like." " If I didn't mistake Mrs. Littlejohn's glance ust now, I should say she wanted some to cure dislike.' " You are good at reading the language of the eyes ?" said Gertrude, with a glance towards Mr. Maiagrin which said, " if you are, read mine and be warned." " At times. For instance, I beg your pardon for my last remark," and he bowed with an apologetic smile. " And please let me say that I think my wife is quite right." " Probably, but how am I to be otherwise ? It is like saying pray be careful and let no circumstances occur in your life. We are all fools of fortune and I am one of them." " So are we all - all fools of fortune," said the gentleman. " At seven we are what our parents made us ; at seventeen we think we are what we have made ourselves ; at seventy we know we are what circumstances have made us. Sic transit gloria mundi." " Shakespeare or Malagrin ?" " No ; that's Malagrin." " And between seventeen and seventy you are what your wife discovers you to be - that's Mrs. Malagrin." " Madam I have been bred up in the atmosphere of courts. Observe my deep and subtle wit. You confirm my epigram \- you think you have made yourself a discoverer." " Gertrude," laughed Mrs. Malagrin, " contemplate me. You might think there was enongh of me for two ; but according to my husband's epigram, or epitaph, pun, or whatever it is, I must be seventeen." " Then you bear your age well, for you don't look it." " Ha ha-a ! Lady Macbeth has laid by the daggers and made a joke." Gertrude turned away with a frown and took up her clue again. " There it comes again. Now, now, now, my dear woman, don't frown like that, and don't repent of your joke as soon as it has left your lips - and we have not yet decided that it is a joke. If our jokes go not forth from us, you know, 'twere all the same as if we had them not. Call those frowns and wrinkles on your forehead - there, let me smoo-ooth them out ! - call them jokes, too, and let them go forth from you, and 'twill be all the same as if you had them not. There's old sweet Will turned topsy turvy to some purpose. Cap that, an' you be clever enough, my lady of Littlejohn." " Easily done," Mrs. Malagrin," said Gertrude, turning up her face with the ghost of a smile. " Presto, pass," said Mrs. Malagrin, making passes with her hand to mesmerise the wrinkles away. " How will you do it ?" " Turn old sweet Will topsy turvy again, and say what's in a name ? Does gall by any other name not taste as bitter ?" " Bah ! What do you know about gall and bitterness. Presto! again. Begone, I say." " Was it so long before it began for you, Mrs. Malagrin ?" The fat shoulders shrugged themselves, and the eyes looked around before answering. Mr. Malagrin had moved off. " Will it be long before -- Pooh ! What are we talking about ?" "Before it ends, you were going to say." " Perhaps I was ; but I am a fool, my dear, that's all. I am as happy as the next one. We women have no right out in the world at all. We are only happy when we are good little sheep, and nestle down in our own little fold, and keep from roaming out among the wolves. But, of course, first catch your fold - but that's just where it comes in. It is generally the wolf that first catches the sheep." There's no little fold for me, Mrs. Malagrin. There might have been - once I thought there was. I'm afraid I must be numbered among the wolves themselves now." " You're over young to say that, surely - and I, I suppose, am just as old. Ah, well.... You have no mother ?" " No." " Nor -" " Nor anyone. It has all gone by." " If frowns mean anything, though isn't there someone to hate ?" " We won't go into that, Mrs. Malagrin, please." " Very well - only don't go in too deep, my little tragedy queen. It doesn't pay to work up feeling. Myself, I don't hate anybody. But, but, but, we're getting serious, and I refuse to be serious. By the way, what are you going to do at the end of the voyage ? Have you anything in view ?" " Yes, I have," said Gertrude with unintentional significance. " Now - now - now - h'm, well, its your own business, I had a proposal to make ; but we'll talk of that later on. Meanwhile, let us talk of something else. Let's pull that horrid old creature with the glasses to pieces. She dresses with the taste of a Hottentot." " What made you laugh when Mr. Malagrin said that to the young fellow this morning about disapproving of horse racing - and that he was against every form of gambling." " Well," said Mrs. Malagrin slowly, " I think that will come out in the proposal I mentioned a moment ago - when it's made, I didn't think you were noticing." " You mean, in fact, that Mr. Malagrin is not opposed to every form of gambling ?" " To speak the unvarnished truth, he is not. But let us return to our sheep - moreover our very old and tough member of the flock who wears those glasses, and who dresses with the taste of a Hottentot. When I said I hated nobody, I left out of the count all the people on board this boat." " Do you hate them ?" " Yes, I do with my whole heart and soul," said Mr. Malagrin sweeping the decks with a glance. " Why ?" " First, because they hate me and Mal. Second, because it is the world done up small. Now look at that senator, or judge, or colonel, or whatever he is or whatever he calls himself. See him standing there with his cigar tipped up level with his eyebrows, hands in his pockets ; shoulders about his ears ; hat tipped back. What's left of him after spitting is all sneer and criticism - all I, mine, me, and six and-eight-pence. That little atomy beside him with his wizzened face that looks as if it was all being soaked up into his big nose - he's the same, only he calls it ' shent per shent.' There's the mate playing quoits over there with that girl, and trying to do the gallant-look on his face ; coarse as Tom Jones aud Peregrine Fickle rolled into one. Bah ! And then that flock of girls with no difference between any of them except one's more white than pink, and the other's more pink than white, with no more idea of what life is than a monkey has of arithmetic. And then there's the bishop - he wonders why people don't drop everything and listen to what he preaches as if people nowadays had time for anything else than to snatch a meal and forty winks and off again, high pressure, to make up for lost time. I believe half the men come to sea so as not to be able to be made work or to make themselves work even if they want to poor wretches. Bah ! bah ! bah ! and again bah ! The world done up small. Thank goodness, there's the bell, and it saves me saying anything about Mal. and myself. Come along, my dear." To Be Continued on Friday. 