§ Nra Hot. Kinettec^pe. Warming up. Arigipen?. casas. Parsons laid up. Silver, 2s. G/is^- Christroas cards. Warlike broken;. Are we in Tcxae? Prayers for peace. Speech days over. Christmas weather. Christmas holidays. Five wickets for 726. Gallant rescue by a lad. TlirilUnj- revolver story. Zlmmy v .light napping. Comet, in the south-west. Bellicose froth suberdmg. Evil effects of braggadocio. Orient arriving to-morrow. Den Walker never more-St. Warming up for Christmas. Zimmerman again defeated. Newspaper for the Norseman. Christmas cheer for the poor. Financial panic in New York. High scoring around Sydney. Steam fire-engine for the Port. Gobblers yielding up the ghost. America taking second thought. Zimmerman underrated Walker. Theatre reopens ou Boxing night. Gregory refuses to make the trip. Noise of war in the poultry shops. Has Gregory turned a professional? General Booth en route to Colombo. North Adelaides 490, Norwoods 120. English mail closes to-morrow night. Plenty of amusements for Christmas. Waxworks in Rundle-street to-night. Have you your Christmas requisites? Zimmy'fi own spurt knocked him put. Baromefer at 1 o'clock to-day, 29 "90. Narracoorte Hospital wants a Matron. America only exposing her nervousness. Miss Ada Crossley quite a musical star. A few Christmas Observers still on hand. Lovely drive to Teatree Gully on the 31st. Social to Mr. R. Smith at Glenelg to-night. English mail closes to-morrow evening at 8. Hannan's claims said to need 15,000 miners. May those who desire war be put to confusion. United States Government stocks unsaleable. Easy to see where the aggressive spirit most exists. The big D.'s were harmless, but the pistol— whew! Grand concert at Port Victor on Christmas night. Hindmarsh 458, Port Adelaide 139 for 3 wickets. Joe Travers to have a try in the country matches. Two Sundays this week for the Post-Office officials. Pity the Father Christmas in that Rundlestreet shop. New York Stock Exchange has the virtue of generosity. Americans don't value their own securities very highly. Martyrdom to eat plum-duff with a high thermometer. Old Gladstone neatly advises America to use common sense. A close holiday at the General Post-Office on Wednesday. South Australia may well be grateful to men like Mr. Burton. Special time- table to Glenelg and Brighton on Christmas Day. Glenelgites, don't forget that social to your worthy ex-Mayor. Cleveland now sees danger in the depletion of the gold reserves. The young kangaroo not behind Cousin Jonathan at cycling. Neither Britain nor America can afford a war against the other. Trenton and Carnage left Melbourne for England on Saturday. Politics are at least as much distrusted is the States as in Australia. Miss Spence didn't get a fair chance. UNgallant Port Adelaide. Foundation-stone of Teatree Gully Institut to be laid on December 31. The Hindmarsh team have picked up a good junior in Alexandre- The Crumbman condoles with the Father Christmas in Rundia-street. The Jingoes are always the first to speak, and they make a lot of noise. Sydney Labour Party kicking against the proposed grant to old Parkes. Like C. C. K., Cleveland played to the gallery with indifferent success. New York brokers hope our warships are better than our yachts. Smart. America seems to be more alarmed than any one else at Cleveland's attitude. Congratulations, Mr. F. R. Barton, on your success with the lad John Martin. Pither amidst wildest excitement staved Zimmy off, and won by a length. Zimmy somewhat retrieved his losses by cuttiug the half-mile out in 58 sec. All the brewers are said to be in the habit of making concessions to free houses. Mr. G. P. Doolette pocketed £250,000 over Western Australian mines. Luck. The United States can hardly yet expect to boss the whole American continent. American politicians can now see how little they are trusted in their own country. The most wicked and unnecessary war of the century—if America and Britain fight. New York Chambers of Commerce express the opinion that war should be avoided. His Excellency to eat his Christmas turkey in peace. For this respite, much thanks. " The State Advances Act has been sent to sea without sails or rudder."—McGregor. Sun rose at 4.31 a.m., sets at 6.58 p.m.; moon rose at 10.50 a.m.; sets at 11.15 p.m. Final, Invitation Scratch Race, J. W. Pither (New Zealand); A. A. Zimmerman (America). Christmas should lead to a restoration of brotherly relations between America and Bri-« tain. Britishers soiling out of American stocks. Australian securities may now expect better favour. Pither and Walker taking revenge for Britain on Uncle Sam for his latest display of bounce. In the great majority of cases, as the Governor has pointed out, war is simply the result of ignorance. After thinking about it for many years the General Post-Office will be completely shut on Christmas Day. New city bicycle by-laws did not pass Parliament, and the old ones have been condemned in the Police Court. Boys, always believe that your mother is the best woman in the world. Excellent advice from Mr. Jessop. Walker, coming faster than ever, got his wheel ahead of the champion's by a few inches One Mile Scratch Race. The Paris Temps thinks it audacious to suppose that Britain wiH abide by the finding of that Yankee 'Commission. Jones remembered the story of the man who shot at the pigeon and killed the crow—and took care of his own skin. C.C.K. should send a telegram of sympathy to Cleveland on his failure in playing to the gallery. He can feel for hire. Will the Attorney- General see that proceedings arc taken against Robinson for threatening Brown with that revolver? To save a lad from becoming a criminal is undoubtedly a valuable service to tho community. Thanks, Mr. Burton. Obit.—Rev. W. P. Wells, formerly of Adelaide, aged 70; Mr. Wm. Bond, late of Kapunda; and Mr. J. A. Ferneley. A calamity if the friendehip of America and Britain is to be continually at the mercy of semi-Feniau voters and Jingoiete. 