CUAPTER X. It was a chill evening at the end of Oc t.ber when the Earl, and 'Countess of Caiaven reached Raavensmere. No prepara S tios hlad been made to receive and welcome them'. There was no gathering of tenantry. The E.rl's tenants simply detested the sound of his name. They had been heavily bur .dened, so taxed and toimented by the Earl's confidential agent, Mr. Blantyre, that they had no welcome for his master. They con sidered him an unjuse landlord, and they did nc' scruple to say sor. There were no glad it. rta3 Of. welcome for him ; oven the curly c m.lddren had heard so often of the .,:ar. folly and neglect that they nard no cheer for him when his carriage drove through the streets of Court Raven. Nor was there any wvarmn welcome fromn tihe servants. They wear most of them new ones ; as the old retirners had died off or gone away, and the Es rl had never replaced tliemn. The houset. ' . came dilapidated the servants were few, the stables empty. It was all different now-John B3lantyre had had carte blanch. The interior of the Castle had •been beautified, decorated, re furnished; well trained servants had been brought from London ; the stabliHs had been filled:" There was a general air of prosperity about- the placo, so that the Earl hardly knew it again. Did Lord. ?ra'ven'miss the welcome ? Did he see that .his tenants disliked him- that his servants had no interest in him ? Did it strike him that a life of self indulgence always brings its own reward Lady Caravan gazed in wonder at the magnificent , home which was to be hers. The first words Lady Caraven said to her husband were - * I had no idea that Ravensmere was so large.' . He looked incredulously at her. Did you not really feel interested enough in the place to ask about it 7' he inquired. I was very much interested in it,' she replied quietly, ' but I never thought of ask. ing:any questions.' SI should have fancied that you would have known all about it,' he said-' the number of rooms and their contents. I am surprised that you do not.! She did not even the least understand the drift' of his words. That he should ever fancy that she was mercenary, that she I wanted the full value of all the money she had brought to him, never occurred to her. It was but a sorry welcome home. The Earl felt humiliated, disgraced. He remem hered to have heard his father spak of the rejoicing when he bhr,,uht his young wife S iorn, '..w that fair ,Ic, his mother, had istened ;wth tears ;- .r eyes i, ther. .ins of .:~. rn -how a ' had .cinsped her I husband's hand, saying, ' we will deal with 1 t:he0 ..i a . wish Heaven to deal with us. Now'he h id brought his wife home, and not a che enr was raised for him ; there was not a cry of welcome, not a smile. Strange 'voies greeted him, strange faces surrounded hiin. His wife looked sad and wistful. A brilliant I fire was burning in every room, while a chill gray fog hung like a pall withdut; but the bright fir.s and the bright light could not give warmth to their reception. a They dined together almost in silence. Lord Caraven did not tell his wife what a comfort it was to him to see the family plate t once more in use. Hildred was slightly overwhelmed by the magnificen, e of every- . . bhing around. How little the dreamed that E her fortune had preserved the grand old t place from utter ruin-that but for her the h massive plate, the beautiful pictures, even c the old walls themselves would have passed ri from the Cartaens, and the family name n would have been written in the dust I al Perhapa some such thoughts occurred to h 1.:-- i, looked at the sweet face before lsu. * perhaps that thought made him feel si kind.y, towards Hilrred. After all, sho had saved Lim fronm ruin, n He might think what he would of her-she a' had been given to him with her money in ex. rr change for his title and position-- her father e was cunning, shrewd, and mercenary, unscru. of pulous and ambitio'i --ynhshe had saved.him al .ropy the blackst ruin that pould fall on d mortal man. It made him feel a little more kindly towards her, but he did not love her -nothing was farther from his thoughts; still he remembered that but for her he would never have seen. Ravensmere again. That gave him the idea that she too was entitled to some consideration. He had told her father frankly enough that he should never like her, and he knew thit he never should. But the money she had brought him had saved him from ruin. He ought to study her comfort and be grateful to her. After dinner was over, instead of lingering over his claret, he joined her in the drawing room. 'I have been thinking,' he began, 'that you would like to see the house; some of'the rooms are very handsome, some of the pic tures very tine.' 'I should be very pleased,' she said gently. 'I have been thinking, too, that you ought to have your choice of rooms. My mother used a very beautiful suite in the western wing. You shall see them all and judge for yourself.' I should nob like them to he very far away from the rest of the household,' she said. 'Do you believe in the Ravensinere ghosts i' he asked laughingly. 'I have never heard of them. But in a large house like this I should not care to feel that I was quite alone.' 'You shall choose for yourself,' he said briefly. Perhaps the hour that followed was the happiest Hildred had known since her mar riage. At the Hotel Meurice, although he had heen careful to show her every kindness he had not thought of her or studied her. At R'vensmere it was quite different. The servants, he knew, would watch him closely, and would minke their own comments on his behaviour; and if they saw that he slighted his wife, they would imitate his examlple quickly enough. That he would not allow. She was only a money-lender's daughterm-a woman whom he could never like-but she had sn.ved him from ruin ; she should at least he respected. So he talked to her, and showed her the various art-treasures, the costly pictures, the stateis, the ancient armour. She was pleased, and bright and interested ia all he said. He showed her the library, where the accumulated treasures of so many scholars lay. When she had seen and admired all, he said to her ' If all: this were on the verge of destruc tion, and one woman came forward to save it, what would you call her ' 'I should call her the. good angel of the house,' she replied, not haviug the least idea that he was referring to her. He bowed to her. ' That shall be my name for you,', he said. 'You shall be the good angel of the house.' She. had chosen her rooms in the western winmg-ro.tms that opened on to a broad ,:beautiful tsrraca - from the windows of -which one s, w pleasslc g4lmples of gardwn and ,list..'t IuailaCsape. The housekeeper, M s H L?mpton, showed her over the whole as ite. Lady Caraven preferred these. 'You will b? lonely, my lady,' she said; ' most of the ladies OCraven have preferred the eastern- wing.' Hildred thought to herself that there had never been another Lady Caraven like her. She bad been rmarriedl-so it semnoed from the words her husband had jusb spoken--for her money; she was not there because she was beloved by the master of the house, but rimply as n an ppendage of her money. It matterol but-little what rooms she chose; shi did not at present even feel so much at home as did tihe servants in the house. 'Your ladyship has decided than on this suite i' said' the housekeeper. Lady Oarrven did not even hear her; shl was looking sadly round the rooms. How nmany years would this be her home How many long weary hours of suspense and pain would she spend here'l Would she soon tire of the gilded splendlourl Sthe would he always alone-her rooms always silent and dpaolate no loving faoe would brighten them, no glad voices cheer them. Alone all her life ! No wonder that she turned with a sigh from the flower-wreathed window. The housekeeper looked curiously at the young face with the sad sweet eyes. ' You have decided, my lady, upon these rooms ?' she repeated. ' Yes,' said the young countess ; 'I prefer them to any others. And I will remain here now while my boxes are unpacked. I will not go down again.' iMrs Hampton thought her decision strange indeed; it was the young wife's first evening in her husband's home, yet she pre ferred remaining alone in her rooms while he was alone downstairs. 'Shall I take that message to the Earl ' she asked. Lady Caravon looked up in some surprise. ' Oh, no,' she replied. 'Lord Caraven will not expect me.' And the housekeeper, who was a shrewd woman in her way, thought that it seemed a strange kind of marriage where hushand and wife pr-,ferred solitude to each other's society. 