HIS OWI 1CCUSEB. ? «. — . ? _ (BY HOUGHTON TOWNEE*.')' CHAPTER XX. (CJontinued). s Pliil was hurried from the dock, balf dazed, rind scarcely realising his escape, but as he was led away be tween two stalwart constables he looked back at Pauline. She had re covered from her swoon during the absence of the jury, and had now rison to her fwt. us if to follow her lover. But they hustled him onward swiftly, and a door closed behind him with a muffled clang. She sank back in her seat in dumb despair. She was told that he was gone from her for seven years! See! the court is breaking up. The judge and his .attendants^; ai;eJ .cU^an- 1 pearing through ; the curtains .at jth'e back of the bench; the 'barristers are whispering and chatting as they ga- ] thor up their papers, glancing fur- j tively now and then at Pauline, who ! is now sobbing acs if her heart would j break. | At last the court is almost clear; | but she still remains in the same po- ] gition, until Marsh gently reminds her ] that they must go. He tips an offi cial to show them out by a side door j away from the gaping crowd, and soon Pauline finds herself being driv en rapidly away. * * * * * Among the throng who crowded hur riedly out of the stuffy court were .two | figures familiar to the reader. They j rubbed shoulders almost as they pass- ! ed out, but neither saw the other. One was Markham, the other Job Cassidy. Markham beathed a sigh of relief as he regained the open air. 'Seven years! Seven years!' he muttered. 'What an escape! I am free from him for seven years!' i Behind him at a reasonable dis- j tauce walked a shadow— the detective j employed by Marsh to dog the law- j yor's footsteps. Job Cassidy seemed very much de pressed by ' what he had witnessed. It had reminded him painfully of ano ther scene enacted in that same court house not long before, when his twin brother was sentenced to death for shooting the, keeper. Tt was difncultM^ recognise Job in his present garb: ' In place of the ragged, unkempt costume he usually affected he now wore a brand new suit of clothes. But his features were bloated and sodden with drink, his eyes bloodshot, and his gait un steady. The fifty pounds, his half of th«» hundred extracted from . Mark ham. had done him no good, for be yond a small expenditure in new clothing, he had done little else but di-iiik— drink as hard as he could. To-.lay ho was maudlin, and as his j nu:-traiiy logs enrried him towards the neaiest publichouse he went along muttering and weeping alter nately. 'Poor young gent! poor youug gent! Just where brother Will stood before they took 'im. Seven years! Well, it ain7t as bad as 'anging; but that there Mealy ought to be in it as | well. He was in it, he was. I'll: tell that young gal when I see her. I can't keep it no longer.' Then he stopped in the middle of the road and shook his fist in the | air, heedless of the 'amusement he wais causing the passers by. CHAPTER XXI. With needless haste Phil was hustled cut of the court - He was 'taken along gloomy passages.his head swim ming as in a terrible nightmare. A warder seized him roughly, and a pair of handcuffs were fastened on him which fitted so tightly that they left marks on his wrists for days. 'Seven stretch and no more. You've had a lucky escape, young man!' said the warder, as -he fastened the 'bracelets.' 'S'pose that pal of yours was put up to that lay about mixing the drinks by your solicitor? It fetched 'em; but jrou're in for a good spell anyhow. I have known some manslaughter cases where they didn't give more 'an six months.' With this comforting reniark he hustled his prisoner off to join some others waiting' for the police van. Into a stuffy, foul-smelling compart ment of the van he was thrust nextf and the door slammed upon him. Soon the jolting of the van told him he was being borne away. Whither? To live in a prison among the vaga bonds of the earth for seven years! His first confusion over, he now had time to think. Before his eyes was the scene in court — the agonised face of Pauline— as she stood with' outstretched arms as they hurried him from the place. Would she wait for him for seven years? After a time the jolting of the van stopped. A key rattled in the lock; he was dragged roughly out of the van by a warder, and up the steps of the prison. Here he was handed over with a warrant to the governor of the gaol, a kindly man, who eyed him pitifully. Phil thought. -Gently there, Sauuders, gently,' said the governor, as the warder pro ceeded to release the handcuffs from the prisoner's swollen wrists. It Was so late that every proceeding was be ing hurried through at breakneck speed. The warders were anxious to be off. In the reception ward he was told to undress, and for a time was com pelled to stand naked whilst a full description of him was entered in a book. Every mark upon his body was carefully noted, including— strange irony of fate— a scar from an old wound on the neck, accidentally made with a fencing foil by Eddie Wilde. Next he was placed upon a weighing machine; and his height was also taken. Philip Raynor, and a full description of his ?. personal ap pearance, then figured in the govern or's list of rogues arid vagabonds. They provided him witli a suit of convict clothes— not thbs6 which Jie was to wear during the greater por tion of his retirement from' the world, but somewhat^ similar .garments. When dressed he was asked whether he would: . like a- pint ..of «old skilly (oatmeal) and a small brown idaf. He declined, for, needless to say, he was not in the mood for eating. In another minute he . 'was thrust into a small cell, the door was shut to with a clang, and locked, and he stood in pitch darkness, alone and lost to the world. Feeling round the place in the dark ness, his hand struck against a con trivance of wood— the plank bed. A night on a plank bed is with one exception the most painful physical punishment to which the wellbe haved convict of our day is subject On the plank was a blanket and a wooden pillow, . ,:r He, sank upon 'the rude bench ex hausted, wondering with a nameless dread what the rest of the room was. like, and what fresh horrors were in store for htm. Gradually the sense of dread abated and a weariness overcame him, but not sleep. The tossing and turning, the efforts to keep warm, and the stiffness, induced by the plank bed, made sleep Impos sible. : How gladly he welcomed the mornfj ing light creeping through the grating of his cell! He arose unrefreshed, with heavy head and aching limbs and leaden heart. As the light began to glimmer through the tiny cell he was able to get a notion of its contents, and re alised also that he .was being watched. % Being watched! How rnskiy people understand how the watching system is conducted? The door of every cell contains a grating, through which conversation is carried on between prisoner and warder. This grating can be shut and opened when necessary. Above the grating is the much dreaded spy hole. As Phil soon discovered, it is an unpleasant sensation to feel that a man may at any moment be looking1 at you and noting your actions with out being seen. The warders wore slippers covered with soft list, similar to those used by burglars. In these slippers they crawled silently up and down the cor ridors, spying here and there, and lis tening like watchdogs. In this place he was pent up for seven days,, with the exception of a few hours for exercise in a circular yard with the other prisoners. How his soul revolted at the diabolical leers of his fellow- convicts! They seemed somehow to know all about him. and regarded the 'murderer' with some interest. Alone in his cell madness seemed to be threatening him. His patience and fortitude were deserting him after only seven days, and he was to suffer for seven years. Solitude and silence, within bare, whitewashed Avails, with only a dim light filtering through barred win dows! The man who is naturally solitary, and who has led a sedentary life, unds it hard enough;' but to the strong and vigorous youth who has spent half his life in the open, -breath- ing the fresh air of the country^ the siient system in prison is torture in deed. The oakum which had been given him to pick kept him employed for awhile. He tried to fix his thoughts upon the hateful task and to think of nothing else— anything to prevent his mind dwelling on the awful prospect before him. By and by he began to pace his cell backwards and forwards like an encaged tiger. His eyes burnt like hot coals, and his head throbbed as though it would burst. H.' longed for air, space, and move ment. One day he climbed up to his window and hung on to the bars in the hope of catching, a glimpse of a green field. 'Now, then, none of that,' cried a hoarse voice behind him, and dropping down from the window he found him self roughly collared by a warder. 'You won't get out that way. tu^ fine fellow. We have a short way of %et tling little tricks of that sort. You must come before the governor. Now then, out you go,' and the man caught him by the sleeve and hustled him out into the corridor. Phil's blood was boiling. 'Take your hands off,' he cried an grily. 'Get along there, or ? ' The sentence was unfinished. Phil, in hot anger, had turned upon the burly warder, and dealt him a sounding blow with the left, nearly knocking him down. Before he half realised what he had done, Fhil found himself suddenly seized by a couple of strong warders,' who held his hands in a vice-like grip. The half-blinded, maddened official who had been struck, as soon as he re covered from the first shock of the blow returned to the charge, and lun ged out at the now defenceless fellow, giving full vent to his mad fury, whilst the other warders looked on and laugh ed, holding their prisoner's hands. 'Give it him, Wicky,' cried one; 'if the governor won't deal with insubor dinates properly we must do it oursel ves, or some of us'll be murdered some of these days. . Maddened with passion, the strong man showered several blows upon poor defenceless Phil, until ,he staggered ^between the cowards who were hold ing him. 'That's enough, Wicky,' cried the one who had previously spoken, inter fering: '.'I guess he won't; trouble you again. Now, then, young man!, no shamming, no pretending you can't, walk. None of your dodges.'' With unceremonious haste he was dragged before the chief warder and to the governor's room. 'What's this,' said the governor, as he entered the room and surveyed the fotii- panting Jmepii two of them holding the half rstunned, haifrfainting form of the young man. ^ 'Insubordination of No. 73, sir,' said thje. warder who had been first struck, at the same time staunching the blood that flowed from his lip. 'Attacked nie savagely from behind, sir, as I was leaving his celL' 'Attacked you from behind and cut your lip in front; how was that.' r 'That was after, sir. It took three of us to overcome him.' . - ' 'It is a very strange thing, Wicks,' said the governor, 'that every case of insubordination for the last week has come from your ward- I am certain it is not altogether the fault of the prisoners. Your manner of dealing with them must be at fault. .You lack tact, or judgment, or humanity, or something. I won't have it There must be fewer cases of this sort in your ward, or I shall have to order a strict inquiry int& the matter. Take that man back to his cell. I shall not order any special punishment in this case. . He seems to have been j badly mauled. No. 73,' he continued, i addressing Phil, 'I am sorry to see ; you brought before me so soon. Do : not let it occur again. Let this be a warning to, you.' . 'But he was trying to escape, sir,' said the abashed and astonished war der. 'Escape — how?' 'Climbing up to his window, sir.' 'To get a sight of a green field if possible — to get a glimpse of country.. I had no thought of escape,' said Phil. 'It is a lie, sir! He was trying to get out.' 'That will do,' said the governor, quickly. 'No wrangling here, please. Take him back.' He was led gently enough from the governor's presence, but as soon as they were all out of earshot he was again hustled rouglily, and when he arrived at his cell they thrust him in with a sudden jerk that threw him face downwards on to the hard floor with a* crash, closing the cell door upon him with a sharp clang. Infuriated beyond endurance at this, he struggled hurriedly to his feet and rushed for the closed door only to hear the key turned in the lock and find himself once more a solitary prisoner. He struck with his clenched hands up on the iron door and shrieked aloud in fury. The warders paid no heed to his cries, but from a cell not far distant he heard an echoing shriek of some poor wretch, maddened and desperate like himself, who, reaching at last the end of all patience and reason, Vas tearing at the bars of his cell door, calling alternately upon God and Satan to deliver him from bondage. The heartrending cries of the fellow-sufferer, aroused by the contagion of another's fury, acted like magic upon Phil, reminding him that his own suffering was nothing com pared with that of others who had perhaps been years in that home of despair. He slunk away from the door and threw himself upon his bed. clenching his hands, holding himself in check lest ' he too should go mad — too soon. CHAPTER XXII. One morning some time after the trial, as Pauline was sitting despond ent and wretched in her room, Martha entered rather abruptly. 'There's a strange man below wants to see you, miss, about Mr. Phil, he says it is, and he won't give any mes sage. He says he must see you, miss, and I believe he's drunk.' 'What kind of man, Martha?' 'A rough-looking laboring man, miss, who sometimes used to come with let ters from Mr. PhiL' 'Is Dr. Marsh in the house?' 'No, miss.' 'Show him into the consulting room, Martha; I will see him there.' Martha seemed to have doubts of the advisability of admitting the drunken person, but did as she was told, and Job Cassidy— for it was he— was ush ered into the late doctor's room. He has not long to wait before Paul ine entered, looking the ghost of her former self, pale and sorrow stricken, but calm and queenly. Job pulled off his hat, and twisted it round and round in his hands, stam mering out a good-day. After that his self-possession left him entirely, and he stood dumb. 'You came to say something about Mr. Eaynor?' said Pauline. 'Yes, miss.' 'Do you come with a message from him?' 'No, miss.' 'What is it, then?' Job looked cautiously round as if to assure himself that nobody else was present, and stammered out — 'I've come about the other chap Mealy Markham. It was 'im as did it, miss, or he was in it.' 'What do you mean?' 'It's on my conscience, miss, though I'm paid not to open my mouth; but I must. When I seed you in the court a-crying, miss, begging your pardon, I couldn't keep it in no longer. I had a brother, miss, what was 'anged, and it was his doing! My name's Cas sidy.'- 'I cannot understand you. What is it you wish to tell me?' 'Mr. Mealy Markham 'ad a 'and in that shootin' business for which Mr. Raynor got seven years, miss.' Pauline was puzzled. . 'Do, you mean that he was aware of it?' 'Yes, miss, and that he did it' It was some time before she realis ed to the full Job's .statement, but when she did her eyes flashed. 'Do you mean to say that Mr. Ray nor did not commit the crime of which he accused himself?' (To be continued.) The members of the Fisheries Coin mission returned to Sydney last night from Port Stephens. During the time the commissioners were in the north they took a Tast quantity of valuable evidence from the fishermen of the district. 