CHAPTEE XXI. A SHOOT FBOM PHILIP LESTBB's PAST. In the drawing room of a handsome house in. London, a family party are as sembled about the centre table, at which the lady of the house is making tea from a great silver urn, ' chatting the while with the group round the table and fireside. Among these last sits one who seems to be held in special esteem, for when he speaks jail hush, and when he is Blent tho others speak of or to him. A servant enters with the day's post to a silver tray, which he places on the 'Centre table. One of the ladies present 'tiBsortB the pile of letters and says', with a saucy air, as she hands one in a feminine hand to the gentleman to whom we have referred — :.- ?' Ah, he's been at his old tricks down / in Devonshire, mamma — here's a letter for him from a lady.' ' Why, Philip, my son, I thought you ?went to the west for your health ?' said the mother, with playful sarcasm. ' ' Are ladies proscribed by thef acuity, then?' said our friend, Dr. Lester, as he took from his sister's hand the small and delicate envelope she handed Wm, ' I think they ought to be jwescribed ,' in your ease, doctor.' usid Miss Lester. j ' Why so, Miss Wiseacre ?'. ' Because you're such a cold-blooded, ', phlegmatic wretch that you require to have the circulation put into violent action in order to drive out the impuri ties of conceit rnd masculine vanity that are at the core, oir.' ?'It has not been by experience than ! your divine sex exercise jusfc that effect asacounrer irritant, little professor,' said Lester, smoothing back the sunny curls from his sister's brow. '.Well, thaf 8 -just because you've never met with the rierht sort of a woman, Sir Toplofty.' '? Which is the right sort, then, sis P' ' Why, a woman that, like the cen taur, can blow hot and cold in the same breath — that can sun you until the in fection of pride aud arrogant conceit stirs balmily up to the top of the water, and then, with the nipping frost, of her indifference, freeze you as hard as an ieeberg.' ' I hav'njt met with that species yet, , Silvia' and much I doubt if I shall' 'Ah, I understand that inflection on the last pronoun, sir. You fancy your self proof against both sun and the frost. Wait — your hour is to come. Beware, PhUip Lester, the arch-flirt ?will fall.' ' And when he falls, he falls like Lucifer, never to rise again.' And with the air of a tragedy queen, 1 the young lady stepped away, while her brother went to the shaded reading lamp and opened the letter. It was as follows: — ; ' Ashbourne ?'Your letter receired. If you hate wry regard for me do not return to Westcombe now the town is rife 'with scandal concerning your attentions to tome. Your presence here just at this time may be ruinous to my reputation. If you are in the down it will never be belived that I do not receive your visits Till you hear from me again, come no more, I pray you nor send me any letters. Kathertne Ibidalk.' Thelredale coat-of-arms was on the dark seal that closed the envelope. Ee ?| placing the letter within its cover, Dr. Lester mifc it in his Docket, and resumed his place at the table. 'At least, -it's not a love-letter, Philip, or you'd never have got through with it so quickly,' said Sylvia Lester, coming up to his side 'and leaning her head against his arm. ' Oh, yes, if it was. a short one,' said The doctor, smiling. . ' No ; even 'chen you'd have lingered over it, and turned it about.' ' Why, you saem strangely familiar , tfith the symptoms, little pusa.' ' Well, thafs just about the way I treat your letters, doctor — when I get any, you lasy fellow that scarcely ever ' 'writes to me — and if I am that way about yourB, what would I not be with the letters of my sweetheart, if I ever get one f' ' I hope you don't expect to care »s much for the letters of a sweetheart that you'll get by the bushel, as for mine, thateomes like angels' visits, few and far between P' '?And short. Well, now that you mention it, I doubt if I shall ever care for any man or his letters as I do for you, Philip.' ' And I much more than doubt if the man lives who will care for you as J do,, little girl.' ' Then why don't you let me goto Devonshire with you next week, and keep rour house and take care of Gelert?' ' . To be continued. 