A LADY'S LETTER PROM LONDON. LONDON. JUKE 14. The season' is now at its height, and London is looking its best, so far as the " live" show is concerned; but the absence of rain is telling upon the foliage and the grass of the parks. The lion of the season is now on his provincial tonr." "YVe have been instructed that the India Office has made a mistake in calling the son of the Ameer the Shahzada, because that musical- sounding word implies an amount of sovereignty to which His Highness ip not entitled; but everybody talkB of Nasrulla Khan as " the Shahzada"all the J&me;, just as everybody talks of the Czarina* In epite of the solemn injunction to sny Czaritsa, which has reached the "every schoolboy" stage of currency, quite ineffectually. A prodigious amount of exertion yas requisite to keep the Shahzada up toffflyfbihglilce the mark of his London engagements, and .'some of the latter must have been severe inflictions on " the guest oi England/' as theprincelypersoiwge far whose visit the Indian Empire has to provide is popularly described. It is, said that be is deeply impressedby the feeding faculties of the English nation. Considering that he eats no European- cooked jfood himself, the civic and otherbanqnetsmast h&ve; given htm nndietarW leisure $o observe these obeerviirol notice as possible of ladies. On public occasions liere cognises the salutation of men with grave and becoming dignity, but takes no notice of the demonstrations of the fair sex, concerning whose socml status he must be curious, one would think. Only oue accident has marred the "success of liis lligliness's progress, and that did not affect him personally. It occurred at Birmingham, where a carriage containing some members of his suite was injured by collision with a lamp post, and an upset ensued. Among the [ persons in the carriage was the boy who is a constant attendant on Nasrulla Ivhan, and i an object of curiosity almost as attrac tive as the pretty child who accom panied the Shah on his second visit to London, and was said to be his son. 1 lie j quiet, little lad, who is Nasrulhv's favourite page, figures in all the illustrated papers and photographs, and is seemingly indifferent to the attention lie attracts; he looks about j him, it is true, but no Bigu of wonder or ex citement appears in his handsome face and j large dark eyes. The hoy was thrown out of the carriage, and the Shahzidu was for once I discomposed. Beyond the_ shock, which passed away very soon, no injury was done to, die boy. All who have opportunities of ob serving Nasrulla Khan speak highly of his intelligence, and describe him as " a perfect gentleman." Mr, Labouchere devotes a para graph in Truth to him this week. It appears that 110 " cliiel" is admitted to "take notes " or the doings of the Moslem guests inside Dorchester-house. Mr. Laboucheie says that the Ameer's son was not, in the first instance, quite satisfied with the accommodation offered him. " He was aggrieved at the jdea of being lodged in a * house * and not in a ' palace.' " It was not until it was explained to him that the Queen's sons lived in houses, such as Marlborough-hou^e and Clarence "house, that he was satisfied there was no slight intended. The Afghans live with ex treme frugality; only one set of uieals is pre pared, and all eat the same dishes, from the Shahzoda down to his meanest attendant." There have been balls, danore, and dinners to the heart's content of society of late, and the Whitsuntide holidays have rarely been so much enjoyed by all classes. The tine weather and the excellent arrangements tor railway travelling have greatly conduced to the pleasure of the most popular holiday. The Court ball was very brilliant, and the brides of the season were much observed and admired, especially Mrs. George Curzon, who wore her wedding- dress and some superb emerald and diamond ornaments. Ladi ng ester's ball at historic Holland-house was a fete of note. The illumination of the terrace- what a ghost's walk is that!-and the avenue made a fine sight for outsiders (in the literal sense), who had a view of it from Kensington High-street. Last Friday night the Opera-house was crowded with " ail London." The puz'/.e would have been to say who was not there, and Madame Nelba received such an ovation as not all her "use and habitude to loud ap plause" ooul<l make of no account to her. The brilliancy of the spectacle has rarely been surpassed. Lady Londonderry and Lady Cadogan were magnificently attired, and each wore a profusion of jewels, while their respective daughters were dreBsed in the contrasting fashion of the inginue-pure white, with bunches of lilies of the valley and looked very well. Last Wednesday night, however, the scene as described to me was almost incredibly magnificent " It was diamonds, diamonds all the way to Co vent-garden," Bays the Westminster Gazette-"for Patti sang- and strawberries and cream are not more inseparable than diamonds and divan." Patti, after 10 years' ab sence, appeared on theoldfamiliar boards, and sang as " divinely " as ever. " It may be said," writes the Westminster critic, " with little fear of contradiction, that the l(L_year8 interval 6ince she was last among us has left the voice of this wonderful woman almost unharmed." It was thefold favourite "Traviata," in which the still great singer made her re- appearance, and the new generation hailed it with all the delight of discovery, while, no doubt, it was to many of the older an acute pleasure of memory. 1 used to think Paui more delight lul as Zerlina than in any other role, and her singing of the "Batti, batti," the best of all. The last distinct recollection of her that I have is associated with one evening-I forget the year-when Madame Arnould-Plessy and Aimce Desclee were on the stage ot the Princess's Theatre, enchanting the audience with " Les Idees de Madame Aubray," and Madame Patti was following the performance as attentively as she could, considering that the Marquis de Caux had discovered a draught in their box, and was constantly urging a lace 6corf on her, which she would put aside with an impatient movement. I saw her after wards literally bandied into her brougham, with the irrepressible scarf in many folds round her "golden throat." Some notable weddings have taken place, and others are projected, especially the Duke of Anrjil's-his third. 1 have 'not heard of any striking novelties in bridal costume, but among the prettiest dresses of the Beason Miss Agnes Moore's ranks high. This young lady is a daughter of Mr. Henry Moore, R. A.; the bridegroom is Dr. Linton Bogle, of New Ferry-park, Cheshire. Mr. Moore is, as all the world knows, a painter of the first rank, but his (treat subject is the sea; neverthe less, one may suspect that an artist's eye uni taste had something to do with a wedding dress of which the following is the "correct" description" The bride's dress was of »n tint between cream colour and the faintest citron, the square-cot bodice drawn to the throat with chiffon, being of faille as well ae the train. The sleeves were puffed, and e court train fell from the shoulders. It was trimmed with knots of lace and white heather, while the silver clasps worn by Breton brides were effectively used on the petticoat and el the waist. The complete petticoat was oi satin brocade, trimmed with a flounce of old dachesse lace." The white heather carried as a bouquet, and adorning the wedding gown, has a poetical signification, and in this particular case a "story"-we are per mitted to know no more. The Queen attaches much importance to the white' heather parte bonheur, and bas had the luck-bearing blos soms sent from Sootland to «ach royal bride in succession as her daughters and grand daughters have been led to the altar. Her Majesty occasionally bestows white heather upon brides who have not the' claim of kindred, bat are relatives of her own par* tioular friends. Dinners, concerts, and bazaars figure largely among the. diversions of this week. Lord and Lady Londonderry entertained a host of-royalties on Wednesday at dinner; the concert yeeterdhy aftemoonat Groavenor house, at which Madame Melba Bang splen didly, waB as suocesuful as its good cause the raising of funds for the Society for the Prevention of Crnelty to Children-deserved it should be; and the opening of the snie at Stafford-house held by the Soottish Home Industries Association wasquitea " smart function. The Duchess of York, escorted by her husband and looking remarkably bright and well, performed ihetmualtather Billy little fyrecaony^^^roaPBDoing the sale largely in almost every department, while the Dulte " jlunged" in hand-knitted shooting stockings. The magnificent hall of Staffcrd house-with its grand staircase, the moat beautiful " interior " in London, to my know ledge- is turned for the nonce into a daintily decked mart, tastefully ordered, and " officered" by fair and noble dames. The surroundings and associations actually make Harris home-spuns, tweeds, flax-linen, plain and coloured table-linen, Shet land Bhawls, and Ayrshire embroideries, artistic and even poetic. Princess Louise and the Marquis of Lome (who does not seem daunted by the near prospect of a second step mother) arrived shortly after the Duchess of York, and Princess Louise betook herself to " selling" at the stall "held" by Lady Mackenzie, of Gairlock. Her Royal Highness is said to be a " first-class saleswoman," and lias had a great deal of practice in the gentle art. The rush for tickets for the Royal enclosure at Ascot has been as embarrassing as usual to the envied, rather than enviable, dispenser of those much-coveted passports to a densely crowded space from whence only a compara tively small number of the occupants can see the races to advantage. Lord nibbles dale has been able to make only a (compara tively) few happy, but a large number are hugely dissatisfied, and will consider them selves injured to their dying day. So it is year after year. I have seen some more "sweet frocks," to be worn on the Heath, which will boast a great gathering of witches if the ladies are anything like so pretty as their dresses. One of the latter ia worth recording ; it is a grey and white striped glace silk, with a pale green satin collar, and a tufted bow of green satin at the foot ol the skirt. This situ pie and elegant dress is perfected by deep epaulettes of cream-coloured lace. The Ascot hats are very pretty, and I noted a moderation of the " flower-garden top," as a rude male pereon has recently designated ia print the hat of the month ot May. The new sailor hats are made of quilted linen (we used to make sun-bonnets of quilted linen in my youth), in white, black, and all colours, to match any costume. The scare raised by LeFigaro of theserious illness of Signora Kleanora Duse turned out to be quite unfounded, and the great Italian actress has been charming her London audi ences with exemplary punctuality. Her con cviTencc with Sarah Bernhardt is an interest ing theatrical " event," and of course there is the usual difference of opinion about the com parative merits of the French and Italian actresses. The old and the new criticism generally are at loggerheads just now on many points. The only clear idea 1 am abje to gather from the conflicting pronunciamientos of the leaders let me say the Scottians and the Archerites -is that the problem drama has hud its day -a brief one-and that the return of the native in an Adelphi sense is imminent. "Then you regard Ibsen as played out here?" I remarked to an "old" critic, recently. " Played out!" was the scornful answer, " Ibsen was never played in here. Mo attempt at pufling worthless wares has ever failed more completely than the attempt of the Ibsen clique." Mr. John Hollingshead's Lift is being read with avidity. It is interesting to the older playgoers-the survivors, so to speak because it reminds them of old familiar (stage) faces, and renews for an hour the fleeting fame of the actors who charmed them in the past, and it is interesting to the younger playgoers, because they can go along with it as with a pleasant companion talking on well-known themes. Among novels to be read are Scholar's Mate, by a writer who attempts quite vainly to pass for a lady novelist by calling himself Violet Magee ; and Golden Lads and Girl#, by Mr. Hinkeon, the husband of the Irish poetess Katharine Tynan. I believe this is his first novel; in that case it is an exceptionally good start. The death of Sir Samuel Wilson, which was unexpected, although he had been so long ill, is deeply regretted by a large circle of friends. 