Ourselves.—“ The London Jeivish Chronicle will have to look to its laurels,” is the opinion of a competent judge about the Hebrew. I am content with such an opinion, coming as it does from a very high authority. The proprietary will go on im proving the paper, and when our organisation works more smoothly and easily (as it will certainly do presently), we will be able to show what really can be done by, and for, the Jewish Communities in Australasia. We will never rest, God willing and our co-religionists aiding, until we have produced a paper which is better than any Jewish paper published in the world. Lest my readers think I am merely emulating the hero im mortalised by Matthew Arnold, in his sonnets:— “ That son of Italy it ho tried to blow, Ere Dante came.” . . . I assure them I am not merely blowing—I am in sober earnest. Punctuality, the joy oe Editors.—In the meantime I would remind my correspondents and contributors that nothing gladdens an editor’s heart more than promptitude and punctuality in for warding their “ copy.” News from other colonies should reach me, if possible, on Monday in each week, certainly not later than Tuesday. Should anything exceptional occur which cannot be communicated before Wednesday, a telegram or previous warning 'by letter should apprise me in time to make special arrangements. It is the aim of the proprietary to post their copies for the other colonies not later than Thursday mid-day. Our Subscribers’ List.—Our list of subscribers is growing satisfactorily. Many of those who wish us to send them copies regularly to their address content themselves with telling somebody to tell us. This they often forget to do, to the mutual loss of the proprietary and the would-be subscribers. We intend for a while to include a subscribers’ order with each copy of the paper on a coupon to be cut out and forwarded. The postal authorities will not, it appears, transmit loose slips, such as were sent with our first issue. They have warned us that we were liable to a fine of £50 for that innocent breach of the postal regulations. A Little Formality : A very flattering number of subscribers have forwarded letters of approval and directions to place their names on the list for various periods. They, however, neglected : a certain little formality which the proprietary rather view as a ' very pleasant ceremony. Our readers are reminded that the re duction in the terms to periodical subscribers implies payment in advance for the period desired No hard-and-fast rule can or will be made; but the proprietary has a strong opinion on the ' matter. A Fair Offer : Many Jewish families were not reached by our first specimen number. We were aware of that. Our lists only included about 2500 names, and there must be nearly 6000 ^ Jewish families in the Colonies. Lists were secured from every available source—but the total list was sadly deficient. There seems but one way of meeting the difficulty. A sum of money equal to five per cent, on the value of orders for periodical sub scriptions will be credited to any one choosing to collect such orders from new subscribers. This paper will be posted free for ’ a period equal in value to the credit so secured. In addition, a bonus of one guinea will be paid monthly, until further notice, to the person who collects the largest number of orders during during that particular month. Buch orders must be accom panied by the cash ;—“not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith.” tTZZ. An Omission in our First Issue : An unfortunate inadver tence caused the omission from our stall-holders’ list in con nection with the Oriental Carnival of one of the prettiest and most successful stalls in all Jerusalem. That presided over by Mrs. Jacob Lenzer is referred to. Associated with Mrs. Lenzer, as responsible heads, were Mesdames S. Moss, M. Herman, Sobersky and J. Herman, whilst her assistants were Misses J. Glass, Dattner-Jacobsen, J. Davis, Rosensweig, R. Moss, Harris, R. Lenzer, E. Blashki, S. Blashki, W. Abrahams, Q. Lenzer, Bernard and Johnson and Mrs. Bernard. The Oriental Carnival : Leb writes:—I have it on excel lent authority that the net profits resulting from the Oriental Carnival held in aid of the funds of the East Melbourne Synagogue amount to the splendid sum of £2750. Another Bazaar : The magnificent success which has at tended the efforts of the Oriental Carnival’s promoters has prompted the executive of the Melbourne Hebrew Congrega tion to move in a similar direction. I learn that the Bourke street Executive has invited its members to a special meeting for the purpose of considering the advisability or otherwise of holding a Bazaar in aid of their funds somewhere about Cup time, 1896. I wish to venture every success and at the same time congratulate the Polahim, on the plucky lead they gave the older congregation. The old, old story : On dit in Melbourne Jewish circles that the gentlemen are thankful and the ladies regretful that the Bazaar is over. It is shrewdly suspected, however, that the nan Will be requisitioned in more instances than one as the happy result of the Carnival’s social gatherings. For my part, I shall be delighted to record same, no matter how numerous the alliances. A Well-Deserved Commendation.—Mr. B. Sniders, the presi dent of the Oriental Carnival’s Executive, deserves a special word of praise for his unflagging energy and wonderful tact in super vising the whole of the Carnival’s arrangements. It was no light task with important business and social engagements, to sur render himself entirely for a whole 12 months to the requirements and exigencies of Bazaar arrangement, and I am proud to reflect that Jewish community possesses such gentlemen. As Success and Sniders have ever been synonymous terms I am not at all surprised at the Carnival’s happy result. A Colonial Jewish Artist.—Mr. E. P. Fox’s studio has been the principal art centre for the past few weeks. This artist’s recently returned Salon success being the particular attention. In his Portrait de ma Cousine (the original of which, by the way, is Miss Lottie Phillips, daughter of our esteemed co- religionist Mr. P. D. Phillips) Mr. Fox has undoubtedly achieved his chef diceuvre. Whether it be considered from a strictly artistic standpoint or a less restricted point of view, there can be but one opinion of the work—it is a perfect gem. The symmetry of form (and Mr. Fox was fortunate indeed in his subject) is precise. The pose is easy, graceful, and refined; the colour- mixing_ proved by the deliciousness of the purple-pink produced—en chanting ; and, above all, the expression and tinting are thoroughly and highly artistic. The Salon critics evidently thought highly of Mr. Fox’s picture when they awarded him the gold medal; no other Australian artist being similarly honoured. The Hebrew heartily congratulates Mr. Fox on the distinction thus accorded him. (Leb.) A Victorian Artist.—Mrs. Ellis Rowan, of Melbourne, has been honoured by the Queen with a commission for decorative painting in one of the Royal residences. Mrs. Rowan is a cousin of Lady Clarice of Cliveden and sister of Lady Charles Scott. As Lord Charles is a brother of the Duke oe Buccleuch it is probably owing to his influence that Mrs. Rowan has been honoured with the Royal patronage. The artist’s clever and beautiful paintings of Australian flowers have often been exhibi ted and always admired in these colonies. The Melbourne Benefit Society.—The monthly meeting of the United Jewish Benefit Society of Melbourne was held in the evening of 27th ultimo, at the London Tavern, Elizabeth-street. Councillor M. A, Rapken presided and there were also present Messrs. M. Rrakosici (Treasurer), J. Marks, F. Marks, T. M. Cohen, Phil. Cohen and J. Magner (members of the committee). Mr. S Fryberg was elected to the committee. Complaints were made that certain members of the Society had been in receipt of the benefit allowance of 80s per week, on the medical officer’s certificate, but when the visiting steward called he found them away from home. It was resolved that a sub-committee, com posed of the president, treasurer, and secretary (Mr. Mendoza) wait on Dr. Bennie and arrange that 'all patients to whom a benefits’ certificate had been granted should not leave their homes except with the knowledge and sanction of the medical officer. This is' in accordance with Law LXXI. Letters of Congratulation.—A stream of congratulatory letters has followed our first and second issues. I cannot resist the temptation of publishing some of these—taking them pretty well at random: — Hon. Mr. Justice Cohen writes : “I have much pleasure in congratulating you on the highly creditable initial number of 1 The Australasian Hebrew.’ It is well-written, well-printed, and has much pleasing variety ; and if in its sectarian aspect, it is conducted on the lines indicated, I feel convinced it will secure a large circulation.” G. J. Cohen, Esq., President of the Great Synagogue, Sydney, writes: “I have perused, with pleasure, the pages of your periodical and am persuaded that, if the present policy be per sisted in, it will be a profitable undertaking. So long as personalities and politics are precluded, the patronage of the Jewish public will be assured. A paper like this was much needed and it will, I trust, be a permanent success.” . Hon. I. A. Isaacs, Attorney-General of Victoria, writes : “ The first number of your new journal to hand. Will you accept my congratulations on its appearance ? The matter, style and internal evidence of life in the paper should, I think, if main tained, guarantee your venture a long, honourable and pros perous career.” Miss Juliet Wray writes : “ First of all let me congratulate you on your charming paper. It is thoroughly worth reading.” Councillor Bapken, of Melbourne, writes: “I am sure that the paper will prosper. . . . You have hit it—that which you are so well suited to. I am quite certain no one could possibly surpass you as an all-round editor of a Jewish journal.” Mr. J. Flohm, of Bendigo, writes: “I wish to express my pleasure in reading such a well produced paper of such interest ing matter as the Australasian Hebrew.” ' . Mr. Jacob Moss, of Cowra, writes : “ I was glad to welcome the first issue of your new publication, for which I wish you —with my hearty congratulations. I trust it will ful fil its youthful promise and strengthen the good and ancient cause of holy Judaism.” Mr. S. Harris, of Angel Place, writes a long and thoughtful letter, in the course of which he says: “ I beg to congratulate you on the production of your splendid paper, The Australasian Hebrew. It is a most worthy publication, creditable both to you and the Jewish communities in the Australasian Colonies.” Mr. D. Blumberg, of Woolloongabba, Brisbane, writes: “I was very much delighted on receipt of a copy of the first issue of :a paper for which I have often longed—a paper which is much wanted in these Colonies. I am glad that you have started. I hope the paper will never be discontinued, but that it shall be well patronised in order to strengthen the cause of Judaism in these colonies.” Mr. L. Hollander, of Carlton, writes: “I don’t know whether you are the same Mr. Goldstein I knew in by-gone days or not. If you are, then allow me to congratulate you and compliment you. The paper was a long felt want. ... (2 am the Jacob Goldstein who knew 3fr. Hollander in the old days. I greet him and his relatives with all hearty friendship. Ed. A.H.) Mrs. Sophie Blackston writes: “I must wish you every success. It is the best paper of its kind I have seen published.” Messrs. White and Lampert, of Barraba, write : “As co religionists we wish you heartily b'D in your new undertaking.” Babbi Goldreich, of Ballarat, writes : “ Let me congratulate you on your paper. I have nothing but praise to offer, and hope you will succeed in permanently establishing The Australasian Hebrew, for which there is more than ample room. Go on and prosper; as the Psalmist says hii Ill'll Bev. J. Jacobs, of Geelong, writes : “ I hope your venture will be a success. I have been more than pleased with it. Judging from the mass of valuable matter it contains, I feel sure it will have a blight future and will gain the good-will of all. The name and motto are most appropriate. I trust your paper will be the means of uniting Judaism in these Colonies.” Bev. J H. Landau writes in approval of issues he has seen, and says :—“ The excellent weekly summary of news from all lands should be welcome to all who are interested m the progress of our people abroad. With best wishes for equally successful issues, etc.” Bev. S. Levi, of Maitland, writes : “Having carefully perused the two issues of the A.ustralasian JtLebrew I may say I am pleased and delighted with them. You have my heartiest wishes for the success of the paper. A New Jewish Contralto : The new contralto of the Covent Garden Opera Company, Mdlle. Bosa Olitzka is a f Jewess. Her father was Chatan in a Berlin Synagogue. Bar Mitzvahs : On Sabbath last, at the Great Synagogue, Masters Budolph Friedman and Percy Alexander entered on, their religious majority. Babbi Landau addressed them in ap propriate terms at the close of the sermon. Marriage: The marriage of Miss Miriam Assenheim to Mr. Israel J. Moss was celebrated in the Great Synagogue on Wed nesday last. The Great Synagogue Choir : I learn that Herr Wolmer has been elected conductor of the choir at the Great Synagogue in succession to Mr. Louis Pulver who, as announced in a previous issue, resigned the position. A New Patent : My old friend Mr. John Saunders of Adelaide is in Sydney just now on business connected with a new patent ‘ Aerated Water ’ machine. It is described as a model of simplicity and efficiency. It is cheap, and useful in households, especially during our hot summers. It is a South Australian patent. Mr. Saunders’ temporary office is at 129 The Strand Arcade where the invention is on view. Mr. Saunders desires to treat for the rights for New South Wales. Orthodoxy and Backsliders.—The complaint of Obadiah, which I publish in another column, is deserving of every atten tion. The writer, if he chose to publish his name, would attract immediate notice. While I give Obadiah every credit for earnestness, I must confess I don’t know what he wants. What policy would he have the “orthodox” adopt towards “back sliders” ? His vigorous phrase about “ black-coated, silk-hatted, Saturday-saints ” is excellent from the literary point of view— but but how does it help ? Unless the committees of the Synagogues order large numbers of the Australasian Hebrew, for distribution among the back-block backsliders, I don’t know what they can do. I hope to hear from Obadiah again. He is decidedly clever, if not,' on this occasion, convincing. L’Affaire Lormer.—Mr. Lormer, J.P., has drawn a hornets' nest about his ears lately. He has aroused a deal of interest in the city by certain charges against the honorary magistracy. A commission to inquire into these things has been appointed, and on Friday last Mr. Lormer complained, from his place on the bench, that one of his witnesses—a certain Gilbert Smith—had been sent away from Melbourne with money in his pocket, which money was provided by “ Mr. Cohen, Mr. M. A. Bapken, one of the Jewish Babbis, and other Jews.” The Herald-Standard, on Saturday night, published the results of interviews with Mr. Bapken, Mr. Cohen’s solicitors and the Bevs. Lenzer, Abrahams, Blaubaum and Solomon, all denying any knowledge of the matter and in some instances even denying all knowledge of Gilbert Smith and his existence. Mr. Bapken concludes his remarks with the threat of seeking “ other redress ” unless Mr. Lormer withdraws. Another Case of Misplaced Confidence.—A correspondent in a recent number of the Guardian (the organ in England, of the Anglican Church), sends the editor the following wail. He warns the papers and its readers against the following mendicant impostor:—“ A Jew, lately a Babbi at BudaPesth, in a discourse on “ The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, etc.” converted himself to Christianity. He was excommunicated with violence, in proof of which is a tremendous growth on the neck, and other marks he will offer to show in private. His favourite victims are young clergy in Mission Churches, where he attends most fixedly to the sermons, and afterwards calls on the preacher in the vestry. His German accent and quaint quotations attract favourable notice, his conversion justifies credit (to the extent of several shillings sometimes), and he is started in his trade (Berlin wool mat making) about once a week, perhaps. I have met him in Dover, Salisbury, and heard him chuckling to his cronies over his gains in a lodging-house. He is still about. The strong point in him is that he cannot be prosecuted for beg ging as he only receives what is offered for his ‘ trade,’ which, to judge by his physical health, is lucrative.” I know this Babbi well. He is twin-brother * to the Rev. Moshe ParohadiJc, whose career was touched upon in our last issue. A Long and Honourable Career :—The venerable Professor Marks, of the Berkeley- street (London), Synagogue, preached to the congregants on last Tom Kippwr. This made the fifty-third Neelah sermon preached by Babbi Marks, the “ reform ” minister; Among all the vast audience there was only one who had heard him preach his first Neelah sermon in 1842. Mrs. Keeley : Mr. Walter Goodman was the Secretary an<JL Treasurer of the celebration in honour of Mrs. Keeley’s 90th birthday. Goodman ? Goodman ? The name seems familiar, in connection with theatrical matters in this city. Can it be-? But no—impossible! Mrs. Keeley prides herself upon her Jewish descent. Work Girls and Their Wages : A long correspondence on the subject of work- women and how they have to live is raging in the columns of a weekly contemporary. Some of the letters bear internal evidence of having been written in the office of the paper, others appear to be genuine contributions from the suf ferers from the keen competition among female workers. Tales of girls who have to feed, house and clothe themselves on earn ings ranging from 9 to 12 shillings weekly have a very sad dening effect on the minds of humane readers. The question : What is to be done to remedy this deplorable state of things ?—is not easy to answer. Supply and Demand : The law of supply and demand is in exorable and is the only one applicable to the question. In all descriptions of callings by which girls may hope to earn their living, except domestic service, the supply of work-women always rapidly overtakes the demand. Not only that, but what has been termed “ pocket-money earning ”—the desire of unmarried sisters and daughters, and even wives, who are members of families of which they are not the breadwinners, to add to their allowances for personal expenses—forms a very important factor. Again, all women are naturally so fond of bargains that the temptation to buy cheaply is to them always irresistible. Trades people who make a living by supplying articles of feminine apparel, &c.;, have long recognised that a halfpenny saving will attract women from preposterous distances. All these forces tend inevitably to lower the wages earnable by women, even where ‘ sweating ’ is not deliberately practised. Is Co-operation the Cure? is a question frequently asked> and always answered in the negative. Co-operation to keep up standards of wages is, after all, but an extended selfishness, and, to be successful, must be more merciless to outsiders than the hardest sweater who ever battened on the necessities of the poor. The question here is not of a class of women, but of a vast and increasing number of women of all classes. To have any real utility, co- operation for women workers must be extended until it practically reaches nationalisation of production by women— a condition of things not arguable, nor practicable in the slightest degree. Is there any Cure ? The answer, I think, is—yes. The cure is to lessen the number of aspirants for every post that women desire ro fill by making more attractive the number of positions that they do not desire to fill. No woman can live decently and in comfort under an expenditure of from twelve to fifteen shillings weekly. Few women can earn the latter sum regularly. Yet women as domestics, can in large numbers, be supplied with housing, firing, light, and food quite to the value of fifteen shillings, and, in addition, can earn, in these colonies at least, from eight to twenty shillings wages per week. Curiously enough all women loathe, and avoid domestic service, and run incredible risks to health and morale to escape it. Why do Women Loathe Domestic Service ?—The first reason is the natural one. Women are not intended by nature to be workers. They have one great function in life—to become mothers ; and firstly the labour, and secondly, and far more im portant, the seclusion of domestic service has a tendency to unfit them for, and to lessen their chances otherwise of becoming wives and mothers. Of course, by this term “ domestic service ” I mean only service in strange households. “ No followers allowed” is a stern rule rigidly applied by tens of thousands of motherly and good women, yet it is a cruel and unwomanly rule. No word too harsh can be said of the hard and cruel women who will make of unfortunate girls in their service helots and slaves, while they pet and pamper a pug-dog or a tabby cat. But miles apart from these, there are many good and considerate women, acting con scientiously enough, who make domestic service intolerable to a decent girl by the mere fact that every natural, honourable, and desirable impulse for male companionship is sternly refused its due gratification. ‘‘ Bridget, ” in the kitchen, has as much right by all the rules of justice and upright dealing to receive her visitors as “ Miss Edith ” in the drawing-room—but under identical re strictions. Make the “ Slavey ” a Woman.—There is only one cure, and that is to dignify domestic service. The daughter of the highest lady in this land will take no barm in the opinion of anybody of sense from the performance of any domestic duty that she volun tarily undertakes, or is required by her mother to perform. Why then should such contumely follow the performance of the same duty for hire in the service of a stranger ? What public opinion, and especially the public opinion of good women, can effect has been strikingly shown in the matter of nursing. Very rarely has the domestic to perform such unpleasant and repulsive duties as the nurse at times has to undertake. Measured by the standard of comparative disagreeableness, domestic service is incomparably preferable to nursing. Yet it is not necessary to point out how honourable and dignified the latter task is in the estimation of all women as compared with the former. A Domestic Servants’ Guild.—What, I think, would go to the root of the whole question would be the establishment of a “ Domestic servants’ guild.” This should be patronised by every good woman in a high social position from Lady Hampden, Lady Darley, Lady Windeyer, and Lady Salomons, down. This guild should include every girl of good character now in domestic service. It should enact certain regulations, the breach of which should lead to the boycotting of the offending mistress by every domestic servant in the land. (Will good women ask themselves why it is a fact that the “ social evil ” is recruited from the ranks of domestic servants in a percentage immeasurably larger than that from the ranks of those which are usually recognised as “ dangerous ” callings for girls, e.g., barmaids, chorus-girls, etc.) A handsome club—yes, a club—for domestics might be erected. From eight to ten each evening, or three evenings weekly, Bridget and Jane might there meet Pat and Jack, not exactly under supervision, but just that amount of chaperonage under which Clara and Maud meet Claud and Bertie. Music, dancing, con versation—just as in a drawing-room—might follow; and a good-looking parson be always at hand. Rates of wages, and regulations for mistress and maid might be adopted, and all go merrily as marriage-bells—those marriage-bells which are the key-note of every true woman’s existence. “ General ” Booth.—The leader of the “Salvation Army” now finds the Colonial newspapers are not treating him quite so sympathetically as when he previously visited our shores. I have no desire to enter on any discussion likely to arouse acrimony. I admit the single-mindedness and unselfishness of Mr. Booth. I do not agree with those who blame him for the display and fanfaronade of his latest progress. All through the story he has deliberately, and successfully, applied the methods of the circus proprietor to his attempt to enkindle the feeble spirituality of the mass of mankind. Distasteful as his methods always have been to many, their success is their apology and vindication. If his followers and he are of opinion that the carriage and pair, the bands, the braided uniform, the special steamers and all the rest of it, are necessary or advisable, their long experience and great success give them the best right to form an opinion. His presence reminds me that there are two or three great objections to his old scheme for the benefit of the “ submerged tenth ” which must ever be borne in mind, and to which his attention might again be called. Our Local Wants.—It may be selfish, but it is very human, to object to any movement which tends to starve our own chari ties. We are passing through (and I am confident, successfully) a period of great depression. All our charities are crying aloud for funds, and are hampered in their good work by lack of the ‘ sinews of war.’ When Mr. Booth was here in 1891, the financial storm was just about to break on our devoted heads. He took away large sums of money, which were practically diverted from the coffers of our own charities. Sickness, hunger, homelessness are not comparative terms, they are absolute— without degree. A hungry man is not the less hiingry because he is one of a hundred, while in London there are ten thousand. A woman without a roof over her head feels inclement weather here none the less acutely because there are a thousand women shivering under the arches of the London bridges. If there be a surplusage, and those at our own doors are sufficiently atten ded to, let us by all means help the poor in England or else where. But is that the case now ? Was it so in 1891 ? Let charitable workers answer. An Impracticable Scheme.—The next objection I would urge to Mr. Booth’s scheme is that it is impracticable. Mr. Booth is a wonderful man, with magnetic energy, wide sympathy, religious enthusiasm, practical mind and power of organisation, possibly unequalled—a man in a million ! But has he discovered the elixir of life ? Suppose he lives, as we all hope he will, for another generation, will he never grow less unselfish, more dictatorial and self- willed than he now is ? Let us admit there is no danger of that. He is embarking on a scheme which all the wonderful organisation he controls, and all the enthusiasm he arouses, will never suffice to carry to a successful issue. Every experiment of the same kind (and scores of similar ones under all sorts of encouraging auspices have been made) has ended in failure, and will continue to do so until the end of time —for they reckon without their host, human nature. After Mr. Booth’s Death.—But let us for the moment brush these considerations aside, and admit that Mr. Booth not only may but will succeed—there comes the question : Who shall re place Mr. Booth at the head of affairs ? Is he another Ignatius, and will he succeed in founding a new order of self-devoted beings who will be able, for generations to come, to add desirable re cruits to their body and carry on the work, in the unselfish and disciplined spirit of the founder ? I doubt it. His workers marry and rear children, and no sacrifice of self long stands against the interests of offspring. Who then is to succeed Mr. Booth, and what will become, after his death, of the enormous organisation he has so successfully brought into existence ? Doubtless, Mr. Booth will be prepared to answer these questions. While he is amongst us again, I think they ought to be asked. Mr. Schey’s Scheme.—Mr. Schey, M.P., seems resolved to signalise his present term of service in the Legislative Assembly by attempting to introduce, under Government patronage, an adaptation of the German Arbeiter Kolonie system in this Colony. When the ‘ Labour Colony ’ system of Germany comes to be properly und< rstood—and though it has been discussed at great length it has not yet attained that stage here—there will doubt less be found in it much that is adaptable and useful here. But Mr. Schey talks of his scheme as intended to mitigate the dis tress of “ the unemployed ” at a time when the unemployed are more than normal in numbers, and therein lies the certainty of failure. The Labour Colony can only touch the fringe of the un employed problem under ordinary conditions : it is powerless, and even mischievous in times of extended disturbance of labour conditions—powerless to do any tangible good and mischievous because it affords an excuse for the pretence that the problem is being grappled with. What the Labour Colony Really is.—The labour colony is a refuge for the chronically unemployed; a shelter for the home less vagrant; a disciplinary institution for the aimless and hope less declasse; a retreat for the inebriate ; and a last turning place for the immoral and criminally-inclined. It is a wise and beneficent institution intended for aiding the wealc among humanity ; and so far as it can be applied to that end here, every lover of his kind will applaud its introduction and establishment. But our trouble just now is the existence of quite a different class—the honest, industrious, skilful workers whose characters are good and energy unquestionable, but for whom, as a xchole, there is not enough work. Some other method must be found. Even if the Arbeiter Kolonie could conceivably aid the un employed in their trouble—it would certainly not do so under Government control. All similar institutions in Victoria, Hew South Wales, or elsewhere where the Government has had a finger in the pie have been egregious failures and for an obvious reason—no Colonial Government has ever existed which could manage these institutions with sufficient firmess and economy. Private control, and preferably by religious organisations, affords the only hope of success. These experiments have not been successful hitherto because they have attempted an impossible task. They have forgotten that they should have rigidly con fined themselves to the classes mentioned. Had they done so —the real unemployed problem could have been dealt with by Governments and societies in a ready and successful fashion. A case in point : I quote the following from last week’s Bulletin :—“ The bailiffs have been in Dr. Strong’s house more than once during the past 12 months, threatening distraint on account of Victorian village-settlement debts. It appears that the rev. philanthropists, Strong and Tucker, have been swindled right and left by many of the people whom they sought to assist. Parliament has just placed £1000 on the estimates towards liquidating the liabilities of the settlement and its clerical sponsors. The sum, however, will only partially remove the difficulties.” Even if the reason given here for the non-success of the schemes of “ Village-settlement ” were, in part, the true reason, it is quite certain that there was never a ghost of a chance for ultimate success from the very first. Dr. Strong is one of the best and kindest men I ever met. He has, I dare say, straitened himself sadly in his attempt to bolster-up his nobly meant but unsound scheme. You cannot fill a sieve with water: you cannot solve an unemployed problem by creating arbitrarily, associations, which should grow up slowly and naturally. These “ village-settlements ” strove to combine the principles of co-operation with those of the German Labour Colony in an attempt to solve the ‘ unemployed problem.’ * Co-operation ’ is only extended selfishness ; and to solve the unemployed problem extended ^selfishness is required. The Arbeiter Kolonie is intended for quite a different class to that which forms the real “ unemployed.” Two axes are not likely, because they are roughly tied together, to do the work of an auger satisfactorily. That is what Revs. Strong and Tucker overlooked. 