MACQCARIE-STREEaBMBl 'hobae EsrrmrsiAsT^&^^G^I When seeking to calm the arfljj^^^H^H that greeted - bis Local yObveCBPHH|PH amendment on' Weduesday week, Mr. Ret& I ironically referred to his assailants as ' moral j enthusiasts.' He further remarked, in 1 pleading for an adjournment, that if the in dignation then exhibited was genuine i- would keep, while if of the gingerbeer quality it would naturally evaporate. He proved a true prophet, and by this time has bad ample opportunity of judging of its variety. In the interval between the adjpurnment and the resumption of the debate on this import ant subject, the premier unbosomed himself to the press and by means of those inspired paragraphs so useful to persons in authority, declared he would not retract from tha position he had taken up. Not unlikely it was anticipated that this flaunting of back bone would tend to rally the timid members, who always dread a crisis, to the support of the Government. But. if that were the ob ject it signally failed, the House by 63 to 17 inflicting upon the Ministry the sharpest lesson it has yet been called upon to endure. When the debate recommenced the Govern ment. openly expressed its confidence of victory. It rapidly found that confidence misplaced. Mr. Millen was deputed to lead off, and his attack was sufficiently effective to draw the Prime Minister into a rather lensthv defence, from the tone of which it was evi dent the Government was beginning to recognise the seriousness of the position into which it had permitted itself to be led. As speaker after speaker rose from the Minis* terial side in bitter denunciation of the Premier's desertion of his own bill, the out look for the Government darkened, and by 9 o'clock the inevitable was ^predicted. Mr. Wise made one of the Dest speeches ever delivered in the Assembly. It was not long, but every word told. It was free from any tinge of bitterness, but under the circum stances its playful banter and its merciless lo?ic cut more -leeplv than any violent attack would have done., Mr. Wise used a foil, not a broad sword, and maiutaii.ing his natural good ttmper throughout, he placed on record a remarkable speech even from so brilliant a : speaker. No doubt was then entertained as to th« result, but no one anticipated a victory so overwhelming. As the division belts rang and the members began to troop in, Ministers showed their chagrin at being left in such a predicament, the seventeen ayes looking beggarly when contrasted with the i thronged benches on the opposite side. WHAT WILL HAPPEN ? Just prior to the division Mr. Reid an nounced that if beaten he would adjourn the debate for a week to enable him to consider the position. Accordingly, when the division terminated he moved the Chairman out of the chair and the adjournment of the debate till Wednesday the 24th. Speculation has I naturally been rife as to what decision the Government wonld come to. By some it was predicted the Bill would be abandoned, while others held tbe opinion that Mr. Raid wonld accept tbe verdict of tlie Souse and go on with the measure in the form in which it was introduced. Mr. Brunker, it was whispered, was for more heroic steps, and rumour went so far as to declarc that while he had almost quarrelled with the Premier abont the introduction of the ill-fated amendment, he was resolute in affirming that, having introduced it, the Government ought to stick to it or resign. Nothing so extreme is likely to happen. What is more probable is that when consideration of this matter is resumed, Mr. Reid will plainly tell the House he has been misled by tbe figures and information supplied by bi3 officers, and then offer an amendment on the olause, which, while main taining to existing municipalities the right to rate themselves by which ever method they choose, will direct that any municipality electing to rate upon land values shall be allowed to fix such a rate as will yield the same aggregate revenue as would be derived from rating upon the annual value. If this be adopted it will provide a method so clastic | as to fit the varying circumstances of the various boroughs, and as it will do this automatically, it will relieve the Government and Parliament of the ticklish task of fixing a maximum suitable for all municipalities. BECIPBOCITY. That there is not mnch lore lost between the Upper and Lower Houses is frequently beinc made manifest, but it is rarely ex hibited with such remarkable coincidence as it was on Wednesday last. At the same time that Dr, Garran was moving the second reading of the Conciliation and Arbitration Bill — a Lower House measure — in the Coun cil, Sir George Dibbs was moving the first reading of the Disorderly Conduct Suppres ? Hill rT^o- TT~„o„ ? ? ii ? oiuu dim— au uuuac mcoMut; — in tui; Assembly. And neither Chamber revealed any great liking for the other legislative bantling. The Council completely stilled the Conciliation Kill, only its foster-father, Dr. Garran voting for it, while 30 votes were recorded against it. This settles the fate of compulsory arbitration for the present. The Assembly by a narrow majority decided to receive the 'flogging bill,' as it is called, but it must be remembered that it is customary to assent to the first reading of every bill, as a matter of courtesy, thus giving tlie member in charge an opportunity of debat ing it on the second reading when, if desired, it can he rejected. For instance, the* Council adopted without division the first, reading of the Conciliation Bill it ultimately threw out so contemptuously. The prejudice against the proposal to extend the use of the lash proved too strong for custom, and a division was taken, which showed the Bill to have had a narrow squeak and practically marks it for doom when it next makes its appearance. Many members yoted for the first reading, as a matter of recognised procedure, who are certain to vote against the Bill itself. Another of the Assembly's measures fired oat by the ! Council was the Bill reducing the Governor's salarj. The circutustunces surrounding | the rejection of the Bill are not without their humorous side. No Councillor was apparently in favor of the measure and no one was therefore willing to undertake con trol of it. But something had to be done, the Bill could not be left shivering on the thicshold of the chamber like an unshriven ghost on the confines of the spirit-laud, Members looked at one another. How to tret rid of the thing, that was the problem. They could not reject it till someone pro posed its acceptance, and no one was willing to do that. After a while one Councillor, like a legislative Curtius offered to sacrifice himself by moving pro forma, that the Bill be read a first lime. Some of the members, with a more rigid regard to the proprieties, were shocked at the idea of one of their number proposing a Bill in the principle of which he did not believe. The ethics of the situation were then discussed and though the moral senativenees of the lords was not entirely unaffected, it was restored to comparative quiet when it be came evident that the only way for them to get hold of the Bill as a preliminary to killing it, was for one of their number to dissemble, and for the Council generally to ! act th'o part of the spider towards the fly. j The difficulty of arriving at a determination experienced by the Councillors acted as a salve to the wounded feelings of Mr. ' O'Sullivan, who, from behind the bar, was a : spectator of the treatment accordcd his pet Bill. THE DEAN CASE. Mysterious as the Dean case appeared at the point at which it left the Court, it has bccome even more so as a result of the statements made by Mr* Crick in the Assembly. Members inside the House, and the public outside, are in a quandary, The evidence is conflicting and incomplete. The theories set up hy.both prosecution and de fence are so extraordinary, and there is such' an absence of motive, that most people are in doubt. Judge Windeyer, not regarded as a lenient judge, has bad some thing to do towards creating the undoubted feeling in Dean's favor, for it is held that certain of His Honor's remarks were hardly, warranted- One thing was made quite clear by the debate caused by the Member for West Macquarie, and that was the pre. valence of an opinion that inquiry should be. pushed further. It was pointed out that either Dean was guilty or he was not. If guilty there was no justification for snatch-, ing him from the gallows ; if innoccnt no justification for keeping him in prison. Mr. Crick asked for a Royal Commission to open np the whole case, and this seems the objective point of the agitation -being con i ducted in the city. There is much to be said in favor of the suggestion, but on the other hand, there is a danger in establishing a precedent of the kind It is in reality the setting-up of a criminal court of appeal, for a special case. If it is advisable to establish such an appeal court, by all means let it be established. Every convicted prisoner would then have an equal right to appeal, but the creation 'of a court in the interests of an individual might lead to some invidious distinctions. The only thing that is beyond dispute in'this matter is that the public it; not satisfied with the information- at its command, and is bent on obtaining mors. A PROMISED SENSATION. An effort is being made to get the Gov ernment to table the whole s of . the papers in connection with the recent military court martial in which Captain Close was charged ??paBBnprit among ..? I^^^BpaHH^^^MD^^HBfresbed by H^HKaHH^H^nHBfton, that HHjjHHB|HPE!^HB«£^hile they !Hw^OTmeTlgW'&TP;,Effe-cbafacter of the yonng lady herself. Rightly or wrongly Captain Close is the recipient of some quiet sympathy and in many * quaitsrs is regaled rather as a victim than a subject for punishment. For this reason, apart from the nature of the case in which, he figured, the appearance of the papsrs is anxiously awaited, and if it occurs, may are certain w- ue renu wiui avidiiy. TALK AND WORK. Thursday night was devoted chiefly to a discussion on the buttyrgang. The Minister for Works had tabled a motion in connection witli the JJcrrigan-Jerildeiie railway, and upon thi* Mr. Schey moved an air.endment that the -work should be done under ihe butty-gang system. _. The Minister prnmisea co nave me worn so carried uui, if he found that it could be done without detiiment to the State. That would* not satisy the advocates of butty- gang, who, principally labor members, Kept the debate going till a late Lour. They were\\_ehement iu their enunciation of t le claims of the workers. Yet when this proposal h; d been disposed of and the Assembly turned its at tention to the Coal Miners' Bill, c tly two tabor members thought it worth 'while to stav and help to m ike the quorum, which was with difficulty maintained. ' It' is not therefore surprising that they should be suspected of a desiie rather to make a show debate for the benefit of their constituents ou the butty-gaug proposal than to put in any solid worn on legislation of an admittedly beneficial nature like tbe Coal Miners' bill. 