hews Hi mm. Tlct#riaa. Mr. Murray Is promised the support £ the dtorches if he goes on with his proposed bill to r the suppression of gjunWihg, At the annual mediiig of the Bendigo City Council on the 10th Ibsl, Cr Laza rus, ILLuL was dected Mayor, rice Cr Heinz., who retires. The Legislative Assembly this after noon by 54 votes to 21 rejected Mr Lerien's proposal to put a duty of 5s per ewt. on fresh fish. On Saturday, the hou. J. EL Grey, M.L.C., was re-elected Mayor, of the boroughs Newton and ChilweH for the fifth time in succession. A plug left in a water cnpply pipe at German town has just been discovered. For eighteen years it has partially throt tled the local water cnpply. The Secretary of Education will probably visit South Australia shortly for the purpose of inquiring' into the system of printing and compiling m State school books locally. The farmers country excursions wii be resumed by the Railway depart ment next month Last summer tbej were very largely patronised, anc proved highly profitable to the depart ment Another loss of memory case Is re ported. This time the mysterious wan derer turns up in Brunswick. There seems to be a loss of memory epidemic passing over Melbourne, as several striking cases have been reported late ly. We have received Section IT. of the Victorian Year Book 1S34, which in- ciudes two important divisions of the entire work— Part 7, Production ; and Part 8, Defence To students of sta tistics the figures will be of special in terest. As a result of his visit to Steele's Creek cn Saturday, the Minister of Mines has submitted a report for the consideration of the Cabinet regarding the dispute between the Lands Depart ment and a man named Hunter, who has a lease under the 32nd section of the Mines Act. The friends of Mr Proodfoot, who was so badly hurt in the recent Stee plechase at Caulfield, will be giad to hear that he is progressing favorably Dr O'Hara, his medical attendant, has succeeded in saving the knee joint, which is considered a decidedly satis factory result. Charlie Lewis, who rode Circassian King in the Steeplechase at the Vic torian Club Meeting Saturday, fell heavily with, his horse at one of the fences- Oil examination in the casualty room it was found that he was suffering from laceration of the brain, and he died shortly afterwards. A d-'-pctation of merchants and other leading citizens waited upon Sir Ar thur Snowden on 16th and requested him to stand for the Central Province seat in the Legislative CouncIL Kir Arthur consented to do so on being de finitely assured that it was not Mr Coppin's Intention to offer himself for re- election. In the good old prosperous days of the colony Victoria possessed a large and highly ornate Admiral's barge, propelled by fourteen oars. This would have been the sort of thing to land Lord Brassey iru and doubtless his Excellency would hare acted as coxswain. Alas ! the barge died a natural death and a successor was never procured. The earthwork on the Jmnbunna to Outtrim line has almost been com pleted, with the exception of the big cuttings at each end. Some three hun dred men are engaged there, but opera tions have been greatly retarded by the wet weather. It will be a couple of" months before this portion of the work will be out of hand. Mrs Butler, the central figure in re cent divorce and conspiracy proceed ings in Sydney, has presented a peti tion to the Minister of Justice, praying for the release of her brother, John Foster Johnston, who was sentenced to three years imprisonment on a charge of perjury in the original di vorce case. The petitioner draws spe cial attention to the conviction of But ler, Davis and Peake, and the entire vindication, by the jury, of Mrs But ler. A South Australian paper reports that a rather strange discovery was made recently at Bradsliaw's Creek, in the Northern Territory. On a boabob tree was found the inscription: — "John Adams, 1815/' It is thought that Adams formed one of the party of the ill-fated Leicbardt's expedition which was supposed to be in the neighbor hood of Bradshaw's Creek in 1845, and that the figures taken to be 15 may have been 45. In Sydney the pilotage fees are four- ponee per ton on the foil tonnage of vessels, although pilots are stationed Inside the Heads and have only five miles to take vessels. In Victoria the dues are 34d per mile, but the maxi mum tonnage chargeable is 1920 tons, and the pilots navigate for 100 miles. Thus it cost more than double to take the steamer Banffshire, 3666 tons, into the pier at Sydney than to take her to the pier in Melbourne. Mr Michael Davitt, who at the recent general election in Great Britain was elected for the two constituencies of Bast Kerry and South Mayo, has re- ceived a cablegram from Mr Justin MTSartby, leader of the Nationalist section of the Home Bole Party in the House of Commons, advising Mm to choose the seat for Bast Kerry. Mr Davitt has replied to theeffect that he leaves himself in Mr McCarthys hands. A melancholy and fatal accident took phee on tiieOanifidti racecourse <ai8aiiir day. The fwwa fSwwaaan king wiypJ in tka Steeplechase, fell at the third fence. His jockey, Charlie Lewis, was picked up insensible, and carried to the casualty room, where it was found .that he was ; suffering from lacers&on; of the brain. Medical aid was ixn mediately available, but to no purpose, and the injured man died shortly afterwards. Mr Demi, who had a spill off Cerberus, had to have his right ear stitched up. "Gentlemen, it seems to me that mis sionaries are as much needed in Coi- iingwood as they are in China/ said Mr Justice Hood to the jury in the Cri minal Court on Monday. The case that provoked this strong and topical re mark was one in which a man named Patrick Ryan was charged with stab bing Ms brother, at 15 Brown street, CoHingwood, on Sunday, 4th August "Here, condimed his Honor, "we have people who spend their Sundays get ting drunk,. and one man stabs an other." The difficulty which confronted Mr. Justice Hood in deciding the contempt of court case on Saturday was that he could not believe certain evidence. As to the two witnesses Alice Tew and George Willis, he flatly said, " I dis believe both, and "I think it exceed ingly probable that they did interfere" with the witness Clyde Tew. But on ; the other hand he could not believe j Clyde Tew herself. Her contradictory I statements in the witness-box shook his confidence in her. Therefore he in flicted no penalty, though, as he clear ly said, some one deserved very strong punishment. j Dr Maloney adopted a very curious i style in presenting a petition to the j Legislative Assembly on the 14th inst. ! It was from a West Melbourne Church congregation, and was directed against Mr Murray's Bill. Dr Ma loney said, " I have tie misery, Mr Speaker, to be compelled to present this petition to the House. I have no doubt, Sir, that if those who Signed it had lived eighteen hundred years ago, they would have been found presenting petitions in favor of the money changers who were turned out of the temple." (Loud laughter and cries of "Order." The "ghost" still alks. One even ing last week a foolish person, who will certainly get himself shot, appeared before a young lady employed at a fashionable cityrestaurant while she was going koine. She had just macfeed the intersection of King and Franklin streets. West Melbourne, opposite the Flagstaff Gardens, when, a form, clad In white, suddenly appeared, and throwing open his coat, displayed a breast of dagyJing brilliancy. The young lady neither fainted nor scream ed, which probably disconcerted the troubled spirit, for the next moment he disappeared as suddenly as he had come. The Metropolitan Board of Works in May last drew a cheque for £7647 10s on its current account in the City of Melbourne Bank and directed the bank to remit that sum to London to pay interest on the Board's debentures. The bank did not remit as directed up to the time It closed its doors, and that £7647 was locked up with the rest of the Board's money in the bank. Tues day Mr. Agg. on behalf of the Board, made an application to the Chief Jus tice which was practically that the bank be declared' a trustee in respect to this amount, and that the liquidator be directed to pay it over. His Honor appeared to be against the application, but adjourned it for a week. . During the present week the regrad- ing of the railway line between Sta- well and Ararat has been commenced, the Minister of Railways having given instructions for- its Immediate com mencement It is a piece of work which will employ 400 men for a period ! of about six months. The cost of It is estimated to be £18,000. Gold received at the Royal Mint last week, 52.3S9oz. ; value of gold coin and bullion issued, £35,264. Mr. Justice Hood has given his de- | cision in the case of the Chinese youth j Mah Tee, convicted of being intimate i with the girl Mary M'Taggart, of evil reputation, though only of the age of fifteen. His Honor did not think that the Crimes Act was intended by Par liament for the protection of professed ly immoral girls of this pattern, and let | the accused off with a week's imprison- | ment. | Mr.M'Culloch, M.L.C., Is of opinion ; that the Bill extending the hours of ; voting in municipal elections will meet with no serious opposition in the Legis lative Council He holds that the pro visions are most moderate, and will be generally acceptable to those interest ed, especially the mining MmnmniHwt The City of Melbourne Bank is in terested to the extent of £42,000 in a sugar plantation in Fiji, and a sum of £720 Is urgently-required to pay arrears of wages and to employ further labor. His Honor the Chief Justice has em powered the provisional liquidator of the bank to pay the sum necessary. Mir Justice Hodges delivered judg ment Tuesday on the question of the legality of bequests of money for masses to be celebrated for the repose £ a testator's sosL His Honor held that such bequests were CPrt noes, j the Act of Edward YL forbidding money being left as legacies for sock superstitious purposes " not being reasonably applicable- to Victoria. The fact that Mr Justice Hodges is chancellor of the Anglican diocese of Melbourne will probably lend aflw- tinnal interest to bis remarks in deem ing that a legacy left for masses for the repose of a testator's soul is & good bequest and not void under an ancient Imperial statute. An application by Mr Braitam. on be half of Mr Crawford, for a certificate, was dealt with in the Insolvency Court 1 by Judge Molesworth on Monday. His | Honor said the insolvent estate of I Crawford, King and Co.. diapers and I importers, was sequestrated on 19th | December, 1894. the joint schedule J showing a surplus of L419S 6s 2d. Ac- | cording to the separate schedule. Ab- | ram Crawford's surplus was L10-216 j 1 15s 6d. It appeared that the joint es- ! iaie had paid a dividend of 12s 8f4d in j the £. and that not less than 3s in the £ additional would be paid. It also I appeared that the separate estate of Abram Crawford would pay 20s In the £. and that a surplus of IAO00 would be carried forward for the benefit of the joint estate. The aplication of Abram j I Crawford for a certificate was perfect- j j ly regular, and the Court would amke j I an order granting: the same. I British and Foreign. Colliery explosion in Germany. Three miners killed and thirteen others in jured. Among the Queen's treasures are two solid silver tea tables kept at Windsor Castle. A watch is said to tick 157,680,000 times in a year, and the wheels travel 1558% miles per annum. It has been calculated by an American that a mother, in talking to her infant, speaks 35,000 v>rds a day, without th» babe understanding a syllable. The eagles and several other kinds of birds have actually come to recognise Mr Stacy Marks, R. A., so frequently is he painting them in the London Zoo. The expressions of "Hallelujah" and "Amen" are said to have been intro duced into Christian worship by St. Jerome some time about the vear A n 390. Light acts upon the brain, and those who sleep with their blinds up will find that in summer time, when so few hours are really dark, their sleep is not re freshing. Jules Terneis now sixty-seven years old. His first novel was published when he was thirty-five, and he has been pro ducing them at the rate of two a year ever since. Mrs Humphrey Ward, the novelist, was paid over one thousand pounds for a short story, entitled "The Story of Bessie Costrell," by the publishers of the- Novel Series." The favorite horse of Baron found at the Baron's Austrian palaog, ' where -the great m&Bonaire; is said to prpfpr j© five. -The animal is a fine riieshHit, and, it is said, coat the annual Innmnfi ofjA highly placed CSt3 servant. The consumption of tea tn England during- 1892 reached the highest point ever touched since Its use has been gen erally diffused among the manses, the total quantity used being considerably, more than 267,060, 0001b. In connection with the Salvation Army work in Canada there are now. nim» rescue houses, a shelter for women, another for children, three food and shelter depots, two wood-chopping yards, a farm, aJK two prison gate homes. The best briar root from which pipes are msdp comes from the borders of Italy and France. In the mountainous districts of these countries roots are dug out that have grown for ages, and are- sometimes larger than a man's body, weighing hundreds of pounds. An advertisement in a San Francisco paper, for the first white child bars in California, brought 11,713 letters, each \ written by a person claiming that dis- I tmction. There are yet a few thousand more "first white children" to be heard ; from. y A British gunboat has paid the annual visit to Tristan d'Acunha, a lonely Island In the South Atlantic, to bring home letters .from the little community 5 of 90 persons who live in that isolated ! spot. The venerable chief, Peter Green,. S been 60 years on the lonely island, I siad he has succoured many shipwrecked crews. , . , . . Small-pox dangerously prevalent in the : East end of London. No fewer than 300 cases reported. The diseise Is not ap pearing in a virulent form, but there appears to be a lot of It. Health au thorities of the great city fighting the malady and trying to prevent its fur ther spread- Horrors following the war in the Far East. Thousands of Chinese said to be dying of hanger. The arrears of pay due to the troops pocketed by the unscrupulous mandarins, with whom peculation appears to be positively an article of religion. Dreadful accident at Kiel, the scene of so many festivities a few weeks ago. Due to the collapse of a gang way on which a number of workmen had collected, some of them were precipitated into the new Baltic Canal, and eight were drowned. Home Rulers in the United States despairing of seeing Irish amosomx, won by other means, talk' of resorting to "physical/ and of arming against the hereditary enemy. England. The blow to be delivered when Britain be comes involved in a European war. New Zealand files to hand state thaf the cold experienced during the month of July was most intense. At Rotorua, on the night of 21st July, the mercury sank 14 deg., showing IS deg. of frost About the same date the irk in a tele graph office near Otago froze, and when melted for use became frozen on the pen. Spain's double event Is represented by the revolutions in the Cuba and the Philippine Islands. That In the latter place has collapsed. The Go vernment have scored latterly ai> Against the Cuban insurgents, but still it is necessary to send out further rein forcements in order to make the posi tion good. French troops having a decidedly bad time in Madagascar. The disease of the country fights against the in vader. and is much more deadly than the Hovas" bullets. General Duchesne reported to be advancing to the attack of a strong force of the enemy, who hold the road to the capital. A deci sive battle expected within a few days. While removing a hedge at Thomham Farm, Witheridge, Devonshire, a labor er discovered three common earthen ware pitchers, the total weight of which' when empty, is about 60 pounds. They contained a number of silver coins dat ing from 1500 to 1550. The coins were of the size of a florin and half crown, but ' much thinner. Miss Marguerite Elise Harkness, a" lady novelist, who writes under the r.ame of " John Law," is at Coolgardie as correspondent for the London "Daily Chronicle" and the " Westminster Gazette/ Miss Harkness has written for the " Fortnighf ly Review " on labor parties in Parliament. She is now typewriting in Coolgardie, and collect ing material for a noveL A writer says of the rabbits in Aus tralia that for several years in succes sion the animal becomes so scarce as to be quite difficult to obtain, increasing in the next few years to so extraordi nary an extent as to become the most abundant mammal in tbe country. Af ter the maximum of increase has been obtained the rabbits commence to die off,, and before many weeks are over their dead bodies strew the woods In all directions, while a live rabbit is searcelv to be met with. ' Headache is often due to a disturb ance or derangement of the nerve cen tres themselves, which accounts for the feet tlmt it may be produced by emo- dJsturt"Ks, such as an extreme k la!. vrfyrr- etc. The onset of this headache- is usually marked bv di gestive disturbances, such as eructa tions, flatulency, constipation, and sometones vomiting. These stomach disturbances have led to this form of headache being popularly known as kick headache." Lofeengula's capital seems to be a lively place. Servants are an unknown quantity. The insect world is horribiv troublesome, and white ants have su. taaUr been "beard" at work o"era|Jht" throwing up little mountains undertho bed, and attacking whatever cum within their reach. Books, cfottes— anything that allow of bS, riddledextcfflsively—come in for ftrtstt si isrs « fgeeable habit of paying virions ttv- mg visits, and r&treatinfr; fnf-n some favorite hole. It cmddnot m£rn place of residence have been erea i tsbod d dayn 