ECHOES FROM LONDON. I By Oxonian.] _ JjODdun. r ebruary 10. Yesterday was St. Valentine's Day, on whioh the tender shoota of love aie supposed to bloaaom forth just as the tiund verdure of spring, by an equally iuaoaurate fancy, is assumed to break through the smiling earth and he the barb.niter of approaching summer. Krratio and etotio would the poet be who oould sit down on thie St. Valentine's Day and eing triolets to flora. However much the mind may be disturbed, a oertaiu degree of bodily oomfort is essential to the spinning ' of verses, and with the Thames blocked by ice-floes, witb one's milk frozen in the can, '■ and 16° of frost banging over the metropolis, the poet oan hardly be expected to seek inspiration in the outer air. ft ext to or perhaps even better than a good tire, is exeroise, and tbe Londoners who have taken advantage of the prolonged fruit are as a body rapidly improving as skaters. At present the most perfeot sheet of ioe within easy reach of town ia at Wimbledon Park. An army of sweepers beep its surface literally perfeot. One part of the lake ia giveu up to tbB Wimbledon Skating Olub, which considers itself but little below the National Skating Association. The latter body has three olasses—liret, seocnd, and third. The lowest grade iB demonstrated by a tiny silver medal and one star; the second class oarrieB two stars; the first three stars. Until this year only twenty- nine persons, four of whom were ladies, were within this obarmed oircle. Forthe third class the tests are as follows :—An eight and a three. The eight must have each cirole la it. at> lesBt in ammeter, ana tbe three must be done with eaoh foot, and eaob aro must be at least 9 ft. The turn of the three must be inadeat any time the judges give the word, and in all oases the form is the essen tial thing. The knee of the performing leg must be kept quite straight whilst the un employed foot must bebaugingstraigbt within an inch or two of the ion and close to the other. The head must be kept well up, and the turns must be done without wriggle or jerk, l'be second class bas some nine tests, including oouibinsd figure Bleating, and the motto of the exclusive "first's" should be that "Life is short but art is loug." Maltese crosses, "rockingand counter- rocking turns,", and combined figures of amazing complexity have to be done with entire ease and apparent absence of all exertion. There was a lovely story told at tbe Authors' Club on Monday last, when Mr. Crockett was tbe guest of the evening. An Irish jarvey was asked bow many his car would bold. "And bewmany is it my car will hold J" "Yes." "Well, four if you eit adjacent, and eight if yon sit familiar." Mr. Crockett's speech was perhaps even better at the Authors' than at the closing prsoeding dinner of the Vagabonds'. He recognised that literature wsb now quite the handmaid of journalism, aud strengthened that assertion by an illustra tion " I had ICO notioesof my last book, and I consider I did therefore earns eervioe to the journalistio world. Assume that eaob notice brought in ten guineas and you have at onoe 1,0(10 guineas distributed amongst the young lions of Flset- street." February 22. Rome preserved her geese because they saved the Capitol, Venioo weloomes pigeons for a more recondite reason, whilst London to-day feeds the seagulls because their Le haviour announces tbe break-up of the frost of 1895. On Sunday last at about 6 in tbe even ing they rose more or lees in a body and pr-" oeeded seawards. Many thousands remained behind, and to these was extended an moreaeed amount of hospitality. For the last three months an old gentleman has appeared on Blaokfriars Bridge with a sackful of herring and. bread, whiohhe threw to the starving birds. After the Drawing-room on Tuesday the Queen drove along the embankment in an open carriage and seemed much astonished at the speotaole. I saw her just at the oorner of Northnmberland-arenue. Princess Bea trice was with her, $nd the third ooonpant of the carriage'was a Lady-in waitmg. I am told there were a great many eore hearts at the number of applications : whioh were disregarded for Tuesday's cere mony. My informant, who onght to know, saya that almost four- fifths of the crowd failed to prooura an entrde. Presentations each year are becoming more and moreeornpulonsly watched, and in addition to this very whole . sale scrutiny the number of personB who possess the right of admission, suck as past or , present Oabinet Ministers or Ambassadors, is . ever getting larger. The Prince was not present on Tuesday, and his absence gave the evening papers a nice alarmist opportunity. After all, it : was not influenza, but a chill caught when playing hookey, and after an hour or two's rest His Boy el Highness was able to preside at a publio meeting. A contemporary is imneoessarily caustic as to the gingerly way in whioh the Prince played in the match between the House of Commons and one selected from the Sandringham party. A moment's reflec tion should show that hockey on the ioe, perhaps the fastest game possible, is hardly adapted to a father of fifty. The Duke of York, however, skipped abont in the most reokless and run-a-rauck fashion, and but for the forbearance and agility of hie opponents would have come to serious grief. One need be no Demoorat to Bmile at the vagaries of the ladies who crowded on to the tops of omnibuses plying between Hyde Park Oorner and Victoria when the rumour went abroad that the Prinoess was skating in the adjoining park. Enthusiasm is always sn admirable quality, but it certainly exoeeded due limits on this occasion, and the momen tary triumph and exhilaration produoed by the speotaole of Royalty disporting itself must have been somewhat chilled by the wind and frost with their accompanying after effects. I spent yesterday in that delightful blook of buildings in Oarey-street known as the Bankruptcy Court, whither every one is tending. Mr. Devereux Hustler appeared for his public examination, and it was whispered that his evidence would not be uninteresting. The bankrupt admitted that be had been engaged in many oooupations. He had been a.tailor, a ship's purser and ship's surgeon, a cattledriver, and horsedealer. Id faob, the difficulty waB to remember what be had not been. Amongst other ac complishments were eteepleohasing and flat raoing, travelling in drugs and surgioal instruments, and lending a hand on an Australian sheep farm. He had an Amerioan medical diploma, and had been engaged at the Medioal Battery Company at a salary of £-1 a week and oommission. Then, like Mr. Oorney Grain's hero, "he travelled in cigars, and made a small oommission by baking bets at bars." By judicious gambling and betting he made some £400 a year. Ae tbie account seemed all profit and no lose the examination was adjourned to enable this quick-change artist to put in further Btay»~ meets. A man of aa many trades but of very different fibre is Mr. Morley Roberts, whose book ""The Degrada tion of Geoffrey Alwitb," follows this week upon 'his very suooessful series of short stories entitled "lied Earth." Mr. Morley Roberts is a comparatively young man, about thirty years of age, and is of singularly handeome appearance. Before he found his way into literature he had followed a variety of oalliuge. Ono day he took the trouble to make a list of them. Iooveted that document, but I did not gee it. Of iba kind it waB abso lutely unique. It was almost aa complete as the olassitioations of a labour bureau. He had been awindow-oleaner, apick-and- Bhovel-man, a stableman, a bullpunoher, a farm labourer, an able seaman, a tramp, a docker, and many other things besides. He left Owen's College, ManoheBber, when he was nineteen, and took a steerage passage on a sailing vessel to Aus tralia. There be stayed for eome two years, parti of whioh time he was on the "wallaby traok." Thenoe he worked his passage home, and bis discharged was marked " V.S. V.G.," meaning very good oonduob and ability. On bis way home he had three "birthdays." The latter is a technical term.. You go to the skipper and tell him it is your birthday, and if he is satis fied with you he will give you permission to buy whisky to treat your friends. On return ing to England Mr. Morley Roberts went into the War and Indian Offices, but found the life too sedeutary, and Btarted for Texas to join hie brother (Jeoil, the author of " Adrift in America." Sheep herding, bullpucohing, railroad-building, timber-sawing, and starv ing all entered into the day's work. At San Franoisoo Mr. Morley Roberts "starved solidly" for three months. When he oould raise the fare to England he returned with 8s. 64\. in his pocket, and George Giseing and W. E. Hudson, the naturalist, persuaded him to put some of his experieuoes on paper. That wasthe origin of "The Western Avenues," The first year's work brought in £53 only, the second about the same, the third yesr £120, but the later years have been very muoh more profitable. Within tlie last two years Mr. Morley Roberts has bBen all orer tbo world again, and spent a considerable tune in Australia. He touched at Samoa and had a most interesting interview with the late R. L. Stevenson, who spoke his mind very fully and freely, having ones been assured tbab no "copy" was to be madeout of it. Andrew Lang has a splendid story of Stevenson. He was at a Parisian oafd when a Frenchman said that all English men were cowards. Stevenson jumped up and smacked his faoe. "You have struck me," yelled the infuriated Gaul. "Just so," said Stevenson, and the inoident closed. This reminds one of the exploit of General Sir John Simpson. He was one of the handsomest men in the army and also one of the most powerful. He was seated at a publio dining table when a very similar remark was direoted straight at him. He leant across the table, seized the miscreant's nose and ohin with either hand, wrenched opon his mouth, and autre tempi aula moeun—spat down his throat! Injury was added to insult, for he had broken the man's jaw. The ease against the Jookey Olnb Stewards fell to pieces at Newmarket sooner than was cxpeoted. The deoision rested on legal tech nicalities, whioh is, in a measure, regretable. One would have been better pleased if the Stewards had abandoned theooverof official or unofficial knowledge, and had fought the osteon its merits, I know, you know, and Jones, Smith, and Robinson know that people bet in the rings at Newmarket, and one . may fairly assume that the Stewards of the Jookey Olub are also aware of the fact. Up till now it has been admittedly legal to bet in the ring* at Newmarket.and elsewhere, and the anti-gamblers should hare been met on that point and no other. If the deoieion had been adverse to the sporting interests of the nation it is not dif&oult; to prophesy that the law would ha ve reoei ved an early alteration. I am afraid the reproaoh so often levelled at ue oonoerning oar love for foreign musioiins is only too well founded. A short while einoe, and no one had heard of Herr Emile Saner. Now every woman is raving of him. Certainly he has a faoe of Bingular foroe and divinity, and luxuriant looks that the proprietors of Ko-Ko must envy. They do not, however, give him the owl - in - a - hollybush ap pearance whioh male orltios have found in other oases of eminent foreign artiete. "Beauty,"bo poets eing, "draws ue with a single hair," and the successes of Liszt, Rubinstein, Paderewaki, D'Albert, Fried heim, Grieg, Jaell, PaohmanD, and Sarasate amply support this opinion. Against them muBt be Bet both Bach, Von Bulow, and perhaps Twadar Naohez, one of whom had no hair at ail, and the others who permitted the normal attentions of the barber. Herr Sauer isoertainly an exquisite pianist. There is a dispute as to the source of hie instruction, a contemporary matter whioh should be easy of solution. It is stated that be learned from his j mother on the Deppe system, whilst others ' aver that Liszt, and Liszt alone, can have been his preoaptor. On one point at least the latter are in error, beoause he is known to have been under Rubinstein at St. Petersburg from 187C to 18S1. Ioe, like death, levels all people, and on the Serpentine Peers, profligates, and paupers have jostled each other. An old gentleman quaintly olad was the object of admiration, nod, by a thoughtless few, of derision. He was outting "Q's," "Mohawks," "Ohoo taws," and other fantasbio devioes as if his life depended on it. From his garments he might havG been Rip Van Winkle himself. He had on layer after layer of Cardigan jaokets, old blue trousers with blaok braid down the seams, and a tall hat as venerable an heirloom as the Pnsey. horn or the Somerset patera. A man stood by for a { moment, turned to me for want of any one j else, and said, " Ho'i a rummy indiarubber bloke, ain't he?" He gasped a little when I { replied, "Yes, Lord Olanrioarde oan skate well." | There is a fashion in skates as in evsrytbmg else, and until a year or two ago "nobody who was anybody"—on skates I mean—used I anything but the Monier Williams figure skate or a plain pair of blades sorewed into the boot. To-day every one is rushing after the Dowler patent. The idea is wonder fully simple and extraordinarily effec tive, The blade at both toe and heel iB broad, perhaps three-eighths of an inch, and tapers away in the middle to almost one eighth. Therefore in holding up the blade to the eye as if one wore looking along a gun barrel, one sees that the blade is not straight, but is in faot .the aro of a large oirole. Con- j eequenbly when one gets on the edge of the \ skate its own inclination is not to prooeed in a straight line, but on a curve, and therefore bhe hitherto perplexing and apparently dan gerous outside edge is greatly simplified. The skates, greatly ns they help one, will not im mediately turn a bad skater into a good one, but they will make the progress of a fair skater very muoh more rapid. They have of oourse to be screwed into the boot, so that a pair must be set aside for that -purpose, and the prioe iB at present more or less prohibitive. They started at, I think, 45s. at Hill's in theHaymarket; they are now 35s.; whilst the Army and Navy Stores supply their own pattern at ISa. Hill has a world-wide reputation for bis blades, and the 'radius' is so delioata and essential an operation that it is worth while paying the extra money for theoomfort of having the best article. The Aome skate, whioh was to sweep all others before it, _ has fallen on evil days. For a time the skater glided about on them the envy of all beholders. To-day they can be had in any quantity at about 2s. the pair. In connection with skating there is one pcsbsr in London adorn ing most of the prominent thoroughfares which needs amending. It was put up about 1 January 29, when a temporary ray oi warmth ■ made us alt hope that blizzards had departed. Itruus:—" Astonishing though true. Real ice Bkatiuc at Niagara Hall although, the thaw has set in." That announcement haB stood an average of some 15° of frost from within a few hours of its being affixed, and is to-day in a bitter snowstorm as unblushing and brazen as ever. Bolossy Kiralfy, the "grandest show on earth" ooterer, must pay enormous sums for his advertisements. One gigantio placard, some forty yards square, smiles down on the passers-by from every ooign of vantage. It represents the interior of the harem and abevy of beauties with a great profusion of make-up and not muoh elso to enrapture or amuse the publio. If the ghost of poor Mr. Barnura is ever present at the gorgeous speotaole of ths Orient he must feel that it would be difficult to produce a more imposing speotaole than that whioh deliglitB most Londoners and all country cousins. _ The colours, more over, have greatly improved within the last year or two, and one doe3 not now so readily associate Olympia with a raoking headaohe on the morrow. The connection of the entertainment with the East is of oourse of the vaguest and most shadowy description, and one representation bears a very striking resemblanoe to another. This may be from the unfertility of the scnnio artists and writers, or may possibly be from the oon viotion that what has suooeeded well one year will do so again. Mr. I. Zangwill has had a great time at Glasgow. He lectured to the Soottish Society of Literature and Art on " The Ghetto," and showed an unexpected quality of adroit flattery. He told his audience that he would ! leave Scotland with one idea oonfirmed and another oontradicted. The first was that the Sootoh people were very intellectual, and the seoond that they conld not appreoiate a joke. Having thus got on the soft side of his hosts his subsequent stay was not unlike a royal progress. Every oarioaturist on the Press had a shot at him, and re produced his strongly Semitic features in end lesB variety of inaoouracy. Their verbal aooouuts upbore Johnson's famous definition of inoorreotness. Mr. Zangwill was desoribed as both "tall," and "below the medium height," his voice is "musioal," "shrill," "monotonous," "well-pitched," and almost a "whisper." In the evening the author of "The Kings of Sohnorrers" oooupied a box at the Royalty Theatre. Between the aots tho students, who monopolized the gods, detected his presenoe. Then followed a tumult whioh finds a more edu oated parallel at the Encaenia of Oxford. The undergraduates shouted his name, sang " He's a jolly good fellow," and demanded for a speeoh with an insistence whioh could soarcely be denied. Mr. Zaugwill rose and bowed. At the end of the psrformauoe a orowd gathered to draw him home. The author, probably remembering the fate of thelnokless candi date who allowed his horses to be removed and who never eaw them after, had hie car riage brought round to the atage-door, and made his escape before the enthuasists realized the bird had flown. 