London Needlo Women.-The women lhgao(ed in the shirt trade aru to the full ne ill offil, as badlypaid, andasmomuh to be pitied nas were their sisters in the day wchen iood sang their sorrows and sufferings. The wo. man who Is solely dependent upon slop shiret making starves rather than lives by It. She soon becomes in very deed. The seamstress, lean and weary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sows at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Iappily, many of the shirt hands are nont wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle, Numbers of the married women of the poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the ocanty wages of their husbands and the additional income- thas gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly in creases the comfort of the household. Con. sldering the wretched prices paid for the work, the turprising thing is that the women should earn even so much at it ns some of them do. Take the button-holing - a leading branch of the work. Thn holes are rough punched in the factories the work of the outdoor hands being to stitch them round. This button holing is admittedly "niggling" work, and yet the rate at whieh it is paid for by the sweaters is a penny per dozen collnar. As each collar has three holes, the hand, who finds her owe needle and cotton, has to stitch thirty.-si holes for a penny. Even so, some of the ox. ports, by working long hours, by rising early on Summermoraings, and sitting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is "ready to be put into the mouth," chiefly breud and butter, and eating as they work; by acting on theso lines sourms of the button holers will earn as much noas eight or nlno shillings per week. The prices paid by the manufacturers who give it out in the first instance are probably such as would enable a skilled and industrious hand to make a living wage : but as matters stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlemen, und the tender mercies of the sweater are cruel. 