AMUSEMENTS . There is no denying the fact that tho current English vogue for " sex " plays has not been en dorsed by Melbourne playgoers. During tho present season of the Erough-Boucicault Com pany at the Princess's Theatre local theatre- goers havo beou accorded the fullest opportunity of sampling these plays, and, undoubtedly brilliant as they have been in literary qualities, and strongly dramatic in execution, they have failed to grip public attention and to attract such large audiences as their intrinsic merits unquestionably do- served. Mr. Boucicault is not to bo blamed- for this stint of public appreciation. Everyone of tho plays he has so' admirably produced came here bearing not only tho hall mark of London success, but also the names of authors who occupy tho highest positions in the modern English school' of dramatic writers—Pinero, Grundy, Jones and Chambers, to wit. But- in motive and in general characteristics each bora to tho. other such a strong family likeness, and the eternal feminine question was so paramount in all, that after the. first one or two public interest began to wane, and antipathy took tho place of curiosity in regard to the latest work of English playwrights. John-a-Dreams, the last of the six plays, wout the way of its predecessors last night, after a brief six nights' run, not because the.play was wholly bad, but because its theme was unat tractive, and also because it was neither avowed melodrama nor a powerful character play. For tho first two acts and a half it rises almost to the level of The Second Mrs. Tanqueray in its brilliancy of writing and promise of fine character study development, but after that it falls hopelessly into commonplace melodrama of mere mechanical plot, and ends impotently. Having failed to attract the public with these purpose plays, Mr. Boucicault is doing well in reviving a piece which has already commended itself to local playgoers. To-night The Ama zons, that delightfully amusing play of Mr. Pinero's pre-Tanqueray-Ebbsmith days, will be put up for a week's run, and tho exquisite humor of Mr. Boucicault and Mr. Ward as the Anglo-French count and the weak kneed English lord respectively should do much to atone for the hard thinking 'which playgoers have been called on to exercise of late in conuection with the problem plays. A fresh source of attraction will be tho appcaranco of Miss Faber aud Miis Temple in the " breeches" parts, which were formerly played by Mrs. Brough and Miss Brenda Gibson, both of whom are now in Londou, the latter having attained to the dis tinction of a place in Mr. Irving's company. There is no doubt that this play has had much to do with popularising the rational dress idea among females, and if all women who don the bifurcated garb could wear it with so much grace and delicacy, as the Bolturbet girls they would do away with a great deal of the masculine aversion that now exists. The Acting Governor, Lady Madden and suite will be present at the Princess's Theatre to-night. On Saturday next another new play will be pro duced, viz., The Importance of Being Ernest, by the author of An Ideal Husband. This is described as "a trivial play for serious people." A Sailor' Knot, with its strong naval- military flavor, exciting incidents of love nnd villainy and pictnrosquo scenery, will be repeated to-night at the Theatre lioyal and during tho coming week, when Miss Hilda Spong will make her final appearances as tho per secuted heroine of melodrama prior to joining the Brough-Boucjcault Company. On Saturday next a new and attractive melodrama, Saved from the Sea, will be protluoed for the first time in Australia, and it will serve to in troduce Miss Elizabeth AVutson to the Mel bourne public as tho leading lady of tiie Bland Holt Company. Great interest is being taken in musical circles with respect to the coucert to be hctd at the Bijou Theatre this evening, when Professor make his only appearance in the land o'f his birth. Horr Kruse will bo -hoard as a soloist in two complete concertos — those by Beethoven and Mendelssohn— in whioh the accompani ments aro to be supplied by Professor Marshall Hall's orchestra; aud ho will also play the adagio from Spohr's ninth concerto and AVicni- awski's Polonaiso in A Tho orchestra will play "Wagner's Siegfried Idyll, and Madame AViedermann is to contribute a couple of songs. Tho demand for seats has been almost u&prcco; dented, so that those who intend being prcnent will do well to book places early. A number of changes will bo made in the pro gramme of the Oxford Theatre to-night. The recent ghost scaro is to be turned to account in au amusing manner, nnd among the new artistes who will contribute to tho programme will be Miss Bell Ponsonby, Mr. Fred Garnot, tbe dummy clown ; Franks. nnd AVilliams, acro batic comedians ; aud Miss Mabel Harding, who is said to be a clever whistler. A very attractive programme is advertised for presentation at the Opera House to-night, when tho performances of the various artistes will undergo considerablo change. Mr. Larry Doolcy has become a great favorite. An entertainment will be given by tbe pupils of the St. Kilda Hcbiow School on Thursday evening, the 15th iust., in tbe new town lmll, St. Kilda, when tho pretty operetta Red Rid ing Huod will be performed. A large number ot attiactic items appoar on the programme, In cluding tableaux vivants, fancy dancing by Mrs. Green's pupils, and vocal and instrumental selections by favorite artists. The mayor and councillors of St. Kilda have kindly extended their patronage. The Federal Minstrels will appear this even ing in a new progiarnme at the People's Coucert in the Temperance Hall. 