"Br H. ?r. WELIJS, In the"h,IIMali Budget/1 _ eie was a fiietndl ] dieplayonSonSJiBea Gommolit ""t tur Wildfcrspin and; anotherzna^atall man. whose name I forgot. The day had been hot and close and the night | was owbrPksfc.Butthis was all the better ft* the fireworks. ^Fhe fun had already began. A big rockcft j Went hissing up, and buret into a clolid of pink and green sparks that vanished as they 1 . drifted down. We heard the people hum. The crimson flare of a Bengal light followed, and the frameworks upon which the transpar encies were to appear dime suddenly ctit of { the darkness, and we saw the fafte and hands of a man in a blonse behind the litotes, blood-red in the glare. There WBE crowds of people, I dumld think all Portsmouth and fioirfb^ndfliegisBbr pari; of Jjudport j and Borteea must have turned out of doorej Ineversawsomatiy people on the Common beCora. inn of if>. the pavilion was outlined incool white light but it seemed alnuot dsseffted, and to the; left, a bhd squat mms, was Southsea OhUb. Against the sea-front of this one conld see the eea washing up in what looked like the ghosts ofbteaka^niale and unsubstantial they ? were compared wi»h Use xed glace. Then j .nddeslytluiltoiigal tight went out, and for a nunnteoneluulto fed. one's way fin the dark. ~We soon got among the people. Then was plenty of noise and stir, ofcourse; everyone Beemed moving andtaUong. In this oountry people seeiii to get quite courageous and talk ative after dark. There waslotsof pdasboat in light dresses, looking very pretty and mys terious in the dim -so we had to keep an eye on B&iley.; There waa ecucdjr any wind, and the^mokehnng about dose to the ground. It gave one a raefctllic taate in toe mo nth and no w|and thenset one coughing. It was all ; part of the fun. Eveiy now and then a rocket would go np with adinddmng rush, then per biria writhingandhissing flight of golden -serpents; crackers werebanging; they certain ly kept things brisk enough. I remember it .w as just before they set the transparencies going that I looted up at a big *ed rocket and etm the clouds all red above it, and driving fast across the sky. I recalled that after wards when the storm began. The transparencies were not altogether a] success. The middle one went off fitfully, and we got theback of the head and one ear or the Prince of Wales before any of the rest. The profile simply wonld not catch on. The bTg (a^ppweney to the right took on well, butffche shipto the left fizzled about the main mast. Somehow all this struck the seme of humour of the crowd, and they began cheer ing wildly. We could dimly see a chap dab bing at the figure's nose viHi a pole carrying ?- amateh. ... It was then thestormbroke. The thunder eeemed to fall right down npon us oat of the BhKffaStdn&Bne; time the, / ligbtsen£Bg,and sounded like a big gunfired <4ose tomyears. And never before or since Jiave l seeneuch lightnings It was brighter %haada.y. It mnst have been instantaneous, for not a soul on the Common stirred while it lasted, but it seemed to last an age. Z shall never target all that huge crowd of people agape in thatghastly li^fnd motionless. : v I enppoeethe thunder rembonted, but I k heaid nothing butthe first report. I stood IjPa minute in the blank darkness |^|;p^^prajee3edLI became awareagaiabf the nfrti. Prince of Wales aad of people atjthesky. Jind then, like a flash, cw» the )uuL There was a itir. People began tofumbhB j with umbrellas-those who had the fore- j thought tobringtben^and th&n;, home/said Ba%t sited we began ruttning, a&deVezy; otte round tee too, towards the tant houses at the back ofth6 Oommon. . I bhall never foTget Hut storm, even lor its ^ ova feats. Every moment the lightning ] winked and flashed and there seemed no Mid to the thunder. One clap trod on the tail of another. By the flushes one could ail that great flat Common alive with, people-little , black people-thousands of them-running. They were whooping and screaming, Mri Borne of the ladies reeled mp their drewee scandalously for better speed. U® tail pouring down upon them out of the height of the sky in ragged grey streamers. And the Ughtmne,. blinding white It was, with tt blue edge! Here and there Bhortetretchesof fence had been put acrofts footpaths to letthegrass grow again, andagainst tbeBe the people ran in the dart: and formed knots and eddies in the flood, for all the world like w«ter against a rock inarapid. luMbd us weee the transparencies still fitting away yellow and dim. liiepoSleaf dieliigfignslpd caught onatlaet* buthis hack waa bnrnt out. Ihe 8olenfc, boiliDg^uider the lull, and (he fiwto in the distance t» livid under the stamp. Wo ten soon drenched, though we. an hard. Somehow we had kept together. Ballsy had led us at firot, howling cheerfully, and with his faokst polled over huthead, until he j eclhded with one of those beastly little foot | highiwling. a^rpnt^gHM. tnrt That gave Wilderspin the Had, tod | made Bailey an indifferent fourth- Present ly we got out of thenmtofihe people. IV where we lodged was No. 6 Cholmon Parade, facing the sea. Of coutse most of the folks made for Hie throat wfone oroiher ofthe three gnat roadways that open upon the Common. The Oticfat era'Inn was Bimplygereed with people, and a crowd straggling outside. Now, as I Bay, Wilderspin had got the lead, and'evidently ment to faqi it For i my own part, I was out of breach and in- j clined to to'&lacken; my pace, but he courted ' a&wegot; near the house. The third man-I I forget hiB iiaini% hot I think it maftfor s orRneyer-^was running close behind me. I could hear the squash of his boots-for there was now half an inch of water on the ground -and fh kind of whooping as he panted. Then in the dim light of the street lamp I saw Wilderspin teacup the steps to the portico of a house. The lightning biased livid,^ and I saw the whole house distinct and brilliant. It wasthe wrong honee! It was an empty house, as one conM see by the blankness of lis windows, and I was aware, without clearly distinguishing what it was, thas something black hung over the stuccoed parapet above. Then I saw With a slight feeling of surprise thatfpie door was beginning to open in front of Wilderspin, and then came the darkness again. Iheatd the door slain. I gasped out something incoherent about my getting in first after all* and keeping in my chuckle at Wilderspin's misfaAp a better oppor tunity, endued up the steps to the door of No. 6 and hammered at ihe knocker. Hie other man was haxd on my heels, and then came Bailey panting. * What a sell for old Wilderspin ! ' said Bailey. «I suppose,' said I, < he's groping in the passage, wondering why'the deuce Ihe hull lamp is not lit.* We etood panting, and expecting evny upon the portico next to us. We were too breathless to talk. A oouple of minutoa | passed and our own door opened. | *He'e humbugging,' said the toll man;, iphollsnbtafa tolto*: j *C0H16 ^ i^CTgpin^ I *l!he tall man went in and rtood A%wg on the oilcloth in the halL 'Come along in uid Change/ he said. 'Sew mind Wilder Spin.* We heard the door of No 7 click sad dam again. .I*u> going after him/ nid Bailey. 'Bfe'i sueha (Jueftr chap.' He^sks my thought. Wildettpin was one of those odd,exdtalde fdkrtrs who nil start aft a shadow. X remember I scared him into a fit by quietly putting a head of barley in his ear in thecomas of a country walk. ftwKlunr,! coold not imagine 1dm willingly hiding in in empty house after oark. . Bailey made no more ado, hot clambered over into tbe portico of No 7. The lunuea, I may-mention, are part of a long feasace. i There axe steps up to each honee, Mid the doom come together in pairs* 'You will ring, air, when you we coming in/ cud the eernnt, a girl inclined to be im_ pertinent, as they often are in hoarding houses. With that she closed the door. I followed Bailey. Tkedoorof No 7 wasopening slowly and very quietly. Behind ittha gradually wife- j ning atrip of paseagewas Mack and rilent, except where the comer of the window light* ing the staircase down dam eonld he seen' clear and nela. W® heaitated* IV door vmmm. vw jww , www ............. became stationary, and .then, slowly closed agkin. I We loohadat one another, ' : The thing affected me aMndbowC9a) a trap. X hesitated. <Obnfomtd it V aH L "What ** there to be afraid of ¥ and flung the doer open. A flash of lightning lit the hall for -am instant. No*, one ean aee distinctly by a flash of lightning only when one has something ap* prnanhinc n dnflnifai biiiihi[i) inn of tbe thing to be seen. I aw the empty hall veiy clearly .ran to the darker patch on Hie «Mot^ | when the hatHrtiaxid had been, and the win dow to theetairoaae winked blade aa the rest ofthe things were iUmraina&ed.; But the black 111 tup nl.titH h-fl nffto me for * moment. ' r I pulled out aloofte wax vesta bom any pocket and struck ft. It blew ant. Balley cameinandshntthedooraffcerhhn, and J struck ssoAet. AU tira had happenedin silenee. Butas eoonas the match flared we hot& doted at once. *WaldeBBpiii, nnuD P said'what on earth's ' Be was in a land of sitting position, crou ched on 'the staircase, and jammed hand againsttbewnU. Bis head was turned to , wards something round the bend of the stair ease that we «ould not see. One hand was qptead against the wall beside him. He had not fainted, fan attitude was too teams, he was simply cowering away from something and staring at it. The match suddenly flared and wont oat. Then I heart a kind of moan, and something blundered towards me in the darkandclmost knocked no over. It gripped meconvnlstrely hy theeoat. I will confess X was nsnd hi Hie darkness, and then aal put up my hand to defend myself I knew it wee Wilderspin. *Oh!' he cried, *aave me! eayo mef His fright infected me. Bailey was frigh tened too, Ithink. He euddenly opened the street door, and out we all blundered, Wild enspin sobbing and clutching me. The door dammed. Then as wostood cm the doorstep itbegan to opefa again in that noiseless, ranster way it had. It was too ^ much for me, it was too mudh for alt of us. W^wwatdownihert^s in ahurry.' people under umbrellas were hntxying along theParade towarda us laughing. 'Let's take him m/ inid Bailey; Tie's been seared oat of iwwita.* I wiU admit I never took myeyep df the poriiBa of Mo 7 wtifc we w» oatnde Ko6. I don't quite know what I expected. We helped him npstassandeat him ob bis lied. It w no good Miring him qorSlionB. neHB^fMtoB Mm bedside mad shivered andstsxedin front af him. 3Hie fright seemed to have altered the expression of |j» face for good. Atlwt we determined to put some spook into him with brandy, bat it only made him worse. We pot him to bed and that eeemed toeoothe him better. fSresently he begin dying qcietly lor all the world like a *1 will go into So 7/ saidthe tali man, H£ anyone else will come.* 'Hang it,' said Bailey, 'I'd rather be der* oared by ghools than this eurioeify. I said I would come too. But we waited until Wilderqpin was asleep. I suppose it was about half past IX o'clock wewentout,andthingswere as quiet as midnight. We went up to the door of Wo 7. *Give me a mteh or two/ said the fall man. It made me joinp akbsst out of my show to hear a, voice in my ear anddenly. I toned had stolen up to usift those list-eo*e»d shoes of his. 'Whales (he little poer he said.soddenly blinding mewith his llffie'i something wrong in this ssfd the trilinan." The door was open. deliberately with his haten. *Hot~ yoir sort,' I think heesid. and <Utea wedt op' mrf Jit thehsU with his ta&tefen.; Slten thecircie of light oame roandtothrbpendobr. "Looks 'After Hu Isoppoee." ' He weutintb the Hall' and we quietly. 33u brilliant rasteady circle §»?* lantern proceeded him. ^Then he gave veist to a sdUaa 'Ugh f He was almost exactly wefound WilAenpin, and ithobaais of Wflisc spin's stare. 'Look/ lio sail to the bdl man. -. I lout think it is any use to what we saw. ' I suppose thst the liormri^thethingwas^ifriyiii-wlilAllie front of Hie ⅇ had been injored. X quite spin Jamping oat at him oat of the dark as the fightning flashed. *'' BoW»ct, there is no reason why one ribesdd descend to details. we saw St we d^t Bat the tall en Ihe dead roanwns one of* those- miserable thiefe who rob empty houses of their plumb ing and gaBfittrags.TO»ehonae had no lightning oondnctor, font abon it" was a flagstaff, stupidlytipped by a. gilt spearhead, and braced by sine wires instead of ropes. 1$ was the charred and splintered remains of this, I foond next day, that X had notieed above the parapet of the hoose. The flash of lightatfag-veiy probably it mm the fromthe Common-mnsfc have struck the flag- staff and then came streaming down the pwliliings, watnt^pipos, and deditttpathto the earth. Aborethe body, atttetam little ba * brass' handrail can down the ^ wall. - No «rithtiteee, when he wmvoMmfyWrtHk-'mtib of fiieroll of4Jmliving; r ? " Boor |WiilHfb was aaa had way for -many da^snd the ma if our holidaywent him. Bat there is less Hie always was persons :a*d excitable, send bo la still greater meaamre hi® . - _a 