SPORTING M Tho dentil is announced of Mr W. R. Wilson's famous brood tnare Nelly Moore. She was bred in England by 'Vloltigeur— Fickle, -and imported by Mr Stead to New Zealand; where she threw Locliiel. . She was also dam of Steadfast, Culloden, and Corinna. The deceased mare was ono of tho prizes 111 the St. Alban's .lottery, and whoever draws her name will receive £500 cash. Barney Whalley won the First Hurdle Race at Randwick on Rose stein, and was just about to have an interview with the judgo in the scoond 'stick'' event, when Rosestem turned turtle. ' Auirur's Ghost' savS' that Rising Sun was recently offered in Berrigan for £10, but failed to. find a buyer. How the mighty have fallen. Correze (by Newminster — Ouida) secured first champion, and Mr D. Cooper's special prizo in the blood stallion suction at the Royal Agricul tural Society's Show. That The Admiral still possesses plenty of pace was evidenced l-y his running in the Doncaster Handicap. Before a quarter of a mile had been covered he was a bad last, and as lie came through a big field and finished sixth it would seem that Mr Cook is likely to get another good race out of him. Mr Norman Wilson won with Kallara as well as Maroon on Easter Monday. A' subscription is being got up to ? erect a monument over the grave of Honry Cusdin. The hurdleracer Rosestem has been bought by Mr J. B. Clark. He goes into Mr R. II. Frew's stable. Four horses fell iu the City Handi cap at Randwick on Thursday. Jim Gough got badly shaken, and had his nose crushed. Laundress, the Newmarket victress, has returned to her owner's place in ? the Western District. Associate, the hurdleracer, has been blistered on the near foreleg by the vet, Mr Allon. A cable was received on Friday, stating that the Thermopylte, with ' Paris on board, had arrived at Graves end. Paris got through the voyage safely, and landed in good condition. At the sale of the Itirkham yearlings /on Wednesday, Coir, it full brother to Cobbitty, was bought for 1000 guineas pn behalf of Mr W. Bailey, ofBallarat. During this season The Indian has ?won nine races and run n dead hoat. He has also run four seconds. The Victorian jockeys, Wise, ? Shrirapton, and Scobie, rode at the Onkaparinga meeting without being licensed. The S.A.JC. committee have decided to communicate with Mr Yon Doussa, calling on him to explain why they were allowed to ride, and also to call upon the nominators of the horses to show cause why they should not be dealt with under rule 199, which ? provides the imposition of a fine not exceeding £25. The Actress statted a very hot favorite for the Steeplechase at Onka ? paringa ; £1,271 was put on her in the - totalisator, while there was only £531 on Dondi. There was £84 entrusted to Waterloo. ' There were only four starters for the Port Fairy Handicap on Monday, but three of them ran a dead heat for first place. i Mr D. Greenway has appealed against the decision of the Epsom stewards in disqualifying him over the running of Upshot. Newman is an unlucky as well as an unreliable horse. He was badly ridden in the Cumberland Stakes, or would have given Havoc a good go. For a mile and a half he had his head sawed off, and when he was let go he got blocked twice in trying for an open ing, finally finishing well on the out side. Although Patroness won the Cup at 20 to 1, siie was cut out in all the doubles. Delaware and Patroness was gone everywhere, and some of the ? little men who deal in doubles have been soling and heeling their cash boxes since Tuesday. Tlio Hon. W. Long, so it is stated, invested only half-a-sovereign on Patroness in the Sydney Cup, which . shows that the stable were not ? enamoured of her chance. A Sydney sporting writer says that it is supposed that Quiver shied at the new watch tower, which accounted for lier not being nearer to Cobbitty at the finish of the Leger. Tiwoona must have made remarkable time for the last half of the ?Doncaster Handicap, as when the field had travelled three furlongs aud a half she was interfered with, and dropped back third last. The number of longths she was behind Delaware and Yanitas . then it would bo hard to estimate, but .'- at the least 'it must have been a dozen, so as she finished within a length of the winner, she must have put up a re cord half mile. Tlio run must havo taken a lot out of her, judging by her showing -in the Flying Handicap on Easter Monday, as on that occasion she was unable to show anything liko the same brilliancy. The full sister .to the flying Phara mond, Georgic, ran the mile in the All Aged Stakes at Randwick in 1.41, at the same timo lowering the colors of Wallace. This is a remarkably fast go for: a two-year-old, carrying 7st. ' Georgic won easily^ The . heavy going, combined with his 8.12, effectually stopped The Harvester in tho Cup. But it must not bo for gotten that he was the only one of tho top weights to make a decent showing. If Nobleman could learn to stay, what a racehorse he would be. Ho shows any amount of pace. 5 . The Grand Flaneur horse, Hop {coitcb, is looking exceedingly well, and may run forward in the near future. , The Possible has shown symptoms of lameness again. Ruenalf ran well at the A.J.C. meeting considering that he was back ward in condition and very sore. ?' A: Carbine (illy failed to reach tho resenva of 75 gns placed on her at the fldes. 