THE MELBOURNE CUP. ci. GLANCE AT THE COMPETITORS. 'What Should 'Win. An Opinion. ' Yeu never know until the numbers eo up,' is one of the truest eayin-9 uttereiTby the sporting tongue. Especially ia the case of the Melbourne Oup is thiB verified, for we have qply to look back at past Oup races to see the names of horses enrolled on the book of lame whicli, oerore the events, were con considered only to have ghosts of chances until the great races were all over and won. Last year, Patron won . in good Btyle, although he was generally believed to stand no chance with the lightly-weighted liuenalf. The year previous ninety-nine people ont of every hundred were surprised with the news that Glenloth was the winner, hat in 1891, when Malvolio was first, and in 1890, Carbine's year, tbe public were exube rant, as both horses were general favorites, especially Carbine, the eqaine {let of Austra lasia. This year thirty-nine horses were left in after the last acceptance, and of these, maybe four or five will not tace the starter. Havoc holds place of honor with 9st 101b, and, although he may start, a shaky leg, which has given trouble on the hard, dry going, is sufficient to excuse one for leaving him. The Admiral, with 9st 51b, is worth more than a passing word. From opinions of real good judges, he was never in better condition, nor more fit to raoe. Only a month or two ago he won a treble from good horses, oarrying such thumpers as 9st 91b, lOst 41b, and lOst 91b, and for which he incurred a penalty 'of 51b. For gameness and staying abilities, . there will be few better horses looking through bridles next Tuesday, and with only moderate luck (for there 1b a lot of luck wanted to win a Melbourne Cap) it is a pound to a pin Ur. Cook's horse will be in the first half-dozen. Brockleigh, the mysterious Newcastleite, has fist 51b. All sorts of rumors have been afloat about this horse and his split hoof. I think the split hoof is a bit of a bogie, and when hia name was scratched for the A.J.O. DpriDg OlccUDgt IS WftS Onlfig lu &U; nvCIQODti He put his foot into a pall of scalding v?atei ; his work was stopped,, but he got welly and w&e; put into work again for the Gup* He has gone over tbe border, and although the louts vote him lusty, they may meet with a surprise, for Parker Is not sending the Goldsboroughtborse ovdl to tun for nuts. Hopscotch, by hie Epsom win, incurred a 101b penalty, and carries 9et on Tuesday. His running at Caulfield broke tbe hearts of many of his followers— also their faith. A week before tbat race, (- Hopscotch oan't : lose ' was everlastingly flung at one. But he could. Distance found him ont, w&b; the general verdict. Those that like to believe in the Melbourne Cnp. Devon, the unfor tunate of twelve months ago, carries Sst 131b. Three seconds in three Onps— Caulfield, Melbourne, and WilliamBtown— were enough to aggravate a King-street anti-tote runner. Last . March he won a. race of a mile and a half with Sst 91b in good time, and since then his mission has been to ready for next Tuesday's event. He is as game as a pebble, and should he win, bi6 name will be hailed With pleasure by every true sportsman in the 