DRAMATIC iNOTES. Active preparations are in progress for the Christmas pantomimes at both the Princess's and the Theatre Royal. Scenery is being painted and dances are in rehearsal. Those who are still moarning the Gaiety Company will be in some measure consoled to know that Miss Madge Rossell, who has stayed behind, will appear in the Princess's panto mime. Miss Marie Luella is engaged for tbe Royal. The Brough-Boucicault Company have been doing well, as they deserve to, at the Auckland Opera-house, where "An Ideal Husband" was the latest production. The company go next to Wellington, and are doe in Christehurch on December 5. At Christ mas time they intend to occupy the Lyceum, Sydney. On October 28 the Bland Holt Company, after a highly remunerative Dunedin season, opened at the Theatre Royal, Christehurch, with " The Span of Life." This season will last a fortnight only—a short oneindeed con sidering the number of the company and the enormous amount of scenic material Mr. Bland Holt takes witlrlitm on his travels. " In Old Kentucky," -the play in which Messrs. Williamson and M nag rove's Dramatic Company are appearing at the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, is now closing the second week of its run and still drawing well. At Her Majesly's Theatre Mr; Alfred Dampier has opened in " Robbery' Under Anus," mounting the piece welL Messrs. IL Plimmer, 1L Hudson, and, of course, Miss Lily Dampier are among lids company. The Fitzgerald Bros.'entertaknnent and "The Land of the Moa" at the Theatre -Royal are the other principal Sydney, attractions this week. - • In his latest revival of " Macbeth " at tbe London Lyceum Sir Henry Irving banished the ghost of Banqhb from the banquet scene. The only thing ithat deooted tbe supposed presence of Hiespectre :Lto " the audience was ajtleam o| lightupon the ygcantchair. The effect is said to have been admirable. Accordinff to present intentions 41 Mark Tw&im;"*d thfecl<>se ot his New Zealand tour, will visit |dauritias and South Africa, and get badc tb the States after just a year's absence. : A seoontl volume of The Tramp Atirogdls to be the result. TUe telegr&ph; muddle in Yu'estejrn Australia |S; thti8 criticised hy Mr. Michael Davilt in AustralianOne bin not go to •Ckwdgariiie or Hann.-tii's antlsee the litem! white slavery of the employes, working for small Wages in tin; sweltering hear from topming till night with scarcely my inter mission, without feeling tlie deepest possible Sympathy for tiiem una placing the blame oil -other than their shouiilers. Why another wire cannot he erected in a month or two seems to nw i n co n j p rd i enalbte. The poles nreewcted, that is to ®iypiltign of the work is already dowi: apjjgkts to be pecossaiy is to ge|; ihc p^ftite<j[a;vn|i^ ; of . wire, the nedeasary number of workmett, * and douMe the win; Eetvkve in as short n'' time as posstlfk'i It is roally absurd to see bnsineEs niepsctiding wires from Osplgardie -to Tertli -on Tncsday ortdlinfl tbavtwy aitt :;n.. r-^ir: 