{ ^Nroji't quite&nowiiow; it was,J)at my Iovj| I imrftprith Ma^lpbhatterton satisfied my a£T ppSBI^f^iEhai fort ofthing ft>t& long I», f that I became a wptn&n; H^tercr ^nyJSbingibf that iipd, nprsVea that, it maae me abit t>f a misanthrope. Nothing of tbpfcfpiL; Sgffjpt f?#: men do, yon know, who stay in the Service Jong enough—I was wall tjff, and had never apentmy income since I fimt had control of, it, and I mast say I had an uncommonly good^ time, take itallround. I bad never exactly regretted my bachelor state, tfaongh I know thtitif I bad married Marian I should have been a good and faithful husband to her. But, yon see, I did not marry Marian, <or rather Marian did not, oonld not, if yon will, marry me ; and somehow, I never saw any one else that {wanted to marry, so at eight and thirty I found myself by a train of lucky circumstances in command of my regiment, and still an eligible bachelor. I was not let to forget that I was eligible; oh, dear no. You see I was in oomtnand, I was tolerably good-looking, I was tioh, and I had a very decent soldiering record behind me—these thingsall tell with the women,!and perhaps it is not to be wondered at. But, in' epite of it all, I never felt like marrying any ofthem^ It happened that I came up from* Aldershot for few days in town. The regi-' mental dinner was the excuse which first I brought me, and my own inclination was the' reason Which kept me. I don't know that I ' ever enjoyed a few days in town more. Yon | Bee, Aldershot isn't exactly' a little earthly paradise, and I had had a pretty long spell of it. The weather was fine, too, and hostesses were giving evening garden parties, and their gardens were all lighted up with strings of littleoil lamps, and the cooks were at their wits* end to think out new and appe tising dishes that would bear icing. Yes, hut, In spite of the heat, London certainly, was a pleasant change after Aldershot. j And at night I went to a theatre, not being engaged for dinner, though I was doe at (several evening shows afterwards. I went to the Lyceum, and was lucky enough to find a stall hear the middle of the fourth row, and Ellen Terry, looking ber brightest and loveliest, as Beatrice in " Much Ado." And in the interval which elapsed between1 the first and second acts I looked up idly at < the boxes on the first tier, and saw right above me—Marian Chatterton. I most admit that my heart almost jumped into my mouth, and some minutes passed be fore I could summon up courage to look again. And when I did I saw that sue was looking at me with the gaze of an utter stranger, ana I realised that if that was indeed Marian Cbatterton time during the past twenty years mnst have stood still. Yet the likeness was almost ludicrous, it was so strong. I watched for a chance when the lady was not looking my way, and then J put up my opera-glass and scrntiniaed'her closely. It was not my Marian;; oh.hd.'but a quiet yonng girl of not more than nineteen, or twenty at most She 'was unlike Marian, too, in some ways, though so atrildngly like her on the whole. For instancy , she struck me as bring of slightly smaller build, and her ears were of a different' type altogether. Ears are a very favourite study of mine, and I never mistake an ear when ! have once fairly seen it And the yonng lady in the box had certainly not Marian's earn. Af ter the next act I went oat, partly with an idea of finding refreshment suitable to the hot night, and partly to see if there was any one that ! kuew in the house. I found both, for while I was disposing of the one, Jack Villieis came hp and slapped me on the back, saying : "My dear old chap, I haven't seen you oirice* we werft at Chbul together." You know bow men who have nol* seen each other fdra long time talk. Well, that was how. Jack and I talked We asked eaqh .quier if we were married, and. both, cf jus.pooh-poohed the idea, as if we i^beeh pla .veterans "of seventy, wedded to our-club windows n»d our rubber of aiteven ing. And thm we hhd anotherdririk to gether,.for iheuake of old rimes, and oannted up the, p^rades-who had gone oyer to the grMtm&iuritov; and then we went lack to our places, and gjfve our attention to. tUe play ; again. Ou my word, I had almost foi'gotten i thegiri in the bcuc ahoye, who reminded me soBto^^lycfJtatian Chatterton. . Frit hit tfaqw of the sctshe cam? hack to me Igqlp, 'fortoqk .advantage of my neighbour's goiiyi out to come in and sit downbesideme^udwe took upour msver-' aathmiUBtwhere we bad kftitoff at the tHWinmrtg cfShelastiLCt. ' "% % Any mow here to-night?" I asked, ct^cieajly of |m, : ^ .■ i-TVOne^'Or-^wo." he replied. , "It's aB tonnmngWough liow soon a man gets for gotten. .iFbey^gay like* dead man out of. mindibut^ do^ntmeed to he dead to bB outof miud nowadays." - . „" Tru§," eatd Jj " but tell me, who do you Bjowhae#*^ f-. : ^ There's a Mrs. Smith ers a couple of rows behind ua." he replied, in a mysterious whisper, hut as I don't want to go and , speak to her, I have not looked At her and. she has not had ^n jdea that i have ever seen her. And there Are some people I know in a box fast above," jerking hiB head back. I followed the direction of the jerk with my eyes. " You don't mean" the fciri in the blue frock 1" I asked rather breathlessly. " Yes, one of them has a blue dress on,' he answered stolidly. "I've been looking at her/'X said, by way of excuse for having noticed her at all. " What w her name r " Miss Gordon," he replied. The name conveyed nothing to me. I had thought it just within the hounds of pos sibility that she might, prove to be Marian's daughter; hut the name of Gordon quite knocked that notion oh the head, for she had married a man with a name lite M'Kenrie. 1 rather fancy it was M'Kenzie. " She's a pretty girl," said Villiera, in a de liberate vote. " And a very nice girl, too. Would you like to know her? Because if you would, ril take you up to her box with pleasure. She is with Laay Cecil Palliser, whom I know very well indeed." X accepted this invitation with alacrity, and we went up to the box together. There he presented me to Lady Cecil, whom I could have done very well without knowing, and to. Marian's ghost, Miss Gordon. I found the resemblance to my old love still more striking during the few minutes that I was able to talk to her before the cur tain went np again, and I could have blessed old Jack right heartily when he said to her in a half whisper, "I ato coming to call on Mrs. Gordon to-morrow. May I bring my old friend with me?" "Why, surely," ahe cried delightedly^ " Mother will be enchanted to see you, and your Mend also. But why this sudden cere momousness?" I did not hear what Jack said in reply, bnt, as we walked along the corridor together, he remarked, "That is as nice a little girl as I know." " I should quite think so," I returned. " 2 snppose you are not thinking of " Jack turned and looked at me. "Think ing of making np to Phyllis Gordon," he repeated, "No, my dear chap, I certainly am not." I passed it off as a joke, and then we separated, going our different ways. So her name was Phyllis, was it? And a dear little sweet-sounding name it was. It suited down to the ground. I met Jack Villiers by appointment; in fact, we lunched together at the Bag, after which we went on to Green street, where the Gordons lived. He seemed to be quite at home in the house, for he greeted the servant who opened the door with a friendly, " Well, Sommons, how does the world use you?" Sommons replied, with a respectful grin, and took charge of our persons as if we were something that might get lost in the journey from the hall door to the drawingroom. And then he opened the door of that apartment and announced in a loud voice, "Colonel Villiers and Colonel Starkey." What followed almost knocked me into the middle of next week. For out of the subdued ; and churchlike gloom which is the fashion] for London drawingrooma there came to' meet us my old and first love, Marian Chatterton. The meeting was a dreadful shock to me. I may as well confess it at, once. I knew her again, of course. It is only in story-bookB thnt a man meets an old love after a few yearn, and does not know her from Adam. I should have known her any-, where; at least, I think so. But time had; certainly not dealt gently with her; in fact, time bad been top generous altogether, for she'must have weighed at least fourteen stone. She met me with a tender air of re cognition, and at once reverted to our old friendship, without: any attempt at conceal ment. " Yes.dariing," she said to Phyllis when she came across the room, " take Colonel Villiers and give him some teal Colonel Starkey and pare eld friends and will chat here a little while together." Then, as Phyllis carried Villiers off, she turned to rue and said; " Well, and how has the world Used you sinoe last we met?" - - " I roust confess that I have had more than my deserts " I admitted. • .. "Ah, yes,I read all the aooounts of your successes," pbe murmured in a low voice. "Ifelt so prbud to think that I hadjrihfwgt you, ybeh I read how you had won the Vio toria Cross." "Ob, it was nothing," X said, with an uneasy wriggle, for, alter all, what man can sit stilt ana calmly hear a woman talking about ah incident which, all said and done, was more or lesB of an accident ? Not I, for one. "No, no, the Victoria Cross never is any thi^ to those who have wom it," she paS, " I qniteonderstand, Charlie." •»$••• She called meCbarlie ia quite an ordinary way, and, somehow, I did wish die would not be quite so reminiscent or so friendly. To avoid anyfurtber remark about myself, I tdnnged headlong into another topic of con versation. ■' 1 «w ■ s, "Your daughter Is very like «w," I remarked. I tried hardto say Mrs. Cordon, but, somehow, the words would not come, they fairly stock in my throat. ~ ■ "Ycb, everybody says that Phyl ia very like ma I always Say very like what I was onoe. You find me appallingly altered, don't you?" She looked at me in ah appalling kind of way, and I—Well, after all, I am only human, I am only man, and I murmured something of a nan-committing nature to the effect that she was a.little Btoator than she had been when I had known berTbefore. She smiled, and looked down, and I could have killed myself for being each en IdioL How ever i conldlnot undo what had been said, and I ventnred on another subject. "1 had no idea thatyon were here—at least, I mean that I had no idea that I was being brought to-see yon to-day. 1 quite bad an idea that your married name was M'Kenzie." " So it was," she replied, "bat we.had to take the^name of Gordon to inherit some •" An<f Mr.—er—Mr. Gordon—I hope he is well r 1 asked, rather diffidently. " Ob, my husband has been dead several years," she replied, in a perfectly matter-of fact tone. If Bhe had only wept a little or even lowered her eyes, it would not have been so bad; but she pretended nothing, and - evi dently the demise of the late Mr. Gordon* if it had ever been a grief to her, had long ceased to he a trouble to her. The situation was really a serious one for me. And the worst of it all was that I admired Phyllis more end more with every minute that wait by. She asked me presently if I would like a cap of tea, and on my Baying yes—for„I would cheerfully have accepted a cup of cold poison at that moment if it would have got me off that sola and away from those terrible reminiscences of the past—the past which had been all a mistake. We went across the room together and stood near the little tea-table at which Phyllis was presiding, and as we stood there waiting while she poured out our tea, I caught a glimpse of our presentments in a long looking-glass, which filled the space be tween two of the windows looking into the street below. Was it possible that Mrs. Gordon was only three years older than me ? That was what she had said long ago; but, to look at her now, anyone might reasonably believe that she was at least a dozen years my senior. True, I was a young- looking, man for my eight and thirty years, and Bhe one of the oldest-looking women I had ever seen for only three years older than that, " So you have met Colonel Starkey before," said Villiers, in his cheery tones. Mrs. Gordon sat down on the nearest seat, taking the cop which Phyllis had poured out for her. " Yes," she said, with a smothered | sigh. " We knew each other ever so long : ago. We we quite boy and girl together. It makes me feel horribly old to think how long ago." So it did me, only I could not very well say so. Yes, it did make me feel old to be told that we had been hoy and girl together. I could not say anything, because it was absolutely true. We had been boy and girl, though then Bhe had been careful to tell me that she was years and years my senior. And if that had been a bit of a stretch, she certainly was three years older than I was. She had owned np to three yetus. And as we went away from the pretty house, Villiers dug a facetious finger into my ribs, and told me I was a sly dog and no mistake about it. I could have kicked Villiers at that moment with the greatest of pleasure. - The next day I had a* note from Mrs. Gordon, asking me to go and dine and do a theatre with them. She added that she had asked Villiers also, and said that I was to be sure to let no other engagement stand in the way of it. I went; well, yes, the fact was I really could not resist the chance of seeing Phyllis again, although I knew that the past, and I was afraid also the present, Btood between us, and that seeing her would not do me the smallest good, ratner the contrary, in truth. Still, I went, and I saw Phyllis again, and went back to my hotel with the pleasant knowledge that I was desperately in love for the vcisf. first time in my life, and that the leaves of my first love were dead, dead, dead, and lay full of sadness and melancholy between my heart and me. 