MINYIP. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Since last writing we have had some very acceptable showers. The heavinst fall as yet (Saturday) occumred on Sucnday evening, 14th inst., wiCen we alro experienced what nmay be fitly called a perfect galeof wind. Quite a chapter of accidents occurred in our neiglhborhood this nii.Itlh. In addition to the lire mentioned in your last and the accident to Mir. Sleep's Loy, a daughter of Mr. I. Toole, a farmer living abont three miles from Minyip, whilst climbinvg over a fence fell, breakin;g her arm. lTie little girl, who is only alnout 5 years old, wat at once broughtl into Minyip an alttelided to iy Dr. Naylor. Anotlher accident of a more dangerouas inture lhappc;:edl to tile little daughter of Mr. John Lynueh, of Kewell Eo. as, on Tuesdaly last. The child accidently got hold of some .sodl: lye in liquid fornm and drank ta sain;ll prtio of it. The effects "lwhich it proldced on the mnothl and throeit led tile parents to fear tie resulie. They therefore lIrouglht ler in to the doctor who did what Ie coell to prevent setious results and site is now, I LIlieve, progress ing favorably. Somne of our prominent men waited on the Clmnmtlisioners of Railways on Slaturday last with a view to advance thie claims of our town withl regard to a post office. As a great deal of busines is transacted at our cflice it is to lie hoped that thie Government will eee its way clear to leave it where it is instead of removing it to the railway station, as is at present contemplated. Monday. We are having a novelty this morning in the form of a pretty heavy fall of snow-the first we have ever seen in Miiyip. Two dasltrdly attempts are reported to hlave been maido to poison the shearers at the Bowen I)owns station (Q). On the first oc casion eight men were poisoned, and t on the second 40,and but for prompt action several would have died. It is believed that strychnine was put into the meat and' sago puddings. Human beings eontortinog them selves in al shapes constitute scenes at the station beyond description. One death has already occurred. \--- The mysterious disappearance of the inter-island trader,Tle Sea Ghost, with two British subjects on board, is reported from the Solomon group. 'The Sea Ghost went up the Bouganville Straits .trading several months ago, and up to the time the Chittor sailed from Sydney nothing had been heard of either the vessel or her crew. A trader has reported having picked up wreckage, which was supposed to be from The Sea Ghost. He believed that the crew, had been mtnrdered by the natives, the vessel being looted and then cast ashore to hide all traces of the murder. \--- Mer. Justico Hood, in passotg sentetce at the Ceotral Crimlinal Court oil Friday, said his experience was that more than half the caitue on itlted in iho communuity was due to excessive drilking. 