TH DJCEO AT T iFO0h CORIERS,. ["LUDGA'IE MONTHLY."] - (CHAPTER IL--CONTINUi1 t? Old Man looked round upon his neighbours with the air of one who had been magnanimous under cir cumstances where magnanimity was the last thing to be expected. . The Reverend Arthur turned to Sally, who, with flashing eyes and pointed revolver, still stood at bay, covering Old Man in a manner which evidently caused that worthy a little uneasiness. " Put it down, Sally-put it down," he urged gently. "Them things has a way of goin' off when folk ain't used to 'em. You'd better be carefuL" " If it do go off," said Sally, with the cheerful directness niich was one of her most prominent characteristics, "you bet your boots, Old Man, that it will hit something." Old Man looked uneasy, as he stood out from" the group of his friends, and the torchlight shone on Sally's shining Sf iCe dOeS a :', na!y,' said p-,icruic), I :.N*- ',a tI s"A'e't 1e able to bet ibmlltlt a''. It hlo' sorter -illd an' ,;uiiyl~ikct tI be o.. : 1 this ii:le t:' i:ig . : , i '. ,';' ..ete r aliru ;Y':; r: ,ain" for "-Ikey irtll nave} ,ue..e t:, toi i tend to his own remains," retorted the wrathful Sally, "as well as yours. if you don't stop this foolishness. Now,' you just clear out, and get the right man-if you can see straight enough to know him." This ungenerous allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on the part of Old Man touched him on the tenderest point "Seein' as how you're gittin' real onlandylike an' personal," he said gently-" Seein' as how you're gittin' real onladylike an' personal, Sally an' ai'nt no consideration for the feelins of them as brought you up, I ain't goin' to have nothin' more to do with this yer business. I resign. I've bin a member of the Committee for over forty years, an' now you comes an' in sults my grey hairs." Sally laughed recklessly. " I meant your squint, Old Man, not your grey hairs. Eh, what ?" The Reverend Arthur had again plucked at her sleeve. " Don't bother me. I must keep my eye on Old Man, or he'll be trying to rush us. He's as trust worthy as a crocodile." The leader of the Vigilants came forward Irresolutely. " If you wasn't a parson -," he began. Then he stopped. "Promise to say nothin' about this an' we'll drop it." The Reverend Arthur hesitated. "He'll promise," said Sally, cheer fully, "or if he won't I'll be answerable for him.' Hadn't you better be off after Jake ?" "That's it," said Old Man admir ingly, and immedlatey sinking all questions as to'his own blood-thirsty proclivities. "Seein' as how we've settled matters amikerably I don't row, Parson, an' we'll go on with 'Baptismal Regeneration' an' smoke a pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for the Bush an' see if you kin git on the trail of that skunk. I'll take the land in' place an' try to plug him if he ain't crossed. Good night, Parson. It's real chilly, Sally. Your father, bein' an official, couldn't stop for the hangin'. You'd better go home too an' study up on the impertations you've cast on someone as shall be nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he kin see a deal further'n you." Sally nodded a gay good-night to the men as they filed through the narrow doorway of the store. Woman-like, she had not thought of the construc tion which the Reverend Arthur might put upon her intervention on his behalf. Beneath the ardent glance of his shining eyes her own drooped as he sought to possess himself of her har and ti}ank her. nlm goln- uwu'e, ne sa labrtl uptly ' Don't you know better than to ex pect me'to stay here all night talking to you." . " But, Sally, if you hadn't cared for me," he began. Sally tuirned upon him with rising and illogical indIgnation. "See here, is this anyway to talk ? Because I've been unladylike enough to save your life," she said, dropping 'the revolver on the ground, regardless of consequences, "you expect me to be in love with you. Men are always so ungrateful, so--so unreasonable." She gave a sniff and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up the revolver. "That's enough, Sally. I don't mean to distress you," he said softly. What ever my own fate may be I shall think only of your happiness. Always re member that. Don't you think -it would be safer if I took the cartridges out of this revolver ? Sally began to smile through her tears, the rising ghost of laughter in her eyes. "N-n-no, I d-d-d-doni't," she sobbed. " It-it-it wasn't 1-1-i-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afraid they'd f-f-find out I was bluffing them. Old Man, who- had lingered behind the others in the doorway, came for ward reproachfully. "It's playin' it low down on a man as has dandled you on his knee to go an' bluff him like that," he said; "but I'll forgive you, Sally, if you take back what you said about my squintln'. I'm thinkin' of Smarrin' agin an' it might git round. A cross-eyed man don't git no show now adays, specially with widders:' Sally held out- ner hand with a rip p ling burst of laughter good to hear. "I take it all back, you bloodthirsty old monster," she said merrily; "but if anything happens to him," she looked at the Reverend Arthur, who turned red and white beneath her amused glance, "I'll hold you responsible;" and she fled into the night. Old Man gazed after her with a sar castle glance. "Seein' as how she's a woman," he said, "she ain't account able, Parson, she ain't accountable. If you ain't sleepy you'd better come home with me an' But the Reverend Arthur had slipped through the doorway and dis appeared. Though a charitable man, even his charity had limlits, and he was in no mood to discuss theological points with one who had been clamor ing to hang him a few minutes ago. Old Man looked after him in an in jured way. "An' that's the man as I've wrastled with on doctrine till he's Sable to floor all them 'Hill' folk ! Why, It's disgustin'; that's what it is, dis he ain't got no more manners 'n a hog. gustin' ! You'd expeck .better style Sfrom a catfish, an' not be disappointed neither." -He cut himself an ample chaw of tobacco and wandered home through the grim, grey dawn, brushing against .-the-wet branches' of the pine as they flung their resinous fragrance in his face. "Thar ain't no fun goin' nowa days," he grumbled, disconsolately. "'I was most forgettin' that fellow Jake." His manner brightened, and he hurried down to the landing place on the chance of geting a pot-shot at that worthy, but in vain. The darkness had mysteriously swallowed up Chil vey Jake. Only once again was he to revisit the Four Corners-only once again ; but then his coming would be attended with the majesty and terror of thile gaunt king whose name Is Death, and who speaks not neither' maketh any sign, but breathes upon us for a little space, until we become as the leaves whirling before the blast, itoind are blown and driven hither and thither from out of the Land of Life into the Valley of Darkness and De spair, and whence l Man cometh not until the sound of the Last Trump shall call the sheeted dead from out the tomb. - J. CHAPTER ill. " A PLAGUE ON BOTH YOUR' HOUSES." Public opinion began to run very: strongly against "The Hill" people' when it was rumored at the Four Corners that, in defiance of all the un written laws of the neighborhood, they had refused to stir one step In aiding the Vigllants to recapture' Chilvey. Jake. although that 'worthy was sup posed to be in hiding at the;parental farm until he could be smuggled safely across the Canadian frontier. The contention of "The Hill" people was that the summary action of the Vigi lants had-wiped- out all moral-obliga tion which they, as a community, might feel to hand over Chilvey Jake for punishment. If the Four Corners folk had chosen to take the law into their own hands,and then fail:l tocarry it out. the " matter' had -icome to a legitimate end. Even the question of compensation-to the widowed mother of 'Linh Fuller 'could not now be en tertained. ' As a matter of courtesy and good feellng, however, "The Hill" folk were willing to subscribe five hun dred dollars., This.. amount the widowed -mothesl's representatives in dignantly.refised, witlltre sipificant statement that they ?ti?trl r?ill "The Hill" in'a body and "t'ling up" those nccomnplished'roirnaments .of society, Mr and Mrs Jake, senior. A little hang in*, tey hinted.-.wonld soon deter mine the ,whir?about- of the cold! blow.'le mnu.lrller'r who had shot an in rffeUsieVO tllo;w-creature from llcri'e lust Of ;i:.u.. ar. '!h only possible reijoinder to ti-, :t. ,i lsuitic:nt r hin';t from "Thle lini' Tf;.ik thai thy; would prefer, If possible, that the matter should remain over unitil after their annual dance, as in the event-of an invasion, many influential mem bers of the Ball Committee might be obliged to miss the fun, and, conse quently, would feel embittered against their former friends. The Four Corners' folk were much touched by this appeal to their gene rosity, and the probability is that the Chilvey Jake episode' would have died a natural death had it not been that. in defiance of all precedent and custom, after the Four 'Corners' folk had un dertaken not to molest " The Hill " people on the night of their ball, the usual Invitations requesting the presence .of the leading people of the . Four Corners were not forth coming. As the ball at " The Hill" had been talked of for months this was a slight which could not be passed over in silence. The affront was too gross, too offensive,anud was taken to mean an unmistakable desire on the part of "The Hill " folk for a separation of all those pleasant bonds of friendship whlch;, in spite of occasional difficillties,'had so long sub sisted between the two towns, even to getting their supply of whisky from the same sources. It was not as if the difference had arisen from a worthy cause. The slaying of an insignift cant youth, when life was .so lightly esteemed, could scarcely be'accounted an adequate reason for the discon tinuance of social courtesies. To add to the-bitterness of the whole affair. a rumor went round that Sally Wrong had been seen walking with Pete Har rison, one of the leading spirits of "The Hill" Ballroom Committee. That Pete should have dared to show himself near the Four Corners at all during a a crisis of this nature argued an incre dible recklessness. The Four Corners' folk had made up their minds that as Sally had saved the minister from hanging, It would be' a very mean thing on her part not to marry him and cause the diminutive cleric to wish that Lynch Law had been per mitted to run its course. Under the circumstances, it was felt that the matter was one calling for public in tervention Either Pete. Harrison should be shot or the Parson must marry Sally. Publicfe intervention, how ever, In the form 'of a representative mingling of age and wisdom as a deputation to approach Constable Wrong on the subject, was. met by Miss Sally herself, and routed with Ignominy. "If 'you're so upset at not being asked to ' The.Hill" d neo_- taafr wnt. -w eu me one wih tie parson," tnat perverse but beautiful being remarked, with her customary vigor and a sus picion of heightened color in her'fair cheeks, "you'd better give one, too; it is time you did something to prove.your selves men instead of idiots who want to lynch innocent people. No wonder 'The Hill' boys wouldn't have any of you on the premises. At this unnatural, unpatriotic, and uncalled-for rebuke, Old Man turned on his heel, accompanied by Ikey, who was only too glad to get away, and went' straight off to the 'Sheriff, " Sheriff, we've got to give a dance, " he said, " or the women'll talk our lives out. For the ' sake of peace an' quietness come to the meetin' to-night an' we'll settle the pesky thing right away. If you wants to be popular you've got to git the bulge on them ' Hill' fellers somehow, so this is the' way. to do it. The women'll make all the men do what you want if you git up a dance. They're like colts. As long as they kin fling their heels about they're all right; when they can't, they git into mis chief." Then' he went to Sally, and told her, with much Machiavellian Wisdom, that he alone had persuaded the Sheriff to promise that there should be a dance. (To be Continued.) 