ALL ALONG THE RIVER. CHAPTER XXVI. THOUGH LOVE AND LIFE AND DEATH SHOULD COME AND GO. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. Isola was alone in the spacious Roman drawingroom, with its wide windows and shady loggia. The son was off that side of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had been pushed back, and between the heavy stone pillars of the loggia she saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden, and the pale gold of the mimosas beyond. The sun was shining full upon the Hill of Gardens, that hill at whose foot Nero was buried—in secret, at dead of night, by his faithful freedman and the derated woman who loved him to the shameful end of the shameful life; hill whose antique groves the wicked Csamr’e ghost bad once made a place of terror. The wicked ghnet was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms, and fashion able Rome made holiday on the Hill of Gar dene A military band was playing there this afternoon in the golden light, and the familiar melodies of Dan Giovanni were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of sweetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen oamelias and the softer rose of oleander blossoms gave brightness and color to the dark foliage and the cold white atone. Isola heard those far-off melodies, faint in the distance, without heeding The notes were beyond measure familiar, interwoven with the very fabric of her life; for those were the aire Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every even mg in their qaiet monotonous life. She hoard unheeding, for her thoughts had wandered back to the night nf the ball at Loetwithiel, and all that went after it—the fatal night that struck the death-knell of peace and innocence. How vividly she remembered every detail; her flattering apprehensions during the long drive lo the dark lanes, up hill and down hill; her eagerness for the delight of the dance, as an unaccustomed pleasure, a scene to which youthful beauty flies as the moth to the flame; her remorseful conscious n°as that she had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which draw her there; the longing to see Lord Lostwithiel onoe more— Loatwithiel, whom she had vowed to her self never to meet again of her own free will She had gone home that afternoon resolved to forego the ball, to make any social sacrifice rather than look upon that man whose burning words of love, breathed in her ear before she had ennngh of nerve or calmness to silence him, had left her scathed and seared as if the lightning had blasted her. She had heard hie avowal; no room now to doubt the meaning of all that bad gone before; no ground now for believing in a tend r Platonic admiration, lapping her round with ita soft radiance—a light bnt not a fire. That which had burnt into her soul to-day was the fierce flimo of dishonor mg love—ths open avowal of a love that wanted tn steal her from her husband and make her a sinner before her God. She know tine mnoh—had brooded upon It all the evening—and yet aho was going to a place where she must inevitably meet the Tempter. She was going because it was expedient to go; htoause her persistent refusal to be there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead tn a discovery of the real reason of her absence She had seen often enough the sub'la process, tbs society search light, by which Trelasoo and Fowey could arrive at the innermost working nf a neighbor’s heart, the deepest mysteries of motive She wae going to the ball after all, fevered, anxion*, full of dim forebodings; and yet with an eager expectancy; and yet with a strange over-mastering joy. How should she meet him? How could she avoid him, without ostentatious avoidance, know ing how many eyes would be quick to mark any deviation from conventional propriety ? Somehow or other aho wua resolved to avoid all association with him; tn gat her card filled before ho could ask her tn dance; or in any ovso to refuse if he neked her. He would scarcely venture to approach her after what had been said in the lane, when her indignation b id been plainly expresred, with angry tears. No, he would hardly dare And so—m a vague bewilderment at finding she was at her journey’s end—she saw the lights of the little town close upon her, and in the next fow minutes her carriage was moving slowly in the rank of carnages s°ttmg down their freight at the door of the inn Vaguely, as in n dream, she saw the lights and the flowers, the fine dresses and the dia moods, the scarlet and white upon the walls; brush and vizvrd, vizard and brush. He wae not there. She looked among the crowd, and that tall figure and that dark bead were absent. She ought to have been glad at this respite; and yet her heart grew heevy as lead. Later he was there, and she was waltzing with him. At the Inst moment when he was standing before her, cool, self possessed, as it were unconscious of that burning past, she had no more power tn refuse to be his partner than the bird has to escape from the snake She had given him her hand, and they were moving elnwly, softly to the music of the soft, slow waltz. Myoaotts, myosotis —mystic flower which means everlasting remembrance—would she ever forget this night? Their last meeting—safest possible meeting place hare in the shine of the lamps —in the .light of the multitude. Here she could hold him at arm’s length; here she might speak to him lightly, as if she too ware unconscious of the past. Here she was safe against hie madness and her own weak, unstable heart, which fluttered at his smallest word And so the night wore on, and she danced with him more times than she could connt, forgetting, or pretending to forget, other engagements; going through an occasional waltz with another partner just for de cency’s sake, and hardly knowing who that partner was; knowing so well that there was someone else standing against the wall watching her every movement, with the Invelight in hit eyes Then came the period after snpper when they sat in the anteroom and Ist the dances go by, hearing the music of waltzes which they were to have danced together, hearing and heeding not. And then came a sadden scare at the thought of the hoar—was it late Late, very late ' The discovery fluttered and unnerved her, and she was scarcely able to oolleot her thoughts, as he handed her into the carnage and shat the door, 'Sorely it was a white horse that brought me,’ she exclaimed, and in the next minnts she recognised Lnatwithisl’e brougham, the same carnagn in which ebe had been driven home through the rain upon that unfor gotten night when his house sheltered her, wh*n she saw his face for the first time. Yes, it was hi* carriage. She knew the color of the lining, the little brass clock, the reading lamp, the black panther rng She pulled at the check string, bnt with ont effect. The carnage drove on slowly, but steadily, to the end of the town. She let down the window and called to the coachman. There was only one man on the box, and he took no notice of her call. Yei, he bad heard her, perhaps, for be drew op his borse snddenly by the road side, a little way beyond the town. A man opened the door and sprang in, breathless after running. It was Laet withiel. ‘Yon pnt me into yonr carriage,’ she cried, distractedly. 'How could yon make snob a mistake? Fray, tell him to go back to the inn directly,' They were driving along the country road ' at n rapid pace, and he had sealed himself by hrr sid*. clasping hir Imi and He pulled up the window nearest her, and prevented her calling to the ooaohman * Why should you go biok? Yon will be home soouor with my horse than with the ■crew that brought you.’ ‘ But the fly will be waiting for me—the man will wonder.' • Let him wonder. He won’t wait very long, yon may be assured. He will gue‘* what has happened. In the confusion of carriages you took the wrong one. Isola, I am going to leave Cornwall to night—to leave England—perhaps never to return. Give me the last few momenta of my life here. Be merciful to me. lam going away —perhaps for ever.’ •Take me home,’ she i said ‘Are yon really taking me home? Is this the right way ?’ 'Of coarse it is the right way. Do yon suppose I am going to drive yon to London ?' He let down the glaea suddenly, and pointed out to the night. ‘lsola, do you see where we are? There’s the eign post at the cross roads. There’s the tower of Tywardreath Church, though yon can hardly see it in this dim light. Are you satisfied now?’ He had drawn np the giaes again. The wmdowa were growing dim with the mist of their mingled breath; the atmosphere was faiot with the odour of the faded chrysan themums on her gown and the gardenia in the lapel of his coat. All that she could see of the outer world was the blurred light of the carnage lamps. The high-spirited horse was going up and down the hills at a perilous pace. At this rate the journey could not take long. And then—and then—he came back to the prayer he had breached in her ear more than twelve hours ago in the wintry lane As loved her, he loved her, he loved her— could she refuse to go away with him— having woven herself into his life, having made him madly, helplessly in love with her? Could she refuse? Had any woman the right to refuse ? He appealed to her of honor She had gone too far—she had granted him too much already, grant ing him her love. She was in his arms in the dim light, in the faint, dream like atmo sphere. Ho was taking possession of her weak heart by ail that science of love in whioh he was pa*t master. Honor, c>n science, fidelity to the absent, piety, inno cence, were being swept away in that lava flood of passion. Helpless, irresolute, she faltered again and again • Take mo home, Lostwithiel 2 Have mercy 1 Take me home ’ He stopped those tremulous lips with a kiss—the kiss that betrays The oarrmge dashed down a steep hill, rattled along a street so narrow that wheels seemed to grind against the house fronts on each side, down hill again and then it draw np suddenly in a stony eqaare, and the door op-ned, and the soft, sea breeze blew among her loosened hair, and upon her uncovered neck, and she heard the gentle plish-plash of a boat moored against the quay at her feet 1 This is not home,’ she cried piteously. ‘Yes, it is home, love, our home for a little while—the home that can carry ns to the other end of the world, if you will.’ The quay and the water and the few faint lights here and there grew dark, and she knew no more, till she heard the sailors ory mg yen, heave, yen, and the heavy sails swinging, and the creak of the boom as it swayed in the wind, and felt the dancing motion of the boat ns she out her way through the waves, felt the strong arm that clasped her, and heard the low, fnnd voice that murmured in her ear, ‘ Isola, Isola, forgive m°, I omld not live without you ’ That which onme afterwards had seemed one long and lurid dream—a dream of fair weather and foul; of peril and despair; of passionate, all-oonquenog love. To day, ns she lay supine In the afternoon eitenoe—lying as Tabitha had left her, in a fevered sleep—the vision of that past came back upon her in all its vivid coloring, almost ns distinctly as it had re acted itself in her hours of delirium, when she had lived that tragic chapter of her life over again, and had felt the fury of the waves mid breathed the chill, silt air of the tempest driven sea, and had seen the bright full moon riding high amidst the cloud chaos— now appearing, now vanishing, as if she, too, were a storm driven barque tu a raging sea Oh, God! how vividly those hnnra came back! The awful progress across the bay; the brooding darkness of the brief day; the infinite horror of the long night; the shtid dering yacht, with straining spare, and broadside beaten by a heaving mass of wafer, that struck her with the force of a thousand battering rams, blow after blow, seeming as if the next must always he the last—the final crash and end of all things. The pretty, dainty vesse', long and narrow, rode like an egg shell on those furious waters—here a long nail of loky blackness, rising like a mountain ridgs and bearing down on tho doomed ship, and be ynnd, as far as the eye could reach, a waste of surf, livid in the moon light What hapless insignificance, as of a leaf tossed on a whirlpool, when that mountainous mass took the yacht and lifted her on Cyclopean shoulder ll , and shook her off sgain into the deep, black trough of the se», as into the depths of hell. And this not once only, nor a hundred times only, but on through that endless seeming night, on in the sickly winter dawn, and in the faint yellow gleam of a rainy noontide—on through day that seemed mixed and entangled with night, as if the beginning of creation had come round again, and the lights were not yet divided from the darkness (To fie continued next Saturday) 