SOUTH YAN YEAN. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESP'ONDtttT). A football match was played at South Yan Yean on Saturday, the 28th September, between the Union Football Club and the South Yan Yenn Club. The visitors were ne?isted by several senior players, prominent among whonm was tile redoubtable Pannanm of the Collingwood first twenty, also Alsop and others whom I did not know. A very interesting gaane was played, the local tease winning by 5 goals 6 behinds to 2 goals 3 behinds. The local team was assisted by severul Whittlesea players, also AM'Nasara and Taggart fiorm Epping. For the wieners J. Morris, J. Giddens, IH. Lobb, T. Green, 'l'aggart, M'Namsrn, lBassett, J. Masosn, C. Ilillier, and others played a good game; while for the losers Pannaen, Alsop, Pickup, and others played well. The gamre was played in a. friendly spirit, the town teams evidently being surprised at the play of their npponents. In my opinlion J. Morris played the gamene of the forty, his Itlay, especially in the first half, heing splendid. Paennan did not shine as well as in town .matches ; probably the ground having _+ýewý et. .vitlý.it...!'llstti uion Clbh, forming a minstrel troupo as well as a football teone, very kindly gave a minstrel entertainement in the Yan Yeass Free Library tn the evening of the meatcl, thle net proceeds being given as ea donation to the hazaar fund of the Library. 'lThe expenses were horle pelincipally by the visitors, even the printing being donte gratis, Ilrge nutmber of the Utnion Mitnstrels Ieilng in the employ of Me.ssrs. Troedel and Co. they were enabled to dlo the printing themlselves. T'ihe concert itaUsred off very successfully, theere being a good attenldance, a first class per. furntanece, and getemtal satisfaction, the lilbertlity of the visitors cotming in for grteat praise. The result of thel enter tiaieteetent will be a gain of severel ,Otelods to the hazatr funted. Tlea pro gce'loU as renldered bIy the llroupe I give blow :-'i'nTlaeoes, Harry Blarton and All. \Woodhaem; Bones, Charliu J1ntes teed Ge'orge l'Kleezie ; Overture; "Stenp Shots," by the Capal)any; ballad, " Queen of the Earth," Mr. Pickupp; sog, "Pretty little girl tleat I know," Hterry Barton ; halled, "Say Au lRevoir," Mr. Forte'see?q ; song, Nuggets," Charlie Jon.s ; ialledel, Loevee's old sweet song," M1r. . B. 'Parker; song, " Down the Itoanl," All. Woodhamt ; ballad, " Wedding Bells," Mlr. Pendlebury; song, "T'l'e Saveloy inala," George M'1Keenzie; balltl, "Parted," Mr. Rogers; fital,:, "Tile Suburban Ghost." Part II.-Over. Lure, ',r. Clarke,; hallad, " T'le Ioly City," lre. Parker; comic song, ",Mld," Charlie Jones; club swineging, Mr. Lobel, ; comeic song, " .ldindlieg it feor Utcle," 11'. olegere; stump sp' ch, " tWoletetn's Ilttghts," it't leeiareert; comici scnlg, ''Trinity Church," Alf. 'uoodhacc ; selections on tin whlistle, Dl ,; Fortesque; comiic song, " The Duaeor," lir Pcedlebury; " Fairy i'"tn"Tr HiTeffernanl s;oeug and dlnee, -Olessrs. Paennatll, Jones, clund Rogers. ''The whole concluded with a sidte. splitting farce, entitled, "Trut.,eulesome Niggers," the chancterns eing replre ,eteted as follows :-Dr. Curedll, Mr Picl;up; Sam atee l Joe (t,.Iehhlesooe Itiggers), Mleasrs Barton anti Woodhaln ; ]'ete (,,essage boy), Air. Ci. D1'Kloezie ; Gouty Gentleman, Mlr Attoe ; T'otty 'Tolthlche', Mir HI ayves ; Willi EEnclehe, Air Walters; llarry Influenzal, Alr '1'. lihed ; Bob Consumption, Mlr IlRamsay. 'The above prograemne being gonet through, a c.rditl vote of thanks was pI.Ioposed by Mr Walter Thomas, ned carried by acclan 'iota, , te lr !Pi.kaiI and his talented coemepeny for their interoesting alltl enteritainineg lerfor. eancet, their Ilherality being especially praisedi, *thle company paying tlheir own travelling exlpenses. Mr. Pickup, ict a letter written tee Onlt sinec they were up, wishes thel public in geeiral, and Ml r. Stanton (the genial and witty host of the Bridge Ihm) in particeulr, to know that they enjoyed thennelves iee. meensely, considering it the most pleasant of their mantey excutrsiolls into the country. Dlr. Stanutoe's kicdnoss ic meeting theem at the stntimn with hiia drag, also taking themu to tielt Yanl Yeas reservoir on the felleowing day, made all agreeable additilon tot their outing. He said his, company were willing nt the end of the cricket season to give another perfaortlhnecc f?r tih benefit of the district. IHe furtller said they did nott performc fier any monen'tary gain, simply for amtusement, and were only too pleased if by doing so they helpe!d a district forward, We all hope, all being well, to hlnvo the ph'seurs of gain meeting Mr. Pickup and his clever coeempaeny in tlhe aetune, e when, should they cotel, I can safely -peroanse-thersasgoodediO tiolth °` 