SUNDAY READING. (Selected by the Bev. G. E. Bowe.) THE DAT WHICH THE LOED HATE MADE. BT THE EBV. E. COELETT COWELL. ' This is the day which the Lord hath made ; we will rejoice and beglad in it.' — PsAT.ig cxviii. 24. Our life is mainly one of duty and trial ; and this holy day, which is meant to be a source of gladness and strength to' us should be regarded as a very pre cious boon. For we axe easily discour aged : and to lose heart ia to fall a ttrev to weakness and failure. Depression is feebleness, and feebleness in a life like ours is a great calamity. Yet many are subject more or less to depression in their spiritual life. Some persons, we grant, from a happy combination of temperament and circumstance, seem ever to live on the stmny side. Their faces are perpetually bright, and their voices cheery, and apparently they are never haunted by fears or perplexities. No gloom from the mysterious world beyond ever floates over their buoyant spirit. No drenching fogs of doubt en wrap the landscape of their life, and no shivering ice-winds of sadness pierce them through and through. If any shadow's fall, they are few and fleeting as those cast by the light clouds that sweep across the landscape on a radiant summer dav. Bnt oersons of this class are few. Our music is too prone to be in the minor key. In most lives there are * rainy days,' days -when the light is darkened, and gladness hushed, and strength for God's service wel\\-Digh paralysed, and we ought to be pro soundly thankful for this sacred festival of worship that lifts us away from our selves into communion with the Lord of the Sabbath, and thus invigorates us with Divine joy, ' and care lies slum bering on the lap of peace.' It is not necessary to present ths argu ments for the Divine origin of the Sabbath, and the obligation that is still binding on us to sanctify it. It is suffi cient to say here that it wes instituted as soon as creation was finished, as a memorial of that stupendous work, as a day of rest from labor, as a festival of worship and of special blessing from God. On Sinai it -was placed, by Divine auth ority, among the precepts of the moral law, and enjoiDed as a perpetual ord inance on all generations. Further, ' the Lord' of our text is one wiCh ' the Lord* of the New Testament, who as sumes the titles and claims the pre rogatives of Jehovah. The Person Who in this Psalm is declared to have 'made* hus noiy aay is tue same person as tne ?Son of Man,' Who 'is Lord of the Sab bath.' And He, Who appointed this day at the creation and sanctified it, has without doubt sanctioned the alter ation of the day from the seventh to the first day of the week. It has thus become the memorial of His own resur rection from the dead, which is the primal fount of gladness to His people. As mediatorial Lord, He honored the first day of the week by pending down thereon the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life. And when the disciples full of that clear-eyed wisdom which the Divine baptism had conferred, went forth to proclaim the glad tidings of salvation, the everywhere observed, not the old Sabbath, but the first day of the week. And this day St. John named, for all time, ' the Lord's day.' ' This is the day which tbe Lord hath made' the day which celebrates the completion of the Creation, and the or didation of a stated period of rest for mankind when ' the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shout ed for joy' ; this day on which the Christ triumphed over death and the grave, and the sons of God sang again, and this was the strain : 'Lift up your heads, Oh ye gates ; and be ye lift up, ye ever lasting doors ; and the Bang of glory shall come in '; this day which marks the descent of the Holy Ghost, Who loosed the fettered tongue of doubt and sorrow, and filled the waiting hearts with gladness. It is not a fitting thing that we should rejoice and be glad in this day ? Perhaps there is not as much pure joy in this land of ours on the Lord's day as there used to be in theearly days of our fathers. The scream of the railway engine, the heavy roar of traffic, the bustle in the streets, the crowds of pleasure-seekers — all this contrasts un favorably with the memories of forty years ago. Then the people in larger numbers reverenced the Sabbath as God's day, and the sanctuary as a spot sacred to thought and to worship ; and all life was often lifted higher, into a grand manliness, and into sweet, solemn rejoicing, by the study of inspired troth by kneeling together at the ' throne of grace'. Can nothing be done to redeem the Sabbath from the encroachments of the pleasure-loving multitude and the restless politician, and to restore its spiritual brightness ? Parents can do a great deal to make the home a happy place on this day. Let them provide suitable books for their children .- books full of interest ; books of missionary travel and incident, or well-written delineation of noble Chris tain characters ; fascinating books like the Life of John Coleridge PattesoD, or that of Mackayof Uganda; or tales of the highest type, of which Scripture teaching is the substance. Sunny books that i&troduee; in to the soul pure Christian thoughts and lofty ideas are as priceless valne. They sow the nature with seeds of light and gladness. And music and Christian song and nnfttiijTig sources of brightness. It is a beautiful thing for parents to foster this love in the home. What could be more de lightful than tiie ascent ef holy melody from the fireside to the Author of all our good? Something must be said about the brightening of the house of God. The sanctuary ought to be the most joyful of places, utterly removed from dulness and monotony. Everything about it should be charged with gladness. The atmosphere should be electric with, happeness. Hymn and Psalm, and prayer, should contribute and eleva tion of thought and feeling. A well ordered service will tend to secure this end : harmonious singing, a preacher who knows whereof he speaks, -and which never grates on tho reverent spirit ; reality in the devotional exercises blended with sympathy and tenderness, and the strain of gratitude that carries us up, through Christ, into the light of the Father's love. But a prepared heartmusteome before all else. Wemust be in tune. The joy of sanctuary service must be a joy exceeding repentance, whioh prepares th© way for it as winter prepares the ground for tho read; a joy that springs up within, when we believe personally in the Saviour. It is no rnystie influence, whose sourco is u&. known to as. The New Testament gives a clear account of it i ' We joy in God through our Lord Jesus, by Whom we have now received the atensment.' ? The God of hope fill you with all joy and pesee in believing, that ye may abound In htvy. through the power of the Holy - Yos .' The gladness of the hoi; 4fty ii ths) Church of Jesus is snore than a naturally happy temperament, mere than ths fire of frrmtamani.l more than the effervescence of strong feeling created by earnest words spoken in prayer or preaching ; it is the rejoicing of those who know the Lord of the Sabbath as their Friend ; who have found their solace in His lore, and their defence in His power ; who have learnt, or axe learning in the place of the Holy, that submission is the key to rest of heart. (To be continued.) 