GENERAL BREVITIES Sonie of the best Englisb jockeys earn above L100 it week. Only one person in four in London earns over L1 a week. The art of knowing men maybe learnt, but cannlot be taught. Russia reported to be extensively buy ing Australian scoured wool. An exposition of arts and industries will be held in the city of Mexico in 1800. The Chinese settlers of Formosa num hber fully 2,500,000 out of a population of 3,000,000. Japan is almost as large as Califirnia, having 147,000 square miles, while the American stats has 158,000. The phosphate nmines of Florida num ber 100, and they yield more than 500,000 tons of phosphate annually. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pictorially represent them as pale-faced women, with hair hanging, over their eyes. The city built by Brutus, the semi mythical discoverer of Great Britain, on the site of the present London, bore the name of Troja-Nova. The West Virginia house of delegates has passed a law for ever disfranchising any man havings been convicted of selling his vote prof asking money for it. A London firm which has manufactured eight of the eleven cables linking the United States to England make fifty five miles of cable eachl twenlyfour hours. In each wing-of the eostrich, twenty-six long white plumes grow to maturity in eight mionrhs. In the male these are pure white, while those of the female shade to ecru or grey. Before semaphore signalling came into vogue on English railways a lighted candle at night in the vindow of a stlation hlouse-esignified "stop,". while its absence indicated the line was clear. A native of Formosa is not thought worthy of any place in a tribe until lie has brought home at least one Chinese head. The greater the number of heads the higher he is raised in the tribe. MIr John Ruk, an inventor, has suc ceeded in crossing the Channel in a cycle boat of ihis own des'mignin Fe ralled weufy-one miles, in seven hours and a quarter. The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal isestinmated at 80,000,000 frances, half of which is to bo provided by the State - and ihalf "y the city and the de partment. It will be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. Thore are no telegraph poles in China. This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow to fall on the graves of their ancestors, which are scattered thickly over the whole country. Conse ucently- all the telegraph wires are laid underground. The Government of Norway and Sweden lhave decided upon the purchase of the principal lines of railway now in the bands of prirate companies in these countries. In Sweden there are 5454 miles of railway, of which only 1811 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coal dust has been brought out in Germany. The con sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with Ino smoke, while the heat produced is so intense that the apparatus has been adapted in Berlin to smuelting works and with excellent re suits. - - More than half the world's.aupply of tin is mined in the Straits settlement at the tip of the Malay peninsula. The out put in 1891 was 30,061 tons, out of a total of 50,651 tons; 12,100 tons came from the Dutch East Indies, chiefly from the Island of Banks, leaving only 8384 tons for the rest of the world. Professor Blackie in his will lhas, it is understood, left only L4000, having con veyed the bulk of his property to Mrs Blackie before his death. His modern Greek library-said to be one of the fluest in existence-he leaves to Edinburgh University, and after Mrs Blackie's death a Blackie travelling scholarship in Greek will be founded. The aggregate extent of the, telegraph lines of the world, according to the IHand book of the World's Transport Comnmis sion, which visits Victoria next week, is 750,000 miles, with over 2,300,000 miles of wire. Of this the United States hina 100,000 miles of lines, or nearly one quarter of the whole. The United King dom has 34,000 miles, or one twenty first. The statistician is abroad amongst us., His latest calculation is to the effect that the proportion of railway passengers killed by accident on the line is in-Eng land one in twenty-eight millions, in France one in niineteen millions, and in the United States one in two milli-ns four hundred thousand. " Of the capital invested in the world's railways, equal to nearly 33 billions of dollars (over six billions'sterling), the Unitedi States lhas teni and a half billions, or more than one-third ; .England and Wales, nearly four billions, or not quite one-eightlh; Russia, three and a quarter billions, or upwards of one-tenth; Ger nmany, over two and a half billions, say one- fifteentlh; and France, over two and a quarter billions."-From the Handbook of the Amnerican World's Transportation Commission. The Father of the House of Commons (Right Hion. C. P. Villiers, uncle of Lady Loch), is now it his niiiety-iourth year, and for the last sixty years hebas sat con tinuously as member for Wolverlhampton. Taking a retrospective glance dowis the long visto of his life (says our London corresponldenlt) the venerable Parliamen tariant remarked on Tuesday : "It is not a good thing for the country that its navy should be made the ball of party. We have been getlting behindliand, while France has been creeping on. Ihavebeen most interested in reading Lord Brassey's suggestions about isanning the Navy. I can recall the time when everybody thought it the right thing to send a son into the Navy, and it is sifortunate that the patriotic spirit should decline." When Mlr Villiers began his public life, Parlia tient vasparanmount in the education of the public mind. Now, he says, news papers end popular organisations are nearly as powerful as the House of Com mons in the shaping of opinion. 