SERI ON BY REV. FATIEiIR H[Ui\T. On Sunday the Rev. Father Hunt, of the Redemptorist Order, concluded a suc cessful week's mission in St. Mlary's Church, Bairnsdale. At eleven o'clock mass the rev. gentleman preached a sermon, of which we give a resume below. He took for his text-" I have fought the good fight, I have finished my .course; I have kept the faith," the last words of St. Paul, 2nld epistle to Timothy, 4th chapter, 7th verse. This sentence, said the preacher, showed the consolation which the apostle gained from the fact that he had not only fought for a short time, baut till his death, the masny temptations to evil anti passion ihe had encountered. He hoped that God would grant that all present would be able to use the words of St. Paul when death overtook them. God grant that they should all be able to say with sincerity, " I have kept the faith," for unless they could there would be no heaven for them. Without faith it is im possible to please God, who hath said, " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved, but he tlhat believeth not shall he condemned." What is this faith? Faith is a gift of God, and one of the three theological virtues, viz., faith, hope and charity. Faith is the first and most important of these three, because you cannot htope in God, or love Him, unless you know Him. Faith is a most priceless and precious gift of God, and can he ob tained from God alone. We have seen on the authority of God Himself that without faith we cannot be saved. How are we to know what we must do to obtain this faith ? We are to be taught it by theholy church. Not by the Bible or other books, forif we-were, show would ignorant people, such as those who could not read, leartn ? It was to disseminate this knowledge that the holy church was established, when Christ instructed His apostles to go forth and preach ths gospel. Then again Our Lord tells us to " Hear the church," which is to teach its adherents the way to Him. But what church are we to believe ? there are now so many churches contradicting one another in most essential particulars. Some people said no matter which church you belonged to it was all the same, but if we have not tihe right faith it matters a very great deal, for without faith it is impossible to please God. We have to learn the truths of God from the church founded by Him, but there are so many churches claiming to be His, and which is the proper one ? No Catholic should say it does not matter which church a person helongs to, because that is unreasonable, not to say heretical, andi the person saying such a thing was a fool, if hle might be permitted to use such aon expression. What would they think of two men who looked at an object and one said it was black and the other white, and they (the congregation) looked at it and saw that it was black. Would they not say the ,,man who called it white was a fool? In the same way how could churches be true if they differed from one another in essential matters ? We believe in the necessity of baptism while others do not, except for adults, and how can we he right and they too? We may be wrong, but we cannot both he right. If baptism is necessary the church that holds that it is not neces sary is false, and therefore would not have tile true faith or belief of God. Christ's church taught the necessity of baptism, for has not Our Lord said, " He that be. lieveth and is haptised shall be saved," and hence the importance which the Catholic Church attaches to baptism. Then again take confession. We believe in the necessity of confession for the for giveness of sins commtitted after baptism. lThe othltr chutArh do tat bI.liev: il tho necessity of confession, so here again we cannot both he right. Now we all claim to be the church of Our Lord, anttd the question is, Does God require confessiont to he made or not ? The Holy Bible tells us the necessity for confession, for is it not stated that " He who hides his sis shatll not prosper, but the who confesses his sin shall obtain mercy." (Proverbs.) People dther than Catholics say I confess to God, but that is impossible. You cannot con fess to God that which Hle already knows ? Therefore there is the question of confess ing to other than God, hence these other words of Holy Bible, "Be not ashamed to confess thy sins, but submit not thyself to every maul for silt." No, only to those appointed by God for that purpose, viz., his apiostles and their successors to the end of time, to whom Our Lord has soaid, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sints you shall forgive they are forgiven, dnd whose sins you shall retain they are retained." These words of Our Lord destroy that old objeetiotn, " How can man forgive sin ?" for were not the apostles to whom he gave that power men ? Then again the Catholic Church differs from the others in their belief in the Real Presence in tihe Holy Communion. We Catholics have no such thing as bread and wine inlour church, but we believe we have the Real Body and Blood in our com munion. Again, the churches cannot all be right in this matter But Our Lord has said, "Tihe bread that I will give is my flesh for the life of the world, and if any man eat of this bread ho shall live for ever," and further " He that eateth My flesh and drinketh my blood shall have everlasting Jie andt I will raise Jlin up on the last day. Amen, amen, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood you shall not have life in you." At the Last Supper Jesus changed the bread and wine into His own body and blood, and Ho then conferred the same power on His apostles in the words, " Do this in commemoration of He." Surely the teaching of the Catlholic Church is in accordance with all these words of Our Lord. Therefore as he (the rev. preacher) had shown the churches differed entirely on these important points, and they could not all be right. The question was, what did our Lord teach, for His church of to-day must teach the same ? The Holy Bible lays down the necessity of baptism, of confession and ofholy commuulon (the body and blood of Christ). No other church than the Catholic believes in all these, and there fore cannot be the true church, since they have not the true faith, which is, and can be, but one-one Lord, one faith, one baptism-" withiout which it is im possible to please God." But it was not sufficient to be a Catholic to gain salvation, for if you do not conform to the teachings of the church you will be only all the more guilty in the sight of God, for " From him to whom much is given much shall be expected." Faith without good works is dead, and a dead faith will profit us nothing but add to our condemnation. We must not believe one thing and do another, and in the words taken from the Scripture, " Not everyone that calleth Me Lord, Lord, shall enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but he that doeth the will of My Father shall be saved." Faith without good works is dead, and such a faith would save no one, and he appealed to his hearers not to lose their faith or run the risk of losing it for any wordly gain whatever. Let them live up to their beliefs, and be not merely Catholics in name, lest they should hear the dread sentence, "I know you not; depart from me into eternal fire." Hay these words never be addressed to any of those present. They had no reason to hold down their heads for their faith as long as they remained true to it, but as soon as they violated its principles they were a disgrace to their church and a dis grace to their God. In conclusion lie hoped the congregation would be able at their last moments to repeat the words of the text, whicl was the blessing lie wished them one and all, 