BENEFIT CONCERT TARADALE. AT Mr Ed. O'Brien's benefit concert was given in the Oddfellow's Hall, Taradiiln, on Wednesday evening last, and, viewed from every point, was a gigantic success. The building was packed to its utmost capacity, and on no previous occasion do wo re member ever seeing such a vast audience in the hall. The committee have every reason to congratulate thamselves upon the success, of the affair, and we have overy reason to believe that their energetic efforts will result in substantial pecuniary aid to the afflicted one. Mr W. J. S. Gordon, the ex-member for th^ district, occupied the chair, and after reading letteis of apology from several of the singers whose names appeared on the programme, explained the object for which the concert had been given. He stated that he was highly pleased at seeing such an immense gathering present, and could safely assert ft was the largest audience he bad ever ,seen in the hall, which clearly demonstrated the fsct thai the people of Taradale and district were always ready to lend practical aid whore the cry of distress was heard. He then introduced ths first item on the programme, a pianoforte duet by tbe Misses Gordon and Gourlay, which was executed in s brilliant manner. This was followed by a chorus, " Oft in the Stilly Night," by the State chool children, and wa^ sweetly rendered. Miss K. Real then favored the audience with " Strangers ret," which elicited yery warm approval, which the rendering certainly deserved. Mr W. O'BrieD, of Malmsbury, must be congratulated upon the excellent manner ia which he sang "Mona," and the lond applanse-which followed was well merited. " Tired," by the Misses Hewitt, was undoubtedly the gem of the evening, and, with careful tuition, we can safely predict a brilliant future for these two young songsters. Mr J. Chaplic's rendition of " 'E Dunno where 'e Are," was much appreciated, whilst a comic dialogue, " Daniel O'Connell's Interview with Biddy Moria rty," by Messrs Reid, Gourlay, Grant, and;Jackson caused uncontrollable laughter. A stepdance by Mr Pollard, of Chen ton, was executed with great cleverness, and merited the-encore received. Mr Broadhurst made his debut before a Taradale audience by rendering " The Holy City," but the singer was evidently suffering from a severe cold, and therefore could not do his voice justice. "The Gaffers of the Gang," by Messrs Bennie and O'Meara, of Malmsbury, caused uproarious la tighter, an encore being demanded. "A recitation. "The Newsboy," by- :*lr Lewis, was we'l received. Mr Haley's stnmp speech wa6 amusingly delivered, and kept the audience in tt simmer of Merriment throughout. Mr W. Miller sang; " Sweet Marie" in A masterful manner, and Was warmly applauded. A comic dnet, " Where we are lodging now," by Messrs Mul&gan; and Hagley, of Kyneton, was renditred in a most comical fashion, the singers convulsing tbe audience with laughter. Thty held e.icb a book in'their hands about a yarJ long, on the cover of which was printed in legible letters, " THE KYNBTOK OBSERVER." A violin solo by Miss Jarrott, of Malmsbury, nas played with considerable ability A breakdown by Mr H. Shelley, of Kyneton, was danced in excellent style, an ei core resulting. This conc'nded the first portion of the programme. A pianoforte duet by the Misses Wilson opnned part 2 of the proceedings, and was played in an admirable manner. The State school chidren then contributed The Old Folks at Home," which met with- approbation. Mr Mulligan's song, "Climb . Up," found favor with those present, and w is deservedly applauded. A comic recitation by Mr Reid provoked much laughter, whilst Mr Russell's cornet solo was executed with his usual ability. The rendition of the duet " Friendship," by the Misses Hewitt, was sung in a charming and graceful style, whilst Mr Chaplin's ghost song callod up weird thoughts cf the churchyard at midnight. Mr .W.. Jackson's recitation met with a warm reception, and the statnesque dance by Messrs Perritt, O'Mant, and Gotzre received a well deserved encore. The program me was brought to a conclusion with the side-splitting farco, entitled "The Quarrelsome Servants," the van one characters being sustained by Messrs Hagley, Wedgwood, and Mulligan, of Kyneton. It is needless for ns to comment upon the ability of these gentlemen, as they also managed to cause unbounded laughter, and are always accorded a hearty reception by a Taradale audience,and as usual they sent the audience home in a laughable humor. Prior to the termination of the entertainment Mr Gordon {the chairman) moved a comprehensive voja of thanks to the visitors who bad come from a distance to assist at the concert, to the ladies who had decorated the hall, etc., and to the ticket sellers. He stated, however, that one name had been omitted from the motion.innd that was the secretary's (Mr C. W. Nenerj, who h:d worked most energetically to make the affair a success. He tvould include tbat name, and then put the vote. Needless to say tbe vote was carried with acclamation. A noticeable and pleasant feature of the concert was the appearance amongst the audience of visitors from Kyneton, Chewton, Castlemaine, Malmsbury, Lanriston, Metcalfe, and elsewhere. The,-Misse3 Gordon, Wilson (2), and Nener.play d tbe accompaniments during the evening, and acquitted tLemselves creditably. The latter youug lady made her 'AStul before the public, and we must congratulate her up.on fcar 8uq^bs as a pianist ' 4 ba.ll was held after the concert, and was well attended, dancing beiug kept up until dhylight. « 