Sir. Beid's Customs Bill. Mr. Reed, Premier of New South Weles, has now moved the second, reading of his Customs Duties Bill. Its effect, should it become law, will be to create almost a free port ; and the two considerations are Iiaw if. Drill nfFflnf. tavotuia nnd Viaw if. will affect the relations of New South "Wales with her neighbours. On this latter point there would be little to say if it were not for the ghost of federation, which has an irritating way of springing up at every possible opportunity. But this would not be an opportunity for this ghost if the most enthusiastic agitators about federation had not previously made up their minds that the policy of a federal Government will be protective. These . persons, therefore, forecast that Mr. lteid's tariff will defer federation for at least ten years, because it will require all that time to turn the mind of Now South Wales towards protection. Sir Henry Parkes is.equally confident that the fiscal polioy of the future will be freetrade. It' is this which makes his present conduot so absurd. If the oustoms tariff of a federal Government is to be freetrade, the fact of its existence in New South -Wales will materially help the movement. All that is required of him therefore is to assist in passing the Reid. tariff, and there is a clear course ahead for somo years to advocate federation. At present he is obstructing and wasting more time than is required to pass the new tariff, if it oan be passed at all ; and in the absence of this obstruction his favourite theme might como on for discussion. ' But the effect of this new departure on Hew South Wales itself , will bo great, instant, and moBt disturbing. The muddle and misery of all tbeaeradioalcbangesisthat a given state of things is oreatcd, and is allowed to exist long enough to encourage any number of industries to spring up, ana then by one fell stroke a turn is taken which destroys them. Better thoy had' never been horn. If they are to die, give them time to prepare for their latter end. If they are cut down as if by an east wind, an injustice is done. Indus tries which under the fostering of statute law have sprung up are entitled to have a reasonable life given to them before by statute law that fostering care is. withdrawn. This is not a question of what is the best fiscal polioy for any country, but of common sense on the part of legislatures in their interference with privato enterprise. Another effeot will he a necessity to provide for the revenue certain to be lost by the ohange. Dispensing with certain items from the tariff list will not greatly reduce; the staff -still required to do the work of tiie Customs Department. Mr. Reid projeots an income tax. It is not to bo a tax . upon all incomes, but on the largest. It is not pretended that it will fall on persons who as members of tho community ought, by reason of their greater demand for protection of their rights to pay, hut because having tho income thoy are supposed to be able to pay. Nor is there any conscience about refusing to tbeso persons a proportional share of the political franchise. Again the proposal iB to tax land. The State has sold some of its land, and has received payment for it. Having sold it for the highest price obtainable, tlio pro posal now iB that the unfortunate wretches, or rather somo vof thorn, should pay n tax upon their freeholds. This is sufficiently different from a tax on property, wbioh would resemble \- an income tax, and on the whole is like begging first at one's front door and then at the back door. Rut it is widely different from a Bsheme which might have been adopted at the first, and whioli might be introduced even now, namely, that all land sold by the State should he liable to give a portion of its in crement of value to the State whenever it changes hands, or be liable to a email impost for its annual use. Nobody has objected to this, although it is doubtful if such a scheme would work out well in theBO countries where the difficulty is to induce close settlement, even with the guarantee of an ultimate freohold title not liablo to further claim. The case for any of , these Austrplias is aggravated by the oircumstanoe that direct, taxation should be wholly unnecessary. This has to be pointed out pretty often, if only for the purpose of protesting against excessive public expenditure. The direct tax? does ' not relieve the less well-to-do citizen; what it does is' to supply tho mean e, always being demanded, to satisfy the parasitical portions of the community whioh hang .upon all Governments, It Mr. Reid will carry 'his Customs' Dill ; but the other bills may suffer a different fate. 