editorial, notes. Passed Over — The list of Birthday J honois is only interesting for the names which it does not contain. Those who have received decoration are mostly un known personally in N.S. W. The Mayor of Melbourne, who ioeulted Michael Davitt, is now a knight, and the senior police magistrate of the same city is now a G. M.G. Sir Joseph Abbott is no longer a cemmon K.B , he is now clothed io all - the glory ui K.C. M.G.-sbip. But where is Mr Reid ? Likewise what of Mr F. B. Suitor? .vlr Toby Barton is still a plain Q.C. Mr Eddy is not mentioned aod Mr M'Miliao is left out in the plebeaa cold. MrLyne&n; l Mr Copeiaod are nowhere, and a parliamentary clerk bas been C.M'-G d, nud yet Mr Tom Slattery is un» recuyuieed for his advertised strategy. But perhaps the list is incomplete. There may be a few more kaightships in the royal iuoky bag. Oscar Wilde, — The curtain has fallen with & doll sickening thad on the career of that brilliant but ill-constellated dra matic Oscar Wilde. His genius and his infamy are assured and his varicolored career is the worst of awful object lessons to ciriiiaation. To the miad of ordinary huniauitf there is something inexplicable in his sins We cannot accouut for the causes of such capricious criminality. Are we to blame nature fur evolving Wilde, or punish Wilde for his outrage on nature? Tht-re is something deep mid dark and dreadful in this tragedy which warped a brilliant mind beii^aih thu standard of the beast creation. The subject ie an ugly one aud for the sake of poor human ity it is to be hoped that it nev»r will be revived. The witty Wilde made the world happier, but the wicked Wilde has made the world weep for very shame. Wheat inu Wealth. — The bone and gineiv uf 'New South Wales — the sturdy ye.vmaury — have had a hard time of reeenr years. What with the depressing drop in prices, ihe small yield aud the continued dry weather llieir cup of tribulation aud anxiety bas been full to oveiflowing. Happily, however, the dark cloud is lifting I at last, and the signs of the waiii'e market 1 point unmistakeahly to a recovery in wheat. America is the largest whe it pro ducing country is the world, and i lie United States dominate the ra.rkt', and cables tell us that wheat has just under gone an upward movement. One day last week dealings in wheat am-tunlyd to 2OO,O0J,OOO bushela, which is a circum sunce i-regnant with meaning. This is 40 p*T cent of Hie enure crop of the sea son. The artificial f,ill in wheat is now recognised, and *uuh old time prices and li'tihpfcity uill re«urn to the tillers of Hie1 ?--??1 Better tha-i |vroiefi!ion4 fu-uiride, federation and piHiiieii or it-aural projecrs is llut fli-tb iii'y u( uur agijcul turis s | Pafmkst ojf — The Full 1 Court is no v det-;-ly delving in constilu- 1 tioual la* and |^rljaiue«tary practice and I iu ianawprahlp ieduucMttti& tondiiiif the qiiestion of payment of members. A bar ? if i»»i»'nsp luuii'i'^i'v ami ltt*»ivily briefed is H8si?tittfi tho judges in the legal tangle, hut whether it as incr-**--jni! or dt'creaaintf -he difficulty — if tlwe be tm.» — cannot determine This expensive and enpet flaws investigation is on^ of the evils --f our excellent system of civilisa tion If there he a flnw in the Aot that defect is nor. not due tn intention. Parlia ment passed the Act in the spirit of h per manent principle and it shuuld only be in--dilied or expunged by the direciiou of Pacliam-ut. The virtue or vicionsness of payraeut of members is not Lhe issue Courts cannot take cognisance of the pro priety or otherwise oi enactments. Of course it is rijglit that everything should he placed absolutely beyond doubt, but it is 1 superfluous to fight over a matter which was passed in the spirit of pernancy. What the Dublic objects to is the wilful waste of revenue in briefing eo many bar risters on a few poiuts of law. This is simply a moostrous system of subsidising a profession at the expense of the general taxpayers The state can scarcely afford to lavish big business on supreme eourt pantomimes. What would iiavg Happened— Had the Supreme Court Biutau in all Us Banco authority put the 'stepper' on the darling principle of payment of members many things of a loose and grotesque character might have happened. In the first place there would be the ghastly spectre of the vanishing ghost — which is vulgar for pay. Then members would be individually liable for every vote they gave—- a liability of £250 for every separate division. Further, member's seats would be declared v&cant;* and there would be no Parliament io the eonntry — a truly pathetic possi bility. Loss of pay would be a terrible melancholy contingency. There are times when £25 per month comes as a boon aod a blessing to patriots as well as other mortals. The plethora of actions against members on the information of speculative oitizene would be another gorgeous spec taole in jurisprudence. The labor mem bers who specially shine in division lists might have actions against each of them, totalling at least a hundred thousand pounds. Bat it is unlikely that Mr Sleath and Mr Edden would be specially prosecuted for heavy damages. Mr New man, the member for Orange, has how ever a swollen banking account, and he would be reduced to insolvency in a few court sittings The wealthy freetraders aud protectionists would be keenly con tested and flooded with writs. But the must awful matter would be the summary extinction of a parliament which illegally appropriated national funds. Altogether their Honors in Banco had a mighty con tract on hand. The representative of Messrs Peapes and Company of Sydney, Mr H. A Magub, will be in Hay, on Saturday, at the Caledonian Hotel, and will remain to see customers on Monday and Tuesday next. Dentistry.— Mr Bealby-Smith. the Sydney dentist, will be at Mrs Aberline's, Lacblan street, from Friday night until Tuesday next, where he may be consulted on nil matters affectiag the teeth. Mr G. Hidgoock nill sell on Saturday, at the Caledoniao Hotel, 55 horses, all of which are good upstanding and well bred animals. Dr Watt — A meeting of those favour able to entertaining Dr Watt at a dinner is to held at Tattersall's Hotel on Satur day evening at 8 o'clock. The Rivers. — The Murrumbidgee at Hay is 2ft., at Wagga 3ft., and at Gunda gai 2ft. 3in. Stock Passings —The followiog lots was trucked for Sydney on Thurs day — 900 fats from Pevensey. W. S ; Tysoo owner. The following will cross on Saturday, 500 sheep from Ti Tree to Boil ins Down works, G. Or. Claughtoo owner ; 65 horses from Jerilderie to Hay for sale. On Sunday 2000 sheep will pa6s from Ti Tree to Boiling Down, G. G. Claughton owner. Benevolent Society. — The annual meeting of this society will be held oo Monday afternoon at the Atherraum, when the report and balance sheet for the past year will be presented and officers and committee elected. Presentation. — Mr W. R. Parker, of Ti Tree, having recently sold bis property, a few friends met at Mr Ghas Hidgcock's office oti Thursday evening, 23rd inst, for the purpose of making Mr and Mrs Parker a small presentation on the eve nf th€ir departure from the Hay district On behalf of the subscribers Mr Jas. Newtou presented ACr Parker with a handsome ; dressing case, and two vataable cake dishes for Mrs Parker, on which is to he inscribed — ''Presented to Mr and Mrs W. R. Parker, by friends in Hay and di-i* trict, as a small token of esteem and respect, upon their leaving Riverinn, Hay, May, 1895.' Mr Parker replied, thankiug those present and the other well wishes for their kindly expression of good will, aod said that although he was giviog up sheep farming for the present to follow mining, he hoped to be back io liay amongst them asa land owner in the no distant future. Hat Lands Office.— The following selections were taken up on Thursday Albert Richard Warren, A.C P. 110 acres, A.C L. 340 acres, county Nicholson, pariah Russell, Guubar run. Abner Haylock, A C P. 257 acres, A.C.L. 768£ acres, county Sturt, pariah Carrego, Gunbar ran. Tbookings. — Chae, Htdgcock reports having thie day consigned to Messrs J. Leeds and Co., Hombusb,918 fat wethers on account of W. S Tyson, Pevensey. The Council and the Land Tax. — A member ef the Legislative Council speaking with reference to the land and income tax proposals, said the members of the Conncil would never dream of allowing such a trifle, as the epithets of Mr Reid to control their conduct when a matter effecting the policy of the country was before them. So far as the land and income tax proposals are con cerned, he said, they would be regarded more favorably if in both cases there were no exemptions, or if the exemption in the in' come tax waa a moderate one. As the pro posals stood at present he did not see how the Council could possibly accept them. Paymknt of Mkaibers. — The Full Court on Wednesday decided the question of the legality of fcbe Payment of Members Act by dismissing the plea that payment of members i of the present Assembly is invalid. The I arguments in the payment of membars case I were continued on behalf of appellant before I the Full Court yesterday, and the Court without calling upon counsel for the respon dent, delivered judgment. Each of the five judges agreed iu 6aying that the appeal should be dismissed. Who will Lrad ? That is Che question ? Partes or Reid or Dibbs or Lyne? New , South Wales want* a great : leader* There 1 is doubt about it The people of this country want; prqtectioa from winter weather, and rain, - and frost and snow. Comfortable waterproofs are necessary Cor adults'and infant* and they are nsade to si*e and order for ladies and gentlemen, 1 girls aod bo/a by the Sydney Macintosh ; Agency, 149« King Street. Note thia. ! Made ib the Colony. No imported poods. The beat quality and suitable to the climate. Send for patterns and self-measurement. Particulars which are posted free. ' We have huodreda of aplendid testimonials fronaU puts eotany. 