ACT A. POP DLL By The Flaneur. ' There's nothing like leather !' That was the emphatic but not wholly unprejudiced opinion of the tanner who filled the chair at a public meeting held about the year 1, for the purpose of devising means for the ' promotion of the interests of suffer ing humanity.' And in a similar spirit we find Major-General Hutton proclaiming aloud that in the way of securing the peace and prosperity of the world to-day there is nothing like a good old rousing, cut-'em-all-to-pieces and blow'emallto biazes, flaming, flaring war. ' War is my trade,' said our only General the other night, and he has now been out of 'collar 'so long that he thinks the Government should start some sort of relief works, such as storming the Soudan and capturing more goats, or having a promiscuous sort of cut-in at the Jap- Chow war. Apparently General Hutton is filled with the same practical sort of spirit that animated the stage super who, atter carrying a rifle peacefully for five nights in a military drama quietly loaded his piece on the sixth night and blew a hole through the theatre roof, and on being called to account angrily asked : ' What th' divil's th' good of carryin' a gun if you don't fire it'efE ?' History tells of a doughty hero named Solomon Lob, who ' lost his nob, and, all for martial glory O !' and if any of our fire-eating Fallbacks are to emulate that warrior's deeds they will have to hurry up, for the fine old-fashioned style of war will soon be out of date. In Napoleon's time it was said that heaven fought on his side that held the heaviest artillery. Nowadays victory goeB to the nation that holds the heaviest purse. Barring the professional -'pig-atickers,M I dwi't think many men will regret the day ' that th9 arbitration and conciliatioa boardroom takes the place of the bloody battlefield, for in spite of all that has been said and sung in its praise, war is the very worst pastime that is played to- day. Hare, for instance, is a pen-picture drawn by Sir Evelyn Wood of one scene in the Crimean War — the Mamelon, after it had been oaptured by the French. 'Dead men were lying heaped in every attitude imaginable; some half buried in craters formed: by shell ; other bodies literally cut into two parts'; arid one I noticed had been blown 20 yards by the explosion of a mortar-shell. Some corpses were lying crushed under overturned cannon, while others hung limply over injured guns which were still on their carriages.' Nice reading, is it riot? And this is the sort of picnic some mad-heads would like peaceful Australia to enjoy ! - .; Sebastopol saw some sorry sights too ; for an eye witness speaking of the bombardment says : ' The great ballroom of the assembly-rooms was crowded with the wounded incessantly arriving on stretchers. The floor was half an inch deep in coagulated blood' In an adjoining room, set apart for operations, the blood ran from three tables where the wounded were laid, and the severed limbs lay heaped in tubs Outside fresh arrivals thronged the square on thei * blood-steeped stretchers, their cries and lamenta. tions mingled with the roar of shells bursting close by.' ?' Ghcerful reading for Easter week,' you sar castically say. Well, war respects no seasons, and anyway battle stories at Easter ought to read as well (certainly with far more profit) as hair-raising ghost stories do at Christmas. Ghosts are frauds, but those blood-reeking stretchers in the slaughter house of Sebastopol were stern realities indeed. In time of war the innocent — the despairing women and helpless children — suffer most. In the wild whirl of battle the frenzied soldier does not feel his wounds, and when he dies there's an end to his troubles here. But what of the outraged women, the shrieking, starving babes, when their natural protectors lie in hideous heaps with a\\\ semblance of humanity shattered or crushed from their mangled forms? War is indeed a glorious thing— to keep away from. And if there is one reform that women should league together to secure it is an immediate and thorough reform in the way of settling the disputes of nations, Trailing a 50 mile grog prohibition petition round the world, and the like, merely makes women fair game for ridi cule, but the mere attempt to turn aside the bloody stream of war would make even the New Woman look like an angel of peace, and if she succeeded in that attempt I would be the first man to give her & vote, and even show her how to strike matches 'on her Pompadour pants as well; v : -?? Lord Brassey has been suggesting that Great Britain requires a new navy, andv no .doubtrtthat notion will bs strengthened when 'he sees -the superb sea forces of the Cabbage Garden. Conti nental chemists .are .inventing new destructive agencies every day, a Melbourne tailor has manu factured bullet- proof cloth, I am perfecting a gun that will shoot round a corner and bring the coming Income Tax gatherer down at 1000 yards ; but of all the mighty improvements made in the art of war commend me to the new military sausage, a weapon with which I hope Major-General Hutton will in sist on our War Department serving out to every man capable of bearing arms. The sausage should be about 6ft. long. and 3ft. round, the skin being made of indiarubber, and the contents — well, in the best interests of suffering humanity perhaps it would be better to allow the contents of the military sausage to remain as in scrutable a mystery as the contents of the boarding house variety of the same weapon have been since Ham fashioned the first 'poloney' onboard the Ark. The military sausage is to be worn round the body, passing over one shoulder like a Sundowner's swag, and having the ends fastened by msans of a stout strap. On arriving at a place where mud or any oLlllllai uusiiiuuiiiuu iucvn.es i»nc luuus uuptisstiuit: lux guns and ammunition, and whisky barrels, and bed room carpets, and cottage pianos, and other neces sary articles of colonial warfare, every man should throw down his sausage, and the lot should then be placed so as to form a good corduroy road over which the heavy baggage could pass. Had Lord Wolseley's army in the Soudan been provided with these sausages, how much easier it would have been to transport the boats across the cataracts of the Nile ! Every man could have used his sausage as a roller, and the boats could have been moved with very little effort. Let us not ba forgetful of this when our dread hour of battle comes — when the \ sabres clash, and the rifles flash, and the heavens are rent with the roir of merciless artillery and the hoarse shouts of captains calling to the canteen men to hurry up with the bittah beeah and ham sand wiehesi Without entering into the question of the mili ' tary sausage's effectiveness as a death-dealing weapon, which is a subject too awful to contemplate at this happy Easter time, I may point out that the empty skins* would make very useful war balloons, and by the aid, of methylated spirits or natural ga supplied by Jawbone Neild and a few other windy reservoirs, each sausage- bearer could make an ascent and reconnoitre the position of the enemy and enjoy a view of the surrounding soenery as well. Half of the sausages supplied might be covered with bullet-proof cloth, so that the soldier tired of war's alarms could turn in at one end of the concern, pull the cover over him, and by nibbling at the other end enjoy the priceless luxuries of supper and breakfast in bsd.: Then he could rouse up and help to form impenetrable breastworks by piling what was left nf the sau;a7e3 into artistic heaps of the required : form. Nothing could equal the rapidity with which a change of position could be effected, and as every warrior could have his ' billy 'of beer, strapped on to his sausage swag during a forced march, war would not only be robbsdof a deal of its terrors, but actually take the form of a bush picnic— a consummation devoutly to; be wished indeed. I once heard of a candidate who while on the war path pulled up at a cottage on the outskirts of Bithurst and : watched a man hauling a bucket of water out of a very tempting- looking well, for the day wa3 blazing hot, and the politician, from neces sity, hot from choice, was po3ing as a champion of the Prohibition party. ''Can I get a drink here, mate?' shouted the candidate as the windlass winder's job wa3 finished. 'Sorry, Mister,;' said the man, ' but there ain't a drop in the place, and, ?wlis luck, I'm devilish dry meself too.' 'But isn't that water you've got in the bucket ?' asked the politician, as he hung across the fence. ' Water !' exclaimed the Bathurstian staring back in wild surprise. ' Oh, yes, that's water, right enuff ; but then, I didn't know you wanted water. I thought you asked if you could have & drink.' This question as to what constitutes a drink is by no -means as easy to decide satisfactorily as most of us imagine, and those debating societies that are still in the Dickens y. Thackeray ; or ' Was the execution of King Charles' I. justifiable?' stage might confer a blessing on society at large by bring ing the combined forces of their gigantic intellects to bear upon the subject. Some old-fashioned drink ; others believe in our generous Australian wines ; very many more, unfortunately, consider that nothing can be deservedly classed as a driak unless it tastes like liquefied Sheol and ' bites oil the way down.' And, judging from recent raids on poison-vending pubs., they get it too, and no snake in' the scrub ever stings with more deadly effect than the vile stuff I now allude to. The poor publican's lot is not a happy one, how ever, for it seems that high duties prevent him from selling good grog at a fair price, and if he sells bad grog-rrand has the misfortune to be found out — he is hauled along to the judgment seat and fined as much in a minute as he takes in a week. It is by no means certain that he is always the real offender either, for most publicans buy their stocks on the ' pig in a poke ' principle, and many have no earthly notion of the sort of stuff they are selling until the one-eyed Goddess of Justice orders them to pay £20 into the consolidated revenue of the land. Publicans are not the only innocents who Buffer in this respect, however, and the man in the ' Bauble Shop '' play was all right when he said — ' It, isn't immorality that ruins a man nowadays, but some d—d foolish thing which every man does and only one man is found out in.' That the poor publican means well at times seems probable from the fact that one scrupulous bung belter, recently fined, pleaded that he put plenty of water in his whisky so that his customers 'could drink a lot without getting drunk.*' That party must be the hero of the tale which tells of a short, stout, red-faced, boiled-nose man, who went up to a temperance orator at the end of a lecture, shook him warmly by the hand, and exclaimed : ' Thank you, sir, thank you muchly ! What you said about the health' giving properties of water has relieved my conscience greatly, and I shall have no scruples about selling it for the future.' ' You are, I pre sume, a shareholder in some water company r' said the Crystal Spring spouter, well pleased with the testimony of the speaker to his eloquence. ' Oh, lor, no, sir,' replied the red-faced man. ' I don't go in quite as strong as that. I'm the land lord of the ' Pig and Whistle,' and I'm off now to souse another gallon of water into every beer bar rel in my cellar.' And as the diplomats say, ' That closed the incident.' Another serious subject our debating societies might tackle is this — 'Does Parkes sincerely believe in anything — except the malodorous matter of Parkes himself !' A few nights ago, after for tifying himself with his daily allowance of a little something for the stomach ache, the Grand Old Shuffler pushed in amongst the parsons and petticoats whQurallied up at the Temperance Hall to ' protest against further delay in Local Option legislation' and led off his usual cautious chat by saying : 'I have great pleasure in taking the chair, though I am not here as a total abstainer.' Some one should have then called out, ' What the devil are you doing in the temperance boat at all?' but the L. O.'s are a spiritless lot at best, and would allow any Balaam to blast their cause if he could baast of a K.C.M.G. I don't think Parkes has filled a public meeting chair before since the night that my gifted gritty friend Mrs. Summerfield significantly said to her Woman Suffrage sisters, ' When we Belect a male leader to champion our cause let us choose a man of unimpeachable morals.' 'Meanin' Me, of course,' said Sir 'Enry sweetly, as he winked with the other eye ; but I notice that he hasn't been very enthusi astic over the baggy-breeched movement since. The stern array of sharp-pointed ginghams in the front seats probably prevented the slippery old knight from savin?. ' Hi 'ave sreat oleasure in takins the chair, though Hi ham. not 'ere as a hadvocate of puttin' women into pantaloons and Parliament.' Everyone remembers how the Grand Old Wriggler used to pop serenely up at the Boyne Water shi voos, before the Yellow Pup died of the mange, and with one eye on the green and the other on the yellow votes observe with an oily twang that made even the sheet-iron soul of John Davies sick, ' Hi ham great pleasure in takm tha chair, though Hi 'ave not and never 'ave been a Horangeman.' There is just one thing that Sir Henry really is to day, and that is a ' back number' ; an utterly out of-date and discredited po'.Itlc'. .w, a:id if his guinea-pig' position on that English Mining Board doesn't turn out successfully he will have to tie on a tin beak ar.d go poking round with the hens in search of worms. Of corset's a libel to say Mayor Lees wears stays ; but by gracious he will have to get something to support his jelly-fish spine soon or he'll fall to pieces, and the Town Hall sweeper will scoop the ragged remains on a shovel and hawk them to some secluded spot where they and other rubbish may be shot. By pursuing a masterly pol'cy of inac tivity and keeping his mouth severely shut at all times — except meal times — ' Sammy ' has so far managed to keep afloat without splashing any body f but it now seems that he is in danger of being swamped by one from whom he should have ex pected the greatest support. It is always a painful task for me to find fault with a lady ; in fact Charity herself is not more will ing to cover a multitude of women's sins than I am ; but I am seriously afraid that so far as our present Mayor and Mayoress are concerned, the ' grey mare' is not the better horse— even though the horse is a bit of a 'screw' that could be easily beaten. It has been openly stated— and not yet contradicted — that when Mayoress Lees was respectfully asked to patronize a certain Catholic school festival, she not only refused point blank to do so, but went out of her way to publish her own want of Christian charity and her utter ignorance of her duties as the wife of the man chosen to impar tially watch over the welfare of the people of Sydney Mayoress Lees has, it is said, set it down in black and white that ' she cannot possibly have anything to do with any Catholic functions whatever.' She can take it from me that the persons who asked her in the first instance did not know her or they would have nevei\f.given her the chance to besmirch her position as she did; and certainly no Catholic — very probably no liberal Protestant either — will ever trouble her with a like request again. It is no use reasoning with such persons either, for you might as well try to knock the pride out of a peacock's tail by laughing at it as to endeavour to instil charitv or even common sonse into the mustv little mind of a bigot. One of the lessons of life which many people never learn is that it is not absolutely necessary to make a fool of oneself merely be cause one ha3 a magnificent opportunity of doing so. 