AMERICAN NEWS. FFrom New York Daily Papers.! Mary EnniB, the 7-year-old daughter of John Ennis of 93 Bedford-street, while slid ing oil the stair balusters fell from the fifth to the first floor, and died a few moments later from a fractured skull. Syracuse, July 22.—Nearly fifty children residing in the north-eastern portion of this city were poisoned by eating ice cream yesterday. The ice cream was purchased of a peripatetic Italian ice cream vender. So far no fatalities have occurred, although some of the victims are very ill. Portland, On, July 252.—A. successful long-distance heliograph conversation was held yesterday between Mount Hood and Portland heights, a distance of more than seventy miles. It lasted one and one-half hours. The day was perfect for the experi- i ment. When the party returns from Mount Hood the conversation will be authenti cated by documentary evidence. Gallatin, Tenn., July 22.—At a dance at Speakville on Saturday night Wes Dixon and his wife were ordered from the grounds. Dixon was attacked by Bill Davidson, a moonshiner, and he shot the latter dead. Dixon and his wife then ran into the bushes, pursued by seven or eight men, fir ing as they ran. Dixon fell with five bullets in his body. His wife received a bullet in her hip that will probably prove fatal, while Dixon is expected to die. Hartford, Aug. 13.—The largest belt in. the world has recently been inade by the Jewell Belting Company of this city for the Washburn & Moen Manufacturing Company of Worcester. It is 118 feet long, 78 inches wide, and is ionrply. It took the [ hides of 100 steers to make it. Cincinnati, August 13.—A special from Crown Point, Ind., says:—Twenty persons were poisoned at Hoiseford Park last night. A dance was in progress, and all who participated drank from a pail of water in which arsenic or strychnine had been placed. Charles Williams, Miss Eeiseg, and two others are expected to die. Joseph Stifners, of 153 Cornelia-street, Brooklyn, had his back broken by being thrown off a truck at |lToith Second and Ewen streets by Peter H. Orr, of 364 Yernon avenue, the driver. Orris in the employ of Builder John, Auer of 355 Vernon avenue, and he and several men, among them Stifners, were skylarking. Two Lyons students are travelling through France with a pousse-pousse. the form of perambulator used at the last Paris exhibition. It weighs 100 pounds and they carry another 100 pounds of baggage. One rides, while the other pushes him for an hour; then they change about. They have reached Paris, and will go to Bordeaux, Marseilles, and back to Lyons. At the Harlem Republican Club meeting last night at 145 "West 125tb street ex- Con gressman Harvey C. Calkins asked that this resolution be adopted: "Resolved that the house committee be instructed to furnish the members of this club such liquors and refreshments as they may desire on the first day of the week." Wash ington Winsor, ex-president of the club moved that the resolution be tabled. A rising vote resulted in the unanimous dis approval of Mr. Calkins's resolution, upon which definite action was suspended until the next regular meeting. Mr. Calkins is a member of the Mount Morris Baptist Church, and says he did not intend to urge the club to violate the Excise law on Sun day. Henry C. Robinson suggested that the club purchase a Bible, since an adjoin ing saloon owned one, while the Harlem Republican Club did not. His suggestion was una limously agreed to. Buffalo, August 12.—Jim Corbett and McYey, the wrestler, who assisted the champion in his training, created consider able excitement at the Lyceum boxing carnival to-night by giving an exhibition that was not down on the programme. During the second round of their bout Corbett made a punching bag out of McYey and the latter, in a spirit of resentment, attempted to clinch and throw the champion, at the same time hurling vile epithets at him. Corbett pushed McYey to one 6ide with the remark that if it was fight he was after he would be satisfied in the next round. When time was called Corbett, pale as a ghost, sprang to the centre of the stage with the quickness of a cat, and pounded McYey all over the stage. The round was cut s'hort by the master of cere monies. and the two pugilists retired to respective dressing rooms. Michael Flood, 53 years old, who lives in and about John Fox's saloon at Uinety ninth-street and First avenue, went into Bentley*s circus at half-past six one even ing and. shoving his arm through the bars of the lion's cage, tried to pat Daniel Boone, one of the lions. The animal seized his coat sleeve. Several of' the attendants pulled Flood away, but he left his coat behind Flood became abusive to Treasurer Price, who was one of those who pulled him away, and Policeman Wall locked him up in the East lOlth-street station for dis orderly conduct. In the Lee Avenue Police Court, Wflliam burg. John McCutcheon, 30 years old, of 178 Throop avenue, was held on trial with out bail on a chargeof having caused death of his 2-months-old son, who was found dead in bed between his parents early yesterday morning. Thecoupleare known to have "had a quarrel, during which it is alleged the child was struck. A autopsy showed that death was due to concussion of the brain. Mrs. McCutcheon denies that her huslvrad intentionally hit the boy. When she awoke yesterday morning her husband's elbow was on the face of the child, and she believes he inflicted the blow during his sleep. New Orleans, August 13.—The negroes of Marshall county. Mississippi. are wrought up over a strange doctrine of sacrifice that is being preached by Charles Rumrney, assisted by two women. The three appeared in Marshall county two weeks airo. and have since been preaching their peculiar faith. A number of negroes became converted, afterwards being bap tized with an oil called the oil of gladness. Several of the negroes so haptized com plained of severe headache and seemed to be insane. They were carried home. Od Sunday night, entirely nude, they danced in front of a nogro Methodist church. They were arrested, but. pni.-nii" sanu were released and went home. About 2 o'clock the commuuiiy was aio^el tj.v mi alarm of fire. Flair es leaped from the house of David Herald, one of Summey's converts. Before assistance could reach the placs the house was consumed. The crazed m;<n and wife threw t.heir effects into the flames, even their waggon being pulled into the fire, and they were making an effort to drive a pair of oxen into tlie burning pile when neighbors rescued tliein. Herald and his wife hegged to be allowed to perish iu the flames, as they said (Jod had ordered them to die that way. They were bound and lodged in jail. The necrroes insist that these people were driven liiR-am* by tbe oil pourodon thfir heads by Summey. who, they declare, is a Youdoo, and they point to the fact that several other negroos who also received baptism havo mvn» Affidavits were made against Summey and his jtssistants, lull oflieers found that the Voudoo preacher had received warning and had left the county. 