MRS. TREOASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Authoress of 'An Australia?! Heroine,1 'Policy and Passion,' 'Nadinp,' 'Misa Jacobsen's Chance,' 'Arina,' 'The Romance of a fttatiou,' and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy j 'Tho Right Honorable,' 'The Ladies' Gallery,' &c;, &c; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVI. — ( Continued.) Looking back it seemed to her that she had loved him from the moment in which she had opened her eyes from her 6woon in the inn at Cedar Hill and had seen the strong-liued face with its eagle look and piercing g:ize bent over her. She knew now what had made her speak out to him about herself as she had never spoken to any other human being, understood now her vague jealousy of Helen Cusack, knew why the burden of her marriage and her mother hood had of late seemed more intolerable. It was only nature speaking, and nature's eternal and unconquerable law defying thocreedjof con ventions. The truth flashed upon her in a moment. The quiet mastei f ulnesH of his abrupt composed declaration had given her no time for analysis, self-reproach, or indignation. He had not even asked her if she loved him. He had demanded^ nothing in return for his love. He had only told her of it that she might not scruple to make uso of him in any way that she pleased. There was nothing to make her alarmed or angry ; nothing which did not cauEe him to stand out in her imagination as a very knight of chivalry. Angry with him ! When he had brought and laid at her feet that which all her life she had held as almost too sacred for common earth — that which Bhe and Gladys had so mistakenly renounced as an ideal impossible of realisation. Though she had bidden him never speak those words again they would m&ke; music iu her heart for evermore. 'I love you — I love you.' She was essentially a pure woman, notwith standing the struggles in lver of laieiit capacity for passion. The thought of unfaithfulness to her Thusbaud did not occur to her— unfaithful- ness in the material sense ; of spiritual in fidelity there could be none, for the spiritual bond had never existed. As f ho lay back in her hammock, bathed in thiB stream of Ijeatitude which flowed over her whole beine:, she forgot everything but the one blessed and glorious fact that had come into her life and transfigured it. She forgot that her bondage was still upon her, that her hus band would be with her in a few moments, and that his children and hers were welcoming him home. The sun was setting. The storm clouds had spread higher and looked lurid from the red reflection. Ning's voice sounded below,then Tregaskiss'a shout, ' Hullo, piccaninny !'' and with it Clare awakened to reality. She got out of the hammock and was stand ing uncertainly, flushed and agitated, when her husband's heavy step sounded on the verandah stair and presently he was beside her. Geneste had remained below. 'Well, Clare,' he said, 'how are you? Geneste tells me you've had a touch of fever. I don't believe there can have been much the matter. By jovc, you have got quite a color. I never saw you looking better.' He put his big red hands on her shoulder, and kissed her in a rough, perfunctory sort of way. She was oddly Btruok by a certain, curious difference in the manner of his caress. She could not have defined wherein it lay, but was conscious of it, as a woman is intuitively conscious of any variation in the mood towards her of her life companion, whether the com-, panionship be congenial or the reverse. The old thrill of repulsion deepened in her with the whiff of stale brandy in his breath. She was sure, lie had been drinking rather heavily. His. haudsome face w.is red and puify, his eyes blood shot, and there was more than tho usual want, of nicety in his dress and appaarauca whioh. confirmed the impression. His voice, too, had' an indescribable thickness and h\ his manner there was a suppressed irritability mingled, with something roystering, a characteristic of. it accentuated now to a .greater degree than, . was 'customary, -?--?? - -? 'What has Geneste been doing here all this time ?' he. asked sharply ; and she wiuecd under the fiercejjleam of his eyes. He noticed the sign of discomposure. .''It'aell nonsense about his doctoring you. I don't believe in that sort of thing.' 'What do you mean?' ahe asked resent fully- 'He could have doctored you and gone back aeain. Lots of people have fever and go about just the eame except when the shakes are on them. And fellows have been talking— snig- gering and making remarks about his devo tion to his patient. It isn't as if he was a regular doctor. The butchers started it, Uganda way, and Cusack^vith his damned impudence chaffed me about leaving you to be Bick- nureed by a good-looking man. 1 ' Is that why you came home ?' ' I came to see bow you were and to send Genaste about his business. I don't choose him to be hanging round making love to my wife. He^is not such a tremendous_Baint, as they could tell you further north.' She reddened, but restrained the indignant impulse to contradict him. 'It's beastly cheek,' Tregaskiss went on. *'I was very much annoyed at his way of speaking to me just now. Seemed to imply that I had been to blame. Does he suppose I am going to stand still and have my pro perty destroyed without stirring a hand to prevent it ?' Tregaskiss fumed on. In a calmer mood it might have been evident to her that his dis: satisfaction had its rise partly in jealousy, partly in self-reproach. She stood still, silent, a rush of conflicting emotions torturing her. She was inwardly shame- stricken, indignant, choked with a passionate aversion from her husband, all the keener because the accusation had not unfounded} and she was unable to stand forth and contemptuously repudiate it. For it was true that Geneste had told her he loved her. But that he 'had made love to her !' No ; that he had not done — would never do. She felt outraged— her holy of holies had been desecrated. An abominable construction had been put upon what to her was sacred. This, in other and minor matters, had always been the case when her finest self had come into contact with Tregaskiss's coarser personality. Now the feeling gained a new acuteness from the sanctity of the emotion upon which he was trampling. She said at last, in a studiously quiet voice, ' If you want to know whether I have been ill or not you have only to ask Mrs. Rarnm — Dr. Geueste rode all the way and back to their camp one night to fetch her. It is bis care which has probably saved me from a bad time. You will remember that when he came over I vras alone, except for the Chinamen and Claribel and Gusta. Not even Mr. Shand was here. That was why he stayed. As to; ? the other part, I have nothing to say. I think you must have exaggerated Mr. Cusaek's chaff, which could notliave been meant as you put it. I believe Dr. Geneste means to go back to Darra to-morrow. Please, Keith, for your own sake as well as mine, do not be rude to him, for he has done us both a great kindness, and 1 ~am 6ure you would be sorry afterwards if you offended him.' She walked past Tregaskiss into her own room without waiting for him to reply. Then she became terrified lest he should follow her, but he did not come. Something down below attracted his attention and he yelled out a reprimand to one of the black boys, . .ind presently went noisily down the stairs. By and-bye she heard him in the back verandah asking Geneste quite good-humoredly to come in and have a nip before dinner. His anger had been only bluster and she need not have alarmed herself. Tregaskiss, like most bullies, ?jvas a moral coward. Ning came in fresh from her bath to have her white frock and red sash fastened. She exhibited a new doll which Daddy had brought her from Uganda and which the told ner mother Miss Lawford had dressed for her. The last piece of information gave Clare a clue as to Tregaskiss's delayed return, and she understood that he had been finding an excuse for himself by blaming her. She felt too contemptuous to be greatly an noyed. From Tregaskiss's reports to her of earlier conversations with the little governess she knew that Miss Lawford permitted a free dom of flirtation which appealed to her husband's temperament and desire for variety. It had never occurred to her that Miss Law ford's influence could prove dangerous to her own. She dressed for dinner, holding back the hysterical sobs which rose in her throat and mentally flying from the vague terror with which the situation impressed her. And yet all through her dressing her mind was pervaded by the thought that Geneste's eyes would meet hers for the first time 6ince he had told her that lie loved her and that for the first timo too in her life she must play a part abhorrent to her nature — that of a wife with a secret love for another man to conceal. Geneste pitied her intensely when she ap peared and took her place before the tea tray. He saw bow pale she was and with what an effort she kept her composure. He avoided looking at her or addressing her too directly, but vigorously sustained conversation with Tregaskiss and Shand, asking about the late sale to the butchers, particulars of the Btrike, the doings of the pastoralist committee, and the arrival of the ' specials' from Port Victoria. There appeared to be a good deal of talk and preparation on both sides with little to show lor it in the way of cause or result. The strikers were reported to have collected in a body for the destruction of various stations and for summary vengeance upon the free laborers, but as yet, beyond trying to fire two woo'sheds and the slaughter of Tregaskiss's horse, had done no definite mischief. ' 'They are afraid to tackle Brinda Plains just yet,' said Tregaskiss, 'fot oldCusackis in such a blue funk that he has a force of police round the place and makes all his men sleep on the verandah, ready with their fire arms. You should hear Miss Lawford's account. It's rich, I can tell you.' 'Miss Lawford is Btaying with the Ococks, I hear,' said Geneste. ' Oh, I see you know all the Brinda Plains gossip,' cried Tregaskiss boisterously. 'The fair Helen, I suppose, keeps you well posted. 3y Jove, you know, she'll do thinking Jiereelf neglected for Mrs. Tregaskiss if you don't take care.' Clare's face was stony and Geneste took no notice of the insinuation, but pointedly turned the conversation to general topics. Tregas lass's geniality had a touch of the malignant. Geneste also noticed the change in ln's manner and attributed it to the deepening effect of Miss Lawford's society. TregaskisB was one of those men who cannot in any circumstances resist talking of the woman they admire, He repeated more than one of Miss Lawford'e sallies,' proclaiming that she was Bplendid com pany and that the Land Commissioner was tremendously, gone upon her but hadn't the ghost of a chance, for. Mimi Lawford liked a hian who was a man and had some 'go' in him; she wasn't one of your die-away women* always giving themselves airs of superiority. \- There .was a certain aggressiveness in his tone and as he spoke he glanced at his wife. It was the^' Two can play at that game' air of a schoolboy who ifi first .to prevent himself from being taken vengeance upon. Tregas ltfss'a methods were all of the elementary kind. They sat out in the verandah afterwards, but Clare gave herself no opportunity for a word apart with Geneste, nor did he appear to seek any. The baby cried and she went to her room and sat with it on her lap, conscientiously hushing it and guarding it from the mosquitoes till it sTept again, all the time with bitterness and revolt in her heart, and yet a remorseful tenderness for the small helpless thing which was bone of her bone, and which she could not cast from her, living symbol though it was of a bondage she loathed. When she went back the night had grown still and muggy, the clouds had blackened, and there were flashes of sheet lightning gleaming at intervals in the west. ' It means nothing.' Geneste was saying as she approached. ' These storms which don't come off are a bad sign.' ' Wo shall have to begin watering the cattle if it goes on,' said Iregaskiss, 'and that means extra hands and no end of expense and worry.' 'They're dying fast out Brigalow Camp way,' put in Shand. 'Another drought like last year will ruin the district.' 'And the squatters into the 'bargain,' growled Tregaskiss. 'Well, any how,' said Geneste, 'you are luckier than I am, Tregaski&B.; for you have got one bore at least to fall back upon.' How could he talk so quietly wnen for her the very air was full of stress and thrill and when lier heart was breaking under the strain of the position ? And yet she admired him for his calmness, which she assured herself mast come from the very loftiness of his motive. He meant only her good and desired nothing but the right to help her as unselfishly as he could. Surely she uerself must be a creature of evil thoughts and wishes to be so weighed down and tossed and tormented. 'Mrs. Tregaskiss,' Geueste said, turning to her, 'you should remember you are only an invalid yet and ought not to sit up late. I shall have to Bay good-bye when I bid you good-night, for I am starting home very early to-morrow morning.' 'Good-night, then, and good-by,' she said, holding out her. hand. He took it and all that night his touch seemed to linger with her like a living thing. 'Good-night. I am very much obliged to you for having had me for so long and I shall leave, feeling a good deal more comfortable about you than when I came. I think you are pretty safe now from bad days.' Clare answered with a commonplace. ' He had been very kind. She hoped that he would not find station work had, been neglected during his absence.' 'Oh no; I've got a very good stockman. Tregaskiss, you won't forget that you are to bring Mrs. Tregaskiss over the first opportunity to see my diggings. It -would be capital if we could manage the expedition to Euugella at the same time.' Tregaskiss agreed. He didn't see why they shouldn't do it before the worst heat had come on ; and they might get Helen Cusaci; aud Miss Lawford to join, as well as Gillespie aud Blanchard and the lot of them. ' Can I get you a lamp, or candle, or any thing''' Geneste asked formally, as Clnre was turning to her part of the house. 'No, thank you; I have a lamp in my room,' she answered and so they parted. The night was ghastly, the storm ending in wind and dust, with low grumblings of thunder and faint flashes of lightning. Clare lay awake, every nerve strained, 'waiting for her husband's entrance. When he came at last she pretended to bo asleep, but she could hear him heavily fumbling with his clothes and boots as he undressed and she stealthily crept to the very edge of the bed, holding herself quito still till lie should be asleep, so that she might get up and go out to the hammoclc in the verandah. She did this many nights. Chapter XVII.—' Faib Ikes.' 'What am I to do about Gladys Hilditch ? Clare said one day to her husband. ?'Let her find her own way up from Port Victoria,' he answered crossly. *' She is rich and can afford to pay for a buggy and pair of horses. ' ' Keith, wouldn't it bo possible for you to go and fetch her ':' , ' Not if I know it. Fve got neither time nor animals. You seem to forget that we are ordered to keep 10 horses in the paddock in case of the specials wanting them, and that every squatter must have a horse and a man in readiness to give an alarm if necessary. Mrs. Hilditch cau wait till the strike is over.' ' I can't believe in the strike or get up any E roper cense of our danger,' said Clare, with a mgli that annoyed Tregaskiss. 'The unionists seem only trying to .frighten the squatters. They say Mr. Cusack id nearly over his shear ing and is getting his wool loaded and nothing has happened.' 'You wait and see,' oracularly replied Tre gaskiss. ' Other people in the district don't take things so easily. 'WelL at any rate, hero's Mr. Chance, who hasn't taken the trouble to get in his 10 horses or to ask the specials to look after his station,1' said Clare, turning to Cyrus Chance, who, during one of his periodic stoppages on his way to Port 'Victoria was present m the verandah while the colloquy took place. 'I'm no one to get scared at a screech, Mis tress Tregaskiss,' said old Cyrus, smiling grimly. 'The strikers know that, and they know too that if they burned down my wool shed Fd buy up every lawyer in Leiohardt's Land to have the law on them, just as I mean to do to get off my black boy Andy.' 'Andy !' repeated Mrs. Tregaskiss, 'mur- dered one of his tribe, didn't he ? I hear the police caught him up Brinda way and chained him to a tree in the paddock, but he got loose and they said some white man must have undone his handcuffs.' 'Ay,' returned Chance. 'It's true there was a white man camped close by Brinda Creek last night and lie did undo Andy's handcuffs. Fm a hard man, Mistress Tregas kiss, and a grinper on the whites, as they say up here, but I've never held with hunting down the blacks and making laws for them when they've got their own1 tribe laws to do the work, Andy killed the other black because he .had taken away his gin; -and that's his affair, Bay I, and not Queen Vic toria's.' ' Tregaskiss laughed. 'You've got a nip ping way of putting things, Chance.'' ' It's likely that 1 have, Mister Trogaskiss.' Chance studiously made Use of the prefix, ' but I've studied the subject of colonisation and Fve no opeehion of Britishers when they get the upper hand of savages. As far as that goes I may be a gripper right enough and my heirs will be the better for it, but I never wronged white nor black, and I've made up my mind to get Andy off if I pay for it with all my Leura property. I don't like folks that go after other men's wives no more than I like folks having wives of their own who go sweethearting other young women — of a sort.' The contempt of Mr. Chance's ' of a sort' pointed the allusion. Tregoskias reddened angrily. *? It's pretty safe on the Leura where you haven't got to put your theories into practice for a fellow to maintain like that speechifying chap at Uganda that the squatters have taken the Macks' country and are bound to kill a bullock for them every now and then. I'd like to see you killing the bullock, Chance. And that reminds me— we're very much obliged to you for your present to my wife the other day. Six bottles of porter, by jove ; that was a magnificent shell out for you, Chance— quite the millionaire touch, eh ? But I think I can afford to buy her her drinks.' 'I'm glad to hear it, Mr. Tregaskiss,' said Chance, his small whitey- brown face turning pale with suppressed anger. ' I'm glad to know you are in such a flourishing condition. There are reports going— perhaps you may have heard them — about the bank being ready to come down on Wombo, and I'm pleased for your wife's sake to know that there's no truth in them. I think I'll say good day now, Mistress Tre gaskiss. Good day to you, Mr. Tregaskiss. I'll not trespass upon your hospitality by sitting in your verandah any longer.' 'Don't hurry,' said Tregaskiss sulkily. ' I'm off, and since you won't bo neighborly and take anything ? ' 'No, I thank you, Mr. Tregaskiss. I've got my damper and junk at the camp, but if you've trot a bit of green hide rope to spare I'll be pleased to buy it from you for a halter for one of my packhorees— at the market price, Mr. Tresgaskiss — at the market price.' 'Your price is always a goodisb bit below the market one, Chance, and I could afford to let you have that for nothing. But since you're so beastly proud you can pay what you please. You'll find me out by the meat store when you are ready.' And so he went off. ' Your husband seems to be more prosperous than folks on the Leura give him credit for, Mistress Tregaskiss,' said the old man, eyeing her keenly. ' It surprises me, for money isn't like a boomerang, it doesn't come back after you've thrown it 'away ; and times are bad.' Clare looked uncomfortable. 'Please don't mind what Keith says, Mr. Chance, or take him too literally.' ' No, I don't. No, I don't do that,' said Chance, with a chuckle. 'If I had he'd have done me in the eye before now. He don't like me, nor I him.' ^ ' Well, at any rate, Mr. Chance, you and I will always be good friends.' 'Yes, that we'll be. And mind you what I said to you last time I was here. Nurse your babies and turn 'em into blessings, and remem ber this, I've formed my own opeenions and I keep niy mouth shut on 'cm. You needn't be afraid to tell rue if you're in a bit of a tight place— I wasn't thinking in the way of money,' he added cautiously. 'No, I know you weren't, -and I shall re member. I'm rather in trouble now. My friend Gladys Hilditch is at Port Victoria and you heard what Keith said, and I am wonder ing if you could help me any way to get her up here. Perhaps Mr. Cusack or Mr. Car niody or somebody from one of the Btations may be down and would bring her part of th(; way, anyhow. I can't tell you how obliged I'd be if you would see and ask them from me.' 'Gladys Hilditch, Gladys Hilditch,' re peated Chance slowly, with his queer intona tion dwelling on th'e name. 'That the one I called Fair Ines, isn't it ? She that comes from the west. To dazzle when the sun's gone down, eh ? I know, I know. Well, I'm not much in the way of womenkind, Mistress Tre gaskiss. I hate the lot of them ; and I never knew a lady, so to speak, till I came across you. I've sometimes thought I may have missed something, but it's too late now. Fair Ines ! I'll see if I can do anything for ye, Mistress Tregaskiss, but I won't promise to go nigh the creature myself.' He departed with this doubtful promise, upon which nevertheless Clare placed some reliance. Sure enough a little while later two riders might have been seen one afternoon at sunset approaching through the gidya clearing, followed by a pair of black boys driving several pack horses and one of the riders was a lady quite unlike any of the Leura ladies and the other was Cyrus Chance. Lona, the black gin who was ecout to the establishment, r««i up to tell the news. ' Mine think it that cobbou budgery White Mary,' was Lona's announcement. ' Altogether lady that fellow. No jump-up fellow like it some Leura lady.' Which showed that Lona was a savage of discrimination. It was- Gladys Hilditch — Gladys looking like a queen in exile or a Burne Jones picture of a mediffival lady on horseback minus the feathers. But for the absence of these Mrs. Hilditch amply atoned by a cunning arrange ment of gauze upon her picturesque broad brimmed hat. Gladys was nothing if not picturesque and she always had the knack of wearing original, becoming, and suitable garments, sufficiently different from those of anybody else to give her distinction and mark her individuality. Any other Englishwoman would have appeared in ordinary English riding dress, but Gladys' grey habit, her coat which was a suggestion from the Louis Quinze period, hsr fine batiste shirt, frilled with point de Paris and' curved cavalior hat were a sort incarnation of all South Kensington and Tite- street culture dropped suddenly into Leura barbarism. She was a very beautiful woman— more beautiful now than in the old days, for during her married life, when she had had money in plenty and little else to distract her— in the early part of it, at any rate— she had brought the art of dressing herself to perfection. Her face was Greek in type, only less statuesque, and with the curving back lips and slightly hollowed eye orbits which belong rather to the days of chivalry. She did not look in the least dusty or dishevelled, though she had riddeu all day over the scorching plains; her reddish yellow. fringe was parted upon her forehead and crLukled as evenly as though it had just been arranged by a skilful hairdresser. Her delicate skin, smooth as 'the leaf of a flower, was not burned nor roughened;^ her ,eyes, deep violet, limpid and large, were uncUmmed by fatigue ; her thin grey, habit was immacu late, her batiste unruffled, and the little et-eeteras of her toilet — her double eyeglass, with its long handle of dull silver, her grey gauntlet glove, her jewelled riding whip, the silver buttons of her coat — all seemed truly in keeping with the suggestion of a fair Ines come to dazzle a more primitive race. Seeing Clare hurrying from the upper verandah she jumped down from her horse, not waiting for anyone to help her, pulled off her gauntlets, rubbed her rose petal cheeks lightly with a handkerchief that exhaled a suggestion only of some rare and particularly re fined perfume, and was in the arms of her friend. ' Dearest Clare I' 'Oh, Gladys!' *' How thin you've grown, Clare !' 'And you— how young you look, Gladys ! And not a bit ill.' 'Oh, lam quite well now, and, dear, re member I was two years younger than you. Fm only just 30 and I've kept myself in cotton wooL' ' And you are thinking I have not done so. Am I so terribly changed, Gladys ?:- Gladys stood away and took a long fifaze before she replied. ' Yes— no ; yes, of course, you sphinx. You've got a look more — more— never mind, I'll explain when Fve made it out You are handsomer than you used to be, if that's what you want to know, though you are so thin, but it suits you. You look like like — Sarah Bcrnhardt, subtle and suggestive. Subtlety is what we are all trying for in these days,' Gladys went on in her soft sweet mono logue, 'so you should be satisfied. As for me, Fin sick of it. I've been done to death with modernity and all the rest. I've rushed on here to be rid of it ; but if you are going to come Ibsen's heroines over me I give things up. I was feeling quite euchauted with it all — the gum trees, and the niggers, ,and this sort of thing.' She gave a comprehensive wave of her hand. ' It'a a mixture of Miss Wilkin's New England stories and the Roman d'un Spahi. I've been asking that delightful specimen of an Australian man how it's mau aged. He's a bit of Miss Wilkius himself— only better.' She indicated with a little nod of her head Cyrus Chance, who was standing by the pack horse he had been leading, watching her with an odd smile on his grotesque face. He looked more odd and fusty than ever and his slight deformity more noticeable. 'Mr. Chance,' said Mrs. Tregaskiss, waking to the fact of his existence, ' How am I to thank you? This is a great surprise. I never dreamed that you would bring my friend to me yourself.' 'Oh, he wouldn't have done it if I hadn't insisted,' exclaimed Gladys, ' and he wouldn't have consented then but that I threatened to unpack my Rosalind costume— I played her ouce in one of the pastoral plays, dear — modelled after Ada Ilehan, and ride after him^ with the cowboys or stockmen, or whatever you call them. He said that wouldn't be be coming in an English lady. I told him that Mary Stuart had done ltbefore me and that she was a good precedent. But he doesn't ap prove of Mary Stuart ; she wasn't domestic enough to please him. He declares ehe mur dered Bothwell; we had quite an argument over the Casket Letters. To think of his having gone into the Casket Letters business ! Then X quoted the Empress Theodora ; but he was horrified at rny having read Gibbon. Fancy his knowing Gibbon. He says he educated himself on Bohn's Library and cheap litera ture. He is a perfect type. And he hates women. ? I never in all my life came across a misogynist before. I am determined that he shall not hate me for I like him immensely, and so I am going to reform him and I shall let him try and reform me. I settled it for him on the way along. He wouldn't talk to me at first— wanted hms to ride behind between him and the black boys ; but I said that if he was going to be disagreeable I should get down and unpack my Rosalind dress and put it on, and that finished the argument.' (To be continued. ) 