Union of the Churches, TU TIIH EIIITOlt, Sir,— I am Borry that Fathor O'Oallaghan pressed tho analogy betweon Tlohborno and the Church of Rome furthor than I had any Intention of doing.) ^ If it offends him I will gladly substitute tho won! 'claimant,' whloh I simply intended to aocontuate by a case vory familiar to all, However, Fathor O'OMlaghnn Is angry with mo for using tho analogy, bocauso It falls completely in a particular whloh, 1 grant, Is of the first Im portanco, and as tho representative of hit Church, ho does woll to point tho flngor of scorn st nnn, who to most ponplo appears to bo allowing Blgns of reformattim In ceasing to attempt to pass himself off for what he is not, and standing ' telf- eonfeaei ' like tho Publican (St, Luke xvlll, II), Lot him quote Mucaulay, bo will not gainsay mo j nnd If Fathor O'Callaghan can find any ipiritmU crumb of comfort In hit assertion that 'thoro never was on this earth a work of human polity so well deserving of ex amination ns the Roman Church ' etc., I nopo ic win aaiisry Ills hunger I It Is pitiable to hear him prying to '?' Nonconformist' for a drop nf water I His.' quotations read vory much like testimonials ..to a quack doctor. 'Dr. Duflot ha-vory'Bkllful.mnn ; sinco his coming an ong uc ho, ban . been drawing crowds of people, ns well, as drawing their teeth, and people havo given 'him their mnne.' almost without asking. Thero never was such a clover man down this way. Ho has been all over tho world, and he has left tho samo memory of himself wherever holme been.' I havo no doubt Father O'Oallagban's testimonials arc genuine and thnt they have been written in good faith, but I should like to have a little talk with thoso who gave them, as I am going to do with Macaulay j nnd if I cannot show from him that I am being imposed upon I shall bo much mis taken. For my part, I accept all that Slacaulay states throughout that cssiyj and coming back to the original cause of this discussion I am also quite iwilllng to coneur.in accept ing him as an umpire. As Father O'Callfgbun has appealed to Macaulay, to Macaulay ho shall go. The following quota tion Is taken from the same essay, only a fow pages further on :— ' It is Impotribte to deny that tho polity . of tho Church of Homo is tho meuterpkee of li umnn wisdom. .... Tho experience of 1,200 years, the Ingenuity and patient care of 40 genera, tions of Slntcsmeo, have Improved that polity to such perfection, that among the contrivances which have been devised for de ceiving and oppressing mnnkind it occupies the highest place. Tho stronger tho convic tion thut rcasin nnd Scripture weredecldcdly on the side of Protestantism, tho greater is the reluctant admiration with which we re gard that system of tactiet, against which reaBon and Scripture were employed in vain.' (My italics.) I leave It to your readers to judge how far thoso tactics have been employed in tho pre sent discussion. I would only remind them that this correspondence arose through an attack upon a statement in one of my ser mons, to the effect that 'the Church of Rome claimed to have' the power to add to tbo deposit of the Faith, and to impose new terms of communion at pleasure.' I made this statement and proved it In tho two In stances ot (1) The Doctrine of tho Immacu late Conception (1854), and (2) That of the Infallibility of tho Pope (1870), by («) Wonls taken by myself from tho ?? Summa ' of St. Thomas Aquinas, and (i) Kccnan's ' Controversial Catechism' published with tho Approval of Archbishop Hughes, ot New York, and of tho four R.O. Scotch Bishops, in 1846 nnd 18511, which contain this ques tion :— ' Must the Catholics believe the Popo to bo Infallible .' ' Answer :— 'This Ik a 1'rote.taHt inrntiun, it is no Artlelo of tlie Catholic Church. No dcclnion of hi* can bind, on pain ofherrty, unless it be received and enforced by tho teaching body, that Is, hy the bUhopt nf the Church.' Whether or not Lord Mucatflay was justified In his opinion of Romin tactic* may he judged by thu fact that when the Dogma of Infallibility wns madn a nmilition of meubfrMj) In tho Church of Rome, this question and answer wore quietly dropped out of the book by a clover re-arrangcment of tho type without nutr or rnmnmit, but pnlns have been taki-n In mnko It. seem the very same edition and the wry samo thou sandth of that edition I What w-u hrremj in 18S4 Is orthodoxy since 1870. A wonder ful feat on the part of i,the Dlahipa: of the Church I An Episcopal somersault I It wns my statement thus supported, that Father O'CiUaghan attacked, and to over throw it he nmerted that the action of the Roman Church ' has always beon .the- same from the day the Apostle St .Peter, the first Pope ami Vlcir of Christ said. . , , 'It sccmetb good to the Holr Ghost and to Us,' etc., till tho lost General Council of the Church.' Unhappily for Father O'Calla ghan's argument St Peter did not say those words, but the Council of which he was only a member, //'he bad said them, and if it could be shown tbat he was infallible, and if it could he shown that the Popo is the legitimate successor to his Infallibility, then Father O'Callagban would havo proved bla oaso ; but tho vary first '/ brings us to tho foot thnt It was the Council— and not St Peter— who spoke Infallibly. But as St Peter did not sar them, hn must Im made to iBay thom. (Holy Scripture must bo made to Imitate tho feat of the'BlshopO. And an If Father O'Callsghan's whole argument did not rcit upon St. Fetor hav ing e-ld thom, ho pleads ?' Inadvertonco,' mlnroprencnU mo, as Ignoring St. Foter'a proicnce In the Council, and drags tho ' red horrlng '—the origin ot Christianity In Eng land— acrosi the path to divert attontlon from his own somewhat similar performance. As St. Peter did not promulgate that decree —but the Conncll— Kecnan's original cate chism rai nnt far from the truth ; and tho Church of llomo, in recognising tho Voice of the Pope as Infallible, docs not bel|ave is it did In 1854, and docs not act as It did In tho days of tho Apostles. And In making ? i — — tho holding of tbo ?- Infallibility ' ono of tho tcrmi of oommunitm with hor, she proves ray contention ilint hor doctrine to-day is not that ol the ago of tho Apostles, ,, The cnnflloting assertions of two Infai. llblo (?) Popes-St. Gregory tho Great and Bonlfaco VIII.— quoted In my last lottor, ate . tufficltnt additional witness If suoh were needed. Having shown how F. O'Oallaghan manipulated Lord Rosobery, andthat his assertion ' that Ihoro was no Anglican Church boforo the Reformation ' is contra dieted by tho words of tho Maqna Vharta, and, I may add, by every Aotof Parliament boforo and since, which refors to the Church'. (Ho can find full roforoncos In Dr Ingram's work ' Boghmd and Rome' whloh may bo seen in this town.) I will give him this ono, of Bovoral quotations, from Sir George Bow year, tho honest old Roman Csthollo lawyor, to Bhow that tbat Ohuroh was tho Fttab Ilihed Chunk before tho Reformation In tho samo boiibo that It Is now, and I will not manipulate It to Borvo my purpose (he, as a modern Roman Catholic, naturally claiming that tho Pro-reformation Church was Roman, whloh I have sulllolently dis proved) :— ' Thoso anolent laws wore enacted wuoa me uoman uathollc Ohuroh was the Ohoroh eitnUiihed by law in England, and tho Parliament and tho Judges of thoso days held, rightly or wrongly, that- any. Interfer ence by the Holy Seo with that fMaUUhed CTwrMwasan interference with tho law or tho land.' (Lottor to Lord Stanhope, p, 17.) Perhaps Father O'Callaghan will say, ' Save mo from my friends.' Thoro Ib a way of speaking the truth which is worso than an ungarnished falsehood ; and It we had not fortunately detected in that little word 'human' lint Macaulay was bolng manipulated bs Lord Ilosobcry, and Holy Scripture, and Kecnan,otc.,havo been, the fraud would have paBsod undetected. I can excuso Father O'Callaghan personally of any wllfnl intention to deceive your readers. He Is the victim of his own system [ a sys tem which suppressed tho right and duty of free enquiry. It may serve his turn to quote to his own people from the manuals which aro authorised by hit Oburoh ; but when he enters Into controversy be will do well to remember that Roman ' tactics ' are sure to land their employees in tho pit which they sot for others. After this exposure your renders will form their own estimate of tho value of his other quotations j and if he chooses to continue this correspondence, I will leave him to amuse them with some more of his innocent ' jokes ' at my expense, and, like the cuttle fish, to cover his retreat under another of his copious efluBlons of Ink.— Yours, etc., O. F. M. FiELmsa. 