HOLLOWAY DRAMATIC COM PANY. “A LION’S HEART.” The second performance of “Judge Not” at the. Theatre on Saturday night was witnessed by a very fair house for a Saturday evening. The piece ran as smoothly as on the preceding. night; and was as heartily appreciated. This evening for tho first timo in Bendigo, Messrs Landed? and * Shirley’s romantic and stirring molo-drama in four acts, “A Lion’s Heart,” will be presented It will bo placed upon (be *tage in tho realistic and perfect manner that baa hitherto, characterised (ho prodnoMons of this company, in the first act (ho scone .la bel- in Dovonsbifc, where Dick .Lofunoro,. n young farmer, and his wife, Marion,, uro with Choir only child, Gjl-: bert, living.in rustic happiness. As a ghost they • have- been -entertaining a supposed Colonel R>bort Do Villefort, who has with him a valet, by uamo Gasptrd Dobro. Villefort has in reality only assumed this name, having stolen the necessary creden tials to on able him to do so, whilst his' valet - really 'been" bill companion j and accessory in a host.,of crimes, besides: being aware of one groat' robbory in which ! the KOMjallcd colonel was concerned. Whilst slsying.'at Lorimore’s bouse, Villefort falls in love with Mrs Lorimorc,, but is sternly rebuked by her and forced to leave tho liouse at once. Thenceforth ho plot? by all the machinations in his power to draw her into trouble, and eventually succeeds. Simul taneously a. circus proprietor .and tuner of wild beasts named Rizardo pitches his tent in the village in which l.onmoro lives, and in a casual mooting of these two the former, who is n amn of Horen loan strength, unfolds the story of bis married life, which, was briefly that after n period of an-: interrupted happiness, his wife was lured I away by a gentlemanly scoundrel, who took; also their little daughter Marion, upon whom the father centered keen affection. Rizardo ■ devotes his energies to trying to discover the wife and child, and to wreak his vengeance — the vengeance of death.-!-on the man . who bad i wrecked his happiness. When it is mcn-i Honed that the name of this man whs Gaspard- Dobro, the valot, and that his child is no; other than Mrs Lori more, it will be soon that the plot grows exciting. The. succeed tog acts! show bow -the plot.of the first vilijan is; gradually frustrated, and tbo wife is rostered - lo her husband, 'chiefly through the agency of I Dobrt>i-Ibo whrtom companion of. Villefort, • who in roveuge for illtroatmont by the latter has divulged (he whole scheme. Rizardo, j who bag been seeking to kill Dobre, forgives j tbo Utter in his dying moments, explains-thot' Marion Lori more is bis long lost child, and. bring* tbo husband and wife togobher again in unalloyed bliss. 