1 The Exile's Daughter; OB, A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE. --.V T ... ... , _ . . . ' W t >» it'l Sv,s \ W ir \ , ' / BY JOSEPH HATT0Ne ,r Author of 4 Cruel London," "Olytie," " Three Recruits," "Under the Great Seal, M By Order of the Czar," eto., etc. CHAPTER XI.— Continued. Adser hated to have Mr Lathkill speak to her as if he thought her one of the ordinary silly, frivolous lasses that she allowed were common enough in shops and oars ana sucn lJKe places. Spite of her lowly station and her un conventional manners she was just as proud in her way as the "best lady in the land. Not only in words, but in her sudden silences, in protesting "Ohs," in her quick repartee, and by an occasional toss- of her head, she gave Geoffrey to understand that if they were to be friends he must treat her with respect and consideration ; for the more she found herself liking him, the further indeed that she drifted into love with him, the more exacting she became on this score of courtesy. "Very well, then," she said, looking at him with an arch flash of her elo quent eyes, "have you ever had a sweetheart?" "Yes, one," he said, with acted de- mureness. "Only one?" she asked, raising a cross-examining forefinger. " Only one in earnest," he replied. "And where is she now?" "I don't know." "Did she jilt you?" "No." "Did you jilt her?" . "No." "But she is not your sweetneart now?" Adser asked, with a little hurry of increased interest. "No." "Oh," said Adser, with an unmistake- able sigh of relief. "She was a beautiful girl," said Geoffrey, in something of his former tone of banter. "Of course," said Adser. "A lovely figure." "No doubt," said Adser. 'The loveliest hair." " Had she really !" said Adser, with a little scoffing laugh. "And she could sing divinely." "I shouldn't wonder," said Adser, "and how came you to let he slip?" "I don't know what she had to. her fortune, but quite a large sum," said Geoffrey, not noticing Adser's last .question. "I wonder that didn't decide you," said Adser sharply. . "Oh, then, you think I would marry for money?" "If you wouldn't you're a grand ex ception from all I've heard of men making up to rich lasses and widows wi' brass." "Brass?" said Geoffrey. "Money, it's all the same," said Adser, "we call it brass! in the Peak." "I'm sorry you have such "a poor opinion of me," said Geoffrey, pretend ing to be hurt. "Nay, I dare say you may be the ex ception to money-marriers ; you're an exception in so many other ways ; but what became of yonder lass, your only sweetheart wi' the fine figure, the lovely hair and the divine voice?" "I'm afraid she joined the Salvation Army," Geoffrey replied, once more his natural self, with that little sugges tion of banter, however, that troubled_ Adser, because it seemed like "making fun of her." He pleased her most when he was serious and talked what she called sense, and told her about some of ! .the wonders he had seen beyond the seas. "What wi' a tambourine and a great hulking fellow banging the drum under her aristocratic nose ?" Adser . ex claimed. "I can't say whether, it had drums and tambourines in it, but it was some ; kind of a Salvation Army ; I know that I wouldn't take the shilling and become a. recruit ; so we couldn't agree about it, and " " Don't you think you should tell that story to the marines, as our Zodack Bradford would say ?" " To the marines ?" repeated Geof frey, smiling at the familiar phrase, that sounded oddly on Adser's lips. " Yes." "And who are your marines in Castle- ton ?" _ - " Nay, don't ask me. Zodack will tell you. But you seem to be in one of your funny whims to-day." " No, I don't think so; if it is not ex actly true to the letter about that sweetheart of mine and the Salvation Army, at all events, she had such strange ideas of evangelisation and giving up all one's life to the work of the Master, and so on, that I found if ever I' made up my mind to marry her that I should be a very secondary per son in the partnership, so it was off. Not, mind you, Miss Blythe, that I was really in love; no, and have never been that I know of; though it is rather sus picious this long stay I am making in Castleton, eh ?" Adser did not reply, hut walked on by his side silently. Then he attempted to take her hand; which she resented with a flushed face, and hurried on, as if she would leave him. " Don't go, Miss Blythe. You pro mised to show me the way, you know." " Yonder's Sol Tidser," she said. " He'll show you," and thereupon run ning towards Sol, who was sitting with a book in a grassy undulation of the mountain walk, she called out, " Sol Tidser, hi Sol taking no notice, she gave out her signal- whistle, that was something like a boatswain's call, and Sol looked up, and was on hiscrooked legs in a mo ment. " Sol, here's a job for you," she said. " Mr Lathkill wants you to show him the way to the Castle — not Castle Hotel — Peveril's, and down t'other side be yond Cavedale, and into the highway." "All right; I'm your man, sir," he said, running back to Lathkill; while Adser, without another word, fairly flew along the ridge, and soon disap peared beyond the remains of the. once gloomy fortress, where, suddenly re connoitring the country far and near, now shading her eyes, and now lying down as if to listen, she dropped down by the side of a bit of jutting crag, then sat still a little while; and finally, in a most mysterious way, slid put of sight altogether. Old Mucklethorpe was not surprised while going his rounds with a party of visitors from .Liverpool. to meet Adser coming from the furthermost end of the Cave. It was a trick she had often played him. He never could guess how it was done; and on this occasion he was so pleased to see her that he did not trouble to say that he had not seen her go into the cavern, and nobody ex cept himself had the key. She had de serted the post of volunteer guide so long that he could only exclaim, "I am glad to see thee, lass; I do hope yo'U help me agin wi' visitors; I'm sore put to it wi'out yo." Adser only laughed, and said she'd see about it; but just then, she had other things to attend to. 'What other things did not transpire. Adser simply walked quietly home, went to; Zodack's ; room, sat in an easy chair, that lie ; called her throne, and watched, him chasing , with aflne-pointed needle a piece of shining minneral that- was whirling round and round on his lathe, like an impaled deathshead moth; and Adser felt as if her own heart was being similarly tortured 1 CHAPTER XII. — ADSER BLYTHE Si¥l3 JFOR HER PORTRAIT. It was ' 'quite a week after this inci dent of -the walk over Mam Tor before Geoffrey had induced Adser to sit for him in his extemporised studio at the ; Laurels. He had done everything in his power to regain her friendship, though .he hardly knew how he had offended her. . Once or twice he had made sketches bf her at the entrance of the Cavern iihen he had also been studying, or professing to study," the general effects the scene. Once he had introduced ' Tregarron into a group of the ropers and, hoping . to conciliate the Welsh man, had shown him the result, but Tregarron only scowled at it, and re marked that a photograph was good enough for a rope-maker. Geoffrey was delighted when it was settled that Adser should sit for him. He had begun to feel that a day with out a talk with the girl was a lonely business. By no means unsophisti cated in the art and practice of flirta tion, he nevertheless hardly knew how firmly this girl of the Cavern had taken hold of his fancy, and how deep an im pression she was making on his heart. The truth is, he did not think about it. She amused him. It was a new1 pleasure to talk to so fearless yet so. timid a girl, and one who was so natu rally and unaffectedly beautiful. She seemed to lead him on, and when, as he thought, he was surely winning the confidence she would suddenly fly out at him, or sulk, or run away, just as she had done that day on the moun tain. But Adser was quite unconscious of leading him on. She had no subtle plan of making him love her; but she was impressing him in a way that kept her continually in his thoughts. He had quite looked forward to her visit to the Laurels. When she arrived he plotted all kinds of subjects for conver sation. He liked to hear her talk. Even the blemish of her dialect did not affect him unpleasantly. He found a pecu liar music in her voice. Her laugh was genuine and mirthful, and her teeth fairly shone when she was merry. Geoffrey had never seen a complexion so healthfully pale. It had nothing in common with the enemic poverty of blood that accompanies the pallor of the Londoner. Her lips were red, her eyes bright, and now and then a flush stole into the fair cheeks that to Geof frey seemed perfectly beautiful. Adser was sitting near an open win dow partly shielded from the morning sun by an outer blind. She was dressed as Geoffrey had wished in the brown serge and old- fashioned sun bon net in which the artist had first seen her. They had chatted about various things while Geoffrey was busy getting his easel and his palette ready. He was purposely dawdling, and Adser was in a good talking humor. Presently from the weather and the opposition Adser had encountered at home on Geoffrey's proposal that she should sit to him he asked her who was the remarkable person they called Scarthin Blythe. "Oh, he's a queer lot," said Adser, "he's my uncle, where have you seen him?" "One day coming out of the Cottage, and on another occasion going into" the tumble-down old place they call the Traveller's Rest ; the swinging sign is still there,- but I didn't notice much, in the way of rest for travellers ; -even the sign was creaking in a very doleful way." "Yes," said Adser, "it's generally a bit windy . there ; it's a rum kind of " place Scarthin's smithy." "Oh, do they call it a smithy?" "Some folks do; he's got a bit of a blacksmith's shop at the back, where he shoes his own horses; oh, he's a hard lot is Scarthin Blythe ; I don't know that any of my family's much to boast of; but even Granny Blythe can't stand Scarthin; though they say he's as rich as a Jew; he's gotten his hand on many a poor farmer's homestead, I've heard say;' but I don't know much about him except that when he. speaks to me I feel as if somebody was walking over .my grave. Eh, but YPU. should go through Winnats at night ; they call it ' gate o' the winds,you know; and; there's been ;no end oft. murders done there; lhst naah killed there, howeverj was years and years ago; he was in a Glos- sop bank; he 'was running away, with stolen money; his horse went over a nasty bit right into the Winnats and he broke his neck; old Scarthin married his widow a month or two after, and made a drudge of her, and she looks as much like a ghost as a real boggart, they say, though I've only seen her about twice. I've heard a deal about boggarts, but I never saw one; I don't believe in 'em; if there'd been such things I should have come across one for certain in the Cavern. Eh, but I am chattering; I've never talked so much to anybody as I have to you, not even to Zodack Bradford." "I like to hear you talk," said Geoff rey, "besides you have so much to say that is interesting to a stranger." "I dare say; I often think Castleton and hereabouts may seem very queer to visitors, especially if they stay long enough to get to know all about the place." "It is a very romantic village," said Geoffrey, "and the people are what you call mostly characters; now there's Staley Brentwood, what is he?" said Geoffrey, as he squeezed a fresh tube of color upon his palette. "He lives retired," Adser replied. "Lives retired?" repeated Geoffrey. "He was in the - Derby police, and married a widow with money." "And why does Mr. Tregarron dislike him so much?" \- "There are folk a man can't help hating; Zodack says it's their nature." \- "But was there not something about his being willing- to risk his life for you?" "Who told you that?" "Mucklethorpe." "He's a regular old woman for gossip, Mucklethorpe," said Adser, her eyes bent upon Geoffrey's palette, which was by this time radiant with color. " He seems a very amiable old fel low," said Geoffrey. "Oh, he's air right." "But how was it that he was willing to sacrifice himself?" "Oh, it was just nothing; the Cavern was flooded, and they thought I was in Roger Rain's house and couldn't get out; and Staley Brentwood volunteered to go after me, and he hadn't got as far as first dip in the Cavern when he was washed out like a drowned rat." Adser laughed heartily at the me mory of Staley's appearance on that memorable occasion. It was a musical laugh. Geoffrey thought he had never heard a laugh so genuine and so full of the enjoyment of life. "And where was Tregarron?" "Talking politics with Zodac Brad ford." "And you ? Were you in the Ca vern?" "That's telling," said Adser, with a little nod of the head implying mys tery. "And is it ever since Staley wanted to save your life that the member for Wales hated him?" "They always snarled at each other," said Adser, "but didn't Zodack tell you that old Mrs. Brentwood was jealous of Staley because he went and half drowned himself ?" Adser laughed again as she asked this, to her, most ridiculous question, pausing in the middle of her merriment to - offer -the comment of "Just fancy anybody thinking about Staley Brent wood — fifty if he's a day, and with a nose in everybody's business; they say he -was the most- ferreting sergeant of police that was ever known in Derby, . always finding something out which there was nothing at the bottom of. He spends most of his time wi' County po lice in the Peak and spies on folk for them." "Now, then, I am quite ready," said Geoffrey, placing a chair upon the plat-" form for Adser; "will you oblige me by taking this seat?" He offered his hand to her ; but she stepped upon the dais unassisted and sat down as if this was by no means her first experience of portrait painting. - "Thank you," said Geoffrey, "have you ever sat to an artist before ?" "Do they call photographers artists?" she asked, with a little hesitation. "The photographers call themselves artists," said Geoffrey. "But you don't," said Adser, still a little embarrassed... "Hardly," said Geoffrey. "I once had a photograph .taken for Zodack at Buxton; , he liked it;, I thought it was hateful." Geoffrey moved towards her with A view to pose her, but observing a cer tain stand-offish manner in the way she looked at him he merely stood below the platorm and directed how she -should sit. He found her apt in her in- a terpretation of his meaning, and began to make a rough crayon sketch of her. "We can talk while I work all the same," he said, noticing a somewhat fixed expression spreading over her. otherwise mobile features. "Very well," she said, putting off what Geoffrey called her submisive manner, which was one that came at intervals when she was puzzled or very much interested. "I mentioned Tregarron just now,5 he said, "by the way, I don't think he likes me much." "Oh, he's a character, you know," she said, recovering her habitual man ner; "it doesn't do to take too much notice of what he says; some folks 1 think too much before they speak; some think too little; Tregarron doesn't think at all ; he outs with whatever comes into his mind." "He likes you very much?" "Well, I've never done anything to make him go against me that I know of," said Adser ; "we've been brought up together, as you may say." "But they tell me he doesn't aspire to be your brother!" "How do you mean aspire?" "He has higher hopes." "Oh, Tregarron has all manner of fads, wants to see life, he says ; has had thoughts of being a missionary; says he envies my father who ran away to foreign lands; but there's soft heads in Castleton who. make out that he should be a member of Parliament like Duke's son. Such rubbish!" "He's a clever fellow, eh? Can make a good speech? Doesn't he write poetry?" " Lewis Tregarron knows more than most; but when you come to ' Lord Ullin's Daughter,' 'Mary the Maid of the Inn,' and verses of that kind, Tre- garron's only a rope-maker after all." "A very good rope-maker, but not S very good poet, eh?" "Have you heard him say the speech, 'Ruin seize thee, ruthless king?' " "No, is it very stirring?" "It isn't bad, and 'Men of Harlech," well, that isn't up to much, but, wants singing, he says. Have yott heard him sing?" "No. I have a great many pleasures to come I find." "Oh, I don't know about pleasures, but they say my father was the man to sing, and Zodack tells of his whistling like a blackbird." "He's coming home, they say." " Grandmother's heard that story any. time this two or three years." "Rich, they say." "I wonder he dare show his face in Castleton," Adser replied, with a slight drop of the corners of her mouth. "Oh, but he is your father," said Geoffrey, pausing in his pretended work to look at her. „ "Yes, that's it; and he left mother to die and me to be dragged up anyhow A nice father that! And if it hadn't been for dear owd Zodack Bradford, Nannie Blythe would have brought me up with a stick. Zodack had many a row with her about it; but that's long since. She has to be content to give 'me the length of her tongue now, In stead of her staff." "You've had rather a hard life, my, poor girl," said Geoffrey in a tone of pity. "Oh, no I haven't. I've had a very, good life as things go. I'm hot to be pitied. I don't know anybody that X envy, and nobody that I'd change places with?' Adser drew herself up proudly and Ge'offrCy "was quick to say, "My 'dear Miss Blythe, I don't commiserate you; I admire you. I don't know when it have seen a young lady whom I ad mire so much." ' "Oh, don't call me a young lady. said Adser, the flush on her face dying away to paleness. "I'm no young lady; young ladies don't get up at five In the morning, and make fire and get breakfast ready, and sweep up, and be guides to caverns, and go tramping about lanes and hills, and such Ilk?.". "There are girls who cannot being ladies though they are borff drudgery. Do you ever read fairy tales?" - -+ : "I've read 'Cinderella,' and 'Didfe Whittingtqn, and 'Jack/ and Zodack , has read some of 'Midsummer Nighty Dream' - to me— that beats fchem all, doesn't it?" "Yes, I think it does," said Geoffery, surprised at the answer. j.:: "Bottom! Oh, isn't he great If he'd been a bit mean he'd have been some (Commtncad publication, May 25.) Ijhing like Staley Brentwood— and, oh, you must-get' Zodack- to Chaff Treg&r-; r op about Parson Hugh and that other fairy tMe, or do you "ball it a play? yes, X know a comedy; it's got Tre- frarron put of saying look you and In- feed to goodness, Zodack says. It's where Llewellyn says he was born at Monmouth, and makes out it was where Alexander, the pig, was born, that sets rregarron going, and sometimes he's teal mad with Zodack, . but they come FoUnd after a bit, and then Zodack pete him to say, 'Ruin seize thee, ruth- jess King, confusion on thy banners ifrait. and it's enough to make a cat feugh." " It must indeed," said Geoffrey, de lighted with the girl's gossip. " Mr Bradford is your idea of a fine )aan ?" "How do you mean a fine man ?" she asked. " A fine character, a man to make a friend of," said Geoffrey. "Oh he's a man of a thousand is Eodack," she replied. "It's a wonder he never married." " It would have been a wonder if he. had ; who'd he have been likely to inarry ? Besides he's an old man." " Not So very old ; besides he was young once." "Yes," she replied thoughtfully, "of course, though I cannot imagine -fcodack ever being young, that is gad ding about, blackberrying, nutting, or wading in the streams for fish; he must -always have had old ideas." "Yet he is lively enough, and. nimble too." " Lively ! I should think he was, he's the life and soul of Castleton, and as for being nimble, he can get about .faster than, grandmother, without a stick; and you should hear them have a bit of a squabble, doesn't he get the better of her ! He told her one day she .fras a millwheel that run all day long gnd ground nowt, and I daresay you've hotlced that about her, hew she goes on, talk, talk, talk, and after all says nothing, unless it is some nasty things that angers you; I mean none of it's any good. Now I know what you're thinking, I can see it in the way you're Smiling ; you think I've got a long tongue of my own; pot calling the kettle black." "No, Indeed," said Geoffrey, "I like to hear you talk, you are so frank, and you're voice is sweet." " Thank you," said Adser, with a mock bow of her handsome head. "You'll be asking me to sing next." "You told me you could not sing, and X have asked you to whistle," said Geoffrey, smiling. " I only whistle when I'm giving signals to Mucklethorpe, or walking by myself down in the valley, or up above Peverill Castle." "I wish I might go on one of those rambles with you," said .Geoffrey, as if he were speaking to himself. "You'd set Castleton talking if you did," said Adser, "and I don't know that I haven't given them points Enough for gossip as it is in sitting for ifiy portrait; they all know about It." " Do you care ?" "Not I," said Adser; "I've flown in the face of Castleton many a time." "Indeed, in what way ?" "Oh, in many ways, in the way I've ; dressed my hair, and walking out of church once in the middle of the sermon — who's going to be talked,, to as If one was dirt by a curate on a pound a week ?" " I certainly would not," said Gepf- frey. Then there was a pause, during which Adser wondered why getting . ready to begin painting took so long, and if it always consumed so much time why Mr Lathkill did not get ready before she arrived " Won't you tell me something else?" Geoffrey asked pvesently. "I can't think of anything just now; you said you'd tell me something about that young lady that you think is the same that Mr Jerry Bray was telling lis about being in Sheffield when he Was there, and they say Is coming through the Peak with her banner and her singing women." "Yes, I will tell you all about her with pleasure, but another time; I want you to sit quietly now for a little while." "Very well," said Adser. "I don't mean to insinuate that you feave not been sitting quietly all the time." "Oh," said Adser. . 'We will go on with our chat soon." Very well," said Adser. " Are you ready to begin?" "Yes," said Geoffrey, stepping up to the platform. "Permit. me. Turn your Aegd a little this way, please." He laid his hand upon her shoulder, a familiarity, slight as it was, that she let etyn understand by a glance of her ex pressive eyes that she did not like. "Pardon me," said Geoffrey, who un- !!erstood the silent protest as well as f it had been expressed in the most raphatlo words. (To be continued.) 