A WESTERN LANDLORD. ' [?] Bat all young dootors an not an largo and white and tall ot vigorous blood as Brother. bind as tho haok rambled with bim into Millport. Tho whole snowy ooantry was steeped in moonlight, which threw baok a OrakknThfsbtdowr ota flour M foil ov" tho haok as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-offico where tho maU bag ought to bo delivered. It was alter 10 o'aloak. Tjic vebiolc stopped midway ot the onslong street, at oneo the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bsg, exchanging a word with tho Esok driver. This half-asloep and woather-hardoned bo. ! inn then bumped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern which appeared to lie directly £g£? thouponbmmdh less white prahio. In those railroadlossdays Chicago seemed nearly ob remote as China to the inland Illinoiean. Broiharton jumped a glazed mud levee and taoantea that unpaved path need by the vil. I lagers as a side walk. It led direotly aoross appeared through tho window, showing oandy jars and modioine bottles there dimly displayed bohind the fretwork ol frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man's voiae growling all the time on tho other aide 0,B ' ' tb ton li pea nto a drnggy atrnos phero and ohook hands with hie red-headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranoed by sleep, reinstalled the door and took up a tin oandie- stiok oovexed with stalagmites of anoient tallow. ' Iii"ft yonr folks wall ?" "Yes, quite well. You didn't expect me lo-night, did you?" ! 44 Yes," yawned the partner, " I've ex- jpeoted yon every night. We never know rhen that hack will got in any more." 44 It broka into a slow this side of the Bod iPnmp tavern," said Brothorton, " and I thought Cor a oouplc of boars we'd have to leave it tbero and ride tho borees in," 11 You look like yon'd beou prying a baok Jontof a dew," observed hi partner lowering ' 'bis oandlostick toward Brotherton's mnddiod and frozen trowcors. " Well, old Vesuvius is red lint." ' Blessed be the dovil that tends her fires," said Brothorton. " Now, Doe., now.," remonstratod the rod- bsadod man, using the Western abbreviation, whioh shears away a physician's dignity. He piloted a track betwixt olasteriog chairs, loft just as tho town loaiore were wont to leave them when breaking up daily and nightly oourt, to a Btove at the rear of the store. Though muddy heel marks and the stains of many months showed unoluansed upon its oylinder surface, it plowed lilio a red roeo from within, and Brotherton threw oif over- ooat, hat and gloves upon a counter and nbzn doned himself to its hest. In a secluded oornor near tno stove appeared tne tounge-ooa ( whioh hie partner hod just vacated. A simi- Ilar lair in the opposite corner invitod the doctor's weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt aoross tho sweep of prairie wind. " It argues well for our deaeuay that wo .retain a little bit of it when we bnnk about so like doge, don't it Biisb ?" ha observed with a laugh, nning a villago diminutive for 'Horatio which Hamlot in all his musiuge never bit upon. " You're just bank from them flesh-pote of luxnry the prouoher talko about," responded the druggist. " Yon'd tarn up your noeo now on oysters aooked in the oan and e't out of the white mortar." "No, I wouldn't," declared Brothortnn, promptly. -- ao u you ve got sumo in tno 'digging and want a single bite yourself, pat Ion two cans to simmer." "Now, listen to that for oxtravaganos," observed the partner, taking op the ai.udio mod going forward in tho store. Then ha jknooked sawdust from a tin oblong, eat the itop open with his posketknifc, and reached I Tho craokeriT he brought and nprcad open for Brotherton to munoh at, while the oan ot oyetora thawod and then began to loak and spatter apon tbe stove. "Pepper and salt and a hunk of baiter right np there iu the white mortar," he sug gested. Brothorton himself lifted tbe white mortar down and blew a little dnst off its rim. " Don't bo do particular," urged Secriet, " I thought it might ho tartar emetio," ex plained the doator. " Bat you're too good a housekeeper to servo mo that way, Scarlet, Jaet as I cotno baok, too." "Wall, now, Doe., tell tho truth," urged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at tho other aide of the stovo and glimmering at bis friend through half stmt cyoe. " When yon pome baok from civil-i-zziion to a god forsaken place liko this, don't yon think you're making a fool of yourself?" " No, 1 don't," rejoined Brothorton. ' Ha wee sitting on the oaorrter bssido hie and iris long, strong legs dangled ill toward the floor. "This is experience. I liko experience, find t don't like hanging by tbe eyofids, A man cam bo hardening himself bora while ho kvould oeflapse to nothing wortm-jlmr practice fin a city. It ia'rit such a God.for&fiioa; uluoo, fcther." I "A row down nt Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and flinch up to |your eyis in winter. Agno all fall." 1 " That write mo," said Brotherson. Secriet (Bnecrod on : !. "Prsaehing only once a month in tho (sohool-hease ut curly candle-lighting." F 41 There Isn't a Obrotian in town that bears (that privation bottur than you do," laughed jtho doator- 1 41 0, I ata't saying the ruffianly gang in fthis neighborhood Inn's good enough for ma," (ohuoktciu tho druggist. " I'm only wondering . mow a fellow of your ntamp ecu etand it," j 41 Wbafo licppcncd now?" "Nothing," replied tho druggist briofly, an \- Bse went to « front oounter and got a piece of ' wrapping paper tor the purpura ot lifting tho mot oan. I 41 Hera; hold your bowl." 1 " Won't yen hove oomo yonraolf, Itiloh? ' > She titS tnmt&r; will hold them if you give it b strem bath first." ' F 41 No, M rather have oomo sleep, " f "Yoaw not going to bank down without (telling mo aS tha newo ? " ? 41 No," etiid tho fat man, slowly. 41 What Kiowa cuald we eoaro up, do yon reckon, (though, in tho two wooks you've boon (gone?" V "Bht yon were gnashing about ruffianly tjonga. Thero haven't bean any homo thieves through?" ' Beuriot uiCcicd a csgstivO grunt, oitting on \- lbs stdBOl tils eoooh. 41 1 was orflytiibdaogof old Eliram Dixon," i " No one bos hfilwd Lira ? " I " No, responded Gtwiht, with a diooctisfiod , 41 1 know it'e your eilonrt. oeacolcsa petition (that somebody will lrDl bim," ekudslea tho jdookar, dipping up hta oyetraa from 6m white ts >rterwff!a a broken-houfilsd pawtcr spoon, ,v 1,4 B»i«hy» theso ore a comfort in adversity. Sou better havo coma." « Eveiybody says ho Itillod a man onoo," eontinnea Srorist, loaning forv/avd end rcet- ' Sng his acme on hki hnceo. "Kaby Stirling's Y-l?.':' KoSbandaudhlm wont north tcguthsr, and ; Hrfrling newer was eatm alive aftaiwaxffit." i « X&, I've board youttllthab otory a do sen Eli ioup with th? zoos 51" ah bbbcry inafi: " "But feuby dooen't believe it. Stirling's body was found whole ana untamporcd with at a hotel. Hoart disease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that fools don't know how 44 It wbb talked of," ropKed Seoriot, deapond- ontly. 44 But bo had his explanations ready. Old man Dixon in smart." 41 Ruby's woll, iB she?" As Brothorton made this inquiry he throw a quiok oido glanoa at his pnrtnor. 44 1 thought I heard nomebody knoak,"said tho druggiet, turning his head in his palms The flro whispered. Without tho frosty wiBd swept over villago and wood and loat it self in the vastness of tho prairio. There was a sadden eqaral and eoamporing in tho wall behind Brotherton. "It's nothing but that old rat," said ho. « You'll let that old rat live to see his child- you'll give him a button." 44 1 wish somobody'd give mo n button tbat'd make mo sleep to-night," exclaimed the drug gist. 4 ' I ain't Bhut my oyos since dusk." "Yon were so drowsy yon could hardly opon 41 1 was protondin' to bo oaty on yom liko," thcrc'hM some?htaThapr""'d sntoo youwmit BWftV." dB tb t f 1" h temples expand with large pulse beats. 8,4 It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixon— or Ruby ? " 41 Was you in downright earnest about her, ""f1 intend to marry hor, that's all," an- Bwerod tho dcotor, antagonism coming tc tho front in his face. i "Doc,, Ruby's dead." " She isn't 1 " exolaimed Brotherton, leap- 1 ing up. I « Doo., she's dead.' _ | throu "thaAigf1 whitah h?a roup bowlfdo upon tho counter. Baby's delicate aquiline > face, flashed tho color of a blush rose, filled I hie virion. Ho did not behove it was now ! clay white ; that bor innocent month was oet 1 in death. Ha did not upbraid his partner for ' suppressing the newo. There were no means by whioh Seoriot could have reached him more qniokly unless ho had driven out to meet tho hock. Seorist's voiee, proceeding in recital, grew | in volume upon bia ear. ' "Blame old Hi Dixon's piotarel He wonld have pot her in the ground twelve hours after if it hudn't been for her Annt Ruby Ann and (he neighbors." Brotherton grated his nails against the Wooden oounter. ""When did she die?" 44 A Friday morning five days ago. I said you onght to ol bean hero all along," oro- nooneta Ueartet impressively, gazing with comcsieeration at the pallid yonng man. 44 They say It was like this : She was playing with little Nate and tossing np a ball. When I the ball went into the air ehe was alive and well, and whon it tonohed the floor ehe was a , dead woman. Doo, the aolor didn't go oat of ' ber cheeks and ehe stayed warm. They pnt her betwoon feather beds, and all the other dootors in town tried their best to bring her to, bat it wasn't no nse. I don't believe they know what it was." 44 She hasn't been ? " demanded Broth- erton quickly, coming forward and Betting hie foot on the pedestal of tho stovo. The boot leather smoked, and he watohed it as if bis hopes were exhaling in the smoke. 44 No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says be won't keop ber any longer than early to morrow forenoon. He say's ho kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport." 44 Ho won't have a funeral while there's the slightest doubt." " No, ho won't have any more funeral than be oan help. He'll just pop her in the ground and bo done with it. He's helping dig the grava to-night to save expense, and a nice- sany job they have of it tbe way the ground's froze. The women say ha got the cheapest Baffin that could be bought," continued Srorist, > dropping bis facts like pebbles into Brother- ton's boiling mind. "Ruby's boy will oomo ; into bis hands now. And by the time that i boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't ' | the rest of Stirling's property besides what | dioappo'ired when Stirling died, then I ain't 1 nnnrmintad with Hiram Dixon. It'll mnnt all in land, and easy to trustee out of the bands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doo." 44 No, yon go to bed and sleep," replied tho doctor, who having muffled himself, was changing mcdioinea in his pill bags for others | on the BhelvoS. . | 14 I'll go up with yon," said tne fatjnan, j Cringing torch his own garments. " xou'ii ' have a tuaalo with old Hiram. II he's dag hor grave and she isn't dead he'll bury hq' any how." The wind blow out of tbe north like mobile and iuvisible iao. Srorist tied his red woollen cumforter in another knot under hie ohin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board aa causeway, and aoross this they walked singly to avoid tbe rough, frozen mad. A hut of It'gB, opooiag by a latah-etring, and a weather-bearded domioile, with the door at tho rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three briok houses of some pretensions, inclosed by paiings, and a barred and aflont general stars, which in daylight dividod patronage with one tri ike other end at tho village. On riain-n ground stood the tavorn ; a halting plnco whore the traveller might braes himself for tho bkok ride northward. How many a cutting day hud Eroihercos taken iu i'uuu narrow ruuu in hie jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean ol snow. Then, however, ho carried coay, worm thoughts within hie wraps and furs, which kept him oxhflaratod. To-night tho north iracd was the bleakest track ho had over ocrua. Wnnderero on tho prairio would j bo sure to perish ; or, should they eeoupo, I what comfort ooulil thoy find in to-morrow, j anyhow? Opposite tho tavoru, aoross a small ravine, I and upon a bill stood the largest houso in tho ! town. A rnad carved nround it and crawled down into tho dark woods. It was, howavor, tho meanest looking honso in the town, its sizo only emphasizing its dilapidation. The j hoar frost tried -vainly to ornament with sil ver plating certain anoient garments bulging ' through broinia panes, the orazy aehe rattled, and loooo, unplanied weather-boarding Glapped rosavinsivriy. Ucoriut and the doator, waiting far admis sion before stops on whieh thoy dare not Dtaod both at onoo, hoard tho wind howling through this hollow mansion SB if Us vacant ohiinusxo wears built onty for that pnrtmro. Bxotiia.'isa'e ohiof with had been to toko Ruby onto! this plaoti into a homo ot hb own making. Bho was ctill so much a little girl that bo nover ro&liccd; hex widowhood on hex molarity. Her obild seemed a young brother whom ho wonld adopt for . love of hor. It forever passfed him that e eroataro like Ruby, naturally refined and olive to ovcry- tbicjj facaaiMcl, should bu aaoi in hor lot and bouod Co tho people who hold hvr. Tbe horsdifjv which gave dark-eyed daughters with tr'Mldiih fcwirtn and feet and living eonln to Mrs. Eiaoa'o like could sot ba accounted forty BKdioifleaiaBW. Km. Sham rrco still afoot and let thu young men Into hot unfurnished hall. Naked atuix-eisnv and gaunt bannisters, against whioh feair ehadowo wore thrown by tha moon, twomed to woloemo thorn as oongorinl ghosts. Ona diacounajgd enndlo burned in the cquara room where most of tho living woo done, and whero dying wco to be consum mated ; for thcra hi the earner stood the mark! c-Uka ottcsg of rireetr eteehfcsd over tho tons ot cbrixo, concealing what was hold bccssih them ops a tha ceding board. Near by, also upheld by two abates, waited a black coffin, bulging near the head, bat narrowing towards tha foot. A etrens shudder darted through tho doator at this eight, whioh mact hava bean co common to bim. Two other women were watebiag with Baby. One of them, the landlady of tho tavorn, coma forward to meet bar two boarder, Md Shook beads with tho doator. JLtea!isaaaBAESELSSIS.jnAi boatiTwhiapirr- Boirig ihe 'dMr'IInnF Ruby Ann, she wob tbero to command. Mrs. Dixon snt down in n remote corner with hor sun- bonnet over her eyes. Bho wr.f a very thin creature, having oalioo garments whioh hung upon her. The contemporary world eoldom caught her features on aooount of this immovable sanbonnet, and it waB be lieved oho would die without naving ovor f ally shown hor foco. Sho was not deaf, yot shouted it, and peoplo sbonted to bor in re turn. The major part of her tima wna ovidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dixon for ber eaoond husband was Hunt atty'Ann put" a splint-bottomed chair and tho one rocker baforo a sooted and V76IQ wcoping upon ruuty The doator act hie pill-bags and hat upon tho eplint-bottomed, ohoir, and the landlady j understanding him, took up tho candle. Daring their oonferonoa her voieo never DO«Bmdyou git word ? " she inquired. I "Not antil Scorist told mo, alter I gat ont of the haok." " I am glad yon're on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her whether or no." She east a look of contempt at- her sister who oonld beep a husband in no better subjeotion than Hiram Dixon was kept. " I give her up, and then agin' I go and try once more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass nold to hor mouth. I oan miRhty near sea a dimnesB on the glass, and yet I ain't sure ol that, neither." Seeing that Brothorton did not lift -the cor ner of tho oheet-saroophsguB, Aunt Ruby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Ruby by tho yellow tongue of tbe aandle. Snroads were jnst passing out of nee then, so Ruby wasolad | in ber best dross ot thin, black silk, tho Blcovee flowing oway from her elbows and leaving her arms proteotcd by mnslin under- nlecves. A broad collar of neodlowork was turned down well towards her shoulders and fastened at her throat by a miehtv brown and wnito oumeo pm. tier dalicabr face was not yet pinched or sunken, its unuBual whiteness seeming merely to dotrpou tho darkness ol ber hair. Tho minnto blue tracery of her oyolld veins and tbe notwork on her temples caught the gaza of one who studied her. A eug<CBtion of colour like aaroral light ap peared upon hor lips and cheeks. " Sho looks nat'ral, don't she, Doo 7". whis pered the landlady with cmphatio hoarse ness. " Yes," replied Brotherton, getting down anon his knees and applying bis ear to her chest and hear " She didn't cny whioh nor t'other, but down oho tumbled," shouted Mrs D xon from ber corner, turning tbe mouth of her sun- bonnot upward from a trance of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowored its muzzle. Brotherton and tha landlady held a con- forenoo whioh ended in maoh trampling on tho naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at whioh his partner and tho neighbour asriated. Mrs. Dixon sat silent, and eaw ber daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and tha dootor'e morocco ease of instruments glitter ing beneath the feeble oandle light. S -orist poked the fire and kept his faoe Btriotly ohimneyward. At the table long panses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally driypod on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard ex pression, and tha quick gesture with whioh the book of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. "Three doctors has civs her' np," she ehout> d and eg 'in dropped ber annbonnet month, leaving the foot to bit its mark. , Thero was a clook sore-wed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by chains. It hod tho piteous air of dragging its own visoera, arid was altogether each ah Incom plete dock as the master of snoh a house might desire ; bat its iron hands kept pace with timo, and they indicated that Brother- ton bad been experimenting more than an nour when the pat of naked feet bsoame irregularly distinot on the naked stairs, and tho sitting-room door was thrown open so wide as to bnmp against Mr. D:xon's knees. "What did you (jit up for, Nate?"' whis pered the landlady, mooting bim and lifcing bim to sit on tho ouivo of her arm. Tho child wns ir alinsey dress, under whioh scant drap- ing no onuaicu nis legs, while he searohed the group around the tublo with large, dork eyes and began to whimper. 44 Her and Nato was tocsin' tho bail together end singiri Lord Love!," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Sbo bent bor eunbonneted head onoe more and sat motionless, as if waiting to be re loaded. The landlady turned her fnae from the table and carried him aronnd to the doctor. " How do yon do, Nate ? said Brotherton, taking one of hie ague-tinted olaws and kiss ing it. 44 1 want my maw, wept out Nate, patting np bis trembling andf-r-lip, 41 Call her," said Brotherton, taking the child upon his own arm. "Maw, 0, mawl" oalled Nate. "O, I'm afraid upstairs alone. Mako her wake, Dooker B'utterton I" Tho young man moved one one ot Ruby's arms. " If you oan't rouse her, Nate, she's beyond the rcaoh of love and despair. Call her again." " Doo., Doo.T' remonstrated the landlady. " It yon set him to takin' on we never will git bim poaoefied again." 44 And ont of ber bosom grew a red, red rose, and oat of his'n grew a briar," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Her kneeo being again threatened by tho opening door, she draw horselt lege the. as if collapsing. It was an old man who oame in. He fixed tho glare to blna goggleo npon the table. His iron grey hair met with iron-grey beard npon his chock-bones and formed a ebuggy curtain reaching his ohoulders. Aa if sun, rain end many neurone' wear hod not done thoir worst for bis ancient and ill-favoured clothing, he was freshly glazed with frozen mnd stains, cud his dork paws were yellowed by olay quits to tbe frayod coat sleeve. Shutting tho door co that a reBpooeive ehndder ran through tho whole house, ho domnnded at oneo : 41 Who's a modillin' with that oorpje ?" "Tho State of Illinois," replied Scorist from the fira plana. 44 Tho State of Illinois oan get ont of my boose then," said the old man, wagging his hoary shag. 44 1 don't keep a medical college." " Hiram Dixon," spoko oat the landlady, " ain't yoa willin' every moans Bhonld be tried to sea if ltfo's left in Ruby ?" "I am," eaid tho druggist, "and I'm the eonstablo." 44 Ynu oan't bury hor to-morrow, MrDixon," laid Brotborton. ' I am not ready to pro- oouuoo her dead." 44 I'll bury hor to-morrow as sure as the inn risoi," said old Hiram Dixon. 41 And I Snowed yon couldn't tell a dead woman from a livo one." Ho oamo forward in his usual stooped and itiflimed posture, and Nata, with one arm around tho doator'o nook, watahod bim tear- folly. 44 I'll bary her to-morrow, and I'll fasten her up in hor ooflin now, to keep meddlers out And I'll eat on it the rest of tho timo if no thing else'U do." "Hiram Dixon, are yoa posBonsadr ' oricd ont Ruby's annt. 41 Let him alone," eaid tho doetor, whitening ebrongh his lips, 44 only two that nho'o moved deecatly." 41 Keep your dirty, olayey hands oil, then,-' dictstcd the landlady, 44 and let Seokere and Due. Smith's wile and mo put her in." 44 Thoy grew end they grew to the oburob vtciplo top. and there they couldn't get no higher," ehonted Mns. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the colling over tho heads ol her discordant inmates. Whatever emotion eho frit at co tin c ber daughter's <?,sdy plnoed in its lost reocptoolo was aonoeafod within tha mnzzlo of the aunboncet and mndo no ex plosive escape. " Now 1 hops you're satisfied," taid Anut Baby Ann to tbo old man, beginning to woep and wring her noeo between hex thnmb and one finger, when tbe lass crackling fold of ,Rab?'a drapery, was laid straight. " IT they've nil, oven to Doo. Brothorton, give her' up, I s'poso I'll have to." 44 111 ba satiofled when tne screws Is druv to plaoo," replied Hiram Dixon, fitting the lid with BUoh oallous essoinees that she felt Herself impallod to add with biting ooneure : 41 1 believe you'd like to have Nate in thorei 00," Tho old man looked np, and his eprotaoloa in tho dim light seemod to flame like wolf ayes. Ho was oxosporoted to a point beyond nis endurance, and Nate's linocy dresB wai within oasy rcaoh. One of tho boy'o bars feet clouohcd aronnd of tho ohair. whioh eupporhri Ruby's bead, as he lifted himself np to look down at her. 41 111 pnt him in," said old Hiram, grabbing tho boy, and instantly the shingles on tho roof eoemod rent by Nato's shriek to his mother. Somo mufited Bound minglod with tho noiso he mads, and the dootor being first to roach him was the first to see Ruby'e open He was holding her child under ona of his arms and lifting her head with the other, when Mrs. Dixon fired oil tho oonalasion ol that doggoral halted with whioh her mind has noon so heavily charged by Ruby's test reps- tition ol it : \--Ana more tnoy en4winea in b rub invert knot for all trw> lovero to admire, 'miro, 'mire ; for aU true lovers to admiro." Traditions of Ruby Stirling's tranoe still linger about Millport. You may yet hear haw she tried to move, but could not ; hovf Brotherton let Hirnm Dixon do his worst in ordor to tost the effect of a shook, and how ho took her away after their mnrriage, keeping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from hoxuolf and bor son thonoefurwerd. A high school building to-day oaonpies tho bill whoro the old house stood, ana Ruby's anplensant stepfather has lain for years frost- looked and grass-bound, in the outgrown grave-yard, his wife — presumably witn her sun bonnet over her eyes — beside him. Tho railroad and telephone oonneot Millport with all the world, and the town can hardly ba- lieve euoh tales told of its oarly youth. 