[?] FARMER MACK. Written for the Examiner and Tasmanian. By Adeline J. Whitfeld. Author of 'My Lady,' ? Madge,' 'Eex,' ; .. etc. Ohaptee III. —The Ghost. — -Continued. ' Come home with me, lad,' he then said, a new idea breaking in upon him. 'Home! Where ?' . 'To Wee 'Wan station. I'm put ting in a bit o' time there with my dar ter.' 'Is Mrs Arden Mftlroap. vnni daughter, sir ' asked the young man, looking up in his surprise. ' That she be, an' a fine lass she is. There's real grit; in Gr.ui.' Mr Pikara was silent ,a moment. Then he said — ' When do you return Mr Mack ?' * Fust thing in the morning, sir,' said the old man, trying to be diplo matic. ; 'How?' This was a poser. Farmer Mack scratched his head fora moment in per plexity. 'Guess I'll get a groom tc druv me, leastways il'll ask Mistress Fullard.' The next morning .Farmer Mack had an interview with the hon. Mrs Fullard before breakfast. When the hour arrived for the same, she came in looking bright and bonnie as ever. Mr Pickara summoned by the bell was in the room alone, ostensibly reading a periodical. The hon. Mrs Fullard went straight to him without hestita tion. ?: Good morning,' she said simply. She held out her hand . but Mr Pickara hesitated. ; ' - , 'Do you care to shake hands with me ?'he asked hoarsely. ?.:'?'.. \ f I want to,' the repliedf quickly. He put his hand in hers. / 'Can you ever forgive me ?' ,.-.' I forgive you,' she said1. ? ' I forgive you; wholly; But you must not come here again until you can do sohappily, knowing that my husband knows all.' He bowed his head in acquiescence. ^After breakfast one of: the grooms drove them over to Wee Wan station, and another man rode and led Mr Pickara's horse. It was a close carriage in which the two gentlemen rode, and that fact enabled them to have a long and earnest conversation. At its conclusion Mr Pickara's face wore a -new expression. An awakened determination shone in his eyes ; be grasped Farmer Mack's .hand before they alighted. ? . ; ' God bless you,' he said, ' you have made a Dew man of me:' ' Show me, said the old man, 'show; me that what you say is true.' Some three days later Mr Fullard drove over' to Wee Wan station and asked for Mr Pickara, ? Mr Pickara was no coward, but his heart sank as he went to the library, where Mr Fullard awaited him. Mr Fullard rose at Mr Pickara's entrance. ' My wife has told me,' he .began without prelude, 'Yes,' and then Mr Pickara's voice failed him. He stood with downcast eyes before the man he had wronged. Mr Fullard came closer. 'Have you nothing to say ?' he asked. ' What is the use of saying any thing,' said the younger man. ' I can never hope to regain your good opihion I have forfeited my own self respect and that of all right thinking people.' 'Andyetyou particularly requested my wife to tell me.' 'Yes.' ??????? . Mr Fullard's chest heaved. ; ' Give me your hand;' he said kindly. ?????.?; ? lam unworthy,' faltered the other. ' You had better get your gun and shoot me, I deserve to be shot. . ' Nay, such an act would be worthy only of the days of senseless bloodshed^ Do you think your life is to be blasted as the result of one mad impulse. Heaven forbid. Give me your hand. My dear fellow, I wiil stand your friend, if you will let \ne.' 'You are a good man,' again faltered Mr Pickara, ' I can never be come half so good, but I will try. Thank you. Thank you.' ' Look upon me as an elder brother,' said Mr Fullard. ?; Mr' Pickara could not speak. He turaed away. 'Eh,, dear,' said Farmer Mack that night, 'its time I was making tracks for hum. ' .' Already, father,' said Guida in1 some surprise. ' ,; \ ' Already ,you say ! : Why there's my best Ayrshire cow may be in any day now,' said the old man. Guida raised her eyebrows. ' What J Putting my foot, in it agen ? Lor' bless me, I'll buy a book on perlite 'siety an' get my manners up a bit,' said Farmer Mack, cheerfully. 'I'm dashed if I don't say the wrong thing, an' leave the right,' like a blessed prayer book— leastways that's what it says. The funny thing is,' said he waxmg eloquent, ' is that the same lot of prayers is fixed for, everyone, the wicked, the innocent an' all--now if they fit the capon some, they can't on others, so it comes to my conclusion that there's a bit of humbug io the whole thing,' and he slapped his thigh m a manner which was meant to be convincing, but taken in that way was rather a failure. ?????-???? / Do I hear that you must be leav ing us/' asked. Arden Melrose of Ibis father-in-law next morning. ? ?-. ? I can't say what you heard, but I must be making tracks,' said Farmer Mack. 'But you will ride out with me, this morning and see the new water tank I'm putting in the far run,' said Mr Melrose persuasively. 'I don't mind doing that,' res ponded the old man, his face brighten ing, ' I hev bin wantin' to see one of them, new contrivances for a con siderable spell now.' They had an early lunch and then started for the far run. Farmer Mack,owing to the stiffness of old age, could not ride fast, so that it. was almost sundown when they returned home. As they rode up to the stables they were struck by the fact that there was no one about, all hands, seemed with one accord to have been spirited away. They unsaddled and stalled their horses themselyes, and then perplexed and alarmed went up to the house. ? -:.?:;? 'It's a queer thing,' observed Mr Melrose ',muBt be a tire somewhere, for most of the horses seem to have gone from the home paddock.' They went into the house which seemed almost painfully silent. No young voices rang through the corridors, or echoed in the halls. ' All was still as death. They hastened into the drawing- room but no one was there. Then Mr Melrose rang, the hall bell violently. Presently a sound of somewhat feeble footsteps reached their' ears, and an old neatly dressed woman who for many years had been housekeeper . at Wee Wan station, answered the master's summons. ' ? ' Whatever has happened Kate ?' asked Mr Melrose. : j: ' The little girl sir.' She's lost, and everyone's out looking.' ; .; 'What little girl'?' u\ I 'Nina, sir.' ,: Chapter V.— Nina lost.' ' To snatch a little refreshment and set off- to join the searchers was /their first mutual impulse, and ere long they were once again in the huge thickly timbered forest. After: a while they met some of their juvenile guests who were making their way in threes and fours through the scrub. From them they learned particulars. How that the little girl,all unknown to her mother, must have tried to follow Farmer Mack, for whom it hast been mentioned she had conceived a great fancy ; soon after he had in comp'any with Mr Melrose left for the far .run. The surmise arose from the fact that she had been heard to say in injured tones that 'Mack' had fordotten her and was going away. Her sun-bonnet and strongest shoes were missing, as were also a little sun shade and a 'tiny handbag which Nina was wont, in all the pride of posses sion, to display to the other children whenever she went .out walking. '? It was late that night when they all returned from what had proved to be' a fruitless errand, tired, faint with hunger and weariness, and in rioislight alarm as to the safety of the lost child. Guida Melrose had been one of, the most active in the search, and when obliged from fatigue and want of nourishment to return home; she came out of the forest, torn and ; dirty looking, but supporting with her; arm the half frantic mother'' of Nina.' Site had lost all self control, and would have rushed back to continue the search, had not strong hands ' been laid upon her, and forced her to accom .pany the others to the house. ; : '' ? ? It was ten o'clock then, and it'wa» unanimously decided that, owing to the pitchy darkness of the sultry summer night,the wisest course would! be to rest for a few hours and set out again at daybreak. But despite the advice and persuasions of her friends, Nina's mother could not rest, arid well nigh drove everyone to distraction by wandering through the corridors, and pacing up and down the passages, till the early dawn broken .' By that time everyone was up again, and after a hasty breakfast and a short consulta tion as to which party should ..take certain directions, they started off. One lot consisting of Farmer Mack, Mr Melrose, two of the servant women and ore or two boys, had but just reached the outskirts of; the forest, when they were surprised; and startled to see the figure of a boy issue from a thicket. His clothes were ragged, hia hands and face scratched and bleeding, and he swayed from side to side as though he would fall. In his hand he carried something which proved to be a little shoe all rubbed and jagged looking, and 'bear ing a cut on one side. When they reached the boy, they saw that it -was Dickson, the boy who had planned the practical joke, in which the ghost figured so promninently. ' I've done my best sir,1 he faltered to Mr Melrose, and then his gaze wandered to Farmer Mack, and then he dropped insensible, and lay a queer looking heap upon the long dry grass, yellow now in the early morning sun shine. They raised him up gently and carried him into the bouse, and then when he had recovered conscious-1 ness, and had taken a little fooi and drink, he told them that he had walked on and on the whole night loag, some times falling over logs and into holes,; or getting caught in brambles, and all it seemed to no purpose. Once' he had stepped into a rabbit burrow and had been thrown violently to tne ground, and then his hand had come in contact with something lying there, and it proved to be one of Nina's shoes. He lingered near this spot a long time calling to her at intervals, but could hear nothing, and then wandering on found himself witHin sight of the homestead just as daylight, broke. At the conclusion of his story they left him in the care of the old house keeper, and again set off for the forest. Ere long Dickson fell into a troubled sleep and dreamed that Nina was ? asleep, and was lying in a hollow log on the edge of a small rock-lined gully. She had lost both shoes and her little stockings were full of, holes, but m her band she still tightly clasped the remains of her little blue sunshade — that sunshade of which she had been so proud. It was all so real that Dickson started up in his sleep to go and find her, and only awoke when he reached the garden, now bathed iri brilliant sunshine. He rubbed his eyes, and stared confusedly about, then' made his way to the stables' and saddling a horse, set off to find. Mr Melrose. He would know if there were such a place as the gully he had seen in his dream, and if so where to nnd it. So he urged the horse into a smart canter, but it was an hour- or SJ° b£ore he f°und the master of the Wee Wan Station. The latter listened gravely as Diekson related his dream tS AST** *he guUlly« the l0^and- the little figure withm it, and then he said — ??? 'It sounds like the Maiden's Tribute as we call a gully about five miles from here, owing to the quantity of -the maiden hair fern which grows in it * T ' ell you what Dickson my boy ; you: give me your 'horse and I'll tide over. '?..'?- Oil, confound it ! I won't know the spot .when I see ft-— -you miist come too -^-Darkie will have to carry us both. You put your arms round my waiBt and off we go.' Quickly they rode to the Maiden's Tribute, but it Was .some little time before Dickson could find . , the. spot he had «een in his dream. At ^ last, however, he noted , something familiar in the surroundings, and then, presently cried ; aloud— ,v;Look;! look 1 there is the hollow; log, and see, is not there something, white just at: the opening.' , In;a moment they had both dis mounte'd*' and were running down the ?alope' which led to the gullyi ' Yes, : Wierfc Nvias 'the hollow log, and there on fits very edge a piece of a white pina-' fore. ? They stooped down* they knocked their heads together an their eagerness to look ;in.' And what did they* see1 Fa pair of little grimy feet peeping through' '; very holey stockings. 'With a cry that well high reached the Heayeris, Dicksoia threw his cap into th^'airi'arid jumped several feet from thegTOundybut his companion,; though deBpiytinoYed, only put ? his band on tfae grimy^little 'feet. - ' x;\^v^':^]'(iii^^.;'m^si 'wake up,: .^.eat:^ - ^ breakfast's ready.' This he fasti- to repeat many times before the child stirred, Then she 'began to sob . dismally, ;;anaV feet' foremost to come qut h)£. *the log. ' Once out, she sat dftwn bn the ground, a very miserable looking. little figure indeed with her dirty3tear-stained face, unkempt hair; torjaeldlhes, and. shoeless feet, but in one;hand; she still claBped.tHe remains ofcher. prized1 sunshade. '''? ''*['- r : \- -Dii^sptt was so overcome with joy that lie oecame hysterical, and began tbjfpb vlifc© '.a girl, whereupon Mr Mel rose cre-5uested him somewhat 'sjiarply not'to be si fool. ? ?-' ; -^ -?-;?.????? ,-v:!j.i , (To be continued.) 