Among the Pastoralists and Producers. [By Hakold M. Mackenzie.] , ABERDEEN AND DISTRICT. Readers of the Mercury will, no doubt, remember some months ago a very correct and exhaustive description of tlio Aberdeen Freezing Works, written by our special re-, porter, so that in this article it will not be necessary to repeat what was then said in reference to the actual working plant, my purport being to give the views and opinions expressed by that able organiser and ad jmiLifel-ru.lur) ±-lv, jjuiiii, m luiwunuu w niu future prospccts of the dead meat export trade. ' Yes,' begins Mr. Bonn, ' we have com pleted our arrangements for erecting now freezing, meat preserving, and storage an nexes.' Mr. Bcnn then takes me across to the spot where it is intended to make the additions. ' In a word,' adds the manager, ' we intend duplicating the freezing and storage, and quadrupling the meat preserving power.' '? That will mean storage capacity for how many sheep ?' 'Roughly speaking, about 60,000.' 'In spite of a 'prospective drought' [my visit was paid before the late rains fell] ' this certainly shows pluck and enterprise,' I remark. 'Yes, we've had seven years of plenty, and maybe we're in for seven years of famine. If this sort of thing continues, it strikes me there won't be a fat sheep in the north directly.' ' What arc you doing in the way of export now?' ' Practically nothing, after the Port Chalmers leaves at the end of this month.' [It must be remembered that these were Mr. Bonn's views when a drought appeared immi nent in September. Fortunately, rain fell at tho end of that month.] ' The fact is,' con tinues Mr. Bcnn, ' wo have nothing worth exporting, ana axe simpiy senuiug uwuy con signments for the Sydney dead meat market.' Talking so, we reach the refrigerator cars, | that are being rapidly loaded from the storage rooms direct. ' Stop inside and examine this beef for yourself, aud if you know what metropolitan butchering is, you will soon see the difference.' All round the car were hung some of the primest quarters that anyone might wish to see. Comparing the Aberdeen beef with that slaughtered in Sydney, Mr. Benn facetiously remarks : ' Why, it strikes me, from what I've seen of metropolitan meat, that the butchers chase the bullocks round a yard with tomahawks and hit em where tiiey can. There's no ' getup' atall about Sydney meat.' ' And in this hot weather,' I remark, ' how do you ensure safe transit ?' ' Simply that we kill as late in the evening as possible, truck expeditiously, aud land the meat in Sydney at 4 a.m. next day. You will observe that the cars have ports at either end, creating a current of cool air when travelling.' Making our way from the railway siding, wo enter an immense storage room with lakes of blood about, whilst overhead small trollies conduct immense quarters of beef to any portion of the building. 'And what part of the country, Mr. Berin, did these come from ?' 'Those are a draft of Gundagai bullocks, and though I have not weighed them, I should say they'd run from 7-k to 8 cwt.' Looking at these carcases, it was noticeable liow well they cut on the ribs, prime, sound beef that, considering the dry season, was surprising. ' So the trade at present is purely local ?' ' Yes, as soon as the Malta consignment is Hisnntnliffl. the exnort trade must receive a decided check, unless, of course, things take a turn for the better.' ' For Malta ?' I remark. 'Yes, we have a large garrison order to execute, which will be away soon. As a matter of fact, Ave haven't engaged a single ton on any steamer after tho Port Chalmers.' Discussing the position of New Zealand affairs, Mr. Benn said that this check was only to be expected ; besides, he continues — ' Why, if we can obtain better prices at Homebush, should we have all the risk and bother of shipping to England? Just now a 501b. sheep is worth 15s in Sydney, and an 8001b. bullock about £7. The difference speaks for itself.' ' There is a great deal of talk about chilling meat, Mr. Benn ' ' Yes,' adds the manager, ' and it's all talk, in my opinion. I maintain that it's practically impossible to chill meat at anything like a profitable figure. There are so many things to bo taken into consideration. We have space in works to allow for transit by 'rail, nnrl nxtvn, sliin n nnnmiYinrl n firm nil nf wliip.li works out enormously. In tho case of frozen meat, plainly speaking, you can stow it in a vessel's hold like bricks, and, with an even temperature, you can land it in England as good as the day it was placed on board.' ' You must admit that the flavour of chilled moat is superior to that of frozen?' ' Granted, but we must look to our own interests first, and if, as I can assure you, it takes about four times the space to stow chilled meat as compared with frozen, where does the advantage comc in ? Besides, hero's another important point to bo observed. Gluts in the London market aro not uncommon, and if a chilled meat cargo arrive at such a time, it must be put on tho market at once. If you hold for a rise, on the other hand, you have no resource but to freeze it. Chilled meat is very sensitive, and it is essential to keep the temperature uniform. If too high, tho meat spoils; if too low, itfreozes.' ' As regards spaco occupied on board ship, how does beef compare with mutton ?' 'Well, as a rule, we reckon about 90 feet por ton of beef, and 1 15 feet in the case of mutton.' jtjcer is linen me more economical snip menu of the two ?' ' Decidedly ; it is a compact and more easily stowed cargo, and, of course, less freight charged. Mutton, from its nature, is bound to leave spaces between, as yon are aware.' Emerging fiom tho beef department, Mr. Bcnn leads tho way to where the Malta sheep aro being treated. ' 'Tlioy look in fairly good condition,' I remark, as my eyo runs over somo pens of wotlicrs. ' Yes, considering thoy havo beon brought from beyond Narrabri in this weather, and nothing to eat, poor brutes.' Adjoining tho pons is an immenso structure, where the butchers aro slaughtering as quick as lightning, the operation altogether being marvellous ia its dexterity. ' What we're trying to do,' remarks Mr. Benn, as we stroll along, ' is to decentralize our meat markets, Sydney having had a monopoly too long. A few moro places like this would do much to diminish the evil.' Then it is needless to ask if you're in favour of a Local Government Bill ?' : ' Quite. The sooner that's passed the better. ? Local industries will then receive the attention they deserve.' Presently wo are in the midst of mutton ready for the freezing chamber, and, taking all things into consideration, the sheep, though rather thin on the ribs, presented a very healthy and sound appearance. ' Yes, replies Mr. Bonn to ono of my queries, ' we allow each carcase to hang for four or five days, then bag in sort of stockingette material, and ship direct from Newcastle.' For an instant wo put our heads into one of the 'double- doored freezing chambers, whore rows upon rows, looking like so many sheeted ghosts, wore hanging in more or less frozen state. Mr. Benn has everything, from the accounts up, at his fingers' ends, and his ready answers to all sorts of questions showed how unquestionably well-regulated his mind is. There are a thousand nnrl nnn fliinn-c always cropping up requiring attention, and, it may be said, ho passes through the ordeal triumphantly. In the meat preserving room we delay to see men preparing beef for tins, most of which, I am informed, finds its way to Glasgow. ' Scotch people,' adds Mr. Beun, ' prefer tinned meat to frozen, and nearly all ours is sold in that country.' ' It's a pity,' I remark, ' that Chicago should rule the world in tinned meats.' ' A great shame, for I can assure you, by an expert's opinion that I will read you presently, that the Australian tinned meat is second to none in the world. It seems a matter of prejudice. Labels and general ' get op' have, naturally, a good deal to do with it, and these, admittedly, are better done in America.' The Aberdeen sheep's tongues, which, no doubt, many of my readers havo tasted, are excellent, yet it seems extraordinary that ?American tinned meats should be preferred to our own. Like everything else in a well-ordered establishment, no article of refuse is allowed to go to waste, and, as we pass through tho malodorous department, where offal and blood are being treated— that is pnt through an immense cylinder with revolving shaft, and thence through the bone mills — wo see this valuable material converted into as splendid a | fertilizer as any farmer might desire. In addition to all modern improvements, a most complete dynamo electric plant supplies a steady light throughout the building, enabling work to be carried on with ease and comfort all night, if necessary. When running full, the Aberdeen Works can treat from 950 to 1100 sheep per day, besides which some 600 bales of wool are turned out per month. The number of stock treated varies, of course, according to circumstances, and, in regard to bullocks, eight butchers can manage to put through about 80 beasts when things are in full swing. Among some of the best drafts treated wore a lot from Turanville — Mr. Cook's estate — a hundred of which averaged 9S81bs. . ? 'Mounting the liill at the rear of the works, Svlience a magnificent view of the surrounding country is obtained, we arrive at the fell mongery establishment, where men at long tables, thickly gloved, are applying a mixture of sulphate of sodium and lime to the skins, which preparation, after being on about twenty-four hours, enables the wool to be detached with perfect ease. Considering the unsavoury business of fellmongering, it was remarkably free from overpowering stenches, though now and then, of course, a whiff re minded us that we were not in spicy Ceylon. All industries in connection with a great establishment like this are represented on the promises in the shape of tinsmiths, coopers, &c.;, the principle, Mr. Benn informs me, being found to work more satisfactorily and economi cally in the long run. ' I've had the greatest trouble in the world to procure a suitable class of timber for tallow casks, packing cases, etc.,' remarks this gentleman, ' all that you see here is tho best New Zealand kauri pine, and it pays us better, duty included, to import rather than use our own inferior hardwood.' ' Referring to the opinion expressed by an expert on our tinned meat, Mr. Benn?' 'Well, here you are,' replies the manager, putting his hand at once on a letter out of a thousand. How admirable is such order! 'Read for yourself.' As I cast my eye over a couple of type written sheets from a well- known Glasgow firm, their opinion was highly eulogistic concerning tlio Aberdeen tinned meats, and wound up by stating that it was actually second to none imported into Great Britain. As I sat chatting for an hour with Mr. Benn in his office, which, it may be stated, was not entirely devoted to meat, he had a fund of amusing anecdote to relate. 'What,' I aslcod, 'happens to your meat when it reaches England. Who retails it, and so forth ?' 'Well, as regards the millions who consume imported mutton in the East End, tho great Smithfielci, butchers dispose of it to smaller fry, hawkers for example, and barrow-men, may seem to you, the demand among the masses is not so much for prime mutton as a lean or inferior type. I can assure you, from my own experience, that out of shipments sent, comprising carcases ranging in weight from 40 to CO lbs., the demand has beon for the former. East Enders don't care about fat mutton. Those Malta sheep I'm sending away aro about tho style that suits them.' I havo remarked beforo that it is a re grettable fact that more enterprise was not shown among our own people when tho Aberdeen Works were in contemplation, which Company, Mr. Bonn informs me, was j floated with a capital of 42,000 shares, half of which aro held by tho Steamship Companies, and tho balanco privatoly. With somo slight diffidence, causing Mr. Benn's countonanco to expand in a broad smile, I asked : ' Is tho financial position of tho Company sound ?' ' As a boll,' camo tho ready answer, ' and, in addition to pur proposed new buildings, written off, there is a prospective dividend of 5 per cont.' Upon this I took my hat, devoutly wishing I had a fow thousands in the concern. 