LOYING AHB TRUE. f CHAPTER IV.— rtTnnHniKuM Well, my love is right ^npugh..' Somewhat to Clinton's surprise, Mr. Lane&stej;\ wjis prepaid \pjth h|§ an swer on Monday, ag he Bsomised. His to Mr. North's proposal. His wife sftifl thai tbQ rent woitfd he something, to set aside every year for h^r pooj: dear girls; an$ Mr, North i^med to be' a very steady, reg^ectable young man, and a great friend of their sop-iii-law, as she already calleij him by au#pipa .Uan. His- lawyer hoped he would close with the offer, for the proper tv was deteriorating; and the payment of fateregt on his ewn mortgage was a great drain to his. Income. ' He re ooninjended him tq get Mr. geresby to renounce his claim to it formally, con sidering the loss to Mr. Lancaster had boeii so great already, and th&t; North should assee to a right of pur chase within a term of years. Thus It was North fouix& everything- smooth ed for Uim, Mr. Hart had drawn out an aproament for a lease, and at the request of both parties put in the clause for the right of purchase within seven years. In half an hour the thing was settled, Clinton witnessing the signatures. 'Wiiere do you mean to «ye, Mr. North V' asked Mr, Lancaster. 'Will you remain at the Crown and Mitre?' 'No. I don't like living at an inn; and besides, I like to be near my work. X will take possession of the cottage adjoining the mill.' 'It is rather a poo? place, ao ?email and shabby. Mr: - Reresby never ?thought; of such a thing as living In it,' 'It might not be handsome enough for the ?proprietor, but yet it may suit tho tenant of the mill,' said North. 'Prudent and cautious, as usual,' said OlintQn; ??but the cottage is cap flble of improvement,' 'I must lose no time in getting the repairs done, so as to commence opera tions with as little delay as possible; for I have to go to London to wind up ! a few affairs there, and must get eve- i rything jn trim here before I leave] iWoodleigh, ? You must recommend me j the best and most expeditious man for the work, Mr. Lancaster.' Mr. Lancaster named the only buil der iu WoodJeigh as of course? the i , best, and then took his new tenant! into the drawing-room to present him ] to his wife and family in due form. ] 'Prosperity to Mr. North's undertak- j ing,' was .proposed as a toast by Mr. Hart, and cordially acquiesced in by all the company; and when North and Clinton left there was a current of congratulation running through the fa mily circle. 'Well, I am sure, you will find your selves dreadfully crammed in the little cottage,' said Clinton; 'there is not a tolerable-sized room in it You may expect a deal of grumbling from your wife when she sees how small and in convenient it is.' 'My wife! What do you mean?' said North. 'I mean that, of course ,you will bring your wife and children here.' 'Do you imagine me to be a married man?' 'Of course I do; for do not you re member asking me one day hist win ter to come and take pot luck wth you, and see your wife and children?' 'I never asked you to dine with me in your life, and I never had a wife or child to show anyone. -You must have been dreaming.' ~,'No; I remember the thing perfectly. J had been at the office at the 'Ban ner,' and met you there. Nor bythe bye, it was not you it was Mead. Con found it, what an absurd blunder. So you are not a Benedict after all, North: 1 «9 much the better for you, aad for i Boor bachelorless Woodleigh; you are ] another eligible gentleman. Why did I »0t you tell me this before, for I might have spoken a word for you with Miss Bridges? Seven thousand pounds on her marriage, and eight thousand more on her mother's death, and a fine wo man, into the bargain. My advice to you— stick up to the heiress.' 'I cannot do that,. Clinton; unfortu nately for my chance of the heiress, my affections are already engaged.' 'Engaged!— tell me all about it.' North cleared his throat, summed up all his courage, and said: i 'I fear, Mr. Clinton, that you will! think my conduct strange — perhaps, in ! the common conventionalisms of so- i ciety, ungenerous; but how that I can not leave Woodleigh, I must honestly confess that L as well as you— perhaps, better than you— love Mary Laneast- 1 er.' I 'Confound yonr impudence!' said j Ciinton. 'After being bo open with I you, aad telling you all about her, j and how much I liked her, to come and tell me that you were my rival! You have really used me very badly, North.' '^Let us be rivals, but fair and hon orable ones. You are first in the field, Mary is at present considering your claims, and knows nothing whatever of my feelings.' 'I am not the least afraid of you. But what made yoii prefer her to the otners?' 'Much the same reason that made you do, it; 'because I could not help it. She is irresistible in her simplicity and her goodness, In her beauty and her truth.' 'I cannot bear to hear you talking about her like that,' said Clinton, sul lenly. -«i do not suppose that you will come to dine with me to-day, al though you .promised to do it; for this little conversation must make some dif ference between us. I am going to call 1 on Mrs. Bridges, So I leave you to ybur own comfortable reflections, Mr. Jlorth.' Turn the matter about as he liked, North could not helpt feeling that his friend had .some cause for his anger; Imt that must not affect his darling project. The very paper mill, which, a few days ago, had been his para mount object of interest, had fallen into insignificance compared with the hone of obtaining Mary Lancaster. It ?was merely as a means to an end, that the jpaper mill was regarded now; he would like to -make it succeed, that Mary might think 'his fortune worthy of her sharing it. His prospects with fcer were far^frdtd promising, however, He haa a formidable rival, more pliant than himself, favored by parents to whom she was devotedly attached, «nd who had received a good deal of negative encouragement from herself; one, too, who^SgrSSd with her family in religion and -politics, and was ac complished, polished, and richer than himself.; But North felt that nothing 1$ impossible to a man of resolution and patience; and he determined stea dily to woo., and, If possible, to win, the woman he had so suddenly ana so seriously fallen in love with. The orders to the builder were given with a .promptitude and precision to which that village worthy was little accustomed, but he understood that the work must b£ completed on a certain 4ay, ? of payment forfeited. North fsdeted some plain furniture from, the cabinet-maker of the village, and en gaged an. old woman as housekeeper, who was to have flie cot^a^e ready for him to inhabit it when he returned from London in four days; and then, after calling upon the Lancasters, to tell them of the arrangements he had made, he left Woodleigh and his heart in it CHAPTER V. 'A sharp man, our new tenant— no shilly-shally ing half work about him; I should not be surprised if he made his fortune in ten years at this mill,' exclaimed Mr. Lancaster. 'He will be quite an old man by that time,' was Clinton's reply; 'I believe he must be thirty now.' 'By-the-bye, I never thought of ask ing you before,' said Mrs. Lancaster; 'but you will be able to tell me if he is a married man or not; or whether his wife is a lady we can visit' Why did Mary listen, breathless, to Clinton's reluctant answer? What was it to her who Mrs. North was; or whether there was a Mrs. North at all? 'I believe he is single at present,' said Clinton; 'as to who Mrs. North may be, or if she is likely to be pre sentable, I can give no opinion; but I believe that his connections are low people.' 'Well, it would have been pleasant to have 'agreeable neighbors at the mill; but of course, if his relations are vulgar people we cannot go to see. them.' 'I cannot say positively,' said Clin ton, apprehensive that he had gone too far, for Mary was looking at him very searchingly; 'but I think it probable, from what he has himself admitted to me, that he has made his own way in the world, and has, in fact, risen from the ranks.' 'It looks like it when he cannot dance, or do anything like other peo ple,' said William Lancaster; 'and knows no more about horses and dogs than you do, Mary.' 'He seems to understand business, however,' said Mr. Lancaster; and on this score even Clinton could say noth ing that would make an unfavorable impression. When North returned from Landon, he found a little billet on his parlor chimney piece; and, absurd as he would have thought the proceeding a shf-rt time before, he could not help kissing the note which Mary had writ ten. It was merely to ask him, for mally, in her sister's name, to join the family party in a picnic behind the Abbey; for Rose was now fourteen years of age, and her birthday was to be celebrated by a collation under the trees, and a dance in the open air. He answered in the affirmative; and Rose criticised the writing and the composition, his very compliments seemed to her to be stiffer than other people's. Clinton and Rose were re markably good friends, and, indeed, as he said himself, he was a favorite with all the family; while North, though no positive fault could be found with him, was not much liked, except by Mary. She felt that he wished to please her, but eared very little what the others thought of him; this was, perhaps, wrong, but still very flattering to her self. But his attentions to her were so different from those ot Clinton, or of anyone else whom she had ever fan cied in love with anybody, that she could not think of Mm as a lover. He might be made a valuable friend, and she wished to get his opinion of Clin ton, when she could ask it quietly, and as she thought, without her motive be ing suspected. And North, aware that, in one respect, he had been unjust to his acquaintance, tried to make up for it by speaking as favorably as his conscience would allow Mm' to do; and he felt bitterly that his words had their effect. Clinton, on the other hand, was careful to mention every thing that might well tell against his rival, and could scarcely bring him self to talk cfrily to him; not that he was afraid of him, but he consider ed himself ill-used. Mary was puzzled at her lover's con duct, and watched him still more nar rowly than before. Dearly as she loved herj mother, she could not consult with her' on this subject; for Mrs. Lancaster was so strongly prepossessed in favor of the talented agreeable artist, who had preferred her portionless {laughter to everyone in Woodleigh, that she could praise him for everything. Clinton took good care that North should occupy no post of advantage during the picnic, for he monopolised Mary, while Miss Bridges was left to Mr. Suns, indignant and unmanage able. North, however, found one lady in the party to whom his attentions were most acceptable, and : that was Miss Ewings. None of the Woodleigh gentlemen could, spare a thought for the poor governess, who was neither pretty nor well dressed; and Rose, who had been apprehensive that the picnic would give her no pleasure, was delighted to see Mr. North more polite and attentive to her than she had ever observed him to be to anyone. Clinton predicted a marriage as likely to come of this remarkable condescen sion, and whispered to Mary that he considered it a very suitable match. She was not pleased at the remark. Miss Swings might be a very good go verness, but she certainly was not the sort* of person that would suit North; and as for the attention he paid her, be was onty behaving kindly and generously to one whom the Wood leigh people rudely neglected. She looked* at him with pleasure in her eyes,, and Nortai recollected an absurd mystic sentence of Novaiis, which as sures disbelievers in magic that their Incredulity would be shaken when 'Spy 3felt the spell contained In the just kfiid glance from the beloved one; 2nd he thought the idea was not bo absurd after all. Mr, Clinton's verse* to ibe Ifcose of Lancaster were read aloud by himself, and received with great applause; and Rose's little head was -j«ite turned by his flattery. At this moment a stran ger made his appearance among the party. He was a young man shabbily dressed, but handsome, if it had not been for an expres sion of recklessness and familiar ease that was disagreeable In one so poorly attired, GBsim tiba&fltA; »* de we? I lor when he saw him; he left Mary's side, and looked at the new comer with doubtful anxiety. 'Well, Albert, my boy; I have got back again safe, you see, and I thought the first thing I had to ao was to nsh you out and then find out how the land lies at home. You are precious merry here, rusticating, but not as we used to do it at college. You always were in luck, Albert; cannot you get a fellow a glass. of something? for I am tired and thirsty, and no mistake.' Clinton shook hands with the stran ger, gave him a glass of wine and water, and looked exceedingly un comfortable. 'I thought you were settled across the Atlantic, Fred; and would as goon have thought of seeing a ghost as see ing you. How did you like the Yan Jrees?' 'Sharp fellows, but unpleasant No respect for a gentleman in the great Republic. I am disgusted with the United States, I am.' Miss Bridges wondered at the fel low's impudence in pretending to be a gentleman, or looking for any 're- spect from anyone; but he seemed to be quite satisfied with himself. 'This is the pleasantest thing I have seen since we parted, Albert; so I hope you will let me join your party, and be happy for once. Introduce me, if you please.' He was introduced as Mr. Frederick Grant, an old school-fellow of Clin ton's, and gradually pushed himself forward so as to get a share of the best of everything. 'Mr. Ciinton may be all very well himself,' said Miss Bridges to Mr. Sims, 'but I do not admire his selection of friends.' But William Lancaster soon found out that this Mr. Grant knew a good horse, and was learned in dogs and such things. He began to tell him how completely he had rooked Clinton at ecarte on the preceding day, and that he had beaten him at piquet too. 'Hang ecarte!' said Mr. Grant, en ergetically, 'and loo, and rogue-et-noir, and billiards. They lead a fellow into more mischief than enough; I'm sure I wish they had been all sunk into the bottom of the sea before I meddled with them!' 'You forget yourself, Fred!' said Clinton. 'No! confound it! I remember myself a little too well. I know that if I had kept from, dice and cards, and pen and ink, and all that sort of thing, I should never have needed to go to America, or get such a cool reception when I came home to England.' 'Fred, don't you think you had bet ter go home to my lodgings? and I will join you in an hour or two. We have to talk about business, and it would be better for you to keep cooL' 'You do not look particularly cool yourself,' retorted the other. 'You cannot carry a glass to your head as steadily as I can— just try.' 'Who is that strange man?' asked Mary. 'A character; do not mind what he says; I am only afraid he will drink too much, and do something very ab surd. 'Then you had better go home with him yourself,' said Mary. 'We will excuse you for the remainder of the day.' 'Oh, no,' said Rose, 'it will com pletely destroy the picnic if Mr. Clin ton goes, and I rather like Mr. Grant too — he is something new.' 'Grant is not my name, my fair lady,' said the stranger. 'It is a' fancy name that Albert gives me, and does very well on occasion; but I have a very good name of my own, if I chose to tell it' 'Are you mad, Fred? You must come home with me, though it is a dreadful sacrifice to me to leave this delightful company, and your peculiar picnic, Miss Rose,' said Clinton, as he drew his friend's arm through his and carried him off, leaving Rose in a state of ? great dissatisfaction— for nothing went right afterwards. The charades were all old, and everybody found them out at once. Mr. Sims objected to playing on his violin with out the accompaniment of Clinton's flute, so that dancing was impracti cable; and the only lively thing about the company was the curiosity that had been excited by the sudden ap pearance and disappearance of Mr Clinton's friend, -and the surmises that were hazarded as to him. 'Dm yon ever See 2iim before, Mr. North?' asked Miss Bridges, forgetting her dignity In her desire for informa tion. 'No, I never have met with him,' replied North; 'but it is no unfrequent thing for a man to have schoolfellows who get into scrapes, and who are hardly presentable at such a party as this, but yet whom it would be very ungenerous for him to cast off altoge ther, r dare say Mr. Clinton will ex plain as much of the matter as we shall care to know when his friend leaves Woodleigh.' Miss Bridges shook her head, but Mary Lancaster was satisfied — with North at least 'What the deuce brings you back again, Fred?' said Clinton. **Wny you have been little more than a year away altogether; it Is the maddest tiling I ever heart! of.' (To be continnerD 