THE GREAT PEARL (FOR THE "SUNDAY TIMES") T last, afc last. Everard !' Everard weighed it in his hand. ' ' Graham,' he said, 'it is a for tune \' ' It ia !M I ans wered. While we talked both of us bowed over the pearl in Everard's hand, and the sun, rod as a ruby, drowned himself in the Indian Ocean. 'Everard, this is a pearl of pearls. 'Twas gotten in green depths to heighten a wonderful woman's beauty. We look upon a virgin loveliness. Who will be the last to see it, think you, and when that time cornea will it still be white or stained ?with crimson ?' Everard rolled the gem from hand to hand. ' If you think ifc may add to the world's crime,' he said, smiling, 'perhaps it would be better to throw it whence it came — in yonder white smother.' 'Don't be a fool, Everard !' I said, with a sudden savageness. ' Very well, it is the sea's gift ; we thank the sea, and we receive it.' ' Give it to me,' I said. Everard held it between the sun and my eyes. 'Not there, Everard ; here, in my hand.' My fingers itched to clutch it again. A thirst like that of salt burned me through. Those only who have touched the borders of Eldorada know the strength of such desire. . 'How deep and clear and beautiful it is,' I pondered. ' A man might give his life for this trifle and be amply repaid.' 'Yes,' said Everard, 'a man might give his life for ifc, and ifc would be a little thing for a little thing. Tefc I think there are some things ifc could not buy.' 'Everard,' I said, 'here is beauty for you! Drink ifc in. Ifc is so pure and isolated. I love to look on things liko this. One time jusfc such another feeling en thralled me. It was years ago, in Queens land. I had been walking all day through a plain as red as Mars, when at sunset I came upon a mass of quartz that shone like ice. Behind ifc and above ifc the sky burned like a red rose. About it the plain seemed stained a sullen, crimson. Amid all this color it stood out white and delicious — a drink for tired eyes. I wan fascinated. It was the contrast, you see, Everard, and it is the contrast now. So much poverty and hardship and — such wealth.' Out at sea ifc was growing dark purple. The horizon was blurred with webs and 'wreaths of vapor, and waves rolled in wifch a hollow, insistent inoan. Everard's hand crept caressingly to the gem. A bitterness began eating within me, and a shameless thought arose. ' This pearl is my pearl. Who put this man here, and why should he share it? It is only enough for one woman, and can a man be satisfied with less, than ifc ?' This was spoken to myself. But I looked at Everard's brown fingers, and Baid aloud: 'Everard, who found this pearl ?' Everard answered, ' I and you.' ' Nay, Everard, I and you.' Everard's face darkened. ' Why not you only ?' he said. 'Then be ifc so,' I said, ' it was I only.' 'Hush, Graham,' he said, 'it is ill jesting in such a devil's matter. I saw the pearl before you did. I was on the point of picking it up when you shouldered me, and it belongs ? ' 'To both, I admit ; but just listen. We were walking along here, I at the waves' edge, you at my left shoulder. - We were talking, if you remember, of ? ' 'Never mind of what,' said Everard. I saw the reproach and stuttered. We had been talking of Evorard in the days gone by, of an incident in our past, and what a picturs it would make. 'However, as you say, what we talked of matters nothing. I was telling you some thing, and you were watching my eyes. On the sudden you saw a look in them, and followed their direction. Then neither of us made any hurry. We did not; shove or scramble. You admitted, however, by allowing me to lift tbe pearl that it was of my finding. Was that not so ?' ' No,' said Everard. ' By Heavens, no ! One would think we were no longer mates to hear you talk. I saw the pearl, and — ' ' You did not.' ' I did 5' ' I tell you you did not.' ' And, what's more — ' ' You'll have it, I suppose ?' 'I may.' He stood within a foot of me, frowning through the twilight. What devil's eyes he had, and yet in that other incident they had looked so like the Samaritan's. He was a bigger man than I, and the rifle trailed from his hand. ' Very well, Everard ; let us be friends. We will go halves in the pearl. We will bring it to Perth, then to London, and sell there at the best price. Till that is done we are mates. Are you satisfied ?' He nodded. - I wrapped the pearl in silk and placed it in my pouch. How did ifc happen that I was not happy ? I had the pearl, but Everard had the rifle. A grave distrust of him lifted a snake head in my heart. And there he stalked beside me, a grim figure whose eyes filled and darkened with fire aud melancholy. We had been open-hearted mates. A white thing came on a beach. We were mates no longer. God help us both! A dozen times I had risked my life in defence of Everard, and more times than that he had saved me. Now the spear might fly and the blood gush, but which of us would mourn the other's loss ? We made our camp by a lagoon. On either side, ridge beyond ridge, the sand hills, like a procession of dim ghosts, marched through the distance. A crescent moon, with a star at its tip and a dawning, world in its curve, lit the mid-water. On each side deep shadow lay. Flappings of heavy wings came down the stillness. Tbe hollow roar of the ocean sounded through the sandhills like the murmur of a foreign planet. Everard stretched his full length and puffed at a great pipe. The red sandal wood, clinking into embers, painted his features. Ifc was a face that under other circumstances had often wrought me strongly. Bearded and brown, crossed and re-crossed wifch wrinkles and lines, the acids of bitter fate had stripped ifc of all softness. For a score years this man liad been a wanderer ; half of that time alone. During those years few pleasures flowered for him. The bright intervals were as fine and few as specks of gold in a handful of black sea-saud. Here at length was a har vest and a haven. I say these things now, but did not see them then. ' Everard, I am going towards the beach.' He turned a quick, anxious look on me. ' Be careful,' he said, ' don't go far ; re member the blacks.' I sneered something in reply. Everard had learnt duplicity at last. Come now, friend, I thought, what is it thafc you hunger to preserve — my life, or is ifc the pearl ? And yefc when I turned and looked at him swathed in loneliness I could not hate him. God fashioned me a man, and my throat choked when the heart within me swelled big. With a hot forehead I swung onward through the sand, and stayed only at the wave's edge. Far away to the left and right the great beach swept. On those miles of dark sand the most mysterious of seas surged. Many a ship of olden quest rotted in the matted weed and slime of its depths. Many a white bone had grown green as emerald there. A thousand dead men slept beneath its tides — rusted swords in the hands of some, cloven skulls on the spines of others. All these, with their ambitions, were gone. I with mine lived on. Yefc how beautiful ifc was! The foam came crisping to my feet, dissolving in a fire of crystal globes of light, blue as steel, sailed hither, thither and away. A wonderful bright star was rising. I took the pearl and held it in the light of the star. Then my hand dropped, and I stood listening. A sound of feet gritting on the sand had reached we. I turned ; there was no one in view. Again I held the pearl aloft and joyed in its possession. A wild exhilaration caughfc me up in enchanted arms. I alone must own thafc pearl — no halves — no Everard ! Again my arm fell, and I lent my ear towards a mysterious treading. The long roll of the ocean drowned all noise. Ifc must be imagination, I thought, and again began to dream. The pearl was mine, aud rightly mine. Let Everard go, be should have none of it. With it I might have love and riches at will — wine and women and the world's best. Then as I looked at it and laughed there came a sudden rush of feefc, the stars flew and flamed, and I fell on the beach shrieking. A wave came and stole the pearl and left; me shrieking still. I shut my eyes, for the face was horrible. Straight above me eyes gleamed wifch red malice through amass of tangled hair. An uplifted arm prepared to strike. But the blow did not fall. Instead, the native jumped a good 6ffc and fell dead on the sand. A moment after, Everard, hia line smoking, was beside me. ' It is gone,' I said. *? It is better so,' he answered. ' And I am wounded.' ' Let me see.' He felt the spear-wound. 'It is not serious.' 'tiod bless you, Everard !' — Roderic Quinn. . . . AND FELL DEAD ON THE SAND. 