THE SINGLETON SPOOK. A Phantom Light. Crowds of Gliost Hunters. Chasing- the Will o tho Wisp - An Un easy Spirit— The Vanished Vlcliery. When Professor Pepper's apparition appa ratus was first exhibited at the old Poly technic in Londou, many years ago, every body went about asking everyone else, "Have you seen the ghusr. Inaeed, the prevaiiiug curiosity was put into concrete form in a comic song whioh detailed how "On every wall and post, go where you will, it's have yon Been the ghost-' That is what is taking place in Singleton just now (says the Singleton Argus of Wednesday last). For some daya South SiDgleton had a monopoly of or a mortgage upon the matter, but tho ghost business has extcuded itself, and is cow com mon property.. Nor is it- one to be spoken oi too lightly, for persons of undoubted credibility have made statements as to what they have actually seeD, which, wanting explanation, point to something very strange and wonderful in deed. To get back to the beginning, bow- ever, and trace out the ghost so far as pos sible, it may he stated that Borne years ago a man named Vickory, who uad in his possession a large sum of money, is alleged to have left Singleton one night for his"' home by the Bulga, and to bave been seen for the last time by anyone on earth: going . down.- to the river near Faw- cett's paddocks;- Ho never. : reached. . his homo, and : his disappearance is : up : to ' the present : moment - altogether un- ! accounted for. -Since Vickery vanished, however, -Itherp- have - from time to . time been rumors of strange lights and appari tions becoming visible about tho exact ldoality in- which ho was'last seen aiive. In- .deed'ir is said that a wel -kuown rosidoutof South SihgietODj liile walking, round tho i-roud ;thero :onb Jevening:in the gloaming,. overtook, asbo-thougnv a personai friend . '. who had baon walking in iront ol bim. He tapped that personal' iriend on tho shoulder, j ibulyi to fiud.thttt.his handimet, no.resistanee, but wont through Boinething quite unsub- t stantial.- His --supposed friend; : or the .wraith; on form .which ho - tried to-'-toueh,- . '.immediately, like :the" witches, : made iteelt s into "air; and .vanished.- ' He stood amazed, and- his hair, stood on -end.1 He -got : - away - from the spot -as quickly as pos sible, but declines to visit it now after dark unless in good company. :" " During the last month or two it'is asserted- that Btrange ; and- mystio-' lights have been; seen hovering about in a?paddook. near this \- ; haunted spot.' 'These lights: make their ap pearance ut-25 minutes before 9 p.m; ; bur,- like, the railway trains noar them, they aro- sometimes, though iofrequently, not. on time, and cannot.be counted on to appear at the exact moment set down, for them in the1 time-table arranged for them as the result of popular observation. On Friday night last, ' howover, a light of an inexplicable- nature' was certainly seen by persons whose in-: tegrity in the' matter is quite- beyond suspicion. A party of six. or seven, including Mr. 'Play lord and his' son;1 and Mr. Moran, employees at the railnay sta- tion;' went towards Abbey Green' ;to watoh for the light or ligh ts, and- their watch , was- not unrewarded. At ' the hour' ex-', qieeted iv light suddenly made its appear ance in a naddock nearly opposite' tho cemetery. When- first seen, the- ' light was about the size of that which' would be emitted from a band lantern,1' but different from that kind of illumination in appear ance, being isomewhat thin and diffused, without a' very definite centre. It 'was1 a, little above the ground,' and moved towards the party of' watchers without apparently "the aid 1 of any human agoncy.:- After it had - got within 100yd. or sb of the ob-. 'servers'" it 'stopped,' and- then they began to approach it, on which a regulnr will-o'-the- wisp chase began. As' tho soatchors after the myatio advanced ' the light,1 which had gained considerably -in size as it ap proached, began- to retreat at a rate ex- aetly regulated by tile movements of the .spectators. If -they' ran "it moved very quickly, and kept pace with- them ; if they walked it 'went ' at a slower rate ; if they stood still it stopped. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chase in . the paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more that night. The spectators returned to town, aud tho accounts of what they had undoubtedly "seen " kept all South Singleton in conver sation on-Saturday, and by Sunday bad got hold in Singleton.' ' On Sunday night a number of people went out "to see the ghost," but though they waited long and patiently no ghost walked, no light appeared. On Monday quite 100 persons on foot, on horseback and in buggies wont to invcBtigatn the appearance of the phantom light. They waited and waited and scoured the haunted paddock, but could see nothing. They, however, earned . the just remonstrances of Mr. J. Dines, who ronts the paddock for grazing, and whose cattle did not appreciate bo many visitors. The greater part of the crowd came back to Singleton and reported that there wbb no ghost. But it is assorted that soma, who remained to a pretty late hour, were rewarded by noticing a light flickering about the paddock. And, it must bo remembered, that nn modest or self-re- spouting ghost would feel inclined to mako a show of himself for the benefit of a crowd who had come to see him urged by curio sity rather than by a desire to be courteous, and to attend to anythine he niich: have to Bay or to show them, Thoso aro the facts connected with the ghost so far, and readers can draw their own conclusions from them. H. M.S. Dart arrived in Brisbane yester day after a rough trip from Sydney, Cap tain Homing had two ribs brokon. An old man named Roswall in Melbourne: yesterday was being evicted, when .ho attempted to shoot his landlord. 