JEdigions ^etos. ST. PETER'S UATHKDRAL. — In memoriam . services to the late Rev. Francis Williams were held in St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday. In the morning proper Psalms (xrxix. and xo.) ware chanted and appropriate lessons read. The sermon was preached by Canon Poole, whoGookas bis text "Mark the perfect man and behold the upright" (Psalm xxxvii. 38). He referred to bis intimate acquaintance with the deceased, extending over a period of twenty-Beven years, and dwelt on how he used his powers and ability for the proiperity and benefit of St. Peter's College. After he retired the deceased gentleman was put on the Board of Governors, as his advice and counsel were found to be so helpful. By the Standing Committee of Synod Mr. Williams was looked up to as a man of right judgment and sound wisdom, and when Bishop Kcnnion appointed him his ohaplain the whole Diooeaa showed its approval. The anthem " Happy and blest are they" (Mendelssohn) was aucg, and after the blessing had been pronounced the '* Dead March" was played. Morning pr<tyor was followed by plain celebration of Holy Communion. The usual servioe, with the speoial anthem "Brother, thou arc gone before"(Sullivan), was beld in the evening. Tbe Precentor (the Rev. W. S. Milne) preached from the text "Be ye also ready" (St. Luke xii. 40). During the course of bis remarks he pointed out bow tbe prayer-book recommended one to often receive the Holy Communion as the means of being always in madiness to die. ST. PETER'S COLLEGIANS' ASSOCIATION.— The annual Church service in connection with St. Peter's Collegians'Association was held ia the College Chapel on Sunday evening, Bishop Harmer preaohing. The aorvioe took the form of an in memoriam to the late R97. Francis Williams, formerly Head Master of St. Peter's College. Dr. Harmer took as his text—"Keep mcoc-uoy, and take heed unto tbe thing that is right, for tbat shall bring a man peaoa at the last" (Psalms xxxvii. 33). He said that to many of them then the dead spoke witb a tenfold powe>r as They pioturad the well-remembared form of the late Rev. Mr. Williams leading tho eaored administrations of that chapel or heard his voice again upraised with oharaoteristic clearness in reading or in exhortation. But he spoke now not in words of encouragement or of warning, but by the mora eloquent example of a completed lite 0:1 earth rendered up to Him who made it, to be reoeived into that oloser relation with his M&iter; in the paradise of God. And if he might venture to express in one sentence the utterance which that completed life appeared to him to frame, it was to be foucd in the injunction of the psalmist— "Keep innocency, and take heed to the thing that is right, for that shall bring a man peace at the last." It had been well said " Greater than anything else is education." Vastly greater than any question about how many facts and sciences the teacher might have taught his pupil, there must always be the other question into what presence be had introduced him and before what standard he had made his pupil stand, for in the answers to these questions were involved all tbe deepest issues of the pupil's character and life. He who had passed away from among them set up with au unfaltering hand the standard of innocency and right. In the simplicity of his own life and habits, in the singlemindedness of his character, in hi acorn of taking advantage of another's ignorance for his personal aggrandisement, in the anxiety "which shrank from all publioity," in bis quiet obedienoe to the call of duty, in his strict attention to the ordinary avocations of life ha was indeed an example to the boys he taught. Refusing to ask whether acts were popular or expedient or profitable, he insisted on asking whether eauh act was right. St. Peter's Souooi could well claim to have led the van in endowing South Australia with great and nobis sons. Au one looked at the list of honours inscribed in the sohoolroom again and again one found names whioh had reached the front rank in the annals of the oolocy, and it was a glorious ambition for every boy to determine that, God helping him, be would climb the ladder of honour and leave his mark in the history of his generation. Success, however, was the privilege of the few, but all oould live a life of stainless purity and of unswerving reucitude. He concluded by eloquently exhorting the boys tbat they would so act that there would bs no dark spot in their lives upon which scandal could find feeding plaoe, and then whether their oareer was brilliant or commonplace they would have dowered the city and oolony with the priceless gift ef OIBB more citizen of uprightness, of iutegrity, and of honour. ST. PAUL'S CHOBCH.—A confirmation servioe was held at St. Paul's by Bishop Harmer on Sunday morning, when the Church was orowded to its utmost capacity. After a pro cessional hymn the Bishop gave a fhort but impressive address to the candidates, exhorting them to remember the twofold meaning of the rite of confirmation. Firstly, that of themselves confirming the vows of their baptism ; and, secondly, being confirmed by the Holy Ghost and made full members of Christ's Cburoh. The Rector, Rev. J. Suater, B. A., then presented nineteen candidates, 12 males and 7 females. After these had been confirmed tbe Bishop gave a second address, in whioh he pointed out that the confirmed were not proof against temptations, but only civeu more strength to fight against them. H<s compared the elements of air, light, and food as being symbolized in the Christian's life by prayer, the Bible, and the Holy Co nmunion. He urged them to attend the sacrament of tbe Holy Communion regularly and with due preparation. The address was attentively listened to throughout. In the evening the Rector preaohed to a large congregation on " Liberty," (bis sermon being the third of a series on kindred subjeots. The solo "If witb all your bearbs"(Elijah) was effectively sung by Mr. T. Wilkineon, followed by Maofarren's setting of " The Lord is my shepherd," sung by the choir. Mr. Wilkinson, who has taken an active part in the Church work both as a member of the choir and a lay reader, is leaving the oolony for Western Australia, and after the service he was presented with an address, eiened by the Reotor, Wardens, and members of the ohoir, expressing regret at his departure and wishing him godspeed. At the conclusion of the service the " Dead March" was played, as a tojren of reapeot to the memory of the late Rev. Francis Williams. 