The Exile's Daughter; OR, A GIRL OF THE PE0Plr7S— 77% \ >/ ./V; \- 7/ BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author ot ,f Cruel London,' 44 Olytie," 44 Three Recruits," "Under the Great Seal, 14 By Order of the Czar," eto., etc, v CHAPTER VII.— (Continued). And all this time we have been detaining the gentleman with the letter from the Duke, but he is well content, for Adser has pre sented herself and bidden him good-day, and invited him to accompany her to the caveru, where Mucklethorpe had duly planted candles and blue fire and other illuminating material ready to do justice to the most remarkable cavern in the known world— to nse his ac customed formula of preliminary description — only excelled for its stalactite additions by the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky. m May I first look at your beautiful stock of curiosities ?" said Geoffrey, once more glancing round the lapidary's museum. "Ob, yes," said the girl, "but grand mother could have shown you the museum and things. 1 will call her, and tell old Mucklethorpe to wait." "No, don't call her ; I would rather you were my guide." 4 ' Then you'd tetter come another day, said the girl, 44 because old Mucklethorpe is a bit crotohetty, and he's waiting for us." Oh, if Mucklethorpe is crochetty, let us go, by all means," said Geeffrey, with an amused smile. , " Crotohetty isn't the word for it when he s mad," said the girl. " I hope he is not often mad." " No, not often ; he's a good sort, as a rule, but he hates to be kept waiting, and there's the cost of the candles besides." Then, altering her manner, and looking at the visitor with a carious and enquiring glance, she said, " Grandmother said you'd got a letter from the Duke ?" " Yes ; would you like to see it ?" said Geoffrey, taking out a pocket-book, and fish- ing from it a letter, which he placed in her bands. " I've never seen a letter from a duke," she said, unfolding the notepaper and fixing her eyes upon it. 4 We're to show you every attention ; why, of course, w® should, but it's rare and fine of His Grace to ask us, isn't it ? Not that I think much of his writing (look ing up at Geoffrey apologetically) ; if he'll excuse me for saying so, it isn't as cood as our Zodack Bradford's. I've heard old Muckle thorpe say the Duke's never seen this place and that he's lots of property that he knows nowt about." "Indeed," said Geoffrey, with an encour- agiog pause that induced Adser to continue, for she could see that the gentleman liked to hear her talk. "Not that such a thing is anythragagarast him, and everybody speaks well of him ; in deed, I've never heard nowt against him or the family, and one of them, he was a Lord Frederick and handsome, was over the cavern some years ago, and even Zodack, who don't like folk with titles and things, said ho was a true nobleman." Geoffrey nodded, and emiled, and listened with an apparent air of respect and. attention that was not lost upon Adser, who was ac customed mostly to tourists and big excur sion parties, who were only civil and re- speotfui to her when she had them in the cavern as their guide, and threatened them in her description of the grimest corners of it. . . She had been known, on occasions, when she disliked either her work or the company she was .piloting through the subterranean depths, to leave them in darkness longer than was either pleasant or safe on the brink of tome roaring cataraot which she had stepped aBide to illuminate with blue fire, but had paused and laughed mischievously to herself until the darkness and the roar of the waters had terrified them into a shivering anticipa tion of disaster. Adser was not the regular guide to the Devil's Cavern of the Peak, which is said to be the only rival to the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky, but she liked the place ; and since Mucklethorpe's two daughters had married and gone to live at Buxton, she had oftener than usual given the tenant of the cavern ter assistance in pioneering visitors through its labyrinths. Moreover, Mucklethorpe paid her sixpence for every trip, and " Stingy Blythe" said it kept her out of mischief. Zod«ck Bradford said it was a treat to hear j the girl reel oft her story, with extempo- I raneous additions and dramatic touches that added to the impressiveneas of the weird place, with its pitfalls, its sudden rivers and itB vast halls, that looked like ornamental excavations and architectural freaks of an age of giants. , „ . , . _ "That is Peveril Castle," said Adser, observing Geoffrey looking across the little brook and up the sides of the great limestone cliffs at the square, weather-beaten tower perched above them. " Peveril of the Peak's Castle? " Yes, but Zodack Bradford says it was never an v more, than a fortress, and that Sir Walter Scott knew nowt about the Peak." " Indeed. I suppose it is not necessary to know a country if you are only making a story about it?" "Out of your own head? suggested "Just so," Geeffrey replied. « Zodack says that's how Scott felt about Derbyshire, but not about any other place ; owt's considered good enough for Derbyshire, especially the Peak." " Mr Bradford seems to say a good deal to you ? ' " 0\ yes, we have fine talks together ; he's a scholar, you know." "Is he, indeed ?" Adser caught what she thought was some- thing like a sneer in the amused tone of Geoffrey's remark, and she looked at him with a slight flush beneath her eyes, and stopped to observe, in a iprmai way, "yonder's the cave, just a few Bteps more." " Bat you were going to tell me about Mr Bradford," said Geoffrey. "No, I've said enough; I'm only just making you laugh. I don't know how J. come to get on talking so, it's not my habit with strangers ; but I thought it might be respectful to Duke if I kept you in conversa tion a bit." " Laughing, my dear child," said Geoffrey. 4 4 I beg your pardon if, while you were thinking of being respectful to the Dnke, von think I have not been respectful to you." I did not know that I laughed, but if I did it was with pleasure to think that I should get you to introduce me to Mr Zodack Bradford." " Is that ic Duke's letter ?" she asked, still in her changed tone and manner, her confidence in the visitor's genuine interest in her conversation unrestored by his labored explanation. " No ; but I would like to see him at work, and I would like to buy some souvenir of th9 Peak." " There's some of his work that he won't sell to anybody," said Adser. looking away from Geoffrey, and seeming to be deeply in terested in the strata of limestone rock that now gradually came in sight with its massy front freckled with lichens and with flowers. , " A true artist," Geoffrey answered, con templating the free and fearless young girl of the Peak. 14 Art is more beautiful than money." 44 This is the cavern,'' said the girl, radi cating the vast open doorway of God's fac tory ; 44 keep to the right." 44 Such is my constant endeavor, said Geoffrey, smiling, as his picturesque and in teresting guide strode on ahead with the easy grace of an Egyptian water-carrier. CHAPTER VIII.— Cupid on the Bank of the Styx. Geoffrev suddenly found himself in the presence of » massive rcok, with a grey front that was wrinkled with time-worn furrows, but variegated with straggling vegetation, and further adorned with flowers that waved gently to and fro in the glowing August air. The sky was perfectly clear above, and against it, like a finishing decoration of the enormous rock, was a fringe of stunted trees in artistic outline. In the centre of tins pile of limestone there spread out on either hand a stupendous arch- wav It might have been the portal of some wondrous temple that had been dedicated the gods in the days when , such deities abounded. . - . ., Or to seek for a more familiar similarity, it might have been the western front _of an ancient cathedral, smitten with age and worn out of all semblance to any distinctive order of architecture. Again, to range the fancies of fiction, it might have been the cave ot a magician ; for at the very entrance there were files of strange uncanny -looking poles — or " standards," as they are technically called — with oross- like and angular beams from whioh swung ropes with' pendants hanging from them, suggesting gibbers ; not realistic gibbets, such as one recalls as land- marks in the criminal history of the country, but such as a witch or wizzard might have set up as the gruesome ornaments of a dark and weird retreat. Geoffrey saw that these gallows -like ereo- i fcions were repeated right and left, running away into shadow. There were also woOden guides for ropes and twines, made strangely picturesque with incidents of great twine drums, and wheels of smaller dimensions. Presently entering the cabin he became one of a crowd of people, all busy except himself, no witohes or magicians, but simple rope- m titers plying their trade ; a most remark able sight, he thought, and impressive as it was remarkable. He observed that the factory was cut off from a higher path by posts and rails ; and in a corner on his right was a wooden hut, a roofed-in shanty, at the door of which stood his guide, Adser Blythe. Pausing to take in the general scene, he recognised the girl as its leading figure. The very composition of her surroundings gave her the foremost place in the foreground. She was the one tendei bit of color, it would be no exaggeration to say that she was in deed the one sweet bit of humanity in the picture. This is no disparagement of the women and girls down below her in the ropery ; for they no longer belonged to the scene in which Adser was the leading actress. They were cut off from the path to the inner cavern, and the light of the entrance fell upon her in a slanting beam as a very deftly- arranged shaft of limelight in a theatrical scene might have rested upon the her Dine of a play. Adser Blythe was a young woman who would have challenged your attention wher ever you might have seen her ; but here in this strange place she gave a feminine touch to her grim environment that was peculiarly charming. . Mr Jerry Bray was quite right about her taste in dress, or her instinct, one might better say, for the attire that suited her best, not alone in the matter of personal appear ance, but as regarded the work she had to perform ; for she was a person of many duties. She not only acted as guide to the cavern, but always the first to rise at the lapidary's cottage ; she made the fire, get breakfast ready, and frequently toon cnarge oi museum, let alone having to take miscellane ous lessonB from Zodack Bradford. On summer davs she helped a friendly farmer in the hay field, was a good hand at wheat" harvesting, though there was vary little corn growing in tue Peak ; she had also occasional fiw of rumbling about the hills, and would bring home trophies of all kinds, nuts, berries, flowers and geological specimens, some of which Zodack would polish /or her and im mortalise. No w and then she would be away for many hours, and return home through the cavcra when they thought she had already left that mysterious country underground. Adeer knew more about the Devil's Cave than all the . historians, geologists and mining engineers put together ; but at present that is her Becret. _ T . . On this August afternoon Geoffrey batu- kill took special note of her as she stood within the light near the keeper's hut. bhe was above the medium height of woman. Her head was bare of hat or bonnet. It was well poised apou her shoulders that were broad but sloping. Her hair was roughly bound up into a knot in her neck. It was a dull red -and there was a criapness in it that betokened a tendency to curl. It was slightly parted iu the middle and came down low upon an open though closely-knit forehead. Her eyes were a deep blue with dark brows and lashes, and her face had the paleness that is often seen with red hair, though in her case it. had none of the waxy appearance that goeB with freckles. It was a genuine complexion that many ladies in society en deavor to imitate with bismuth aud other artificial washes. The girl's lips were rudy and her teeth white. Her mouth was a good- tempered mouth. It laughed easily, was sensitive also to a pitiful story, but with a certain firmness that might justly inspire trust and con fidence. Her chin was very different in contour from that of our friend Tregarron ; it was broad, and at the same time round, not a prominent chin such as certain modern painters of classic figures love to depict, but a lovable, human, honeBt ohin, belonging to a real womanly face, with a nose not too per fect, having the faintest suggestion of the retrousse, and yet not without dignity ; one of those noses, in short, that women get. old gracefully with ; not too prying a nose, not the nose that Is eternally poking into other people's business ; a nose that was perfectly in harmony with the frauk, open, laughing face ct one of the loveliest creatures that Geoffrey Lathkill thought he had ever 86en. Adser was dressed in a brown serge bodice on suimeb days she helped a fbien'dly faejieb in the hay field. and skirt, showing a neat pair of ankles, iu blue woollen stockings, and au equally neat pair of feet in strong tennis shoes. Har dress was slightly open at the neck, and she wore a soft white kerchief. Her waist was loosely clasped by a brown leather belt, fastened with a silver buckle, a present from Zodack Bradford, who had bought it from a dealer, who in his turn had bought it from an old worn in,' who had taken it from the clasps of an old Bible. Geoffrey did not know this until later ; but it is just as well to mention the fact in this place. The general effect of Adser on the not too susceptible male mind would bs that of a fine, healthy, good-natured, handsome girl ; and this was the effect cn the mind of Geoffrey Lathkill on his first introduction to her at the cottage, but here iu the Devil's Cavern, aud with the music of God's factory in his ears, she seemed to him something strange and altogether unusual in her beauty. He was artist enough to know that allow ance had to be made for accessories ; had he not exhibited more than once at the Academy, ana was he not often seen at the Salon ? But there was something so fine, so innocent, so fearlesB, so noble, iu the expression of the countenance generally that later in -the day he began to question himself concerning the sees itions of what is called love at first eight. . It was as if he was awakening from a dream when Adser said, 14 Now, sir, will you come ? Have you anything you would like to leave in the office ?" 44 Is this the office ?'' asked Geoffrey, look- ins into the hut. 44 Yes ; the visitors' book's in there, and visitors pay for admission, and sign their names, but Mester Mucklethorpe says you're not to be charged, and he's waiting for us yonder." She pointed to the dark end of the rope- walk, where a small door was open, and a light could be seen glimmering afar off. Geoffrey, as he follo wed his guide, observed that not only was she beautiful, but that her voice was not the uneducated voice that had struck him as characteristic of most of the ordinary classes of the Peak people. While she was not altogether without a dialect, she spoke with a good selection of ' words, and she pronounced most of thrm cor rectly. The braadth that she allowed to her vowels and her occasional use of thou and thee seemed to add distinction to all she said. Considering that Geoffrey had conversed with women of all classes, colors aud nations, it was odd that he should travel into this humble corner of Derbyshire to find what to his mind was an ideal beauty in the guide to a show- - cavern, and the daughter of a drunken rcpa maker. Thrustiug a lighted candle in his h?nd, the nimble-footed guide the next moment stood on a projection of rook above him, aud oracularly announced that this was 44 one of the largest known caverns in the world, ex tending upwards of two thousand two hun dred feet into the mountain, and dipping to six hundred below its summit, the grand natural archway forming the entrance bei ag' forty-two feet high, and one hundred and twenty wide. Guides, animate and inanimate, take de light always in figureB. . Adser Blythe had learnt the lesson from his predecessor. The original' story had come down from the most primitive guides to 44 the she native of the place," who led Thomas Hobbes, of Malmsbury, through the cavern some two hundred odd years ago. It is not. a little curious that in his day the guide Jhould have been a handsome girl. "WTio with lier stately foot and accent clear As guide emboldens us with many a cheer." Tradition and usage are everything in the Peak. A girl was among the guides who piloted Queen Victoria through the cavern before Her Majesty's marriage, and rowed her over the dark waters of the Derbyshire Styx while a brass band played 44 God Save the Queen." It would interest Her Majesty in these latter days to hear her faithful subjects in the Peak tell strangers all about this great event ; how the Queen stooped with the rest- under the dark subterranean arch, and lay down like any other mortal while the boat was pushed through the tunnel into the semi-darkness beyond. " Follow me, please," said Adser Blythe, as she dashed ahead of the enraptured visitor, to emerge into the first spacious opening of the cavern. 44 This," said Adser, in her oracular man ner, 44 is called the Bell House ; on the other side of this spaoiouB hall, aud which we shall cross, is a stream of water fourteen feet in width. This used to be traversed in a boat. Visitors had to lie flat on their backs while it was rowed through. "There wa9 first a low aich to go under you had to crawl through it. _ Her Majesty Queen Victoria when Ehe visited the Peak inspected this cavern and male the excur sion beneath the archway, and in the boat over what is called the River Styx. If you hold your light down you can see the remains of the old boat ia which the Queen was ferried." Geoffrey lowered his guttering double caudle and noted the decaying timbers of a puut. Turning to make a remark, he saw his guide's light some distance ahead. Ha heard her say 44 be careful bend your bead, " and wheu he had done so he was in another spacious opening, having a roof that was black with wierd shadows. 44 This magnificent hall," said the gu;de, whose face was illuminated by the light o ia candle held above her head, 44 is two hundred and twenty feet in length, two hundred broad, and a hundred and twenty feet high. The sound you hear is that of the river ibat takes its rice in this stupendous cavern, and is the chief water supply of Castleton, In wet and stormy weather it rises to a great height, completely filling the cavern and rendering it wholly impassible, leaving behind a 'deposit ot mild, or fine sand, sucli as you will observe on either side of you em banked. \- 4 It is this fine m iterial that lepidarica uss for their best work in polishing, xhis open ing is called 4 The Grand Saloon,' or 4 Pluto's Hall,' and if you put out your light and stand where you are for a minute you shall see it illuminated whereupon she pursed her lips aud whistled a signal to 44 Mester Mucklethorpe," who was waiting in a well- cho?en corner with a pan of bl"e fire. Before Geoffrey could pay Adser the com pliment that was on his lips, she had blown oat her candle and disappeared. Her voice, as it commanded "put out your light, please," sounding afar off, though it was only a few feet above him. "When all of a sudden the subterranean hall was illuminated, Geoffrey saw a wild exca vation with natural steps here and there and pieces of rock and stalactites in impressive confusion and a broken roof that appeared to have no end. The blue fire with its illuminated smoke being extinguished, Adser was by his side. He did not know . it until he heard her voice. 44 Let me light your candle, please," she said. She little dreamed to what extent she had lighted the candle of his imagination and how brightly it was bnrnrag, how it flashed up when she spoke, how entranced he was under the spell of her voice in this strange subter ranean world. 44 Oh, thank you," wasall he could say at toe moment as Adser struck a common loci- 1 lor match and relighted toe two candles, which he carried tike a oheap torch. 44 Follow me, please,' she aaid. 44 1 oeriainly will," he answered, 4fbnt wait one moment." 44 There is no danger," too said, "it is all plain sailing now." 44 Bat there ismabh danger," said Geoffrey, 44 whore did you get that soft sweet voioef' Adser was accustomed to compliments, and from toe moment that toe had thought Geoffrey was quizzing her, she had kept a check upon her words and manner, though she had been very careful in her pronuncia tion — her elocution, as Zod&ck; Bradford named it — on this special occasion as much in honor of toe Duke's letter as for the reason that toe had an instinctive desire to please the distinguished- looking young fellow with whom at first she was inclined to gossip and chat in her most free and easy manner. Her only response to Geoffrey's question about her voice was her signal-wliistle to Muckiethorpe, a tittle trill of a few notes that went echoing through toe cavern like the cry of a bird. In response Geoffrey saw tiny lights appear one after the other like the lamps of a dim city in zig-zag fashion, one here, another there, and then in rows as yon may see the gas-lamps shimmer when the lamp lighters are busy in toe wintry quarters of an old town. Adser went on with her tiny flame as if to join in this pretty twinkling of lamp, pre sently, however, to pause and announce the next feature of interest. 44 This is Roger Rain's house, so called from to continued dripping of water which you notice ; but we will continue, please ; you won't like to be kept standing in the wet." This last remark was made by way of apology, as she passed to the 44 Chancel" and 44 Orchestra " 44 Some folk call it the chancel only ; and what they call the ortoestra I call the choir. Give me yonr hand." Onoe more toe was by his side, he hardly knew bow, and she was leading him to & point where he could best see the natural beauties of the place known as the Victoria Hall ; and Adser knew more about it and the strange place and the strange headways and incidents of the upper strata of toe rock than any otler living soul. Many a search had been made by en gineers, antiquarians, friends of Muckie thorpe and Agents of the Duke of Devonshire to find the secret way that it was said had existed between the Castle of Peveril and the Devil e Hole ; but none of them had pene trated to a point that Adser knew; and Muckiethorpe always declared that the men in armor in the old days weald never have gone further than the rock under which the Queen had been conducted and out on the other side upon an underground river. Adser, by the way, had forgotten to in form Mr Geoffrey Lathkill that the rock had been blasted for a passage-way since the Qneen's girlhood. 1 he cave was too full of ghosts and devilries, Muckiethorpe argued, in the days when men fought in metal coats for any of Peverii's men to have persevered into the furthest recesses of the Devil's Hole with the awful sound of underground rivers and fiends' cauldrons in their ears. 44 They worked a way into the cavern !" he would say scornfully. 44 Might as well say they took a bath in bottomless pit of Speed well mine, where toe river onto' Devil's Hole falls like ten thousand catter&x;, and into which miners for years and years chucked their stuff, thousand o1 tons, and not make & jot o' difference." The recollections of Muckiethorpe as toe guide set Adser off into a little fit of merry laughter that sounded almost uncanny in the dark passage they were threading, with here and there about them the plash of many waters. 44 1 must come one day and hear Mm," Geoffrey replied. 44 Da ; it is as good as a Punch and Jady show," said Adser, adding in another tone ot voice altogether, 44 this spot is called the Devil's Hole" (projecting her candle into the entrance of a dark cavity), 44 and now we are Cuming to the Half- Way House. Stand here and Muckiethorpe will tight it up." She whistled, and almost at onoe the place was aglow with blue fires and red, to be followed by intense darkness. 44 You whistle wonderfully," said Geoffrey, but there was no response to his remark. Adser had disappeared. She not only knew the cavern by heart, bat could run every step of it blindfolded, and she was as light of foot as a gazelle. 44 Stay where you are one moment," she said, and bounding down a steep descent, her light in her hand, she made Geoffrey's torch twinkle once more, and remarking 44 now we oome to the finest sight of all," took hold upon toe sleeve of his coat and led him for ward. 44 You are the finest sight of all I haves en yet,'1 said Geoffrey, beginning to feel onoe more at home with the girl. 44 Ob, I dare say," she answered, with a laugh. 44 1 »m in earnest," said Geoffrey. 41 Of course, you are," she answered, in a time of banter. 44 Now you are going to whistle for toe tights," be said. 44 Don't for a moment. I Use yonr whistle in itself, but I prefer to hear you talk, and when you whistle yon go off and leave me." (to be continued.) 