BOMB THE WOBLB. An exciting adventure with a tiger is narrated by a well-known sportsman in India. He had been out all day beating a jungle, with the worst of bad luck. Fin ally he discovered a large blue bull — nyl- ghau — and ordered his beaters to drive it towards him, while he posted himself be hind a dense clump of thorns. The beat ers set to work to follow his instructions, but without success, and suddenly an ex citing thing happened. He says: 'I was just going to move away when the beaters shouted fraritically, 'A tiger! A tiger!' I could see nothing, and, supposing it to be only a hyena, or perhaps a jackal, I step ped out from my place of concealment. Arid there, lying between my bush and the next one, was an enormous tiger. We were about eight feet apart, and as there was no getting through the bush on either side, one of us must give way or die. I think we faced each other for half a min ute. If ever I saw wrath personified, it was then. With ears flat against its head, and contracted lips, showing its white teeth, the tiger glared, at me with Its fierce eyes, keeping up a snarling growl and lashing the ground with its tail. Slowly, slowly, I raised the heavy rifle, and aimed at the broad chest, just where the chin allowed me to see it. I recollect now that I remembered to allow for the rise of the ball at so short a distance, and, taking a very fine sight, I pulled the trigger. As I did so I jumped back and drew my knife. It was unnecessary. As the smoke cleared I saw a fierce head drop ping on the paws, and the great cat lay still. The shock of the heavy bullet had prevented a single movement.' A curious and interesting sight might bave been witnessed in Pall Mall, London, a few evenings since. A well-bred looking bulldog, whose belicose features evidently belied his peaceful and intelligent nature, rushed up and down the thoroughfare men tioned, evidently seking an owner. Tired of his unsuccessful efforts, he stopped, spied a hansom cab, sprang in. The cab driver objected at so unusual a fare, and poked at the unwelcome intruder with his whip through the communicating hole at the top of the vehicle. Unavailing were his efforts to dislodge his pertinacious visitor. Presently he was joined by the constable on the beat. The twain screwed up courage and interviewed the tenant of the cab, to find the following legend en graved on his cellar: 'Cupid, the pro perty of Mr. John Bingham, -? Guards' Club.' Promptly the jehu drove his pas senger to the Guards' Club, and was re directed from thence to 19 Palace Gate, Kensington, which is the residence of the j owner, Mr. John Charles Bingham, Q.C. He was received there with open arms, and a liberal cab fare was promptly paid. A remarkable story of the discovery of long-lost heirs to a large fortune in Man chester, which has been accumulating for many years has just been reported, one of the fortunate individuals being a Mr. George Otty, a painter, living at Pember ton-road, East Mclesey. It apears that early in the present century Otty had a grandfather living at Manchester, of which town he was at one time Mayor. He is said to have left a considerable fortune, This, subject to a certain provision which he made for a female relative still living, he bequeathed to his other relatives. Steps were taken to discover the whereabouts of the beneficiaries, of whom there were six, but for many years without success. Advertisements were inserted, private inquiry agents were set to work, clues were found here and there, but for a long time without practical re sult. At length one of the parties inter ested was found in the South of France, two were discovered in America, another was found to have gone to Australia; one had died, and there remained only one missing. After further search information was received that the last heir had at one time been employed by a firm of decorat ors near London. Vague as this informa tion was it was pursued, and on inquiries being instituted among various decorating firms Otty's address was recently discov ered. A representative of the solicitors found Otty engaged as a painter at East Molesey. When informed of his good for tune he was at first inclined to treat the affair as a hoax, but his doubts were soon set at rest by~~the advance of a sum of mo ney. As soon as he was convinced that his good luck was real he threw up his work, and has since been living comfortab ly on money which has been advanced to him from the estate. One of the most striking personal phe nomena of the time (says the 'Daily Chronicle') is the strong friendship which has sprung up between the German Empe ror and Lord 'Lonsdale. 'This mutual . attachment first received open expression last year -at Cowes, when his lordship gave a sumptuous entertainment on board his schooner yacht in honor of the Kaiser, and when his Majesty, after the regatta week, repaired to Aldershot as Colonel of the 'Royals' to witness a review and a sham fight, the most conspicuous member of his suite was Lord Lonsdale, who, in his scarlet yeomanry uniform, was mistaken by many for an offleer of the Emperor's own Hussars, of the guard at Potsdam. Thereafter Lord Lonsdale went over to Konigsberg to attend the Imperial autumn manoeuvres, when he was treated with the greatest distinction, and on returning home he sent the Kaiser a very handsome cigar-box in worked gold, valued at about £1200. Per contra, when at Cowes late ly, he was presented by his Imperial friend and admirer with a costly scarf pin on the day his Majesty lunched on board the Verona. The- present doings^at Lowther Castle speak for themselves, but it may be doubted whether the festivities at Kenilwbrth in honor of Queen Elizabeth assumed. a more elaborate or expensive form than all these present hospitalities at Lowther Cas tle. They are to be followed shortly by a visit of Lord Lonsdale to Berlin on the occasion of the Sedan anniversary, though it is not so very long since his lordship was the Kaiser's' honored guest at Kiel. And from Berlin his lordship will pass -with the Kaiser to Stettin to witness the manoeuvres of no fewer than four army corps, or about 60,000 men,' the largest force which has ever engaged in mimic -warfare in the Fatherland.' An extraordinary scene was witnessed during the early hours of the morning in the churchyard of the parish of St John, at Hackney, recently, when fully a thousand men and women turned out from their houses in the neighborhood to nunt for a supposed ghost. For a time people passing through the churchyard late at night have been startled by the appearance of 'a ghost.' Women have fainted with fright, and the local newspapers have published accounts of the strange affair. Between 10 and 11 o'clock in the night a mixed crowd began to assemble at the rear of the church where 'the ghost' was supposed to be, and where in the usual way scarcely anyone passed after about 11 o'clock. A long wait until midnight, and then, as no ghost ap peared, the crowd went in search of it. Armed with lanterns and candles, and car rying sticks and stones, the crowd climbed the railings from the pathways, and took possession of the burial ground. Graves and tombstones were clambered over, and re cently'' restored mounds were trampled ?down. A portion of the crowd looked upon the whole affair as a joke, and consequent ly every few minutes the cry was raised of 'There it goes!' and immediately the whole crowd rushed in the.^direction indicated. Others amused themselves by making the night hideous with imitations of unearthly cries,, and although the police were requi sitioned to clear the place, it was not until the verge of ? daylight that the last few stragglers went away. The damage to the graves was very great, and efforts will be made to prevent any further 'demonstra tion. Many complaints were made by those present of having their pockets picked. The best medicine known Is Sander and Sons' Eucalpyti Extract. Test its Incomparably powerful e£tects^iu Coughs, Colds* irtfjriemT^ — the relief is instantaneous. la serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they -wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, tt is the eafest remedy, no swelling — no Inflammation — like surprising effects produced in Croup, Diph theria, Bronchitis,' Inflammation of- the Lungs, Swellings, &c.; Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs... In use at all hospitals and.. medical clinics; patronised by bis Majesty the King of Italy; crowned ?with T*''^?1 and diploma at International Ex hibition, Amsterdam. Trust in an approved £2c£««u2i.J£SiL£2L othM*t ? *ri0* u ?* 