sijeib o zntjyjs. \- {FBOH OUS OWS COEBBSPOXBEXT.) Saturday. Place attx dames. The bill which pro jects great reforms in the law relating to pubic companies vanishes from the ^ stage and a - new hone of contention in the shape of ah Adult Suffrage Bill is thrown into the Parliamentary arena. People who have loEt their all, largo or little, by the operation of the limited liability principle, and have been chained to the ghosts of defunct companies so long as a penny was to be squeezed out of them by the legal jack, can feel but a mournful interest in a measure which has for one of its main objects the enfranchise ment- of the discontented shareholder on penalty of what ho has already contribu ted, but those who have something left will regret that the bill bas been so sud denly and unexpectedly shelved. Com placent, careless or fraudulent directors, assuming ,that any exist, will see in the abandonment of the Companies Bill an extension of the liccuse to be. as they have been, for a little while longer. The most ardent advocate of women's suffrage can hardly hope, whatever he the fate of the "Women's Bill in the Assembly, that the Upper House, with heavy work before it , and at this time of the session, will find timetodeal withsuch unimportant amend ment of the constitution as is inferred in conferring votes on the women of Vic toria. Possibly if the lady champions of the measure fill the galleries with a selection of the youngest and loveliest, m their ranks the unfavorable legislators w31 surrender. Notwithstanding the qualified success which has attended the expenment of villa ""o settlements, it is said to be the intention of the Women's _ Christian Temperance Union to establish settle ments somewhat on the same lines But confined to women. The genu idea seems to be to remove the'ladies far away -from, the, unhealthincss and temptations "of citV life including man. The _ success 'of* the experiment, if it is carried out, will be looked for with >omo" curiosity, but- it" is to be feared that the proposal to •exclude the sterner sex will be imposing • too greata restraint on -tbo loyalty of the settlers. 1 One of the sweep promoters' circulars rcoiitains the following rather suggestive '"paragraph: *l3dx being acquainted with" all'the leading racing fraternity, can obtain authentic lnfor : mation on all racing matters, and, there fore," is in a position to secure a ^gpod dividend to those who are not- fortunate j etiough to draw either a horse or- ^cne\of the cash prizes." ~ ! : Tlie: dosingi of the i banfe^%^day; brought home in unpleasant fashion to forgetful people the fact -. that -.-this was the anniversary of Constitution day. We have celebrated at tbe -expense .of the public convenience for well nigh half, a century the conferring of . the "boon of constitutional Government on . tbe: com munity, and it is surely now well nigh time that the thing was - dropped. Per haps, however, the retention, of .such a holiday will continue to act lis a reminder that the unification of the colonies is still lurking in the dim future, and does not seem to get v»ry much nearer. - j ' 1 • j The principal witness against William Brown, who was charged at Richmond to- day with conducting a totalisator, was Elizabeth Parrell, who made investments with the defendant—not so much with: the object of winning as for the purpose • of participating in the fine which she ! expected would he imposed on him. The | Bench fined Brown £o, with costs. . I The desirability of federal co-operation with regaiff to : the efficient inspection of ! frozen meat exports is being impressed ou the Premiers of the other colonies by "TVTV Turner. He recently received a com munication on the subject from Mr Gillies, tbe Victorian Agent-General, pointing out the absolute necessity of eo "operation amongst the colonies with "regard to branding, inspection, etc., of the: meat referred to, as it was most important that tbe Australian colonies .'should all have a similarity of practice, because frozen meat was not known in London by the name of a particular colony, but simply as Australian. The Premier is anxious to know whether the Governments of the other colonies will "co-operate in the matter. (By Telephone.) " : Sunday Night. A man, named "William Wyatt, was arrested last evening on a charge of breaking into the' store of Mr Malorie, tobacconist, of Speucer-street, and steal ing. £70 worth of tobacco, sundries, etc. When arrested Wyatt had. in bis posses-: sion. a number of gold specimens corresponding with those stolen from the Adelaide museum. ; Amelia Johnson, living in Greyhound-] street, Richmond, threw herself into the Tarru oh Saturday evening. Shu was hauled o ut, and-is now-in th etMelbo umo ■ Hospital. _ . Zrc-sCLIC The body of Ada Clemcnsba,T27. years of age, a siugle woman, was found in the Tarra to-day. She was missed from her home, in Richmond, last Tuesday. 