CANDLES, CROSSES, AND ALTARS IN CHURCHES. False worship, he said, was sensuous worship. To say that God was more in one place than another was false worship. Many people believed that the chancel in a church was holy aud the clergy had gates erected to prevent people from entering the chancel. No material struc ture was holy simply from the fact of its being a church and dedicated to a saint. Nor yet did architectural adornments constitute a real part of spiritual worship. The use of candles was not worship. The use of candles in religious worship is a revival of Paganism. The Roman Catho lic Cardinal Baronius admits that the custom of using lights was taken from idolaters. As the Church declined in spiritual light, it advanced in physical light. Instead of the "Light of the Gospel," it preferred " the light of candles." Does not history repeat itself when we see in the Church of England candles burning in imitation of the Church of Rome 7 What does the use of candles mean P . , There are many things which it is said' to symbolize. Here are a few ; the Light of the Gospel, Light of the Law and Prophets, the two natures of Christ, the Light of the Sacrifice, and for proof of the latter use (Lev. vi. 13). By others the use of the caudles means the Holy Ghost, and the sacrament to be carried to the sick. Samming the whole of these meanings up, it plainly and unmistakably meant symbolizing Tran- substantiation and the Sacrifice of the Mas3. Aud by what right did clergymen of the Church of England use these candles? They had no right and were guilty of illegal practices. They were law-breakers and violated their ordination vows. What did the Church of the Reformation say to these things? In 1550 Ridley condemned it, aud Hooper aud Cranmer followed suit, condemning the lighting of candles before the con secrated bread, and good Bishop Latimer expressly condemned it. Jewel said it was verily a proverb of foolishness to light candles in the daytime. To use these "altar lights" was nothing more or less that a Romish innovation and ought to be stamped out. Eor 300 years the Church of England had flourished without candles, aud now it must needs return to the practice. It was entirely opposed to Christian teaching, opposed to the true teaching of the Church of Eagland Reformers, and utterly opposed to common sense. Speaking of the Cross, from time im memorial it had been in universal use among all the religions of the world. If they looked into the ancient history of the Chinese they would find that the cross was used in their worship long before the Christian era began. The same was the case in India, aud it was a well ascertained fact that the origin of the cross was Pagan. The use of the cross was simply the religion of the fleshly man and not the spiritual man. Iu proportion as we recede from heathenism we ought to recede from its usages and not bring them into the pure and undefiled religion of the Lord Jesus Christ. Some people asserted they got spiritual help from looking at and wearing a cross. There could be very little doubt that a man's spiritual condition was very lamentable if it was dependent on a wooden, ivory, or brass cross made by men's hands. Why, this struck right to the root of the great tree of Protestantism. Where was the looking unto Jesus by faith ? The great fundamental principle of justification by faith was assailed and threatened with annihilation if they believed that doctrine taught by Ritualistic "sacrificing" priests, as they choose to call themselves. They might paint the bodily sufferings of our Lord on the cross, and introduce them in crucifixes, but the artist had never yet lived who could depict His agony of soul. No, there was no real spiritual help to be derived from the cross) and the supposed, help was but a cunningly devised fable. - Dissatisfaction. — The London Cor respondent of the Manchester Guardian writes : —'I understand that grave dissatisfaction is felt amongst the leading Evangelical clergy in London at the way in whioh they and those who think with them have been passed over in the matter of public appointments, more espeoially in regard to those in the patronage of the drown ; and it has been proposed, m view ot the general eleotion, to bring their grievanoe under the notioe of the leaders of both politioal parties in the State. There is no desire to enoroaoh upon the rights of other seotions in the Ohnroh, bat the Low Ohnroh- man oomplain that they have not had for some years their fair share of the good things in the Ohnroh. It has, indeed, bean urged that if the bishopries continue to be distributed on the prinoiple pursued in recant years by both Governments the Erangelioals will soon be left without a representative amongst the AniannnatA. Tn vnara onna Ktr annh a nnnran of aotinn as is now contemplated was singul arly effeotive to suoh attentions." Crowning: the Madonna.-— Esolesiastioal affairs appear to be in a very bad way ia the parish of St. John, Horsiey- down, South London. List year the Hon. and Rev. R. E. Adderley was appointed Rootor, with the remit that already a oonside- able number of persons have left the Ohuroh and the Saudayeohools, owing to his advanced Ritualism. . Great dissatisfaction exists,;, and this has bean not a little increased by a full, paged illnatration in the Parish Magazine, tor Febraary, of the " Coronation of the Virgin)" in whioh the Saviour is represented as plaoing the Crown on her head, while He has none on His own head. The natural lesson whioh suoh a pioture teaohea ie, that Mary is of greater authority in heaven than the Son ot God Himself, Retreat or (Quiet days)— The English Churchman says : — " The nbiquitona "Father Black" held "Quiet Days, alias Retreats, last week, in St. Luke's, Sonthport. At the opening service on Wednesday even ing 105 women were present, and 10 men. At the 1215 "Instruction " on Thursday 50 women attended, and only one man. In the afternoon at 3 p.m. 116 women were present) and only 7 men. Evidently " Father Black's " style of preaching is distatef ul to the masonline portion of the Ohnroh people of Sonthport. In; his opening address "Father Blaok" said ihat " so far as sermonB went, he thought the people were preaohed to a great deal too much." To this we reply that all depends nponwhoisthepreaoher, and what hepreaches. If he be a faithful Minister and preaoheB the pnre Gospel we do not believe tbat he will aver preaoh too mnoh. Bnt, if on the other hand, he happens to be one of the Oowley Fathers, or Friars, we qnite agree with Mr. Blaok. Anyhow, what tbat gentleman said only illnBtrateB the attitude of Bitnalists towards preaohing. As old Latimer said, wherever — as at St. Lnke's, Sonthport — is it "np with candles," it is enre to be also "down with the Gospel." Protestant Alliance.— The local B. 0. prieBt has been preaohing at Bisoa, Monmouthshire, a series of sermons on the salient points of the Soman Oatholio Greed. He challenged any Protestant to deny his statements. At the request of the Protestant Alliance the Bev. A. Soger proceeded from Cardiff to Bisca at short notice to reply to the prieBt. The following report of Mr. Soger's lecture is taken from the Neioport Argus:— " In the Publio Hall, Bisca, on Tuesday, a large and appreciative audience gathered to hear a lecture by the Bev. Alexander Boger, of Emmanuel Church, Putney, on ' Bomanism.' The chair was occupied by the Bev. Charles Holman. The lecturer said it was not against men or against Boman Catholics, bnt sgainBt a huge system which dragged humanity down to the position from which they were delivered by the Beformation that he was about to speak. After briefly noticing the creed of Bomanism and their attitude in relation to the circulation of the Bible, he spoke on the celibaoy of the priesthood, and the seven sacraments, and thejconfessional. The Inquisi tion, he said, still existed, and the Boman Catholic Church wanted to be the dominant Church. In conclusion, he urged them to be true to their faith, whioh had cost them so much blood, and brought so much freedom, at the cost of such m6n as Bidley and Latimer, whose light he trnsted would never be put ont— (applause). The Bev. H. J enkins moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr. Thomas Harris. The lecturer, in reply, regretted that the representatives of the Boman Church did not defend it, and, after a question had been disposed of, be moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, and the meeting terminated with the singing of the Doxology." Decay.— The Boman Catholio " Bishop of Clifton," in a Lenten address, deplores the \- deoadence of "primitive fervour" amongst hiB co-religionists. Ho compares the Pastoral Letters issued in early timeB with snoh as the Bomish prelates now put forth, and deplores the jfaot that the modern Children of the Church require an ever- inoreasing number of relaxations — or " dispensations " — in order to their at all observing "the penitential season." Here are his words, as reported in the Weelsly Register :— " These Dispensations are continu ally increasing, and yet even those who take advantage of all of them, often find it actually impossible to keep this mitigated Lenten fast." Nor do the lamentations of j the Bomish Bishop apply to the laity of his Ohuroh only. Even the monks and nuns are charged with an indisposition to conform to the once rigid rules of the Lenten fast 1 " It is found," he adds, "that members of religious communities, who are moBt fervent and anxious to observe to the full the discipline of the Church, find themselves obliged to accept dispensations." The oanBe of this, he suggests, is the alarm suoh persons feel at " the least sign of physical exhaustion ; " or, perohance, "their medical advisers have exaggerated the possible detriment to health." Perhaps so. _ Romlsll kidnapping— One writes the English Churchman that in your iBBue of Feb. 281 read with painful interest the oase of the little girl Nolan. A very similar case came under my own notice some years since, only that my little friend was the child of respectable and well-to-do parents. The father was a Bomanist, the mother a Protestant. The latter when dying gave the child into the oare of its grandmother, a highly respeotable English Protestant, and no happier or better loved and cared for child of her class breathed, when I first knew her. She was decoyed away by her father's sister, who sent her into a small huckster's shop to ask for a loaf of bread. The shop-woman, as arranged, seized the child, took a conveyance close by, and appeared at the police-court with her as witness that she had begged food from her, and the upshot was that poor little Mary at the age of six was incarcerated in an "industrial school," i.e., a large nunnery, where 800 other poor little wretcheB, nearly all the children of mixed marriages, were her companions for npwards of Bevea years, when by great exertions and an appeal to the Government, the whereabouts of the child having been discovered, she was released, with marks of ill- treatment upon her, which Bhe will carry to her grave, I have it on undoubted authority tbat scores of children have been committed on the same huckster's evidence. Leaning on Ills Staff.— There is no difficulty in Hebrews xi. 21 to those who have been in Eastern lands? Manners and customs do not change there. Jacob was a dweller in tents. The bed he used would have been either a stout, quilted, cotton-stuffed thin inattreEB spread on the floor, or else a mere light framework of wood on four very low legB, and with tape, or string, plaited across it. Such bedsteads are the only oneB in ubb throughout Oriential lands. Our bed. steads are unknown, except, perhapB, within the last twenty-five years in modernized houses in the East. When Jacob sat np on suoh a bed ss described, be would naturally adopt the position which and hundreds of men have seen |in India. He would lean on the top of his staff to support himself, in order to pray or speak. To suppose that the text implies worshipping his staff is due to very excusable ignorance, but still ignoranoe, of the East and its ways. The bed on whioh the palsied man (Luke vi.) was let down through the roof was merely a thin pallet or, at most, the light, taped, frame work one. Who supposes it to have been an iron bedstead with full fittings ? How oonld the man have taken it up, and walked away with it ? 