iS^HE BAR PARLOR. p&!££e jMjr hasten full of atnjoB pb^e,' j observed Jim tbe Lv^iey refl^otively, ' nnd only last week A remarked tbat Wraffge bad Ji£r)j)\\)eBie3 wd' Were going to have ,twp more rnont.hs ^f ^t, nhoyre Jhe SV ^?ggc is any w/'A ; - - * V . ' ',' He didn't propb^hot W^atber at tbe Exhibition,'1 eud tbe Son day Mm, '^|t-8 h^d it all. right not long sincp. *Tbore wrb the fat man th^t rans Ah» wine bars, and the other one who in in the Terrier dog business, they both have been going it lempiiB with the gals. I oon't know what to make pf it. The pluee is not getting too respectable a name.' * ' Ybu infiy say so,' responded the Government House Mnu, ' and I sighed when I saw what was going ou at the, bread and butter bell, I can tell yon. I'm sure things were no -better than they ehou.ld bev The folks all got up aloft to look down on the fun that was going on in the triangle outside, until old Ju, Ju stopped them/' - ' A: fellow feeling! suppose,' said the Bottle-bolder, ' but it's about time he., gave over. Speaking of the outside Bpaces, that dazzle man got lifted last Monday. He charges threepence for the swing, .but a percon who took an ordinary ticket wonld have to pay another bob becausetho fireworks man was there, and threepence more to get on the dazzle.' ' Shove the wisdom of purchas ing at the right place,' said tbe Insignificant Man, 'bat speaking of the gals I saw a married woman from St. Marys last week who lost her husband.' ' Poor thing,' ejaculated the sub-editor feelingly, ' I wish my old woman would loose me.' ' Very likely ; bnt another married moman found him and balanoed things a bit. I think the law ought to allow every man to hare two wives. They'd let him alone whilst they were busy with each other, and he'd have peace.' ' We didn't give the firemen a show at all during the lute weather and they were looking out for it too, ' remarked the publisher, ' but we went very near it last Saturday evening. I was in a pub where there was a big crowd all singing and talking and so on, when all at once we heard ehrieke above. ' ' Songs above, you mean ' in terrupted the Sunday Man. ' No, nor hymns either, I wasn't referring to angels and harps and your soit, the one that wae shrieking was very much of this earth. Well when we got np stairs there she was standing without any thing ? ' ' You didn't look surely ? ' asked the Insignificant Man. ' Not me. I shut my eyes, but I wos told so by a sailor who assisted. The dressing table drapery had caught flee. ' ''Nearly a«aso that Isnppose p ' A case ? Yes it was a case. A packing case covered over with muslin and stuff. It was draped more than the angel was anyhow. Her clothes couldn't catch very well. ' ' Speaking of drapery said the Worm. I went into the art gallery and saw those two pictures of Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton draped in black. They were dead then and tbe Muckery gave off some of its real old stuff on tbe subject ' it is with regret, ot.'s ,' you know. I suppose they thought that Bheet would bo read with f.we and bated breath throughout the world. If two governors died there would be a squash and no mistake. ' 'Bat they took the crape off though.' ' Yes, when be got alive again. Bnt ho didn't pet alive a bit soon enough, only just in time. Tbe Noosejroped in some stuff too with a black edge. Must bave caused a deal of brain racking tbat pro duction. Ah, it is wonderful where they get such brains from. It cannot be of this earth. ' ' I suppose when Hamilton does kick tbe bucket in reality we will have More Anon ' said the Bottle holder. ' Speaking of stifE'uns,' 6aid the gloomy man, ' I know of a case where a man was dead by act of parliament and couldn't liven up again cither. It was over some property, and lie bad been gone Ettme yeUT/is. Wlibn he c'amfe mi be found bis wife had sworn he was dead, and collared the iot, Besides she was going to get married ar/ftiri.' ''He stopped all that, I suppose, pretty quiokP' said the athletic man. ' Not a bit of it. She stuck to her colors and up and swore he was an impostor, and tbe oonrt told him that unless be could prove that he was tbe very same William she married long ago, he wouldn't have the ghost of a chance. Well, »H the witnesses were dead, and he couldn't. He begged her, as a last favor, to give him an -'in themo riam ' notice, and he would flit. But it was very bandy. He couldn't incur any liability, or get fined, or anything.' '' How was tbat ? ' ' Well, if people choose to trust a dead man I don't see how they are going to recover, and I never heard of a bobby running in a corpse for getting drunk.' ' SpeakiDg of getting lop- heavr,' said the police court reporter, ' I was up at a pub the other evening and saw some nice goings-on. It used to be a pood bouse one time, too, but the present Johnnie takes too much of his own physic. Well, he woke up one night and finds the missus gone. So, after sleeping and waking for about two hours, and finding she didn't come back, he gets up softly and goes downstair*. There was a light in the kitchen, and he saw ? Well, perhaps, I'd better not tell what he saw.' ' Ob, let us know what he saw,' we asked. 'Well, he saw the wife of his bosom seated on a strange sailor man's knee, consuming the grog of the bar. The table had sapper all over it, and there was another sailor bloke with the housemaid on his knee, soaking also.' ' Didn't he biff them all ?' asked the athletic man. 'Ho was knocked a bit stiff at first, bat concluded to take it cooUy until he hears the wife of his bosom say tbat it don't matter about the brandy because they could fill the bottle up with water, and Her old man wonld nerer know the differ ence. It was too much. So he broke up the party then and sent those two females to bed again. The house is in the market now.' ' And this house will be in the market soon if you keep up this much longer,' said the landlord, who came in just then, and, acting upon the hint, we left. 