¿y NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT .. SEABROOK. of a a- (FROLIC A CORRESPONDENT.) Seabrook in the name given to a newly laid out townsite twenty miles from Beverley, on the Great Southern Railway, near what has hitherto been known as the Brookton Riding. The surviving relatives, and the numerous friends of the late John Seabrook, of Brookton, will rejoice that his honoured name will now find permanent re- card amongst the names of towns in the colony and in the neighbourhood where he spent so many years in quiet, unostentatious pioneer work. The new Anglican Church will be built on a grant of land kindly given by the Government, and is in a good position, although it is a matter of general regret that a corner, grant was not given. The rector of the parish of Beverley Canon Groser and his zealous lay reader, Mr. A. E. Woodruff, have kept up a series of services in this part of the parish for years, and the oft-expressed wish of the residents for a church in some central position to meet the wants of the many families residing within a radius of ten miles, is now about to be realised. Seabrook was in fete on St. Valentine's Day, and round the foundations of the church there were over 100 visitors and residents assembled to take partinaatauelayingOAromony,aeight no doubt new to many of them. The Hector, Canon Groser, had charge of the ceremony, which was carried out most successfully. He was assisted by Mr. A. E. Woodruff, lay reader, and choristers Mr. Howard Evans acting as precentor, and Miss Agnes Croser as Organist. Suitable pray erB, psalms, and hymns were followed by the Canon reading the document, which was afterwards placed by Mrs. Grocer in the cavity under the stone. The following is a copy of the document, which was accompanied by an account' from the WESTERN MAIL of the enthronement of Bishop Riley: "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " St. Mark's Church, Seabrook, Beverley. " The foundation stone was laid by Phoebe Groser, wife of Canon Groser, rector of the parish of Beverley, on St. Valentine's Day, February 14, 1895. The occasion is very happily connected with the first days of the episcopate of the Right-Ra v. C. O. L. Riley, DD., who was enthroned Bishop of Perth February 5th, 1895, this being the first-born- dation stone laid since that event. The residents in to a part of the parish are to asks me to Almighty God that this Lug cherished desire of theirs is about to be fulfilled, and the privilege of having in their midst a house of prayer for f'O worship of God accomplished. Charles Eaton Croser, B D., Rector of Beverley and Canon of Perth ; A. E Woodruff, lay-reader ; Hobart L. S. Crawford, treasurer and secretary ; Albert W. Robinson. Samuel Wil ians, John McGrath, William White, committee; Howard Evans, hon. architect; Thcs. Davy, contractor." the ceremony of laying the foundation stone was then gracefully i performed by Mrs. Groser in the name of the Holy Trinity, and on the Canon's invitation free will offerings were laid on the stone, whilst addresses were delivered by the Canon, Dr. Davies, Mr. Woodruff, and the architect, The sum of 418 5s. 6d. was thus collected and the cere- ment ended with a hymn and the blessing. The day was overcast and rain threatened, but nonS>fell/ and the weather was most pleasant one. The refreshment department was arranged in a large shearing shed amount to Mr. Crawford, which had been beautifully decorated for the occasion. The tables were loaded with provisions substantial and otherwise, and everything which could add to the comfort of the many gur ita and visitors was most thoughtfully provided. The whole was a free will off firing on the part of the residents and friends, and the total proceeds of the day's catering a mounted to over £12, thus making the total receipts for the day over 622\. After dinner several loyal toasts were indulged in in Jiquera which cheered without inebriating,- and short speeches were given by the Rector, Mr. Crawford, Mr. S. Williams, and others. Where all concerned assisted so heartily it might seem invidious to name any, but all agreed that the exceedingly great exertions of Mr. and Mrs. Crawford and Miss Seabrook of Brookton, deserved special recognition. The absence of Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, o' Sant-ing Hill, through severe dome tin section, was the six ject of universal regrets they have taken a prominent part in the movement for the erection of the church. The other members of the committee have also persevered through many difficulties and all rejoiced now in the early prospect of seeing a church in their midst. Those efforts have been most assiduously seconded by the Rev Canon Groser. This will form the sixth church now in the Parish of Beverley-three of which have been built and one added to the parish since the Canon became Rector of Beverley. ' Cricket and lawn tennis were indulged in during the afternoon and the honours of the cricket fell to the Pingelly team. They had come a long way and no one grudged them their victory. 