POINTED PARS. Sydney has a political and criminal court.-" Paul Pry." The Dean agony is revived m aU its virulence. . ] Bank managers arc acquiring the sui cide mania. A reconstruction of the Ministry is ex pected during the recess. Premier Reid will land his income al right from the new taxes. It is now known as the Reid assess ment Bill. So it seems that the duel between Norton and Crick is not yet ended. There will be a want in Japan shortly and our Attorney-General will fill The Councillors have gained no friends by compromising with Reid. Unemployed, driven to desperation, are seeking gaol sooner than starve in the streets. The aboriginal Bogan is likely to turn out a second edition of the Dora Dora blacks. Meagher is alleged by Norton to haye made yet another confession. That list of magistrates is still hung up in Chief Secretary Brunker's office. Wars already begun. Spain is fighting with its Cuban rebels. Ashantee and England. Troops on the way to the front. Wars on the verge. Turkey against England and the United Powers, Venez uela and England. The Prince of Wales now wears silk waistcoats, and so of course do the John nies of Sydney. ^ Mr. Lyne is dissatisfied with the result | of that Conference. But any # other de cision would have placed him in a more j awkward position. H.M.S. Dryad has taken a trip through the Dardanelles and returned. The Sultan will find that he Las two very hard nuts to crack in Lord Salisbury ana Sir Phillip Currie, the British Am bassador. Evidently the Daily Telegraph leader writer has Land Tax on the brain. In every issue he wails over the question. R. E. O'Connor is making a brilliant deffnce of Crick. He evidently means to make a criminal law reputation with this case. Tabez Balfoilr is being tried for evading his creditors. A few thousands in N.S.W. are not innocent of this offence. The Government are certain to alienate the support of some disappointed memb ers, who did not get on the public works committee. Private members have 23 Bills before the'Assembly in the second reading stage. The . majority are likely to be dropped there. The Major-General has given Shipway ex-M.P. the cut direct. He will not re main in the same room_ as the politican who wounded his sensitive feelings. ? Working a willing horse to death. The Governor lias promised to attend so many functions that fears are entertained. The Government should really allow him tne services of a deputy. . Barrister Blake of Canada may lead the Irish party in the House of Commons. Mr. Blake is conducting a big railway ar bitration in New Zealand. Monopolies in Sydney. Cabinet mak ing by Chinamen. Vegetable growing by Chinamen. Fruit retailing by Italians. Fish and oysters by Italians. _ And lolly shops are in a fair way to be in the same catalogue by Italians. Good old Free trade. The wave of confession continues. Illegal operator Freeman while in Bris bane gaol confessed his wicked practises and how he performed them, to a fellow prisoner. Silence is now more olden than golden. It is such a long time since anyone who had reason to be silent remained so. The metropolitan municipal elections inaugurated no change in the personnel of the council. The retiring members were either elected or returned. unop-. posed. Norton asserts on oath that ^Meagher told him that Crick was so worried oyer the Dean case that he was nearly blowing his brains out. If he had, the curse of Dean would have proved more active than ever, John McElhone has lost none of his Parliamentary aggressiveness. He is as I critical as ever, but the press fortunately I takes no notice of eccentricities. gjj- Henry Parkes is said to be enjoying I magnificent health at the present time. The veteran's appetite is wonderful, and as he partakes of the best of food he en joys life in the true sense of the word. Owing to the sensitive state of the pro duce markets at the present time, squat ters and farmers of N.S.W. are anxious to know the state of the markets in the other colonies. Our daily papers are very lax with this information, especially with respect to Queensland. | There was a decrease of ^31 >57"^ the railway receipts for November as com'_ pared with Nov. '94. The ratification 'ot I a renewal of office to Mr. Eddy does not 1 seem to have begun well. The Governor's private 'opinion is that the « military" of N.S.W. requires imme diate attention. He regrets to hear Major-General Hutton is leaving, as he says it will be a long time before he will be equalled, if ever. E, M. Mathesoti, once member for Glen Innes, has died at Coolgardie from . the effects of a fall from a balcony. At the same time he was chairman of he ! local Stock Exchange. His memorable fight with John McElhone within the precincts of the Assembly will never be forgotten. ' Mr. Matheson was a clever financier and a smart man in mining circles. He made £50,000 out of Broken Hill. He was an Australian ot line physique and personal appearance. His Assembly colleague Ferguson is in Lon don but never heard of. The Last of the Tumpik^.- Of all the turnpike trusts with which England abounded in the last generation, tlvsre only remains one in existence. The Shewsbury and Holyhead turnpike has for the most part been already thrown open, but the portion of the road which traverses the island of Anglesey was con tinued in existence by a special Act of 1890 until the 1st November, 1894.. Thirty years ago there were no fewer, than 1047 turnpike trusts in England and Wales, with 20,189 miles supported by; tolls. Two thousand women have paraded the' the streets of Vienna, threatening and in-. suiting the Jewish residents. A General Reason.-The other day a young man gave a reason for not dancing, the spirit of which might be made to ap ply to a great many failures in life. " I should like to dance/' he said, "and I should dance, only the music puts me out, and the girl gets in my way."-Tit-Bits. She was a spinster from > the country, come to town to see the sights, and as she watched the hundreds of the opposite sex hurrying along the streets, she stood ' lost in wonderment. " Well, well," she , said at last, drawing a deep breath, and, - gazing wistfully around, 11 to think that there should be all these men in the world and yet 1 can't get one of ..them for a husband." Shott v. Nott.-A duel was fought in Texas by Alexander Shott and John S. Knott. In this case it is better to be Shott than Nott. There was a rumor that Nott was not shot, and Shott avows that he shot Nott, which proves either that the shot Shott shot at Nott was not shot or that Nott was shot. It may be made to appear on trial that the shot Shot shot shot Nott, or, as accidents with firearms are frequent, it may be possible that the shot Shott shot shot .himself, when the whole affair would resolve itself into its original elements, and Shott would be shot, and Nott would be not. We think, however, that the shot Shott ..shot shot, not Shott but Nott.. Anyway it . is hard to tell who was shot.-Exchange. Dixon's oM Conqueror holds its own against nil Tobaccos.-ai. The.R. R. Times says A ratepayer's' petition was presented to the Balina. Council last meeting night; drawing atten tion to a bad smell. He said it was un questionably strong, and gave it as his opinion that "a dead cat must have, crawled up the street drain and rotceci there." Just then it dawned upon the Al derman that a_real live bull had' crawled, into the council. The Pope, says a London correspond dent, will shortly be the possessor of prob ably the most, valuable, chair "on earth." It is constructed of solid silver . and is of the value of. ,£8000. It is the, gift"of Mr. Troop, a wealthy American banker, who' has arranged that it shall arrive in Rome eimultaneov.sly wi h the: celebrations in connection with the anui versary of the establishment of the- civil power, against which he intends his gift to be a protest. Queen Victoria's coronation crown, first worn fifty-eight years ago, is valued at over ^"250,000, weighs 2lbs, and is al most covered with 3000 precious stones. It is stated that a million safety bicy cles are manufactured 'annually, the money spent over them being'over ten millions Mr. Edison's front gate swings open, at the approach of a visitor, and closes automatically. A step in the porch rings a servant's bell, and also a bell the master's study. An electrical musical box plays during dinner. In the bedroom the folding beds unfold by electricity, and sometimes, when Mr. Edison is in a mood for practical jokes, his guests are scared by the presence of ghost's. Paupers in Holland who are too lazy to work, are effectively cured by an ingen ious scheme. Each mau is put singly into a cistern, and a flow of water, is' turned on. By brisk exertion the lazy man is able to pump ont the water as fast as it runs in, and so save himself from . drowning. . In Corea the priviledge is accorded to women to walk about the streets at night after dark, while the men tre confined to the house from about an hour after sunset, and, until lately, were # severely punished with flogging and imprisonment if. found walking about the streets during " women's hours." Watts-Tebson must be awfully afraid of his wife. He is always telling us how she will give him fits if he don't hurry home. Potts-That's the best sign in the world that he is not afraid of her at all. The man who is bossed by his wife never says a,word about:, it. , .j-.ru i; sc* The headdresses of the reign of- Louis XIV. were wonderfully made. They were frameworks of wire, from two to four feet high, divided into tiers, and covered with bands of muslin, ribbons, chenille, pearls, flowers, and aigrettes. The lowest tier was called the solitary one, the next the duke, then came the duchess, the capuchin, the cabbage, the asparagus, the cat, the organ pipe, the first sky, the sec ond sky, and the mouse, the last being a little bow of ribbon at the peak of the re markable structure. The first act of Lady Hampden was to reducc the wages sheet of the domestics of her establishment. Two shillings a week was docked off the wages of the servant girls. Under Sir Fredk. Darley's interregnum they were receiving 14/ a week. Now they only receive 12/. . Cortainly viie best inedioice known is .^anmsb and SON'S Eocalvpti= Exttact. Test its eminent' power ful effects in eor.-jlis, colds, influenza'; the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be Ihey wounds, bums, scalding, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling- do in flammation. Like KUi'iivisin-j effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, s\7e'lin;jqi ; diavvhtea, (\y son try, diseases of the kidneys, urinary oryanH. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the Globe ; patronised by His Majesty tlis Kin ; or Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and leject all others. 