Sermon for Sunday. The Broken. Net. By Rev. Db. Tsxmaoe. .Thoy Inoloaod a great multitude of fishes, and their net brako.— Luko vl. «. I believe in revivals. The great work of saying mon began with three thousand peoplo joining the ohuroh in one day, and it Will olose with forty or a hundred million people saved in twonty-four hours, ' when " a nation shall be horn in a day." But thoro arc objections to revivals. People are opposed to tlioni beeauBO the net might got brokon ; and if by tho pres sure of soulu it does not get broken, thoy take penknives, and slit the not. . " They inclosed a grent multitude of fishes, and tho net brake." 1\. Somo peoplo mako an objection to re vivals of religion, that thoso who como into tho ohuroh at such., times do riot hold out; ns long as there is a galo of blessing, thoy havo thoir . suits up ; hut as Soon as strong winds stop blowing, then thoy drop into a dead calm. But what are tho faots iu tho enso? In all our ohurohos tho vast riiajority of the useful people are thoso who uro brought in Under groat awakenings, and they hold out. I havo noticed that thoso who are brought into tho kingdom of God through revivals, huvo moro persistence nnd more determination in tho Christian lifo than thoso who oomo in undor a low stato of religion. Pooplo born in au ico- houso may live, hut thoy will never get over tho oold thoy caught in tho ioe-housa. A can. non hall depends upon the impulse with wliioh it starts, for how far it shall go, and how swiftly ; and tho greater the revival forco with whioh a soul is started, tlio moro far-reaching and far- resounding will ho tho execution. 2\. But it is Homotimos ohjeotod to revivals that there is so muoh oxoitement thrit pooplo mistako hysteria for religion. We must admit that in orory revival of religion thoro is either a suppressed or a demonstrated oxoitement. Indeed, if a man oau go oirt of a stato of con demnation into a stato of auooptanco with God, or seo others go, without nny agitation of soul, ho is in an unhealthy, morbid State, and is ns ropulsivo and absurd ns a man who should boast ho saw a child snatchod out from undor a horse's liaofs, and felt no agitation, or saw it man rescued from tho fourth story of a house on fire, and folt no acoolorution of tho pulsas. Salvation from sin und death mid boll into life und pcaco and hoavon forovor, is such a tremendous thing, that if a man tolls ino ho oan look on it without any ngitution, I doubt his Christianity. Tlio faot is, that Homotimes exoitemont is tlio most important possible thing. In enso of rcsusoitatioir from drowning or freezing, tlio ono idea iu to oxeito animation. Before conversion wo uro dead. It is tho busi ness of tho ohuroh to revivo, arouse, awaken, resusoitatc, stnrtlo into lifo. Exoitement is bad or good according to what it nutkes us do. If it muka us do that wliioh is bud, it is bud oxoitement ; but if it make us agitated about our oternal wolfare, if it mnko us pray, if it mako us attend upon Christian scrvioo, if it make us ory unto Gad for moroy, thou it is u good exoitement. It is sometimes snid that during revivals of re ligion, great multitudes of. children and young people are brought into the church, nnd thoy du not Know what tlioy uro about. It has been my observation that tho earlier peoplo eoino into tho kingdom of God tho more useful thoy are. Robert Hull, tho prineo of Baptist proaohors, was convortcd nt 12 years of ugo. It is supposed lio know what he wus about. Matthew Henry, tho commentator, who did moro than uny man of his oentury for increas ing tlio interest m the study of tho Scriptures, was converted at 11 years of age; Isabella Graham, immortal in the Christum Church, was converted at 10 yours of ago ; Dr. Watts, whoso hymns will bo sung all down tlio ages, was converted at 9 years of ago ; Jonathan Edwards, perhaps tho mightiest intclleot that tho Amorican pulpit over pro- dttccd, wus convortcd nt 7 years of ago. After that futher and mother take an awful responsibility whon thoy toll tlioir ohild ut 7 years of age, "You nro too young to ho a Christian," or, "You are too young to con nect yourself with tho oliuroh." If during a revival two persons present thomselvcs us candidates for tho church, and tho one is 10 years of ago and tho other iB -10 yearn of ago, I will liavo moro confidenco in tho profession of religion of tho ono 10 years of age than tlio ono 40 years of age. Why? Tho ono who professes at forty years of ago bus forty years of impulse in tho wrong direotion to correot ; tho ohild lias only ton years in tlio wrong direotion to correct. Pour times ton aro forty. Pour times tho religioua prospect for tho lad that comes into tho kingdom of God and into the church at ten years of ago, tiian tho man at forty. I am vory apt to look upon revivals as con nected with certain men who fostered thom. Pooplo who in this day do not liko revivals, nevertheless hnvo not words to express their admiration for tho revivalists of tho pnst — for thoy woro revivalists— Jonathan Edwards, John Wesley, Gcorgo Whitefiold, Fletoher, Griffin, DBVios, OBborne, Knupp, Nottloton, and many others wlioso names camo to my mind. The strength of thoir intclloots and tho holiness of their lives make me think thoy would not have anything to do with thnt whioh wan ephemeral. Oil I it ib easy to talk against revivals! Oh ! I urn afraid to say anything against revivals of religion, or against anything that looks like them, bccnuso I think it may be a sin against tho Holy GliOBt ; and you know tho Bible says tbnt a sin against tho Holy Ghost slinll novor he forgiven, neither in thin world nor the world to oomo. When I am speaking of excitement in ro- vivals, of courso 1 do not moan temporary derangement of tlio nerves — I do not mean tho absurd things of whioh wo hnvo read ns trans piring sometimes in the Oliuroh of Christ ; but I mean nn intelligent, intonso, all- nbsorb- ing agitation of body, mind, und soul iu the work of spiritual escape and spiritnnl rosouo. 3\. Now I como to tho real, genuine ennse of objection to revivals. That is, the spiritual coldness of tho objector. It is tlio seorot und hidden, but unmistakable, cause in every case —a low stato of religion in tlio lioart. Wido- awuke, conscuratuii, useful Christians nro never afraid of revivals. It is tlio spiritually dead who aro afraid of having their sopulohro molested. Tho ahief agents of tho devil, during a great awakoning, are always unconverted professors of rolnrion. As soon as Christ's work boginB, thoy begin to gossip against it, and take a pail of wator, und try to put out thiB Bpurk of religious influoiico, und tnoy try to put out another spark. Do they succeed ? As well, whon Chicago was on fire, might aomoono have gone out with a garden watorpot trying to oxtinguish it. Tho difUoulty is, that when a revival bogins in a oliuroh, it bogins ut so many points, that whilo you liavo doused ono anxious soul, with u pail of cold water, tlioro aro 500 othor anxious souls on fire. Oil 1 how muoh hotter it would ho to lay hold of tho chariot of Christ's Gospel, and help pull it on, rather than to fling our- solves in front of tho wheels, trying to hlook thoir progress. 4\. But I think, after all, tho greatest obstacle to revivals throughout Christendom to-dny. is au uncon vortod ministry;. Wo must bolievo that tho vust majority of those who otfioiuto us ministers are rogonorated ; hut I supposo there inay float Into tlio ministry Af all tho denomi nations of Christendom, somo men whoso hearts havo hover boon changed by tho graoo of God. Of oourso thoy aro ull antagonistic to revivals. How did thoy got into Jho ministry ? Perhaps somo of thom choso it as a re spectable profession. Perhaps somo ohosa it us a means of livelihood. Perhaps somo of thoin wore sinoore, hilt woro inistalton. As Thoirias ' Chalmers raid he hud beon many yonrs pronohing tho Gospel beforo liis heart had beon changed, and ns many ministers of tho Gospol dcoluro thoy wore preuchinguud had beon ordained to snored orders years and years boforo their hearts had "boon regenerated. . Gracious God, what a aolomti thought for thoso of ns who minister to tho pooplo ! With ,tho present ministry in tho present temperature of piety tho world will novor bo enveloped with revivals. .'While tho pews on ono siao ory for moroy, tho pulpits on tuo othor sido must "oly for moroy. Ministers quarrelling. Ministers trying to - pull each other -down.- Ministers struggling for ccolosiasticql place. Ministers lothargio, with wholo congregations dying on their hands. What a speotnolo j Aroused pulpits will nmko nrousod piws. .Pulpits nfiume will mako pows nflnmo. Every body believes in a rovivul of trade, every body likos .a revival .in literature, everybody likes u revival iu art nud yet a groat multitude can not understand u revival in matters of religion. Dopcnd upon it, where yon', find- a miiu antagonistic, to revivals, whethor ho bo in -pulpit or pow, ho noods to be togoncrnted'by the graoo of God. I cofild prove to a .. demonstration thai without ', revivals this world will never ,bi converted; nnd that in a' hundred -or two hundred (years without revivals, Christianity Will bo practically o'xtinot; It is a matter of astounding anthmetlo. . In eaoh of our ; modern generations thoro uro ntlOust 32, 000,000 ' ohildron. low add 32,000,009 to the w'o'rld'a population, jond then have only 100,000 or - 200,000 converted ovory year, and how long . before the vRorld will be saved P NeVer- ubsolutoly nevrt ! Wo talk a g«od deal about tho good times that ure comingt and about the world's redemp tion. How lonjt boforo they wlll como t There 1b a man who ssro.600 .years. Hero is a riniu who says 200 ycare. . Horo issoincono more Confident, who says VP 50.years, What; 6b years? Do you propose to lot two generations pass off tho stago boforo tho orid is converted » Supposo by- some\ oxtea prolongation of human lifo, ut tlio uoxtt fifty years you should walk around tho world; you would not in rill that walk find ono pew?n that you recognise. Why? All 'dead, or i!£ changed "that you would not know them.. Sri other words, if yiSU postpone the redemption of this world for fifty years, you admit tliat tho tfoajorlty of, the two wliolo generations shall ga off tho stago un blessed and unsaved. I tollVou tho ahOrch of Jesus Christ oaunot conBOnt t _it. Wo must pray nnd toil and liavo the revival spirit, und we must struggle to havo the whole world saved before tho mon and womori >">W in middle lifo puss off._ 