Shrouded in Mystery OR, Wiich Girl DM He Marty ? By SUf pp Borlase, OT'Itor of 'Fob Tbcb Love's 6AKt ?1'Hr.UJi Lovklt Won. n,' ' Dabkep Than Death,' ' An Ocean Secbet.' ' Recalled to Lifk,' ' Riches to Uuin,' 'Who Killed Joun Oa&iehon; J' 'let Police Mjwpteb ' Kto. CHAPTER XL VI 'YON* AHE TUK \VALKB»8 QOINQ THEIR STOUNDS.1' — GRKKNVOOD'S KMV UK60LVE. It wat» vi-Tt k-vl'1- s.t ibat, n crowd of men were coming it|. Uh. sl Lanu from ihu dirru- ' tion of Castli-toa Iiall, and that a gnat many of tho:n wore very ttetty, if i.ot aUolutrlj drunk. So, waoiknng wtjat U eould mtsin, Hal camuii concealed Miurolf in the W.v\ Ihlck.iet part of the he-tgo, -an. I ?«y close, Vaicbittg the ns yet aim ^?j.i ^rdlstinct forms, bui IUU)S oviviuu oy tut Iigu^oi several nojok.v boru lanterns as well as b-- U-e mooDight Ibat by this time shone very clearly upon that side of the old hou?e which faced tbo lane, though it hfi that narrow thoroughfare texcept where a gaie or a^tile itarle l its hig^ hawthorn and biftel hedges) involved in a coDBlic+M^ degree of gleooo. NctrcTllv.iufr, oi the proc.BBio,, drew nearer, iln^amus Gaenwood could make out the tlaw of individuals wbo composed it, namely, churchwardens io long black gowns and square caps, carrying long white staves iu their bauds ; watchmen iu cooked hats aud gold-braided cloake with lantern ia one, groat rattles hanging doivn iri frthtorthem ; orer6.'erp, constables, find a dozen or so of grammar schotrfL u in knee breecbcs, green jacket*, yehow waisteoatB, and in u lb a caps, while a small sprinkling of tag rag Jtnd bobtail brought up the rear; he who healed the proce^bioti being a portly, jolly looking man, wearing 6'oort5, top boots, and a scarlet buntiog cjat, whose hue was fairly rivalled by that of its wcarer't} ttos.*, and who ostjutativjusly carried in one hand a groat pewler fligun, :in«i in the other a yard Jong Churchwarden pipe. ' Yon'a only tbe walkers tolnft Ihcir rounds, and th,« m*n 1. itij; all he oau t1© throw \:in oat. j beard lie'd made a bet tbat. the chajts woubln't. be able to beat the boundaries of Rochdale and Castle! on whhouta mistake by night, ami 1 suppna* be is putting tho matter to the test, lie Ju s treated them at every alehouse as thoy camf aloi-g to puzzle 'em, that is very plain,' snlil- qoifiid Haicamus Greenwood to fliinbalf a« he lay still hidden. He bad hardly made up bis mind upon this paint, however, wlu-n the heal of the ; procetsiou came to a sudden staudslill, and ! i the leader s'ammered out in a mellow and. vinous voice : ' Shovels to the front ) Here's a land-! maik gone wrong. Hero's a t.oun-'ary stone j uprooted and thereupon four men, 'armed I with tbat useful implement, ard who always forme-.! a portion of the proce^si jn, «.t once pushed its way towards its bead, and set to work ft'i:li a will to rvfis ihe fallen stone. It wns only nt'Ural that- while thev Wire thus engr_wed the hauuted bouse should al-esrb ibe attention of those who bad nothing to do, and Halcamus Greenwood presently heard a voice c-tclairu : 'Ihf-ree one «»f ihe gho»ts now, lookirg OUl Of that window— the. third winHntu | above thu water-bar-. i-«, and ther.-'s anoth.r, fer lean see two now I do veiil.. believe. Yr^— no— 1 aici'i sure, I can only ice oac again.' ' I saw two,' 'And I,'1 came at once I irom otners ot the groun, 'It is an accursed pW». It should be pulled down. U belongs to Mr Tomkins, of Spratb House. As a Christian gentleman he ought to see to it, and not suffer it «o comber the ground any longer,' then said the red -nosed leader, in pooijtou? and dicta torial tone of voice, ' Thai ain't his way, that aio't. He'd fly in the face o' Providence by Belling it, or lettirp it. give b\m but the cbauee. Why, Jun *smtall up at Pinfold yonder has the ke.\ e aud the showing on it. The showing on it— he, be, bt, Lhat's rich, ihatis, for I don't suppose he'd put a foot inside its foar wells if anybody would pay him down bis weight in gold,' observed one of the watchmen. ' It woaid bj a mercy from hesiven if it took firp, like Cb pg Hail, for fire's a great purifier from ghosts, boggarts, and goblins of every kind. But I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll consult Parson BellOB before another hcur bas pa&ced; over my bead about tbe lay ing o£ those ghosts. H- goi the upper hand of the devil in 6. Chad's cbqrclr&rd; tbe other right, and the laving of tho ghosts that, I've no doubt it can be done from a perfectly safe distance, and he's up to a thousand pious fraurs and tricks is Parson Dick, Perhaps he'd advise tbe Town Cross bL-iog planted here, who knows f I'm sure we could eparc It for bo good a pnrposo, for it's mightily in the way where it is. Now tben, on we go again if that Btone'6 secure. The ghosts have given me a cob! sbivir, and I don't want it to turn to a chill,' aud, iu this way corcludine bi6 barancne. thn hnriv lea ler continued his coutse up tbe JaDe, with bis following crowding close upon hiB heels, no man or boy caring to be last as Loug as the haunted hoube was in view. lialcamus Greenwood still crouched within tbe shelter of the htdge, and swayed bv wri different feelings, for he also bad obtained a brief gilmpse of the faces at Lbe window, and tbe female one had given him snch a shock as to cause him almost lo forget that he was not aluae, and to neurly otaw him out of bis hi'.ing-place in tbe bope of obtaining a nearer and clearer view — for it wns Buth'6 face — and be could not ioiarin. bow she could have got to tbat window, except b espcC?al miracle, lock-.-d up aB be bad left ber, only ha^f an hour i,r,.vin..atv I in the subtenani an cbapel of the Templars. But Greenwood was far too sbrewd a fellow to believe in modern miraclcs, or in the supernatural cither, at all events for morethr.na very few minutes, so that by the time tbe boundary walkers were com plete!} Gut of sight Uaicamus bad solved the m;sury in at all eveiits a perfectly satis factory mauner to himself j though it was destined ere long to prtve in any thing but ' a satisfactory manner to other people. Tbe cousequencc of this fa^ci-'d discovery was that he muttered quite gleefully ; 'By George, it is her sisler— :t is Robc Ha:lcliffe, and now I kuow why it was tbat lji.r voice gave me such a s'raucc and otbi r ai«ie of tbe closed door just now. It | was because it was exactly like Ruth's voice, I of course. Now what the deuce can it all I mi an, 1 wonder? lias she never been to | (Scotland after all ? But the bow and tbe wbcrufore mailers not a da£h, for there she at all events is, ana I'm very much mistaken if one of ber companions ieu't that long legped young brewer whj used to be bo sweet on bLr. 1( so, he is uuder the ban of the. Jaw, ami leu io one tu ia Mie, us ;i?i uiuor and alienor titber bef.-re or alter the act, I wonder if 1 could fcrew au artilitiofial huu dred uf pounds nut ol her parentb aud his (I moio) as tbe price of not betraying them to | the antLoriti's, - re I « o so h-iray tb'.m all the tain.' .' I£^ad, 1 must turn the matter over iu my mind. Mtanwhile, the sole objoction io th-.ir being where they are is that, (heir occupancy ot the oi l bouse cuts uic oil from Ruth uutil such time as thev are cleared out of it ; so that it lonks as though 1 most betray tbem to the authori ties lji:fore I can cop Sir Harry's thousand pounds by restoring to him hN wife. Oh, dear uie, I dn hope i hat J sharj'j fail lidtwrtcn twohtools, for there's no knowing how the authorities may act by the house after thej've discover* I such a npnt -if traitors in i'. Tln.ir BupertsiititinB ma; give place to ao ? xploratiun uutnia, and then Ruth may l,c found out without, my aid, iu which else there would be do £1000 coming to me for i nv uuy idiu. i wooacr 11 mere is uuotuer way to ti.e Templars' cbapel, and if 1 could bud it out? There are vague traditions of secret subterram aa communications between the Castle anil the old preceptory, the now vittuuiling tiie garrison when closely l». lea^u Tei b- n foe, and for its - scajie ai the last gf.jp, and it tsuch a passage exists it must be the coutinuation of ihe one which we trod this niRht. Ha, the bole which leads oown just oti the inside of t he obi keep lower to wba«. lolkBcall tbe caatlo dungeon, by which tot oue io a thoueand dares venture down bicauw tbe steps are almost worn away )t and .It Is Relieved that vipers hare their ti'csts there. I'll be bonnd that the entrance tin there, and in the shape of some trap door, bidden perhaps for ages beneath heaps of rubbish, If it be soa to find it should be an easy task, and if found it. would enable mc to obtain Sir Harry Howarth's thousand pounds before I went in for iho otlifiT pickings, I'll try it on. aye by heavens I'll try it on. A spade for the stones and a j-mmy to lift the trap door with, if I dis cover one, are all the Implement® tbat are required* 1. cap tbe Iban ot a jemmy at tho Goat and Boots in Drake-street for a ton'slderation— -aye, for a consideration.' Halcamus Greenwood merely thought tho main portion of the foregoing, but he mut tered tbe concluding words half aloud, and as though the pay ing of the oonBlderation would bo the most unpalatable part ol the entire proceeding. - However, a minute or two more, be seemed to make up hiB mind that it was atall events a necessary one (f-ir a crowbar, the only substitute for a j-immy, though much more easily proenred, would be far too conspicuous and easpicious.lccking an implement to be seen carrying about afcer dark), and so he ttrept out of the hedge aud hurried up the lane, nor paused until he passed the Piofold, aud In a few seconds reached Drake-street, half way down which he turned up a narrow alley tbat preauntly brought him to the door of a disrerutablc-lookiug tavern called the Gs&t; and Boots, which he entered, and im mediately sought out the landlord, with whom he was privately c^OBeted for *ome little lime, and from whom, for the sfore sild consideration and at cost of a pack of lies as well, he obtained what he required. But Hslcauiue might aot have felt so pleased over bis bargaining bad be only krovn that someone elflj who had caught sight of tbe fair face at thu old nunnery window, instead of like the rest accepting It at that of a ghost, bad not only made cock sure tbat it whs Lady Howarth'e, but alBO th&t; he would win the large reward offered for her recovery. [To be Continued Next Satdbday.] 