FICTION. ON FRENCHMAN'S BAY. CHAPTER I. From Maxwell Pollock, Esq., No. — Fifitb avenue, Now York, to Stephen Cranbrooko, Esq., 1 — Club, Now York. " May 90, 180-. " My dear Cranbrooko : "You will wondor why I follow up our conversation of last evening with a letter. Why, instead ol speaking, 1 should write what is left to bo said between us two. But after a sleepless night, of which my little wifo suspects nothiog, I am impelled to con fide in you— my oldest friend, her friend, although you and sho have not yet grown to the comprehension of each other I hoped for when sho married mo three years ago— a secret that has begun to weigh heavy upon my soul. "Idonotnocd to remind you that, slnco our oollcgo days, you have known me subjoct to fits of moodiness and depression upon which you havo often rallied me. Ilow many times you havo said that n fellow to whom Fate has given health, strength, op portunity, and fortune— and recently the treasure of a lovely and loving wifo— has no business to admit tho word ' depression ' into his vocabulary. This is truo. I acknow ledge It as I havo a thousand times before. I am a fool, a coward to shrink from whut in before mo. But I was still more of a fool and a coward whon I married her. For her sake, tho prospect of my death before this summer wanes, impels mo to own to you my certainty that my end is close at hand. " In cvory generation of our family since tho old fellow who camu over from England and founded us on Mnssuohusotts soil, tbo oldest son has boon snatched out of lifo upon tho threshold of his thirtieth year. I carried into college with mo an indcliblo impression of tho sudden and distressing death of my father, at that period of his prosperous career, and of tbo wild cry of iny widowed mother when she olasped mo to her breast, and prayed Heaven might avert tho doom from mo. "Everything that philosophy, solcnco, common souse could bring to the task. of arguing mo out of a belief in tho transmis sion of this sentenco of a higher power to nu> has been tried. I havo studied, travelled. lived, enjoyed mysolf in a rational way, havo loved and won tho ono woman upon earth for me — havo reveled in her wifely tenderness. I havo tried to do my duty as a man and a citizen,— in all other respects I beliovo myself to bo entirely rational, cool-headed, unemo tional,— but I have never been able to down that specter. Ho is present at every feast, and although in perfectly good health, I re solved yostorday to put tho question to a practical test. I called at tho ofilcc of an eminent sncoiallst, whom I had novor met, although doubtless ho knows my name, us I know his. " Joining the throng of waiting folk in Dr. 'a outer ofiloc, I turned over tho leaves of the last number of I'unch, with what grim enjoyment ol its mcuu of jocu larity you may conceive. When my turn came, I asked for a complete physical exami nation. But tho dootor got no farther than my heart before I was oousolous of awaken ing interest on his part. Whon tho whole business was over, ho told mo frankly that in what he was pleased to call a magnificent physique ' thcro was but ono blemish— a spot upon tho ripe sido of a peach ; n ocrtain con dition of the heart that ' might or might not' give serious trouble in the future. " ' Might or might not I ' How I envied tho smooth spoken man of sclcnco his ability to say thoso words so glibly. While I took his medical advice,— that between us was not worth a straw, and ho know it, and I knew it,— I was thinking of Ethel. I saw her fnee whensbo should know tbo worst; and I be- corno, immediately, an abject, cringing, timorous thing, that crept out of tho doctor's office into tho spring sunshino, wondering why the world was all a-cold. Here's whoro the lash bits mo; I should never have mar ried Ethel I should, knowing my doom, have married no one but somo commonplace plati tudinous creature, whom tho fortune I shall leave behind mo would havo consoled. But Eibel ! High- strung, urdent, simplo hearted, worshipping mo far beyond my doscrts! Why did I condemn her, poor girl, to what is eo soon toeomo? "On the fifteenth day of tho coming AuguBt, I shall havo reached thirty years. Before that day, tho blow will fall upon her, ! and it is iny fault. You know, Cranbrooko, ; that 1 do not fear death. What manly soul fears death? It Is only to the very young, or i to tho very weak of spirit, the King appears . in all his terrors. Having expected him so long and no confidently, I hope I may meet hhu with a courageous frout. But Ethel ! .Ethel! "Sho will be quite alouo with mo this summer. Her mother and sisters havo just sailed for the other side, and 1 confess 'I mu t solfish enough to crave her to myself in the last hours. But somo one she must havo to look after her, and whom can 1 trust like 1 you ? I want you to promise to come to us, to spend your August holiday ; to bo there, in act, when—. ' " In tho mcantimo, thcro must bo no sug gestion of what I expect. . Sho. least of all, must not suspect it. I should liko to go nut to the unknown with her light-hearted, girl ish laugh ringing in my cars. " When wo meet, ok usual, you will oblige inc by saying nothing of this letter or Us contents, lly complying with this request, you will ndd one more— a final ono, dear old man — to the long list of kindnensos for which I am your debtor; nnd, beliovo mc, dear Cnmbrooke, " Yours, always faithfully, " Maxwell Pollock." "Good heaven!" exclaimed Stephen Cranbrooko, dropping tho sheet an if it burnt him, nnd sitting upright and nghnst. " So /Am is tho cranny in 1'ollock's brain where I have never before Itccn able to penetrate." Lntor thnl day, Mr. Cranbrooko received another opUtlo, prefaced by tho houso ad- dre»? of tho Maxwell Pollocks. "Dear Mr. Crnnbrookc," this letter' ran. "Max tells mo he Iiuh extended to you an invitation to share utir solitude A deux in your August holiday. I need hardly say that I endorse this heartily;' and I hopo you will not regret to learn that instead of going, as usual, to our great, big, isolated country place in New Hampshire, I have persuaded Max to take a cottngo on the shore of French man's Bay, near Bar Harbor,— but not too near that gay resort,— where he can have his sailboat and canoo, and a steam-launch for mo to get about In. They say the sunsots over tho water there nro ndorablo, and Max has an artist's soul, nB you know, and will delight In tho plcthrcsnc beauty of it all. I want to tell you confidentially, that 1 have fancied a change of air and scone might do him good this year. Ho is certainly not ill ; but is, as certainly, not quito himself: I snpposo you will think I am a little gooso for saying so; but I believe if anything wont wrong with Mnx, I could never stand up against it. And there is no other mun in tho world whom I would ask to help mc to find out what it really is that worries him, — whether ill-fortune, or what,— certainly not ill-health, for ho is a model of splendid vigor, as everybody knows, my beautiful husband 1 " "This Is what she calls pleasant rending for mc," paid plain, square Stephen Cran brooko. with a whimsical twist of his expres sive mouth. "At any rate," ho read, resuming, "you and I will devoto ourselves to making it nico for him up there. No man, however he loves his wife, can afford to do altogether without men's society; nnd It Is so hnrd for mo to net Mux to eo into Dcncrnl company. or to cultivate intimacy with any man but you. There is a bachelor's wing to the cottage we have taken, with a path leading direct to tho wharf where the boats are moored ; nnd this you can occupy by yourself, having breakfast alone, as Mux and I nro crratio in that re spect. Wo shall havo n buck-board for tho ponies, and our saddle-horses, with a horse for you to rido ; and wo shall pledge each other not to accept a slnglo invitation to any body's house unless it pleases us to go there. Not less than a month will we tako from you, and I wish it might bo longer. Perhaps you may liko to know there is no other man Max would nsk, and I should want, to bo 'one of us ' under such circumstances. " Always, cordially yours, "Ethel Pollock." " I asked her for bread, and sho gave mo a stone," ho quoted, with a return of tho whimsical expression. "Well! ncithor he nor she has ever suspected my infatuation. I am glad she wrote as she did, though, for it makes tho watch I menn to 6et over Max easier. After looking nt bis caso in ovcry aspect. I nm convinced there is a remedy, if I can only And it." A knock, just thon, at tho door of Mr. Crnnbrooke's comfortable bachelor sitting- room, was followed by tho nppcaranco inside of a man, at sight of whom Crnnbrooke's careworn and puzzled countenance brightened perceptibly. 'na! Shcpnrd!" he said, rising to be stow on the newcomer a hearty grip of tho hand. " Did you divine how much I wanted to talk to a fellow who has pursued exactly your line of study, and one, too, who, more than any other, I happen to bo acquainted with, knows just how far mind may bo made to influence matter in preventing catasthrophe, when,— but, there, whut am I to do? It's another' man'b affair, a con fidence that must bo hold inviolable)" " Give me the caso hypothctically," said Shcpnrd, dropping, according to custom, in a leathern chair out at elbows, but full of com fort to tho spine of recliuing man, while ac cepting one of Craubrooko'sgalaxy of famously- tinted pipes. "I think I will try to do so," rejeincd his friend. " Sinco upon it hangs the weal or woe of two people, In their way more interest ing to mo than others in the world." " I nm nil ears," said Dr. Shcpnrd, fixiug upon Cranbrooko the full gaze of a pair of deep set orbs thnt had done their full share of looking intelligently into the mystery of cerebral vagaries. Cranbrooko, as -well as he could, told the gist of Pollock's letter ex pressing his opinion that to a man of Pol lock's temperamont, tho conviction of ap- nrnnnhlno rfnnth u-nu n« annd no nn nnlnnl (lentli-warrant, Shcpnrd, who asked nothing better than an intelligent listener when launched upon an expression of his favorite theories, kept tho floor for fifteen minutes in a brilliant off hand discourse, full of technicalities inter mingled with sallies of strong original thought, to which Cranbrooko listened, ns men nro wont to do, in fascinafcd silence. " But tliis is generalizing," tho doctor inter ruptcd himself, ut last. "What you want is a spcciul discussion utyourfriond'scondition. Of, course, not knowing his physical 6tatc, I can't pretend to say how long it is likely to be boforc that heart trouble will put him up short. But the merest tyro kuows thnt mon uuder sontcnco from heart-disease havo lived their full span. it is tho obsession of his mind, tho invasion of his nerves by that loug brooding idea, that bothers me. Iam inclined to think the odds aro ho will go mad if ho doesn't die." " Good God," came from his friend's pale lips. " Isn't thnt what you were worrying about when I came in ? Yes— you needn't answer. You think ho, too, and we are not posing ns wise men when we arrive at that simple con clusion." " What on earth are wo to do for him ?" " I don't know, unless it bo to distract his mind, by some utterly Unlocked for concate nation of circumstances. Get his wife to make love to auother man, for instance." Shcpnrd, you for forget j these aro my' nearest friends." " And you forgot I am a skeptic upon all matters connected with fidelity between the sexes," nnBwerod tho little doctor coolly. Cranbrooko had indeed, for a moment, lost sigtit of his confidant's dark pngo nf life that, years ago, had broken up the doctor's homo, nnd mndo of him a scoffer against tho faith uf woman. Ho was silent, and Shopard went with no cvidcnco of emotion. "When that happened to me, it was a dyna mite explosion that cffcetually broke up tho previous courses of thought within mo, and, naturally, Iko idea occurs to mo as a specific for the cose of your meluncholy friend. Seriously, Cranbrooko, you could do worse than attack him for somo unsuspected quarter, in some point where ho is acutely sensitive— play upon him, cxcito him, distract him, and so carry him past tho object of his fears." " How could I ?" asked Cranbrooko of him self. Thcro was another knock, and upon Cran brooke's hearty bidding to conio in, there entered no less a porson than tho subject of thoir Into conversation. Even tho astute Shopard finished his plpo and took his leavo without suspecting that M« manly, healthy, olear-eyed and animated pollock had anything in common with tho posscssotUutro of Crnnbrooke's story. Cranbrooko, who had' droaded a reopening of tho subject of Pollock s bitter, wu» infinitely relieved to find It left untouched. The tfslt, lasting till post midnight, was one of a long scries dating back to tho time of their graduation from tho university. There had never been a break in tho friendship. Tho society of Cranbrooke, after that of nls own wifo, wnsfor I'ollock, ever the most refreshing, tho most inspiring to high and manly thought. Thoy talked, now, upon tonics gravo and gny without hinting at too shadow overlying all. Pollock was at his best, and his friend's heart went out to hhu anew in u wave of that sturdy affection " passing tho love of woman " — rnre.porhaps, in ourmaterial money-getting community, but, happily still existing among true men. Whon tho visitor roso to take leave, ho said in simple fashion : " Then I may count on you,- Cranbrooke, to stand by us this summer?" " Count on mo in all tilings," Cranbrooko answered ; nnd tho . two shook handB, and Pollook went his way cheerily, as usual. " Is this a drenin ?" Cranbrooko asked himself, when left alone. " Can' it be possible thnt snuo, splendid fellow is a victim of pitiful halluaination, or that ho is really to be out off in the golden summer of bis days. No. it can't be ; it must not be. He must bo, as Shcpnrd says, pulled up short ' by main force. At any cost, I must save him. But how? Anyhow 1 |Mnx must be made to forgot himself— even if I am the sacrifice 1 By George, thlB m a plight I'm in ! And Ethel, who adores tho ground lie walks upon ! I shall probably end by losiug both of them, The morning had struggled through Crnn brooke's window-blinds before he htired from his fit of musing, and went into his bedroom for a few hours of troubled sleep. n. Mr. and ' Mrs. Pollock -took possession of their summer abiding plncc on a glorious day of refulgent June, such us, In the dazzling ntmosphcrc of Mount Desert Island, makes other spats of resort on tho Atlantic coast seem dull by comparison. To greet them, thoy found n world of fresh-washed young birches sparkling in the sun ; of splcc-dis- tiUing evergreens, cropping up between gray rocks; of staring white marguerites, and huge, yellow, satin buttercups, ublow in all tho elenrings ; of crisp, young ferns and blue iris, unfolding amid tho greenery of the wilder bits of island ; haunts that where soon, In turn, to be blushing pink with a miracle of i brinr-roses. And what a charmed existcnco followed ! In tho morning, thoy awoko to see tho water, beneath their windows, sparkle red in tho track of the riking sun ; the islets blue-black in the intensu glow. All day they lived abroad in the virgin woods, or on the bay in their canoo. And, after sunsets of radinnt beauty that sometimes lingered on until tho sky was shot with gleams of the northern lights, thoy would foil asleep, lulled by tho lapping of little waves upon tho rock girdle that bound their lawn. Of tho cottagers who composud tho summer settlement, only thoso had' arrived there who, liko tho Pollocks, wanted ehiefly to bo to themselves. In these early days of the season, Max and Ethel liked to explore on horseback the bosky roads thnt thread the island, startling the mother part, ridge, created and crafty, from her nest, and sending her, in affected woo, iu tho opposite direction from whore her brood was left ; lending themselves to tho pretty comedy with smiles of sympathy. Or else, they would rifle the ferny combs of dew-laden blossoms, all the while hearkening to the spring chatter of birds that did their best to give utterance to what wlnd-voico and leaf-tone failed to convoy to human apprehension. Then, emerging from green arcades, our equestrians would find themselves uow in some rocky haunt of primoval solitude, facing lonely hill tops and isolqtod tarns; now, gazing upon a stretch of laughing sea, framed by a cleft in the highlands. Another day, they would climb on foot to somo higher mountain lop, nnd there whipped by 'tonic breczss, stand looking dowu upon the wooded waves of lesser summits, inlaud; and seaward, the broad Atlantic, with the ships ; and, on the const, the huudrcds of hords, with tneir burden ot swirling water I Coming homo from' these morning expedi tions with spirit refreshed and appetite sharpened, it was tho custom to repair, after luncheon, to tho water, and by tho uid of snils, steam, or their own oars or puddles, cut the saphiro bay with tracks of urgent brightness, or linger for many a happy hour In tho green shadow of the Bhorc. The month o! July was npon tho wano before husband and wifo secmiugly aroused to tho .recollection thnt their idol was about to lio interrupted by tho invasion of a third person. Ethel, indeed, had pondered regret fully upon the coming of Cranbrooke for somo days before she spoke ot it to her husband ; while Max I— The real purpose of Crnnbrooke's visit,' dis missed from Bollock's mind with extra ordinary success during the earlier weeks of tbeir stay upon the islaud, had by now assumed, in spite of him, tho suggestion of n death-watch set upon a prisoner. He strove not to think of it. He refrained from speak ing of it. So delicious had been to him the draft ot Ethel's society, uninterrupted by out- sides, in this Eden of tho eastern sea ; so perfect tbeir harmony of thought and speech ; sp charming her beauty, heightened by salt air and outdoor exercise, and early hours, Max woudcred if tho experience had been sent to him ns nn especial allownncoof mercy to tho condemned. To tho very day of Cran- brooko's arrival, even after a trap had been sent to the evening boat to fetch him. the husband and wife, refrained from discussing the cxpcc'cd event. It was tho hour before sunset, following a showery afternoon, and, standing together upon their lawn to look nt the western Bky, Max' proposed to his wifo to go out with him awhile in tho canoe. Thoy ran like children, hnnd-in-hand, to tho wharf, where Mnx lifting tho frail birch-bnrk craft from its rest, sot it lightly afloat. Ethel, stoppiug expertly into her place, was followed by Mnx, who, in his loose cheviot shirt, barearmed and bare headed, flashing his red-dyed pnddic in tho clear-water, seemed to hor tho embodiment of mnnly grace and strength. They steered out Into the bay, and as they paused to look back upon the shore, the glory of the scene grew to he unspeakable. Behind the village, over which the clcotrio globes had not yet begun to gleam, towered Newport, a rampart of glowing bronze, nrcbcd by a rainbow printed upon n brooding cloud. Elsewhere, the multi-colored sky flamed with changing hues, reflected in a scat of glass. And out of this sea, arose wooded islands ; nnd, fur on the opposite shore of the mainland, the triple hills had nut on a vestment of deepest royal purple. " I like to look away from tho splendor, to the side that is iu shnaow," said Ethel. " See, along thnt eastern coast, how the reflected sunlight is flashed from the windows, aud the blue columns of henrth-smoko arise from the chimneys! Doesn't it mako you somehow rejoice that, when the color shall fade, as it soon must, we shall still bavo our homo and the lights wo make for ourselves to go back to ?" Thcro was a long silence. " What has set you to moralizing, dear?" ho asked, trying to conceal that ho had winced at her innocent question. " Oh ! nothing. Only wheu ono is extremely happy, as I am now, one is afraid to bclicvo it will endure. How mild the air is to-night! Look over yonder, Mux, the i'ewellcd necklace of Sorrento's lights has legun to palpitate. Let us paddle around that fiBhing schooner before wo turn." " Ethel, you aro crying." "Ami? Then it Is for pure delight. I think, Max, we had novor so fino nn in spiration as that of coining to Mount Desert. My idea ol tho place hns always been a lot of rantipole gaitics, nnd people crowded in hotels. While this— it is a little liko Norway, and n great deal like Southoro Italy. Besides, when before we have been so completely to ourselves, as in that gray stone lodge by tbo waterside, with its hood of green ivy, and the green hill rising behind it? Let us come every year ; better still, let us build ourselves a summer house upon these shores." " Should you liko mo to buy the cottage wo now have, so that you can kcop it to come to, whon you liko ?" "When you like, you mean. Max, it can't be you have caught cold la this soft air, but your voice sounds a little hoarso, Well, I sup pose we must go in, for Mr. Cranbrooko will bo arriving very soon." Ethel's sigh lound an echo in one from her husband at which tho Aprll-naturcd young woman laughed. "There, It's out! Wo don't want oven Cranbrooke, do wo ? To think the poor, dear man's coming should have been oppres sing both of us, nnd neither would bo first to acknowledge it. After nil, Mnx darling, it Is your fault. It was you who proposed Cran brooke. I knew, all along, that I'd would be better satisfied with you alone. Now, wo must just take the consequence of your over- hasty hospitality, and make him as happy as we are — if wo can !" "If we can !" said Mux, nnd she saw an almost pathetic expression that bewildered her. "Why do you look so rueful over him ?" " 1 am thinking, perhaps, how hard it will be (or him to look at happiness through unother man's eves." ' " Nonsense I Mr. Cranbrooke is quite satisfied with his own lot. lie is ono of thoso self-contained men who could never really love, I think," said Mrs. Pollock, con clusively. " Ho has in some way, failed to show you his best side. He has tbo biggest, tcndcrcst heart, I wish thcro was a woman fit for him, somewhere ! But Stephen will never marry, now, I fear. Sho who gets him will bo luclty ho is a very tower of strength to thoso who lean on him." " As far as strength goes, Max, you could pick him up with your right hand. It may be silly, but I do love your sizo and vigor: when I sec you in a crowd of nvcrage men, I exult in you. Imagiuo any woman who could get you, wanting a thin, sallow person like Cranbrooke." " He can bo fascinating when ho chooses," said Max. " The best thing about Cranbrooko, Max, is that ho loves you," answered his wife, wil- fully. " Then I want you henceforth to try to like him better, to like him for himself. He Is coming in answer to my urgent request, and I feel ocrtain tho more you Know of him, tho more you will trust Iq Urn At any rate gjya him ns much of your dear self ns I can spare, I and you wilt be sure of pleasing me." I " Max, I believe it is you who are cryiug because you aro to happy. I never heard such a solemn cadence in your voice. I don't want a minute of this lovely timo to bo sad. When .we were in town, 1 fancied you were down— about something ; now, you aro your self again ; let me be happy without alloy. I nm determined to bo tbo oigftlo of tho French fnblc, nnd danco and sing away the summer. Between us, wo may evan succeed in making that sober Cranbrooko a reflection of us both. There, now, the light has faded, quicken your speed ; we must go nshoro and meet him. Seo, tile moon huh risen— oh ! Mnx, darling, to please mc, paddlo in that silver path." This was tho Ethel her husband liked best to eco ; a child in her quick variations of emotion, a woman in steadfast tenderness. Conquering his own strongly-excited feeling, he smiled on her indulgently, nnd when, their Inndiug reached, Cranbrooko's tall form was descried coming down tho bridge to rceeivo them, lie was able to greet his friend with an unshadowed face. The thrco went into dinner, which Ethel, taking ndvantngo of the soft, dry nir, had ordered to bu served iu n loggia opening upon the water. Tho butler, a sympathetic Swede, had decked their littlo round table with wild roses in similes of shell-nink, deepening to crimson. The candles, burning under pnle- green shades, were hardly1Pstirred by the faint breeze. Hard, indeed, to bolievo that, upon occasion, that couchant monster, tho bay, could break up into huge waves, ramping shoreward, leapiug over tho rook-wall, upon the lawu, up to the loggia floor, and there beat for admission to tho houso upon storm shutters hastily erected to moot its onslaught 1 To-night a swinging lantern of wrought-iron 6ont down through its panels of opal glass a gentle illumination upon three welt-pleased laces gathered around tho dainty little feast. Ethel, who, in the days of gypsying, would allow uo toilets of ceremony, retained her sailor hat, with the boat-gown of white serge, in which her infantile beauty showed to its best advantage. Cranbrooko was dazzled by tho new bloom upon her face, tho new light io eye. Pollock, a tall, broad-shouldered blond, clcan-shnvcn, save tor a moustache, his custom of white flannels enhancing duly the transparent healthiness of his own complexion looked, also wonderfully well— so Cranbrooko thought nnd said. "Does ho not?" cried Ethel cxultingly. "I know you would think so. Max lias been rooonsirucica since we nave uvea outdoors tu this wonderful air. Just wuit, Mr. Cran brooke, till we havo done with you, nnd you, too, will bo blossoming like the roso," "I, that was a desert, you would say," re turned Cranbrooke, smiling. Involuntarily it occurred to him to contrast hi own outer rnnn with thnt of his lio.-it. Somehow, or other, the fond, satisfied look Ethol bestowed upon her lord, aroused anew in their friend an old, teasing spirit of envy of nature's bounty to another, denied to bim. As the moon transmuted to silver the stvotch of water cast of them, and the threo sat over the table, with its carafes, nnd de canters, and egg-shell coffee cups, till tho flame nf a cigar-lighter, fed by alcohol, died utterly in its silver beak, their talk touching all subjects pleasantly, Craubrookc persuaded himself that he had Indeed been drenming a bad dream. The journey thither, of which overy milo had been like tho link of i lengthening chain, was for him, after nil, a more essay nt pleasure-seeking. He hnd come on to spend a jolly holiday with n couple of tho nicest people In the world— nothing more ! His fancies, bis plans, his devices, conceived in sore distress of spirit, wcro relegated to the world of shadows, whence they hnd bcon summoned. When Ethel left tho two men for the night, aod the butler came out to colleot his vari ous belongings, Pollook roso and bade Cran brooke accompany him to see tho mountains from tbo other side of the houso. Here, turning their backs an tho enchantment of the water view, they looked up at an amphi theater of hills, dominated in turn by rocky summits gleaming in tho moon. But for tho lap of tho water upon tho coast, the stir of a fresh wind arising to whisper to the leaves of a clump of birches, Mother Earth around them was keeping silent vigil. " What a pcrfeot midsummer night 1 " said Cranbrooko, drawing a deep breath of enjoy ment. " After the heat anu dust of that 300 miles of railway jonrnoy from Boston, this is a reward ! " " We choso better than wo know the scene of my euthanasia," answered Pollock, with out a tremor in his voicn. A thrill ran through Cranbrooko's veins. Ho could havo sworn tho air had suddenly become chill, as if an iceberg had llontcd Into the bny. He tried to respond, and found himself babbling words of weak con ventionality ; and all tho while the soul of tho strong man within him was saying : "It must not be. It shall not be. If I live, I shall rescue you from this ghastly phantom." " Don't think it necessary to give words to what you feel for me," said Pollock, smiling slightly. " You are not mnking a brilliant success of it, old man, and you'd better stop. And don't supposo I mean to continue to entertain my guest by lugubri ous discussions of my approaching finnle. Only it is necessary that you should know several things, since tho event may tako uh unawares. I have n ado you my executor, and Ethel gets all there is: that's tho long and short of my will, properly signed, scaled, aud deposited with my lawyer before I left town. Ethel's mother and sisters will bo returning to Newport iu a fortnight, and they will, no doubt, como to tho poor child when she needs them. There mist be some compensation for a decree of this kind, and I have it In the absolute bliss I have enjoyed since wo camo here. That child-wife of mine is tho most cnobanting crenturc in the world. If I were not steeped in selfishness, I could wish that sho loved mc a little less. But all emotions pass, and ovon Ethel's tears will dry." " Good heaven, Mnx, you are talking like a machine! One would think this affair of yours certain. Who arc you, to dare to penc- trato the mystery of the decrees of your maker—" "None of that, if you please, Cranbrooke," interrupted Pollock ; " I have fought every inch of tho way along there, by myself, and have been conquered by my conviction. Did I tell you thnt my father, before rae, struggled with similar remonstrances from Aw friends? Tho parsons even brought bell and book to exorcise his ghost ; and alt in rein. He wns snuffed out in full health, as I shall be, and why should I whine at following him ? Come, my dear fellow, I am keeping you out of a capital bed, from sleep you must require. There's but one matter In which you can duiiuiiiu — Hutu .uiuui mm your care, win her fullest confidence, let her know that when I am not there, you will be" Cranbrooke went to his room, but not to rest. When his friends next saw him, he was returning from a solitary cruise about tho bay in a catboat Pollock kept at anchor near their wharf. "Why, Mr. Crnnbrookc," cried Ethel, lightly. " The boatman says you have been out over sinco daybreak. But that wo espied the boat tacking about beyond that far rock I should havo been for semilog in search of you." " Cranbrooke is an accomplished sailor," said Max. "But just now, breakfasts tha thing for him, Ethol. Soo that he is well fed, while I stroll out to tho stable and look after tho horses." As he crossed tho greensward, Ethel's gaze followed him, till he disappeared behind a clump of trees. Thon sho turned to her guest. "Let me serve you with all there is. until they bring you something hot," sho said, with her usual hnU-flippant consideration of him. " Do you know you look very Beedy ? I have, for my part, no patienco with theso early j morning exploits." " If you could hnYe seep the woridawnkeni I ing as I saw it, this morning, you would cqq. done my offense," ho nnswcrca, a ourious ex- Ercssion Ethol thought she had detected in is oyos, leaving them unclouded ns ho . spoke. (to de continued. 