MEMOIRS N tIBprizering 'y FOR THE ' CHAMPIONSHIP AND FOUR Hundred pounds : between " BENDIGO AND BEN CAUNT.- Fought at Sutfield Green, Oxfordshire, on 9th Septem ber, 1845. (Continued.) It was twehty minutes past three when at last tbe men entered the ring. Caunt was the first to show, attended by Young Uollneux and D'Orsay Tur- ner and his seconds, with Uncle Ben Butler to look after tbe bottles. Ben- dlgo quickly followed with a quartet of esquires, Nick Ward and Johnny Bannan his actual seconds, Jem Ward and Jem Burn as supernumeraries. Tlie rival champions shook hands and (ten tossed for corners, the lot falling to Ben, who chose the higher ground, with his back to the sun. Then Tom Spring, in compliance with the articles, produced Count's belt, and handed it to Bendlgo to show that It was the genuine article. Bendy, Larky and Cheeky as Usual, buckled it on in bravado, and then offered to bet Caunt a level £50 that the belt would be his (BeDdy's) pro perty before the day was over. Ben declined, and looked as if be were dis gusted with his opponent's facenons- ness and frivolity on the eve of so momentous an event. The trophy was then banded over to Jem Ward to await the result Bong and fierce was the wrangle over the selection of a referee. One sportsman after another was proposed and rejected, but at last " T" Owd Squire," the renowned George Ostaldeston, was agreed to. The Squire, however, had retreated to his carriage to get out of the crush, and declined to accept the post But when It was put to him that unless be con sented to act there would be no fight at all, he reluctantly consented to act It will be remembered that he had not long before filled that thankless office at the battle between Paddy Gill and Young Reid, when we gave a full description of his personal appearance at .this period of his life. It was cer tainly the most courageous act on his part to stand as referee in the midst of such a rough and howling mob. and he probably regretted It to the day of his death. This important matter settled, the men's colors were tied to the stakes — Bendigo's. blue with white spots ; Caunt's, a bright orange with blue border, bearing this inscription on a garter in the centre : " Csunt and Bendigo for f 400 and the Champion ship of England, 9th September, 1645. May the Best Man Win I" Shouts of " Sit down in front 1" were now heard from the stormy crowd that stood thick ns standing corn on the verge of the ring, and the spectators in the front rauks either knelt or sat down, until the fierce rushes of the escited roughs forced them to rise. Then at length "Time" was called, and the two rival claimants for the Championship of England faced one another in the grim earnestness of battle. Bendy, whose manner toward Caunt bad been needlessly offensive and In sulting—so much so, In fact, ns to dis gust all respectable sportsmen— seemed on tbe best of terms with himself. Be looked the picture of health, too. Bis check was ruddy, his skin clear, and his grey eyes bright and sparkling, Whilst his muscular frame was in per fect condition. Be seemed, indeed, fit to fight for bis life. Always restless and eccentric in his movements. Bendy was certainly not on this occasion what uiie 4VOUIU can cozuposu in uis uiaiiiicr, but be faced liis gigantic roe d.itmi- lessly, doubtless encouraged by the knowledge that his supporters were numerous and unscrupulous. Caunt, 1 on the other hand, was quiet and grim. His appearance was extraordinary. You Could Count Every Rib in His Body —bis long arms, legs, and thighs covered only with huge knots of muscles and sinew, showed that he was in perfect condition, whilst his close-cropped hair aud gaunt cheelcs made his big ears look more bat-like than ever. In fact, no one could have recognised in that ugly mug the once beaming and jolly phiz of tbe landlord of tbe Coach and Horses. A more for midable mass of sheer physical streugtii has seldom 1>eeii seen in tbe Prize Ring. He looked taller than ever by reason of being so thin, for he soiled but a trifle over 14 st, and had never been reduced so low in his life. He towered like a Colossus above Bendy, who. as we have said, only stood 5ft 9iu, aud weighed but list 101b. So the two confronted one another, and to an outsider, who knew nothing of the science of boxing, it would, in deed, have seemed as if Bendy 's chance of winning was small with such a Goliaih before him, though, of course, the old Biblical story of David and the Philistine may have come to the inluds of some and made them remem ber that tin battle is not always to the strong. Ylien Big Ben put up his hands and drew near bis foe. his face lost that severe look which had hitherto characterised It, and was lit up with a smile which brought back to the memory a sort of ghost of a recollec tion of the jovial landlord. Erect and massive as a tower stood Ben, whilst his active foe dodged and shifted around him. careful not to come within reach of those shoulder-of- mutton fists. But Bendy was not the man to be con tent witb sparring and dodging. He meant mischief as well, and presently, cnn>ping in close, drew Caunt's blow, which missed. Thrice tbe giant let rmt heavily, but Dover touched his ' nimble foe. At last Bendy saw an opening, dashed in. planted bis left with a sounding smack on Caunt's right eye. and was away again before Ben could return the compliment. After a few of his lively capers, the Bold 'Un again got in, and landed his left on Ben's right cheek, opening an old wound inflicted by Brassey. and causing the blood to flow freely. ' First blood " for Bendigo— an event greeted with frantic shouts of delight by the " Lambs." Cauut still smiled. but looked a trifle dazed, and his in tellects were none the brighter for another smack in tbe right eye, which Bendy delivered, and pot away laugh ing. A stern look came over the Big One's face qs he strode forward, ap parently to annihilate his foe. Bang went Ben's left, But a Quick Duck of the Head Saved Bendy. Then Caunt closad for the throw bo swiftly that Bendy could not esrape- Gailantly the latter pvapplpd witb his colossal antagonist, til! every muscle of bis body stood out like whipcord ; hut it was of no avail, ho could not even (stir the tuiebty Ben, who at last byj sheer strength, forced his man down in the corner. We may as well say at once that we nave no intention ot describing this most unsatisfactory battle round after round. It would be a mere waste of space, and could not fall to weary the reader. From our description of the first ronnd, the reader will father what the style of fiabting adopted by each man was. Bendy ducking, dodging, getting away, and dropping; Caunt advancing in his lumbering wav, and hitting nothing hut the air with his fists, though occasionally be got hold of his man and threw him. Ju the 10th round, for example, Ben gripped his man. gave htm a regular Cornish hug. and flung him by sheer strength, adding to the severity of the fall bv dropping, frith all his might, onjhis reustrale ' foe. - Bnt Bendy .'twas not 4jHe; he-brept'ln, snake4ike, and with fcih&rvellobslyqhiek; knovsment, landed hifl lefit,again and agpln on Oannt's -ebefek, .fill Die' blood-tan ih streams .down fee gianfis vriafee. , Zt twss at thisl Jtmeture ihat Bendlgo hegan to dispW the most objectionable fotats tn biB style of fighting ; not content wlth jmerely getting away, he deliber ately) dropped directly after be had delivered his stinging one, two, so that Caupt had no possible chance ot hitting bim. There were loud shouts ot f'FOuJI Foul!" " That's ' Not Manly, Bendigo 1" (nit these were drowned In the savage yells of the "Lambs," who uproariously applauded everything that Bendy did —good, bad, or indifferent Tbe thirteenth round wee an extra ordinary. one. Ben, on coming to the scratch, immediately let out with his left at Bendy's head, and just grazed the top of his scalp. A. sharp rally followed, and the exchanges with the left were tbe best that had yet been seen, till at last Bendy bit bis man with such terrific force on the old wound under fee right eye thst he knocked Ben clean off his legs, and thus gained the second as well as the first event. We have seen a good many hard blows struck In our time, but we bave never seen a harder one than that which sent Ben Caunt to grass. That huge mass of fourteen stone, all solid bone and muscle, was fairly and cleanly bit down by a man not twelve stone in weight It was a wonderful feat; and Bendy deserved tbe tremendous applause which he received for it. So fearful was the force with whicb tbe blow ' was de livered that Bendy himself rebounded agntnst the stakes from the recoil, whilst Caunt was picked up almost. .Shinned by the severity of the bit Caunt's face looked dreadful when be came up for the next round, but he was as game and resolute as ever. Bendy, elated by bis success, tried the same game again, but, though he landed, was not quick enough in tbe return, as Ben, catching bim In his mighty grasp around the neck, lifted bim up bodily on to tbe ropes, and then hanging upon bim, finally threw him and fell heavily on him— Amid the Indignant Shout6 and Abusive Epithets of the " Lambs," who stigmatised this conduct as cowardly, cruel, foul, and we know not what else. But Bendy had his revenge a minute or two later, when, creeping in bis insinuating fashion, he planted a ter rific blow on Ben's mouth, which split the upper lip in two, and then fell. The blood streamed from Caunfs mouth as he strode to his corner, and the Nottingham roughs were wild with delight No words of ours could possibly con vey any adequate idea of the confusion and uproar which raged round the ring. The " Lambs " were bad enough, even when their pet Bendy, was carry ing all before him, but whenever Caunt got bold of his man and threw btm, or held htm on the ropes, their fury knew no bounds. The noise, the pressure, the general disorder, at last had such an effect upon Nick Ward that he fainted, and his place had to be taken by Nobby Clark. Appeals were constantly made against Bendy on the ground of foul play In deliber ately throwing himself down after be had planted a blow on Caunt's face, but these appeals were fruitless. The referee, brave man though he un doubtedly was, dared not face that angry crowd ; he was compelled to take refuge inside the twenty-four foot ring, and even then he had Whips and Sticks Circling and Whistling Round His Head in a manner calculated to unhinge the stoutest nerves. Caunt's seconds, too were threatened with personal violence if they attempted again to appeal to Tom Spring, who preserved his cool ness and presence of mind admirably, hut narrowly escaned havinir his lienH smashed by tbe bludgeon of a Notting ham Lamb — the blow, fortunately, missed his head, and fell on his shoulders, but he felt the effects of it ror many a day afterwards. Long descriptions of this fight have been written, but we unhesitatingly declare that tbe greater part of these descriptions is pure fiction. No re porter there could possibly have fol lowed the fight round by rouDd. The crush and the diu were such that no buman being could distinctly tell what was going on. Every now and then one could catch a glimpse of Caunt, grim and gory, his huge frame towering above the bystanders ; then one could catch a glimpse of the wily, snake-iike Bendy. Suddenly a fist couid be seen striking Caunt's bleeding and lacerated visage, a roar would burst from the " Lainbs." and the next instant Caunt would be seen looking down savagely at something on the ground, which, we concluded, must be Bendy, Ibougb, as a rule, it was impossible in that dense throng to see bow he hud got to tbe ground. It soon became evident from the awful state of Caunt's visage that be must Inevitably be beaten blind unless he could contrive to cripple bis foe with a heavy fall. But Bendy was too artful to let him have a chance of doing this. Once or twice, indeed, Ben had his foe in his arms and did bis best to strangle him against the ropes, but the cunning Bendigo always managed, somehow, to escape the fate which he deserved, and went on hitting Ben In the face and dropping, till every one was weary of the monotonous spectacle. There was no real fighting, but Bendigo was slowly, but surely, beating Caunt by hitting him and putting his face to ribbons, whilst poor Ben never had a chance of getting a blow borne at his shirty antagonist Meanwhile, the confusion and disorder were simply appalling. We hope never agal7j To See Such Fiends in Human Shape as those Nottingham Lambs, and some of Caunt's rough supporters were nearly as bad. Apppals of " Foul were constantly made, but it wan doubtful whether tlie referee and nm-ilres heard them tn the Babel of oaths and shouts and execrations that filled the air. At any rate, the fight went r,n amid these horrible surroundings until the 93rd round was reached, when Caunt, let ting drive left and right, bore down on Bendy, forced him on his back on tbp ropes, and finally twisted him round till he fell on the ground. But Bendy was not done yet ; be gained liis feet, gave Ben . a terrific smack In the f»ee was knocked down again, jumped up a third time, and, rushing after Caunt when his back wa/s half turned to bim, was about to let Sy wben Ben, catching sight of him with tbe corner of his eye dropped plump upon his seat of honor! Instantly a hundred voices veiled " Foul ! foul ! Caunt fell without a blow !" Tlie referee, on being appealed to. declared that Caunt bad deliberately gone down without a blow, aud had therefore lost the figbL The scene which followed will never be forgotten by those who witnessed it 