THE STORY OF A SONG. My greatest triumph? Wall, yon shall he about it, although I do not hold it altogether mine. I bad been singing al an "At Home" is a boose looking 'into the Regent 1 • Park My heit and hortesa were dear frienda of sdae, and I.wlth me or two othan, regained long after the majority of the guea ware gone. We were «1 artistes— a vio- Hnto, a pianist, an actor, and I, the linge When we were about to aspirate, tney aaked me to sing onoe more, I looked round -at the sympathetic faces, dreamy In Ifo softened Ugh^ a little group In the gnat deserted rooms. Some wave of. rosembnuioe swept over me. We were none •f us of English Wrth although we spoke t English language, and owed much'to the wastry of oar adoption. I went to the : fbno ™ ttog " Heme, Sweet Heme." ' Z p'ayed my oun sooompaniment—I pro faned It on (bat occasion ; I wanted to b fllni with the music. When the jwng waa over we said good algft Ifsltthat I had little else to say; tba mbdaed thanks of my fdends were mo stoma than the loudest applause, and I wa Mot in tin mood to talk or dn£ again* I had deddedto go home that night In cab. > My host sen* * servant tooallone Almost immediately the man returned, sa lag there was aoab waiting; it bad been * nttfaig, added* for more thanea boor. , Itwas raising, a" alight idrissie, and th ^•ibtoTerirtma^atarpnmf oape and cap;. I wnmbwni^^ blm lnnur mind tor bis lass wait Ml got into the dab. I could n mUi jaoei i»t from the bend of bis tahqddert .1 thought bo waa anoldman, Tteserv^gavetfoaddreM —Montague Jkasre, rt and wedrowaway, a For some little, tune 1 lay l?aok In my 'inner, lest in memories and reflections, sad feeling also a little wearied. Presently however, It struck me f^iat the journey —mad nnususJJy locg, - aqd I looked from i window. Wjiwere toj^daric,narr which soemed quite strange tome; ItU sura l had never driven through !* J -; on my mj fromthe Regent's Park MontMue Square. I polled tha cheek *M, and put my head out of the windo Tdriwrturned round on his seat and Tjj^fn.il me, palling Jnjthe horse "Where arswet going right enough/Vhe said gruffly. "You'll be ther* directly, eB0qgh,"«ad i^pped npUs home. l.lM^ Mpaa|^ «gUBmse «lhliiaee ; it was honsstlbaking faoe.1 thought, bat half ' "1 InAgreatred board. Idid not fed ihsr comfortable j my nnqr d the iAaaorsd me that wo was* laa very nrigbbokfcood. It was nearly two 'cloak, and fintown was ominously quiet Mold not eee a poljoemsn, or I think -M have oallfd tohim. -Altar<me woe 7 turning ft* dab suddenly " in themiddle of nrireet, darker, i,dtagisrthanthelast. Before I could aayanythlng the oabman 'desoooded from the box and was stead \- attbe window. What doee this mean?' 1 I asked Indig paliy. " Where are wef The man leaaedblatwo urns on the of the jnaa window la adorned sort way.bot I thought he lookea rather •~*Hhoedi in spite o(1di great red beard * I've brought yon bare tosing," he add ^Wbatf I or'ed ind^jpantly. "Yon be mad. Drive onait once, or I will ge end call the nearest poliownan." . otiwr mtr Is looked; and as lor • by, I reckonther»won*t be oneroundfor 'an boor at least You've only got to aadm take yen straight away borne." u What am I to ring?" I asked in a sor " fespesatkm.Literally I saw no other joatoflt. *"Ome, Sweet 'Ome/'he said promptly. I waa fairly bewttderod. There was a shadow of disrespeot in the man's ' e, bnt he ftimdtamUy determined •fanok me that I 'was being xnadi sabjeot of a jest a bet perhaps; my might be dfeguiwd. If so, the oloker It waa over, and I yielded* the Setter, unless relief should come from an absurd situation. Up and down the street ar not a soul was visible; it waa quiet as the grave. "Look here," bo said (he was watching my hesitation keenly), "I waa listening outalde . the window toyou and the others I never heard anything like Itj, never; not •Inoe 1 knew aa it was yon Oat sang— ts ooold see you—and I made up nxy n»ind. WiU you sing? Ill explain alter-- there's r. no time now, and yon won't be sorry." His words oame rapidly—pleadingl though feeling prsdoiw moments slipping away.. SwittUBgiatii tone,inthegreat, penrive blue eyes over the ted beard, decided me. I began to alng. At the Ast note lie swerved round and he stood with bis back to tiw oaK ridoirays tne, gazlng np at one of tho dttk windows inttedrw houee neartbe door ofwMch we stood. I drew baek out al alght as I -sang, but I also oould seethe window. • e Presently, I thought I »aw tiie flimsy ourtain that shadowed it wlAdrawn, and a white laee peering onb ISm flareof a sbeet lamp a few doors away fell upon it re It looked strangely ^ritual, wlMmer the a spirituality of angd u* davffloould net say Perhaps the mystery of it all, tts n straaigsnaas, inspired mo afresh. In Sflte . of wearineaa and some tear, T seng, I yē believe, aa wdl as I bad Staiia^ fawi'f drawing-room and with a deeper meaning. In Jilt those other daric, naourtataied windowi I saw no rignof life; it sssweilto me that that welrd whlte feee bel«a«ed te this sole inhaWfant of«sb^et that « on ot of mere deserted tumbjedown *gn»mqnti' > Anytihhu moxe nttoriy pttftal than «ie burden of fhat sohg ridng u sndiaphoel cannot - oonodvo. AH aronnd *ere ghosts of homei, 1 lonely, ftdlingbonsss wtt nuknown- Usboriea^ asa sU ttawpi HioMannt the nab door sliiojl inwttnrilnsa, jailaj; u , As the last note dled jiw^: fie toned round a OtQe and touonedhiadrippla«aap tiuB,without air»rd,moni*ed t^e bo^a ow drove on. I suppose I was ovawntooghfc— tiia unearthHiwas of it «U hadt lMn jtoe mudh iorjny Ima^nation; IknewX4mried my iioe and sofiwd; but I mr palmar prpeantly, and in a quarter ;of «n boar I found w myself safely dwposfted at ny own doM, • • • - " a When Io&nd; my drivar Us lare, be kept his hands on tbe reins and looksA he mid. H l doart tales an iarefor thlsni^ewock, thank yo kindly," and&ove;^.'SisveieeaoondodbowBe. ^e advontoe dwritmuch in n^ mln and M^snd sut M formany dqi ifaied no solution. Thfcn oaie *ftanooai-I was told ttal a ma desired to apeek wMi au; faewas writing on ' tbe doer-rtep, and astt sp hb ssmsos « Gsb No. 1, 2—." I romembsced tte number of the oab in whkh l iiad rotunod fMBSmnh ; Park. I ordered the man to I be shown inte a Uttie room off H» ball, an went down toblab Hewas there, red-beardedand bias sysd* stain rling In the middle d tiw room, a^T "Us bs* irifli a afct «f . "I ^hou^t Td |ust3ika toealland see you," he said, - M and snmfaJi. She's gone home—your dngln' dld Ik. I never heard anytlflMlikeit. I'd like tothankye." «Tbtfme dlnbant it." . w WeD, yen see," he ssia, 'afcHiog out the window, "she used to sisf beantifnl, . and die used to rfng ikat—muk she went away , from tlM villi«e to London, .and— and she got into trouble. We t 1 d never Ite company, ao to sgesV.butl wiI Had of fon ol Jter ; sbe was a bit above mo alwaya. When pbo dldnt write no msx% I oame to London too. I thought If I tookto .sab driving I mUKt cross bar somshbw and kee an'eye in fier. X^betfrd ber sb)^[«dno idght at a oever m&d; wbne. n^ A bad t pboe ezaotiy, but rough for the like «f ie anifu dreadful frightimed when she saw me, so' after tiiat I watohed ber unbeknow She fell111 and went tohespitaL When s oame out aihe couldn't ring.She went ba to her poor room; the houaes wore golng be pulled down, and the street was emptyin bat the landlord, he let her stay a bit. never spoke toher, but I used to put thin at fcer door now and again. ** My ridfather «nd mother would hav been glad totake ber In, and let bar rest a forget the town, and I wrote that on a pa and pat it down by the doer. The next morring she had tom oft a scrap and wro on it large,' Not* twioe over. I guess she waa abont starring* too. Then I heard yo sing, . and Jt sornnnd to me if she heard it sung tikotbat shs couldn't help herself bu wanttogoi 1 I made np my mind tohavs try anyhow. She's gone—the rid'un's hav got b^r safe—and! thank yon kindly." There won tsars in tits eyes of the rin assheoeoriaded. y—as « Yon will ssa, M riiesrid, smlling wlth her Hps, " that the triumph was not altogether mine t " 