i\««s 111 Hiit't. Stuyiil. '^~ llnttar nt Ilurnlu to-night. GhoBtsonthoN.W. Ooaiit. Wet wcMlmr for tho holiday. l'arllament woati on Tuno 25, Adolnlita wheat nml flour innrkot flrmlng, llurnlo rncos po«tpoiiiil till nuxt Bnturdny, Mr Laldkw's »ale, nt Btowport, on Stun. day. Btock Bale at Ulventono on Tucadny. See nilvt, Sir Henry Parkos will ha 80 yean nf ngn on Moadny. Thoro nrc 270 olHcluls in Ilia Queen's hounoho'd. . Great Urllnln pays £100,000,000 n year for importotl foods. Cups nnd iwuocrs from Ud nt Hall nnd Oo.'a, Hurnio.— Ailvt. Trovolllmt neeut wanted for A.M P. Society. Scaadvt. More work liiun found by Government for Hobart unemployed, MratlnRnf sliareholdors of IJtuu Day llncon Fnutnry this nftotnoon. LnU of useful articles in Hall nml On. '9 lid and 1/ window.— Advt. Applications for position as munnger Cam Creatiiory close to-ilay. An English lnrtj hai brqunatheil £110,000 to Ohureh Hl«»lou Sxil.lles. Supremo. Oourt of United States declares levying of Income tnx illegal. Tasmsnisn myrtlu prnvei iiiperlor to Kug lhh Iwch for mMng lw»t );nts. Marquis of Queennberry chnllcngcs his son to n IWht for £10,111)0. Tenders for rental of Mrs Roberts' farm at Ktowport oIobo on Mimdny. ' The Union nt tho diuretics' at Burnlo U. M. K. Chinch to-morr.iw ovunlng. Pnbllo ni'mtlngntBuwport next Monday I evening re State Bcbool mutters. Tenders Invited for puio'inso of Mr IIodgut|B firms at Cam, Bee ailvt. f A l!Moz nugzet nf gold reported to lrnru been discovered at Marblu lUr, W.A. Now /.ill uid wheat marknt strongly im proving ; large imiiortatlonii uccessnry, Kiwlilonnblc wcdillng at Deloraiuc — Mr William Harvuy to SII« Faniilu Shoruy. S Kxplanution by Mr D. Smith, Cam, to his \ numerous customers for apples. See ndvt Mr D. Smith, Cam, thanks Dr. Ilooku for Ilia miccesiful truacmuut in his lute Illnuw). Further oddiilons to stock to ho offered at Jtrs Roberts' sale, Stoivport, ou tVcdnesday. Table Cnpo Biicnn Factory directors dccldcil to take pi|!« only frum shaniboldcrs. Crockery a trllUs abovo cost, and glu^BWdre under cost, nt Hull and Co.'a, Bnrniu — Ailvt_ Tenders for removal of machinery from llull'u Reward Mine to Wimitah close to U»y. Clenrinn sale nt Sir Luldlaw's farm, Stow port, on Uonday. Full particulars adver tised. Tasroanfon Dairy Company (Lnttnccston) last Bcauon paid £0111/10/ for milk anil cream. Arllmr Oiton (formerly tho Tichhorno Claimant) says bu lu» in Syduuy it lirotlicr named niwrlea. Sir Henry Parkcs has promised to relievo the unemployed iiurnediatvly on his return to office I A counter thief decampa! from a London bank on Weduetduy with a case containing £3,000. A few cotes of selected Victorian applet sold In London ou Wednesday at from 12/0 to 10/ per case. A woman ivn« fined twopenoa at a London police court for damaging the hat nnd jacket of auollivr. Vinegsr, 1/2 gallon ; Pepper, 3d and M tin: Com Flour, 8dpkt; Cream Tartar, l/o lb; Tobacco, 2d,4d, 8d, Everything lower than elsewhere at Rlggs'.— Advt. It Is calculated that S3 per cent, of tbo clRarB told in London are not made of to bncco at all, ConBignuienls of stwn blackwood timber being sent to Melbourne nre for tiauihlp ment to JCuropc. During his resldcneo in the cnlonicn, Ar thur Oiton was once a Uaptlst and twice a Romun Catholic. Large quantity of household furniture, stock, etc , lit Mr LalJlaw'a sale at Stuw ' port, on Monday. JIlnfBiers propose to further reduco Dc 1 fenco and Magisterial votes at forthcoming seulon of. Pnrllnmont. Maicmis of Qneensbcrry and Tord Douglas have been ImuiiiI over to ko»|) tbo pcaco In thctuniof£i'OOcach. Kvldencn bdnf taken by D.'nn Royal Com mission in Sydney Btrongly favors iunocence of the condemned man. It bn« bren decided to rnlco £1,000,000 by direct, taxntion in Ni- wfoumlland in older to meet tho existing deficit. Carbine landed safely at dravesend. Gone, to Wnlbcck Abbey, ono of the fcaU of tho Duko of Portland. A man 103 years old wnisont to gaol in Melbourne the other day for having ' no lawful means of support.' Mr John Drake, senr., of Kvandalr, well known agricultural implement maker, tied . suddenly from heart disease. Sir Edward Bmddon presided at a temper, ance nieolinR at Ilobnrt ou Tuesday night, but declined to tnko tlie pledge. Llcnnwof thoRnv. A. Turnbull, Holmrt, revoked by the Bishop The rev gentleman is charged with insubordination. _ ' Tlio Times condemns War Office malad ministration and reoommenrlB appointment of commlBslon to puree tho department. A new-born baby thrown over a wall Hit hlBh and abandoned in Norfolk Law, Hotort. Mother arre.terl by police ; on by Ims died. Japan asked to state bow much additional Indemnity money Is required for releaio of. Llantong territory from terms of Chinese ^tVisehold requisites at H.I1 and Co's, nornle.at Breitly reduced pilces Ininei!. tlon iMTltol. Everything mnrked In pfald X 1m. tan arranged that the n«t team of English crlckcteiB to visit Australia snail ba brought out under the conduct of Mr Stoddnrr, In J807. , . Houpo ot Commons Commltteo havo do dried that elrlest sons of peers, nn the (lenm of their fathers, cannot (it In that brunch o£ ' Sy/noyaOrlol!Ct Ground tmjtces give Crlckot ABioclMlon «2»0 aB solatium for losses incurred owing to Stodriart Elavon counter attractions. /.m™.- Mr Bushman, Lnunccston Sanitary Offlcor, leaves DHVonport for King Island to-day to Inspect cattle thore, owing to loported out break of pteuro-pnoumonln. r...__i_ A young womnti naraod Hn''«t ?fSD™J commuted »nlcldo at GundaKnl,N.B.tt., on Baturday by eating vermin destioyor nnu cutting tho nrtorloa of her w'8t. 3Ir Robert Carter Mys that 12 years bjjo Launccston was nothing hotter than n stliue hole. He offers lo stand (or cloc on sgnliisl any nlderrann tivoring the abolition i-f tbi Bnnltnn' department. Five thousand seven hundred nnd thirty .telegrams, contnlnlu8 about 134,000 words arrived ntFrledrlchsruo on Prince Blftmuck t htrlhday, nnd 031, containing 08,000 words wore dcepatcUed from thcro on tho satuo Ua 