SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHIC GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXVIII. By the author "Murdered at Mid- day," "For True Love's Sake, "Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron ?" "Sword and Lance," "Police Minister," &c.; ‘{Alt Jlifcmxs RESERVED.) We will now return to the haunted house in Ghost Lane and its occupants. Rose Stranraer had intended to have gone home to her father's house immediately. upon her.'arrival inlRochdale, in order to acquaint her parents with all that had happened to her : since she had parted from them in so ~ strong;} and un precedented a fashion, as also wi-h the dangers and hiding place of her corn* paoion. ’ But the riotous, and to her incompre* bcnsible procession that she bad seen pass up the lane, had very naturally - alarmed her, and also caused her, mainly owing to the entreaties and the persuasions of. her husband and Lancelot Leigh, to change her determination’ and postpone her intended visit until the next night, and she. was able to do this all the better because they hadsfcill sufficient pro visions with them to last., with moderation in the partaking, another four and twenty hours.' So they made.a frugal supper and then ohose the apartments they would occupy during the ensuing night. Bose selected the inner of the; two chambers bn the first; floor that communi cated directly with each other, arid her husband said he would occupy the outer one, since there be should be beat able to guard her from any possible danger, while Lancelot Leigh declared that the'room on the ground floor which they ‘ had first entered would suit him as well as any other. , /' This matter decided on all ihroe'at once retired to rest, for their fatigue had of late been very great and they were cmse> queptly dead tired. ■. Notwithstanding iheir dangerous and most unpleasant position, they soon fell asleep, ahd < *thoir slumbers would doubtless have continued until morning.but for the weird horrors and the’ lamentable clnpter of accidents that were destined to ensue. Two hours might have elapsed' when Cameron of Stranraer was awakened by a sudden and an awful cry, coming evi dently from tne inner nom that was occupied by his wife, into which, as he was fully dressed,; be at once Pushed,' with the result that lie beheld her stand ing in the centre of the empty chamber, trembling from head to foot, and her eyes filled with a strange expression of mingled horror and terror. ' -The moon, wb'ch by this time had got rebind to the back of the bid house, leav ing the front in deep darkness, shone, through the -dirt grimed window with sufficient power to slipw him all this, causing him to exclaim : * Gracious heaven, what is the.mailer 1’ 1 A dream'~oh, a.terrible dream—but, thank God, nothing "more,’ she gasped, lopkingaround her like a startled fawn the while j and then, with a half-grpan she sank to the floor in a swoon. .Stranraer con Id not tel 1 what to think, in turn around the room,but it was'quite empty, and there was no way intojt but.through his own, the door of which ,he knew that lie had locked'on the in side,. - ■ ‘ It must haye bcen.a dream, indeed it codld’not possibly have been anything else/'the chief therefore reflected to him self, and having come, to this, conclusion his "second' thought was how to restore Bose to consciousness. ■» But when* ho. had hpclt. -down and raised'her head upon . bis: lap, lie was suddenly puzzled what to do nex{, for neither water or burnt feathers wore at blind. ' , . . ft struck him all at once,^hpwover, thdt" she was laced, very, tightly, and, haying read or beard somewhere or other that such a condition of . things was dangerous to anyone in a faint, ho at once undid the front of her dress, and with clumsy "because unaccustomed fingers soon managed to remedy at all events that .fault. . Yes, her respirations were certainly leas labored, for. her lungs had now free- play as-.the"y'regular heaving 'of her chest sufficiently testified, and Stranraer came to' thei eqaejusion.that time was all that was now, required to bring 'her to her self.,’ '■ :• Lat in (bp meantime a -curly lock of bright phostnui hair had become revealed which had been enclosed in'that mpstlair and sweet bosom ever einod the evening when Bose had thought for- her parents’ sskes she would marry Sir Barry Hpwortb. on the roorjrow, a- fate - from, which she bad been saved by Bath's dire necessities rendering her.ohly too willing tp, take, her place, as the reader will doubtless well remember. * No sponpr did'Stranraer’s gaze rest on the ‘curl ' than he knew to, whom it belonged^—'to whom it/ alone could belong -r-andj possessed of the. knowledge, he lowered his wife's head; geiiily down, aud then he rose to his fept. - ; • Crossing over fo the window lie looked diit of it with the expression of a man who has been half-stunned by a -heavy tries to . and’ yet can't at all \- c Jf^y^2ffiP*l®hP D d what has-lately; • be oh or* is still happening, . This did no*, however, continue' for more than a minute, two, for then Stranraer rccdvofVd ' hu faculties and mattered to himself;— 1 What noble —.-what disinterested 'conduct theyboth’ her as bo. does' this Leigh* not only’-fought by my side and .in my behalf;, ' hut even, ran his hcoViotb ah halWr-: Ih order.; to ihy ; . life;; Iwhilo bh>as her—hiis done fully as much, if hof considering that^ than a-girl. ’| * ■ Ho oast a glance that was certainly ono pf intense and despairing love (despite, his still thoroughly bklieyed in allegiance; to the dead), upon the exquisitely loving 1 faco ahd lotto that lay upon the bare floor .jnstJn front of him, and then continued to. meditate;'still half-aload : ... > * BuTt shall I bo selfish enough to permit of such a heroic self-sacrifice on either of their parts ? No/ahupdred limes no; I servi d her,' in a way, by waking her my wife, but ! shall 1 serve her a hundred times better by making her my ;widow«—now—aye- now thatTanronly a peril instead of Uv protection tp her, and SojbWII alsoiulhLroy/ v * - - , /■'< gating come to this: conclusion;:* and decision, Stranraer drew from bis . pocket a memorandum book and wrote os follow's on one of the blank pages: - >, ‘ My destiny propels mo forward, I Cannot dhpose but go. No one'cua resist "Ibe inevitable, tt is’ my dying desire that my ,wife in name, but whom I bate eveir regarded and treated as a 1 dear r and beloved sister, shall marry him whp pi feel assured is well worthy, of her, as ’soon .as> the.law has made her ray widow. My chief comfort during the'past liour of ray existence will be ray belief that such a mnion will 1 shortly bo consummated, for then I shall not hove laid down my, life in vain. Yet another thing,,let there be no more hiding, for with my department: will be no longer nced&d.; My' life is justly forfeited, so in. heaven’s' name let my shoulders bear (ho burden of others ns well os ray own,'especially as the .journey is now ,so short a one. Lancelot Leigh did nob kill the Hanoverian soldi r. I did it! He furthermore,served me, and assisted me, b. Having me , the while not to bn a traitpr whohad taken up arms against the reigning ■ dynasty, but an ortunate and innocent gentleman who had bten wrongly credited with doing so. I shall avow both these things .when I reach and surrender ’ myself up .at that grim Tower by the Thames which has for so long a while been marked in the Book of Fate as the termination of ray life’s pi'grimage. So onpKraore farewell, and may heaven reward you for your great and l joint goodness to me. Aye both in the present and jn the future, as it only can.— Stranraer.* - The foregoing entirely filled the little page, which Cameron .now tore out of the book, and for a moment or two' ‘stood as though wondering what lie should do with it. • ; He dared nob aMow himself much time wherein to determine, however, for Rose was by now beginning to most unmistakeable signs (or at all' events he thought so) of returning consciousness. . He therefore quickly restored tbe glossy chestnut curl to its original re pository, in order that she might never imagine that the sight of it had influenced his actions, and th-n fastening up tbe front of her .dress much more dcftly-than he had undone it,because he was now filled with no painful apprehensions on her behalf, the accidental scratching of his fingers with her co lar pin during the process suggested to him that it would afford an excellent method of attaching that which he bad written to her skirt, and he forth* with did it in a way that it was almost certain to arrest her attention when reason, or at the latest when daylight returned ; after which he raised her hand to Uis lips, kissed it, and then stole noise lessly out of the room. In five minutes more he had crept just as silently out of the house, and within an hour he had left even 'Rochdale far" behind him, and was pressing steadily towards Loudon. ;. CHAPTER LXIX. While the noble-hearted and chivalrous minted Highland chieftain was chi erfully .sacriticing . himself in order to promote the fancied happiness of the woman who, all. unsuspected by him, had grown to regard him with a far intenser affection than she had ever felt for Lancelot Leigh, whose lock of hair she had of late only retained because she had thought it would savour of the blackest’ingratitude to throw it away .while ho was rendering to both her husband and herself such great, uosel. fish, and essential services’ Sir Harry Hpwarlh was wandering hither and thither all over Orsterton and Rochdale, more like a demented man than a sane one, and frequently haying* recourse even to drink in order to deaden the torture' of the worm that was gnawing at bis heart. ! It was a very late hour, when with' a; somewhat unsteady. g>it,and in the devil’s own temper be returned to his new resi dence ht Lisbon Hall. Here he found an individual waiting to see him who appeared to be in-as excit able and impatient condition* as'himself, and who greeted himwiih: ‘ Oh, Sir Harry, I’ve found her. I’ve spied her at all events, and would swear to her among a thousand, aye, that would L* 1 Who are you talking about?’ wttiled the baronet. ‘Can’t you say more than her and she, idiot ?’ ‘Of course I can, Sir Hany, and equally of course, 1 mean your good precious lady,’ was the half-frightened re tort. ‘ And where, is she? In heaven’s name whereiits t fhe?’ exclaimed the baronet, now trembling with agitation in every limb. , ‘ Aye, Sir Harry,, that’s telling, and, if I must out with it. I’m thinking, of the thousand pounds as will as of the lady,’ answered tbe caller with a cunning leer. 1 You suspicious scoundrel, do you dare even to think that I would attempt to cheat you out of so insignificant a sum under any circumstances whatever!’ re torted Sir Harry. ‘lnsignificant sum! One—thousand —pounds—sterling! Ob lor 1’ was all*that his caller could now gasp out. ‘ I’m gl-id that you’ve so exalted an opinion of the said the baronet, with a smile'that the astounded look of bis visitor called forth/as much as his words. . f And,’ he added quickly, ‘l' hope that you’ll win it, and that it’ll do you mUcb good. Yes, I.hope that youfll- win it, and that quickly, for there’s onother on the scent, who I would much less wil lingly pay tho money to, and that because I still more than r half believe him to bo the .scoundrel who abducted iny wife by force,’ ‘Oood gracious, if be stole her a\vay he will know whero to find her.* . ‘Which is one reason why # I want you to do so with all the speed possible.’ ‘Ob, Sir Harry. Yes, Sir Harry. But’ what if I should find this other scoundrel —this only scoundrel I mean—there—on the spot—in the house—and—end—and; he were to kill me, and so .deprive me of 1 all chance of even sharing tbo reward? Qb, lord; what should Idp then ?- I’m only a' lebfchor ©nd n’ot a hero. I; declare that the bare idea makes my ,blood curdle.’ \ ‘ You'd better, take me with you, and tlje.a you need entertain yery little appro- • bension of sustajjiing any injury: 1 ■ ' | } "j : ‘ Oh; Sir Harry, dome along dp, YouVo- Hfted a groat , from off my .But of coarse, the amount of the reward* won’t be diminished, eb ? That wpuld be very unfair—-I mean very disappointing you know.*.-; * : / , ; ,; :'‘Tho. iroward- shan’t be lessoned by a pinglo.farthmg, and shall paid you ore tho day is OUtA : , ‘-To day, that moans, Sir Harry. Eh; of course, it should mean to- day.-r-fot see, it is just two o’clock in the morning. But; ; dear mo, what if this scoundrel who you; named should kill .you mstead of me ? Oh, lor,, como to. think of it that would be almost as unfortunate, for who should I ihaye to.look to then for tho thouaand pounds 1- I vow that the bare:idea makes' me .perspire.’; • - v . :■/ ’-He.-u, going lakill me,, never fear;’ ‘ But. I- da' fear,- for ■. youf' honors : executors might refuse' to pay me the. sum,’ % ‘ Get along with you, for you’re so' full of doubts r and fears that I’ll after all pin my trust on the other scoundrel, who,-! .feel convinced, will bring me’ my, wife b‘e«. ' fore break fas time.* ' - ~ ' ‘ That settles the nialter, Sir Harry, for I can restore her to you within half an hour, and as I’m ready to do it I con sider that I’ve a prior claim to the reward, aye, and I’d submit that claim to a legal tribunal if you were to favpjr-the other scoundrel. I mean the sooundrel— for i call myself an honest roan—in pre« feronce to mo.’ * ‘X don’t wont to do. so if I can but get you to move your stumps with half the rapidity that you’re moving your tongue.’ ' ‘No more, Sir Harry. I ran. I fly. Bub for' goodness sake fly equally quick and ; bring the very, longest sword - that you possess with you,.for he may be bhnire you know, end what’s more I believe that He. was there when I saw her,.for I’m almost certain, that I caught sight of a man, standing just behind her, 'with “his hand upon her shoulder.’ . • ‘ His hand. upon; her shoulder. S’deatb,;, had I l’d l’and . Would - have lopped it off ut the wrist for him; But where was it that you saw this 1* roared the baronet. * Aye, Sir Harry,, as I remarked before, that’s telling. 1 ‘Why, you idiot, since I’m on'the point of accompanying you to the place, I must presently discover all, so where and when was it, I repeat T 1 Sure, and it was just inside one pit the upper windows of the old haunted nunnery, as we were boating the boun daries, np Ghost Lane. 1 was in the pro cession you must know, and I looked the old house all over while some of us. were replacing a fallen anligoment stone, and in loss .than a minute was as sure as my life that I saw'all that I’ve just said that I saw,.for I’ve been a humble admirer of the beautiful twins, as people generally call ’em, ever since th*y were children, and as Miss Rose has gone to Scotland— and may heaven protect her there—who else could I have seen but her sister and your honor’s lady in one V 1 Who else indeed ? And—curse the fellow—he dared to stand with his hand upon her shoulder did be V ‘I don’t know that he stood so, though that he laid it there I could almost swear. Don’t you see, sir, be' may have but seized hold of her in order to draw her back from the window, fearing that she might bo seen by someone if she stood there any longer. If so his apprehensions were well founded. 1 ‘ But I also seem to see that if she had been as anxious to or capo as she should have been, she would have smashed the glass of the window with her clenched Get, aye, even at the cost of a cut hand and arm, during the brief minute that she wad there, end so have attracted the attention of those who were at the time passing in such numbers, by her screams for assistance.’ ‘ Oh, but my dear good Sir Harry, she may not have been aware that anyone was passing, for there’s a goodish strip of meadow between the old house and the lane, and while the moon was sinning full on (he house, or at all events on that side of it, the lane was left in deep shadow, all the more so because its hedges a-e so high. Thoivagftin, even if sho could, h »vo seen us, Which I can hardly be lieve to be possible, sho may have known that the villain would have shot or stabbed her if she had screamed out, and delicate females are never: so courageous as us' men. The,gifts of nature arc distributed in various ways, and' valor is given to eiir sex and beauty lo the,, opposite one, .don’t, you son,; Sir Harry?’ ; ' The baronet made no reply to this speech, unless a curt 1 Come ; along !’ may be regarded os one. His actions, , however, were quite as explana'ory at his words, for be iramedi tely put on his bat, and strode out of i the room and down the stairs, his paunchy little interviewer, whose name was Josiah Tobyn, following Jiim nervously in the dark as best he could. • . . The baronet took no further notice of him until they, had gone half way down whnt is, now Drake Street, though it was not then much more thin a third of the length that it is at present, when he asked abruptly : ‘How aro wo to get into the place without creating an alarm, an Inputting its posstble inmaios upon their guard 1’ ‘ Jim Nuttall, the pinner-up at Pinfold, has the keys of the house,’ answered Josiah. ‘ Good,’ replied Sir Harry, 1 1 know him and heme, and in five minutes wo shall be almost passing his door. I’ll give him a waking up, for perhaps it’ll be an easier matter for me to persuade him to part with the keys for awhile than for you,’ Tobyn assented lo this, so when they reached the point of their journey where a short lane branched off and led up to the pinm r’aand two or three other cottages as well, Sir Harry went up (bit alone, and the next minute was thundering 1 with tlie pommel of bis sword at the pinner’s door. It took some time to wake the pinner up, however, and longer still to make him clearly understand what was required of him. ‘ The'keys of the old Nunnery forsooth? Lord sake, what would you bo doing with them, Sir Harry, at such an unearthly hour of the night ?’ bo at length enquired, with his red night capped head thrust out of an upper window. ‘ Never you mind' what I intended to do there. I shan’t, injure the house,, and that’s all that yon, its caretaker, need feel anxious about. I offer you a guinea for the loan of the front door key for half, ah hour, or at most an hour, and promise, to leave everything asT find it, and .return you the key as soon as done with ; so no more questioning, my 1 man, for jny patience seems to be a deaL shorter than your tongue,’ Was the baronet’s reply. But the pinner retorted ; ' : .‘iLorjus’ o’ me, Sir Harry, have ye taken ! oonsider’' , manner o’ i'M'hg.ypn arb bent bn doing : ? ’Tib said, aye, .and known as- wellj ’ thab the most awful beings; 'sbiiie of ’etn ’the shape os 1 ’ , ‘•Silohco, ' prater;’" the baronet in "and \|}irioug t,ono dnd; jnapner, should I’ meet anything,in the shape of mortal man I' my sword,. shall bo 'through Him 'in a. twinkling. Throw me the key without another word, and, .in that case, I Will toss up a couple of guineas instead of one, jbpfppsn your.;.9ba'bh;-.:a^«fDpQnd'', i’ll \ at ■'dnoe > aiyptj.^ff, ; or bbhorget ioto the House without your koyi* . This speech and bhroat had the desired effect, for tlielcoy was immediately forth-. oommg, and when Sir Harry badoanght it he fchrowuptho two promised .'gold coins In burn, and thon hurried oft to res' >jom Tobyn, when they continued tlisir onward v 1 of reached ;tnd>'^gdmb'r$ < melancholy : qrdi^ 'come to mVadb. “? ‘ wiftfdriir an‘y'' difficulty ■.: V V. '■ '■ il V; . ' making their way into its interior, they -noiselessly closed.but did not secure the front door behind them. \ CHAPTER LXX, Lancolot Leigh slepb so soundly in bis selecfced olidmber on the ground floor that ho heard peitber Hose’s shriek and fall nor Stranraer’s subsequent departure from :the house Unfortunately for himself, however, he did, an hour later,hear someone evidently tampering cautiously with the front door, and upon raising himself upon his elbow to listen, he, became aware that two persons had stealthily entered the house, dosing the door behind them. Of course, all this could convey to him but one thought and one feeling, which. WAs.tho biding place .of himself and his Companions had somehow or other been discovered, and that someone had surreptitippsly broken.in to capture and arrests them for the sake of the heavy rewards that were offered for their ap«, . ,7 ' Hia iramediate deoisioa.was to resist to the death, if driven ; to such a'course' hb the sole alternative.of surrender, but to first quito sure that so desperate a resource was necessary. . j He even made up bis mind to settle Scores with the two intruders without calling on Stranraer (who he naturally believed to be asleep upstairs) for assist ance, so that all responsibility for -the asfcipn should fall on himself should its perpetration be discovered; which, how*, bver, in that old mansion, with its many hiding places, he flattered himself might never be the case. All these thoughts and resolves passed through his mind in a quarter of the time, that it has taken us to describe them, and even during their progress bo had crept out of the room into the, if possible, still darker pas'agp, for it will be remembered that the moon had long ago quitted the front of the house for the back. Here he shrank up against the wall, and, with a hand upon the stock of the pistol that was in the breast pocket of his coat, tried to penetrate the almost opaque darkness that interposed between his own standpoint and tho front door. Bis eyes wore of little service at first, but his ears were, for he cou ! d clearly distinguish the slowly and carefully planted footsteps of the invaders, who wore evidently bent upon taking the occupants by surprise. The most likely plan of success, ho knew then would be to shoot the one and hurl himself upon the other, using his discharged pistol as a weapon, without any warning whatever, when in all probability he would snatch a victory through tiking them completely by sur prise. But he was too squeamish to adopt such a course, for it savored too much of treacherous assassination in bis oyes. Hardly,- however, had he begun to rack bis brain for another plan when theie was n pause in (he advance, and a voice demanded in a harsh whisper out of theg’oqm:,. * Who’s that? I can see you. Are you Greenwood ?’ ‘.Yes,’ responded Lancelot in the same cautious manner, thinking the while that the.ihdividual named must be an expected confederate of- the other two; and that by owning to the name ho should per* chance get ut pi.eqat tho motive of their visit, and perhaps bo supplied with a cue to throw them off their guard as well. , ■But hardly'had the word escaped his l?pi when it was capped too with the hUscd out opiiheb * Villian !’ and with it came the glint of steel— \, rush and a three, so , rapidly executed that Leigh was : run through tho/body before he could oven pull his pistol forth. ‘'l.iar a'.d scoundrel !’ exclaimed Sir Hany Howarth, all whoso o'cl and unjust suspicions of liis wife, had been re awaken-d and intensift and by what Tobyn bad told him ho hud witnessed at the upper window of the haunted nunnery, and whoso brain and blood the quantity of wine and spirits which ho had drunk during the evoi ing had heated and ex cited s until he was scare ly accountable for his uctiors; ' Liar and scon drel V ho repeated in accents of vindictive hate and triumph, 'so you would first wron", then befool, and last of all rob in-, would you ? But I have given you your quittance ih fall now, and your lifo-blood is a sufficient receipt,’ Ho might hive gone on in his strain ad infinitum, qui'e unconscious of the fact that Josiah Tubyn had deserted him, and escaped out of the house at the sign of a row, for tho groans of hi-* victim ■were to the baronet the, sweetest of all comments upon his own observation had nob, at this j uncture, a light appeared at the stair-head, homo by one who at the fiiat upward glance he recognised, or thought.ho recognised, as his wife, and -whose evidently free power to move about as sho like and wi thin .tho houso served to confirm all that in-his drink, and excite* raent created madness ho had previously believed.- . ' Madam,’said he,, with.. an ironical bow, 'behold Faust upon his foot; and Mephistopheles upou What think ye now' of the game that youi have played together? : Though you | Imve freely staked your honor, it strikes mo that I have nevertheless succeeded in scor ing tho odd trick.’ But at this point ho lowered his gaze in order, to gloat over the physical sufferings of tho man who ho hod laid low, and started back with an expression of consternation upon discovering that his victim was nob Haloaraus Greenwood after all. At tho saine instant there came upon him another surprise, for the front door was suddenly harst open and in through it. came rushing o crowd of men, tho foremost' of whom was vociferating wildly. bGentlqraon, I call upon you all to hoar witness that I’m no murderer, so don’t, oli don’t suffer mo to bo haihgod. Directly I discovored that there was liko to bo bloodshed 1/ jstorted off to summon as sistance to prevent it, so, if w r e find any body killed, and, Ob, lud, there is some* body killed as I’m a sinner and bleeding liko a bullopk into;the bargain, ta klo the murdoror, friends, and suffer, mo. to get behind you while you are about for I’m a man of poaoo, of peace, and I’ll turn /king’s evidence or anything else in ‘order Id 'save my niiserablo life. Oh, why was I bqrn ? Why Was I born 1’ ( . seemed to oaroiftb'mf: artswor jng tho question ; perhaps, indeed, no> bpby could (lave done k? in at all a phtisfftotbry. mapnor; but, instead, two dr Ihrooof the boldest of ibis last batch of invaders crept up to the baronet and by tho arm from behind, and,' directly/ ho was thus secured, ami rendered incapable of further mischief; ,a ft* voice shouted from the. rqUrward of the p mpany; ; .7. '' ** 7 ,7He told, mo pat and plain tliat^ ( if lie any thing herd ih Cli p liis sNyord fthou(d hd. ,tl»roUgb him in a twinkling. ? Those, wore his -(VS - •; ' very words, after I’d given him the key, not before, mind; but little did I think at the time that he was in earnest. ’ The speaker wore a red night cap—a fact which wo think will be sufficiently explanatory to the reader of his identity. Ho was in fact Jim Nuttal, the pinner. ‘ That makes the crime something more than manslaughter, which is killing a man on the spur of a moment. When the deed is committed of malice prepense, that’s to say of malice aforethought and premeditation, it is wilful murder and nothing else can be made of it,’ said a lawyer’s clerk' who chanced to be pre* sent. young man ain’t dead,’ dis covered and declared someone at this juncture; and this once ascertained to bo the fact, Lancelot Leigh was at once at tended to. But although they tried all they could to get him to speak, ho either could not or would not utter a single word; and although he certainly was alive, that was the utmost that could be said regarding him, for his assailant’s long slim rapier had passed completely through him, and he was bleeding freely from both orifices ; so that his rough tenders set to work to stauch the wounds, the major portion of them believing the while that the task was being attended to too late, MeanwhilhSir Harry Hownrth’ leant against the wall like n man in a dream, j He could not make matters out at all, save that they still looked very black against his wife, and yet more puzzling than black. It was a little prior to this that Rose, awakened by the noise and tumult below, and not finding her husband in the next room into which she had immediately rushed, came to the very natural con clusion that the house had been broken into, and ho and Lancelot Leigh been taken prisoners. Resolved to share her husband’s and their friend’s fate, whatever it might chance to be, she at once ran out,candle in hand, on to the stair head, where, by the light which by this time had been kindled in the passage and hall below, she at ouce perceived the condition that poor Leigh was in, and, never doubting that her husband was in just as woeful a plight, somewhere beyond the range of her view, she, utterly disregarding all that Sir Harry Howarth had said to or rather hurled at her, began to descend the black oak stairs, firmly gripping the bannister rails the while, Inst her trembling limbs should suddenly full to support her. Aroused from bis bittor reveries by the rustle of hor skirts the baronet again looked up, and no sooner did he catch sight of hor afresh than still believing her to be his wife, he exclaimed, pointing the while at the all but unconscious Leigh— •There madam, take another good look at your infernal work, which will be cons sum mated I suppose when your husband is hanged for the deed.’ • My husband killed his best, his truest, his most faithful and devoted friend ? 1 will never believe it. ’Tis too monstrous an assertion altogether,’ was Rose’s indig nant as she continued to descend the staircase, and it may be imagined that such a reply puzzled Sir Harry not a little, more especially as, instead of being overwhelmed with shame and confusion at the last and at his previous utterances, she seemed to bo not in the least affected either by them or his presence there. ‘S’deAth woman,’ ho exclaimed furiously, stepping forward (o the very foot of the stairs and thus directly con fronting her. ‘You ruffle it bravely. Who is this man, and how come you to ho here in his company ? i, at nil events, have a right to damn ml and to enforce an answer to bo’.h these question, und what’s more I intend to do so.’ Rose now for the first timoslarcd fixedly nb the speaker, and, ns a consequence, re cognis'd him who should have been her husband, but who, through an act of fraud, was her sister’s instead. She perceived also that, owing to the extraordinary likeness between them, he believed that he confronted his wife, and was ciUiog her to a stern account for being where she was. As Lady Stranraer know nothing whatever about the burning of Clegg Hall, and the forcible abduction of her siat r Ruth from its grounds, she was placed in a most awkward position, because any at* tempted explanation which she might give would, wry probably iIF ct more harm than good. It was at this moment that she caught sight of the piece of paper which was pinned to her skirt, and recognising Stranraei’s writing at a glance,it conjoined to the fact of his non-appearance,-created such on »ff ct upon htr that Sir Harry Hownrlh’s accusations and conduct scomocl trifles light as air in comparison. Nevertheless, fearing violence from him, she said to the men who seemed to bo holding him fir too-loos ly for her own safety’s sake :Don’t lot him get at me or ho will do me a hurt. For heaven’s sake grasp him tightly,’ und then she' calmly read what was on the paper by the light of tho candle which she carried in her hand. When she had donolur face grew as white and as rigid as (hat of aco-pse, for she knew that her husbuud had deliberately sacrificed himself for her and for Lancelot Leigh’s fancivd good, and without knowing-or even guessing the far deeper love which she felt for him. ‘ Sho was convinced nlso that ho was gone beyond recall, and that it was too late to in any way defeat hii do idly pur pose—deadly at all events us fur as ho himself was cornu rnecl. . Tortured by those feelings they never theless impelled hor to own straightway who she was, and furthermore to glory iu tho fact; so folding up the scrap of paper sho thrust it into her pocket, and then finishing hor descent of tho stairs sho bowed coldly to Sir Hurry Hownrth,who, bo it remembered, sho had never liked, and who, maddened by her supposed shameless effrontery, was struggling des perately in tho hands of his captors in order to get at her. At tho same time she said-to him— • I am Lady Oumoron of Stranraer, and tho gentlemen you have eo nearly slain ia ray husband’s most chivalrous and devoid friend, whom, under such circumstances, it is my duty and pleasure to wait on and (end as though 110 wore a brother. 1 will bog of some of those good popple to'boar him as quickly and as tenderly (is possible to his father’s house, whither I intend accoroptjhying him,' But'litirdiy bad the words escaped hor lips when tho attorney’s clerk colled put ; —*■ Sho and the wounded man must , belong to the party for whose capture such a big reward is posted up. They ore rebel Jacobites, and are hiding hero. Attend to these two some of you, and the rest follow mo in search of the other one. Egad, wo shall be filling up Rochdale gaol 'if .wo go on much longer at this rale,’ and pushing past Rose ho dashed up the stair case throe stops iafc a time. ' 'be continued.) 