ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH. an impressive ceremony. The ceremony of laying the foundotion stono of a chancel for St. Barnabas' Church, South Bathnrst, was yesterday performed by Lady Darley. Lady Darley, accompanied by Miss Darley and Mr. and Mrs. Whitehead, left ti ? 1 *.4- nUiMif 1 O rt'rtlrtrtlr finr? ocnnrforl X»UniiCU at by the Mounted Rifles under Lieutenant. Alacbattie, with Lieutenant M'Phillamy, proceeded by way of the principal streets to St. Barnabas. Lady Darley and party, on stepping from the carriage at, the entrance to the Church, were met by the Rev. E. H. Lea and the members of the Building Committee. Captain Donstan, A.D.C., was also in attend ance. Rev. E. H-. Lea presented Lady Darley with a handsome silver trowel bearing tho inscription ' Piesented to Lady Darley on the occasion of her lay ing the foundation-stone of the new Obancel of St. Barnabas' Church, South Bathnrst, October 8th, 1895.' Rev. Mr. Lea, on behalf of the Church, thanked Lady Darley for her interest in the work about to be performed, by coming to Bathurst for that purpose. Lady Darley, in reply, expressed re gret for the absence of. the Lieutcnant Govornor and said it gave her great pleasure to be present on that important ocoaBion to lay the foundation Etone of a chancel for St. Barnabas' Church. The party then moved round to the end of the building, where new chancel is being erected. A large concourse of people, numbering about four or fivo hundred, had attended, while the follow ing clergymen were in attendance : The Most Rev. the Primate, Rt. Rev. Dr. Camidge (Bishop of Bathurst), Venerable T. R. 0. Campbell, M; A. V.G. (Arch deacon of Mudgee), Venerable E. Dnn stah, M.A. (Archdeacon of Bathurst), Venerable G. P. Geer (Archdeacon of the Lachlan); Revs. G. S. Oakes (Kelso), F. Tracey (All Saints' College), W. Vaughan Rose (Warren), R. M. Brett (Coonabarabran), H. Sealy-Vidal (Guyong), E. H. Lea (South Bathurst), J. Onyons (Neville). Thero were abo present members lof the Church Council: Messrs. T. Perry, R. Hamblin, A. M'Guinness, F. Crago, A. Lisle, G. Peck, G. Burgess, N. Newman, T. Hick8on, and 0. Middleton. A special and impressive service was conducted by the Bishop, and appropriate hymns were sung, Miss Lislo presiding at the organ. After those assembled had recited the Apostles' Greed, Lady Darley performed tho ceremony of laying tlje foundation stone of the chancel, saying. ' In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this founda tion stone of this extension of St. Bar nabas' Church, in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The foundation stone bears tho follow ing inscription : — A. M. D. G. This stone was laid by Lady Darley, wife of his Excelleney the Lieutenant Governor, October 8tb, 1895. At the conclusion of the ceremony,. The Primate expressed his pleasure, as Metropolitan of the Province and as a brother Bishop, at being present to witness th-5 ceremony of laying the foundation stone for this much needed extension to St. Barnabas' Church, The very thought of extension to a Church was encouraging, whether they considered the increased accom modation afforded, or the spiritual aapeot of the question. Extension was hope for the future of the Church, and an invitation to wider and closer com munion with Him with whom they held special communion at the Lord's Supper. Communion with Chri3t was at the heart of all church vitality ; and what ever their differences of opinion might be, tbey wero all united in the one de sire of winning men to Christ, and pro claiming Him as the only chief corner , stone, the one foundation of His Church. He wished tD impress upon them the peed of sympathetic help in the church in this district. In that busy part of Bathurst they were re minded of the anxieties and cares of the business world, and might he express a wish that their sympathetic help might lead to increased comfort qmd consolation in tho midst of the worry and anxiety of which he had spoken. He allpded to tho promise of spiritual development in the extension of a church like that. Might they be called together in the worship of the Gospel from _ strength given them on high, and in the end might they be brought io the more per fect service and communion in tho Lord. Ho wished them all prosperity and progress by God's grace and bles sing in the church and neighborhood. The Bishop on behalf of the . con gregation and incumbent thanked Lady JDnrley for her kindness in attending on such an important occasion, and ex pressed regret for tho absence of tho Lieutenant Governor. At tho same time they felt that her place had been well and duly filled by his good and kiadly wife. The foundation stone had been d.nly and preperly laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, for if they were to en deavour to build their churches, depend ing entirely on their ,own strength, they would fail. But in tho n?mn of tho Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, if fully realising the mighty fatherhood of the Eternal God, if realising the great com munion of fellowship in the mystical body' of. Christ, if quickeued by the fniphty influence of pod's Holy Spirit, then they made . their churches not or dinary bnildings, but eternal tem- ' pies of God so in Christ. They owed to Lady Darley deep thanks for the interest she hud, by ber visit to Bathurst shown in this work ; and he also expressed his deep sense of gratitude to the Metropolitan for coming here, and speaking such valuable words of advice. Such words strengthened them and made them feel that though they had several and separate fields of duty, they were bound together in the same mystical body of Our Blessed Lord. He trusted that work was but the begin ning of a great and mighty work that was being carried on in the name of tho Father of the Son and of the Holy I Ghost. He had always felt that St. Barnabas occupied an important position in this important city of Bathurst. It was called the Railway Church, and he felt deeply thankful that '^iis friend, Rev. E. H. Lea's, endeavours and manly addresses had been enabled to gather together the men in worship ; for they all knew full woll, it was compara tively *ea3y to get the gentler sex to church, but with the men tho case was different. H« trusted that St. Barnabas would be looked upon as an eminently railway church, and that the railway men would attend in still larger numbers, and keep forward the work which leads to everlasting . life. He again thanked Lady Darley for her attendance, and trusted the Primate's words would sink deep into their hearts and bring forth fruit in the' everlasting life. Rev. E. H. Lea said how deeply in debted he was to the people of South Bathurst for their sympathy and support and thanked the Bishop for his unre mitting efforts ou their behalf. When they needed council or advice, they were always sure of obtaining it from the Bishop. Iu that respect, their experience was the experience of all the clergy throughout the diocese, which, as they khew; was as large as England, Scotland, Ireland, and Waies put to gether, In the name of th^i parishioners and the Parochial Council, who through thick and thin, difficulty and danger, stood by him fightiug the great battle of Christ, he experienced his deep gratitude to one and all. Tho clergy and others taking part in the ceremony then formed an interesting group, and were photographed by Messrs. Bcavis Bros. The plans of the proposed completion of St. Barnabas' Church have been drawn, including two transects, chancel, organ chamber and vestry. The founda tions have been formed for carrying out a portion of the same, viz., one transept and a portion of tho church, thus afford ing additional seating accommodation for 84 persons. The carrying out of the work is in the hands Df Mr. J. J. Cope man, while, Mossrs. Hurford and New ton were the contractors for tho founda tion. At tho conclusion of the ceremony, the amount laid upon the stone was £81 9s 4d, and promises were received to the amount of £88 2s. 