PERSONALITIES. The screw alone of an Atlantic liner costs £4,000. - A. H. Jar vis is 34 years of age, not .38 as previously stated. In Siam coins are made of porcelain; in Japan chiefly of iron. Windsor Castle has been used as a royal residence for 784 years. Only one couple in 11,500 live to celebrate their diamond wedding. Until 40 years ago Japanese were vaccinated on the tip of the nose. Reeves, the Maoriland Minister of Labor, is a poet of no mean order. You can make inferior butter more palatable by mixing a little honey with it. v The field of Waterloo is covered .with a crop of crimson poppies every year. One third of the land of England is owned by members of the House of Lords Mr. W. H. Sowter has returned to • * • the Golden West. They all seem to go back. Many an amusement manager wishes he had to pilot Michael Davitt through Australia. W. J. L. Sinclair and Charles Mann are doing most of the legal business transacted at Coolgardie. Mrs. A^tor, wife of the millionaire who owns the Pall Mall Magazine, has a dinner, set which cost £12,000. The exact height of Napoleon I. is variously stated by biographers as 5 ft. 2 in., 5 ft. 2J in , and 5 ft.*2J in. "Oh!" cried an Adelaide young lady on seeing a portrait of Governor Buxton, " what a * keep off the grass ' face!" Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton need nob have been announced as an " evan gelical " brewer. His shaved upper' lip is quite sufficient. A Fiji missionary writes " The best thing a man.can do in a hurricane is to keep on praying and nailing up diagonal braces." \- The Empress of Austria has hot had her photograph taken for 30 years. She wishes to be remembered as she was, not as she is. Japanese workmen wear, both on their caps and backs, an inscription stating their business and the names of their employers. The foundling discovered at Kingston Terrace, North Adelaide, has been named Dorothy Kingston. No rela tion to the Premier. Parsons complain- that Sunday sacred concerts diminish the atten dances at their churches. Why ? Are they more attractive ? A medical, authority asserts that cold and catarrh are most frequently caused, not by cold, outdoor air, but by warm, impure, indoor air. The Tichborne Claimant has at last confessed that he is Arthur Orfcon. This confession should secure his re engagement at the music halls. The loss to the New York banks by the thefts of their own officers during the past ten years has amounted to within a few pounds of £1,100,000. Mark Twain will leave Vancouver for Australia in August, and he has to be in India in December so as to take advantage of the cool weather. The old Union Bank building is now a W.C.T.U. structure. The ghosts of Bank clerks with " moroing heads " still roam around in search of the water caraffe. The Rev. H. R Haweis has given Miss Amy Roselle's elocutionary powers a great advertisement. Miss Roselle will visit Adelaide shortly with a dramatic company. Miller, of. Hobart, was anxious to win the block of buildings* bearing his name in the Van Diemen's Land B*nk Lottery, but though he took 500 tickets he was not successful. A surgeon on an Atlantic steam-ship line says that in his wide experience he has found women on the whole cooler and more self-possessed than men in cases of disaster at sea. J. Med way Day is a candidate for the Grenfell electorate in the New South Wale* Parliament. The erst while Grenfell Street leader writer remembers Adelaide, you see. Henri Rochefort during his exile in England contributed <£2,000 to the Parisian Poor Fund every year. H. R. is a very charitably disposed fellow, despite his fire-eating proclivities. Fans came from the Eist during the Crusades, being brought back by re turning knights as presents for their friends. A French nobleman brought the first ostrich fan to Paris about 1100. When the football season is in full swing Premier Kingston goes down to the Adelaide O^al with his immense blackthorn stick. A much lighter weapon serves him when cricket is in vogue. The King and Queen of Spain narrowly escaped injury from a falling flagstaff at a bull fight. The knell of bull fighting has now been sounded. Or perhaps th^y will do away with flagstaffs. * The Gladstone people don'c jobject to a lunatic asylum to accommodate 500 patients in their town, but they strongly recent the' insinuation that they would be able locally to fill the institution. The fact that so many women recognised the human head found on the St. Kilda beach, Victoria, as that of their husband^ indicate* that there must be a go >d many wife deserters over the border. The various Returning Officers are hoping that the Government will delay the printing of the new electoral rolls for a month so as to allow those ladies who have not yet given in their names to be properly registered. W. E. Adcock, known as " The Perennial Insolvent," is back in Ade laide from Coolgardie, and it is reported that he intends to bring an action against the Government for £8,000 in respect of certain Northern Territory properties. Right at the back of Auctioneer Melvin's premises is to be seen a banana grove. The plants bear fruit i too. This announcement ought to increase the value of King William Street property. J. B. McNeill, the new Railway Traffic Manager, began his career under the Government as a porter at the Adelaide Railway Station. Mac has a reputation for being able to dp four men's work. Briquettes of Leigh's Creek coal have been successfully made in Ade laide without the assistance of any moisture, and at last an important industry is said to have made a start. Let ns hope so. A. T. Chandler, formerly one of the pr prietors of Quiz, is on a visit to Adelaide from Coolgardie. The Western air has agreed with him wonderfully, and he is going back to the land of gold next week. The Premier is said to have promised both Sir John Colton and J. L. Bonython that the Railway Com missionership should be given to John Hill. Bat Charlie is hardly likely to have so far committed himself. If I were a member of the Hospital Board," said a gentleman lately, " I should resign." " Oh, we know what we are doing," replied a medical man who sits on the Board. There are wheels within wheels evidently. Frederick Villiers, the celebrated war artist, who has been an immense success in Sidney, will be in Adelaide about the mi Id e of next month. He ought to appear on the platform in full war correspondent's costume. Interviewer B lath way t does not agree with Max O'Rdl on the subject of Australian drunkenness. On two Bmk holidays he never saw a drunken man, and our street behavior is "superior to that of the old country." Mark T wain says that there is a syndicate of doctors at foreign health resorts.' When they get hold of a good patient they pass him from one place to another until every physician in the combination gets his share of the victims wealth. One of our oldest brokers—a unit of the L-B.D—applauded Michael Davitt when he spoke of the abolition of the House of Lords. Another broker, also one of the above-named combination, cheered everything said in favor of Tory leader Balfour. It was discovered at the roll call of inmates of a union near Liverpool that one worn in had pawned a cork leg for 4s. As the Board had paid £8 for the limb they were very wroth, but the lady guardians/sent out and redeemed the missing member for is. 4d. Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton con sidered it his "duty" to accept the Governorship of South Australia. He will also believe it to be his duty to accept a peerage when the British Government offer it to him, as they^ will assuredly do. This is also a " duty " on their part. Dr. W. G. Grace has now made a hundred centurips at cricket. His rival, George Giffen, will this afternoon receive four centuries of sovereigns from his admirers, and by the,time he is Grace's age may have as many hundreds of hundreds of runs as the English champion. The "Rev. Haskett Smith heard Michael Davitt's first lecture, and * alternately smiled or stifled yawns. He was sitting in solitary splendor until a sharebroker took compassion on him and shifted his seat, in so doing nearly causing disaster to the cleric's glossy belltopper. Hospital Board wants to pat up blinds in one of the wards. Owen Smyth, Autocrat of Public Buildings, refuses his consent, whereupon the Board metaphorically tell him to go and hang himself. The blinds will be fixed and pulled down until none of the material is left. The whole pro ceedings are reminiscent of a children's game. Mr. James Ashton, the well-known artist, writing on the " Prinz Regent Luitpold, Arabian Sea, April 23," says, "I ran second in an egg and spoon race, Mr. Richardson, of Norwood, being first. Eleven starters. Good old Norwood !" Jimmy appears to be having a real good time. He cele brated his 35th birthday $t sea on April 4—in nis bunk; rough weather. Raymond B lath way t, the English interviewer, wisely decided not to lecture in Adelaide. The reputation of his crook Johnnie stick and his " haw" had preceded him. To do B lath way t justice he did not come to Australia to lecture, but in an evil moment he was prevailed upon by Rector R. S. Smythe to mount the platform, and the results were dis- • astrous. Frank Bartels, whose death was announced on Saturday after a brief illness, was only 28 years of age. He gave promise of taking high rank in / the world of art, his etchings being remarkable for their excellence. At the time of his death young Bartels had in hand no less than seven ad dresses, in the execution of which class of work he was generally regarded as facile princeps. Bartels was widely known and very popular. m 