LATEST TELEGRAMS. \--.. _..?.? (rsOM OUR CORR!ESrONiDENTS.) MJELBOURnc, Thursday night. Win. Sewell (watchman in charge of Abra han?i Bros'. shop for the sheriff) who was arrested yesterday on a charge of stealing nns from the premises haI s clmuoitted suicide. ie was bailed'out last night and returned to his home at Collingwond. Early this umornling hi scribbled a hasty note to his wife and pinned it to the bathrooni door. He entered the bathroom and there blew his braini out with a revolver. The note "is not fully'deci pherable, but it seems to state that the two guns found in his house wore not stolen. At four o'clock this morning Constable Edward Coughlin, whilst on duty at Glehferrie road, Hawthorn, was attacked by a man who battered him about the head with an iron bar and inflicted severe injuries. It appears that the constable and his assailant struggled for some time. Later in the day a well- known criminal named George Patterson was ar- rested and identified by Coughlin. James Butler, also well known to the police, was arrested for being concerned in the affair. It is supposed that the accused men intended committing a burglary in Hawthorn. Samuel Isaacs, who pleaded nost guilty at the Criminal Court to-day to a charge of the robbery of jewellery fronm the shop of Abra ham Smith, apawnbroker, was put back for trial. The accused is a well-known billiard ealoon proprietor. . The Public Service Board commenced an in quiry today in reference to J.Bolger a .Ith class officer in the Public Works Department,who is charged with removing the inspector's diaries from the strong room of the department in April, 1893. Sydney Errmgton, who was arrested en sus plcion of being concerned in the:'snburban ghost scare, was to-day discharged; by the Prahran bench. Gtod 'rogress in driving operations at the MtcEvoy mine at' Eldorado haw been made. The rescue party expect to reach Kueet one's body to-morrow. . • Tenders for the conveyance of Victorian pr') duce to English markets closed in London last night. The Minister of Agricltsire is await. ting a cable from the Agent-Genoral. Ten der here will closeto-morrow. 'The whole of the offers eill be taken into consideration by the Cabinet neat week. A deputation front the Typoigrahicnl So. ciety saw the Minister of Customs and urged him t? impoi e a tax on cheap imported: pub lications. The Minister's reply was sym. ltlhetie and he promisred that if anything practical could be dons he would urge his col. leagnies todo it. tenry Eplin, licensee of the Royal "George Hotel, North eMelbourne, reported to the police that at live o'clock this morning he heard a noise. le raised "the wsindowr, wlhns someone fired and smashed the glass into frag ments. He saw a man droessed in dark clotlhe running away. A meeting of tihe creditora of tIhe Standard Ianik to-day'adopted theischemn providing that interest be aid at the rate of 23 per cent. front the 11th ieb nmry, 18i5, Ihalf-yearly, on and after the 11th inst. "Among-new insolvents are two railway .eii ployees, the cause being Isaving to pay heivy interest n I?orrowed iineiy. Thu'Minister. i clharge' of6 village' settle' noents goes to Eehulism to- mnorroi, aec mlniiied by Messrs. Webb an, l A'V. Whltu i M.L.A. is orderto inspect the settlement there, oin which 84 settlers are locatcd. - The Customs revenue for.ly su-as LII ii' more than for the curreslpoudin month of last The annual mieeting of licensed victuallers t, day viewed the reduced spirit duties witlflsati? faction, meaintainiing that time public would get Sbetter article and tlhat the revenuowold in crease.evenu The Aenbly toi~day disposed ,of ti lber, tsvine, witchlCs, whipis, wooden ware and carriages. "Istbn chaises, dog carts, gigs tillhbtry+ anmd other twunwlmceled' 'vehcles son springs or thlirougls braces" wer' fixed tit' £8 each by the casting vote of the chairman., Tih Government will agree to a reduction'd f1l when the report conies up. The ?Ionuo r-os at 5.45 p.m. 