DR, PARKER AND THE POPE. ? 0 Dr. Joseph Parker has addressed the following answer to the Pope in reply to the recent letter of his Holiness ' The City Temple, London, Oct. 9. ' Holy Father, — As your moat gracious letter to the Deonle of Eneland dennlv touched my heart and drew forth my best feelings towards your Holiness, this must be my reason for -attempting the otherwise presumptuous task of endeavor ing to make some personal reply to your gracious overtures. As to its dignity, its spiritual fervor, and its pastoral solicitude, the letter cannot but be re garded as in every aspect worthy of the illustrious Pontiff of the Roman Church. In the name of God Almighty and His only Son Christ Jesus, whom wo in com mon humility adore and strive, though in extremest weakness, to serve, I ask to be permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral so strong in large- minded desire and so tender in simple and affecting pathos. ' Your Holiness will not disdain the approach of a solitary Protestant pastor, working within the lines of English Nonconformity, who adores the Incarnate Son of God as the Eternal and Only Head of the Church redeemed by His most precious blood and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation under heaven. ' If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrious learning and still more illustrious piety, and to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splendor, I know not to : whom I could more unreservedly offer my humble tribute than to your Holiness. But wifen I am asked to . satisfy an infinitely larger responsibility and to express an infinitely deeper faith, I turn to the living Lord of the Church who permits me, by the unspeakable con descension of His grace, to commune with him in penitence and lowliness of heart. I know no Head of the Church but the cruicified and ascended Christ. I know no real 'and lasting union but the indwelling of the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with the Father and Son. I obey no authority but the Word and Rule of Him qui est imago Dei invisibilis primogenitus omnis creaturae ipse est ante omnes, et omnia in ipso constant. ' Holy Father, if this were a merely per sonal matter, I could bardlv for^ivo myself for seeking to approach a presence so august and venerable, but, inasmuch as you have appealed to all sections of the English people upon questions which affect the very standing of the soul before God, I have emboldened myself to bear witness to the Headship of the Blessed Christ and to decline communion with any man or any Church that would officially or presoriptively come between me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with, presumption in assuring your Holiness that this is substantially the position of all Protestant English Christians. ' It has been my most solicitous desire to express myself in terms of reveientul courtesy towards the personal dignity of your Holiness, and, if possible, my still imenser aesire to mans it clear that Protestantism is neither a prejudice nor a whim, but a deep and unchangeable expression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards at the will of the Triune God. _ ' I pray yon Holy Father, not to des pite me as a heretic, but to regard me as one who daily desires to know and exemplify tho truth as it is in Jesus. us i wish to appear before your Holiness in my true colors, it may be right that I should add that tho Archbishop of Canterbury would dis allow the validity of my ' orders ' as distinctly as yonr Holiness would scep tically regard the Archbishop's preten sions.— With all personal homage, your Holiness's humble servant, Joseph Parker.' 