Notes and Notions By "Yf abhor." Like the Christmas pantomime, here we are again with our big racing carnival. The Victoria Racing Clnb open tbeir Spring meeting on Saturday with the Trial Stakes, in which Mamsa (a chest- nut gelding, brother to tbe Melbourne Cup hero, Malvolio), Tbe Heroine, Senes chal, and Cabin Boy will play a promi nent part. If but half the 28 nomina tions in the Melbourne Stakes face Mr. George Watson, the event will cause un doubted interest, for by it a line will be found to guide punters towards tbe prospects of candidates engaged in tbe Melbourne Cup and other important races set down for discussion in tbe V.R.C. programme. Last year, my readers will remember, RuenaH carried his colors to the front, and was seen home by bis elder brother. Patron, who subsequently reversed tbe order of busi ness by romping home with the Mel bourne Cup. Hopscotch's failure in the Caulfield big handicap I consider a flake, and it hsB not lowered him- in my estimation one iota. Up to the present tbe Maribyrnong Plate has been carried off by eleven ladies against twelve won by gentlemen. In 1880 the Plate honors were divided be tween tbe sexes— Welcome Jack and Lavinia finishing together for first place. Of the forty Melbourne Derbye but seven have been oarried off by tbe fair sex ; nevertheless the chances of Auraria look charming, as she is moving well in her work, and fit enough to race for a man's life. The following colonies should be represented this year in tbe Maribyrnong Plate by trainers or owners Victoria. New South WaIcb. South Australia. The Officer Le Var Thunder Qooen Nnu-hftfcn Coll Areola The Brljrht Eyes ArikI Hebron WoouW<M»g Tire Iluiniucr Eobold Among the 98 subscribers to the Vic toria Derby not above a dozen have the ghost of a show, and this number oan be limited to the following, who, in- all probability, will see tbe post on Saturday afternoon Tictorio. New South Wales, South Australia. Wallace Waterfall Auraria Challenger Crctue H'Or Onward Toreador Acton. Peculator Mr. James Mooaghan carried off tbe doable — Coolangstts Stakes and Widdsn Stakes — at tbe A.J.C. October meeting i on Saturday. To tbe first event Valiant < carried Monaghan'e colors in front of Bncclengb, Glen U !Hn, Buugebsh,-and five others, and in tbe mile and a qnarter race beat Cartridge, Nobleman, Anna- donr, Triton, and Acmeua. Tbere iB not mncb time to lose so Valiant is coming over to-day to fulfil bisV.B.C. engage ments. Be has been handicapped in the Melbourne Cap at Tat lib, which should suit the throe-year-old eon of Antons. After appropriating tbe Bewhurst Plate at Newmarket, on Thursday last, Mr. Leopold de Bothscbild can, with safety, fay claim to possessing in the St. Simon — iB&bel; brown colt, St. Frosqnin, the greatest two-year-old in tbe United Kingdom. This month St. Frnsqnin has covered himself with glory by winning the Middle Park Plate (10th October) and Dewhurst Plate, and second to Tenfel in tbe 5000 sovs. Imperial Produce Stakes (4th October). No donbt Mr. Leopold de Bothsehild's youngster will bead tbe liat of -winning two-year-olds this season with five victories of the valne of £8000. At present St. Simon is tbe emperor of stallions in England and tbe Continent, St. Frosqnin'a wins, bringing tbe progeny of St. Simon up to a total of something like £82,000. Paris III. has so far missed five en gagements in England, tbe Cambridge shire owing to the death of tha Marquis of Waterford, brother of Lord William Bareeford. I have been welting to see how the major would deal with Mra, (Havilah) H. C. White's aged gelding in tbe Liverpool Cnp, a distance of one mile and three fnrlungs. Paris has been allotted Sat 61b, a weight whioh will enit him to a nicety in the class of cattle be will battle with. The Liverpool Gup comes off on Friday week, the 6th No vember. Paris' whereabout, is no longer a secret. He bsa for some months part been in B. Marsh's stable at Newmarket. This trainer prepared Florizal II., Re minder, and Cnrzon for the Ccsare witch and Cambridgeshire, and, consequently, Lord William Beresford had a good line to go on when he backed Paris in. i)seing"bxms of the -iBt. Albura ordermnitohegnaintjsinedyn ttie Atrs- tralianoolonies, onr leading racing dobs— . Mt&£3t3J04 "New iMgUim'.'Tiill better inaugurate >mces of theMiddls 'Fark Plate and t Kcmpton Park Imperial ; Trodaoe Stakes pattern for lfroryearolde," Eaoh of ithese tans cpramatids atUntion, the latter . hieing yjfo>,dt.„' I ,hare belere me th, "Isetidqa Sportsman, V winch reports fte ieiuntionaV prices obtained for yearlings at the Ssnaaster September -sales. Sir Tatton Bykos, for a lot of eight; received nearly 17,000 guineas, or an average of 18S0 gnioeas. JPlaisanterie, hy Wei- lingtoma ont of Poetess, bred hy Count Danger, one of the most successful racing lafliea of her day in France, is, no donbt, the tramp card -of -Bledmere. Her first produce by St. Simon was bonght by Mr. ,Maplp<Qlnldwiok) far flOOO -guineas, and Flatten terie'e seoond -foal, ' Raconteur, '8000 guineas, and third foal 2000 guinea.. Here re a mare who was pieked np as a yearling 'for abont £83 foaling three youngsters fetching" 11,000 guineas. Frrday, 6th November, fothe afternoon set Opart for the holding of the 200 sov.' Wiliiamstown Onp (one m3e and three. 'quarters). "Weights -were issued yester day for this event. Devon, who ran second to Taranaki last year; beads the list with Oat Alb, Mr. Miller's Preston (Ikt 181b), "Brain (8st 121b), Erl King and New. man (8et 111b) coming next. Taranaki has beeniet off with the aamehandicap'asOhu. terman (7st 181b), whilst Dnlr allow, Lord Richmond and Royal Master are together en the 7et 61b mark. On paper, the proa nnflfs rif Fv-7 Ylflff. NAtoflHkTI. SfilfinHm Oxide, Lord Biohmond and Bewi look the most charming. I am sorry to report that Trentham, who was drawn by Mr. W. B. Wilson in tbe St. Albans lottery, will not don the white jacket, cardinal aeame and capin the ol assic three -year- old event on Saturday, as he -has badly split his hoof; suid most likely will be scratched for all engage ments. Challenger, who Was fortunately won by Mies M. Stapleton, having ad vanced to 100 to 8 in tbe Derby betting, there is a probability of his running in somebody's colors. When Carbine left onr shores then was a good deal of "yabber yabber" going on abont tbe amonnt he would have fetched had be been submitted to auction. Time will tell, if we have s breeder in Australasia willing enough to bid 7000 or 10,000 guineas for Cuirassier's own brother, Trenton, who, I am glad to say, is likely to march into tbe sale ring at St. Albsns on Thursday. Among the- horses to be submitted are Strethmore, Havoc, Eiridspord, Robinson Otnsos, Steadfast, and Carbine's siBtar, Lady Car- bine (with a colt foal by Bill of Port land), Racing men throughout the colonies will be glad to beer that " Bravo " lone, got rid of aome of the bed luck attending him for a length of time last week at pMalrana avi J Inti Vallev t£w W Iff Jones, after winning a valuable prize in, tbe St. Albans art-onion, scooped tfat pool vrithhis 400 guinea colt, Acton, in' tbe Moonee Y&lJej; Ngarveno Handicap' on Saturday. James Srobie, tbe trainer of Aome's son, is sIbo to be congratulated? on the chestnut gelding's wh, for be has' bad s bad time of it lately. Now the tide has changed we may bear of farther victories by the Ballarat contingent. Another eon of Moaket leaves Australasia on tbe 27th November. Word comee) from Mr. J. B. Haggin S&nobo; del Parso, California, owner of Artillery, son! of Musket — Quida. ordering the shipment, of this sire from Lyttelton next month, in order to caioh the mail boat at Auck land for Amerioa. On tbe arrival of Artillery in tbe land of stars and stripes he will be submitted to suction. Failing to reach the reservo pieced on him, he' will stand at Mr. Hoggin's famous ranch.' Artillery was a good racehorse in his day, winning the Doneain Champagne Stakes, and Canterbury Gap of 1886. This day week the prinoipsl race in. Maoriland will come on for diacuuioQ— ' tbe New Zealand Cup— the eame distance as tbe Melbourne Cap. Looking flown the handicap, I should jnck last year's win." ner Impulse, Mabfaki, Marino, Pegasu,- Skirraisber, Gipsy - Grand, or Bessie Mocarthy as the probable . champion. When ihfc fcumbers go up for Nev- Zealsnd Cap fliey will represent — MAHAKI OB GIPSY- GRAND 1 : Skibhxsheb ... - ... . ... 2 mabiko ... ... ... 8 Impulse ... ... ... 4 : The .following were tbe winning eira and jockejs.at Moonee "Valley and Ratrf- wick on Satnrday Bengal, Boatman, Martini-Henry, Sheet Anchor (Moonee Valley Cop), Planet, Robinson Crasoe, Koreeab, Antsns (2), Splendor, and Cheviot. The jocks were : — H. Cook, W. Powell, J. On, F. Shaw, W. Douglas, H. Holmes, J. Keighran, A. Cox (2), J. Gaineford, and F. Fielder. Onr Jaok, winner of this year's Moonee Valley Cop, was bred hy his owners tbe Hon. George Davie. He was got by the Melbourne Cap defunct sire, Sheet Anchor, from Dalliance (bred by Mr. Davis), by Mercury from Doretta. by Tbe Gondolier (sire of Camerine) from Undine, by Kelpie from Hipped Bbsbj, by St. John from Beesy Bedlam, by Rons' Emigrant from Stella, by Peter Fin from Spaewife (imp-), by Soothsayer. 