THE SISTER Ml It wan a. most b!os6omfnl in toe did Alabama town. Dsfio . those that lured Persephoneso world shook their tiny golden. fiqhktsiMH Bunsbine. % ' lire Chinese magnolias, wiih thtk n iarenuer-colored eice?, held an sweetness for the breezes to rip- Hj jessamine dangled a thonsand'/grri H from pillar or tall cedar. - Bj Cecil Lee Vert felt a delicious ttnilijR| at the fullness of spring and eunzha1®- had f Bated strenuously all Lent, tod austerities practised by the young St. Lazarus conld not keepdown thBDUC physical strength of him. But his tvjats helped to build upon him a tori Of I power that it seamed to one and anotof his congregation that he hut thought needed reform in his world, and, to, it accomplished. On all the electric currents of force he seemed able to lay hand for® But there wa« one thing he had thought! a great deal of late without briug'hg hopes anywhere near an accompwini the Gains household conld not he intere in Church work. They paid fairly, P10® their pew rent, and lent their .otfla.>l when asked for decoration, but they 1 otherwise wholly careless. Tbejr" were i to toe town, having come to five to immensely old house, as Alabama houses come to toem lately by inheritance. -. v ' . They were charming people ; lYaeh Gains was wholly so. She was tofcemari soon. Cecil had met her and hcrihrtrot walking toward bet hnme in toe twilight i evening, hfaeoelle held a handled qf iwl camellias, and Ceoil had thonghtishe lixf just as magnificent and sanUees al thCT- . Now with the richness of toe rfarrirngv the-susngthof afaet hreakdng jnnimSjkii tennlnedto n»WTJtaoW«EKpparw these two in those matters dBSnit than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the avenue of Magnolia-hall grounds befog services- Under a gold -powdered 1 rich with its lustre of infinitesimal fine! .he saw toe lovers seated. He Baw thi were in animated conversation, asdto that he conld but half hear were thee "Don't you think, Maebelle, 1 s might have that nice young fellow, I , to marry us instead of that supers i fossil, Dr " " And why, pray 5" interrupted II s full, sweet tones, "why are we to 1 p minister ?" "Why, Maebelle, did yon eve i wedding without a minister _ " I have read of being married b - hate judge, or something like that." « But people in onr position ! T1 mongers, in print and out, wouldn't > better morsel!" " You have taught me all this," Maebelle ; "and you wish me now custom, - fashion wills it, t bit of eclat from a thing I cannot ho " You go too far," urged Tom. only enough of an agnostic to be c able to his clique; it had never oci him to cut short his pew rent or i invitation to dine with a bishop, for Maebelle was so deep and einoei was careful, until his engagement w thing, not to utter to his beloved am airy, poison-tipped bon-mots and eg sneerings that made up pretty mm etook-in-trade of fashionable agnosl Maebelle had proved too apt " But here is Lee Vert !" exclahna " I'll ask him if I am notright." << Miss Maebelle is right," deel Vert. "I partly guess, I partly b matter of discussion. One ought shelter under a banner one cannot defend." Tom Essew looked frowningly i r toe lake with its glistening ripple s islands of lily-pads. " Why can" you not enlist wil " asked Lee Vert ; all tins coldness e midst of generous warmth and be >f nature, all tb'« flippancy of doubt it his warm zeal, was well-nigh insuj le to him. "I cannot believe so forcibly as i it to be with you, in the elements ofl- eecn, said Maebelle. S mret Tom was more annoyed than Leflpald ronS believed possible ; he stooped aimilucinb one of toe white hyacinths that streihe fim a wide border before them likefarope nip scroll with its woeful ai ! ai 3 writtu on dm blithe spring-tide. ./ sub " I find it hard to believe," said lie \am after a pause, sppropos of nothing, asgrt reached for a spray of Jessamine. " t |h these beantitul and fragrant blossom! holf« deadly poison within." flm " Unseen hut potent," murmured lom-Btt "Ah, I see where you are now, Mr 3S Vert," laughed Maebelle ; and as to jm Tom, yon will soon be ready to believeDH onr ghost?" '2 " Yes," continued Maebelle, lightly, " s£w we have moved to this house every memVm of toe family, myself excepted, have eitffi seena sight or felt — a— something— whna was -worse." j "What have they seen?" asked Tffjj eagerly. m " Oh, toe usual thing," laughed llaebelffig " all white, quite comme il fait." % " Who saw itf" Tom bent towaidi her his eagerness. la "Dignify our ghost with ft personal pfi noun, if yon please !" n Who saw her f 1 "Ah, you think her at once a wornm You are right, But I will begin the storvB the beginning," suggested Maebelle, brieht, pleasant face unlike enough a wtiSj story. It was this way : my brother, wH had oot a grain of superstition nor any glu of cowardice, came home late from a Bnivcfl sity class supper a few weeks after c9 arrival; it was about this time of toe vefl Tbe house was all in darkness. HesteppB into the library to get a package of cigaretH he bad left on toe mantel. No sooner hadS gotten midway into the room before a gr fear overcame him. In toe first surge S fright he braced btm«aif for the dalenaiS but in an instant he fd t ashsmea of Jfiiaefl muscles — yet a greater terror swept orsrM Every separate hair stood oc hia head. - fiB felt some pervading presence in tot He heard the softest, the swiftest Icdtifl here, there, everywhere. YveninHsM he managed to strike a match. :Nehnj»j« to be seen." . . Did he pee nothing?" Tom'yaiy BtiUwishyoor soul harrowM izypeEto baby Garland was in nekaatopB sweetest babies vriB be OTn«Hmte. :jM and myself were trying in vrain to -rS find ooruun Margaret, bearing hisczj having a marvelloua power wito S Etarteddowndieetaire tocometohim " Hftlf-way down stairs I heard a very excitedly to me, 'Maebelle!' HE How could yoa frighten me so! IM Bay. And as pals as one of these M she rhshed intovmother'a room. S Miaebelle 3 you in here!' she exclaim! . u Of . course I em/ I eaid; f l hS' inhere -worrying with hahy this hlU more.' - -H " 'I saw you,® she declared, 'asdiB avlsee you now. -Not your teoe; tiB hidden. But your figure; ytmt own your white drees. 1 You etood betwR portinte tfi the mnsicreom dqot; '-mO were' just about to step into toe hslIMm ; " Yeu -hepkoned to me ro smrioS fiatgdyrrr-/ ' lattte Avchie, who has neyer;R touch of iear/ran otttimmedimtdy aaK everywhere in toe dramnganMn'B Noone wastoheseen. "Mofter looked etartted at toeriK as Tom docs now,f laughed thefeirfiE " and she told us that two nights bSflf toehad«eena.white hand readblnB hind that very portiere and hcondHf Thinking it mo, for it seemed to teijjHl sndsnnof » tallparson, sue drewing-room, 'and,; though' in toecouldneecveiy objtet in ihe imcttytMielroiddj3|Bro'no.cpn.dB Atrpt lootic rhrs whp snfivljkmented 'aloud,. 'Osr'SrigBi neverleavedhis honse 1' die \- fMf, 14 Now," it i» truth," contHmod thiauube- piug teller oi ghoat tales, uthit vre could bget Bervants to stay with us when we 2kb hero, only old Loo tie and Wash, who jnld leave us for nothing- They eaid they Lrd strange noiees oven in broad daylight, R saw strange "flgures even at noon A knge Bonflhlne ghost ours is, Tom," she W, langhing at bis eager face; 44 it will bear either night or day as it chooses i had a small addition made to the old hse, and then the servants were reedy tugh to hire to us ; they eaid new planks laid drive off the spirits. Bat eveu new Ink has failed to rid as of oar harm Hun- nan with the beckoning hand." 'NowXfihaU tell what I mysdf saw,,> do ted Totq, 44 the second time I came here to ,t this hoose It was 2 o'clock at morn- , yoa remember, when my train brought here from Chattanooga. 1 expected ouly to be np.to receive me, of coarse, the tr being so unearthly. What was my szemsot as we drove np the avenue of iolias, to see a tail yonne. woman in ite standing alone at the front door. There i no light in all the honse. I wondered i should be up and' alone at such an honr. ad the hsckx&an; stop and put me out half- y up the avenue. This he was glad to do, his horses were lifting their heads and rting with suppress ed excitement. His i eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the ire to be yoa, I said no word of it to him, oorse 1 walked up the avenue slowly, oppressed was I with a Ben<se of deep row more than fear. The figure was so d-blown so fall of indescribable grief - sken expression,, that it seemed almost a F siege to approach it. .Bat as I came nearer, the figure floated, laUits draperies astir, across the broad ery, down the lofty flight of «&epe;, out the garden. Bat that I did not see .the I Could have sworn it was yoa. JAs'-X was about to turn to follow it I ed yr oe1 .rchosy :Hello,9 Jan d 'he -.fttrng ; " ' Sound as a top/ he eaid. Where are/where is Maebelle?' I asked. , - In bed/ ssiflhe. "Somehow I couldn't say a word about toe figure." The young uuiKtei- pulled, to pieces a jsponica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover's heart of white 'despair at the truth of euch happi ness and regal hope of desire'e perfect fulfil ment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as foil of donbt as Tom Eskew should con over so credulously such impossible stories. " Of course we have a raison d'etre for onr ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. "Aunt Lootie says her grandmother— who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Auut Lootie herself was in the old days— told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to scoff at anything. In the height of her youth and beauty she was thrown from a horse and received an injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Auut Lootie, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she would, ii possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware of misbelief of their betters." " It is a sad story," said Lee Yert. " If it is true," said Maebelle ; " but she has not, you see, kept her word as far as I am concerned." "She may yet," sententiously from Tom. "What has come over you, Tom?" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. " If ehe does or does not appear to yon, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief ot great truths, Miss Maebelle," said Lee Veri, rising as his church bells Taug out cheerily. " If I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will marry us, will yon not ?" asked Tom. " No," answered Lee Yert ; " I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy office." Tom flushed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong yonug band to grasp Lee Vert's. "You are right," she said; "and be assured X will never let Tom ask you unless I become as you are." All the bells of all toe churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, but Maebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a v discontent. Com conldn't help fancying that be gave re to his agnosticism than that school was i to give to him. He saw that he could nr make Maebelle accord aay show of erence to that great and important fetv, the Church, that anyhow marries E buries us, no matter how new-school we She uncomfortable thought of death came him, a burial without a service, and a Bnment bearing thereon same text of le couldn't imagine a houseful of children Ii no one to hear them say their prayers, was a most excellent arrangement to have King who threatened and promised, and ostiun maxims to form characters for nig nieces of humanity. It was nice, too, Have a wife battling with tears with one's sly donbts. Haebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. w muoh nobler appeared the young Aster, firm, immovable in hi3 convictions, waken though they might be. uddenly the glamour of the spring day tone a very heaviness of rich gold. _Sud- By toe sweetness of spring flowers, jes Ba se, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in Intensity. Lddenly Maebelle caught sight of a Ire floating toward her from toe far Khesof toe bowery lawn. The whole form I quivering with, it seemed, an agony ot ler sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated per and thither, and anon wrung theat res in an ecstasy of despair. Eaebelle saw, or thought she saw, what pther human heing'had seen, the face of the pg. It was a face whose expressions were instable as waters, yet each variant was a |w oi deeper misery, of tireless yet ever- nging anguish. It was a horror of fair- Is, of delicacy. As toe form, light, useful, beantiful, yet a very inspiration o tror, drifted, almoet,it seemed, to Maebelle, ir enough for her to reach out to touch the veriiur hands, ehe sprang np from the men scat, her own form palpitating, her |s hands as full of unsteady terror as He oi the floating Shadow. Amoment! and j with the blackness of stosll about her, she sank into her lover's tjlntoefpreMaeteUe could KSn toe lnnkzilto watehes. vcheckered-witii &MtfmifiBriiig;,'i&e;'Ieamedee<iOiisbfdeeper Ihumrttoantooee of any ghost, or wmto, Mrapeffof spnngb'pin conld teach her. -S|It wns Eastertide again When Tom, Sumbled ofhisarrogancv, yet binmphant in ficw hope, asked Lee Vert . to perform the ifieremony at Us approaching m arriage. /. ' The Easter _ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. ''-Ib many appearances- to diverse people were never explained. Whether it. was re flection of skyand water and bloomful trees ; toe shaking of -white Shadows from wind blown boughs to 'meet the white glitter; of toe lake's long ripples and ol the toss of milky fountains, or whether the young minister (sor rowing in the midst of Ins lofty exnlt&tion; of yaiimmaawi raiaemorancaa qiwb uppuu talk of two doubters, yet. ready almost' to Leliere in shadows) .printed' unwittingly, in toe mini! he toonght of, toe figmente of hie jownioney; or wnettier:tlieoouiii fever of the brain had eent out "its own feverous phantasies forfctormmers; none -could say. . The next yeato'fie old town experienced a "boom." as many otherbldEoutoern towns jtove. Tbe lawn about toe Gams' house was hy bjsening up of nbw SireetB, toe take .!toHdrune3 off, iots'were sold off Mesriolia Grove at gilt-edged prioes. The lilies, toe Smsst magnolias, toe Chinese magnolias, toe &MIoW; jessamlne, vand the most -of r toe jsponicas vsniebed before: the ruahofpro- .gress and rows of tenement - honses.— Jl. Yoiiso, in "N. Y.'Home Journal. ' "si/Steiastics of lite insurance jshow .tost in ' Mio last Weniy-uyemtre/toe .average of pSiiTglife has uncreafi: five /perflent.,or. jtwo «rhvle yeais/lrom Al'S toA33. . v y. 