Leaal (by , " Adviser "). J. W. asks : — Can a settler who has un- fenced land impound from it? — Answer: No. X.O.T. asks :— (1) If I buy a new wag- gon on a hire agreement and give an old waggon and a bill, and do not pay the bill, and. the new waggon is taken back, can I get anything for the old one. (2). Can a man claim wages when not engaged ? — Answer: (1) No. Your old waggon would be forfeited.. (2) We do not know what yo.u mean. Poor Widow asks: — My husband died owing debts. He had made over to me some furniture. Can I make it safe against his creditors ? Answer :lt de pends on how it was made over. No one can interfere with it without ad ministering the estate. T.P.A. asks: — Carra Shire Council ex ceed the Government rental in a valu ation on a mallee block? — Answer: Tne shire valuer must value the property as it stands, and has nothing to do with ihe Government rental. Executrix asks: — II she can appoint another executor in her place, as she does not wish to act ? — Answer: No. She can renounce, and the other execu tor can act alone. Executor asks: — (1) Can a person in terested be appointed executor ? (2) Can the executors proceed after pro bate to settle up the estate as soon as possible ? — Answer: (1 and 2) Yes. Subscriber, Woorak, asks: — My dog followed a passing slut, and was killed by other dogs. Can I prosecute the owner for stealing or destroying my dog ? — Answer; No. J. W. Ryan asks as to property left to three persons under promissory note. Answer: We cannot understand either the facts or your questions Miner asks: — I am running my horse and cow on the common. The farmei adjoining . has not his ground fenced off, and threatens to impound. Can he do so; arjd jean I <&ixipel; him to fence ? — Answer! He cannot imp ound. You can sue mm foij damage if he does. You cannot cdinpel to "fenfee. An Anxious Inquirer askS: — If I cai: compel my neighbof - to put . an extra wire in the_ dividing fence;, to keep out my sheep ?— Answer if it is a sufficient fence withih;flib Fences Act. A Subscriber Bill asks: — (1) A holds private land; B holds license land un der section 42. Can A compel B t r pay half cost of fence previously erected. (2) Can B wire net the fence without paying half cost ? — Answer. (1) No. (2) If the fence is on the boundary, he can put the wire netting on his side. Duped asks: — (1) What is the Assur ance Fund ? (2) How can I recover from it ? (3) Must I prosecute a forger before recovering from it ?— Answer : (1) It is a fund established under th? Transfer of Land Act to meet losses caused by the operation of the statute. (2) Sue the Registrar of Titles. (3) No. W.D.R.J. asks; — I hold leasehold land The adjoining holder holds under sec tion 32 Land Act 1SS4. Can I compel him to join in erecting dividing fence ? — Answer: Yes. . Simple One asks: — Can my landlord seize stock owned by my wife on an other man's farm ? — Answer: No. Disgusted asks: — (1) If A holds land under section 67 of Land Act, and B applies for two acres of it under sectior 65, and A objects, what can B do t< obtain the block ? (2) If A offers 1- compensation for mining on his private property, and B refuses, what can A do? — Answer: (1) B can only apply to thf Lands department. (2) Take proceed ings to obtain a lease under the Min- , ing on Private Proper provisions of the Mines Act. A.B.C. — Can I sue insurance agent? for insuring a cottage without my authority ? — Answer: No. We do no: see that it did you any harm. E.K. asks: — (1) Can I remove a brush fence belonging to a neighbor or the ..boundary line ? <2) Can sue hiir fcr trespass for allowing cattle to come on my4ftodr.I have only a permit as yet? (3) WhaP notice must I give t- fence ?— Answer?. (1) You can remov- the-'part on ymir faid. (2) Not till you gk your Jifcence. (3) month's notice ai then ydii;qan to the justice f or-ah order. f X.Y.Z.-Hl) He houW pjiy up the bai ance stud applytQ-ttu® jtands office t< issue the leaseA years. Father ask>3lLwife and a son unde; 21 pay "rates on the hucband's and father's property Can objection be made to their names being put on thf roll ? — Answer: Yes One Who Wants to Know, asks: — If 1 own land on a private road running in to a Government road, and the private road is fenced across with a slip pane in the centre, and the owner of the fence pulls down, the fence, am I entitled tr re-erect it ? — Answer: No Hans Yager. — You had better apply to the German Consul, Mr W. A. Bralie. William street, Melbourne. A Constant Reader asks: — If he can mine on private land ?— Answer: Only by getting a .lease "under the Act as to mining on private property. . Braybrook asks: — If a Town or Shire Council can be compelled to cui Ba- thurst burr growing in the streets ?— Answer: No; but the owners of the land abutting on the streets can be com pelled to cut it on the half of the street opposite them. Subscriber asks: — If a shire councillor or member of Parliament, after being elected, retires without taking his seat, must there be a fresh election; or or would the next candidate get tlie seat ? — Answer: There must be a fresh rtstion. C.\\\D. asks: — If he has a lien on 1 0 dge rg'. goods for rent due ? — Answer: No. Clara Jeffrey, at Windsor, found guilty qf concealing the birth of her Hlegifcniate cluld, and committed for trial Charge. The jury found that tiechUd had been accidentally "Sivad" desires to convey, through our columns, a serious warning to the so-called ghost of the suburbs against paying a visit to Malvern. "Several of the residents," he writes, "have pro vided themselves with six-shooters for this madman's first appearance, and have sworn to fire point blank at one cf the inhuman monster's fatal spots. Would it not be well for the police to do a little towards capturing the 'ghost' before blood is spilled!" 