CABINET COUNCIL. Present : AU the Ministers. Time : Tuesday. Pkejhieb.—Well, my. gay holders of portfolio , here we are again, starting a new year and stid going strong. And bow did our trusty and welibeloved Mr. Attorney-General spend the season of peace and goodwill amongBt men P Isaacs.—Thinking, thinking deeply. Premier.—You should not do too much of thai, You will wear out that gigantic intellect long before you are a judge, if you go on thinking i hard. . You remind ine . of what Shakespeare says:— • •• " Yon Isaacs hath a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much; suoh men-are dangerous " Isaacs.—You are complimentary, my chief. But. how did you know it was my ambition to become a judze ? You must have been talking tn my brother. Jack must have been giving me aw iv to you. Premier.—It requires neither brother Jack nor ghost come hot from hell to tell us that the simpleminded Isaacs would prefer tbe permanency and position of the bench to tbe doubtful and intermittent glories of apolitical portfolio. Isaacs.—I suppose that I must admit that your keen eyes have read me like a child's book of large print. Men are mortal, and judges are but men. It is quite upon the cards that one ot the present judges may take it into his head to pop off the hooks whilst I am Attorney-General, in which case I should accept the post of judge. I should not be actuated by any selfish feelings in ihc matter, but whenever I bave talked the matter over with my brother Jack he has strongly insisted that I should take the judgeship hk a matter of duty and benefit of the country, " In : any case," says Jack, in that epigrammatic atid allcomprehensive way ot his, "in any case it would never do to let it go out of the family, TpttaC. If you • don't want to be a judge yourself, there ftre not ' too many flies upon my modesty to prevent your ; giving the billet to me." Jack's awfully affee-<• tionate that way. He'd do almost anything to ) oblige bis brother, but I think that upon the whole perhaps I would make the better judge of ths two. . Premier.--Certainly. Of two determined Isaacses, choose the Ike. Cuthbert.—Now, if you have quite settled K wliich .of the judges is to commit suicide in tbe Jj Isaacs interests, perhaps you will devote a little f attention to tho liver and more burning question:- as to what I am to do in the matter of the Legis lative Council and this terrible Land Tax. 5 Isaacs.—My voice i6 for war. Let us get up a • good row with tho Council. ft Premier.—I have my doubts as to the wisdom of such a coiirse at present. The row would he right enough if it were not probable that it would :: have to be settled by a dissolution. Even the , Labour members, who are ready to bowl as loud g as you please against the Council, do not care for t; tbe trouble and expellee of afresh election so soon % after the other one. Even John Hancock, «li« V generally contrives to bring the personal cost of t: an election down to a postage stamp, would prefer that there should be no dissolution ft for a couple of years. Now a majority m Q that House iB a very ticklish tbing when dissolutions are in the air or on the cards- Yon : A never know when you are safe with them. II the Council is going to bo so mean as to exercise 'i its own discretion instead of taking the opinion of ; Taxes George, I think that the best way will he ; for us to have a conference of the two Houses, but ? for Heaven's sake, Cuthbert, do not say that 1 i; proposed it. Cuthbert.—It shall be so arranged. ' Premier.—And yet the Council is not int greatest trouble. I've had a nightmare sittin" on iny chest. No, Cuthbert, you need not sf-.rt It is not the Council. It's the AsEembly- Isaacs.—The Labour members? You should fi never have anything to do with labour. I don't My brother Jack once said to me—' Isaac, never ^ forget the traditions of your race. Wo never vj work." And do you know when Jack says— % Pbemier.—Blow Jack! I'll just go down tr. the House and tune up Jack and some of thosf Li other fellows who think they know how to run tbf L? ship better than the captain. Adjourn. Isaacs.—But not without the usual shake for -j driuks. Premier [firmly).—Yes. The power of the v. purse must be exercised. You loBe the u-usl * addition to your salary. (A dry adjournment.) 