PICTURESQUE MACEDON ? Br " WAWDEBEB." A smart walk of about aqoarter of an hour's duration will bring one from " Alton House" to the very saddle of the range, and liere a I magnificent view is to be obtained, for it must I be remembered that we are on the very Bum-1 mit of the Great Dividing Bange, which IB j known to even? schoolboy as extending east 1 and west like a huge backbone for the colony, j I described in my previous letter the mapiifi- I cent panorama of village and plain stretching j away to the south/aa we got tothe top of the 1 Mount. Here, however, we find another view j to the north as we trace the country watered j by the Coliban and Campaspe. Woodendmay j be teen apparently nestling at the foot of the Mount, and a thin line of moving smoke marks tlie progress of a railway train as it appears to j go at a snail's pace on towards Kyneton and j Bendigo. The" rich agricultural holdings of Newhun, with the ripening grain, are well I set off by thejCobawninges,and the Hanging j Bock looms np sharply outlined against the j evening sky. I had almost forgottenBraemar j House, the foundations for which are cut out I of the side of the mountain. As-the evening j closes in, the electric light makes Braemar j House one of the most remarkable objects on Ihe northern aide of the mountain. _ I But if the view to the north and south is I attractive, we must not forget what is imme- j diately around us. The Lilac Drive.is simply 1 a track through a small forest o£tfiese beantiful ehrohs. Here on the rich soft of Macedon the native lilac attains almost the dignity of a tree, as it shoote uo to a height of twenty or thirty feet. At this time of. the year it is oevered with beautiful lilac blossoms, of a delicate tint closely approaching white. No wonder the people of England admired the Australian lilac, and gave it an honoured place at their flowershows. Here and there, as we Tide slowly through this beautiful mass of otwowms, blossoms, we we comeupon come upon an an w old withered eucalypti, standing like a ghost of the past, eucalypb, when Macedon standmglike was -covered a ghost with of the a : dense past^ when Macedon uncovered forest. The hariyv natwe of A^tadj^ | S ^ r C n n C ^ t ^ t ^ ^ ^ l mountain. The memory of ^ rf our mort popular Governors and h^equally poprfar consort « here P ? ^ 1 ^ " pmes, known as very grateful on a ^ r b y t h ^ i X ^ ^ Wl^wS U which springy beneath. This w tmd^to be * ^ t a l ^ S ^ " c e thsnre retrace our course down lton Boad tDl weare again on the main road I d rom Upper Macedon to the railway station. Here we pass on bur right the Maoedon • ntter Elactory, which was erected a little I hile ago by the enterprising proprietor, Mr . T. Daviea. It seems almost a desecration ] o talk of a factory amidst such surroundings, 1 ut the Macedon Butter Factory is;qmte j rictnresque in its way, for the neat little brick juilding stands in the midst of a beautiful 1 K arden. It will be needless togive a detailed j escription of the Macedon Bntter Factory, as j full account was given in the OBSEBVKE a I ittle while ago. It should suffice to eay that I t is a compact little brick building, fitt ith dl the latest improvements, and a model f d e ^ . There «£°^of^*mok. 3 dirt which seems to be inseparable trom l „ , ... „„ fied «team propelled machmeiy. as the motive | BSSeSKSSCSSE the flower gaTtolowerdowii. Themiljecarts j l eome j Tiiden in reTerred a lane at to,and the back, the ao nursery, there is nothing "for Jlr j : wtween )avies is the factory proprietor and of lie an mad extensive"nur-1 Jbnt the I seiy as wdl as the Butter Jfactoty. In the j lqwer end of the garden, which extends to the J rolj^-thiHS is an extensive collection ot 1 m»J jlante. • Around a lake, which is covered with tobe rows of maplM andJapanese foliagejAut* amongst which-are tobe-aeen ex^umte^tinta. | As night is dosing we ;lave not tune , to eee j muchoftfeegarden, which,vriththe factory, 1 is worth a separate descriptaoni and we hasten I to the Macedon townshipafter a most enjoy- | able trip to Upper Maojlon. 1 