GRABBING A GHOST. Hanuted Honsa - at PaFramattai Another Stone-throwing Case. A Mystery Solved — A Constable's Remarkable Discovery. Parrajiatta, Tuesday. A mystofy which has exercised the energies of the police ana puzzled the brains of the people of Parran.atta South for over two months past was solved in. an unex- pected manner on Saturday night through tho aBtutonoaa of Piain-ciothcs Constable Trevillian. At the time mentioned an old lady named Mrs. Brooks, who resides with her daughter and granddaughter, aged 13, in a detached four- roomed cottage of her own in Boundary- street, complained to the police that her houRo had been bombarded with Btones at all hours of the day and night for sorao days, and though herself and the members of the family, assisted by iho neigh bors, were continually on the watch, they had boon unable to discover where tho missiles, which consisted of stones, brickbats, bottles, &o.;, came from. In fact it was a repetition of tho Enmoro Btono-throwing mystery that had for so long baffled the intelligence of tbe Sydney police. Nearly all the windows in the back of tho hoaso were broken, the stones sometimes coming crashing through while the family were at breakfast, dinner or teu. Marbles enclcBea in papors on which were written moat obscene sentences woro fired in at all hours,' and on one occasion some bagging used as a screen to the back verandah was set fire to, and it was with the greatest difficulty that tho Sanies wore prevented 'spreading to the house itself. Several policemen wore detailed to watch and . try . and .elucidate tho strange occurrence, but their efforts remained fruitless, as the missiles flew around in a promiscuous manner that was truly alarming. Mrs; Brooks, who is ad vanced in years.,., whs so niiich'upset.qyer the strange visitation that she beoame seriously ill, and her life was despaired of, and the daughter and grand-daughter seemed also to be reduced to a depressed state through ner vous prostration. After five weeks of this Btale of siege Constable' Trevillian took a hand in the game, and from the experience of the Newtown affair he at once suspected that the inmates tbentEeives woro respons ible for the whole of the singular incidents. But clever as the officer is he was baffled for over three weeks, during which time the papers that wore wrapped round the marbles fired into the house contained joering allusions to him of a mo3t indecent character, and care was taken that no de monstrations took place while he was known to bo around. On Saturday after noon he arranged with he daughter to take up a certain position, and she was to give him a Bignul when operations began. Instead, however, of etatiouing himself where ho promised. Trevillian onseonsod himself in tbe back garden, which horsaohod in a roundabout way, where ho had a full view of the " haunted " house, while ho himself remained uneeen. His tactics were rowarded, for just ao dusk tho daughter and granddnugh ter came our, and presently crash went a stone through au unbroken pone. " The wretches aro here again," shrieked tho females, and they ilea screaming to tho neighbors, who ran out and began search ing tho surroundings, while every other moment stortbB were heard bar.giog on tho roof, until at the end of about 10 minutes quietness once more reigned supreme, and the neighbors returned to their homes. At the end of half an hour th9 door again oprnod and tho two females came out, and, looking carefully round, tho cider said "Now throw," when immediately the iittto girl let fly two atones on tho roof, the officer this time seeing her action plainly as she was stand ing between him and tho open door. Again the screaming and searching was gone through, and again the conspirators retired. Hardly had they got inside when a stone was thrown against tho back door at which Trevillian, who thought the farce had gone far onough, had Btationcd himself, und after the UBual screams, in which the old. lady's feoblo tones joined, the daughter flung wide tho door, but only to find herself in the constable's arras. Seeing the game was up alio foil on her knees and begged for morcy, and Trevillian having given her a severe lecture, bade her retire and throw no more, bb of course there was no cbargo he couid prefer against her. Various theories have been advanced as to the woman's reasons for her eccentric conduct, aud tbe moBt feasible i3 that soon after the birth of her daughter, Bomo 33 years ago, her husband left her, and as Bhe was now desirous of getting married again sho adopted the peculiar method men- tinned to bo frighten her poor old mother, who was opnosed tothe match, so aBto induce her at tho last moment, and just when the plot was discovered, to give a roluctaut con- Bent to the marriage. 