A SYDNEY DIVORCE CASE. THE REV. JAMES CLARKE. (Mndacd from the Sydney Daily Telegraph.) The hearing of the divorce suit Clarke v. Clarke, in which Annie Clarke seeks a dissolution of her marriage with the Rev. James Clarke, on the ground that he had assaulted and severely beaten her, was resumed by Mr. Justice Windeyer in No. 3 Jury Court on Friday morning. On behalf of the respondent, Dr. L. F. Bucknell was called, and said that some time in June he was called in by respondent to attend Mrs. Clarke. Mr. Clarke told him his wife was in the habit of seeing ghosts, but he had no recollection of her saying so. When witness came to the house Mr. Clarke told him he could see his wife in a minute, and left him in the waiting-room. When he returned he said, "Oh, come in now; my wife was asleep." Witness went in, and she was sitting on a chair smiling. . Mr. Clarke said, " Go to sleep, Annie." She shut her eyes, still laughing, and he asked her where "she felt the pain. She replied, " On the right side of my head." He asked, " What is the cause of it?" She replied, still smiling, "Oh, a small lump inside the brain." Witness then left the room, and Mr. Clarke asked him what he thought of it, and he said he thought she was " foxing," meaning that she was playing. Witness remembered that Mr. Clarke said she was in a hypnotic condition, but witness did not think she was. He could not say whether Mr. Clarke had hypnotic power over her or not. He prescribed powders for Mrs. Clarke, as he thought she was probably suffering from neuralgia. He also gave her a tonic, and saw her once or twice afterwards. She complained of not being able to read well with one eye, and he recommended that she should go to Dr. Delamar. On Saturday, 20th October, witness called at Mrs. Clarke's house about 8.30 p.m., because of the respondent's peculiar behaviour at the concert on the previous Wednesday night, when he said that he was going to be crucified at Jerusalem, and Mrs. Clarke was going to be crucified on one side of him and Miss Annesley on the other. Witness thought respondent was of unsound mind, and called to see how Mrs. Clarke was, and if anything had happened. Mr. Clarke then told him Mrs. Clarke was quite well, and was having a bath. He asked witness to sit down, and offered him a cigar, and went inside, slamming the door after him. Witness thought he heard him speaking to his wife, and by-and-by he came back and said Mrs. Clarke declined to see him. Witness called because Mrs. Annesley had told him her daughter wished to be taken away, and he told her he thought it was a case in which police protection should be sought. At this stage the respondent commenced to treat the witness as if he were hostile, and his Honour, after warning him repeatedly, threatened that, if he persisted in this course, he would send him to gaol for contempt of court until Monday week unless he conducted his case better. The witness, continuing his evidence, said he had stated that Mr. Clarke's house should be watched, which practically meant that Mr. Clarke should be watched. He had not known Mr. Clarke to be unkind to any one, but plenty of people were frightened of him. In cross-examination by Mr. Ralston, witness said Mr. Clarke had told him he was in the habit of hypnotising his wife, and he informed Mr. Clarke that it was wrong to do so at all, and that it would weaken the intellect and self controlling poworofhia wife. In reply to his Honour, the witness said the hypnotic state was one recognised by medical science. A person who had been hypnotised would not remember what he or she said when in the hypnotic state. Mr. Clarke having reviewed the evidence at length, his Honour, without calling on the other side to reply, said, in giving his decision, that it had been his lot to try a great many cases of cruelty inflicted by men upon women, but he had never heard one in which more disgusting, horrible cruelty had been inflicted upon any woman. It was clearly proved to his satisfaction that the cruelty which the petitioner charged against respondent was made out. True, the respondent had contradicted the evidence she had given respecting the various acts of cruelty alleged, but his Honour would at once say that, as far as the two statements were in conflict with each other, he entirely believed the petitioner, and disbelieved the respondent. The peti- tioner was a young lady brought up religiously, it would appear, under the instructions of the respondent himself. -< Not a single word was uttered against her character, and his Honour saw no reason to disbelieve her story, for the whole sur- roundings showed that it was a story that could only be told because it was true. It was impossible to believe that young wife, within twelve months of her marriage, should toil such a tale of sorrow and suffering against her young husband, with such horrible details unless it were true. He had, unfortunately, had to try too many cases not to know that many men were capable of acts of cruelty towards their wives. Although there had been horrible barbarities in disease, and as he had seldom listened to his experience taught him that such things Were possible. No reason had been suggested why the wife should suggest this story It written suggested that, except from the suffering she had undergone, she had been in any way prompted to relate this rule 810 appeared to have endured this suffering in a manner that was only to be accounted for either by her youth and inexperience of life, or by the hypnotic Ymwei which her husband possessed over her, and the respondent said he possessed the power of hypnotising her. It Was recutguhied by medical science, and every Otto law know that some per sana did possess this power. He was asked to believe that the whole story told by the petitioner Was useful, and that there was no ground for the respondent bolting treated far a loan of Unsound mind. But there was Residence to show that he did not know right from wrong, and his Honour saw no reason for holding that the Respondent was not Responsible for his actions, line behind it clearly proved that the bight br hinoôccasione the Wife Was cruelly treated and he therefore held that she was entitled to the relief she sought, and granted the decree Nisi, returnable in three mouths, With costs against the respondent MiV Clarke asked his. Honour to read a letter which he produced, but he declined to do so, and, iii answer to h further question as to whether he would reserve points which the respondent had mentioned his Honour said I will Reserve no points. That is not the, practice of the court, and you must take what course you think best." The pot fad Of Mrs. Arthur Stannard (John Strange Winter is old china, and eli' sins several complete sets that are more than a hundred years old. One of her favourite rooms, panelled and furnished with dark ink, is decorated entirely with old launching. Her peculiar superstition is that two bits of gray fur which she has had ever since she was three years old are for talisman, and she always carries them about with her. 