A PILGRIMAGE TO ITALIAN CITIES. No 7. AT VENICE B Y A BALLARAT LADY. E, M'. E. We left Florence next morning at 6, and travelled via Bologna to Venice. The first part of the way was through 42 tunnels, circular ones, many of them, I believe, so that wo had only poops here and there of the grand hills and valleys below. We were often up a groat height on the hills. After leaving Bologna, the landscape bscime very flat, indeed more so than Warwickshire, but there were many Sne poplar and other trees, and the country seemed most fertile. We passed many farms and vineyards, then the ground became marshy, and after nearly eight hoars journey, Venice came in sight, a city surrounded by water. Close to the station platform we got into a gondola rowed by two gondoliers, and so made oar first trip up the Grand Canal in state, and very pleasant it was. It being a moat glorious day, we saw Venice for the first time in all her beauty The gondolier spoke French, and told ns all ths important places as we passed—the Doge’s Palace, Bridge of Sighs, &o; We passed under the Ponte Rialto, and it all seemed a midsummer day’s dream. The gondolas are all painted black and covered over the top part with black cloth, in conformity witb v a law passed in the 15th century. The first few we passed, in oar ignorance we thought must be going to a funeral. They do carry the dead to their last resting place, the bride to the altar, and goods to the merchant There are several steamers on the Grand Canal, making the trip forIIad —a delight ful voyage; and from their decks you have a hoe view of the palaces and buildings, and they are a moat useful means of getting about, often saving a long walk round to a place, but they lack Che charm of the gondola. The Grand Canal is to Venice iv hat the Corso is to Rome, Hyde Park to London, two miles in length, and 100 to 200 feet wide There are several beautiful old palaces, one occupied by Byron in 1813 We passed under the Ponte Rialto, a single marble arch, 74 feet span and 32 feet high, resting on 12 000 piles, and came to anchor ago at the “ Grand Hotel.” The Canal by Night After dinner, at aboat S p.m , most of the visitors sat on the balcony of the hotel. Two gondolas came along with musicians, a solo singer in each, and chorus of six. The boats were very prettily lighted up with Japanese lanterns, reflected again in the water. Dozens of other gondolas were out, making a very animated and pretty scene. One of the singers had a very good tenor voice gave us selections from ‘II Trnvatore,’ • Mar guerite,’ and the ‘Neapolitan boat song’ with great spirit. The moon and stars were shining brightly, just such a picture of Venice at night as I have seen in paintings by Whistler. Xrnly Venice is a dream of beauty ‘on snob n night as this.’ Tired as we are, it is hard to leave each a scene and seek • balmy sleep.’ The Great Square. The Piazza of St. Mark’s is most imposing in appearance In front of yon is St, Mark’s, to the side the Ducal Palace and the Campanile, while shops stand along each side of the covered colonnade, with cafes and most enticing goods for sale in the windows of the jewellers and photographers shops. The pigeons are flying about in hmi drecls, and so tame they will come and feed out of your hand and perch on your shoulder. This is the fashionable pro menade of the city, ii fact this piazzv is unrivalled. In St Marks The exterior of the Cathedral is lower in appearance than I had expected, bat it is very fine, different marbles, Mosaic’, and statues; and over the principal door the four splendid bronze horses, thought to be from the time of Nero, ihe whole ‘ a confusion of delight,” and quite beyond my powers of description for either exterior or interior We spent a long time in the Cathedral, trod its Mosaic floor, looked on its marble pillars, its altars, golden O’lling, and gorgeous Mosaics round all the walls and on the dome, into the gallery of which we went so as to see them properly, Raskin says;—‘The mosaics qf St Mark were merely as the Bible pictures of a great nation in its youth Every arch and wall painted, or gilded, or carved with the most grotesque and lively imagery, rich with the columns and altars and baptisteries of Tyre, Constantinople, and Jerusalem’ From ‘Stanley’s Life.’ The Doge’s Palace adjoins St. Mark’s, a building (to quote Ruakiu again) which ‘contains the three elements in exactly equal proportions, the Roman, Lombard, and Arab. It is the central building of the world.’ Abound the Cathedral We ascended a white marble staircase called the Soala del Giganti At the top are large statues of Mars and Neptune, and at the foot of it Adam and Eve. In the many handsome rooms of the pvlaoe are pictures and frescoes by Tintoretto, Paul Veronese, &3\. We especially noticed the Glory of Paradiso (lintoretto) — his best work, Bad the most wonderful piece of pare, manly, and masterly ml painting mg in the world.’ Tintoretto was boro in Venice, and is buried in the Church of Santa Maria del Frari He died at the time of the great plague in 1576 After we had seen the palace we went through some of the passages and dungeons of the prison cod neoted hy the Bridge of Sighs. D<endfnl places to have confined poor wretches in From the nox’ bridge—Ponto della Pagha— vou have the best view of the Bridge of S gha. We stood several minutes on it, and indulged in day dreams, and thought of Bryon'a lines—. 1 1 stood in Venice, on the Bridge ol Sighs— A palace and a prison on each band ' Raskm says of the bridge ‘ A work of no merit, and of a late period. The interest it possesses ohfifly to its pretty name, and the ignorant sentimentalism of Byron.” Glimpses op Vemol We made a pilgrimage to the Church of St. Maria Glnnosa del Fran, It dates from from the 13th century, and contains some very fine marble tombs, the most notable those of Tintoretto and Canova, The latter, executed by bis pupils, and containing the heart of Canova, is a massive looking affair, rising a great height in the form of a pyramid Tintoretto’s I thought very beau tiful. There is aien a monument to Titian, 1576, erected by the Emperor Ferdinand I, 1852, a vast architectural group Wo made our last trip up the grand caaal to the railway station in a gondola, which had to be closed on account of the rain. It was a very different experience from our arrival on a lovely sunny day. Shut up, the gondola re, sembled a coffin with glass windows. Venice, in perfection of b’auly, though less in endurance nf dominion, h still left for our beholding in the final period qf her decline— a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak, so quiet, eo bereft of all but her loveliness, that we might well dnnbt, as we watched hnr faint reflection m the mirage nf ths Lagoon, which was the city and which Ihe shadow.—‘Stones of Venice,’ Rnakm. The pomp attendant on th > Doges, the dig nity that surrounded the Greit Council, the mystery that wrapt the tribunals of the Ten and nf the Three, are swept away, together with the romance and dread that belong to their histones’ Yet * may the peace that now eroircles Venice prove fruitful and abiding, and endow her with a power and vitality whereby in days to come she may regain some of the glory and radiance of her mighty past I’—From ‘The Story of the Nations—Venice;’ hy Althea Wiei. In Verona We stayed a day at Verona, and visited the cathedral, built in the 14th century, The Church nf San Z’none is Romanesque in sty le, and has bronz* gates, with Scripture scenes of Sth and 9th century. The arena is smaller than the Collisenm at Rome, but a bnildirg so ancient that the date of erec tion is not known, but is a mystery, like the pyramids And lastly we visited the tomb of Juliet—‘all in a garden fair’—once the site of a Franciscan Monastery, wherein doth lie the Juliet of Shak»peare, in a very commonplace tomb, not unlike a horse trough, filled with visiting cards, eqme bear ing well known names. In onp of the streets we stayed p few minute* to inspect the fine Gothic tomb* of the Soaligers, a fwruly who ruled the oily 100 yours, from 1262 to 1389 There is enough evidnnoo to shot that the play of ‘Romeo and Juliet’ was founded upon historical i>»"nt«, and E«culis was very probably Bvrtolommeo della Seals, Lord of Verona; so the tombs were intriesiing from that fact, as well as their imposing appear ance Como. Our next stopping place was Como. We went first, as usual, to the cathedral, with which 1 was very agreeably surprised. I thought the painted windows in the chancel exceedingly beautiful, especially one in the centre—the Last Supper—the perspective of which was wonderful, and also the coloring of the distant hills behind the figure of Jesus Near the roof are some small round windows filled with amber glass, which threw lovely color, like golden sunlight, into the rather dark nave. There are many ; fine altar pieces and two large banners of tapestry hanging up in the nave; also a fine painting, “St. Jos-ph with the Child Jesus,” the last and best work of Marches!, Ibis cathedral seemed more like our own home ones. Sailed up the Lake of Como fo Colico at I the top and back again. Como is the largest of Italy’s lakes, and the most beautiful. It is 33 miles long, and from one to three miles in width. The steamers are larger than those on Loch Lomond, and the pas sengers were nearly all English tourists. The lake is indescribably beautiful, I never saw such grand scenery before. The moun tains are so high and green almost to the summits, on the lower slopes are vine yards and olive trees, with houses and churches dotted about everywhere ■ n such impossible looking out of the way places The highest ranges were capped with snow, which glistened in the sunlight and added anew charm to the landscape The lake winds greatly, and each different view seemed finer than another. There are many piers on both sides of the lake I thought Menaggio, Bsllaggio, and Caddenabbon the prettiest places among so many. The Water was a lovely green, a delightful breeze blowing, a glorious sunshine; the wisteria and lybur nam climbing everywhere, and willows dip ping their graceful branches into the water’s edge. Bad we not seen Lake Como, wo should have missed one of our most enjoy able days. On 21st April we left Italy, and all of us with regret. We had a splendid time everywhere, and everything, excepting the services in St. St, Peter’s, Rome, on Easter Sunday, came up to our expectations. We travelled once again through the great St. Gothard Tunnel to Lucerne, where we broke our journey for a week seeing the sights there. Then pro ceeded to Strasburg, where we stayed a day and night, and saw its famous cathedral and marvellous clock. Brussels claiming our remaining tune one week, and then we crossed the Channel from Ostend, and reached old England on the last of our 60 dajs’ pilgrimage. Sir John Lubbock, in bis ‘ Pleasures of Life,’ says, we may have read the most vivid and accurate description, we may have pored over maps and plans and pictures, and yet the reality will burst on us like a revelation. This is true not only of mountains and glaciers, of palaces and cathedrals, but oven of the simplest ex imples. Not only does a thorough love and enjoyment of travelling by no means interfere with the love of home, but, per haps, no one can thoroughly enjoy hia home who does not sometimes travel They are like exertion and rest—each the complement of the other Ihe tour more than realised our dreams; it was all pleasure and no draw backs, free from all cares of any kind, just only too delightful to have lasted; a time we shall all have the greatest pleasure in look ing back upon as long as we live, and along with the pleasure of it, let us hope it has been what the promoters intended it should be—educational 