SPOETIKG. Br 'Anouit's ohobt' Fdn the G. N. Hurdle Bkoe, I1 like Et)8e. stem, Bishoff, or Ripple, and for the G. N. Steeplechase Diatnio, Biltorn, and JOI. A football match between the Union aud a Grong Grong team was played. in the Park, on Saturday, anl resulted in a victory foe the formerby U goals tu nil. Aseiiea of. polo. matches were played at Hay last week. The flret between Narao-. ui:it* nuu u.cr.11 i.ury icpuiteu.iu n.vitmuiy &u;^ the farmer by 3 goals to 1: This match was vjery exciting, the play being very f -et ana olose. A poa.1 wits scored in each quarter liy N*rsndora, and obtained'fheir'nomber in the first tbreo quarters, and Kerarbury soared during the last quarter. The next round was between G.oongal and LUy, and ra cnlte 1 in a, win for tbe. former by 9 goals tp 1.. On. Friday the firal wai played: between. Narandera and Groongal, aud our represen tatives won. by 4. goals to. nil, M?Ph rson. acoring two goali, S. Galley one, and M; Jenkins onej. O. Andrews, who is located ab the Star Hotel, hu« nice team, in work at present. Good.8olid.wark.hi*.been;gjveu.-iOrLucyand: Silver Rose, while- Escapade- (who- is stiff ?ore) goes fail ly well. A new. addition to hi* team is Sunstroke, who is about to be pnt into work again.. A fijlv in the stable that looks likely, to pay. hep. way. ia Little F o (afuiltsi.te* io Bed Base), by Splendor. — Flor*nce. Lucy was put over the hurdle* on Saturday morning, but shaped badly.. She ii in seed of schooling. Jim Beck i* giving Sunfly and Sundot plenty of good solid work, on which they. ?eem to thrive, and will no doubt' hold their own at the spring meeting. Welartgang-. is given steady work, with a brush home. Silver Rose (who is in Show condition) doe* ?teady work. The Boss Tailor, who. look*, well, is Mill on the shelf, and' will soon be put into work afain. The latest arrival in the stable is a full brother to Bel Giorno, b* Sui ~\se— Antelope. This young gentleman. is a bay— a real Sunrise to look at — and- when lie matures he will take a lot of. beat-' ing. He haa been brought up by a foster mother— a buggy mare— his dam dying: when Iw was a couple of days old. J. Hoysted has a nice team in work at the racecourse. Waxworks is doing good work. : ciiiz (aunsnowers orotner) in improving. Stewardess and Lindsay go freely, the latter especially so. Turmoil ie being schooled over the hurdles, and seemed to be improving until Saturday, wbeu after going once round (splendidly, he blundered and fell on his head, tu- ning a complete somer sault. It was thought thai he h;id broken his neck, and it will be Bonn time before he will be abl* to rac*. Bosh Hoyeted, who was pilot, had fortunately a lucky escape, getting only a slight shaking. Nimrod and Clansman, two candidate* for jumping honors, are going well. The for mer jumps very well for a new chum. W. Baldwin has Daybreak ia work again, and ia coming en nicely. G. Honey nas Twilight in hand, but does not look too gay, having btea on the lick list;. Ted Curran has Woodlands looking nice and big, bnt he dots not teem to pssana a* much dash of foot a* of yore. Alt. Lenehan ha* St. Sierra- '»» »loe buckle, and if her lee doet n-|.-%et any won* All will lead baok a-^&jur; at the forthcoming races. She goes «k«ly in her work. Early Horn, who bag returned from down touth, looks well, and I believe his owoar intends to ipve him a change at the forthcom ing races. Jack Foley'e pair of ponies, Fuze and Explosive, look nice, the latter is a fine stamp of a pony, and one tbat is likely to more than hold hi* own amongst the 13 hand* diviiion. Jim M'Kenzie'a trio— Lubra, Glycerine and Little Hope— are all going well, the former especially «o. Jack Sauuderson has returned from Vic toria, but he has only tbe pony Jet in work. She looks very well. On Saturday morning, Sunfly, Sundot, ana Sweet Rose oanterod once round the count., and the second time at a good sound pace, dniug the mils and furlong running 13 yards wide, so as to clear tbe hurdles, in 2.16. Suufly at the finish had her head in front. Waxworks axd Wooalanos toofe 2.20 to no the same journey, the former going splendidlv. Jet, Glycerine and Lubra went 4J furlongn, outside the hurdles, the last four furlong occupying 67 J sees., Lubra being lengths ahead. All the rest did geoi work. Up to date 28 entries have been received for the Trial Stakes to b« run at the annual meeting of the Karauuera Turf Club in 1896. The attention of those interested in the Trial Stakes to be ran at the annual meeting of the Naraodera Turf Club in 1898, i« drawn to the f aot tbat the but day for reoeivint; entries ii Wednesday (to-morrow) «p to 9 p.m. Hone owners and trainer* an rsqassM to bear iu mind that nomination* for the SV Hurdle Bate, Spring Handiosp and Augnsf Handicap, in connwition with the Spring Meeting oi tbe Narandera Turf Crab dote with tha hon. Moretary, Mr H. O. Tragoomba ?t Knssetr* Koyal Mail Hotel to-morrow (Wednesday) evening at 9 o'clock. A ooarnng nuteh for £6 a ride, will take ptaoe at tbe raoe ooune to-morrow (Wednes day). August 14, the opening day of tbe Naran dera raoe*, ha* been proclaimed a public holiday. 'Aamoden*' In th* Leader e»y* that Baltpru is the mo»t promblng ?MepleehiMr tn training down sonth, and predicts a great future for the horse, . For the Mdbonrne Cup £2000 to £80 bos ,been taken Dream'and, £1000 to £40 The Harvester, and £1000 to 432 Atlas. The Admiral and Port Admiral — own ^brothers —have bson doing well lately. Any really good-claw horse, fit and well, would ;*fc what they have done. It is a ooinci dence that the owners of eaob, Messrs Cook and Bladder, have won distinction aa growlers at the handicappers. Dreamland has been entered for a oouple of races at the Y-A.T.C, Grand National Mceting Cnulfield and Melbourne Cup acceptance! next Monday, when the list* should be weeded out considerably. Eallnrft is being backed for the V. B.C. Derby, but Bob Ray, Wallace and Ainrit holo\ their place* at 7 to 1 each. At the Jeiiiderle Show, in the draught ssctipA Nowranie earned off six first prizes, unS the obampion lor 'mft»*; Hamilton Bros, soored first e,n I champion with thalr draught 'stallion Itpyal Prinee, In the thoroughbred! the «un* owners aoored honors. Mr Grant, of. Colombo, obtained a first for - two-year-old. In tbe olaa* for hack ridd*n by a lady mre six oompetitort, th* winner being, aplendidly ridden by Miss. M. Cunninchanv ' 