[?] The Haunted I'll House. A NARRATION OF FACTS UNAIDED BY FIPTION. [By Feddballieb-.] CHAPTEB IV. Mrs Willet was a plump woman not much over 40, and anyone not knowing her age would certainly not estimate it at more than seven or eight and thirty. There were several children living, the eldest being then about 15 years of age, and it was re ported since a change in circumstances had set m ; they had had rather a harder time of it than heretofore. But there waB another reason for this falling off of a mother's natural affection which was not suspected at the time. When a certain moral change aets in it sometimes happens that children ?re in the way, and the change of bearing of the disaffected parent generally falls unhappily on the children. Had these children been older they would have been suspicious of the affection displayed to wards young Olliers, for while she became sharp and impatient in her addresses to them she w&3 always the exact contrary in her behaviour towards him. Although Willet had been apparently hard pressed for money previous to his de parture, yet the business was continued by hit wife and Olliera without difficulty. la deed it became a joke in the village that 'the grass-widow was. a better business man than her husband,' as she was always ready when the cash was due, and when small farmers would themselves deliver ' a tarn of wheat ' at the mill sh« would sometimes pay them cash down, in order, as she said, to save her the journey to the weekly corn exchange. Affairs went on thus for some months, the vil lagers meanwhile asking news of their late neighbour. Various replies were given from time to time. He had, it was re ported, arrived safely at New York, and and had secured employment while he was looking round for a suitable opening for himself. At another time it was said he had gone out West to look at a water-way which might be utilised for milling pur poses. Again, he would be back in the North, undecided as to his future actions ; and these statements were always given in 10 cheerful a manner that it was remarked ?he didn't seem^to grieve much at the separation. During all this time no one ?eems to have heard her express a wish to join him. Endeavours were made to elicit information from the children, and in their innocent prattle came a cue to the more, eager and inquisitive, who began to whisper there was a reason why the separation sat bo lightly on the wife's mind. ' Bid mother often kiss them now father was away ? ' Kis3 them enough for both parents ? i:Oh! yes, and mother kiBsea Tom too sometimes, when they are by themselves ! ' This was sufficient to rouse the sleepy intelligence of the natives, and they became more observant. Later on it appears there was evident reapon for a Bpeoial scandal, and only one construction could be entertained under the circum stances. Yet presently the yokels rubbed their eyes as though they had been dream ing; for lo! their neighbour had been about' in the business as UBtial with the exception of a few days withdiu-val while she had a bad turn of headache and bil iousness to which she was subject. About twelve months after Willet had left one of the villagers reBolved to emigrate, and having been a customer for some years at the mill, he made it his business to call and ask whether he could take a letter, parcel, or a uivtmaxv *p mB OJLU inona, **-» ae would like to look him up on his way to the far West. Mrs Willet was taken by surprise, little thinking such an event would happen. Apparently she did not wish anyone to call upon her husband. She didn't want any letter or message taken, as the post was available for what was necessary in that way. The man was Bob to be put off, as he was anxious to see his old neighbour, although she pleaded he would not care to be called upon in his altered circumstances; but the man per sisted, until at laat she gave him an address which it was said would be likely to find him, provided he had not made another remove by the time he got there. The reception met with at the mill waB repeated in the village, and the interpreta tion was that Mrs Willet feared some of the talk of the people in reference to herself and Olliera would reach his ears and that - he might return, especially if he heard the usineas was as thriving as ever. Mr Willet had been gone now about a year and a half; still nothing was ever mooted about Following him out. Summer had come again, and the genial weather promised a good harvest; employment was plentiful, and a healthy tone Beemed to pervade the whole district. Brighter faces were eeon at the mill house, especially among the children, for they had been promieed a large party, which; meant a real good time tor them. A'gocdly number of children responded to their invitations, and a grand time was held; The day passed, but some of the elder ones remained till later hours, and it was quite eleven o'clock before the last good-bywas said, and the household were left to retire. Tip to the very last Mrs Willet had been in the best of spirits, mixing in with the little ones, directing their play and seeing every wish was satisfied. But a surprise was at hand, and to all appearance ex pected by none in that household of mirth and enjoyment— a surprise which flew over the village and district almost as quickly as electric wires could have sup plied it, Early labouring men passing across the common before six o'clock the following morning were staggered to see the drawn blinds of the mill house aud the window shutters closed nearest the front entrance ; although the wind was blowing freshly the mill was still and the sails reefed, no signs of anyone moving except for the smoke which was issuing from a chimney at the back. The signs were unmistakable — those of death. Even while they stood looking towards the house, wondering who could have baea so suddenly called away, the death toil from the vil lage belfry fell on their ears, the number of the toll signifying the victim was a male of full age. Who could it be ? Not Olliers, for'.he was alive and well but yesternight ! No, not he, for even while they were cogitating he was seen coming under the belt of fir trees from the direction of the sexton's house, where he had been to give notice for the death knell. A village death is always a memorable event, no matter who the de parted may be, nor to which class he may belong, for every face is known &3 well as the calling he followed ; and although the gap may be soon filled up, yet the familiar face is missed, and his removal is discussed until in course of time a fresh victim falls, and the individualism of the subject is changed. Olliers made aa though he would avoid the waiting! villagers, (but he fer force must pass near to them; and the dire news must be told sooner or later, and as he came nearer to them he stopped, and, half reeling, leaned against one of the fir trees and waited, One of the party approached him, asking in an awed voice, ' Who is it ?'!^ CHAPTFR V. . In real distress young Olliers could only mutter— ' Poor Willett' — then . seeing' more was expeoted he presently added— ' We have just had the news ;' then apparently deeming this sufficient he waved his awe stricken audience away and moved on towardb the house to cover his feelings, reaching which the door was opened and closed behind him an though his return had been waited for. As Eoon as the report had become generally known there was much commiseration, sympathy, and real regret shown and tendered by the villagers, especially as they would be de prived of their walk of respect to their friend's grave. Later on it was reported that Willet had taken cold in the early s: ring time through not understanding the sudden changes of the climate. Willetf s cold was followed by fever, and missing the comforts of his English home inflamma tory symptoms set in, and after only a few days illness he succumbed. Such was the information given, and the excitement was so . great that it seems the question was not then asked as to how the news was received. Certainly it did not reaoh them through the village post-office, because the mail was not received there until eight . o'clock and was not given out until nine. It might have been supposed to have reached there through a medium in the town, for since Willet had left neither a letter to or from him had passed through the village post, but a letter received in the town- the previous day should have reached them long before mid night, and it must have been an early messenger to have delivered it by five o'clock in the morning ; but the public mind did tot ruminate in this direction, nor did the question arise in my own mind until others equally important demanded a thoughtful consideration. Mrs Willet was a grass widow no longer, but in her deep mourning was a very graceful widow indeed, and it was very commonly remarked that her weeds became her. About a month after this a letter was received from the emigrant who applied for Willet's whereabouts, saying he had been much disappointed at not finding his old neighbour at the address given him, indeed he thought there had bean a mis take in writing it omfc, for although h© found a terrace as mentioned in a street off one of the suburban avenues, yet it was; not the street indicated, nor was the number correct;, and all enquiries ?ailed in discovering the name of Willet in any part of the distriotj perhaps he might; have .passed undtr another name and this would account for the hesitancy and confusion displayed by Mrs Willet when he enquired for the address. He had left New York to go_ up to Nebraska, thoroughly disap pointed. This untoward letter did not cause the talk it might otherwise have done, for the greater subject of Willef s death ?ccupied their attention still, and the emigrant's non-success was soon forgotten, or but Jittle alluded to. Time went on, so did the mill business and the usual village life. The widow did not long grieve for her' departed. She was very soon quite herself again, the weeds were discarded, and she was hardly out of them before she was in another husband's arms, married to her quandam apprentice within nine months of that early morning death toll. Within twelve months ot their marriage they decided to give up milling and change their calling, x'he^mill was advertised, negotiations ensued, and thus it was my brother and I became the new proprietors. CHAPTER VI. I have before stated that being very young men, and of course unmarried, it was arranged that our foreman should reside in the house, and our wants should be attended to by his wife, who, haviner no family, was able to give us the requisite attention without inconvenience. We chose our rooms facing the mill and the common, leaving all the rear premises to our foreman and housekeeper. We had been domiciled in our new home for about aifortnighr, had received and returned a number of calls, had listened to good a deal of tslk about our predecessors, as a matter of course, and had generally found our way to bed thoroughly tired out, so that we did not need to couct sleep which quickly aud refreshingly comes to healthy youths such as we were at that time. One night we had retired rather later, yet not quite so fatigued at usual, and lay talking over the events of the day, little dreaming our first experience of a ghastly drama was about to befall us. Our talk carried us close on till midnight before the candle popping was enacted. We shared the same rcom for the sake of company. Only a few minutes of darkness had elapsed, just time enough for our settling down ere we said our mutual good nigH, when my brother turned quickly towards me, saying— ' Did you hear that, Alf . ?' I turned my head and distinctly heard the pie-pat of some one walking on the landing outside our ioom, and, thinking our people were wanting something from below, I remarked ''Tin only Yeates or his wife on the move.' I then turned myself over again and was soon slumber bound. Iu the morning we mentioned having heard our housekeeper or her husbaTad moviDg about during the night and were puzzlei at their state rue at that they had not left their room atter entering and locking the door. Thus we left the matter without solving the mystery. A few night3 afterwards we were again belated, and before the extin guisher was used we again heard the pit pat, pit-pat as before, |this time continuing as they apparently came up the staircas. My brother, not relishing the uncanny sounds, put out the candle and jumped into bed. Being both wide awake enough this time we listened. The pit- pat had reached thelandingand was crossingthe hall towards our own door. Doubtless someone would knock, and we should learn what was wanted and who was the sleep-walker, as we imagined our visitor must be. The pit-pat, pit-pat continued'; no knocking had followed, and to our dismay we heard it actually in our room, the measured tread crossing along between the foot of the bed and the dresaing-table -pit-pat, pit-pat still going, making for the western wall, against which stood a chest of drawers, and towards the left-hand corner where there used to be a doorway, now built up and papered over. We concluded the noise muBt be caused by rats beneath the flooring, crossing towardB the ware house into which the door used to open, through wfeich door poor Willet used to go, thus^ making a quick journey to the mill which waB sometimes necessary at night time, as being a post-mill, should the wind come up strongly in an opposite direction to which it had gone down there was a danger of the mill being tail- winded and being blown over unless the miller was handy to avoid such an accident. At such a time he would lift the tail ladder by the help of a lever, then go to the wheel and push the mill into the wind. Surmising as to the rats we turned over and slept the sleep of the unsuspecting. Aa before we mentioned the occurrence^ but our foreman scouted the idea of rats, seeing the joists were laid in a transverse direction, and the flooring ran in the direction the noise went ; besides rats went with a scuttling sound and not a regular pit- pat' as we described. The noise came so of tea after this that we began to get ueed to it, scarcely noticing it, as we never saw any.; thing, only if we talked the pat-pat would Btop as though waiting till all waB quiet; when it would resume its usual route; We did not ga to Bleep so readily one night after the sound kad passed, and were not a little surprised to hear the pit- pat returning the same way as it cam1?, through the walled-up doorway, crossing the room, through the door across the hail,' down the staircase, getting fainter and less, distinct as 't went, and we distinctly heard the creak of the lower staircase as though the gruesome thing was finding its way down into the lower and cellaric regions. Shortly after this my brother and myself were working on the upper floor of the warehouse at a heap of pollard which was in a corner— the corner where the doorway used to be before it was closed up, which connected the bedroom with the warehouse. A run had set in for ground pollard ; the wind being light we were obliged to fall back on our reserve stock. We were not . sorry at this, because, should the warm weather set in, the pollard would- as a rule begin to get warm, and if it heated' would cake or go hard. In those daysolal was sold by measurement, and heated pollard meant certain loss, aB it would lie ' closer in the bushel and measure- out Iosb, so we were measuring it up into bags ready for the trade. If there were four or eight' bushels when measured it would go out at this quantity when needed, and- after bagging the probability of its heating was minimised. We had worked well at the , heap, were nearing the corner, when both of us noticed a dark stain on the floor* My brother said, .. 'What's that Alf.P' : ; ' Why, Ned, it is only some dark red paint spilled in the mixing.' I answered. 'No,' he rejoined, 'it doesn't look like that, and there's no red painting about the - premises.' Then shortly he went on' in quite a startled manner, 'Why this is just the corner where that - horrid noise comes to, and returns from. ' I believe something wrong has been eoinn '??' on here!' ? B ; We had mentioned those noises to bujc' friends. They had laughin gly joked us at living in a naunted house, and we had frequently joined in the laugh. Now we added our later news, with my brother's suggestion of something wrong having taken place, when our old friend, the father of a large family of girls, at whoBe house we», -were then chatting, quietly remarked, drawing his long clay pipe from his mouth and blowing a whiff of smoke enough to shape into a good-sized ghost 'I shouldn't wonder, for they were a . queer lot come to hear all about them and put things a bit together.' We had been ' in the country about three months when our father informed ua that the doctor had recommended a permanent change of air for my mother, and he was thinking, if we had no objection, that it would be nice for ' all if they left the town for a while and ' came to reside with us. Under his super- ? vision we two could carry on the mill worifc ; and thus save the cost of our foreman. We closed^ with the suggestion immediately. The change was soon made, to the delight of all, especially our sisters, who were younger than ourselves, and who were as charmed with the place as ?' we had been on our first visit. We had informed our people of the very queer noises, but they treated it as non sense, aud came to us quite unprejudiced - but soon after they had settled down. they began to hear a distinctly different set of alarms on their side of the house, some of '- tnem most unaccountable even now, ai though blows were being struck and children were scuttling out of reach of them, colliding with a tea-tray or some ' other obstacle in their anxiety to get away. Then at dead of night we would all hear distinctly the thud, thud, aa if a blunt instrument being driven into the earth, which, although we tried our utmost we could not fathom, for while we were in the house the sound appeared as though outside, and to those m the house it was so muffled that it could not be located. We thought perhaps it might come from the stables, S?*:^1 f11 was 1uiet« whiIe tll*e thud' thud, thud still continued, and always alter these sounds would the^ pit-pat, - pit-pat be heard ^along the weU-Jcnown traok. (To be continued) 