Heat Food for Nervous People. Pobk is good for nervous persons, bnt is not easily digested. Wild game is excellent. Fish » good for nervoui people. Eggs boiled just enough to harden the while are easily digested. It is a mistake about people eating tso much. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too ' hard and not eating enough. When a man i begins to suffer from overwork he should eat i plenty of good bread and butter, drink two ; quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good | meat. When soeh a person resorts to a I vegetable diet he crows weaker and loses his nerve power. At a meeting of the Anthropological Insti tute, Mr. James G. Fraser read a paper on 'Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Soul.' The Romans had a oastom that when a man who nad been reported to have died abroad 're- turned borne alive, he should enter hie. house, not by the door, but over the roef. This custom (whioh ia still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain prlmitivo beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an unburied man was supposed to haunt and molest the living, especially hiB relatives. Hence the importance attsohad to the burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost should not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in effigy, and this flotitioos barial was held to be sufficient to lay the wandering ghost, f grit is a prinoiple of primitive thought that what is done to the effigy of a man is done to the man himself. TbeCireotorresdapaperby Admiral F. S. Ircmlett, on the ' Soulptured;-Dolnionsot the Morbihan' (tforth- weet Frsnob.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on the interior surfaces of the oap-stones and their supports. It is remarkable that tbey are oon fined within a dittanoeof about 12 miles, and are all situated assr the sea-coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a oomplete absence ol soulptures. The sculptures vary in intricacy, from simple wave-lines and oup-markinga, to some that have been compared to tbe tattooing ot the Now ZeaUnders,— Tinouikigt. Tiif.f.s liave uLout as linrd '.imea ae tbc rest of un (or licit trunks uro often ucized for Junkie's Favobitb. — ''What are your dolliu's nnmcK, Jonnicf' 'Juiinic. Jennie, and Jotnie,' returned Jennie. 'But why have you called them ull Juimiur' ' I've named them after my favorite littlo girl.' ' Indeed ! Wbo is ehof' ' I'm her ' 