AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY FROM COOLGARDIE. A writer In the AdeUIde " Standard" gives th# fellowlng ixlraordlnery eiperi- eios:— 'As I htv# often told yon, tbe Weitern Auatriliin nigger II ns besnty, natthar ! ha of maflh MB. bflt h# htl BUB redeeming ftatare, bs oin find water In pltoes that no white man would over dream of aoarcbia r fer U j but tbe fellewe who b»ng round ceicps are net of mnob real eervloe. Tbe wild tribes tn tbe btok oonntry tre tbe ueefnl sntmels, but It In no nssy mitter to get oae of those rtvegte to point o#t a 1 eoik to n whit# f#ltow. They will take #11 the dsmptr, tobuoo, and tinned camel yon oar# to girs tbim, or tbst they ctn a'cal, and thiy will readily pro mise to find ' plenty gebbing.' As yon know 'gabbing means water In their Ilqnid langnage, which is about IB sweet to listen to is tbelr faces tre to look upon. Bnt after fooling yon round the bash snti they know by tbe gleam in ysur sye that yon won't stand tbem any longer they suddenly disappear In tbe boBh, and U is not a healthy sort of amnsement hinting for tbem when they onoe get a geod start In that forest. The proepeotore ont back gife tbem a day or two to fiod water ; if they de not find it then they tie tbe nigger te a tree and keep blm there nntll he is as dry ai tbe inside of an oyster bell. Then they let him go and follow him. Ae a rale the ooon makes a straight dire for tbe nearest water. Tbey say that thi men of tbsir tribe will kill any sarnge who gives op tt e eeorot of these precious waterhelee. Away beyond Idgery a eoaple ef prespoctora— - one of whom Is a well known Adelaide boy—- got oloan oot of water, and tbey feared that they had looked tbelr last on tbe City of Oberchtt, for they were too far ont to bepe te get back to any cMIfBed Ae they 'ay drraming at tbe fU»b of dawn foetfall hoft ati tbe carta? of a snowflake on a scam of Boot, broke tbe dsatb-like atillnese, a twig broko, and then a sable warrior and bis gin glided into the white min's oamp, and nilendy as ghosts began to loot it. Hid the whites been sleeping tbey would never bare beard the stealthy marauders. Tbe diggers lay still and waited for a chinoe te spring. The obanoe name, and tho Adelaide man wonnd bis arms arennd tbe akiary legs of tbe warrior. Tbe gin got away aod tbe 1 bnck kioked and bit and foogbt, and get half strangled for hie palae. Thon he was fod on dry damper aud salt fish, and tied to a tree UDlil moreing. At daylight bo get another ample food— salt bacon this limo . —Hind was asked bow far it was from tbe nearest wrier-bole. He cenld take 'a mtxlnro of English and nigger dialect, and this ia 'wbat he taid 1 Giodab get up, while pellow walks- walka-walka, gindah tnmble down, wbite fellow eit down, sleep, make 'ui pleoty ploor ; gindah getnp, wbite pellow walka walka-walka, gindah tnmble down, white pellow lit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plesr gindah get np, white pellow walka-walka- walks, gindah tnmble down, white pillow get gabbing.' ThiB being interpreted meant tbat tbe nearest water was three days travel frem that spot. The whites would have to be on tho more from sanriee to sanest. Gindah msans tbs sna ; . when gindah tembles down it Is sundown ; white fellow sit down meaos camp for nigbt. The witnesses did not believe tbat tale, and tbey gave the darkle te onder- atand unmistakably that they donbted hie veracity, bat he refused to bodge en mob, and tbey soon eaw tbat be bad realised tbat tbey were far more in need of water than be was, and he made ap bis mind to sit tbe show oot. At midday they shifted him from tbe shade of the tree aod turned hie faoe towards tbe snn and left blm te think tfaiogs over, bound hand and foot to qnioken bis mental faonlties. At iinriB# next morning he was as obstinate as formerly, and they were half crasy from tblrst, but they dimly understood bis little gams Hie gin bad gone off for help to her tribe, and trouble wae looming ip for tbem. Tben tbey opened bis month and staffed it half-fell of salt, and propped bis teeth apart with a stiok. He stood that for three mortal hours in the son while tbey stood revolvers in band, waiting In tbe shade watohing for the trioo. At last ihe nigger came to tbe coooltnion that he bad better give in or bo picked, and he marmured boekily 'hroegh bis baked lipp, 'He find 'm gabby.' Tbrn they tied Lis hande behind bis bark, hobbled him with a robe so tbat bo couui walk but not xuii, covered kim with their revolvers, and Invited Liui to preceeil ; and he dil, and at eindewn they wero quenchiog their thir8 at a goed soak, and Ihe b'ack drank like a carnal after thirty dava' abatieonce." 