THE HYPNOTIST. A PRESENT BAY STORY OP THE GHASTLY KIND. OCCULT SCIENCE UNYEILED. (By "The Owl.") The wind howled and the storm roared regardless of expense. (N.B. — It will be noticed thut nonrly all the modern mystery- mongers from Murie Corelli down to Guy Boothby open their novels with a thunder storm). But, as we woro remarking, the storm roared. It was a louder and wilder and moro terrible storm than any of Goorge Kig- nold's. Tlio lightning lit up in " lambent flamos " tlio "lowering masses of black clouds " ; the thunder " reverberated in subterranean caverns," and everything was "majestic and grand" — providing tho printer did not hash up the copy. Wo sat huddled together in a gloomy cavern under a rock in the Bloody Murder Ranges. There was Thompson, tho Mollonito, who kopt going off into trances about tho beauty of the weather ; Johnson, tho per forming hypnotist, and myself. We were all searchers into the Unseen, and had been out ghost-hunting in the mountains since early morn. Thompson bore a butterfly- not, Johnson was armed with a trontiBO by Madame Blavatsky, and I carried a bottle of whisky. Although conditions were extremely pro pitious, wo had not caught a singlo ghost. There wore evidently no reincarnated Cissies or Josephines in those mountains. Wo woro just about giving up tlio search ill despair when tho thunderstorm drove us to tako shelter in the cavorn aforesaid. It was a particularly gloomy cavorn — one of tho most appropriate caverns for a tragic occurrence that I have chanced upon in tho whole course of my literary ex perience. I would like to have decoyed somo Thoo- sophical Johnnie into that cavorn aud frightened tho devil out of ltirn. The wall3 oozed out a singular red ooze equal to the best murder and suicide liquid of fiction. . . There was a musty odor about the place such as is only found in cemeteries and Bidor Haggard's stories. The cavern might have been used as a place de assassination by a business-like up-to-date gang of Itussian conspirators. Some of our genial aud lively Australian writers would havo devotod two whole chapters to a description of that cavo ! Immediately wo entered it Thompson, who is dead nuts on tho occult and myste rious, began poking about ill search of skulls, or other interesting fragments of human anatomy. He succeeded in rooting out a black- jumper's nost, and discontinued. While I was rubbing some wliieky into Thompson, Johnson came up after a quiet commune with tho Unseen in the rear of the cave. Ho said, "Ye powers, what hath hap pened?" I said, " Thompson's boon bitten by a non-thoosophical nest of bulldog ants." Johnson said : " Ha 1 a clear caso for the application of my mesmeric influences. Shall I make a few passes over him ? 'Twill ease the pain." As Thompson was in oxtrome anguish he consented to being hypnotised. Johnson, who is a managing member of the Society for tho Promotion of Scientific Mesmerism, accordingly set to work. First of all ho seized his patient by the leg and threw him down. Then he tweaked Thompson's nose. Next he proceeded to mako freo passes in front of Thompson's face. At the expiration of five minutos he asked tragically : "Art thou gone off?" " Nota gone," replied Thompson ; " bettor put more steam on ! " The mesmerist, rolled his patient about on the floor of the cave. Meanwhile the thunder snarled as if it meant business. The lightning also flashed and the rain fell in sheets. We woro exactly 25 miles from tho nearest public-house, and all we had with us in the way of lunch was one ship's biBCuit and a half a bottle of bush whisky. Everything promised well for sensational " copy." Johnson kept on mesmerising Thompson while I took notes on the tail of my Bhirt with a piece of charcoal. We had no copy-paper with us, and I felt cold without my shirt, but it was all in the interests of science and next week's " bonrd and lodging. After about three-quarters of an hour or so Thompson fell into a deep mesmeric trance. Johnson pointed this out to me as a clear proof of bis hypnotic influences, the genuineness of which I liad openly doubted on previous occasions. "He sleepeth!" cried Johnson, ecstati cally. Just then Thompson snored. I doubted no longer, but seizing Johnson by the hand wrung it wnrmly. " It is indeed a marvollous gift," I cried. "You could mako a fortune on tho pro vincial stage. Go, friond, go upon tho lecture platform and I will bo thy trea surer and advance agent and business manager. Between us we should be able to rob tbo public with caso aud grace." He promised to give tho proposal his early and carnost consideration. Meanwhile, while the storm roared without, and our friond and follow scientist snored within, we applied oursolves to the whisky. At this juncture night began to fall. I mentioned the matter to Johnston. He made a note of it. The cave grew darker and darker. We were surrounded by mystery, whisky, and snores. I remarked to Johnston that in case the weather did not clear for a week we would bo without provisions. A swollen river, a flooded gully, and eighteen distinct and different mountains lay betweeu us and the nearest habitation. As Johnston had shown himself to bo possessed of suporior judgment I consulted him on the matter of food. Ho laughed airily. "We will catch fish in tho river," he said. I was about to congratulate him on his originality and resource, when I remem bered that wo had no fish-hooks. I mentioned tho fact, but Johnson was not th'e man to allow a little thing like that to disconcert him. "If we can't catch fish," said he " wo will get a$(ingo." " said he, " an excollent idea, an admirable idea," but on afterthought I added, " there are no dingoes in these ranges." For one half second ho appeared to get angry, then lie smiled. " What a fool you are. If we can't get fish or dingoes then we can eat Thompson." I soized him by the hand and wrung it warmly. " You are a genius," I cried j "a perfect genius. I never thought of Thompson as a food supply, but now that you have. sug gested him I can quite understand your original gifts. Will we eat him mesmerised or raw ?" He said : " Both. Some mesmerised and some raw. Hero, I will sketch out our bill of fare for a week !" Whereat ho tore off a piece of my shirt, and, seizing the charcoal, sketched out the following appetising menu. Sunday — Pate de Thompson gras. Monday — Thompson on the Shell. Tuesday — Devilled Thompson. Wednesday — Thompson a la mode. And if the weather continues : — Thursday — Jugged. Thompson. Friday — Thompson a la Poisson. Saturday — Thompson Fritters. " By that time," said tho ingenious Johnson, "I reckon wo will just about have come to the end of our bill of fare and finished Thompson." "But," I exclaimed, "supposing the weather still keeps bad, what will we do for food after Saturday ?" Johnson smiled genially on me. " After Saturday," he replied, " 1 will begin to'' eat you I" With these words the storm began to howl like old boots, and the rain fell with deeper earnestness. I expressed my deep obligations to John son, but I couldn't help remarking after due apology that tho arrangements would be more satisfactory to me if I ato him. Ho wouldn't admit the forco of this argument, although I made it quite logically clear, p Wo discussed tho point at somo length, 1 whilst Thompson Bnored. In the end we | agreed to wake the latter np, and psk him | to act as an arbitrator in the dispute. Accordingly Johnson dragged Thompson around by tho log, and bumped his head against stones and things till he returned to consciousness. Ho said it was no qso making passos over a person in tho dark, so ho adopted tho usual way of arousing a patient from a mesmeric sleep, which provailed under the circum stances. As soon as Thompson awoko he expressed himself as feeling refreshed. He also asked for the whisky. Wo passed him tlio bottle. Thompson held it to liis mouth in the dark, and then indignantly called out that it was empty ! Wo told him that ho had drunk it all during his mesmeric sleep. He nearly wept with vexation, and said that it was a dashed Rhame on our part to let him waste good liquor like that and got no benefit from it. Then we laid the points of our argument before him and, lighting a match, sliowod him tho bill- of-fare we had drawn up while ho was in his trance. He did not seem to appreciate Johnson's genius a bit, and as for tho dispute, he re fused to act in tho matter at all. This inconsiderate selfishness on Thomp son's part quito spoiled the sociableness of tho party. Johnson was quite offended. He said ho would just wait for daylight and make his way to tho public-houso in spite of tho weather. The hours of night passed wearily. Matters wore so strained between Thomp son and Johnston, and the former growled bo continuously about what ho was pleased to call our " damned foolishness " in letting him finish the whisky while he was asleep, that I was not sorry when morning broke. (N.B. — Morning is always expected to break in fiction, but I have never yet seen morning break anything in fact.) It turned out to be a beautiful day. Whereon wo left tho cave and sallied forth from the Bloody Murder Mountains. Wo got back to tho public- houso afore said and had bacon and eggs for brenkfast. But by the way Johnson regarded Thompson all the timo he was eating, I felt sure that the membor of the Society for the Promotion of Scientific Mesmerism had another menu in his mind. (The End.) Author s Note. — If the reader is not thoroughly satisfied with the sequel to this hypnotic horror, I would recommend him to read modern writers of the imaginative school. Personally, I deal entirely with jacts. — The Owli 