A RUS IAN GHOST STORY. When the -Winter Palace was finished the empress appointed a day for taking possession of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely" of noblemen, mounted guard in the new castle. A lo:ng, dark corridor leads to the middle door of the white or throne room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men was attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of the throne room. Who could have any_ business at such an unusuul hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors I One of the young men considered it his duty to in"estigate the matter, 'and ap proached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. SThe empress had already arrived,' whispered he; 'she is seated on the throne, directly opposite to the door.' The other also looked through the aperture, and soon verified this to be a fact. The empress was seated in tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia-a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but.it was im possible to ascertain if other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of.. the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said ' You can all now retire ; the empress will not come to-night.' 'But her Majesty is already hers.' 'What I Who ' ' Her Majesty is in the throne room.' SImpossible ! ' fou can see for yourself.' _ The officer looked, immediately recognised the empress, and said, wonderingly ' I cannot understand what the marshal means. _ He had just arrived, and 'ordered that-all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed. her mind and will not arrive to-night. Neverthelesa, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly I At,.all events, I will ascertain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile'do you remain here as the empress may pass this way.' The marshal, Prince Koratin, was fortunately in the palace, and as i?6n as he heard of the mysterious rere'jbt hastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. ° ' My God, it is the empress I Her majesty herself ! What con it mean I' exclaimed he. 'How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence I She was dressed in her usual everyday attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all the entrances tothe throne room be guarded i Let no one go in or out i I will hasten to report at once. The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace temporarily occupied by the empress. ' Where is the empress 1' 'In her sleeping apartment.' The prince looked at the lady of honour with suspicion, and said sharply ' Are you sure that the empress is here I 'Of course; she is preparing to retire.' ' Infor m her instantly that I am here.' In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in night neglig/. Kuratin turned pale. 'Well,' said the empress, 'you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you Is there any news from the army I Kuratin hurriedly related what he had seen. 'It is a knavish trick,' cried Eliza beth. W7e will take a nearer look at these comedians. I will go. in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.' Arrived at the Winter Palace, the castellan was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were commanded to load their guns, and, led by the empress, the little troop betook' themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the keyhole. The door was cautiously opened, and a flood of light filled the corridor. The 'empress stepped within the room, followed by her guards, who placed themselves around her. The room was' brilliantly illuminated, but empty.- On the throne was seated, a shape, the counterpart of -Elizabeth, arrayed inpurple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the royal diadem. Oneinstant Elizabeth gazed -steadfastly -at her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simal taneously'tha spparition "stood up,. stepped down from the throne, and then rerainec standing ai immovable and still.as the eimpress. It was a thrilling moment ! .' Firse!' cried the empress. The guards raised their guns, and all six aimed directly at the ghositly visitant The triggers' snapped. At the same instant the figure clapped its hands together, and the room was plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commatien and confusion, while the empress called--'.Bring lights I' Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abiolutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no one lesve the palace. ' The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of'ths trick,'if trick it were. The occurrence -made- a :deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she would adnit. Eight weeks afterward she died. 