Thackeray's Daughter. \- ? v — ?? — — Mrs Kitcliie' s Recollections Her Famous Father and His Friends. The Bronte Dinner and the Carlyles. ►HACKERAY ex pressed the wish tnat no biography of himself should. be_ written, and there has been none ioi note, so far as we know, except the brief one in the English Men. of Letters Series j but anecdotes of tne great English novelist abound in the literary me moirs of his time. The most de lightful glimpses of him are those afforded in 'Some Chapters of Un written Memories,' ^a.. . . series of papers which, his - daughter, Mssn Annie Thackeray Bitchie, has been contributing ! to: one of i 'the English magazines. They snow ! him only incidentally, however, &m;£ are taken up -with very entertjiining sketches And anecdotes of many of the famous men and women of Thackeray's time. The book begins with the author's childhood days in Paris, where her grandparents made their home. Mrs. Ritchie's ' professor of history ' was a certain quaint old body who, for the behoof of very young ladies, made a feint at giving histori cal lectures, keeping herself laboriously a chapter or so ahead of her pupils, and plunging (Mrs. Ritchie remembers) into the bloody chaos gt fche Merovingian and Garo-i lingian times with a zest comically at odds with her own appearance. This; Mme. P., whose purse was even leaner than her lectures, is the heroine of a pleasant story o$ Tnackeray : When my father came to Parip to feteh ns away, he was interested in the accounts he hea«-J of the old lady fropi hjs mother an-| cousin,. . ....,? J web sent one day to search for a.cjrfcain pillbox iii my father's room, pf which he proceeded to empty the contents into the fireplace, an4 then, drawing a neat banker's roll from his poefcet, to ftjLl up tfe§ little Qube with new napoleons, packing them in closely up to the brim. After whioh, the cover being restored, he wrote the following prescript tion in his beautiful, even handwriting: 'Mine.Tf . , . 3?o be taken oc^agioui ally when required. Signed, Dr. W, ¥«T,' ? . . . From.. JPariB Mrss Ritchie t9-kej us back to London, to the house in Ken-r sington, where her father and hia two little gjtels liyed alone. Thack-« eray would shut himself up in his. study and leave efcrict orders that he was not to be disturbed, but,aJasi they were not always carried out, Among those who oailed was a man $^wJM» Mrs. Jji&hie; sfty§? ber seeing itada fettle pencil sketch in his luaid, %hi^ j(g Jajft behind him upon th§ table* .p. was a very f eeble ifetftghriV seemed scarcely possible that so grand a, ,being sb^ujd jipfe be a bolder draughtsman. He appeared to' us one Sunday morning in the sunshine. When I came down to breakfast I found him sitting beside my father at the table, with an un tasted cup of tea before him ; he seemed to fill the bow- window with radi ance as if he were Apollo ; be leaned against bis chair with one elbow resting on its back, with shimng studs, and curls, and boots. We could see his horse looking in at us over the blind. It was. indeed a sight for little girls to remember all their lives; I think my father had a certain weakness for dandies, those knights of the broadcloth and shining fronts. It was Count d'Orsay, of whom this anecdote is also told : iEr. Slchard Doyle used to tell us a little story of a well-known literary man who was so carried away by the presence of the brilliant D'Orsay at some city ban quet, that in his enthusiasm he was heard to call aloud, above the din or the voices, in a sort of burst of enthusiasm : ' Waiter, for heaven's sake, bring melted butter for the flounder of the count !' Mrs. Ritchie gives this account of the birth of ' Henry Esmond.' It was in the summer of 1854, just before Thackeray sailed for America : It was a long and burning summer; even the shadows seemed burned up, and so were the gardens at the back of the houses and the brown turf and the avenues of Kensington Gardens, those gardens where that strange mist which in not quite fog, nor quite real, nor even a fancy, but which always seemed to me to be the very spirit of London itself, comes rising along the straight and formal distances. My father was hard at work finishing a book, which some people still say is the best of all Kis books. People read it then, when it came out, and read it still, and re-read it. He used to write in the study, with the vine shading the two windows, and ire used to do our lessons, or sit sewing and reading in the front room with the bow window to the street ; and one day, as we were there with our governess, my father came in in great excitement. ' There's a young fellow just come,' said he; 'he has brought .£1000 in Ms pocket; he has made me an offer for my book ; if s the moBt,j spirited, handsome offer j I scarcely like to take him at his word; he's hardly mpre than a boy; his name ia Georgg-^p^ih^ ;he is waiting there now, and J*.m,usJf-go back.' And then, after walking up once, aud down the room, my father went a way,, and for the first time, a life time ago, I heara the name of this good lriend to be. -iij \'i . f s The fambufe^-^Bronte evenings gives a most vivid impression of the strange genius who created ' Jane Eyre' : The momen^: is so breathless that dinner comes as a relief to the solemnity of the occasion, and we all smile as my father stoops fc^p^lerkie arm, for, genius though she may be, Miss Bronte can barely reach his elbow. My own personal impressions are that she is somewoat grave and stern, especially to forward little girls who wish to chatter. Mr. George Smith has since told me how she afterwards remarked upon my father's wonderful forbearance and gentleness with our uncalled for incursions into the conversation. She sat gazing at him with kindling eyes of interest, light ing up with a sort of illumination every now and then, as she answered him. I can see her bending forward over the table, not eating, but listening to what he said as he carved the dish before him. I think it must have been. on this very occasion that my father invited some of his friends in the evening to meet Miss Bronte, for everybody was interested and anxious to see her. Mrs. Crowe, the reciter of ghost stories, waa there. Mrs. Brookefield, Mrs. Carlyle — Mr. Carlyle himself was present, so I am told, railing at the appearance of cockneys upon bcotca mountain sides ; there wera also top many Americans for his taste; ** but the Americans were as God compared to the cockneyB,' says the philosopher. Besides the Carlyles, there were Mrs. Elliott and Miss Perry, Mrs. Proctor and her daughter, most of my father's habitual friends and companions. In the recent life of Lord Houghton, I was amused to see a note quoted in which Lord Hough- ' ton also was convened. Would that he had been present! — perhaps the party would have gone off better. It was a gloomy and a silent evening. Everj one waited for the brilliant conversation which never began at all. . . The room looked very dark, the lamp began to smoke a little, the conversation grew dimmer and more dim, the ladies sat round still expectant, my father was too much perturbed by the gloom and the silence to be able to cope with it at all. Long years afterward, one day Mrs, Proctor asked me if I knew what had happened once when my father had inyrted a party to meet Jane Eyre at his house.'- 'fltrwas one of the dullest evenings she had ever spent in her life, she said. And then, with a good deal of humor, she ? described, the yisituation — the ladies who had.allicome expecting so much delightful conversation, and how, as the evening went on, the gloom and the constraint increased, and how, . finally, after the departure of the more important guests, my father, overwhelmed by the situation, had quietly left the .house and gone on to his club. The ladies Wjaited, wondered, and finally -3h¥{8$ 'tne first things that Sirs. Ritchie can remember after her father came/to.Jiye^in London was the house in Cheyjie Row, Chelsea, inhabited by the Carlyles. She describes features of the house, and continues : Best of all, there was Mrs. Carlyle her self, a .living - picture — Gainsborough should have been alive to paint her— slim, bright, upright, in her place. She looked like one of the grand ladies our father used sometimes to take us to call upon. She used to be handsomely dressed in velvet and point lace. She sat there at leisure and prepared for conversation. She .was not familiar, but cordial, digni fied, interested in everything, as she sat installed in the corner of her sofa, beside one of the little tables covered with knick-knacks of silver and motherof pearl, Mrs. Oarlyle used, it seems, to tell Thackeray's daughters, when they came to see her, many of the stories which have since come into print : She was never weary of discoursing of Carlyle, of his genius, his dyspepsia, of quoting his sayings. ?(If you' wish for' a quiet, life,' she used to say, ' never you marry a dyspeptic nmn/of genius.' I remember she used to tell us, when he first ? ' grew a beard, how all the time' he had saved by ceasing to shave he spent wata dering about the house and bemoaning that which was amiss in the universe. . . , Mrs. Carlyle would tell us, too. of her early life, -rf her love for study.. Many of her admonitions and friendly warnings have remained in my memory. Once, look ing expressively at uie with her dark eyes, she began to speak of self-control. ' We have ail,' she said, '» a great deal more '. power over our minda than it is at all the fashion to allow, and an infinity of resource . and ability to use it. There was a timeia . my own life,' she said, 'when I felt tbat unless I strove against the feeling ivi£h all my strength and might, I should be crazed outright. £ passed through that time safely; I was able to fight itou ? t«4-i ? not ti- }et myself go.- People c.-n help - themselves— that J am convinced oi, and '?: ^ that fact is not enough dwelt upon/**-- ; 8, F:«' Argonaut,' '*' ,; 