DRAMATIC NOTES. Messrs. Williamson and JVlusgrove s uounc Opera Company are Lack from New Zealand, and commence their Sydney season at the Lyceum Theatre this evening with "Paul Jones," which is to be run for a week. The other productions of the season are to be "La Mascotte" (three nights), " Gondoliers" (three), "Mikado" (three), '"Mountebanks" (three), "La Fillede Madame Angot " (six), "Dorothy" (three), "The Vicar of bray " (three), " Ma Mie liosette " (six), " Nitouche " (six), and "La Cigale" (six). These are to be Miss Nellie Stewart's farewell appearances in Sydney prior to her projected second trip to England. The social shattering: of Oscar Wilde has not impaired the popularity of his plays rather the reverse. Messrs. Brough and Boucicault have been smart in producing " An Ideal Husband " so promptly after its first presentation in London, and have done excellent business with it at the Lyceum, Sydney, during this week. The Rev. II. U. Haweis (of J/?w and Morals tame) has scored a decided success as a lecturer in Sydney, where lie had the School of Arts for his headquarters. " Music and Noise" and " Modern Ghosts and Spiri tualism" were his concluding subjects, and he delivers the last-named lecture before an Adelaide audience next Monday. " Faust" has supplanted " Called Back " at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, during the past week. Mr. Uignold has staged the piece elaborately, but is still plaving at reduced prices, a significant sign of the times. " The New Boy "is fulfilling expectations at the Adelaide Theatre Royal, where Mr. Ralph Roberts seems thought as highly of in light comedy as Mr. Frank Thornton was. Mr. Greenaway and the Albert Lucas Dramatic Company were by last advices still playing in Dunedin, an original play Dy Mr. Lucas, entitled "The Old Man," being among their recent productions. Surely if anyone may lecture on sacred subjects the son of a clergyman may. Mr. Walter Bentley, as the eon of a l'resbyterian divine, thinks so, and discoursed on "The Life of Christ" in Wellington lately, but was sternly called to account by a Mr. Virtue. Endeavouring to live tip to hisname, this gentleman wrote to the papers exclaiming, "Bentley, of all men! and on a Sunday night!" Mr. Bentley's reply seems to have been " too strongly worded " for insertion, which, all things considered, is perhaps not very surprising. 