SEALED ORDERS THE TRIPLE MYSTERY- E This Story is written from sxhautfre memoranda from the diary of Chief n Inspector Brynes, of the New York Pollce. s CHAPTER XXXII. A BTROLLAn IO AN ROus. Nick was as quick as a cit and as mupale. He had worked up to that poio with P great care, kowing that the Spaniard was as wily as a min c old be and it would only be by the moat careful:y worked r stratagem that he c uld throv him for an Instant off his guars. But the plan wcrked. d The instant that Nsavarr turned his ii head the detective i.o=rded forward. Twelve feet was not :=:h cf a leap for h him, particu'arly wten ervry muscle in his body had been prepsr:ing for the spring. Before Navarro conld reovrar and raise his weapon Nick eer ,d him. With cne ,1sick jerk he threw the Spaniard upon the fdxr, an placed one b knee upon his breset. "There!" he said. " The tables are I turned. It is I, not you, who will make a terms now." t Navarro's face was white with rage. Nick careful'y rearched hs captive for d weapons, ficdig only a lcrg slender dagger, besidee the revolver with which he had been so lately threatened. "Now get up," he said, r;eing h:meil. Il "YToo are no match for me, Mlieter Man, so a take myadrice and sit over there, aid keep 1 quiet whle I finish my work." Navarro rose slowly to his felt, and went I to the chair indicated f "Are you a detective F" "Yen bet I am; one of the best kind, too. I detect where silver and gold and precious atones are hip', and then when I hae found out, I go and get them. If I had given i' to you straight about my business here when you had the drop on me you'd have s'ot me cff-hand--h? That s why I tild you the ghost story about the detective ba~rnes. See?" An expresnion of genuine relief crosWed the face of Manu-I Nsv'rro when Nick ceased epeakinc. But be only said "Yes. I think I would." "Now," sifd Nick, going still closer to him and holding the dagger ueomfortably near to the Spaniard's throat, " where are those diamonds ?" "What diamonds ?" "The ones I esms here to ret." "Oh I Then you expected to find di moads up here, did ycu ' "Yes." "BahI I have no diamonds in the house except the one on my finger. Do you want that P Take it." Nick pretended to lcok prl::'ed. "I got it staaight from my pal," he said, "that you had a lot here in this room." "Well, your pal lied to you," "Did he ? I'll e ab:ut that " Nck pressed the dagger still closer, until the point touched Navarro'e neck "Tall me where they are, or Ill hurt you." he said. The Spaniard remaind unnove. "If you should cut my throat." he said. "it would do you no rood. I have nothing in this room of the slightest value." "Oh, you haven't, eh Well, you seemed to attach a lot of value to that roll ofpaper o the dest. I I1 have a look at that before I go. 3Maybe Ill take it with me, and make you redeem it." "Do. It would give me an excellent chance to catch you later cn." "Anyhow, I'll jnut go through you " He made no haeto to search the pocket where he believed that Navarro carried the snake ring, but presently he reached i' in his search, and found it-empty, except for the watch wki:h had kept it company. For a moment he believed that N.varro had found another place in which to secrete the ring. but as he was about t) ceses in in his efforts to find it he felt the presence of another pocket behind the one he had been searching. It was made of chamois skin, and was simply pinned to the garmnt on the in side. The detective very deftly removed it, and inside he found two rings-the one that Navarro had Ehown to him that after noon, and the cne which Ch'ck had taken from Navarro's pocket ,in the Arlington Rotl- the previous day. "Humph I" he said. "What are these F" "Binge," replied Navarro, sententiously. "So I see; not much good, either. This one may be wroth eomethicg, though," he added, holding up the one which so greht.y interested him. "I think I11 keep it, anyhow." Nsvarro s rugged his shoulders. "How much do you think it's worth F" he said. "Oh, a hundred, maybe." "Tell you what Ill do," said Nick. " I'll take these two rings aid the watch, When you get ready to pay me an even theusand for tho I so jest put a line in the column.s of the tar. " Oh, you nrednu't anewer," he continued, as Navarro still remained silent "I can wait, and watch the slar, tCo, A new way of rtudying astronomy, ch '" "I wirsh I had you where ycu were when I caught yon here," muttored Navarro, his eyes gleaming with rage, "No doubt--o doubt! But then you haven't. See ?" "I'm going now," he eaid. "I'm going to lock you in this room, and you can ring the bell and have someone let you out when I am gone. Don't forget that little fat about the thousand dollars and the I.ar." There was the regular leck in the door, below the Yale lock that Nevarro had caused to be put in, and a Nick stepped from the room and ,lsed the door behind himhe turned the key on the outside, and ?hartied down the steps and cut into the street. As he gained the sidewalk he raised his eyes towards the windwa of the room he had left. Just as he did so Nev-rro threw up one of the sashes. Then there came a sudden d sh and re plat, ani the detective sank senseless upon the pavement. CHAPTER XXXIII, IN TrEILr's .Or0 The detective lay etzle'hed upon the 1 pavement in front of the Lone of Manuel r Nawaeso, sa haan -m-d e mousse dad. Noodt wh ~ em ' alad to it. - ,'. ?7s .? ...?. o· speae4'~l~~·w One leap arried him down the step, and he reached the bcdt upon the side. I walk several seconds before the officer did Ii s0. " Offier!" he exclrimed, "come here !" The cfioer was approachine as rapidly as bhe could, and in a instant more they I both b, n over him. "Is he dead or only drunk PF demanded a the policeman. " Neither," returned Navarro. ." He is a I burglar. I shot him." " You shot him." "Yes, from the upper window. He had held a digger at my throat for an hour, he 1 had taken my valuables, and then he looked me in my room. There was a revolver in my desk, and when he went away I got it. t Then I opened the window, and waited < n il he came out L-ok! I wiU prove i that I say. Put your hand in the right I aido pocket of his coat and you will find my watch ard two rings." 1 Then, while the c fifer complied, Navarro de'cribed the jewellery. But the policeman had no sooner ex- I amined the trinkets than Navarro stretched cut his hand and took them from him. "Officer, heres rEm( thing to remem bar me by. You know who I sm. I live in this house. N w that I have secured my proprty I would rather let the man go than to take the trouble to appear against him." He placso a good-srzed note in the police man's hand and turned away. "Leave him there," he said. "He will revive presently, and then we will both fortet all about it." tavarro turned and hastily re-entered the house. The ffi:er hesitated a mtmont, then, noticing that the supposed burglar was surely revivirg he cast one g'ance at the substantial sum he had received from Navarro, and he also turned and retraced his steps towards Seventeenth-street. As soon as his back was turned Nick cp-nrd h's eyes. Hie had been conscious during the latter part of the conversation, and he knew why Navarro did not c mre to appoear in court. "l H would be cblia d to exhibit the ruie," muend Nick, " and he dcem't want to do that." He p'ced one hand to his head, and drew it away again. There was blood upon it. Still the wound was only a grz ,. Th' n. glancing hastily around, he rose to his feet, and hurried away. He lost no time in getting back to his 1 spirt nents in t'e Partland, and there he ! quickly reassumud the disguise of the Brszilian mine-owner. It was then 2 o'clock in the morning, but be knew that the ball at Richard Gray's would be in full blast, and he rea lised that he must he seen there, for he argued that Navarro wcacmd surely return to that prace before morning. Tae wound on his head he had hastily dressed, when a:toring his disguite. It smarted somewhat, but beyond that gave him no inconvenienc . Almost the first person whom he saw, when he entered. was Chick, who was already scrving in the capacity of valet to BRchard Gray. By a sign, impercep'ible to othera., Chick made his euporior udeorstand that he had scme thing to tell him. Then he came for ward and took the detect.ve's hat and cost. " Wait for me here, Chick," whis=ared Nctk: ' I omust pay my reepccts b fire I attend to anything else." " Very well, but hasten It is important. I will wait for you in the lib:ary." ' Go d!' replied Nick. Tarn he hurried away, and was soon in the ballroom. With one gla:cc he swept the room noticing who was there. He saw Inoice Gray in a distant corner, and standing near her, his faco smiling and as'rne., rs Manusl Navarro. "Ah I" mattered toe detective, "he was even quicker than I. I wonder how he bapp'nod to go to his home at just the right time P" Doctor Jeromn he saw deep in conversa I-mn with the hoot, bhut Ethel. for whom he loiktd earrestly, was act to be seen. ' Where is sehe " he mused. ' I wonder if that pistol-shot I heard this morning has kept her from the ball to night? Ah i poesibly that is what Chick wishes to see me about." He was on the pcint of retereing and seeking Chick in the l:bra'y. having bowed to his host across the room, when he saw Navarro hastaening towards him I" Ah, Mr Clrter." he said, genia'ly, and with that enigmatical smile up-n his face, c"y u are late at the festivities." " Y, rather. And you r' "Ot, [ was also late. I have been en gag"d in deadly c:mbst. I have been dfghting with a burglar" " A burglarI Dear me I Here in this I house ?" I Oh, no in my own; and, would you believe it. he nearly got away with that I p:ccicus ring of mine. I am going to put it in a safety deposit vault in the morn I ing." I wou!d; it serm; to be uolucky. What did you do with the burglar F" t" I shot him." Ii was raid very colly, and to anyone a else than Nick Carter, who knew the truth t of the occurrence, the cold words would have been startling. Ho only laughed in a low tone as he said a "Then he probably will not burgle any Smore. Excuse me, I must mike myrell d known to our host." "C 'rtainly. Don't forget that you dine a with me to-night." Ni-k hurried to Mr Gray, shock hands with Mip, bowed to the doctor, said a few pleaesnt nothings to those who stoed near Sthem, and then, seizing the first cpportu \- nity that ecf.red, mode his way to the library, where he found Chick impatiently Iwaiting3 . " Well ?' said Nick. ' Come with mn quick !" was the reply. . 'We hare tima yet, I think." " Time for what?" " Tim. to arrest the person who mur ! dered lrayton RassMell," sai Chic', halt Snzand facing him. "That is, if hehas not yet gone.' "Sbnh! Gnol What do you mean F" '"I mUan that Ethel Gray is a mur deres ! I mean that he has lAid her plna for fight, and that she has jast gone Sto her room to complete her arrangements when you came in. If yenou had not come SI should have arrested her myeUi; I was Swai!ting for you. Come on " "Whaere ' " To her rocm !" a Ch'c did not wait eo that the detective Scould qu.stion him further, but started awas through the hall and us the stairs to a the door of the same room where E:bel abad that mcrriog boen taken after the pistol-shot. osbchiog the door he rapped softly. There was no answer, and he rapped Sagain. rStill no answer. All was silent within. I and nothing but the strains of a wal:z Swhich fi ated np to them from the baill r ro m ooald be heard. \- Try the door: ' said Nick. SChick tcu:hed the knob. It turned elaily in his haud, and he I psh'd the door open. Then both started back, with a cry of horror, for the sight which they saw or the flor before them was enough to startle the bravest men. ClAPTER XXXiV. n THE UNKO.?T e IgTIore. T.at which caused the two detective9s t< sart back with such suddmness, as they opmned the door which led into the romr eccupi)ed by Ethel Gay, was the body of a woman, lying prone npon her back on bthe f?or, with her arms stretched to th fullest extent in oppoita direclone, ani her fece, which might once hare bee, beautiful, distorted almost beym; reccgnition. r, ? 7?_?--'· -? ,,? m Wlssu r - -r S 'Th e-I -mc- The face was strange to each of them. Neither was conscious of ever having seen it bw fore, Nick drew nearer to the body, and bent over it. It was that of a wermtn who was young. But it was hard to toll from the distorted features whether she was twenty years of age or ten years older. The fatal blue marl son her throat told how death had been induced, and the ex prcsaion of supreme sfif-ring which lin gered yet upon her features was rsufioent evidence of the awful means used to tear her soul from its fleshly habitation. Her attire, while faehion?bly made, was not of the richest material, and, putting these two facts together, Nick fl w to the conolusion that the dead woman had strained her income in order to keep upon a plane to which she aspired and strug glingly clung. Only a few pieces of jewel lery appeared on her poreon, and they were modest and inexpensive. A momentary examinaticn satisfied both men that she was quite dead. They were further onvrinced that but a short time elapsed since the commission of the crime, for the body was yet warm. The room is which the body was found was upon the swoond flocr of the house, and the windows open upon the yard at the side. The murderer could not have entered or left the room by the windows without the aid of a ladder, or at least by leaping to the ground in going away. " Either of these expedients must have left their traces behind," was Nick's men tal comment, as he (x emined more atten tively the body that lay stretched out bef, ro h:m. Naturally a host cf questions cccurred to him instantly, but he d: missed them all, until he could gather every fragment of evidence that the room afforded. He knew well that it would not do for him, Nicholas Carter, mine-owner, to be found in that roem, without first having given the alarm. SBch an event would betray his real character instantly, and now, m.re than ever, he wished to ke p it a secret. A quick examination of the body suffced him for the moment All that oruld be learned there the first glance had told him, and that was that the strange young woman had been strangled by a humin hand. How she got there, and why Rho had been so foully murdered, wero alike mys teries which there was then no time to surmise. He searched for a pocket in her gown and found it. When hbe drew forthhishbnd, it contained a pocket-b ok and a bunch of letters tied together by a piece of pink cord. The letters he quictly transforrod to his own pocket. Then he opened the porte monnale. It contained a few bills which he did not di?iurb, and a It Ok of short, dark, wary hair. The lcck cf hair fo lowed the letters into his own pocket, and then he returned the pocket-book to the place where had found it On the third finger of the left hand was a plsin gold brad. With instant decision, the detective drew cff the ring and also dropped it into his pocket Be was about to m~re away when he saw, gloaming up;n her throat the flash of a jewel he had not before noticed. Bending forward again, he found the hailf of a golden locket, but it contained nothing exz.pt a tiny wi'p of hair of the t same hue and chara:ter as that which he had taken from the p-cket book. The fragment was secured to her person by a stout gold chain ab :ut her nook. He ecarched diligent:l for the other half of the locket ; bun it could not be found. It required but a moment to detach the chain, and put it, with the half of the locket, the ring, lhtters, and I:ck of hair, in his pocket. Then he turned away and gave his at tenti?n to the appeararc' of the room. The bur.-eu and drawers were open, and their contenteboro evidence of hariog been r tumbled about in m ad haste. Articles of clothing, evidently taken from the cacsete, were scattered about the floor, as though b drg at first selected by some one were afterward hstaly discarded Sas unnecessary or cumbersome. d In one corner of the room was a bed r It looked as though som'body hadlately need it for a couch, and had hastily risen, d for one of the pillows was on the floor sad Sin the very centre was the imprint of a foot. yet ltft among the yield;ng down. The gas was blazrag brightly from three burners, snd the room was as light as illuminmation could make it. On the li'Ale table which stood near the head of the fed a bottle of ink had been overturned, and the ink had run along the I poli-hed table-top until, reaching the edge, t it had slowly droop d to the moquette car .t pet beneath. . What was particularly noticeable, was that it was still dropping. Slowly, to be sure, bhot yet in motien, sbo-ring that not many mirukes could have elapsed siaea it was orerturned. SThe windows of the room had not been h molested. d Both were fastened on the ins'de, and the murderer had come and gone by the e door which opened into the main halL All these facts the detective noticed in y mu:h less times than it requres to relate I it. From the time when he entered the e room until he left it, only a few moments elapa d. " nCJme, Chink," he said. "We can do Sno more here, now." r The door was rc --pened cauticurly, snd \- both men listened for the sound trat might e be made by eny one approaching. y Teen they went out into thehall, cloding the door carefoly behind them,and hurried toward the stairs. r " To the library, ld," soid the detective, and he hur i d down the stairs, leading the way. (To i, oerstirlsu 