COMPLETE IE TKIS ISSUE. P*ow Rest Ptoushed.} THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MARTIN FENWIGK, i Xlick Dono^ran, Author of "In the Grip of the Law," •' TracteJ to Doom," Src. [Ail Queensland Exams Beseeyed.] The belleof the London season of IS— -was | beyond all doubt lira. Gwendoline Fenwick, a | young and angularly handsome lady, -whose age was little more than a quarter of a century. Her position was a somewhat extraordinaiy j one, as it was not quite certain whether she was a wife or a widow. For a considerable time there had appeared in all the London dailies, as well as some of the country ones, and also in many foreign papers, the following advertisement:— " £500 REWARD.—This reward will be paid to anyone who can furnish information of the present whereabouts of Hartin Augustus Reginald Fen wick, if living, or if dead to any-., one who can produce undeniable proof of his death. The following is a description of the said Martin Augustus Reginald Feu wick: Age about sixty two' or three, sallow complexion,. small blue eves, scant' gray hair and beard: height five feet six; walks with a stoop; very gentlemanly in appearance: smalFhands and feet; dresses with great taste and neatness; has a large and prominent scar on the left s'deof the neck and shoulder, the result of a sword cut; manner very reserved, with a preoccupied air. Is addicted to the use of opium. Address Henson, Borthwick, and NethersoD, solicitors, 10 King's Bench Walk, Temple, London." The Martin Fenwick here advertised for was the husband of Gwendoline Fenwick. He had; most mysteriously disappeared about a year' before, and in spite of extensive advertising and the offer of five hundred pounds reward, not a trace of him had been obtained. After a year's seclusion his- wife or widow ' reappeared in society. She had previously been well known in London as the handsome girl wife of 4S Old' Fenwick^" and for long had been, a centre of attraction. Her husband, who had formerly held a commission in' the army, and had distinguished himself as a soldier,, bring ! severely wounded in the neck, while on active sendee in China, was known to be a very wealthy man. He had been married twice before, bat had had no issue. Trig third marriage caused much astom&hmfnt.; No one knew anything at all abont the lady, hut the fact that she .was his wife was a pass port for her into the very best ranks of society; for Fenwick was wealthy, and he enjoyed the intimate acquaintance of soraevenr high people in the land. Therefore the snobs and Mammon worshippers were ready to prostrate themselves at the feet of his radiantly beautiful bride; and though so doubt considerable curiosity .was ex pressed to know whence she came and who die was, this curiosity was not allowed to intrude itself unpleasantly. . Gwendoline Fennrict iras beantiM," die was young, she was rich, her husband had made i her so, for it was rumoured that he had settled ! a verv handsome fortune upon her. She gave ! grand receptions and parties, and though there -j was an unanimity of opinion that her eancation was not as perfect as it- might be, she. was voted clever, with a natural wit, and a power of fence which gave her a tremendous advan tage. And so, while women—after their kind —smiled and fawned upon her, they said bitter, scathing things behind her back. But men. young and old, paid ha the homage they might have paid to a demi-goddess. "When two years had gone society was shocked, or pretended to be shocked, by the i sudden and mysterious disappearance of the i husband. For some time it had been rumoured, that the young wife and the aged husband did not lire in perfect concord and peace. It was said that he was jealous of her and that die avoided h?m as much as possible; and it was further said that he had acquired the taste for opium. In. the autumn .of that same year Mr. and | Mrs. Fen wick went abroad, 'and travelled i through Spain. One day Martin Fenwickwent out alone, saying he was going for a stroll and would not be long; hut he never came hock i again. He disappeared as effectually as if the earth had opened and swallowed 'him, and every effort anoe then to trace him had failed. At the time of his disappearance they were staying at a place called Andorra, in the province of Andorra, in the north of Spain, and at the foot of the Frreaees. The lady returned home "disconsolate and broken-hearted," and for twelve months she virtually shut herself up. At first the sap pcurion was that Fenwicx had wandered into the mountains and teen murdered, but no j proof of this was forthcoming'. His strange 1 disappearance, as tsar be supposed, caused a j sensation for a time. So far "as known there was not the slightest reaaon. why he should hare voluntarily absented himself, and so it 1 was generally supposed that he had fallen amongst brigands and teen murdered for the sake of the piopaty he carried about with him. Acting on this supposition, the .Spanish 1 authorities made or pretended to make, in quiries, but they resulted xn nothing. That is, no trace was found to justify the belief in foul play. And yet it was most to under stand how, in the face of the reward of £500, Mr. Fen wick had never been found; for be was a distinguished-looking man, and the wide publicity given to the affair would surely have . led to his being recognised by jsomeone sooner • oe later. Bat more than a year tad gone by and not & sign bad appeared that he lived. And so, after her long seclusion, the very handsome and wealthy young widow once more took her place in society, hiking, if possible, handsomer and -more radianb than erer. .The so-called society papers made much of the little incident. She was spoken of in terms of the most flatter Ihg adulation; and she was the subject of a good deal of commiseratory writing, owing to her " unhappy position," as it.was termed.* Blessed with wealth, beauty, and youth she had to endure enforced widowhood. For while it appeared to be 'morally certain, that her husband was dead so scrap of legal evidence I could be produced to establish it. Nererthe j less one of the society paragraphia ventured to assert with tho audacity and , impudence I peculiar to* "society journalism," that there : were , reasons to suppose 3Xrs Fcnwick con templated again entering into the state ofmatri ra<>ny in.spite of the risk she would ran by so doing in the event of its being proved that the first husband was still alive. This penny-a liner went,further and said that the favoured man * was one of the gilded youths upon whom fortune had smiled. Bis name was not mentioned, hut he was described as being singularly.handsome, wealthy, and the pro spective heir to a baronetcy. ~ 01 course this twaddle was in keeping with the backstairs gossip upon which journals of that class lire: nevertheless, having regard to the lady's position, and the romance and mystery associated with her life, it was quoted far and wide, and was not confaadictcd by the lady, her friend?, or her legal adviser. Some few weeks later there called upon me one morning a lady who was no longer young. She introduced herself .as "Mrs. Henrietta Morrison," and gave me to understand that she. was a widow; . her husband, General Morrison, having been dead some years. "My object in coming to yon is a somewhat 'strange one," she began, " and I confess I fe^ in a delicate position. Bat I may at once tell you that I am the sister of Mr. Martin Fen wick,; whose mysterious disappearance caused snch a sensation a little more than a year ago. Perhap31 shall seem to you very .foolish, and perhaps you will smile when I tell you that twice I have dreamed in the mo3fc vivid, way that my dear brother is dead, and that ha ,was brutally murdered. But putting aside the dream I feel absolutely certain that he cannot be in the land of the living or he would have communicated with me. "We were the only children of onr parents, and all our lives have bsen most devotedly attached «o each other. He was one of the most diligent of corre spondents ; and he made ms his confidante in most of his affairs. You are aware, of course, that for a long time,. by means of public ad vertisements, a reward of £-500 has been offered for any information about him ?" '* I am," I answered. "And jrovdblyyou hare seen an annocmc •meat lately that Mrs. Fenwick actually con templates marrying" again?" '* Yes, I have seen that announcement, too ; but probably it is merely vulgar gossip which some penny-a-liner has seized upon, or the invention of a scribe hard up for copy. But surely, madam, you'ought to be in a position to know whether it is true or not, for you are : the sister-in-law of the lady whose name is so much before the public." " I ought to bej but I am apt,?' she answered a little haughtily. "I Jiare never been friendly with Mrs. Fen wick. "When my brother first introduced her. to me I did notlike her, and I strongly advised him" against the marriage. I pointed out that a man of his years could not expect to have happiness if he allied himself to a young and frivolous.woman, who was almost young enough to be his grand child. But, of .course, he would hot listen' to me. Men are so pig-headed in matters of that .kind, and Martin "was fascinated by his syren. Of course he married her, and of coarse his life was made miserable. . •• I do not wish to fay anything unduly harsh against Mrs Fenwick, but I am convinced that she never bore her husband the slightest love. She married him for his money and his position, and, as was to he expected, sbe^oon grew tired of her ancient husband. At any rate, I know he was very miserable, for he was exceedingly jealous of her, and that was a canker to .his life. He frequently remonstrated with her for what he considered her light conduct; and I know that before they startfd on the last continental tour they had a serious quarrel; but he assured me, on the eve of their departure, that it had all been made up, and that in future Gwendo line would be devoted to him. I was delighted to hear it, though 1 was afraid it was too good to be true. N "lathsletters that he wrote to me from abroad he expressed himself as "being very happy, and he spoke most affectionately of his wife. Then his letters suddenly ceased, due to hi* disappearance, and since that day not a trace of him ha.* been d'tiovered. Kow, sdr, I know my brother too weQ to suppose for a moment that he would voluntarily hold himself alori from all those who loved and respected "him. Except the disagree ment* between himself and wife, ^there was ^21 ^£3 'sroridlr circumstances to cause frfr* the slightest anxiety. "Why. therefore, should he hare taken himself off ? Why should be hare remained away for upwards of a year and hare sent me, bis loving osier, no sign that he is m the land of the living. The whole circumstance is so mysterious that I am determined now it shall be sifted to the bottom. "If Gwendoline Fen wick is responsible in any way for her husband's death she shall pay the penalty of her wickedness. And I want yon to take the matter up and do what yon can to unravel the mystery." "Hareyou any reason to seriously suspect Mrs. Fenwick of bring responsible for her hus band's disappearance 1 asked. "I don't like to make any rash assertions or jump to hasty conclusion*," the lady answered, "ana-God forbid that I should do anyone an injustice. But I do con«dentioaaly -believe ! that my sister-in-law is a hollow-hearted and | worldly woman. I will say no more than that ■ at present." ! ♦•What was her position before your brother i ^or?" T ttinnttowi. named her I" Impaired* "I really do not know. My brother was always very reticent on that point.. But I hare reason to beiievo that he first met her in Wales. He was down there fishing-, and was staying with 6ome friends near Llanbcris. He had not known her very iong when he married her. Of her past history I absolutely know nothing." "Then I.understand that you wish me to try and discover yonr brother, if he is. living; and if he is dead get proof of how he died?" " Tes, that is what I wish you to do," was the answer. - 41 Bat X am convinced he is not living. Even if I was not influenced by the dream which I have dreamt twice,-1 should still find it most difficult to believe he is alive, seeing that he has allowed a year and more to elapse without seeking to allay my anxiety." . "I have heard it said, andl would ask yon. if there is any tmth in the rumour that your brother was addicted to the nse of opium f" "I don't believe ft,'.' answered Mrs. Morri son, with a strong display of indignation.. " I believe it to be an absolute, downright false hood. At any rate I never saw anything in my brother's conduct which would justify ma in thinking that it was ever possible he would indulge in such a pernicious habit." > As I saw that she felt very strongly on this point I did not question her further, for after all it had-no very great bearing on the poizrtat issue. And as I hnd'becomc very interested in. tho'case I promised her I would accept her commission and exert myself to get at the truth. At this time Mrs. Fen wick was occupying s mansion in South Kensington and living in grand style. She kept quite a retinue of ser Touts; and having emerged from her seclusion, I learnt that she was holding receptions and giving "at homes," which were said to be almost princely in their lavish hospitality. X felt it desirable from many points of view that I should know something of the lady's history before she was married, so I obtained from Mrs. Morrison the address of the people with, whom her brother was staying at Llanberis when he first met his wife. 'They were a Manchester family, and only occupied their house in "Wales during a portion*of the summer* I was enabled to discover them, however, and I learafc ultimately that Mrs. Fenwick wa3 a Miss Wilson, and she occupied the position, at the time Fenwick met her, of companion or attendant to two young ladie?, sisters, and both invalids. They were staying at Llanberis for their health, and had gone there from Gloucester, where they resided. By dint of following up some slender dues I found out this Gloucester family. One of the young ladies was dead;" the other informed me that ■Miss Wilson had been recommended to her mother by Lady Templestowe. So to Lady Templestowe I went. She -was a philanthro pist,' and kept a home ior respectably connected orphan girls near Birmingham. It appeared that' Miss Wilson was tho daughter of'an artist, who died when dm was a baby. Before she was twelve she lost her mother, and being without any means of sup port, the case was brought under Lady Teznple stowe's notice. She interested herself in the girl and took her into the home, where she bar? frequently been heard to say it was the dream of her life to be rich. She was eight years with Lady Templestowe, and daring that time^ if her conduct was not perfect, there were no grounds for any serious complaint against her. She was considered to be vain, and ambitions beyond her station, and to be lacking somewhat in sincerity. With this groundwork to go* upon it 'was easy to build up a thrilling Utile romance of real life'. Miss Gwendoline Wilson was an un usually pretty girl. The old soldier saw her and was smitten with her charms. Undeterred by the inadvisability of Slay* and December mating, he married her. She saw in" this maririage the means of realising, to some extent at any rate, her longings and aspirations. And from relative poverty she was suddenly raised to a position of affluence. It was not difficult to imagine that very soon she found the society of her aged husband pall somewhat. An old man may worship a young woman, bnt it is not' often the young woman worships the old man when the bond of matrimony links them together, and our human story is full of reoords of pathetic misery that has arisen from youth and age joining themselves together in wed lock. In Fen wick's case there were dissensions and disagreements, and the happiness of hus band and wife was clouded. The lady, being in the bey-day of her youth, wanted liberty; the man objected. In this possibly was to bo found the key to the husband's unaccountable disappearance. Having learnt so much of each of the per sons concerned, I felt sure that Martin. Fen wick was no longer in the land of the living. Why did I think so ? may be asked. It is not always good to give reasons for one's opinions, hut in this instance I may say my reasons were based ujon. the logical aspect of-the affair. . There was no reason which one could think of . or devise which wonld seem an intelligible one to account for Martin Fenwick deserting his wife and keeping ont of the war of evwvbody .who had known him. If he had fallen ill any* where; if he liad met with an accident; if he had suddenly been seized with insanity and was detained in some asylum, information would surelv have been forthcoming daring the year that Lad elapsed. It was impossible to think of him ss living unless he had voluntary hidden himself, and there was not a ghost of a. reason why he should hare done that. Besides, if such had been the case, he must have had means to lire upon. And I ascertained that his banking account, which was very large, had ' not been drawn upon since he left for the con tinent. Xo; Martin Fenwkk was'dead. I felt as sure of that as I felt sure of anything* And what I had to determine was :—. - First, When did he die ? Second, "Where did he meet with his end? Third, "Was his death the result of natural causes or foal play ? Fourth, "What had become of his body? These were problems I set myself to work out, and though a considerable time had elapsed since Martin Fen wick'a disappearance I was sanguine "enough to believe that Tshouldeuc* „ ceed ultimately in clean* *y the'mystery* •• Before starting on 107 mission 1 waited on Mr. Ifenwick'e lawyers. Thov informed mo" that he had provided very handsomely for his wife when he first married her, and that by his j will ho left the greater part of his fortnno to j her. But in tlio absence of any proof of his ; death- the estate could not bo administered* - In ; reply" to my question asking' them for their I opinions about Mr. Fenwiclra disappearance \- thoy said thoy could not avoid coming to the conclusion that he was dead, for on no other hypothesis oould they account for his silence, tfney* had dohev business for hi™ forli. great' many years, and he had always shown himself to he most precise and punctilious and methodi cal in "his business matters. 41 Was he a man of weak intellect at all ?" I asked. " Oh dear, no, unless the fact of his marry ing a young girl was a sign of weakness of intellect." ' 4*Did it ever occur to yon in your relations with him that ho might suddenly go out of his mind and do something desperate f" " No; such an idea never occurred to us. ! Wo looked upon him as a man of strong I intellect and unexcitable temperament. He I \- regarded life and all its relations from a philo- | aophical standpoint." • * "Iundorstahdthatlieh&dfrequcntdisagree-; | meats with his wife." • 41 Possibly he had. We don't know. But we wQl go this far—Bpcaking from our know ledge of. him—that any disagreements that. arose sho must hare been tho sole cause of I them. He was an exceedingly good-natured i man, with a big heart, and a forgiving disposi- | turn." " One more question," I said, "and I have done. Do you know if there is any truth iu the rumour that ID'S. Fcnwick contemplates marrving again ?" '44Possibly.sho would like to do so; but ■whether she would-run the risk or not is | another thing." J 44 If she herself had very strong grounds for j "believing her husband to he dead she would | sot think of the risk." ' 44 "Well, no, we don't suppose she would." | 44 And if it-is' true that she is thinking of re-marrying it would rather tend to support the idea that she had no fear of licr fiwt husband reappearing." To this question, \vhich was intentionally suggestive, tho lawyers declined . to give a direct reply. They were cautious* ana did not wish to commit themselves, bat it was easy to see that' behind their professional reserve thoy were not indifferent to the drift of my question. As 1 was anxious to have some personal knowledge of the lady they undertook to write and ask her to call upon them with reference to her husband's affairs. A day was fixed for the interview, an» it was arranged that I should be present in the character of a clerk. . On the day named she drove up to the office in a brougham, and was duly ushered into the room of Mr. Heneen, the head of the .firm. I sat apart at a table, apparently deeply absorbed with some writing. I sat with my "back to the light, and she was placed so that the light fell full upon her. As she raised her veil 1 thought I had rarely seen a more beauti ful woman, and jet the face was without the softness and winsomoness which should go with feminine beauty. The blue oyes were cold and metallic, while the Hps were thin and somewhat drawn. As I studied that face, and listened to the way she talked, I came to the conclusion that though she was beautiful s physically she was morally a devil. She had a naughty, disdainful, ironical way of speaking that suggested the self-reliant, strong-willed, and .wcrldly nature. By prearrangement with myself Mr. Henscn referred to her rumours . about her marriage. .?'I venture to hope, Mrs. Fenwick," he said, " that there is no trath in the gossip about the probabilities of your marrfing again?" . .441 am not responsible for the gossip of busy bodies," she answered with u sneer. "My affairs are my own." .44 Of course," pursued Mr. Hensen, it would bo rather a serious matter jat present if you catered into (mother alliance in the absence of any proof of your husband's death." . "I am perfectly aware of that. But I don't think there is much hope of Mr. Fenwick ever turning up again." "Why do you think 60?" asked Hensen, quickly." I .44 Because I feel convinced in my own mind ; that he is dead. He was not the man to have | remained silent if in tho land of the Hving.'' j 44 Then may. I taken it for granted, Mrs. | Fenwick?" remarked the lawyer, 44 that tho , rumours about your oontcmplated marriage are | false." .' i The lady htraightcncd her figuro a little as ! she sat on the chair, and with a haughty disdain displaying* itself on her pretty face, she answered— I 44 Sir; Hcnsen, I decline to enter on any dis- | cussion about a matter which affects myself j alone. As I hare already said, 1 cannot bo ; held responsible for tno gossip that the people who scribblo for the society pipers pick up in the kitchens." - In <hU caustic remark, and the manner of giving utterance to it. she displayed a good deal of character, and showed that she had considerable strength of mind and self-will. | "As roa say," replied Mr. Henseiv a little j dryly, " the matter is one which affects your- J self alone. If you choose to commit what ; would at tho present juncture of affairs be ; technically construed as bigamy, tho con sequences would be upon your own head, nnd you could not lay the blarao at anyone's | door." . I The lady looked. annoyed. Her cold blue | eyes flashed up with an angry light, and her i pretty face was disfigured, by a scornful, cynical, sneering expression as she said— 44 And supposing I did commit what you are E leased to term technical bigamy. You would nyo to prove beyond all doubt that my first , husband is living before any legal action could i be taken. Is that not eo?" | 41 It is,'certainly." • f4 Very well, then," die answered with, a , triurapbantjdecisiveness, as^ though she was .perfectly,conscious of being in a safe position.. : *'2f th<? gossips should turn out to be true, and . 1 commit a bigamous marriage, as you call it, •when the bigamy is proved I will accept the consequences without a murmur." There was something very defiant in her manner as sho said this,'as though she was perfectly convinced her position was an abso lutely unassailable one. 'Mr. Hcnsen did not continue the argument, hot discussed certain business matters, and in a littlo while Mrs. Fen wick drove away. " What do you think of the lady V asked Hcnsen, when *he hod gone. " She is very worldly,'' I answered. " What does that mean?" - " It means that I think 6he is capable of almost anything." " "Even murder?"whispered the lawyer in terrogatively. . 4 v " Even murder,111 echoed. Two days later I was on my way to Andorra, which I readied in dne course. The State of Andorra is a wild and picturesque district on the southern side of the Central Pyrenees. The littlo town of Andorra is an ancient town, and the capital of the state, which is an independent one, although it is squeezed up, as it were, between France and Spain. Geographically it is Spanish, but tbe Andorrians have for centuries preserved their independence. Wild and magnificent as the country round about is, it is veiy rarely visited by the tourist, nor docs the place afford any accommodation for visitors. Naturally, therefore, I ashed myself why'Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick had elected to go there. I found quarters at the house of the mayor, where tKc Fen wicks had also stayed, together with Mrs. Fen wick's moid, described to mo by the mayor as a young and good looking Frenchwoman, who was called Josephine. During the first few days of their stay tho Fenwicks went about a great deal, and Mr. Fen wick was enthusiastic when he talked of the wild and magnificent scenery. A fortnight after their arrival Mrs. Fenwick and Josephine went out together, leaving the husband behind. Two hours later Fenwick himself went out. By-and-by the two women returned home and expressed astonishment at tho husband's absence. They said they expected to have met liim, and they seemed to get very uneasy when evening came and he was still absent. ' The night passed and there was no sign of him. In such a wild country nothing could bo done In tho darkness. When morning came Mrs./ Fenwick appeared almost distracted/ and she urged that a search should be made for her missing husband. For several days men were out, but no trace of the missing man was * dis-' covered. And when all hope seemed to have i gone the lady and maid left. I I asked the mayor what his opinion of the I affair was. Me shrugged his shoulders and | declined to commit hinuelf to anything definite. ; He said English , people wer* very eccentric. Mr. and Mrs. Fenwick appeared to be at variance with each other, and the mayor did not think the young wife was as kind to her husband as ' she ought to have been. The ! mayor had done his best to get some trace of him, but had failed. Of course he hud con fined his inquiries entirely to his own country. Bat Mr. Fenwick, if he was bent on deserting his wife, might have crossed the frontier and got into France or Spun. Indeed, it was the mayor's own belief that he had gone to Spain Aadsozneinquiricshad been made by theSpanisb authorities, but I have aleady stated, nothing had resulted. When the visitors had left him the mayor found in the room they had occupied a few odds and ends, and which he did not think of any consequence. Thero was a bit of paper with some writing on it, but as he dia not read English he conld not understand it. He kept the things, however, and now--produced them for my inspection. He had them in a cigar box, which he brought forth from an old cabinet. In the box was an odd stud for the hirt front. It had been picked dp oa the floor. There was a little ivory powder and puff box, uch as ladies sometimes carry about with them. There was a lace handkerchief and some pieces of frilling; alsoasmallgoldstampforatamping sealing-wax. These things had no significance, and were only of trifling value. But there was something that to my mind was deeply signifi cant. On a sheet of note paper, which bore Mr. Fen wick's crest and motto, were written these lines:— "Dearie, "We are going out for a stroll.. As you were sleeping we did not liko to wake you. But if you wake before we are back come and meet us. We are going towards the Val d'Urdino. ."Gwendie." This note, so the mayor raid, had boon picked up under the bed in the room occupied Dy the iTenwicks after they had gone. The meaning it had for mo was this, Pen wick was asleep, as the note stated. Probably he hod drugged himself or been drugged by his wife. The mayor said that the English gentleman-' used to take something which inado him very dull and stupid, and in the rigntr box with the odds and cnas wbb a phial which had evidently contained opium. On awaking he found the note which his wife had written, wont to the Vol d'Urdino, which I whs informed by my host was a very' lonely .and wild region,'and having been lured there he was murdered Keeping this view to myself for the time being, I started off to visit the valley. Near the entrance to it is a singularly wild and romantic gorge, the aides of which consist of broken and pre* cipitous rocks, with here and there patches of dense forest. It is dark and weird, and a turbulent stream forces its way along through tortuous channels, and masses of debris that have fallen from the rocks above. As I stood at the entrance to this ravine it seemed, to me strangely suggestive of murder. Now there were two things which were placed boyoud dispute.* Tho nr*t was that a note was iu ex istence whereby it was clear Mr. Feu wick had been induced by hia'wifo to go to the Valley. Secondly he never returned. How was it his wife failed to meet him, supposing that she had been desirous of doing so ? Andorra is only a snrill village, and thero is but one road by wbich the entrance to tho valley could be reached.*-. .. Tho moro I atudfcd.the matter the more tliaV short noto penned by lira. Fchwick seemed to roe to be pregnant with a terrible meaning. The independent stale of Andorra is, roughly speaking, about 03 large as the Isle of "Wight, with a relatively sparse population. On the French and Spanish frontiers are custora-houso posts, and it would bo almost impossible for a stranger to cross into cither country without its being known. If Fen wick, after awaking from his sleep, had had any serious intention of deserting his wife, he would hardly have left all his belongings behind hint. When he went forth from th« house ho was, according to the mayor's testimony, clad in ordinary walking costume. K Could there he any reasonable doubt that the note left for him by his wife had been read by him, and having fallen to the floor, it had been kicked inadvertently under the bed. Found there wnen the visitors bad gone, it had been kept for more than a year in on old cigar ■box by the mayor, and was now presented to me as an important factor in the problem I was trying to solve. In such a small place how was it Mrs. Fenwick aud her maid had failed tomeotFenwick? Could there beany answer to this other than that they did not want to meet him ? He. in compliance with the request made by his wife, had gone to tho gloomy and lonely valley. Did he ever come forth again from it? I was prepared to stake my existence on the answer that suggested itself to me. That answer was 11 No." I questioned the mayor very closely as to what he had done in his endeavours to trace the missing- man, and I inferred from what he told me that whatever hod been done had been done in a very perfunctory way, and he did not, or pretended not, to regard the matter at all in a serious light. Bat I impressed upon him that its seriousness could not be overrated, and I asked if he was prepared to make strenuous efforts to arrive at the truth. He assured me that he was, for ho said that he saw now tho reputation of the little republic was at stake. I may mention that the Andorians arc steeped to the lips in superstition, and I endeavoured to trade upon this in my efforts to read the riddle and to fall back upon a simple and well known device. The Vol d'Urdino was inhabited by a few charcoal burners and woodcutters. * Isolated and ignorant,'as they were, they'were little better than barbarians. I asked the mayor to summon these people to assemble in the town hall of Andorra on a certain day. He was ffcen to tell them that there were grounds for supposing that the Englishman, Pcnwick, had been murdered in their valley, and that they most know'something about it. Bat in order to pnt their innocence to the test, they would be re quired to pass before the mayor, and as they did so every man would liavo to dip his hand in a. basin of new milk. If they were all innocent tho millr would undergo no change. But if a man, guilty of having shed the .Englishman's blood, dipped his hand in the milk it would turn red. To this scheme the mayor ..was at first strongly opposed. But after a time he yielded to my arguments, and having taken counsel with the chief priest, it was decided that the ceremony should be carried out with due solemnity. All unaware of what was required of. them tho inhabitants of the valley duly appeared in answer to the mayor's summons. A semi-religious and military character was given to the affair by the presence of several priests and half the local force of^gendaraes. The inhabitants, including women and children^ numbered thirty, eleven of them being men— low-browed, swarthy, beady-eyed looking fellows, dressed in a semi-barbarous but pictnresque costume. Attired in his robes of office, and seated on his dais, the mayor made' known to them what was required.*. At first they expressed strong indignation, and it seemed as if they were disposed to resent the imputation that the ordeal implied. But the show of force around awed them into subjec tion. "Beudes," exclaimed the mayor, 41 if yon are innocent what need you fear. The ordeal is certain. Innocence cannot affect the milk, and when you have submitted to the test this Monsieur" (meaning me) 11 will depart and tell ids countrymen that we are honest here, and that the lives of strangers are sacred amongst us." The argument told. - The chief priest offered up a prayer and blessed the milk in the presence of the assembly. Then the men' began to file past slowly, and as each than passed the bowl, which was set on a pedestal in front of the dab, he dipped his hand into the milk. All did this but two—an old man and his eon. " Where fore do you hold bock, Quiciuo ?" demanded the mayor, Bternly, addressing the old man, whose parchment-like faco wore a dark, fierce scowl. Then Guirino glanced nervously round, and stepping forward a pace or two he began to denounce the proceedings ^in violent lan guage, averring that the . whole thing was an insult to him and his neighbours, ana with an oath he vowed that neither he nor'his son wonld submit to it. At a sign from the mayor those two men were seized, amidst the shrieks and screams of the women nnd a general scene of confusion and 'uproar. The two men were at once marched on to gaol, and the hall was cleared. The prisoners were told that if they submitted to the test and the milk did not turn red they wonld at once be set free. Bat neither father nor son would consent, and they both called down tho vengeance of heaven on those who dared to accuse them of shedding the foreigner's blood. This, of course, did not deter the authorities from doing their duty, and no time was lost in searching GuicincTs house in the Vol d'Urdino. The search resulted in finding a pair of gold-rimmed eyeglasses, three or four gold rings, some gold shirt studs, and a valu able gold chronometer watch, on the inner case of which was on inscription setting forth that the watch had been "Presented to alartinFen wick, Esq., by a number of friends and well . wishers on the occasion of his marriage with Miss Gwendoline AVilson.M This was a damag ing piece of evidence against the Guicinos, but they both preserved a sullen siJenco at first, though afterwards they swore that they found, the watch and other things in the valley. Legal procedure in such cases in Andorra is very different to what' it is with us. A prisoner has to submit to all sorts of judicial examinations/and if he ia guilty he must be very clever indeed if he- foils to incriminate -" himself. Moreover, anyone who may in the faintest possible degree be suspected of having any knowledge of a crime may be arrested. And in this instance the . mayor threatened to Sat every one of-the inhabitants of tbe Val 'Urdino into gaol if he failed to state what he know, ibis high-handed and arbitraiy*pro cecdinghad its effect, forsome of the neigh^ bours of the prisoners confessed that at the time of. the Englishman's disappearance the Qui cinos were known to have suddenly become rich, and the cider Goicino paid off a mortgage that was on his little property in the valley. So, gradually, the evidence was accumulated and strengthened against the prisoners until there could not be a reasonable doubt 'enter tained that they had murdered Fenwick; and at last when they found that the truth could no longer be concealed, they confessed that they had been bribed heavily by Josephine, the Frenchwoman, to kill him He was lured to tho gorge I have referred to, and then Gaicino and his son stabbed bun to death and buried his body in a wood, at tbe spot wbich they in dicated. There the authorities due and found the mortal remains of poor Mr. Fen wick. Armed with these facts I returned to Lon don and placed them before Messrs. Henson, Borthwick, and Nethcrsoll, who decided that it would be better not to take any action against Gwendoline Fonwick until the moid Josephine was found. It was not a difficult thing to discover that her surname was Marcet, and my efforts were next directed to finding out what had become of her. I learnt that she had been with Mrs. Fenwick about a year when they went to Spain, and though she returned to London with her mistress she only stayed a few weeks and then left, saying she was going to Fans to be, married. Every. means we could think of were taken to try and capture her, but without result. She managed to elude tho sleuth hounds of justice, and at last Mrs. Fenwick was arrested on a warrant on a charge of having been accessory to her husband's murder. She was taken one afternoon at her grand house, and so unexpected was it that she was dumbfounded." From the first it was seen that the case was a peculiar and compli cated one, for in the sworn evidence of the Guicinos they only implicated the trench maid Josephine Marcet. Of course Josephine was but the creature of her mistress, ana there is no doubt she had been vezy handsomely paid to bold her tongue and keep out of the way: Mrs. Fen wick's devilish artfulness was well illustrated in the way she had managed to keep in the background and make a tool of her ser vant, and as was^feured from the first no case would lie against her. She was, therefore, discharged from custody. The death of her husband being plaoed beyond doubt, bis execu tors proceeded to administer bis estate, and when the wretched 'widow had obtained possession. of all she .was entitled to, and realised her property, she disappeared and was heard of no more. I have reason to believe she went to Spanish America, and. was followed by the man with whom she had had an intrigue. ' Of the Guicinos, against whom the murder was clearly proved, the son was condemned to a life-long imprisonment, while the old man was executed in the manner peculiar to his country, perhaps the only country where such a mode of patting- a criminal to death is m existence. That is, he was led blindfolded to the edge of a Terrible precipice, and in tho presence of a large concourse of spectators, was hurled over the precipice by tho public execu tioner. It is much to be regretted that the chief instigator of the abominable crime should have escaped tho penalty of her wickedness. But there is a vengeance greater than that of man which pursucth the evil-doer% and no doubt the two women found out long ago that happiness for them in world had fled for ever. •Note by the Author.—Murderers in Andorra are still put to death iu the way described, but as the little republic is singularly 'free from serious crime executions are rare. - 