Ofic &()«)!.(() áíloim'iur ï:ciaR>. SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 1S9S. -o Tho bodies of six of the victims of tho disaster iii the M'Evoy mino, Eldorado, Vlotoria, wore re- covered yesterday. Tlio men had lived aovorol hours after they had boon imnrisonod in tho work- ings by tlio inrush of slum, and had scratched messages on a billycan and on a truck indioating that thoy wore dying for want of nir. Mr. Carsten Eifobcrg Rorchgravink, who recently visited tho Groat Viotoria Continent in tho steam whaler Autarotio, addresBed tho Royal Geographical Sooiotios' Congress in London on Thursdny. Ho offered to load a landing party from Capo Adaro to thoroughly exploro tho Groat Viotoria Continent, whioh hooBtimntoi has nu area of 8,000,000 squaro miles. Tho committee whioh tho Geographical Con LTOBS appointed to organise tho proposed Antarotio expedition ha« pasted a resolution affirming thut within tho Antarotio circles lay tho greatest field for futuro exploration, and rooommonding tbo great scientific societies of tho world to co- operate and carry out this work before tho cloao of tho century. The Premier was yesterday presented by a fow of his friends with s gold watch and chain, " in commemoration of a memorablo day, tho 24th July, 1805." The text of tho now «chorno of rearrangement in commotion with Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co. appears elsewhere. "Tho jOty Weather in tho Country" is tho subjoot of an artiolo whioh appears on another page. In it a comparison is made bohroen tho prosont and previous droughts. Tho Now South Wales rovonuo for tho month of July wus ¿973,209, being an increase of £55,940 as compared with July of last yoar. For tho month of July tho Quoous,and ravenuo amounted to £245,704, boing an inoreaso of £21,202 aa oomparod with tho corresponding period of last year. lu their half-yearly report tho dirootors of tho City of Goulburn Gas and Coke Company rooom moñdthorjayniont o£ a divlucnd »t tho rate of la Gd per «hare, tho placing of £200 to tho reservo ucooiiiit, nntl tho currying forward of £155, Tho Hill End Mino nt Broad Arrow, Western Australia, has cleaned up n crushing of 17 tons for a yiold of 3!!4or. Udwt. Broken Hill Proprietory «luiros aro quoted in London nt £1 12a 4d. In Sydnoy yesterday thoy. woro quoted it £1 11s Gd buyor, £1 12s 9d sollor. ' - Tho 11 liornas and tho nina cattlo which died during the voyago of tho steamer Gulf of Siam succumbed to congestion of tho lungs in intensely cold weather. Mr. Jumes Hotson, manager of the Newport Frcozing Weis, Viotoria, who has boen inquiring into tho prospecta of tho frozen moat trado, will return to Hclbourno in tho French steamer Ville do la Ciotat. Tho steamer Argus, whiok recently struck on a roof near Somerset on the Queensland coait, has been successfully floated. Tho douth ig nnnounced of Sir Thomas Wado, G.O.M.G., formerly of tbo British diplomatic service In connection with an exchange of Grown lands, arrangements arc being made to set apart about 10,000 acres near Gunnedah for homestead selection. So far as can bo ascertained, no stops hare yet been taken to provide a seat in Parliament for Sir George Dibbs. Among the sentences passed at tho Quarter Sessions yesterday wero the following :-Edward Row lands, wounding with intont to do grievous bodily harm, six yonra' hard labour ; Arthur Williams, robbery with violence, four years' hard labour. In an articlo upon tho Vlotorian budget »peech, delivered on Tuesday last, the London Morning Tost oommonds Mr. Turnor for the manner in whioh ho proposes to grapplo willi the finanecs of the colony. The Loudou Morning JW oxpreasos tho hope that tho other colonies will imitato New Zealand in supporting the projected Pacifia cabio. At tiio Wator Folioo Court yesterday John J. Jackson and William Thompson woro committed for trial on a ch.irgo of having stolon from tho ship Lass o' Gowrio a dnnkoy engine, a quantity of gear, and fittings, valued at £119 10s, the pro- perty of tho Bank of Now South Wnlos. Bail was allowod to Jackson. Mr. Clifford Halle yesterday gave an address to the scholars and students at the Fort-street School and Training College upon " Singing as an Art." The tenders accepted by the Railway Com- missioners for tho lou so of tho various railway re- freshment-rooms give an increased rental of £200 on tho existing leases. At the Central Criminal Court yesterday John Fredoriok Kelly was acquitted of a cliurgo of having slain an aboriginal named Tommy Doylo nt Fernmount on 7th June. Tlioro is littlo change in regard to tho fire in Block 11, Broken Hill. Carbonic acid gas is being poured into tho workings at the rate of 7,500,000 ouhio feet in 21 hours, and all tho men have boon temporarily withdrawn from the under- ground working.: of tho Proprietary mino. During tho past avcok between 200 and 308 skilled miners and others havo loft Broken Hill for Wostem Australia and clsowhero. A miner named AVilliam Haughton was killed in tho Loch Fyne Mine, Wood's Point, Viotoria, yesterday, by a piooo of rook falling upon bira. Tho return of tho Waihi Gold-mining Company, Now Zealand, for tho month of July amounted to £95S1. Au estimate of tho population of Now South Wales at tho end of tho first six months of the present year prepared by Mr. T. A. Coghlan, Government Statistician, appears elsewhere. Mr. Coghlan calculates that ou tho 30th Juno the population numbered l,2GS,150, being an increase of 1G90 since the 31st December, Steps aro being taken to make the Freetrado Counoil a permanent body. In the Stock and Sharo market yesterday bank stocks avere sonrooly so strong as on Wednesday, Australian Joint Stock and Union Bank share« boing offered rather lower. Commcroinl Bank of Sydney shares were quitted a littlo lower. Good first of the month ordors havo boon ro ceived in tho Import market. During the week ondod yesterday 2S0S bales of wool arrived at Sydnoy by rail and coastwise. A fairly brisk business was done in tho Mining market yesterday. The chief movements wero tho advances of Maritana shares from 12s Gd to 20s, and Croesus shares from 14s 3d te lGs Gd. Tlio Customs rocoipts yesterday amoun ted to £15,207. Towards this the 10 porcont. ad valorem di-ty contributed £1038, and the 15 per cent. £133. Tlioro is a pnssngo from Dr. JOHNSON in which thatsturdy moralist comparos tho porennial importance of tho woathor with tho trilling iutorost of Court nowa, tho stnto of tho Funds, or inlolligonco fiom foreign parts. " Tho weathor," ho de- clares, " is a nobler and moro intorosting subject; it is tho prosontstato of tho skies and of tho earth, ou which plenty and famino aro suspondod, on which millions dopond for tho necessaries of life." Wo may bo compelled, porhaps, to take this serious view of our meteorological condi- tions, but at presont thoy aro worthy of attention for their own sako. The last fow days havo given a forotasto of spring, all tho moro welcomo sinco the season for weoks past lias boon ono of unoxamplod sovority, Throughout all Eastorn Aus- tralia tiio months of Juno and July, but tho latter especially, havo brought an in- tensity, a prevalence, and a porsistonco of cold whian, aro likoly to make tho winter of the year 1895 long memorable. As would havo been ospocted, Now Zooland has borno the brunt of the soason. In tho South Island all reports concur in do eoribing tho wintor as exceptional in every point. "Tho bitterest wintor known," thoy say. Wellington itself had a-vesturo of snow. It is ostimstod that on 35 stations in Northorn and Contrai Otogo 250,000 shoop have boon killed by snow- storms and continual sovoro weathor. A mnildriver was frozen to death whilo getting homo. In Lyttolton Harbour a groat portion, botweon Officer's Point and Ripa Island, was frozon over, and steamers moving out from the wharfs had to cut thoir woy through tho ice, whioh near Gladstone Wharf was an inch thick. Such an occurronoo had never boon wit- nessed by . whito men in Now Zoaland. Inland, snowstorms of exceptional sovority had begun early, and spread to districts where they had not boforo been experi- enced to such a dogroo, and whoro, rely- ing upon immunity, a class of sheep was depastured that could not boar this extremity of cold. Houee tho disastrous proportions of tho loss in stock. In Tasmania snow lay oarly at tho Springs on Mount Wellington, and the stress of weathor appears to havo beon general in the island. Coming to Victoria, whore also ft rigorous wintor is tho rule, tho soason of 1895 has boen a record ono. Monda}', 22nd July, boa ob- tained in VioUria tho distinction of a name-Snow Monday. At Mount Macedon snow lay to a depth of six feet, and even tho girls employed themselves snowballing. In tho high and mountainous region of the Southorn colony at this timo of year the concomitants of ft Northern winter are quite regular ; but the Gippslander moy bo pardoced if this July lie ro-eolioea tho ejaculation of KirLiNa's " Moot Engineer M* Andrew : " Hail, trott, anil snow that praise the Lord, I've teen them at their work, An' wished wo lind anither route, or they anithor kirk. i Around Omeo, for instance, the ronds woro from ono foot to two foot doop in snow, drifts ulled tlio hollows to a depth of 20 feot, and some of tho main roads woro wholly impassable. The accompanimonts of thoso pioturosquo features aro duly recorded. Traillo has benn stopped, stook ravagod, hardships hnvo accumulated upon mon as well as tho domestio animals ; wo rend of mon losing fingors or toos from frostbites, nud beside tho deaths duo to actual exposure, of whioh several hnvo occurred, thoro must bo rookonod the many fatalities accelorated or oven causod by such Arotio tomporatures. Nor has Queensland oscapod, whoro, in normal yoars, tho wintor is so mild that invalids from tho South onjoy the chango to tho North. Rockhampton is not a namo that usually calls to mina ico nud frost ; but thore on 27th and 28th July tho residents found shoots of ico throe-quarters or half an inch thiok, and bomoauod them eolvos accordingly. Townsville on Thurs- day last was complaining of unexampled frosts. In this colony, whothor in town or country, no one is likely to dispute that tho wintor just passing away lins beon particularly severo. It did not open amiss ; in fact, the sonsou bogau decop tivoly. But whon tho ronl wintor enmo it loft no room for doubt. In Sydney wo aro BOUIO ton inches below the avorago rainfall to this dato ; in Molbourno the shortago .is three inches ; in both the colonios tho soason is dry, whioh faot will account for part of the poignanoy and duration of tho cold. In the month just past the highost sorority was reached. Throe times the ponds in llydo Park woro covered ovor with n skin of ico. Hoar- frost lay almost daily in gardons and pnrks nround tho city. Fish wore frozon to doatli in shnllow waters in the country. At St. Marys tho crooks woro frozon so hard that tho youth had tho unusual experience of skating upon ice, and a similar thing hnpponod in othor parts of tho colony. On 23rd July, and just preceding that date, tho sovorost storm for years, according to Mr. RUSSELL, passod ovor tho oolony. It was marked not so much by violent winds as by oxtromo tomporatures and heavy snowstorms. Pinces whoro suoh visitations como with ovory wintor found the snowstorms to- wards tho end of last month hoavior than for years ; mnny othor piucos, where snow is oithor unknown or only known in tho shapo of sleet or a few dry Hakes, havo this year beon covered inohes (loop. Tas- man Sea was swept by tompesls. All the uplands along the mountain chain of this colony havo for weoks togothor worn the ioy mngnificenco of wintor. Tho inclomont weather much hampered tho election, and in a number of towns tlio rival political parties put soino of their zeal into snow- balling contests. Tlio trains from the mountains brought into Sydney evidonces of tho wonthor inland in snow- or ico oncrusted roofs. Tho cold winds which aro so largo a part . of our winter havo boon prornlont, and thoso with fro quont hoavy frosts havo visited tho north and tho wost. In tho sugar-growing dis- tricts much young cano has boen destroyed by frost, in othor parts 'crops and fruit trees hnvo suffered, and it is foarod that the mortality among shoop and largo stock will bo groat. Viewing ni) tlioso circumstances, it is oasy to boliovo that "old residents " ngroo that thoy havo known nothing moro H o vere in tho way of wonthor. Younger colo- nists may not attach implicit con fid once to tho assertions of old residents ; but thoy also will hope not to know any weathor moro sovoro than that of July, 1895. Tho old inhabitant grows old npaco, nnd forgets a littlo ; hoiico his predisposition to boliovo that tho winters of tho pnst woro milder, or tho npplos in his youth moro hiBcious, than in these worso timos. Rut if snow is tho oharnctoristic of this winter, so it was, wo must boliovo, moro than linlf n coutury ago, when in July, 1830, nguiu in July, 1837, and next in August, 1872, snow fell in or noar Sydney, and " tho currency lads and lasses " grow excited nt snowballing. "Wo know so littlo nbout the causes of wonthor that it can only bo noticed as a coincidence that tho course of the last Northorn wintor closely parallols that of tho antipodoan soason. It bogan in England without threat, but in Jnnuary tho eastern sea-coast was fringed with ice, tho Thames was frozen, ships broke through ice-floes in the Royal River, gales ravaged tho shipping, nnd snowstorms swopt the land ; stock perished, and many lives of mon wore lost by stress of weather or by accident. The instancos of longevity reported by our Bathurst corrospondont tho othor day aro curiously suggostivo. It is sometimos said that tho raco of loug-livod peoplo is dying out in these colonies,-tho moan- ing of that paradoxical observation being that as the native-born incroaso and tho homo-born colonists decroaso in numbers, wo aro beginning to disoovor that tho Australian race of tho future is not likely to bo long-livod. Tho conclusion has littlo fact to baso itself on, and tho calculations of the Government Statistician may bo loft to deal with tho thoorios ns to longovity. Tho Bathurst coses nro typicnl of a clnss. In thoso instances wo hoar of an ngod idonlity dying in tho hospital nt the patriarchal ago of Oi, whilo n friend who called^ to soo hor, and who nrrivod in the colony in tho snmo ship, wns of n liko ngo. Another pntiont died on Monday at tho ago of SI, her hus- band boing ton years older. Tho avorago in those instancos was 90 yoars, and tho uiiitod ngos of the four roach the extraordinary total of 3G0 yoars. It would add to tho mtorest of tho circumstances if wo had a fow moro particulars regarding the habits of lifo of theso aged folk, but boyoud tho facts that thoy livod and that thoy died wo ¿now littlo or nothing. Two of them, at all ovonts, woro not horn in tho colony, and it may bo prosumod that neither was oither of tho othor nuoiont pair. Tho instances muy thoroforo bo addod to the manysimilar ones reoordod of residents of Parramatta, Rydo, tho Hawkesbury, and othor old sottlod districts of tho colony who carno to this part of the world in early manhood, and found the conditions of life hero agree witli thom so woll that thoy livod to soo the fruition of institutions which thoy woro ablo to romeinbor ns timorous and doubtful oxporimonts. Events havo moved so rapidly in the making of thoso colonies that evon tho ordinary span of lifo covers somo remark- able stages of growth. But ago- rocords uko thoso quoted take tho mind baok into what to us sooni liko pro historio periods. Ninoty-four yoars ngo Trafalgar was not fought, and Napoleon had not yot boen crowned Emperor. The map of Europe has been re-drawn several times since thon, Tho English Liberalism introduced by the Reform Bill was not yot in ven tod. Now South Walos was only thirteen yoars old, and the six nistor colonies wore not so much as dreamt of. All that has beon done in tho making of Australia has boon dono well within tho intervening period, and these vonorablo pooplo liavo lived through it all. It is no wonder, whon wo como to think of tho matter in this way, that - wo doubt sometimes if the native born Australian raco will enjoy tho samo tenuro of life, yet Mr. OoairLAif's figures assure us that, for males nt any rato, for ovory year up to 84 tho ex- pectation of lifo is greater than that shown in tho last English lifo-tablo by Dr. OGLE . This, of courso, is tho avorogo expectation, and does not apply to oxooptions. Yot wo may reasonably boliovo that as soon as tho raco has fairly adapted itsolf to local conditions, lifo in this part of tho world will bo as favourable to tho pro- duction of nonagenarians as in any othor. But after all, tho average duration of lifo is of more praotioal iutorest than the numbor of oxceptions, and wo find it stated that out of every 100,000 malos born in the colony 5920 will survive till 84 against only 3813 in England, while out of tho samo number of females tho numbers sur- viving to 64 aro gi von as 48,725 and 37,049 rospootivoly. For this wo havo pro- bably to thank tho hoalthior conditions of lifo hore. Of rocont yoars the Euro- pean advancos in provontivo modioine and sanitary sciouco, and tho improvements in tho conditions of labour combinod with moro offoctivo life-saving and daugor minimising appliance«, havo all tended to make life moro soouro. Wo havo the advantago of tho samo aids, but wo aro not burdoned with tho overcrowded and overworked conditions whioh toll so much against tho continued effectiveness and safoty of human lifo in crowded towns. Tho agricultural districts will always prodttco their signal examples of long life, but tho balance k cruelly struok by tho average conditions of industrial oxistonco in tho LTnitod Kingdom. Wo nro continually boing rominded that this is tho ago of young mon-that the hurry of lifo and tho hasto of chango call for the froshost onorgios and tho least jadod brains. Yet never, perhaps, has the ruling and controlling influonce of ago boon moro markodly felt. Somo years ago it was remarked thaf tho world was govornod by a handful of old mon. Kaisor WILHELM, MOLTKK, BISMARCK, THIERS, GLADSTONE, and a few othor colobritios gave point to tho obser- vation. But the great work of these mon'8 livos was not aohiovod until they had roaohod old ago, and it is odd to think that had the Gorman EMPEROR, Mox/ncis, or GLADSTONE died bof«ro tho age of sixty, tho first would not have completed tho unification of Germany, tho second would not havo planned and won tho Franco-Prussian war, and the third would novor havo boen Promior of England. The joy of living may be for the young, but ita fruits still wait to bo plucked by the hand of ago. Tho oyclo ot Cathay has its advantages for thoso who aro able to uso ita generous time allowance. Life, accord- ing to AniSTOTLK, is movomont ; and wo havo to go to SHAKESPEARE to find it pre- sented ns " a twico-told talo voxing the duli onrof a drowsy roan," and a talo told by fun idiot, signifying nothing. It is oithor or both, no doubt, according to tho individual's healthful capacity ; and whatever may tend to incroaso this or add to the efllcacy of sanitary scionco not only adds to tho longth of life, but-what is of moro consequouce to tho^ capacity for useful living. As tho oxamplos just quoted show, old ago by no mentis signifies tho ausponsion of lifo so far as its usefulness is con- cerned. Nonagenarians liko LYNDHURST, BROUGHAM, and Sir JAMES BACON* are a few nmong othor instances of pro- longed intellectual activity which may stand as a sot-off against those melancholy instances of ngo whore tho flickering vital forcos havo long outlived muscio and brain. Wo may, if wo will, nccopt'tho acrid cynicism of WALPOLE that lifo is a comedy to him who thinks, and a tragedy to him who fools ; or the philosophy of CATO, who "hoped to leave lifo as íio would an inn, not a homo. Wo may, as ALCUIN said, bo guests of the gravo and travellers that pass, or rogard life, with SHELLEY, as " a sleep and a forgotting." But not nny ono of thoso viows neod prevent us from reasonably and prudently adapt- ing our lives to our environment of climate and conditions, and so getting tho utmost capacity of usefulness out of it while it lasts. The prosont international congress of geograpliors held in Loudon will havo this interest for Australians, that a notable plaoo in its business has beon givon to tho subjoct of Antnrotio exploration. Dr. NEUMAYER, of Hamburg, who pos- sibly owes part of his enthusiasm in this branoh of scientific disoovery to his ono timo rosidonco in Melbouvno, opened the consideration of tho mattov by a paper, in which, as the cablegrams inform us, ho advocated an iuternntionnl expedition to tho South Polar rßgion for tho purpose of assisting to dotermino sovoral outstanding probloms of geography, oconnography, and terrestrial lnngnotism. lío indicntod as lines of loast resistance for such exploration tho throo meridian« of Now Zoalnnd, Capo Horn, and tho Ker- guelen Islands respectively. Tho discus- sion which followed the roading of this paper soonis to havo been both full and nuthoritativo. It brought forth contributions from two mon intimntoly associated with formor attomtits to piorco the mystery of tho Antarctic zones. Sir J. 1). HOOKER, tho botanist of tho Boss expedition ns for back as 1839, commended the iden, and so did Dr. JOHN MrmnAY, who is one of the fow surviving scientific mom bors of tho famous " Challongov " expedition, in 1874. Sir GEORGE BADEN POWELL, speaking ns a laymau, folt satis- fied of the interest whioh tho British peoplo would toko in the survoy of high latitudes in tho South, and tho oftor of Air. HARMSWOIITH, who already has equipped ono party for tho exploration of tho North Polar region, shows that British co-oporation will not bo wanting. The opinion is ontortained at the Congress that iu the event of a sorious exploration of tho Antarctic boing undortakon, Australia, through its Govern- ments, will not bo indisposod to participate. It must bo confessed that at this momout tho Colonial Treasurers will neod a good deal of persuading bofore thoy ask thoir rospoctivo Parliaments to sanction votes in aid of soiontifio work. And yet one would hope that some national feeling, some spring of tho instinot of our raco towards the conquost of the unknown, will bring Australia into participation in these heroio labours, and that this rich and intelligent community will notpormit tho honpurs of Anturotio discovory. to rest altogether with even British oxplorors, much loss with tho Swedos, tho Danes, or the Germans, Fortunately, boforo the subject had lost its first fresh- ness with tho Congress and the public, Mr. RoBonuREVTNK arrived in London, and this gontloman, whom wo with so mnch intorest had heard recount tho story of the recent commercial dnsh into the South Polar latitudes, was able to address tho geographers at tho Congress upon the thomo of tho day. If it woro asked why any one should wjsh to visit rogions so forbidding, according to the few uavigutors who havo ponetrated thom and hnvo returned to toll the tale, an answer could bo found by com- paring maps of the North nnd tho South Polos. In the formor it would be soon that successive explorers lind pushod baok tho limit of the unknown ; in tho latter case, all is uncertainty. The map of the world in our days contains but few of thoso great blanks upon whioh tho cartographers of tho past woro wont to give their fancy play and to paint Gorgons and Chimroras (lire. Tlioro is now no sen of which any shipman can say, Wo woro tho first that over burst into that silent BOB. On land it is tho samo, Tho patricians of Europe, accompanied by photographers and seorotnries, go out to shoot big gamo in tho romotost continents, and rotura to Eublish popular travels. Wo, most of us, y reason of the distances wo traverso upon business or ploasuro, aro ontitlod to ask for tho fellowship of tho Royal Geographical Society, bummor picnics go up to Lapland to look upon tho midnight sun, and Mr. Cooic'sagouts wouldporsonally conduot the moticulous to tho sources of tho Nilo if required. But thora aro two great white spaces. Towards one Europo has boon so prodignl of horoio effort that tho fcozon capes and borgs that ring tho North Polo round boar overy one the nr.mo of the most gallant of mon. This year six partios woro at work thero-two Amorican ; WELLMAN'S nnd PEARY'S, tho latter in Groenland , NANSEN'S ; and tlio English party lod by Air. JACKSON, and financed by Mr. UAIIMSWOIITII. From tho Norse ern down to tlio prosont generation sailors havo boon active in the frozen north, nnd though the immemorial seoret romains hidden, all tho npproachos to tlio inaccessible, centre aro mapped and known. At tho other /»ml of the world there is tho other great unknown, but vaster, moro awful, moro imponetrato. Wo can number on tho fingers tho navigators who havo tnkon thoir ships into tlio fringes of that last continent, and two British enptnins, COOK and Ross, are thoy who still in thoir journals tell civilisation most of what it knows about the South Land. If it wera only by tho gradual, occupation of overy othor liold o£ geographical exploration, lins region of mystery, of perils and pains, would como to attract moro mid moro the ndvonturous spirits of tho world. How powerful that attraction is wo all must recognise by th caso of tho North Polo. Nono now supposes that auy commercial profit, whether of north- east routes to the Indies or of territories to exploit, can como from thence; but notwithstanding thero never is a year whou some ndvonturor is not rondy to cast himself, his crow, thoir lives "and fortunes, into those frightful solitudos where nothing cnn'bo dono but to unravol a secular mystery. If, howovor, the practical and not tho vainglorious tilings of lifo will alono lend the ardour of our time southward, thoy too aro not difficult to discern. Tnko tho great problem of oconn circulation, which may bo supposed to mould, or at least potently ' to influence, tho wonthor and tho inhnbitability of these southern continents. Wo know roughly that nt tho surface of tho Southern Oconn gront masses of warm water pour down from tlio tropics to the polo ; and bo low and through thom the Ant- arctic leturns ocoanio volumes of intonse cold. What mny not a com- petent study of tile ocean currents in thoso latitudos revoal which would make plain matters of incessant importance in the meteorology of this hemisphoro. Snell n study, too, could not fail to benefit tho navigation of these sons, where ocean currents nro so por p'.oxing. Another very practical prob iom is that of magnetism, which also boars upon tho safoty of ships. Compnss dovintions, considerable in ex- tent and obscure in origin, are nmong the difficulties of shipmasters. What with confusing sots of currents and compass errors, the causo of many an oconn tragedy may bo found in olemonts quite beyond tho shipmaster's com- putation. Thoso aro tho moro im modiato objects of scientific resonrch in tlio Antarotio bolt, but others of groat valuo in tho cirolo of positive knowledge romain. An oxpedition, alboit purely scientific in origin and scope, could not fail to throw light upon sovoral matters of direct commercial utility. Nor need tho cost bo prohibitive. It is estimated that the actual scientific work of the "Challenger" only'cost the country £20,000, that is, irrespective of tho ox ponses ontailed by a ship of the Royal Navy in commission. The cost of a now Antarctic oxpodition will no doubt bo much moro considerable, but yet not too largo for tho British purso, nor tho work too great for tho indomitable British spirit. LBTTBKS mo* LONDON.-The full of tlio Bose bery Govorninent is dealt with in Mr. Henry Lucy's lotter this week. In illustration of the suddenness of the defeat, he says that within nu hour of the division taking piuco it seemed certain that" tlio Miuistry would hold otlieo for at least another sovon or eight months. Au account is givon of Mr. Gully's party at Speaker Homo and Mr. Bryco's reception at tho Foroign Office. Mr. Lnoy mentions tho doubt of Mr. Gully's ro-clection, and our news by cabio, proves tlio correctness of his viow. Our correspondent in his " Old World Gossip " also deals with the political situation, nnd adds to tho testimouy of tho oomplet« surprim of tho snap division that ousted tho Government. Reforenoo is mado to tho retirement of the Boko of York, tho dinner to Sir Walter Bcsant, and tho House of Commons' report at to tho means of providing employment for retired soldiers and sailors. SEATS ron REJECTED LEADERS.-So far as can be asccrtainod, no stops havo yot boen taken by tho pioteotionists eithor ns a party or individually to próvido a soat for air Georgo Dibbs. Apparently only ono or two seats ara available, ami tho prêtent holders nppoat to havo no intention of parting with thom. Pos- sibly tomo arrangement may be como to whon tho Houso moots, ana members of the party Have had time to talk tho matter over. The prospoots of Sir Henry Parket in regard to obtaining a soat in Parliament èeom to bo moro hopuloas than those of Sir George Dibbs, though tho report is ourrcnt that tho representative of a suburbau constituency may seo his way to mako room for Sir Houry 1'urke't. But even then Sir Henry Parkes'« oloctiou for tho soat in question would bo by no moans sure. PnKSKNTATio.v TO TUB PjiEiuiui.-A fow days ugo it was announced that a movomont had boon inaugurated by mombera of tlio ïrootrade Coum.il to present the Premier with a watch and ohaiu iu plaoo of tho ono ho lost on oloctiou night. The presentation to6k placo yesterday after- noon at tho office of tho Frootrado Council in Elizaboth-stroot. Amongst thoso prosont wero Mossrs. Kothol, Molesworth, Carruthers, Oamoron, Varnoy Parios, and othors. Tho watch, A handsome gold ohrouomotor, with a gold chain, boro tho following ¡useription :-" Presented to tho Hon. G. H. Roid, M.P., Primo Minister of ( New South WalesTby a fow of rnafrissAÍ commémoration of a memorable dav UMSUSJ July 1805.» The presentation wa, A* Mr. KWhel Mr. Bcid, in returning^ for tho pit, said ho had beon a ¿22 hy tho transaction, ns the watch ?h. lost had hoon much loss valuable fhan ft. Olio now presented to him. For tho infonntàs. of other persons who might havo evil desimi« his personal property ho might say that ia fut«» when attending meetings or returning horns from Jato sitting, of Parliament, he wonld cw! a cheap watch. Mr. Itoid also wferndto the services rendered hy the Freotrado OouatJL which had in no small degree assisted in returnliur him with auoh a splendid majority. Th« ntaria of Wow South Walos might rest assured thitlk. Government would faithfully carry out'tatsT gramino. Thoro was nothing avild about the! programme, and ho might state that the Govern, mont Intended to go In for a policy oí mod»», tion. BKVKNOK RKTUIINB ron JULY.-The menu»«, turns for the month just past show a net inora» of £55,040 over tbo corresponding month of W year, the total amount received during July itoi being £917,322, and duritur July, 1805, £973 «,' This iucroaso is to a considerable extent dût ti tho disturbance caused in tbo Custom« receipts of ths provious month owing to the contcmplslsl chango in the tariff. For July the Ciutotaen! ocipts show an increase of £24,921. Landm«T and railway rooeipts also show satisfactory a oroasos of £14,324 and £12,306 reers-etiwl» Fuller information appear« in another column. Tais FBEETHADE Connon,.-Steps ire bein taken to convort tho Froetrado Council hue ¿Z¿ manont organisation. With this object a eosaíS. tee, consisting of Mossrs. Kothol, Pulsion*, Vsrsn Parkes, Cameron, and Hawkins, was «ppoiaWM a mooting of the Freotrado Council yesterday ta framo a permanent constitution. It ii postiHi that provision will bo mado for branches ia varW parts of the country. ACTION ron StANm-a Aaimar TIIK rasituva.-, *Wo loam that a writ has been issued by Mr, £, II. Gardner, for Messrs. Crick and Usages' against tho Promier, Mr. G. H. Held, for Ulai«! It is understood that tho basis of the action ki statomont mado by Mr. Reid in a speed st Nowcastlo concerning Messrs. Crick ssj Moagher and tho Dean ease. We m informod that Mr. Pilcher, Q.C., and Mr. B. E, O'Connor havo boen retaiued for the plaintiff. Prior to tho ¡BIUO of tho writ Messrs. Orirk sal " Meagher wrote to tho Premier, drawing hit sttris tion to the statement, and asking him to ipolors* and pay u sum for distribution amongst ohtrltia, Mr. itoid, in reply, rofusod absolutely to do list was asked. TIIK MOIIKE Bonn.-Inspector Makinson tafe, graphed yestorday to tho Mines Department, fnti Moroo, as follows:-"Flow at Moreeboreao» about 500,000 gallons at 2478ft. Flow lureetju gradually." BBEAOII OP TIIK MINIMUM WAOB REOUUIIO*». -Tho first case in whioh tho Minister for Weeta has had to talco notion under the miaiss« wago regulations occurred a few days ago, al was doalt with by Mr. Young on Thursday, A contractor was reported to bo paying hi.' «m ). less Hum tho sonlo of wages ho had agreed to aitt the minimum wage regulations, and upon this ben» ptovod tho Minister for AVorks decided to Ifi) tho contract at onoo. The work wu pnetjetfir completed before tho matter carno to the Miiittar'i knowledge, but tho payment» aro not yet comparted, and it is probablo that some arrangement TtiUU insisted upon by'tho Minister in the direction pt compelling tho contractor to pay to hi» raen tie balauco of tho monoy required to nu!» np tie full wage duo to them under tho minimum wage regulation. Pitorosiui HOMESTEAD AURA HBAE QUSSÏMI. Arrangoments aro now boiug made, in ceaneetiot with an exobango of Crown lands, to set tstrt au moa of about 10,000 acres, situated at about It to 15 miles from Gunnedah, for homestead etlec. lions. Instructions for subdivision litre laa-d, and, in completion thoreof, and of the excitar« alluded to, tho final setting apart will take pine. Almost tho avliolo of tho country embraced ia tis) proposed homestead selection area is good afrinlf tur ii lund, nnd'it is hoped that a prospero» totae. stead settlement of 30 or 40 families will be tttsb. lishod there. A hamlet site has been réservai, it order that tho provisions of section 19 of the Orón Lands Act of 1895 may bo applied, if eeuUerel desirable. ELEOTQKSX LISTS.-Tho lists of persons cid»*/. to bo enrolled in the various electorates on aotml of matured qualification or change of reeiiaea aro now being received from the varient dee torntes, and will bo printed and exhibited at the soveral post offices and courthouses in the eke. (orates throughout tho oolony in order tóalos] persons tho opportunity of ascertaining; wlstasr they aro enrolled, and also to afford the oppor- tunity of objocting to names appearing on til list of persons not poesossing the necessary qui* Orations. RAILWAY CIIOSSINO -,'r.Ait PVHIILK.-In referan te tho recent deputation from residents of Pymble in regard to the alteration of the railway crans! on tho Lane Core-road near Pymble, the Batta* Commissioners havo visited tho locality, and lit» decided to carry out their original intention of abolishing tho present lovel crossing, u ft ii dangerous. In its plncu it is proposed to widen a bridgo on the other sido of the station, ted utilise that as a crossing. SKVHUE EAUTIIQUA-VK SHOCKS.-Mr. Rnteell yew terday recoived a wiro from Sontli Auítnl» giving particulars of sharp shocks of earthquit in nnd around Eundunda, about 68 miles nortl« cast from Adolaldo. There wat a low rtunhlhu* noise, and the vibration avns sorere enough to»* lamps and suspended articles in motion. Al Bagota in tho locality a wall was cracked «»I plaster fell. THE WuATUEn.-It was very cold again ytetep day moruinir with tho westerly wind. At th« Observatory tho temperature on the greta fell tew degrees bolow freezing point, but tho day tuned out almost summorliko. In the country' ii »f fine, with the orooption of Tweed Head«. Tie barometers in South Australia were very low,Uij eating bad weather from that quarter, but hw night Mr. Bussell said that ho doubted »Ml*» this colony would bo affected by it. , TUB POWEES op MUNICIPALITIES.-Only * mutter possessing foatures of special intersitte the publio carno before tho Full Own yesterday. It involved the ? rowett el municipalities to licenso vehicles need n conncotion with the cartage of goods. I« Municipalities Ant contemplates thelicenitiin vchiolcs plying or carrying paasongereor ssjoaeto hire within a municipality. The Orange mit»«' pality, not content with this power, had tslten »I« itsolf tho power to nhargo a license fee for wteltj » used for hire " within the municipality, ted W passed a bylaw in that regard. Und« ti» bylaw a penalty had been imposed »P» Wright, Heaton, nnd Co., Limited, bo'F*'"* day that firm appealed to the Full CM« to quash tho conviotiou obtained in the »art below. On behalf of the firm soveral pointe «in taken, inoluding thoso that the bylawunderwli« tho conviction was gained was iiWratirtv,««»» tho officer who prosconted was not dulyauuwwel in that bohalf. Tho firm was successful on tx*> points. , ENFIELD MUNICIPAL LOAN. - Tis ErAU Borough Counoil has, through Mr. » * Pyman, successfully floated a 1°» <>-,»« for fivo yoars, bearing interest at the rate of ¡>P" cent. BranasomuatT AT ENFiKLD.-In oennecto« with the retrenchment scheme, a special B»«oj of tho Enfield Council was held on Monday n^N It was resolved to invito applicationi forth«>V* tion of council clerk, at a salary. of £1«I« annum, and for the combined offioel of oitnew, ¡nspeotor of nuisances, inspector of daine«, ., ?peotor of slaughterhouses, to., »? *w I" anuuin. ..,'«# thi UNDKnwBiarti Fisu.-A depuUtlon of tM Amateur PishormonV Association, contastloj« Messrs. E. Morris, R. Dennis, J. B. (J** O. Thackoray, waited upon the Mayor, Al a"»»* S. E. Lees, yesterday, and brough unteö notice a complaint that underweightbia*««, black bream, and flounders had been;P*>^«"«£ town. There was reason to believe that tta-»» had never been in the market, and tbodep»»OT asked that netter» should be T*^/$ must return to ths water all "*£££ caught. Alderman Buokloexpreß bUapPiOTU of this course, and the Mayor ha. dtajW» otïendors in this respect should bo dealt wit» » the law directs. p^, TIIF. OnAiurv BAIX.-DOTIMJKW ,«r» oEED3.-At a mooting of te. »^¿"SÏ Charity Ball for tho destitute »»??*£« Town Hall yesterday ,1>0''n,°*l.."A,u0!nwî by'tho committee that Mr.. ^¿Äftl Mrs. Thow present tho follow«.«?**£", ditreront charities ;-3ydney-0*:»»»$,#* Bcnovolont Asylum, £00 ; Cauii7 wgw-" Society £20 , Sooiety of St Vincent do Paul, £20 Sussex-street Mission, £20 , Jewish Homo, £20 ' Labour Home, Ultimo, £5 , Mr Cox, for invalid poor, £5 There aro ft f9W IT""« p" amis to como in, which will bo distributed when collected SlUOIVOATIIIFronT SIItEET TltAIMNO CoiXEOE -Early ra the week Mr Clifford Halle visited the Fort-street Sohool and Training College, when ho Vas so much pleased with tho way in whioh tho boy« and girls read musio at sight that ho promised to deliver a leoturotte on "Singing at au Art" Aocordingly Mr Hallo, with Miss Marguerite Ribbontrop and Mr Ribbontrop, again visited the school yesterday Tho visitors woro welcomed bv Mr J W Turnor (head master of the sohool »nd principal of tho Training Colloge), Herr Hugo Alpen (Superintendent of Musio to the Department of Public Instruction), Mr M'Mnnamov (first mutant Fort stroot), and Miss Part- ridge (l'oa(l nustross) Mr Halla nd dresnod the souior divisions for boys and girls and tho students of tho Training College, and thus had an audience of upwards of 400 young pooplo Ho bogan by mipro'sing upon tho girls that to thom the oountry looked to assist in tlio sprond of musical att, as thoir infltiouco lu tho home was paramount As thoy grow up they would rocogniso moro and moro tho importance of music ns a footer in elevating tho taste and in providing thoir brothor« with puro and elovoting recreation Mr Halle then briefly oxplaiued tho function of tho larynx, »nd amidst overwhelming applauso announced hit intention of singing n few songs Tho barítono accordingly rendered " The Throo Ravons " and " The Villago Blacksmith " to the exprossod do light of his audience Miss Ribbontrop sang "Angels Ever Bright and lair," and boing clamorously encored added Mondolssohn's " Or. Song s Bright Pinions " A pretty little girl pro tented tho fair soprano with a bouquot, and m ro- tare sho favoured tho children with "In Swoot September " Tho visit was muoh appreciated both by principals and pupils NEW MUSIC -Mossrs G Ricordi and Co , of london and Milan, forward four now touga and tn instrumental pteco Tlio most notable of tho tong» is Paolo Tosti's " Lovo's Rotura," a setting of touching verse by Mark Ambient -«»Tlio now song is full of plaintive melodic changes which clmrm the ear, and tinco tho »arno composer s " My Memories " wo havo had no song to rival it " Lovo's Return " is going to bo an immense success If not m Svdnoy, certainly in London and Now York Henri Loge's " Tears m Mv Heart " is a tender little song illustrating tho hopeloss love which is now all tho fashion fcven 10 years ago lovers woro moro confident in verso and musio , but now it appears that the trail of tho Now Woman is ovei them nil " Tears in My Heart " is indeed sad, though pretty Two now song» aro bj Maud Valono White, of which hy far the hotter is " Tlio Reconciliation " This ia a oharnnng love-bullnd, tho melody full of sentiment, and tho accompanimout, though not difhcult, of the kind wo oxpoct from this composer On tlio othor huud "A rarowoll Song" is not dis- tinctively characteristic of M V White Tho musio is moro than usually simple and tho pa'hos moro direct The suggestion of a sacred souroe of in- spiration is in keeping with tho puro affection of tbevorso In " Soènos Montagnardes " will be found a violin pioco with rippling piano nccom panunent by A Simonetti, tho violinist now stirring in Londou The wild abandon and piquant graco of tho musio givo it local colour, and should sorvo to reoommeud it strongly to capablo players Various local compositions aro also to hand, ns usual consisting chiefly of dunco musio Tho oxcoption is William H Wnlo's " Lovo's Lvoniug Song," an animated serenade, winch Bingera who know how to nssumo a vivacious, maunor would flud cffoctivo m the drawing room Tho melody is in places slightly reminiscent of Pitti-Sing's nir in tho finale to tho first not of "Tho Mikado," though no doubt tho composer was unconscious of tho lubtlo infljonoo Tho only dnnco picco of im poitanco is tho "Epaons Waltz" (Messrs Nicholson and Co ), by Darrell A "Bensusan In the exposition of the molody the florid passages .how ingenuity and dainty fancy, nnd at the chango to tho key of T some clovor passages aro intro- duced. The "Venus Waltz" (Messrs W. H. Paling and Co.), by Mme Terlier, is a well written piece, with a vivacious second melody, and a third which tells out well in the bass. The "Pomona Schottische" shows no originality of harmony, but the melody is worked out in a sprightly fashion, and the whole is not unsuited to the ballroom. AN AirnroiArioN OF Dn BADHAM -Professor Butler sends to us the following agreeable passago eitracted from the " Recollections of tho Dean of Salisbury," -which ho thinks will interest mauy of tlio older studonts of tho Sydney University - "In 1851, during tho time of tho Groat Exhi- bition, the Bishop of London wished sermons to be preached in difforent churches m Fronoh, German, Italian and English Dr Badham was then living at Blackhonth, and it was said ho was ready to preach ns tho Bishop required Had o sermon been vv anted in Attic Greek ho would havo been equal to the occasion also Ho was one of the r adiest and wittiest of mon, bul at tho Edgbaston School ho was m tho wrong plnoo At last ho found n post in Australia worthy of Ins powo-3 but at Oxford or Cambridgo a scholar liko Badham, w ho had belonged to both universities, ought to hnvo had n mobo I hnvo had long letters from lum in his oxilo, full of emenda- tions of Plato and Tluioydidos, and whon ho met men hko Comngton nt my houso ho would pour forth his ideas upon Grock texte and Shakoî pearo readings with astonishing profusion Some- times ho could bo sharp nnd incisive, but wheu he liked his company no ono could bo moro pleasant It is dilheult to sar bow much I owed to my in tlmaoy with him Ho was not like Mark Pattison, « mino into v,hieh you could dig with the certainty that tho nugget you wanted would como up at tho first motion of tho spade But ho was rather fliko n deep vein of precious stones, overyone of which glistened with strange brillinnco Cobet do elsrcd to raj friend, Lord Reny, thut Badham was moro liko a modorn Erasmus than any scholar he hld knowu Ho v, as liko Erasmus, too, in depth of feeling Ho had made application for a post vacant at Otforl, «hen Lord Derby was Premier, and with true friendliness ho desired to withdraw when ho f mud that a friend, v> bom ho valued greatly, had somo chineo of rocoiv ing tho appoint ment Bunsen used to long for fivo minutes of patronage, that ho might give great proiermonts to Haro nn 1 Maurice I of ton longod to bo able lo malo Badhnm Grook professor in somo Uni- versity in Utopia " PLEASANT SAIUTDAV. Arrciihooss -It having become known that a numbor of those connected vith tho Burwood rrcsbytonan Church Guild owned hones, tho president, the Rov J En on, »nggostel tho formation of a riding dub Tho idea caught on, and on Saturday a party of Udies and gentlemen met at tho manse, and rodo to Hurstville, and back via Canterbury, Ashfiold, and Croydon Needless to say, a most onjoyablo »ftcrnoon Mas spent It is intendod to hnvo thc«e parties frequently TiiELATFîru / mun Dioirr-lestordny tho remains of Mr Arthur Dight, of Lansdowne, Darling Point, woro interred in tho Wuvorloy Cemotory Tho eervico at tho grave was con- ducted by tho Revs John Walker, of Wool- lahra, Dr Catnoron, of Riohmond, and Dr Ern "".i of St Androw's College Among those present woro Messrs C H Dight (Singleton), J G Dight, Geoffroy Dight, Stewart Dight, Trunk Dight, Maurico Barlow, Elwin Blomfield, Captain Castlo, R N , Dr Mur- ray Oram, Messrs T B Gaden, Honry Badgery, 0 E Campbell, J Garland, James Marks, D M'Mastor, A Bowman, J Watson, H Newton, E Yeomans, and F ¿lotskowsky A largo number of boautiful wreaths woro sont to tho houso among thom boing ono from his Exoollonoy tie Liontenant-Gov amor and Lady Darley Ml Arthur Dight was the youngest sou of lo» late Mr John Dight, who carno to the colony early in tho oentury, and who to 1823 was appointed hy Governor Darling « coroner of tho colony, a position ho hold for ¡"joy years Mr Arthur Dight was bora on tho 6th of Juno, 1819, and was 70 yoars ot ago at tho time of his death Only three sisters snrvivo hun-Mrs Watson (who it m England), Mrs Sharp, and Miss Sopluo Dight, of Yass Tor a number of years Mr Dight wat largely intorcstod » squatting pursuits, and up to tlio timo of Ins death was tho owner of the Yenda station, on tho Barnet Rivor For some years ho represented tai Hawkesbury in the Legislativo Assembly Immediately after tho death of his wife, sovon years .go, ho broke up his establishment at Richmond, Mo. went to Lansdowno, Darling Point, wheeo ho J"»0« up to tho timo of his death Tor tho last «wo years ho had been in failing health, and flaring tho past month ho had beon very frail, »ut his death oamo unexpectedly oa Wednesday. . Mr Dight is survived by teven daughters and one son The oldest daughter is married to the Rev T Walker, of Woollahra, tho seoond to Mr Maurice Barlow, of Melbourne, the third to the Rev J T Robertson, M A , of North Adelaide, tho fourth to Captain C J Barlow, R N , late Flag-Captain of tho Orlando and now in com- mand of the Empress of India, and the fifth daughter is married to Mr Elwin Blomfield, of Sydney The two youngest daughters are un marriod Mr Dight wat of a gentío disposition and of retiring habits He wat a stanch friend, and was greatly esteemed by a largs circle of acquaintances , RAILWAY REFRESHMENT-BOOK TEVDFBS -The following tenders havo boon accepted by the Rail- way Commissioners for the leaso of tho respective railway rofrcshmont-roomt for a ponod of five years (except in tho ease of Redfern, which is leased for oue year only) -Redfern, H Smith , Moat Vale, T Lawrence , Goulburn, H G Downton, Yass, A S Boyd, Harden, A M Boyd Cootamundra, Emma Connell, Junee, B L Davis, Albury, H M'Cutcheon, Wollongong, H Smith Western line rooms (viz , Parramatta, Penrith, Mount Victoria, Bathurst Blayney, Wollmgten, and Nyngan), H Smith Gosford, H G Downton , Newcastle, II G Downton , Stngloton, H B Ballard Murrurundi, Werris Crook, Armidale, and Gloa Innes, H Smith The total annual rental of tho various refresh- ment rooms under tho new leases amounts to no loss than £7391, an increase of £200 on tho ex- isting leases The highest tingle rental paid is that for Moss Vale, whioh brings in £000 a year POISONED BY TISH -A painful experience bofol Mr J C Noild last Tuesday Pt appears that he partook of somo whitebait at lunoheon, and, later, was seized with an attack of illness, subsequently pronounced to result from fish- poisoning Dr M'Donagh was summoned, and ho found Mr Neild in an alarming condition Tho application of energotie, remedies happily led to a gradual re- covery GABEOTED TV THE DOMAIN -Mr Joseph Mitchell, who was a candidate for ODO of the New- town electorates at the recont election, was, on Thursday night garroted in the Domain, near Governor Bourke s statue Mr Mitchell was walking along tho pathway at about 8 30 o'clock, and two j oung men carno up to him One put his arm around Mr Mitchell's neck while tho other rifled hit pookets Thoy robbed him of all the mjney ho had, and also his gold watch, ohain, and trinkets A Suspicions CASI, EaTLAiNtD -The pohoo yesterday morning repotted to tho City Coroner the death of a young married woman named Hannah Brown at Ann street, Surry Hills On tho 31st May last the deceased was alleged to have beon assaulted, and her allcgod assailant wat charged with having inflicted griovous bodily harm The ouse was adjourned, and in the mean- time Mrs Brown bogwu to feel pains in tho bead, nud generally fell into very bad health Mr Woore ordorcd that a past-mortcm examination bo made and Dr Rennie reported m tho afternoon that Mis Brown had died from natural causes No inquoat will tborofore bo held TATAL SintrT ACCIDENT -Mr J E Woore, tho City Coroner, yesterd-y finished the inquiry into tho death of tho little girl Emma Jessie Smith, who was mu over by a milk cart in King stroot, Nowtown, on tho 31at of July Arthur Alfred Briggs, the driver stated that ho first saw deceased when nbout a yard from hi. off wheel Sho was running across tho street On ona side of lum tlicto woro two omnibuses and on the other sido ono, all going in the samo direction as himself Before tho witness had time to do anything tho w hool ran over tho child He was driving it a slow trot at the timo, and had porfcot control ov or his horses Dr Hall, who attended deceased at Princo Alfred Hospital said that death was duo to internal injuries ticcolorntcd by shook Tho jury returned a verdict of acci- dental doath A TATAL ACCIDENT -Whilo tho ship Ninoveh was at Tacoma, loading for Sydnoy, an ncoidont occurred to tho donkey engmo An oxplosion took placo, and on the men running to tho engine room tho carpenter was found in a parboiled state He was taken to the hospital thoro, whero ho suc- cumbed Ho was 41 years of age, and nu old resident of Sydnoy FIBE AT NEWINOTOV -On Thursday a China man's dwelling at Newington was destroyed br fire, and it was with somo difficulty that the occu- pant was rescued Tho placo was burned to tho ground, and tho occupant lost all ho possessed The residents had to provide the Chinaman with olothes A STDTID rnAOTiOAL ToxEn-T«F SunUBSAV " GnosT "-Tho practical joker familiarly termed ' tho ghost " has not yet beon captured (reports tho Melbourne Arym) Ho has been roportcd from almost overy suburb, and a fow nights ago ho had a narrow cscnpe in Collingwood Several booro of people gave lum ohase, but ho succeeded in getting away Had ho been caught bo would doubtless have been prevailed upon to ccaso Ins stupid conduct His mothods aro similar to thoso of tho " ghosts " and " Spring-heel Jacks " of past yoars Ho wears an ov erooat or ulster and when in conveniently dark plaocs throws tho coat or ulster open, displaying to the gaze of women or children a phosphorus painted coffin on his breast with tho words written across it " Prepare te meet thy doom " Several children havo been frightened out of their wits by tho man and he bus becoino such a nuisance that the polieo aro anxious to lay hands upon him Tho last one of tho "ghosts" who was run to earth wasa modical student A re volvor-shot fired by a horseman whom ho had tried to torrify finished his career It did lum no bodily harm, but it soared lum so badly that ho gave up playing jokes A lad named Sydney Lrrington was arrested at South Varra on Tuosdav night charged with insulting behaviour Ho was masquorading in a peculiar costuino, which gavo tho impression at the time that ho was tho " ghost " This was found to bo a false impression, and his littlo display in a Tam o' Shunter hat, spectacles, and a false beard was his first essay in tho foolish business THE A^cToniAf Aont-o GOVERNOR ASD THE SAIVATIOV Anirr -A flagrant attempt to im- properly lnfluonco tho mind of tho Acting Governor was rando on Wednesday (says tho Mclbourno Aigus) by some person or persons unknow n Sir John Maddon, who presided at the annual demonstration of the Prison-gate Brigade and rcsotio organisations of tho Salvation Army in tho ovening, at onco reported the oocurronco to tho inrgo assemblage and stated his reasons for refusing to bo influenced in tho dircotian desired It seemed that ho had rooeived two letter« that morning, in -whioh he was urged not to impair tho dignity of his oflice ns Acting Gov ornor by attend ing tho demonstration of tho Salvation Army, the members of whioh were said to frcquont tho slums and consort with tho vilost characters It was also urged that thoir methods were dromaius aud unpractical, that thoy often did more harm than good, and thnt the resulta whioh thoy achieved wero not permanent Sir John Madden dealt with each accusition m sequence with the methodical precision of the trainod judicial mind, and in tho course of a most lucid judgment found against tho appellants ou every count, concluding by an expression of thankfulness that ho had au opportunity of boing present and of taking patt in the proceedings of a body whose work was so splendidly justifiod by results Tire Mayor of byd noy has consented to receivo subscriptions towards a fund for the relief of the sufferer» by the Broken Hill mining disaster THE Australasian Association, whose advertise- ment appears elsewhere, propose to so-widen the ecopo of free form of accident insurance as to include not only readers of anv particular newspaper, but everybody in tho community who may deal with certain firms The scheme of the association also covers disablement or death from any (omi of acci- dent ' Wr are asked to call attention te an advertisement of the first annual mooting of the International Christian Police Association, NSW, which it to be held on Monday evening next. Ihe Hon. J. N Brunker, Colonial Secretary, will take the chair 