Communicated. THE CHURCH NOT THE BIBLE OUR RULE OF FAITH." By Rev. M. Houbigak. 4 T.T. Protestants affirm for the last three hundred years that the bible alone is the infallible rule appointed by God by which all controversies are to be decided. This principle, which contains the sum and substance of Protestantism, when first enunciated by Martin Luther, gave rise to an incredible number of sects. In the year 1526, Carolostadius, Zuinglius, and Occolompadius preached the doctrine of the Sacramentaries, which denies Christ to be really, truly and substantially present in the Eucharist—a doctrine de nounced and scornfully rejected by Luther. In the following year the doctrine of private judgment, as applied to the interpretation of scripture without note or comment, originated another sect called Anabaptists. Between Lutheranism and Anabaptism, although their respective religious opinions were based on the principle of private judgment, there was such a diversity of doctrine on subjects admitted by the two rival schools to be necessary to salvation, that Occolompadius, another dogmatizer, objected to them in the following words :—" If we reflect upon your dissensions, surely there are almost found among you seventy-seven changes." In the year 1538 John Calvin, clarum. et vtnerabile noirien, a worthy disciple of his master Zuinglius, added many opinions of his own, as he had logically a right to do, taking private judgment for his proxi mate rule of faith, to those initiated by the Sacramentarians. His religion and adherents were divided and subdivided into so many sects that Luther, the father of private judgment, and the stern opponent of all who disagreed with him in belief, wrote of them in the following contemptuous strain : — " I scarce ^ ever read of a more deformed heresy, which in the beginning was divided into so many heads, such a number of sects, not one like another, and such variety and disagreeing of opinions." This Babylonian confusion, which is as noticeable in the nineteenth as in the sixteenth century, originated in the principle, of private judgment, of thrusting the bible into every hand with out note or comment, to be interpreted according to the fancy or preconceived ideas of every individual capable of reading. It is evident therefore from the history of Protestantism, that the bible does not end religious controversies, nor bring us to unity in faith, without which it is impossible to please God. For when the scripture is taken as our only rule of faith, and private judgment as the means of asrerkdning its true sense, there must necessarily be confusion and contradiction. Where there is confusion and contradic tion in matters of belief there must necessarily be error. It is, therefore, manifestly true from the position of Pro testantism to-day, with its numberless sects, each one claiming and basing its claim on the authority of scripture, and yet differing in doctrines admittedly necessary to salvation, that all religious .controversies originated in the principle of private judgment; that these con troversies can never be silenced by an appeal to the bible. When, therefore, Protestants say the bible was written on purpose to end all controversies, and give us a clear and explicit knowledge of what we must believe, and thereby be one in faith, they make God fall short of effecting by scripture what they say He intended to effect. The Catholic Church is far from offering such an insult to the Holy Ghost. We say scripture was dictated by the Spirit of God for'many wise and noble ends; that Gpd intended, as iB apparent from scripture, to instruct us and bring us to unity of faith, not by the private interpretation of scripture, but by the infallible authority of the Catholic Church. That we are directed by scripture to have recourse to the church and abide by her decision in teaching us all truth and ending all religious controversy; in other words that the church, and not private judgment as applied to the interpretation of scripture, is the divinely appointed judge,: and therefore the infallible custodian of God's revealed truth is manifest from several texts of scripture. We are directed, we are even commanded, by our Lord to hear His church, and this under the penalty of being considered as a publican or a heathen. He tells us that the gates of hell shall not prevail against her by any false doctrine ; that she is the pillar and ground of truth; that He is with her all days even unto the con summation of the world j and that He bn«. proyrd His Fathe^i to t give-;her andthpr Comforter, that jnay aj^e with Ber forever, the Sniriyof Tip®, v ^wholinall teach and suggest uiitd her all * things whatsoever Christ has taught His has given us such doctors and pastors as may secure His church from falling into error. Our Lord's covenant with His church is this:—"My Spirit which is upon thee, and the words which I have put m thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, from henceforth and forever." And that her sun shall no more go down ; for the Lord shall be unto her an everlasting light; she shall bB a kingdom standing forever; that the nation and kingdom which shall not serve her shall perish. All these texts of scripture give us clearly to understand that we must have recourse to the church, not to scripture, in deciding religious controversies. Not only does scripture direct us to the church, but also exhorts us to retain the divine tramtions. St. Paul commands us to hold fast the traditions which have been a j16^' W^et^er ^ word or by epistle. And again, in his epistle to Timothy, he says, "The things which thou hast heard of roe by many witnesses, these commend to faithful men, which shall be fit to teach others also." From these inspired w®. ifc follows clearly that we are obliged to believe and practise what the pastors of the church, the pillar and ground of truth, teach us. By the pastors of the church St. Paul, as we read in the ninth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, was instructed when he was directed by our Lord to "Go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do." And again, as we read in the tenth chapter of the Acts, it was said to Cornelius, " Call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter, and he will tell thee what thou oughtest to do." It is, there fore, not the text, but the text of scripture expounded by the authority of God's church, the pillar and ground of truth, against which the gates of hell shall never prevail, that is to decide religious con troversies. Not the dead letter, but the true sense of it, delivers the sentence of the Holy Ghost. Hence Tertullian says "The sense adulterated is alike perilous as the style corrupted." And St. Jerome remarks, " The Gospel is not in the word but in the sense ; not in the bark, but in the sap." The faith of Protestants which is based not, as they falsely assert, on the Word of God, but on the private judg ment of each individual as applied to the interpretation of scripture, must neces sarily be human, and therefore fallible. They therefore differ in the most funda mental doetrines, the belief of whibh is indispensable to salvation. Martin Luther, the patriarch of Protestantism, is known to have no less than four score times flatly contradicted himself. Not only did he contradict himself in words, but another Martin, surnamed Bucer, contradicted himself by an exterior exchange of one religion for another. At one time he considered those texts which speak of the Sacrament of the Eucharist to be truly interpreted by the Catholic Church. He then believed Christ's body and blood, soul and divinity to be really present, and therefore to be adored in the Blessed Sacrament. A short time afterwards he judged, relying on the testimony of scripture, the Lutheran interpretation of these texts to be the correct one; he therefore became a Lutheran, believing in the real presence, but denying Christ's body to be adored in the Eucharist. After this he turned his thoughts to Zuinglius, and considered his interpretation of these texts to be the only .true sense of the Holy Ghost, He abandoned Lutheranism, denied Christ's body to be really present in the Eucharist, for which Luther termed him perfidious. This interpretation he publicly professed and defended in Cambridge, to which university he wassummoned from Germany as a noted theologian to defend and propagate the godly doctrine of the Reformation which had commenced in England. We therefore find. the leaders of Protestantism, the reputed custodians of God's revelation to man, differing among themselves in doctrines the most vital, and yet poclaiming in opposition to God's church that the private interpreta tion of scripture is the divinely appointed means of ascertaining, notwithstanding their contradiction, what we are to believe as God's word and what we are not. As Christ is God, and as He truly loves souls redeemed by His precious blood, He has not failed to provide us with a more assured means of knowing the true faith, than this means of leaving us a bible, to be interpreted as each one thinks right. What law-maker in any commonwealth was ever found so imprudent as to leave the people a law book to settle their disputes without a living judge to expound it. Has God made less provision for the ending of religious controversies and the preservation of the true faith ? 