A Wonderful Woman. chapter i. katiieuine. Little Ninon knew a good deal bettet than to dispute Miss Dangerfield's mood when Miss Dangerfield spoke in that tone. Miss Daneerfield had boxed her ears before now, and was very capable of doing it again. Perhaps, on the whole, ' smart little Ninon rather liked having her ears impetuously slappe y her im pulsive young mistress, and tue tingling cured, as it invariably was, by the present of Miss Katherine's second-best silk dress half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, if not in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park ran lightly down the slippery stairs, out of the vast vaulted hall, where statues gleamed and suits of mail worn by dead-and-gone Danger- fields centuries before, flashed back the sunshine. Her dark-green riding- habit fitted her, as Katherine herself said, ' as though she had been born in it,' the waving brightness of her brown hair was twined in thick plaits round her graceful head, and her hat, with its scarlet bird's wing perched ever so little on one side, set off the piquant face beneath — a thoroughly English tace, despite the golden hue of a tropic sun. ' I beg ycur parding, miss,' Roberts, the butler said, stepping forward. He was a dignified, elderly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stockings and knee breeches ; ' but if you will hexcuse the remark, miss, I thinks as 'ow we're going to 'ave a storm. There's that closeness in the hair, miss, and that happearancc in the hatmosphere that always percoeds a thunderstorm. If I might make so bold, miss, I should hadvise you not to stay hout more than an hour, at the furthest.' ' Good gracious, Roberts, what non sense. There's not a cloud in the sky, Oh; well, that one ! Why, it's no bigger than my hand. I'm going to Castleford, and I don't believe in your thunder storms.' ' You'll catch it though, for all that, my young lady,' soliloquised Mr. Roberts, looking after the slight girlish figure as it dashed out of sight down the elm avenue mounted on a spirited black horse. ' Great storms 'ave come from clouds no bigger than a man's 'and before now. But you're a young persing who won't be hadvised, and you'll come to grief one of these days through 'aving too much of your own way, as sure as my name's Roberts.' And then Mr. Roberts philosophically .went back to the " Castleford Chronicle," and never dreamed that he had uttered a prophecy. Miss Dangerfield dashed away over the breezy Sussex downs — gold-green in the September sunshine. But the brilli ance of that sunlight grew dim and dimmer with every passing moment, and looking up presently she saw that hei "cloud no bigger than a man's hand" had spread and darkened, and was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old Roberts had been right then, after all, and unless she stayed at Castleford, or turned back at once, she was in for a drenching. I won L turn back, and I won't stop at Castleford,' the baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth, 'I'll get my books and I'll go home, and Ilderim and I shalEoutstrip the lightning after all.' She dashed into the town. Castleford was a military dep6t, and knots of red- , coated officers grouped here and there, lowered their crests, and gazed after her with admjring eyes as she flew by. ' Plucky girl that,' said Captain Vere de Vere to his friend Captain Howard. ' Gad i how squarely she sits her saddle. And what a waltzer she is —as graceful as a P;arisienne ballerina, and as springy. Comfortable thing there waiting for some lucky beggar — clear eight thousand a year. Not a handsome girl, I admit, but what would you ? Doosidly clever, too, and that's/a drawback. I hate your clever; wotnen-rrput a fellow out of coun tenance, by Jove ! Shouldn't know any thing—women shouldn't, beyond the three feminine arts — dancing, dressmak ing, and looking pretty. With which terse ;summary of women's duties the Honourable Plantagenet Vere de Vere lighted his huge manilla and sauntered away,' ' She seemed uncommonly sweet on that foreigner, that Creole fellows, what's his name— at the concert last night,' he thought. « It's always fellows like that, with tenor voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimonial prizes; Heard her tell Edith Talbot last night all the officers at Castleford had ginger hair, and knew no more how to waltz than so many lively young elephants.' Miss Dangerfield's errand was to a Castleford bookseller's, and her order was for all the newest novels. She came out presently, followed by the obsequious shopman carrying her parcel and bowing Lis thanks. The storm was very near now. The whole sky was dark — there was that oppressive heat and stillness in the air that usually precedes a thunder storm. ' Coming,' Miss Dangerfield thought, vaulting into her saddle. ' Now then, Ilderim, my beauty, my d?rling, outstrip the storm if you can 1' She was off like the wind, and in a few minutes the town lay far behind her. But fate had decreed to take sides with Roberts. On the bare downs, treeless ahd house less, the lightning leaped like a two- edged sword. There came the booming crash of thunder, then a deluge of rain and the midday summer tempest was tipon her in its might. The swift, sudden blaze of the lightning in Ins eyes startled the nervobs "syste m of Ilderim. He tossed his little black Arabian head in the air with a snort of terror, made a bound forward, and fled over the grassy plains with the speed of an express train. ' A runaway, by Jove !' A man 'nrted forward with the cry upon his lips, and made the a ;ile spring of a wild-cat at Ilderim's bridle rein. A i moment's struggle and then the spirited Arab stood still under the grasp of an I iron hand, qnivering in every limb, and his mistress, looking down from her saddle, met full two of the most beautiful eyes into which it had ever been her good fortune to look. It was Mr. Gaston Dantree, the hand some silver-voiced tenor of last night's concert, and a flash of glad . surprise lighted up her face. ' Mr. Dantree,' she cried, ' you ! and in this temptest and at so opportune a moment. How shall I thank you for save — for rendering me such very timely i assistance ?' ' For saving my life,' she had been going to say, but that would have been coming it a little too strong. Her life had not been in the smallest danger — she was a thorough horse-woman, and could have managed a much wilder animal than Ilderim. But the knight to the rescue was Mr. Dantree, and last night Miss Dangerfield had looked for the first time into those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen straight in love: with their owner. He was very handsome ; perfectly, fault- essly handsome, with an olive complexion, a low forehead, a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark almond eyes, of 'liquid light.' Not tall, not stout, not very manly looking, perhaps, in any Wby ; men were rather given to sneer at Mr. Gaston Dantree's some what effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr. Dantree's black eyes, in Mr. Dantree's musical voice, in Mr. Dantree's trained muscles, that would have rendered a serious difficulty a little unpleasant. He took off his hat now despite the pouring rain, and stood before the heiress of Scars- wood, looking like the Apollo himself in a shabby shooting jacket. 'You do me too much honour, Miss Dangerfield ; I don't really think your life was in any danger ; still it's pleasant to know I was the one to stop your black steed, all the same. Rather a coincidence, by-the-bye, that I should meet you here just at present, as, taking advantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scarswood.' ' And Scarswood is very well worth seeing, I assure you. As it is not more that a quarter of a mile to the gates, sup pose you resume your hat and your iourney ?' ' But, Miss Dangerfield, you will get your death at this pace, in this down pour.' ' Oh, no. 'I'll not,' Katherine answered coolly. The rain will never fall that will give me my death ! You don't lcnov how strong I am. Come Mr. Dantree, et me see if you can walk as fast as Ilderim.' She looked down at him with that brilliant smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. ' Come Mr. Dantree,' she repeated,/ let me be Cicerone for once, and show you the splendours of Scarswood. It is the show place of the neighbourhood, you know, built by a Dangerfield, I am afraid to say how' many centuries ago. We came over with William, the wlmt's-his name, you know, or perhaps William found us here when he arrived ; I'm not positive .vhich. We're a dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race ; and I wouldn't be anybody but Katherine .Dangerfield of Scarwood Park fcr. the world !' She dashed under the hugh masonry as she spoke, half laughing, wholly in earnest. She was proud of the old blood that flowed so spiritedly in her veins, of this noble mansion, of the princely in heritance which was her birthright. 'Welcome to Scarswood, Mr. Dantree,' she said, as he passed by her side under the Norman arch. . He raised his hat. ' Thank you, Miss Dangerfield,' he said, gravely; and so, still by her side, walked up the dripping elm avenue and into the house. His fatal beauty — fatal, though he was but seven-and-twenty, too many women — had done its work once more. Her own had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger- field's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight ; ' it only contained these lines, written ir an elegant, flowing Italian chirography : Paris, September 23. My Dear Sir John Dangerfield, — How delightedly my pen.writcs the title ! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hop«||. it ? And you're back in England and fa petite— the little Katherine ! So full of spirit and self-will as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu ! fifteen weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am coming to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the 3rd of October you will send your carriage to Castleford station to meet the twenty minutes past seven London express and me. And your servant will ask for Mrs. Vavasor. I adapt my names as I do ; my conversation to my company, nnd among the 'aristocratic county families of Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, lor the present, and allow me to subscribe myself by the ' old cognomen.of Harriet Harmax. j P. S. — Tell my pet, Katherine, I am coming. Kiss the dai-ling child for me. He had sat lor hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a greyish pallor on his lace, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind-blown trees. The lightning leaped forth at intervals, the summer thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer lain beat on the glass.- He neither saw nor heard ; he sat like a man stunned by a great and sudden blow. ' And I thought her dead,' he murmured oncc. ' 1' hoped she wdS dead. I thought, after fifteen years silence, I was safe ; and now — oh, God, will the wicked wisii never be granted ?' He still sat there as he had sat si. ice he left the breakfast table, when the door wis flung wide open, and Katherine, dripping like, a mermaid, stood before him. ' May I come in papa, or have you fallen asleep ? Do you know it is two o'clock and past lunchecn time, and that I have brought home a guest? It's Mr. Dantree, papa.- You remember him, you know, as he wants to see the house, and I want you to be civil to him. He's in the blue drawing-room ; and while I'm changing my habit I wish, I wish you would go and entertain him. Papa >' (She broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face.) ' What is the matter ? You look like your own ghost !' He rose up stiffly, as if his limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more tightly still in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered : ' I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man — Gaston Dantree. By-thc by Kathic, tell Harrison to prepare one of the front chambers for a — a lady — an old friend of mine who is coming to visit us. She will be here on the evening of the third ol October next, and he name is Mrs. Vavasor.' 