THE HOMEOPATHIC HOSPITAL BY JKNNINGS CAUMICHAKI,. It is jus! ton yours since the lirst wing of the Melbourne llomn>oputhic Hospital was finished, the foundation-stone having been laid three years belore that by the Marquis ctf Norintuiby, then Governor of Victoria. The new wing, which ia the gift of "An Unknown Donor," was completed in IS'JO, the finished building now being one of the most imposing structures on lite St. Kilda road. A great litany people regard the Homa'opafhic Hospital as the institution of n few harmless theorists, npver realising that within its walls the mime momen tous warfare with disease tunl death is carried on as in other hospitals. There was an increase by more than a thousand list year 111 the number of patients treated. This, in connection with the fact that the larjje building is always well filled, proves that the institution supplies a permanent want. fiimilia simtlihux curantnr, the honveo pathic motto, greets fhe visitor on entering the hall. The lini- is insciibed on a fine nrch, supported on Corinthian columns, just within the door. To the left a marble slab on the wall testifies in letters of gold to the number of donors who have contributed handsomely to the hospital funds. Among the names 1 noticed Mr. Robert I'.eid, M.I/.C., who gave £1,000, and the trustees of the estate ol Mr, T. .1. Sumner, who likew ise con tributed £1,000. Mr. .1. NV. Hunt, J.P., chair man of the board of management, an entliU' Bias tie, homnMipathist and one of the main Bupportersof the institution, subscribed £250 o)s<? the lion, treasurer, Mr. (j. G. Crespin J.I\, £100. Many others also gave this amount, the list being a fairly long one. Tin main staircase, leading up from the hall, ii £95SBE9E9B>SSHHHnBBB9BM9MBBeS99SS enriched with a beautiful stained-glass window, bearing the appropriate figure of /Esculapius. This window was erected by Dr W, R. Rtiy in memory of his father, whowa one of the first physicians of the institution The lirst ward we ent ria the " male medical," a beautiful room, containing 21 beds, 1,433 cubic inchps of apace being allowed for euch patient. The kauri pine flooring, fastened with secret nails, is beautilully smooth, and covered with strips of linoleum matching the colour of the boards. The centre of the ward is ornamented with clusters ot pampas-grass and tables full of flowers and foliage. The pictures on the walls and the paintings on the ventilators-some of which were done by a memoorof the nursing staff-give a bright ness to the place, which is completed by the flowing lire burning at the end ot the ward. From the windows lacing the. iront there is u pleasant view of the grounds and the Domain lieyond. The space for a garden is limited but what room there is has been well laid out in lawns and shrubbery. The female medical ward is a duplicate of the ward for males, and is situated on the same side of the build ing. Attached to every ward is a pantry and a private room for the nurses. The pantry is provided with a gas-stove, which must be a i a treat comturt to the nursing statt', and save ; endless running up and down stairs. The I surgical ward for females has a novel look, ; through the fact that half the space is taken , up in private wards, there being four off the ; main room. The prices for the occupation of \- these private wards have lately been reduced \- Irom three and lour guineas weekly to two \- and three. In a corner oi the general ward i is the " Endowment Cot," which costs £38 ; a year to keep up. An entertainment in aid , of this fund was held on the 8th irist., at the 3 Kew Recreation-hall, by the pupils of Rolyat e College, assisted by Signor and Signorina s Kebottaro, and I hear it proved a great SQCCPBS. The cot and the bright-faced little occupant remind me of old times. "Do you like this hospital, Gwennie?"I ask, as she lifts the bandaged leg and gives it .a tender Btroke. " Oh, yes ; 1 like this hospital, and all the doctors, too. Fancy ! I keep all the nurses' baskets tidy. They will miss roe when I go! I'm always tidying those baskets, and yet they never seem tidy." "You have a lovely eat there," I THE HOMEOPATHIC HOSPITAL, TAKEN FHOM ST. HILDA ROAD. THE NURSING STAFF AND THE MATRON (MISS CAMPBELL). (FROM A PHOTOGRAPH BT WEBB AND WEBB, 136 8WAN8TON-STREET, HELBOUENE.) UPW' AW AMOOIATIOK COT, MOoHVAlttaENTH ON TH* EAtOQN*. observe, glancing at a stuffed object on the mantelpiece which was quite an anatomical curiosity. "Oh, yes ; but his neck's too thin. We have a lovely cut at home-a live one, you know-called Hoots. Then we have another named Jim. I'm very fond of cats. J im was lost once tor seven days alter we shifted. lie canv hack all right, quite by himselt, I exo<-ct lie knew the voice of the magpie and the cockatoo in our backyard." Gwennie was a communicative little chatter box, and 1 couid readily understand her popu larity in the ward. She was looking lorward to going iioine next day, and seemed quite excited at the prospect. No matter how contented the little ones become under the hospital root', " going home again ' is nearly always eagerly anticipated. A painful contrast to bright Gwennie is the little burnt child at the other end of the ward. The small, cropped head lies so quietly on the pillow, and she looks at me with shy, wistiul, brown eyes ; but lean not persuade the poor mite to talk. She answers my questions inarticulately, and a ghost of a smile bghtB her lace. A velvet pusjy, full brother to our friend on the mantelpiece, is close at hand, and i believe Gwennie and she otten compare cats with a great deal of friendliness and some argument. The little ones a jjive a touch of brightness and a pathetic interest to the adult wards. They are always popular and, consequently, nearly always spoilt. Some " tjood" eases, lo speak proi'es ijio/iiiJJi, are in the lemale surgical want, and tlie kind-laced Inad nurse nives uie an account of them which botli interests and astonishes me. I was not aware of the laet that major operations were performed at all in the institution, and I think my ignorance is more general than could be desired. In this ward are four patients, upon whom the most critical operations have been periormed, all being successful. During last year 300 major operations were performed, so this is no experimental hospital. The male surgical ward is provided with four private rooms, and it is arranged exactly like the corre sponding ward for femalea. The nurses'^.quarters are at the top of the building, and they are very comfortable and complete. A dining-hail and sitting-room «re devoted to their especial use, the latter con taining a libiary, for which contributions are always most acceptable. The Homoeo pathic Hospital nutses are very well cared for, the rougher work being taken from them, and every arrangement made for their comfort both on and off duty. The ward Honrs are polished by wardstnen ; a special maid is told off for the nurses' ^uaiters, so that they have nothing to do but purely nursing duties- and <iuite enough too. The custom of keeping nurses constantly at menial work is a mistaken one, and it?- is rapidly giving way to a more reasonable and humane system. The probation at the Homceopaihic Hospital lasts for three years, during which time the probationers are changed every few months from ward to ward, until thoroughly experienced in Uieir duties. The lectures held in connec tion with their training are very popular both with the st.itT and the public. The friends of subscribers are admitted to the course by ticket, and sn large is the atten dance that the board-room is always tilled to overflowing, tully 1D0 strangers being present the day I visited the hospital. The course of lectures for ibis winter comprint s-" Elemen tary Anatomy, Elementary Physiology, and General Nursing." L>r. W. K. Uouton's little printer! list of " Don'ts. for Hospital Nurses," is an all-round leolure in itself, full of useful hints for either amateur or professional nursing. Aliss Campbell, who has held the re sponsible position of matron for the last 10 years, was the -first nurse trained in the insti tution, and she seeius most popular with her staff. She has a singularly bind face, and a very gentle and womanly manner. Miss Campbell has just been made a member of the Iloyal British Nurses' Association, an honour rare, 1 believe, on this side of the world. Mr. Bennett, the superintendent and secretary ot the hospital, who has held his position for 10 years, is a very popular and efficient officer, of whom everyone hits a good word tu say. Through the courtesy, of Mr. T. J. Howard, a member of the board of management, I was intro duced to the whole staff and shown over the building. I was very much strucK l>y the evidence of good feeling existing among the tnembersof the hospital family. There is an absence of the institutional air, giving a de lightful sense of homeliness which the patients mu9t appreciate. The nurses all look thoroughly happy in their work, and their health does not appear to suffer very much from the constant strain inevitable in hospital life. Of course the young faces grow a httle pale, and have not the open-air freshness we might wish to see. But, to quote Oliver Wendell Holmes:-"Souls grow white, as well as cheeks, in those holy doties ; one that goes in a nurse may come out an angel." The fine large balconies, running all round the building, are a great boon to the patients. A gathering of '"convalescents" has been token by The Auxtra/asian photographer, the patients of both sexes being grouped together for the picture. As a matter of fact, however, the male and female patients are always separated, according to the usual hospital rnle. The balconies, furnished with lounges and ornamented with pot plants, are reached from the wards, in each of which is a window opening on to the floor, so that a M ^ 1*1 WJMM THE DISPEHSABY^ ,A <' .< I' patient can be carried into the fresh air, bed and all,5if .necessary. The tleiiderit medical officer, Dr. Henry Cook-iWho is, for the present, the only house doctor--Jtindly explains to uae the mysteries of homiBop&thy; as we make our way to the dispetijljli#." Afthonghl have practically be iieWMiiiaihe treatment for uome years, finding it inooedsl'ut in ciiiidren's ailments, I humasopathy could oope .w^ii^fieripaa disease. However, I unde,r A ih« reda1ts, both in medicine and tiavelieenniost satisfactory. Cer '^ll^utl' Haaist'a, ordinary hospital only homoeopathic "^^ '?iaH instances. Thesis little place, especially^ fcllopathio dispensing, shelves, filled with of powders «nd nd'theWfls, Hkveaa The chief fitting Mm ixmwbwM «uwi »ut*ery, the building-is the laree filter, pure water being so constantly used in homoeopathic dispensing. The out-patients' department adjoins the dispensary, also the servants' quarters, laundry, kc, 1 must not conclude without mentioning the Ladies' Aid Association connected with this institution, the members of which have done good work for both patients and staff. Two of the ladies visit the hospital monthly, and see that all requirements regarding the regulations are complied with. On these ladies also falls the responsibility of sup porting the "Endowment Cot," and sub scriptions towards this fund are earnestly requested. Subscribers have the privilege INTEBIOS OF THE MEDICAL WAED. of recommending through the committee. Sir W. J, Clarke, who is to the fore in a<> many philanthropic movements, is pr»*si>!cnt or the institurion. The vice- presidents are Mr. J. W. Hunt, J.P., and Mr. J. M. Iiruce. 