Br 'Avatm's Ghost.' A meeting of the committee of the Naran dera Turf Club was held at the Royal Mail Hotel yesterday afternoon. Present — Means J. F. WiUans (in the chair), Abra hams, Kudd, Hoggins, Gough, Huia, Arm strong, Jenkins, Thompson, Wise, Lincoln, and the S soret&ry.; It was deoided on the motion »i Mr Higgins, seoonded by Mr Abrahams, that the bookmakers be required VJ UOpUHltf Stf\\! IUS TO, glUkllUlWW pi gUUU UUM1, and that their clerks pay the usual entranoe fee to the paddock; that members of Sydney and Melbourne TftttersaU's lie exempt from the rule. Other business, in regard to the club taking control of the gates, ? tc, waa transacted, and the meeting eonoludtd. The Wagga I'ouy Races' oil Saturday re united as follow: — Opening Handicap.— Myrene, 1; Molly Darling, 2. Railway Handicap.— Moonlight 1 ; Littlo Carbine 2. Farmer's Home Handicap. — Elsie 1 j Moon stone, 2. Hack Race.— Frailty, 1 ; Lady Waterford, 2. Easter Handicap.— Molly. Darling, 1 ; Mooustone, 2. Forced Handi cap. — Redeemer, 1 ; Moonlight, 2. The first starting machine io beiiud in this district has oausei a good deal of interest to be taken in the pattern now j-ur- chased for .use on the Naraadera oourse. It is one of Gray's maohines j. and on Thurs. day-last a number of gentlemen interested in sport' procjeded to the course to.see it tried at tho eix'-furiongs^ starting post. When, nut op temporarily the guts worked well. Mr T&gcombt;, eeoretaty of the N.T.C. in: tends tohave the machine used' at all the starting points, as by an arrangement 'o w.QOden slot* in. the ground it will be f Bimule matter to move the posts from' one point (o another between the various events on the programme. Legs, by Mentor, won the Park Handicap at Guudagai carrying 7»t lllbsamd ronning the 1} miles in 2miu. 17Wi. Legs is en gaged in the Town Plats at tbe N.T.U. Races at.7st 3Us. He does not incur a penalty for bis win. -rA Nsijradera sport offered £30 for Ijeona, ayayoway, the winner of the Trial Stakes, at JerilijBjjeJ-.but the offer was refused:. Creswiok', by Tatteadou— I.B.D., sire of Cressy io^ead. Jim Be.as;bB8»4es taking Silver Boss and Snnfly to MoiBourne, will also be aocompanied by Sundot. Jim informs me that he will shortly have another addition to his team, a half-sister to Silver Eoao, by Somerset — Rose. MrC. M. Uoyd has returned hothOobbitty and Malachite to their owner, Mrs White. Paris has landed in London, It will not bo long before the little ' gallopiug machine'1 shows them at home that he knows how to gallop. Blarneystone has been sold to go to India, with a view of winning the Vioeroy Cup. The Sydney Cup wan worth £2609 tn the winner, and the Melbourne Cup only £3,500. Arihi, the last Haribyruong Plato, winner is dead. Mr J. B. Clark has decided to give ap lacing, and has disposed privately of Rose -stem to J. E. Brewer, and Esoapadehas been bought by a gentleman in this district, raoing under the name of J. W. Bmddon. ,- Alnnioue won the Balranald Handicap, li miles, carving out the distance in 2min 47} sees. .' Correze was awarded first prize st the Metropolitan Show, Sydnev. St Blaize was placed second, and Sir William third. A match for £26 aside, took place on the Gundagai Race-course on Monday, between Mr R. Paine's Duokenfield, 8st 41bs, and Mr J. Ryan's Sherbrooke, 9st lOlbs, \ mile. Sherbrooke got a slight advantage at the start ana maintained the lead until about a furlong from the winning post, where One kenfield came with a rash, but could not get on even terms with Sherbrooke, who wan by a nose in Imin 17£eeca. The race arose ont of tbe dead heat in the Final Handicap at the South Gundagat races- wk Saturday. The winner was ridden by G. Stanmore, and Duokenfield by T. Faunt. An umpire in South Africa has discovered an original way of dealinj with the man who makes a ' back-handed' stroke. According to the ' South African Review,' a batsman by this stroke had sent the ball to a part of the field where there was nobody to Btop it, and on appeal the umpire gave him out, because ' after indicating a eertain position, and tbe field having been set accordingly, he had been guilty of a breaoh of etiquette.' Albert Wall, at one time a leading pro fessional pedestrian, met his death on Friday morning in Sydney in a shocking- manner. While in delirium tremens the unfortunate fellow was seized with a suioidal impulse which led him to throw himself from the back top window of a house in Chi&holin-; street, near Moore Park, and dash Ha brains outon the pavement of the yard b ,; -?-,. Mr A. C. Edwards has pnr.'-;_ed the Melbourne trotting rauro Miss Star, and has entered her for both trots at Hay. Ebor carried 12st 1 31b« to seoond place in a hurdle race in New Zealand last week. At the sale of ths privileges far 'he Hay Jockey Club Annual Races tbo gates were sold to Mr Simlitzky for £58 10s. The in side booth, realised £12 2s 6d; the outside booth, £6 ; refreshments, £1 ; card, £6 la's ; tethering ri^ht, £1. Ben Andrew opened his new billiard saloon on Saturday evening, and all through the night did a roaring biz. The programme for the Whitton Amateur Turf Club appears on the fourth page. There are six events on the bill of fare, aud all classes of horses are provided for. The meeting takes place on the 24th May. The Nitramlera Turf Club's Races com meuce to-morrow, i Virtue won the Fourteen-ono ? Handicap at Kensington ou Saturday, cutting out the 4h furlongs in 59iseo. 'The Paddiugtou team beat the South Sydneyites iu the final round of Electorate matches on the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday last. The stewards of the Jerilderie Jockey CUb, not belli,; satisfied with Olea's running iu the Hurdle Rtrce last Wednesday, oalled ou her rider (J. Loy) for an explanation, which being considered unsatisfactory, th y disqualified the owner, marc, and rider for six months. The nominations for the meeting totalled 156 for 1 1 races, as compared with 154 for 12 races last year. 