THE MENACING EYE. A Short Detective Story. CHAPTER III. THI DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A PROF'ESSIONAI AND AN AMATEUR. f; \- There was knocking at my door, and the voice of Mr Hamilton quivered with fear u he asked whet had happened. 1 opened the door and let him in. He was followed by three or four *er vants, inc'uding the butler, who looked rjry much frightened. He stared from Mr Hamilton to me in a manner indicating eeriona perplexity. I heard him whisper to one of the women-servants to »Bk how it happened that 1 was in Mr Hamilton’s ! ^hilo making my previous investiga tions, I had been hastily putting on my clothes, so that when I admitted the master of the house and his servants, I was almost completely attired. Mr Hamilton thought I had not been to bed. He asked in boundless surprise if the eye had appeared in the light. "No.” I replied, “ they put the gas ont first. That’s easy enough. They could easily get at the pipe.” " What did you lire at P” he gasped. “ At the ej e,” wss my response, •• and I’ll bet my bullet went right through the middl-; of it.” Hamilton shuddered. "I hope that Mrs Hamilton was not aeriouBly alarmed ? ’ 1 said. "She was badly frightened,” he said. "I have succeeded in calming her some what. I ran into her room instantly upon hearing the shot. " It seems that she had not been asleep. In fact, Bhe sleeps rarely; that is one of the worst features of her malady. “To-night the storm kept her awake, of course, She fancied that she heard voices, and all sorts of alarming noises—so the nurse says.” “ In the dressing-room P” I asked, with a Emile. He looked at me anxiously. “ Do yoc imagine-’ he begsn. "I'm practically sure of it,” said I. “ The Becret entrance to this room is from that direction. It ia not through the door, aor through the bare wall. There's the 1 pointed to a tall book-case with glass doors, curiously fashioned after the manner of the old windows. It stood against the wall. I had viewed that bookcase with suspicion the fiiBt time I had seen it, hut my nraliminary investigations had revealed nothing. 1 went to it and turned the key in tin unusually heavy lock. Then I threw opei .the doors. They were very strong, witl •rectal frame-work for the glass. The iunei iside of the doors was covered with a blacl woven fabric of the nature of velvet. For say person to como through those doors from the other side while they were looked was simply impossible. “ Do you Know of any secret entranea tc this room by means of this book-case f” H > shook his head, *• There is none,” he said. “ Then, Mr Hamilton,” said I, dropping into a chair, “I know exactly what to dc to get at the bottom of this whole mystery.” ‘‘What’s that ?” he said. “Send this,” said I, handing him a piece of paper on which I had written these words -. ‘ boms down here., at any sacrifice. It will be worth y>;ur while." The message was addressed to Nick Carter. I sent it ofi as soon as the tele graph office was open the next morning, and Nick or me down early in the after Ha heard Mr Hamilton's story and mine with a very grave face, “ This is certainly marvellous,” he said, “and I believe that it contains a real warning. 1 csn say, with the greatest confidence, that these manifestations indi cate that you, Mr Hamilton, with your wife and servants, should leave this " Do you believe,” asked Hamilton, with a ghastly face, “that this ifl my dead fathers ceeire.” “It supernatural beings." said Nick, “(are cognisant of earthly affairs, that is unquestionably hit desire." Mr Hamilton bowed gravely, and with out another word wont to give the neces sary orders, “Well, upon my word,” said Niek, when he was gone; “ that man is so thoroughly •convinced of the supernatural nature of | this occurrence that he didn’t even ask m?i for a rational explanation 1 Let’s go up to that room.” Wa went up. Nick spent about a minute W looking the place over. " Got in through, the book-case, l see," he. said. “Won’t do, Nick,” said I. “The. doomj Were locked and they equeak when they are opened, and there isn’t a panel in the side of the thing anywhere.” " There’s on* in the back,” said Nick. " I ten see it from here.” . Ha had the doors open, and wav looking hito tho hook-case. "I susp.'oted that,” said I, “but I wouldn't find it.” tt “ I'll show it to you by and by,” said he, ’tWe’a another one in the bottom.” . “U the bottom-’’ I began, wonder ing. “ Don’t yon see,” said he, “ somebody went down through the bottom into that tig drawer. Tne drawer isn’t locked, the man inside of it could shove it open, and then ho could step right cut of it into the room.” He showed me how it was done. The waver worked noiselessly. ‘But the eye—how was that managed t” I asked. Ha htld one of the doors of the book-case ®pen, and examined the b.aok curtain *hich covered it on the inside. Finally ke drew it aside in one place in a peculiar fanner. A lenticular glass was thus tired. It wss round, and about as big as * cancer. The curtain was so arranged that it ^°uld be opened exactly at that spot, -eaviti, au the reit of the glass covered. “ Look through that.” he said, directing ay eye to the round glass. 1 ;saw a greatly magnified image of a jjrtcf the walltof tho room. In short, ‘tat round pieoe of glass set into the frame ®f the door was a lens. Hick got on the other side of it. . J, e»w for an instant hie face was magni jod and distorted, aid then, as he:got in [°on*i only his <ji was visible, and it ipoked mors or less like the eje that I bad seen in the night, but without the ghastly illumination. _ “ That,” he said; in answer to my ques tion, “ was produced, probably, by a small electric light within the curtain, and backed by a reflector, so that the rays were thrown exactly into the eye of a person standing behind thi? door. “ In other words, somebody, by means cf the panel, got into this book-case, which is eu> pty, as you see. He then threw a ray of lignt into your eyt, through a oraok, so as to dazile you and ahjo get a little light on you, so he coaid toil when you were go ing to shoot. “ That light didn’t help you any. Then he touched off his electric light inside the reflector, and put his eye iu the focus of this lens. Ton saw the eye through the glass. “ The black curtain prevented yon see ing anything else, for no light could come out. The eye appeared to stand alone, and it was enormously magnified and dis torted, but the electric light brought oat the color—mind that.” “ But, hold on, Nick,” said I; “ this won’t do at all. The eye wasn’t here. It was over at the end of the room. For in stance, from my bed, I looked south to this book-case, but the eye was due west of me—right over the foot. of the bed. It was just between those windows. “ Do yon suppose that I shot at this thing and hit away over there, at right angles with the direction of the thing I shot at?” Niok laughed. “ No,” he said j “ we strike now a new thing in ghosts. Didn't it occur to you as strange that you never could find anything in thiB room after it got dark, that yon fell out of bed on one side, and got up on the oiher, that you looked for tbe table, and for the chair with your waistcoat on it, and couldn't find them P . “ Why, my boy, they, played a beautifnl trick with yon. JnBt as soon as you got into , bed, and the lights were out, some body sneaked into your room and turned yonr bod around. Look at those castors!” Well, they were the finest things i. ever saw. They wsre little pneumatic wheels, and the bed rolled on them without a shiver or a sound. •'When you got into bed,” Nick con tinued, " you looked out over the foot of it toward that wall where the windows are. i When they twisted you around, you ! looked at the bookcase. “The instant they saw that you were ready to fire, they put the light cut, and the man under your bed wheeled it around. No wonder you couldn't hit anything. The bed was moving. “ Before you could find your matches, the man who turned the bed crawled out agiin, end once you fell over him. It didn't take him long to get out of the room by meins of this drawer and panel. “ The first time you jumped out of bed it was moving That's one reason why you fell down. When yon started up, yon were under the bed, and you banged your bead on one of the heavy mahogany sides. Then yonr visitor rolled the bed over yon, and you got up on the other side. ’ Nick paused a minute to listen. “Ah,” he s*id, “they're taking away Mrs Hamilton.” “It was true. We heard them carry her through the hall.” “ Come,” said Nick, and he stepped in side the hook-case. I followed, and we stood there listening. He had closed the dcois behind us. Presently I heard a stop in the dressing-room. Someone was liBten iog at onr door. I heard a bolt slide on the other side of it. Then the footsteps retreatsd. Nex!; minute there was a light in tbe darkness. Nick had opened the panel. We passed through into the dressing room and crept toward the door of Mrs Hamilton’s apartment. I looked through and saw the English butler leaning ov.jr Mrs Hamilton’s bed Ha ripped the sack ing op an and pulled out of it a hundred thousand in notes, and eight thou sand in gold — the missing money of the Hamilton estate. There wain’fc any need to count it. We both knew what it Nick had the butler in his grip in a 1 twinkling. Thera was a little struggle, in : the course of which, to my momentary horror, Niok pulled off the butler’s hair and his side whieksrs. He looked very different. Without explaining to me or apologising to the butler, Niok led him rapidly through the hall. At the end of it we encountered Mr Hamilton. He stared in wonder, and very nearly fell down tbe stairs behind “ Fiank! he exclaimed. “ So I supposed,” said Nick. “ Your brother, I believe, Mr Hamilton. _ Disin herited by your father’s 'will, I believe.’1 11 It is bo,” replied Hamilton. “ My father did not believe that he was to be trusted with the management of any large Earn of money, and bo he put my brother s share in my c»re.” *' lxy share 1” exclaimed the prisoner. “ Whet did it amount to anyway P No ^MDh, I might as well tell the whole story now. I heard the will read, then I got hold of a key to my father’s drawer in the eafa, and secured that memorandum. " It iB said that the money was hidden in his bed—just what might be expected of a man like my father* I resolved to have it, bnt jcur wife lay tick in that bed, and the chances were, according to the doctor’s story, that she would lie there for two years. *• She never slept sonudly enough to per mit of anybody’s touching the bed. Per haps I might have drugged her, bnt I was too decent for that. , . ,, “ So I tried to' scare yon out of the house. Then I was in a little too much of a hurry for the money, that’B all, and this man caught me.” . ** I suppose fcbis cm ®*1 he amicably sottled without the sid of the courts,” said Nick. ” I have explained the gbost t'i my friesd, aad I will explain it to you, Mr Hamilton, at any time. Mrs Hamilton may now bs brought back to her comfort able quarters. You must hire a new butler and two servants to replace the conepira tors he brought with him, and after that jou will not be disturbed by any more euj ernatural visitations.” [the end]. 