PARLIAMENTARY ABSENTEE. ana. j. w. white's case. Mr. Sclierk moved for a mouth's leave of absence to Sir White on account of ill health on Wednesday, says the Register. Mr. Price enquired if it was the right thing to continually give leave to a member to attend business. It was a question of pay ment of members. If a man could not attend to his duties he ought to resign. Mr. Brooter felt that the principle of pay ment of members would be brought into disreputeby members not looking after their duties, though be was personally friendly to Mr. White and regretted his absence. Mr. Caldwell thought Mr. White had been forced into the position he at present occu-' pied. They regretted his absence, but he understood that the hon. member had left pairs on important divisions. (Laughter.) Mr. Homhurg considered the House had some reason for complaint as regarded Mr. White. (Hear, hear.) Last year the hon. member threw upon the House the burden of sittings which were not at all appreciated, and he bad scarcely accom plished this by his vote when he let his fellow-members fight out the remainder of the session. (Mr. Batchelor—That was an inadvertence on his part.) (Laughter.) He was very, sorry that the necessities of business had carried Mr. White away. H Mr. Schert had given a satisfactory explana tion he would not hare said anything. They believed the matters of urgent pri vate business were matters affecting his own private earnings. But their party in the House, or rather those who were opposed to many measures of the Govern ment, and Mr. White was one of them, had no right to find the hon. members absent, and to throw upon the Government the obligation of finding pairs. Mr White might have left pairs. Of course they appreciated that very much. (Laughter.) But he certainly protested against a mem ber being allowed to desert the House in a critical-time like the present. It was not a. matter alone >of an hon.- member's con stituents, because there were a large num ber of measures in which all the members were concerned, and members ought to be present, not only to vote, but to use their influence, and give the House the benefit of their experience. The hon. member had been away three or four mouths. He did not intend to oppose the motion, but he hoped hon. members would take it that when husiness called members away for a long time they should resign. Mr. McDonald said members were hard in singling out Mr. White. His district was not complaining. (Mr. Archibald.—How do you know ?) There had been no peti tion. He imsrht be representing his dis trict. The Premeir would support the motion, because if Mr. White vrae- away be was assisting the development o£ the resources of the sister colony. (Laughter.) He declined to express an opinion on the general question. As to Mr. Caldwell's remarks, Mr. White might well exclaim, " Save me from my friends." He did not think that this matter nouid affect the system of payment of members which had received the seal of pubiic opinion, and was not likely to be shaken. If the irioiior was not carried theve would be a vacancy, and at the fag end of Parliament it was not desirable to hold an election. Mr: Hcxr. borg—Has he a commission from the Government ?) No. (Mr. Homburg—What resources is he developin g r ) The resourses of the sister colony. (Laughter.) He had done a great deal to draw attention to Esperance Bay, in which this colony was greatly interested, and be had" done much to opeu up that route to the fields, and if he had not a special commission,, be hoped he would secure personal advantage and the gratitude of South Australia. As to pairs, it was infinitely preferable* to have s> member present to listen to the arguments. Mr. Scherk said if he had anticipated any discussion be would- have explained that be moved the m-otion because Mr. White's col league (Sir J. Coles) could not do so. Unless the motion was carried the seat would be declared vacamt on Thursday, and no one wished that. The motion was carried. New Books.:—From Messrs. George Robertson & Co., Melbourne (through the local agent Mr. W. Thomas, Kapunda) we have received several new-books. "Cbap man's Magazine of Fiction" is a new publication, which w3t no doubt, find much favor with tfeie-geueral readers. Its stories are by the best authors and are chiefly complete in one number, which is a decided advantage in these days of business worry, when men's minds are not to be held for any leufftii of time from business cares. In the numbers under notice—May, Jisne, and, July—Bert Harte has a stirring serial entitled; "In a Hollow of the Hills."" For readers fond of the lighter and more amus ing class of reading, " Bad Matches, scenes from a London dinner party," by Anthony Hope? "-For the Cause," by Stanley J. Weyman, and "The. Bishop's Ghost and the- Pointer's Baby," by Frank K. Stockton, are admissibly suited. In the June number a serial, " A Hard Woman," by Violet Hunt, commence?, and the opening scenes are very interesting, the sixth being particularly so just now, as it has some infer ence to " Syndicating," of which the follow ing dialogue is a sample :—" What aiv you syndicating about ?—though it doesn't much matter, does it ?" " Of course it doesn't, as we shan't stay in a moment after the scrip is taken up—Oh well, yon won't understand—after the pub lic come in at the premium we want. Here is a description :—" The richest rei't" in West Australia—the prospectors built their oven up with gold-beaiing quartz, and swore fearfully when the five got hot and the gold began to run out and spoilt their damper." S. E. Crocket has also a story in this number entitled *• Tinder Cloud of Xijjht." The July num ber CjUJ.1 tv iti preicce^re in qualilj. 