DOROTHY'S JEWELS, OE THE > MYSTERIOUS MONOGRAM. | CHAPTER XXIX. An inquisitive woman holds the key to a tantalizing mystery. ' And she was right., young man,' Miss Fortesque emphatically rejoined, in a husky voice. He was astonished to see that her face had grown ghastly and her lips perfectly colourless, 'She was right,' she repeated. 'Nothing but misery ever can result from such a marriage. I infer frcm that remark that your mother's may have been a secret or a runaway marriage ?' she concluded, regarding him searching- ly. ' I have thought that might have been possible,' was the constrained reply. 'What was your mother's maiden name ?' ' Her given name was Helen.' ' Helen !' and there was a shrill note of pain in the woman's voice as she re peated it. 'Her other — tell me her surname,' she excitedly commanded. 'I do not know , she never told me,' Archie sadly responded, but marvelling at his companion's strange emotion, which was fast communicating itself to him. 'You do not know? Heavens, you do \ not know your own mother's name?' buist lrom the woman in amazement. 'No,' 'What was she like? — the colour of her eyes? — her hair? Describe her to me !' 'I have a picture of her , I will show it to you,' Archie returned, more and more perplexed and disturbed by the woman's manner. From his bosom hp drew forththe locket which he always wore, and quietly laid it in her hands. ; She gave one glance at it. A shriek of agony burst from her, and Ihen she fainted dead away. Archie sprang to his feet as that pier cing cry smote upon his ears, his own face almost as white as that of the unconscious woman before him. Retook possession of the locket, which had slipped from her nerveless fingers in to her lap, then darted away to find a stewardess. They had been sitting by themselves, under the bridge, as most of the voyag ers preferred to be in the sunlight ; but when Archie returned to Miss Fortesque, he found a number of people gathered around her, her cry and his excited movements having attracted their atten tion. But the woman's swoon was not of long duration. It had been caused simply by the shock she had received upon recognizing the locket, and animation began to reas sert itselt almost immediately. She appeared to be much annoyed when she realized what a commotion she had caused. She drank the water which the stew ardess had brought her, then motioned her imperatively away,' saying, with a glance at the people gathered about her : » ' It was only a momentary vertigo ; nobody need be alarmed — I am all right now !' The passengers immediately took the hint and retreated, thus leavins her again alone with Archie, who, now feeling sure that she held the key to the mystery which had so long surrounded his mother's early life, was only too anxious to have Miss Fortesque explain everything to him, if he could prevail upon her to do i so. 'Sit down,' the woman commanded, as she looked up into his face and saw how white and eager it was. He mechanically obeyed her. ' Give me that locket,' she continued, holding out a trembling hand for it. Without a word, he laid it again upon her palm, when her slim fingers closed spasmodically over it. She sat for several moments with it clasped thus in her hand, and looking out over the ocean, while she seemed to be struggling to control some deep emotion. At length she quietly opened the golden case, and gazed long and steadily at the picture within it. 'Helen,' she murmured, under her breath, while two great tears gathered in her eyes and rolled slowly over her wrin kled cheeks. Archie regarded her) with increasing astonishment. ' Did you ever know her ?' he asked, with a gesture indicating the picture. ' Know her,' the woman repeated, sit ting erect and lifting her heavy sorrowful eyes to his face. 'Boy, she was my own daughter.' chapter xxx. a mother's sad story. ' Your daughter ?' gasped the young man ; and he regarded his companion a« If he thought she had suddenly taken leave of her senses. ' Yes, my very own.' ' Then — then you must be' ' Your grandmother. Yes, if you care to own me as such,' Miss Fortesque re turned, with considerable bitterness. ' I do not understand — I cannot com prehend !' faltered Archie, whose mystifi ed countenance would have been an inter esting study for an artist. ' That is not strange,' the woman re plied, ' It it no wonder that you cannot (Comprehend how a woman in my posit ion, answering only to the name of and figuring before the world at Miss Fortes- Tjue — a rich old maid — should have been !he mother of this beautiful girl, and, tlhrougli her claim, relationship with you.' Archie's flushed and troubled face fold but too plainly how keenly her worcs cut him, although he made no response. ' How strange it is,' she resumed, after a moment of profound thought, 1 that sec rets which wc suppose to have been bu - ed so deep that there can be no possibil ity of their ever being unearthed, should suddenly rise to confrort us, like a rest less ghost of the past, when we least ex pect ict Archibald Wellington, I have car ried such asecret in the depths of my soul for more than fifty years — a secret which I firmly believe would go unrevealed with ine to my grave. But here, in mid-ocean, I am compelled, by a stranger, of whose existence I was unaware a week ago, to throw open the innermost recesses of my heart, and confess that which no one now living, save myself, ever even suspected.' ' Madam,' Archie here interposed, with an air of proud, though quiet dignity, which made his companion's eyes soften with an expression of unwonted tender ness, ' I beg that you will not feel com pelled to make any revelation to me which may be at at all harrowing to your feelings. Of course it is but natural that I should desire to know the history of my dear mother, who to me was the embo Ji ment of all that was most beautitul and exalted in life , but I wouW prefer tc forego such knowledge rather than wring from you a secret which may be both sac- J red and painful to you.1 ' My young friend, your kind consider ation docs you great credit,' Miss Fortes que remarked, as she bent upon him a look of approbation, ' and betrays a refinement of feeling that touches me deeply, I have confessed to you my relationship to your mother, which I have suspected from the moment when you told me that her name was Helen; and also that you believed her to have been an English woman.' ' There have doubtless been many Helens who were ' Englishwomen,' Archie began, smiling slightly, but thinking that was hardly sufficient ground to warrant her suspicions. ' True ; but you strongly resemble you mother, and that resemblance impres- ed me immediately ; but this likeness set tles the question with me. But if I go no further in my revelations to you — if I do not explain away certain doubts and suspicions which you cannot fail to enter tain, you would go your way when we reach New York, and carry a sore heart in your bosom all your life, and I should lose a link out ot mine, which, since I have dis covered it, I would not part with under any circumstances. Archibald, if, after I told you the story of my past, you can own and give men little affection, as your mother's mother, I believe that my de clining years will be happier than I have ever dared to hope.' Archie was deeply moved hy this ap peal, and something very like kindred feeling surged through his heart lor the aged woman besice him. ' You have shown yourself manly and tender, from the moment of your meeting.' Miss Fortesque resumed ; ' your kindness to me — a perfect stranger, and a crabbed old woman at that — at the hotel in Liver pool, and your thoughtful attention since, have aroused a very warm feeling in my heart for you, and I am free to say that I should be very proud to claim you as my daughter's son,' ' I fear that you overrate what have been no more than the commonest courtesies,' Archie modestly returned. ' If you regard them simply as com mon courtesies, they have not been very plentiful in my life, though, perhaps, I have been somewhat to blame ; for I warn you I am not always the most ami able creature in the world — indeed,! have relatives who have bestowed upon me the very significant appellation of ' the por cupine,' Miss Fortesque responded, with a erim smile. Then, noticing the twinkle of amuse ment in Archie's eyes, she added: ' And you also may live to learn that I have been rightly named. But now for my story,' she continued, with a sigh. ' When I was a girl, eightcer years old, I lost my mother, and during the next two years I and my sister, who was but twelve months younger, were left to the care of a governess. My father was a very weal thy landed proprietor, with a rent-roll that yielded him a very large income. He was as generous as a prince, and there was nothing in the world he would not do for his children, whom he idolized. I had one brother, who was a fe.v years my senior, and who, at the time I speak of, was an officer in her Majesty's service. Our governess was a highly-educated woman, but she was not fond of young people, and, after our lessons were over, she never paid much attention to us, al though it was understood that she was to have a general oversight of our lives and occupations : and thus we were left, a great deal of the timejto amuse ourselves as we chose. ' During a season which we spent in London, I studied under a noted musician, who, however, was a comparatively young man very handsome, and very cultivated To make a long story short, we fell n love with each other, and hours assigned for my lessons, instead of being devoted to musical, instruction, became simply interviews of the most sentimental nature. In three months we vere'betiothed lovers; and, finally, knowing that my father would never sanction our union, we agreed upon a secret marriage. ' The ceremony was performed very quietly, in a modest httle church in a suburb of London, and for a couple of weeks we believed ourselves to be in paradise, I am going from my home, ostensibly for my daily lesson, as usual. Then there came a blow that nearly de prived me of my reason a id shattered all my earthly "hopes. My hushand, on re turning from Richmond, where he h: d been to give a lesson, was killed'' .'Killed ?' exel aimed Archie, in a voice of horror. ' Yes,' returned Miss Fortesque, with white lips ; ' there was a railway accident, and he was crushed and mangled beyond recognition. Me was only identified by the name of his music roll ; even some papers, which were in ad inner pocket of his vest, and among which, I have every reason to believe, was our certificate, were so mangled and discoloured as to be en tirely illegible. The news of this horrible ttagedy made me almost insane with grief, and yet I felt obliged to hide my sorrow lest I should excite the suspicions of mv father. I dared not confess to him what I had done, for he was an intensely proud man, and I knew that he would never allow me to acknowledge before the world my re lations to him whom I had clandestinely married. Sc I crushed back into my heart mv blighted anguish, and bore my burden in silence. But it wore upon me — I lost flesh, strength, colour, ancHelfc no interest in life; my night were spent in weeping, my days in a continual struggle for an unnatural calmness. ' Several months passed thus, and then my father became alarmed at my contin ued feebleness, He wished me to consult a physician, but this 1 utterly refused to do. Then he proposed a season of travel, thinking that a change might per haps be beneficial-; but I begged him in stead to send me co my old nmrse — who had married, and was living in the country — and let her care for me until I grew better. He consented to this plan, and, with n, great burden .lifted from my heart, I sent tor the woman to come to me at once, when, knowing that I must have both help and sympathy from her, I confessed all my trouble to her. ' Her great good heart went out to me at once, and she took me away to her quiet home, where she cared for me with the utmost tenderness ; and when my little girl was born, no one save herself and I were the wiser for the fact. Of course I knew I could never claim my child, and she promised to care for her until she should be old enough to require \- a governess, when, she assured me, some I way would be opened to prov'de for her future.' « ' And this child was — my mother?' said Archie, inquiringly. ' Yes ; there can be no doubt of it,' re plied Miss Fortesque, 'as I will prove to you later. I named her Helen Talfourd. the latter being her father's surname, and she grew up believing that she was an orphan, and the child of some distant re lative of 'Nurse Hammond,' who was an unusually refined woman for one in her position. YVhen Helen was eight years old, I provided a competent governess for Iter, but decided that It was best for her to still remain with nurse, where 1 could visit her frequently, without ex citing comment, to ascertain what progress she was nicking in her studies, and pro- vidin i for all her needs and wants. She became deeply attached to me, and I loved her with an affection almost as absorbing as that which I had bestowed .upon her father. As years went on, she 'proved to be unusually bright and clever giving promise of exceeding beauty ;and then I began to regret most bitteily that I had not confessed my marriage at the outset, so that I might have claimed her and reared iter as a child cf the family. ' It is a most romantic story, but a very sad one,' Archie observed, as Miss For tesque paused a moment. ' Yes, and I ruined both my life and hers by that one false step — my secret marriage. That was doubtless what your mother meant — with, perhaps, some ref erence to her own mistake — when she told you never to ask a girl to mairy you secretly. When Helen was eleven and I thirty, my father died. Previous to this, my brother had resigned his commission and married, after which, taking his in heritance, lie went to America ; for the troubles and perplexities which, for a few years, had been caused b dishonest stewards and mischievous tenants had disgusted him with the life my father was living, and he wished to try something different. My sister «had also married, but her husband was a man of no- principle, who squandered his own fortune, and then tried to wring her set tlements from her. I alone had remain ed at home, refusing all offers of marri age, although my father often urged me to settle my future while he was living ; but my heart was in the grave with my lost dear one, and, loving him only. I could never be another man's wife.' Tears rushed involuntarily to Archie's eyes as she said this, for her face was almost con vulsed with agony as she thus recalled the bitter past. ' But to go back to the time of my father s death,' she resumed, after conquering her emotions, ' Asthere was no one to manage his estate, it was sold, and his wealth divided among the three children. My sister and her husband, after receiving their share, went to live upon the Continent, and my brother wrote, begging me to come to him in America. But this invitation I declined. i could not leave, my child — I felt that i must remain near her even though I could never acknowledge my relationship to her ; so i purchrsed a pretty villa, not far from Nurse Hammond's home, and, lor years, resided there, alone with my servants. i had Helen with me a great deal however, and the years between lhat time and her eighteenth biithday were among the hap- piestl had ever known. . She became very lovely, both in character and person, as she grew towards womanhood, and I often longed ito tell her the truth. But her one jfgreat fail ing was a morbid sensitiveness, and I feared the result upon her. (To be continued) " HEATING'S rOWDER" destroys BUGS PLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other insocta whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating Beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application. Soe the article you purchase is KEA'L'fNG'S, i.e. with tho signature THOMAS KEATING on each tin, as imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold ' in Tiffs, Gd. and Is. each, by all chemists. | Why not buy the best for your children I Ask for Arnott's Milk Arrowroot Biscuits. 