CONCERT AND PRESENTATION AT WAUBRA. A most enjoyable concert took place in the Me chanics’ Institute, Wanbra, in aid of the local R.C. Church fence fund, on Wednesday evening last; the president of the Lextonshire Council (Mr W. G. Harrison) occupying the chair. Although the weather was most unfavorable there was a large attendance, the hall being- well filled, and the rendi tion of each item on the programme, which was lengthy-and varied, was highly appreciated: -Every one of the pei formers received well-merited ap plause. The following comprised the programme:— Overture (piano), Misses Baber and E. Trewin. Songs —"You naughty, naughty man/* Mrs Burrows; “ Listening 1 * and “The dear little shamrock, 1 Mrs Fraser; “ Tell her I love her so” and “For ever and ever,” Miss Peaceck; “ Steer my barque,” Miss L. Ed monstou; “ The Irish emigrants," MUs Trewin; “The mighty deep" and “Simon the cellarer," Mr Roberts; “ Alice, where art thou” and “Garonne,” Mr Hager; “The holy city’’ and “Qieen of the earth," Mr Hast ing; and two comic songs by Mr W. Heffernan; duet, “Army and navy," Messrs Hager and Roberts; dances, skirt dance, sailor’* hornpipe, Irish jig, and Highland fling, by the Misses 'Burrows (2). Kecita tious—ShHtuus O'Brien ** and “Ah Lang's ghost,** Mr T. A. Kealy. After the concert, Mr W. Baber, president of the local branch of the A.N.a., came forward to present.to Mr T,‘ A. Kealy, ex-president cf the branch, a group of photos, the officers and several members.. In doing so Mr Baber referred in very complimentary terms to the invalu able «ervices rendered to the district by Mr Ke Jy during bis residence therein, and also to the A.N.A. from the time he became a member, his term of presi dency being a most profitable one from every point of .view to the members. Mr Kealy had won the esteem and'regard of the people of the district, and was much belovtd by his fellow members of the branch,- Mr Baber concluded by banding to Mr Kealy the group, which w a nicely executed by Mr Fraser, photographer, and bore the following words:—“ Pre sented to Ibos. A, Kealy, Esq , ex-president of the . Waubra branch A.N.A., No. 129, by the members on his leaving the district.’* Mr Kealy, in acknowledging the gift, said that any man might feel proud to be the recipient?of such a handsome and valuable present. He always felt pleased to meet a Waubra audience, and-be could assure them no gift could be dt-arer to him than one coming from the people cf the district where he had met many true friends. On a previous occasion he had occupied the proud position of having to acknowledge their kindness, and he was now honored by being the recipient of another gift. He had endeavored to further the interests of the A.N.A. and the district, hut his efforts to this end had been more > than repaid. Mr Kealy Exhorted the young men of the district who were not. f members cf the A.N.A. to join at once, as he felt it to ibe the duty of everyone to associate himself with something of the kind, if only for the sake of mutual improvement. He concluded by thanking the audience for the hearty reception they gave him, and the president and members of the A.N.A. for their beautiful gift. A vot<* of thanke having been passed to the performers the hall was cleared for dancing. The performers were subsequently entertained at an \- excellent supper, gratuitously provided by.MrandMrs Dewar, who were accorded a hearty vote of thanks on the motion of Mr £. Butler, the bon. secretary of the entertainment. 