ACT A POPULI. By The Flaneur. : Out of the mouths of babes cometh wisdom, tin tacks, brass buttons, sulphur- headed matches, and divers other articles too numerous to mention. Oc casionally some red-hot posers in the way of social conundrums are let out also, and illustrative of this we have the case of the inquisitive little maid who said — ' Mamma, will the rich and the poor people live together when they go to heaven ?' ' Certainly, mv dear : all nersons will be alike up there,' replied the mother, with that charming cock-suredness which characterizes women when giving their opinions on theological subjects. And then the maid knocked the Ma clean over the ropes by the inexplicable query, 'Well, way don't the rich and poor people associate together down hero r' ' Run out and play with the cat, my dear,' said the mother, somewhat severely, for she was a rich lady herself, and the bare idea of her associating on earth with the plebeian wives of her butcher and baker and dainty bootmaker was enough to send her into kicking fits straight away. This trouble is not confined to a question of rich and poor alone, however, for unfortunately there are still some narrow-minded bigots who will per sist in applying it to different' creeds and who would rather reign together in a body with Satan than tolerate the presence of persons of other deno minations in the court of heaven itself. With them the milk of human kindness has turned sour, and it would be as reasonable to look for figs on a cluster of Bathurst burrs as to expect to find a spark of true charity amongst the jaundiced crowd I now allude *to. As Tom Moore bitterly sang, they belong to 'that canting crew, So smooth, so goodly, — yat so devilish, too ; Who, urm'd a-t onau with prayer-books and with whips, Blood on thcic hands aud scripture on their lips, Tyrants hyoreed, nnd torturers by toxt, .-???:. . : Make tin's life holl, iu Iioeouc of tlw next.' The born bigot is, like Josh Billings's fly, 'The oftener you get rid of him in one spot the more he gets into another. You may. drive him out of your ear, and he will land on your forehead; hit him again, and he enters your nose, the only way to inculcate him with your moaning is to smash him up fine.' They have bigots at Bungendore, and of latesorae of the most venemous of those, reptiles have been venting their petty spite on the grand old paper that ]has waved for fifty years and braved the battle and the breeze — the Freeman's Journal, no less. But it is a wise move for no -account men to attack something holding a high position in the land. As Poe^once said, the serpent would never have been honoured by a place in the Constellation had it not stung Hercules in the heel. At a recent meeting of the Bungendore School of Arts committee it was moved by Mr. Millar d that the Freeman's Journal be discontinued. In one way this was a good thing for the Freeman, because owing to so many persons being able to. obtain, a cheap road no paper is benefited by being admitted into a public reading-room of any descrip tion. Mr. Millard must be something of a Balaam to his party, however, for he 'spoke most highly of the Freeman and praised the clearness of the articles that appeared in its columns,' but ' the times were bad, and the members had the S. M. Herald, the Telegraph and the Star, from either of which they could glean the news of the day without studying the Freeman.' Our plucky champion, Mr. Harold M. Davis, suggested that one of three papers mentioned should be dropped (as it would never be missed) and thn Freuman retained, but this amendment was said to have been lost. by one vote. In connection with this it is significant of much to find that one verdant youth (who should make a capital rail-straddling politician in future years, if the goats don't eat him) held up his right hand in favour of the motion and his left hand in favour of the amendment. His vote was recorded in a beautifully impartial manner as given in favour of the motion, and so the institution loses the free Freeman and the Freeman gains a few sub scribers. So far as the Freeman is concerned the action of the Bungendore bigots is beneficial, but the real issue at stake is the welfare of the local School o* Arts. Properly conducted a country town has no more valuable institution than its School of Arts- but in many instances all the good that such places could do is checked through their being ruled (as Mr. Davis says of the Bungendore School) ' by a clique, and a confoundedlybigoted clique at that.', Every School of . Arts should be run upon a non. sectarian and non-political basis, but the manage ment of tho3e institutions too often falls into the hands of a lot of wretched wire-pullers who use them in order to glorify themselves and forward their ? own selfish sordid views. Tho pity of the thing is that there seem? to be more unity of action and determination about the bigots than can be found amongst the tolerant. Like wolves the bigots charge down in packs, and it is a peculiarity of the devil's troops that they are generally well drilled. Like master, like man. Like shepherd, like sheep. And when th,e shepherd shows a petty petulant spirit no one can wonder if his nook capers round in a similar shameful state, which reminds me that the marvellous manner in which Catholics have of late been contributing to the support o^ matters connected with their faith seems to have excited the envy instead of the admiration of cer tain 'Christian' clergy who, as the saying goe.«- 'dig with the left foot.' The Anglican Bishop, Mr. Thornton, for example, while making a beg ging appeal to his people for support lecentlysaid — ' It grieved him most sincerely sometimes when he heard of men being cut down in income because someone had lost so much on a horse, or another had given so much to a Roman Catholic bazaar, that he must not be called on for the support of his church. Those who preached the Gospel should be able to live by doing so.' That is where the iron entered the poor pastor's soul, and unless the silver enters his pocket soon I fear the Catholics will have to come to his rescue by buying his church, after Father Doran's fashiont and paying off his debts by means of one of these Roman Catholic bazaars whose phenomenal success turns the poor ill- paid parson pea-green with envy; However, I will be able to give Bishop Thornton the straight tip for the Sydney Cup in a few days more (as soon as the winner has weighed in), and if he can get any money on the moke then he will find that, as a means of spreading the Terowth backing horses is a capital thing indeed — providing you back the right horse with the right man. Amongst the many apparently inexplicable matters that will require explaining in connection with the Bay view Lunacy Asylum trouble is the case of a certain patient whose first symptoms of insanity were set down as ' a desire to neglect his business and become a member of Parliament.' It is very certain that if the expression of such a desire is a sure sign if insanity it is painfully clear that about 99 per cent, of the people of Australia are on the wrong side of our lunacy asylum walls. Of course all men and women are not so hopelessly depraved as to sigh fcr a seat in Parliament, but there are times when everyone feels faint in the great struggle for life and cherishes a desire to let his business go to pot so that he or she can enjoy at least one day's thorough rest from all earthly toil and trouble. Personally, I am afraid I feel that way always. Like Mr. Pickwick's grog-giddiness, this complaint with me is 'chronic,' and now to add to ray misery it seems that every time I push the inkpot away in disgust I run the risk of being arrested as a man who 'expresses a desire to neglect his business' and who is therefore ipso facto a dangerous lunatic at large. Verily, this is ahard world indeed, as the balloon man said when he fell out and struck the exhibition grounds with a sicken ing thud, and once I got clear of it no ono will ever catch me here again — unless I can be born into the Vanderbilt or Rothschild f am.il v. The Stoic philosopher Licinius' Dimasippu s started the doctrine that all men are mad, and an other ancient ass, whom I will not honour by naming (I have forgotten his name anyway) added that women could not go mad because they didn't hold the necessary amount of brains to cause trouble when knocked off their balance. That was an in famous libel, of course, and the libeller deserved to be strangled with a stay-lace, or prodded to death with hairpins. The world has he'd millions of brainy women; in fact the first woman created seems to have had more brains than the first man, for when she found herself in trouble over the apple -stealing episode she fooled her partner into becoming an accessory after the fact so that she: might secure a companion in her banishment. To-day we find Eve's daughters actually taunting us with our want of shrewdness, for Lady Violet Greville sarcastically says— 'You men consider yourselves mighty smart, but, in reality, you can't see farther than your nose. While you are on your knees to us we can sea, not only through your heart, but right away into the dressmaker's shop, and while you are prating of undying love and other nonsense, we' are calculating how we will look in cream silk and nun's veiling !' That is not a happy thought for men to ponder over just now, but it confirms me in fie balief that the. average specimen of the New Woman is:m2re'.y the same Old Woman after all. Judging from recent all- night sittings and slang wanging scenes I presume ? most decent men would prefer to be in a lunacy asylum tobeing in Par and therefore it may be . something ? of a con solation to hear on the authority of Lord 3 haf tes - bury, Chairman of the London Lunacy Commis sioners, that ' some medical experts would, if they had their way, shut up nine-tenths of the people of England.' One of these1 experts' had given Lord Shaftesbury a list containing no fewer than forty signs of insanity, some one or more of which his lordship thought wove shown by nearly everybody. Beyond doubt some of these experts would say very serious things about a judge who forgot, Axis every day shrewdness to such an extent as to allow him to fool with the spook-raising insanity at night, and certainly they would have no hoRitation about pro nouncing Parkes to be as ' mad as a Mavoh hare-,'1 after wadiug through a volume of his froggy-doggy drivelling 'pomes.' The mind of man is a devi* of a puzzle indeed. And the mind of woman— well, that is something of a mystery even to herself. It is a well-known fact some men are perfectly sane on all subjects except one, which in some inex plicable way has the power of sending them clean aft their balance the moment their attention is directed to it. Occasionally this leads to incidents of a humorous nature, one of which occurred to a Freeman employe who having made a business call at the Gladesyille Asylum was strolling round the well-kept grounds when he met a person whom lie took to be a head gardener, and who in the most courteous and sensible manner led him along the walks explaining the species and nature of the trees and flowers, and conversing in general on different other topics in the most rational style imaginable. Just as theFitEEMANrepvesentative was listening with rapt attention to a learned discourse on ferns and lycopods, however, a puff of wind caused a few dead leaves on the path to flutter about, arid instantly the light of reason fled from the supposed gar dener's now wildly-glaring eyes. Pushing his com panion aside tho excited crank caught hold of the sides of his pants, after the fashion that a lithe limbed lady would hold her skirt in a Donnybrook reel, and shouting, ' This is where we set to part ners, half right and left, set and swing !' he threw back his head and began to kick up his heels and caper round with all the agility and mad vigour of a corroboree black with a pint of fighting rum planted about his bellybandular apartment-. It seems this poor fellow's wife had dropped dead in a ballroom, and although he remained perfectly sen sible at all other times, still anything that sug. gested dancing — such as the rluitering of the dry leaves— sent him delirious at once, and he generally required close watching for eight or ten hours after wards. This was a particularly pathetic case, and yet nothing more laughable could be conceived than the absurd antics of the unfortunate patient as he held out his pants, hopped nimbly about andshouted^ 'Ladies to the oentre ! Sot and swing ! Gallop round !' and all the other ballroom words of com mand he could remember. At the risk of being voted a beastly bore, I once again rise to ask — ' Is marriage a failure after all r' It is no use trying to sink the matrimonial policy, for, like Banquo's ghost and the fiscal policy, it ' will not down,' but keeps popping up in season aud out of season, and the more we wrestle with it the oftener we are thrown. Amongst the anti murriage items to hand of late we have the story of the settle-' em-on-the-soU statesman who, calling at a Northern farmhouse, asked a shock- headed youth where his father was. 'He's put in the paddock ploughin',' was the brief ; reply. 'Indeed,' re. turned the visitor, ' and where's your mother, my lad?' 'She's sittin' on the fence ma/ciu' father pflouyli,' replied the youth; and as the politician happened to be a married man himself he required no further enlightenment as regards the proper per son in that household to whom he should address his political conversation. The next item on the same list takes the form of an ad., which the charitable editor of a Western paper inserted free — possibly on the ' fellow feeling' principle — and r/hich ran in the following plaintive strain: — 'Birth.— Mrs. Dash; Hard luck! Ninth child ; bom March 1, '95. And wheat only two bob a bushel.' That's where the trouble comes in. Any man can keep a wife— especially if she is a willing woman who has no objection to skirmishing round and earning her own living; b\it the arrival of the ninth child is the last straw that breaks the poor ' cocky's' back in a freetrade land with wheat at two bob 'a. bushel;' On ths other hand, I learn from a Parkes paper that an esteemed friend of mine has in this his 76th year just taken to himself a fourth wife, and what is , more to the point, he is still well able to carve out a living for his family also. Personally, I am of opinion that every man sliould marry early and marry often, particularly if, like my friend, he is able to draw a prize in the matrimonial lottery every time he takes a ticket. When a man re marries he is always careful to explain that he does so for ' the sake of the children only.' During a long and chequered and chequoless career I have hitherto only known one exception to this rule, and that exception was a man who was somewhat straitened by the fact that he was too pious to tell even a ' white' lie, and besides ho didn't happen to have any children to hold up as an excuse either. My friend just referred to must be set down as another exception, for his children are all sturdy parents themselves; but I have great hopes of him still, and sincerely trust ho will prove as fortunate with his fourth venture as he was with all the others. Apropos to housekeeping and its cares and crsV expenses, it has been remarked that coal-miners hold as, great a veneration for their dogs as an Arab does for his trusty steed. In proof of this we read of -an old collier known as ' Long Jake,' whose daughter was a bonnie lass who was sought in mar riage by racist young men in the district. In due time the girl selected one of her many suitors, and while the young fellow's prospects were being de buted over by the girl's parents the mother asked f 'Dr- you really think Geordie can support a wife?'1 And then the father, removing his pipe from his jaw, and looking at his wife more in sorrow than in anger, said, ( ' Can Geordie keep a wife ? Well I should rather think he could,* Why, won\an, that chap cm hep- four do(js\' 