The House with One Light. By EVELYN EVERETT GREEN. Author of "Fir Tree Farm," "Two En- thusiasts," &c;, &c; "No, miss, there's nobody lives there now. It's all shut up—which seems a pity for a fine house like that. But old squire, he's a bit queer in his head; and if he chooses to shut up the Hall and live in a bit of a cottage with two old servants—why nobody can stop him, you see." "Is he mad, then? I didn't know you had a squire here?" "O yes—old Squire Hardcastle. We're had Hardcastles here as long as anybody can re- member; but it seems as though this one would be the last," and the woman sighed as though sorry about something. "Is there a story about them?" I asked, for as it was a wet evening and I had not many books, I was rather glad of a bit of gossip with my landlady, who was a pleasant old soul of the sort one only meets rarely, nowadays. "Get another cup and I'll pour you out a cup of tea with me, and you shall tell me the story to pass the time." "Well, miss," began Mrs. Muffler when this arrangement had been carried out to our mutual satisfaction, "I don't know that it'll sound much to you coming from London and furrain parts and hearing so many odd things; but we country folks think a deal of what happens hereabouts. Squire Hardcastle was always a bit of a miser, and he never kept open house as his fathers had done, and they do say he and his wife had scenes together, and that she pined away out of chagrin and vexation. However, I don't know if that's true. But at least she died when Master Geoffrey was twelve years old, and after that things were meaner than ever, and the poor lad had a sad time of it when he came home for his holidays. His father did send him to school, and he got to college, too, for he took a scholarship, and the old man seemed as though he couldn't forbear to let him use it, even though he did have to help him with an allowance—which folks say was very miserable and mean for a man in Master Geoffrey's position. However, he did well at college, and we were all fond of him here; but he came less and less, till one day when he had done his course and wanted his father to do something for him—we don't quite know what, but at any rate the old squire wouldn't do it, and there was a dreadful quarrel over it, folks say." "Was that before the hall was shut up?" "Yes, just before. Old squire was living in one wing then with the same queer old pair of servants as he's got still. They are as near in their ways as he, and suit him. Well, Master Geoffrey he came home, and there was a great quarrel about something—everybody says it was money—and then he went away next day in hot anger, and the old squire shut up the Hall and went to live at one of his lodges, and there he's lived ever since, letting everything go to rack and ruin, and folks say it's just to spite Mr. Geoffrey, who will have to come into it by and by, as it's all entailed; but they say the old man buries all the money he saves year by year, so that his son shall never have it; and they say the old man and woman know where it is and will get it when he's gone." "What a very odd story," I said, "and where is Mr. Geoffrey gone? and what is he doing?" "That's what nobody knows, miss. Mr. Geoffrey was too much away to make friends hereabouts, and when he went there wasn't anybody to tell us about him. They say he went to furrain parts, and that he had brains enough to get on anywhere. I'm sure I hope he has. It's a crying shame, as we all do say, that a fine promising young man and an only son should be driven from home and made to earn his own living, with this fine property going to pieces for want of somebody to see after it. But when you've got a half-cracked old miser to deal with, what are you to do?" "And nobody lives in the Hall?—not even a caretaker?" "No, miss, not a soul. Old Squire won't have it. He's got all the keys himself, and not a soul is allowed in. It's one of his crazes. He won't let a creature cross the threshold, and all the doors are barred or boarded up like as if it was a prison." Now, the reason why I was curious about the deserted old Hall was that my bedroom win- dow looked straight across at it. Trees shut it in to a very great extent—so much so that I had only realised quite lately that there was any house there at all; but through a small gap between two limbs of a giant oak, a shaft of light came streaming night by night straight across from that lonely house to my window—the only one it so chanced which looked out that way. I had seen it first by chance, drawing up my blind to admire the effect of the moonlight on the trees, and since then the strength and brilliance of the light had prompted me to look for it regularly. It must come from some very powerful lamp, I decided, and I was curious to know the meaning of that solitary light. I had discovered by day the neglected-looking old house with its many closed windows; but I was not prepared to hear that it was altogether shut up and deserted. That night the rain ceased, and I announced my intention of going out for a moonlight stroll. I was five and twenty, and considered that I was quite able to take care of myself. I was almost alone in the world, and had a sufficient, although not a large fortune. I lived in London for the most part, in pleasant rooms of my own; but from time to time enjoyed burying myself completely for a few weeks in some quiet country place like East- bury, and seeing nobody of my own class during the whole of that time. Some people called me eccentric, but I don't know that I was. I was like many other women, lonely rather from choice than necessity. I might have changed my lot more than once, and have either married or found congenial companion- ship with nice women of my acquaintance, but I had never made up my mind to the sacrifice of my independence. The memory of a certain brief episode in my life a few years back always deterred me. If he had asked me— perhaps I would have yielded. But our meet- ing was brief, a sudden breaking-up of plans separated us without a farewell. I believed the page closed for ever, but somehow its memory hindered me from opening any other like it. The house dog followed me; I instructed my landlady not to wait up. I had been cooped up all day, and a long moonlight walk had attractions for me. I started off at a good pace, and soon left the village far behind. As I returned some hours later my thoughts had strayed back, I know not how or why, to that little hotel on Lake Leman, and my friendship with Mr. Castleton there. I re- membered how bright everything had looked to me then, how I had pictured—but then had come his temporary departure with his friend for a few days' mountaineering, the sudden scare of smallpox in the hotel, the rapid and determined flight of my aunt, whom I could not desert; and the sudden and complete breaking-off of that friendship which had been so much more to me than any other I had ever known. My thoughts were far enough from East- bury as I turned my steps back thither at length, when suddenly from the crown of a lonely little eminence far away from the high road or any building I saw the strong gleam in that deserted house, falling in a long bright ray right across the sleeping meadows. And the house was empty—not a soul living there. Suddenly the longing after an adventure came upon me. I had no fear of ghosts before my eyes. I began to suspect that the old miser himself returned to his deserted house at night perhaps to secrete some gathered hoard, or perhaps to remove some hoard to the nearer proximity of his own home. Could it be possible to get a peep at him at his work? I was light of foot and active, and the old house was clothed in tangled ivy. Might it not be possible to climb up as far as the window from which the light streamed out, and see what it all meant? Curiosity and the desire to solve the mystery got the upper hand, and off I started in the direction of the old house as fast as my feet would carry me, and as straight as the crow flies. As I noted the extreme loneliness of the country I was not surprised that the light had apparently remained unnoticed by the villagers. They could see nothing of it from their cottages or from the high road. It was only visible here and there through a gap in the trees or from a hillock on the wild common. It might burn there a month unobserved, I thought, but all the same I would myself try and find out what it meant. With cautious steps I approached the house through a gap in the hedge made by boys desirous to obtain fruit and nuts from the neglected gardens. The whole house seemed to lie sleeping in shadow and silence, and only from that one upper window did a thin shaft of light shine out strong and clear. I looked up at it and saw that it came through a round hole in a shutter—a hole that might possibly be unknown to the inhabi- tant of the room. The room was in a sort of tower, and the tower was draped in tangled ivy. But there was a better and easier way of mounting to the window than by the ivy. A little outer spiral staircase wound up to the very top just in the angle where the tower jutted from the house itself, and to each of the upper tower rooms was a balcony, so that by standing on this balcony I felt sure that I could look straight through the hole and into the room. I think I felt a good deal more nervous now that I was really creeping up the crazy little stairway than I had done in planning my more precarious ascent by the ivy, but curiosity drew me on, step by step, and at last I reached the level of that room from which the light shone steadily out. My heart beat fast, and I stepped with extreme caution upon the little balcony, and then holding hard by the ivy I raised myself on tip-toe, and found that I could just look comfortably into the room. And what did I see? Nothing at all dread- ful. A table strewn with papers and with a number of vessels and test tubes suggestive of a laboratory, a very powerful lamp burning over- head and shedding a strong light upon every- thing, and the figure of a man—with his back towards me—mixing, with extreme care, some ingredients in a mortar, and pounding them together gently, bending from time to time over his papers as he worked, or added some fresh ingredient to the compound. Not a grizzled old miser after all. No secret hoard or mystery to excite the imagination. Just an ordinary young man—for the figure was powerful and muscular, and the hair crisp and dark and curling—working out some chemical problem, having probably hired this old laboratory from the miser for a few gold pieces. I felt rather as though I had had a slap in the face, and was preparing to turn away and creep home again when the young experi- menter suddenly walked round to the other side of the table towards a red powder, which lay there on a paper. The light fell full upon his face—and I drew in my breath with a quick gasp that was almost a cry, for the face was that of the man to whom I had so nearly lost my heart two short years back—the face of Mr. Castleton. I stood gazing at him, fascinated and unable to move. There was no mistaking the hand- some, rather haughty face, the intellectual head, the keen, quick eyes, the square chin, and resolute mouth. I should have known him anywhere, I think; but with this strong light upon his face a mistake was impossible. I stood gazing spellbound, and when a sudden loud noise smote upon my ears I almost gave a cry. It was only the church clock striking 12. I counted the strokes mechanically as they fell upon my ear, and still I stood gazing and gaz- ing at that well-known face. Then suddenly remembering that I was no better than a spy and that I had no business to be there at all, I quickly descended from my coign of vantage and slipped down the little stairway to join my faithful canine comrade who had remained patiently below. Mr. Castleton there! Mr. Castleton at Eastbury! I was so stunned by the revelation that I hardly knew whether or not I was dreaming. Instead of making straight for the gap I wandered aimlessly about the old garden, still feeling the charm of being near to him and that light, until the dog gave a low warn- ing growl, and I heard the sound of a stealthy footstep approaching. In an instant, and with a beating heart, I slipped into a little nook between two great yew trees near to the garden wall, where I was completely concealed, and the dog came with me and obeyed my whispered command to keep silence. The moon was bright enough to show me the approaching person. It was a bowed old man with a wizened face, and he was wheeling something with him in a barrow, which proved to be a very heavy case. He paused so near to me that I was in mortal terror of being seen, but he stopped short under the yew tree and began scraping about, and finally moved a great piece of board which I then saw con- cealed a deep hole, into which, with no small difficulty, he lowered the heavy iron box. Then he covered up the hole quickly, but very carefully, pushed the wheelbarrow out of sight in the bushes, and hastily hobbled away, leav- ing the place just as the chime struck the first quarter after 12. I knew the old man. He lived at the lodge, and to-night I had just heard that he was servant to the old miser who owned the Hall itself. I supposed he was hiding away some treasure-chest of his master's, and was rather surprised that the miser should entrust this task to any hired person. However, it was no business of mine, and my heart was so full of Mr. Castleton that I could think of nothing else. I went home, and as I was undressing I heard an unwonted sound of footsteps under my window tramping along the road in the direction of the lodge; but I thought little enough of it, and after lying awake thinking over my adventure till far into the night I fell asleep, and slept so soundly that it was past 9 o'clock before I opened my eyes again. When I got downstairs I found my land- lady in a state of the greatest excitement. "Oh miss!" she cried, "what do you think has happened last night? The most awful thing! Poor old squire was murdered in his bed at 12 o'clock—just when old Mills had gone out to look for the dog which was missing— and folks say there's no manner of doubt but that it was his own son as did it; for it seems that Master Geoffrey has been hiding away these two weeks past up at the old hall, and last night he murdered his father in his bed, and took the money chest off with him and hid it nobody knows where." A sudden thrill ran through me like a powerful electric shock. I sat down to the table and asked my landlady to tell me more details. She was only too happy to comply. "It's an awful thing, miss. I heard all about it from Bobbins, who got it straight from the policeman. Old Mills came running to him close on half-past 12 last night, to say he'd found the old man murdered in his bed. It seems he had been in to look to his master at a quarter before 12, because he rang his bell sharp like. The dog wasn't in the house, and he always slept in the old man's room by the box which folks suppose held his money, and the Squire wouldn't rest without him, and sent Mills out after him. He says he was hunting about, maybe the best part of half an hour, but couldn't find the creature anywhere. Then he goes back and finds the old squire lying in bed with his throat cut from ear to ear—awful to see. Off he sets for the police and when they question him he says that he knows Mr. Geoffrey is hanging about the place, because he's seen him more than once. He believed he was hiding somewhere up at the Hall; and that he'd decoyed the dog away on purpose, and watched his chance to get in and kill the old man. That's what he said, and the policeman went straight to the Hall, and there was Mr. Geoffrey, sure enough, in a queer place he used to be fond of when he lived at home— what they called a laboratory, or something of that sort—and there were queer red stains on his hands, and he seemed put about at being found, and was that upset when he heard his father was killed that all was sure he'd done it and wanted Mills to have the blame. So the crowner's to come to-day, and he'll be com- mitted for trial as sure as eggs is eggs. Oh! to think as Mr. Geoffrey we thought so much on should end his days on the gallows," and Mrs. Muffler fairly wept in her mingling of sorrow, excitement, and horror. I felt that my face was very pale. But I pretended to be busy with my breakfast as I asked— "What does Mr. Geoffrey say about him- self?" "O, miss, I don't hardly know; I'm afraid all's not well with Mr. Geoffrey. When folks get changing their names and calling them selves different like, and living in furrain parts, one never knows where you have them. He's called himself Mr. Castleton these many years, and folks do say that he's a professor or something; but it don't seem right to go on so. But I must get to the inquest and hear it all. I never thought to hear Mr. Geoffrey committed to take his trial for his life." If Mrs. Muffler felt she must go—be sure I did the same. I knew that come what might I must hear the evidence, for if the story I had heard was correctly reported, I, and I alone, might have the power of saving an innocent man from an awful charge. I feared to ask too many questions lest I should hear after all that the murder had been committed earlier in the night, and my evidence might go for nothing; but I pressed into the room by Mrs. Muffler's side, closely veiled, when it was known that proceedings were about to be com- menced; and when I saw Mr. Castleton stand - ing calm and pale very near to two sturdy representatives of local justice, I felt my heart give such a leap that I was afraid it would be heard all over the room. The coroner took his seat. The jury, who had viewed the corpse previously, were sworn, and proceedings commenced. The evidence of the doctor was taken first, who affirmed that death had been caused by the infliction of a wound in the throat, and that it was his opinion the wound could not have been self-inflicted. The policeman testified to the finding of the body in the condition described by the medical man; and then Mills was called for his state- ment. It was in substance just what Mrs. Muffier had told me, and he was perfectly clear as to the time, as was also his old wife. The master had gone to bed at half-past eleven, but had missed the dog last thing. He had rung his bell and then got into bed. Both the old servants answered the unwonted summons, and both saw him alive shortly before midnight. Then the man had gone to seek the dog, and tbe old woman had retired to bed. She knew nothing of the awful deed done till after the arrival of the policeman, as her husband had not stayed to call her up when he discovered what had happened. Then came evidence as to the proximity of Geoffrey to the lodge. Mills declared he had seen him hanging about that very evening, and that he was almost certain he saw him looking over the hedge as he went out after the dog. He would not swear it positively, because the light was fitful, and the face disappeared so quickly, but he was almost sure of it. Another terrible piece of evidence against the accused was that a bloody razor had been found in the grounds of the old Hall that very morning, thrown away behind some bushes. Little scraps of evidence given by one and another all pointed to the fact that Geoffrey knew his father's miserly habits, that there was a bitter quarrel between the two men, that he would come into a fine inheritance upon his father's death, that— But I could not listen longer. It was growing more than flesh and blood could bear. Suddenly I rose up in my seat, and said— "I have some evidence to give. May I be sworn?" There was a sudden, quick exclamation in a voice I knew to be Geoffrey's, but I dared not look at him. I took the required oath, and told my story, which the reader knows. I could see by the absorbed interest on all faces, could tell by the intense hush within the room, what an impression it was making. I was asked several searching questions, espe- cially as to the time of the occurrence— could I actually swear that I had been watch- ing the movements of Geoffrey Hardcastle for some minutes when the church clock struck 12? Was I certain of the identity of the old man I had seen with that of Mills the servant, whose evidence I had heard? In fact I was cross-questioned with some sharpness, but my story was so simple that there was no fear of my being confused or contradicting myself. At last I was told I might sit down, and an order was given to the two policemen to go and look in the place I had described for the iron-bound box, and for the wheelbarrow, or traces of it. Whilst the men were gone we all kept our seats and waited in breathless ex- pectancy. The time seemed long, but it was not really so, before the men came back wheel- ing the chest, in the very barrow in which old Mills had borne it to its hiding-place. My story was verified in one particular. The coroner was satisfied on all others. Geoffrey stood a free man, cleared from all shadow of suspicion. The old man Mills was committed to stand his trial, and flinging up his hands in an agony of remorse and terror, openly con- fessed his sin. Leaving the stifling room, and thankful to be free of the scene still going on there, I stole away into the calm summer evening—to find Mr. Castleton—Geoffrey—beside me. "Maud," he said, in a strange choked voice. "Is this how we meet again? How can I thank you for what you have done for me to- day?" "Oh, don't thank me," I cried with some- thing almost like a sob, for I was terribly un- hinged by all I had gone through. "It would have killed me if—if—Oh, how can I say it?" He suddenly gathered me into his arms and I lay still in his embrace, a great hush falling upon me. "We belonged to each other I think from the very first—I at least felt it. Now you are mine altogether, my darling. You have given me back my life—and now that life must be always yours. We will let nothing part us any- more." "Oh, Geoffrey!" I cried. "Oh Geoffrey!" It was all I could find to say, but it was enough. He held me close to his faithful heart and our lips met in the first kiss. 