THE CRITIC. By 'Si? Fretful Plagiary.' ' Wlio can uDdauntai brave tin? Critic's ? Or ud to unmoral lilc meutlou ]□ tbe Chtic'e page ? ramie lil£ errore to the public eye, i And Mother Gnunly'e rage dofr (' ] Twelve months hard labor for lashing in the ekull 'of a felloir-convict ! Twelve months hard labor for stealiug a lamb for food for a starving family 1 Which is the juster sentence ? Hooray for Gtden! of Wellington, N.S.W., one of the delegates to the Sydney Agricultural Conference, for he hath made a sarcastic epigram : ' Our people are taught to milk only one cot c — the State Cow !' ?My wife and children were starving, and , I stole the lamb for food ' — was the burden ' of defence of a Dowenfels eheep-stealer, brought up last week at the Bathurst (N.S.W.) Quarter Sessions. A wonderful free country this ! At the Bathurst Quarter Sessions a man received a sentence of twelve months' im prisonment for stealing a lamb valued at i eighteenpenoe to provida food for his ' famishing family. The same old practice — the Prison as a cure for Poverty ! One Inch got an 'Ell of a licking for traducing the character of another fellow's sister. A Oourt case arose over the thrash ing. Acting-Judge Rogers, in fining the defendant a nominal amount, said the case should never have been brought into Court The ' Daily Telegraph ' is taking np the Adulterated Liquor Qestion, and DDK quotes recipes for making imitation spirit as given in articles published in Truth under the heading of 'The Art of Mixology1 in September last; Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Hon. William McCulloch, M.L.G., has accepted the portfolio of Minister of De fence in tbe Turner Government, Vic toria, As McCnlloch has been a big-man carrier and afterwards a squatter, he is more fitted to be a Minister of Offe nee than one of defence. , Chief Justice Griffith, of Queensland, has announced that the Supreme Court Judges of that province, and those of New South Wales, have agreed to recognise each other's solicitors without any further trouble. Australia can easily, it appear;, federate its curses; why not its benefits ? A cablegram tells that there are 10,000 people starving in Birmingham. Wjhat ? In Birmingham, that sends its gooas to every out-of-the-way oorner of the globe ? Verily so I 'What else oonld you expect in 1 a manufacturing boBB- centre in a Free trade country ? Seaweed won't grow inland. The public is informed that Jack Want was doubtful in his mind as to whether he should take a round turn and two half hitches at tlonolulu with his holiday, or ' go on to 'Rieoo. . Eventually, he decided in favor of 'Frisco. This bleeding country ? would have' forgiven him if he'd gone to Jorioho. . The formation of that portion of George street, between Hun tor-street and Brickfield HiUf cost 400 gallons of rum and the right of poking three bollocks from the Govern ment herd, with a credit of eighteen months in which, to pay for the said oxen. Bum and Beef ! Snoh was the primitive currency of those days, and out of such' unpromising materia!^ — .Convict Lubsr, ^ Bum and Beef— grew the present metro polis of the Australias. ? ? ? The youth, Normau Cameron, who, after being in gaol almOBt since he Arae twelve years of age, was charged with assaulting another prisoner at the Bathurst ' Quarter Sessions, is a State-made criminal. The Linotype even admits this by arraign ing the system before the bar of public opinion. The Federal Convention Bill having been framed by Premiers outside of and indejiendent of Parliamentary control, the electors could not do better than adopt the sell-samo piinciple and line of action, 1 and elect as Delegates to the Convention meo who are outside, tnd independent of Parliament. Sir Henry Paikcs lectured at Ki»ma oil * The Next Decade of Australian Politics.' The 'decadence of Australian politics' would have been more appropriate. Tbe chances are, however, that the subject of tbe lecture didn't concern Sir Henry, who only visited Kjama to see if the Ghost was ready for trotting out next Election. The news tbat the German Bc-ichetsg has adopted a Socialist resolution that tbe dictatorial powers vested in the Governor of Alsace-Lorraine be withdrawn, means — - well, what does it mean ? If the semi cranky Kaiccr puts his personal on to it, it will mean a whole cauldron of boiling trouble. Better wait before you prophesy. The jar among the South Australian agriculturists, already caused by tbe mere mention of a reciprocal treaty between South Australia and New Zealand, is one sign, if sign were wanting, that New Zealand, by circumstance of latitude and longitude, is geographically outeide ot any natural Aus tralian Federation. Twelve hundred miles is a long sea-leap, 'Joey 1 Carrathers has already found himself between two stools with regard to his proposed fishing settlements on the South Ccast There is a rumor going round to the effect that the past few weeks he has had five-and-twenty families in training, living on tinned fish, for one of his piojected village settlements. Bat Dame Humor i« oft-times a lying jade! ? + ? Wednesday, 13tb February, 1895, should have a white mark set against it in the Criminal Calendar of the Colony. On that day, a convict tried for the murder of another convict i, and found guilty of manslaughter , was sentenced to twelve months' hard labor, and by Judge Windeyer, too. A humane sentence ,its in frequency causes The Critic's oomment. Tiie Churchman's Alliance bewailed the fact tbat the majority of the children in onr midst are being brought up with prac tically no religious instruction at all, and immediately after agreed on the necessity of collecting more money to send mission aries to China or Japan, or Persia, or somewhere else. The foreign heathen must be saved, while the local variety finds the cash. It is hard to define Premier Beid's policy. An snti- Federationist one yeBr, he iB^ a'pro-Federatianist the next. At the Protestant Hall he was one man, in the Eiverina he was another, at Melbourne he was a third, at Hobart he was all three, with an evident leaning to become a fourth. He is not an entity at all, but a Political Joint Stock Company, Limited. Very much limited. ' Stipendiary Magistrates hare brains, then, after all. A woman was reoently brought up before Mr. Giles, S.M., charged with refusing to pay for a glass of brandy she had ordered (and received) at a certain bar. 'Was sho drunk or sober?' queried the Bench, 'Well, she was not exactly sober,' replied the bar-man. 'Then you should not have served her,' rejoined the magistrate; 'case dismissed. Next!' Edward William O'Sullivan, alleged Protectionist M.P. (on Sydney Smith, alleged Freetrade Minister) : i' Fortunately, Mr Sydney Smith, the Minister for Mines and Agriculture, is a progressive Minister, and is inclined to assist industry.' Oh ! oh ! O'Sullivan, Oh I oh ! E.W., Why let the gully van Of soft blarney trouble you ? Lord Brassey is to resign next month his [ wonderful billet as Flunkey-in- Waiting to the Queen. They say that Lord Brassey was wonderfully expert at holding Her Gracious's train whenever She curtseyed to a visiting Shah, or- an Ethiopian ambas sador, whose white teeth took Her Graoioas's Fanoy, And now BrasBey is goirg to introduce British Court manners to the ill oonditioned savages of the Cabbage Garden. ? + ? ? — Up at Parkes an elderly Chinaman, on being evicted by the Sheriff's Officers from hiB Utile irrigation farm at the pnmping station, attempted to hapg himself; being foiled in tbie, he next tried to smash his skull in by using it as a battering ram against a stone wall. If that elderly party's name had been but O'Grady, what an opportunity there would have been for . writing about Tbe Oroel Sassenach Evictor and the Wrongs of Ireland. : To be a member of the faorod Stephen family constitutes, in the reverent eyos of the staff of the' 'Daily Tele.', a right to precedence over tbe ordinary non-Stephen section of humanity. In .noting the departure of Mr. Justice Stephen and family to Ynrrup per S.M.S. Oruba last Monday, the chronioler of smtll-beer puts it that Hi8.Bwior.waB by Mis, i ' [ and Mr. Villeneuve-Smith, Mrs. and Mr. in this connection, is good, most excellent good, At the Agricultural Conference, con vened by Mr. Sydney Smith, and presided over by Mr. Sydney Smith, a motion pro posed by Mr. J- W. O'Sullivan, to the o fleet that more State aid should be afforded to farmers, was ruled out of order by Mr. Sydney Smith. Freetraders have always regarded the proposals of Protectionists is . provocative of disorder, and such a pro nounced Oobdenite as the Hon. Smith could hardly bo expected to be more intelligent on his own roost. Mrs. Lynn Linton, the well-known a:'. '.harass, although a lady of original ic ^ o New Woman, as the cult of tbr. n-.,v if. jroea.' She recognises tie .'.let iDo' to he done in tie :f.,;.';r::g ?-?-r.': and sinews, i.v s sc js; a commonsense nf.SL.r. ':t or v- . . i tion. To abolish drunken^- , -- r.. not the same thing as to forbid mi :n ? -.r * \ to make sure of wholesome liuuor .. ? enforcing the la'c against adulteration is more to the purpose than the shutting up of public-houses. A yarn is told about a Chinese diplo matist, who, in spite of his entreaties and his asservations that he knew nothing of war, was appointed to an anti-Japanese command, and who got over the difficulty by at once accepting tbe same and giving himself leave of absence, Just what Jock Want did, by the hokoy ! The Chinese General must have copied it from Jack. For, so soon as Beid appointed 'Want Attorney-General, Want gave himself two months' leave of absence on full pay, Tho rascally Chinaman ! The N.S, Wales Government should call for volunteers willing to earn their living for a specified period_in the fisheries of the provii.ee, on the oifchance of being well paid for a future report, which might offer some reasonable hope of being valuable. All that the Faxnell Commission be expected to cducataihe Government about ' is the relative merits of various brands of whisky and other liquor^ the varying samples of Australian and Tasmanian girls, and the respective toughness of poultry in the luncheon localities. Great Britain and the United States con tinue to give the world object lessons as to the beneficial effects of Arbitration as against Gunpowder, Tbe first of the series was the celebrated ' Alabama ' case, settled at Geneva. That case went dead against Great Britain, who paid and tried to look pleasant This time Uncle Sam has agreed to pay Great Britain 425,000dol. in full satisfaction of the claims . arisinc out of tbe Behring Strai s fisheries claims. The world does move after all. Slowly — very slowly, but nose the less surely. A Sydney man, who went insolvent 40 years ago, turned np last week, and asked for a certificate of discharge. After con sulting the bookB — 'Application refused,' said tbe Registrar. The old man gasped, 'As a matter of fact your certificate of discharge was granted on your own appli cation, some SB years ago. You are not a bankrupt at all. Get out of this' The man 'got.' Now, did he obtain that certi ficate while in a trance, or somnambulistic ally ? A man would nsually as soon forget that ho was afive ns forget a big circum stance like that The New South Wales Commission on Fisheries, comprising Frank Farnell, presi dent, Hoddle Doddle [White (mita yot), Lindsay G. Thompson, and Sccretarr White, arrived in Sydney on Thursday from Victoria and Tasmania, where they have been collecting the latest obtainable infor mation regarding — girls in the season, a I fresco foods and drinks, whisky blends, fizz and seltzer pick-me-ups, sucking pigs, poultry, tongue-snd-ham sandwiches, bouquets, complexion jewellery, earring wrinkles, the new waltzes, etc., all at the expense of this bleeding country ! Captain Dreyfus, who was drammed out of the French Army, charged with selling plans to a foreign Government, belongs to an enormously wealthy Jewish family in Alsace. The story goes now that he 'was the victim of his own wealth. He refused (it is stated) to submit to an organised system of chantage. Then the charges were brought against him, and as he is a Jew lath a German name, be received the benefit of the doubt (in an adveree sense) on a point on which the French are at present absolutely insane. On the face of it why should a millionaire's son take tip? The last general election brought about a very peouliar libel action up Cobar way. One Neil Morrison stood among other candidates, and the local paper (the Cobar ' Herald ') having a pet member of its very own, said that the gentle Neil 'had two chances of being returned to Parliament — his own and Buckley's , and the latter had. the better .' In reply, Merrlson stated at a publio meeting that the srtiole in question was a * lie, and the writer a liar and a ooward to get behind a sheet of paper to injure a man.1 Plaintiff was awarded one shilling damages, each, side to pay its own costs. At the Quarter Sessions the other day, a typical State^iDrtured prisoner was presented for sentence. He had a torriblo record. In gaol since he was fifteen years of age, he had only just benn released after serving a sentence of sever, vof.rr for robbery with rioleose, He : ei received two t floggings. A few-days after his release he ; committed another robbery — thin time a a garotting case. The prisoner urged ^ in \ extenuation, that he had never hnoum any friends, he had never been educated, did not hiow what kindness vxu,,, had never %} been taught a. trad& -xnd had ntvcV done /£' an honest, day's tttrk in his life* What chance had he ? What, indeed? ^ jjjj In South America the wind is cccasio2-9 ally tempered to the poor pressmas, ' Thalfl editor of the ' liiver Plate Sport and® Pastime ' (published at Buenos Ayres)S . writes as follows: — ' ? 1 have to thank Messrs Biecl-ert and Co. ior a most welcome present of Pilsen. beer,- *3 in bolties with patent stoppers which are specially suitable for this weather, aft. 'they : 04D Le replaced in a moment without trouble should ihe whole contents not be nqnired.' is \- L* Commercial, too, verv kindly jBent to this office a month's supply of Beduino cigarettes, so what with samples of whiskv, ail sorts of . V J publications aad tbe other odds and ends . constamh IHnesent us, we shall «oon have : i. iQiiti''' ? {nejjd the 'Standard,' and tlarte r;'.. arc i. -T ? ... ? When 'Eoberi lias V: t,'. - . , if he le a senier-consi&L;:c \ - to much side, and jam, he is an ;.^r- sonage, and not to be rashly addressed Iv stranger?. T'other day a little girl was nearly ran over by a 'bus JlLiing sharp frpm George-street into Ba*t-street A respectable man, who helpSthe child out i of danger, turned to a veR fierce-looking . policeman, who was standing likc a monu ment at the street corner, and remarked, -- 'Those 'busses should not be allowed to i gallop round tbe corner like. that' To * which inoffensive remark lloberto replied, i ' Ye.* jiet moind your own bizniz, else Oil it. pit ycz where the crows won't tick vez-evat out for a bit ! ' Fact ! ?* ~ Every now and again the police start tint on a reforming crusade with a zeal that would be highly commendable were it not for the fact that tbe examples they fetch before the ' beak ' are always of the lower orders. They never prosecute the mistresses of rich men for having no lawful means of support At the Central the other dsv the police charged a young woman 'named Kitchen wiih the usual oBence of ?vagrancy.' For the defence it was shown that accused' was living in Devonshire-street and. that . the house and furniture were in her own v name. Tbe Stipendiary even animad- - verted upon the action of the police in ' entering a house and arresting a woman without a warrant. Accused was promptly discharged. In connection with the pnblicsn'a . ' license at Kensington, Mr. Gould says that the interests of the local' residents should be paramount, but when the leasing of tbe Manly Wharf is conoerned, another mem ber of the same Government (Mt Carrathers) will not be guided solely by the light of the interests of the local resi dents. In tbe former case, the Kensing ton people can be pampered because so ^representatives of tbe -Fat Man are in terested, but in the latter, the 0f a big shipping company dispute Minis terial well-wishes with tbe public of Manly. And it is picking np money to bet that the company, backed np by the , '' 'Telegraph,' will receive more departs mental favors than the 'vulgar herd,* wli& are trying to overthrow vested interests. ?In my mind's eye, Horatio,' I can see The Critic of Anno Domino, 2997, answer ing a newspaper correspondent somewhat to the following effect Several versions of the origin of the ' Matins of Australian History' are extent One is that the work ' in question represented the life-long labors of one Harry Borkes, in collaboration with Sir George Ilejd, each essayist tnakin' game of the other— hence the title. Another is that the Makins (Professor aud Madame) preached and practised a Mai thusiao section of Social Economic Scienoe, giving illustrations of their method at a College somewhere in Marrickville. While - the Professor taught in the University, j; Madame lectured on the subject to 'ladies v only.' One or both were ultimately sa;:i. ficed by the mob in manner simib' tie legendary fate of Hypatia at the C'.Utjrj e: Alexandria.' * - Baron Brassey is to rule VictonY lit is one of ' Britain's proud nobility.' Im descendant of a long line of i-.iv ?nevviBS.' Britain's proud nobi1':, : When the Briton, the Goul, and tho S. were steeped in barbarism, painted blue, or arrayed in the skins of wild beasts, the Kings of Delhi were at the acme ot Oriental luxury and magnificence. The proud desoendants of the Eohans, Bourbons, Montmorencis, Hapsburge, Furstenburgs, Hohenzollerns. Cslonnss. Orsiwc, Ro manoffs, Nevilles, and Howards are but parvenus by the side of the great Bajpoot ' families with their hundred generations of noble ancestry. When medieval monks and friars limited their learning to chan ting bog Latinand inditing treatises on the exorcism of evil spirits, the Brahmin scholars had mastered the principles of astronomy. 