OUR COSSACK NEIGH- BOURS. Cossack, August JJO. (FUOM Ol'K OWN cobbespondent.) The Cloneurry came in on Saturday with her original cargo of 120 tons, and then proceeded direct to Derby forirtack for the •Houtb^m market. TbeSaladin followed ou Mopdyy with another I to tons from -Singnpott, bud on Tuesday IbeTagliaferro showed up at the anchorage with 20 or 30 tons cargo, and, to the disappointment of all, no mails. These latter were carric 1 by tho Australind, which completed her nine days' voyaging from Fremantie on Thursday night, and the doings of the great Australian world were once more disseminated amongst the neglected exiles of tbe Nor'- West. The Customs officials ore etill flying the revised edition of the immortal Nelson's signal, and "expect that every man this day will pay his duty." As a new demonstration, they formed a detachment of two deep, and, armed with a blue bag, attacked a Chinese lugger lying in the creek for that «be -did fe- pe&rling; go without a licence, and seised her in tbe name of the broad arrow—done tastefully in blue on various parts of her anatomy. ,As a aort of educational! course for. tjhoBe pbor mortals who dread the summer, I submit a few facta,obtained from one year's reading of the thermometer at euriobservatory, before this insti-uiucnt was kuockod out by the S»illj will). During theyo»r we find tluil the mew iiry lias pleasantly recorded all the degrees ranging from lis to 113 (in tbe shade). What this means in the sun was never noted, but it mnst be appalling. This represents a variation of 45 degree*. In four consecutive months for 48 days it fluctuated between 190 and 118, and for 14 day* in December, including Christmas week, it remained in the hundred*—as high M 108, tbe last nine day* finishing off witb these interesting figures i 107,105,10G, 108, 105, 100, 103. 102, and 100\. January, with 14 days 100 degrees and over, heads the record, with u daily avertufe heat of 66'15, tuid tho coolest months were June and July, with an average of 7(t'35 and 7440, the average heat for the 305 days being W8 457. Who can wonder at our oily, limp, and up-allnight appearance through the glorious (P) summer, when life has to be lived under these enervating conditions. September (1, On Wednesday afternoon the funeral of Mr. W. Martin took ploco, and was uttended by a largo concouiie of citieeni, whose respect for " Willie" Martin and sympathy tor the boreaved relatives was sincerely shown. The Albany did one of her fast trips this week, and on Monday landed the Southern niai'ji in four days. Those from the eastern colonies were landed here in fourteen days. Your correspondent celebrate! the inauguration of cheap wires on tbe 1st inst. by forwarding one to your paper, just to fe«l the sensation as it were, and I have since dii»rered that it wm No. I of the long line of menage* that will (stretch out like Boflqub'fl ghost to the crock of doom— or something elia, After all, tfaoy are to continuo the erection qt,tilffljiBW on?the site first appomwH,tflid Ittm^ht'iiow t<Hie a guinea u>.a gooseberry that the old police station WuMGdwn, for n'd 'Afe&bnlty; will permit our augiut haUs to be overshadowed by such shambles. Talking of Government buildings, would it not bo as before the wjgdy weather sets in, to' plqco a few more*ticks ttroupd tfte wall* of our lock-up, or *ome morning it will be poited milling at Lloyd'*, Tho new roadway formation on the Strand i* along-felt wuut, and after a few copious sjirinklings from tbo mammoth watering-can recently aoquired by the council, -a 4tack will bf uvai'uble that Mucadum liitnuolf would euvy. The Meteor, Harriett, and Diamond have gone'to Condon i the Maggie Gollun is still there. Tbe Kate bus left for Depuch in the coal-carrying trade, and the OoMa:k; leaveB for tbo Forteioue. ' ' The *urvoy party, numbering nine, under Mr. E. H. B. Downes, left for Port Hedland per Harriett. Messrs, Barrett and Chnpe prpcouded in the game boat. Tlie Boagb is Halting here to lighter the Sultan, which should come in lato to-night'. 