THE LATE REV. 0. STEPHENSON. IN MEMORIAM SERVICE AT WESLEY CHURCH. On Sunday evening, as reported in out Monday's issue, an In Memoriam Service for the late Rev. Osborne Stephenson was held in Wesley Church. The Rev. G. E. Rowe, Chairman of the Distriot, delivered an address, in which he said that when leaving Pertb, to attend the annual oonferenoe in Adelaida he did not anticipate that his first servioe on his return to Wesley Churoh would be an In Memoriam servioe. How quickly changes tiok place, and how trne were the wards " In the midst of life we are in death." Ou that occasion he could not help referring to the ead boating fatality which occurred on the Swan, the news of which reaohed him in Adelaide. He sorrowed with them in the loss sustained by tbe deaths of such di^tinguahed oitizens. Death had also made inroads in the congregation assembling in that churoh. About Christmas time a young man fresh from the old oonntry called at the Manse and presented bis churoh credentials. He had come, like many others, to find remunerative employment ia tbe Golden West. In the execution of his duty when attending to those siok with typhoid fever he contracted tbe diseise, which resul- ted in his death. He was not known to many, yet there were thoso who loved him. At home in dear old Cornwall the old folks would weep, as only old folks can, when they re- ceive the news that their boy waa dead. Martin, for that was his name, was a good fellow. When prostrate in the Victoria Hos- pital his testimony was olear and his hops in Christ was strong. To his friend who visited him he said-" I shall not meet Mr. Rowe again on earth, bat tell him I will meet him in Heaven." And be was not, for God took him. But nearer still daath hid come ia tbe decease of Cleopatra Palmer, a maiden of 21 years, whose meek spirit and gentle manner won for her much renpeot and affection. She had joined the Church with eighteen other yoong women about eighteen months 8go, and became an active member of the Christian Endeavour Soc;ety. The meeting for ChrUtiro fellowship was appreciated by h<r, and then her last fcstim ny wos that she bad found great comforts from the wor.is " All things work together for good to them that love God." After eleven days illness she passed into the unseen. He should mies 1 her presence and kindly greeting, and in affection for her memory offered that tribute of respeot. Bat nearer still death hid come. How muob nearer before the year wes ont God only knew. The ranks of the ministry of the Cburoh had Bufferecl loss by the death of Osborne Stephenson, to whose memory that servioe was being held. Some present that night knew him ; all had heard of him and his work ; those who knew him reepeoted him, loved bim. and he was worthy. There was no youth to whom he bad been so affectionately attaohed as he had been to his dear and departed friend. As a boy of seven years of age he knew bim in hiB father's bouse, during bis first appointment in Australia, in the Pirie-street Cirouit, Adelaide. At that early age he had learned to show piety at home, and aa far as a boy could, he interested himself in the work of Gol. Often] times when in the vestry prior to the Bervioa Osborne would come in and prefer hia oft re peated request that tbe psalmody should in- clude bis favourite bymn " Rook of ages eli ft for me." It was a real pleasure to him to receive a colieoting card for tbe missions, and no journey or interview was too long if. be could only snooeed in helping forward th» missionary work, and again and again his cai d j topped the list. He was a son of tho Manse, and worthily had he preserved the traditions. Blessed by the counsel and example of hts father, the Rev. J. Banting Stephenson, one of the most eminently gifted ministers of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Cburoh, he was doubly blessed by the companionship of his mptbor, whese praise was in oil tbe churches where her husband ministered. From her he inherited a sweet disposition and unfeigned faith which characterised bia life and work. Tb.9 deooaee of his brother in the fifteenth year of his age. which took place at sea, when with his father and sisters hs was returning from a visit to England, he felt mot acutely. Immediately on bis arrival to savo his life he had to lose his right band. Cheerfully be submitted to the operation, and by an indomitable will be had made his one hand equal to many persons' two banda. At nineteen he began to preach ia the j Kadina Cirouit, the officers of wbioh, on the occasion pf his departure, unani- mously passed tbe resolution " That in consideration of Brother O. Stephenson'* early departure for West Australia to .eater into Home Mission work, we placa on record oar high appreciation of the services be has rendered in this cirouit a9 a loo il preacher. We aro impressed more and more with tbe growing usefulness of onr brother and the manly and exemplary life that ho live?, We are assured fiat undar Divine Graoe ho will become an ornament to tbe Christian Church." Twelve month? ego be entered upon the full work of preaohingtheGospclatSouthern Cross. The glad evangel, with i\x ethical principles and sooial du'iea, he proclaimei to all sorts and conditions of mea, and not without, evident tokens of sucoess. Under the faith ful preaching of the word of Gud men resolved to ohange the purpose of thar livea, and by the grace of GfOd entering their hearts the change was accomplished. His ministry was not in ward only but in deed, and in the power of the Holy Ghost. The Blok and the poor olaimed and received the full sympathy of his ardent, loving naturo. ministering to their! neoea-i les he,of ton do I privad himself, and again and again he gave np his own bed to the sick and friendless, while he lay on the bard floor. To him no needy one ever applied in vain. Like bis Master, he went about doing good. That the sick poor might have the benefits of skilled and trained nursing, of wbioh there was none at that time at Sontheim Cross, he organised a bransh of the Mission of the Sisters of tbe People at that place. Had he done nothing else for Southern Cross his work in this movement would be sufficient to perpetuate his m mory in the loving affec- tion of tho citizens of that place. " He was beloved by all," was tho testimony of the official representatives of the chorch there. In their lotter of condolence they said-" He was ever to the front to do what lay in his power for suffering humanity. As a minister of the gospel he bas left a vaoanoy that will be difficult to fill." When the typhoid epi- demic made its terrible attaok he was inces- sant in his labours and unremitting in his attentions to those who were smitten down. His days were spent in visiting the sick in tbeir homes, and frequently his nights were spent in th9 mission tents relieving the nursing Sisters, and by the bedside of the patients, as be bad opportunity, be would write out the sermons for the approaching Sabbath. It was no wonder his strength gave out under euch pressure. He knew the cost and be willingly paid it. He gave himself for them. It was then and there be contracted the fever. Im- mediate change, it was thought, would restore bis strength and health. To Perth he came, and if, said the medioal adviser, nursing could have saved him he would not have died ; and if the devoted attention of his excellent oolleague (Rev. A. J. Barolay) could have restored him be would still be with us. But it was not so. He had done his work, and his rest remained. He had delivered his message, and the am» bassador was reoalled. He had fonght his fight, and the crown of life was bia for ever. When asked, as he lay on his dying bed, " How are you now P" his reply was, " The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want," and he quoted the whole of the 23rd Psalm. At one time daring his brief illness, he thought that the preacher was with him, and looking at the one whom he hal mistaken for the chairman of tbe distriot, be suid, " I'll do my best, Mr. Chairman," That was the epirit which con- trolled bis life^" I'll do my best." The ruling passion was strong in death. On the morning of the day whioh for him has no ending, he was engaged in communion with one unseen to any present but himself, wno that one was, a word indicated. That word was " Mother." It was his last word OH earth. Mother ! and was she net near bim ? He ever held com- munion with her sainted spirit. Twelve mouths ago when he stood in yonder ohanoel and as one of seven Home Missionarise being dedicated, what said he to the congregation then present. He would read to them what tbe departed one had said on that occasion as be had found the written statement amongst hie papers. Said be then : " In a retroapeot of one's life there are passages illuminated by the light of gladness, and there are also passages canopied by a cloud of sadness and regret. - There are pensive memories as we journey on, Longing for vanished smiles and voices gone. And to-n:ght as I think of the solemnity of thia meeting and the work we are about to undertake, I have pensive memories of one whose Bad loving smile I oan see, whose voice I oan hear singing the sweet old memories so dear to Methodism. I refer to my sainted mother, who has gono to be for ever with the Lord. It was the who first told me the story of Jeius and His leve, who taught me to say my first prayer, and who herself wept and prayed for me. It was through the influence of the Holy Spirit working in her that a desire was engendered within me to be a Christian. Conversion to me was not a ease of right-about turn, for I had always 1 been taught that the service of God waB the highest duty of life, hut it meant a new life, a vigorous nativity and cheerful service where before there waa latent energy and in- difference to the claims of God and to the sacrifice of His Sou Jesus Christ. It waa on a Sunday afternoon after I had been te Sun- day school that I told my mother that JeSRS had oome into my heart and given me peace and joy and a desire to follow Him. When she was taken from me I felt that the best friend I ever had had been taken away, but although she has gone she still speaks to me, and to- night I hear her singing, ' Come, brethren, don*t grow weary, but let ns journey ca/ If I were to tell you of my call to Christian work I should have to take yo,u back to tho fireside ia England on cold winter nights, when my mother would read about and explain lVe ¡n. spired writings af the sainted po*t Herbert. I little thought that those, winter evenings would go so far as they have in bringing me to a deoision to engage in this work. I feel it i« my duty to do this work, and God bas made my way so plain that I dare not shrink. I go to my work strong in tho strength wbioh God supplies, and pray that through His graoe I miy praaoh ChriBt and Him ornoified, and that I may give a helping band to those who need it. In the groat hand of God I staud, and I know that if I trust in Him and not ia myself, whether the way be rough or smooth, it will be Bis way, and therefore the right way." That testimony which he had then road was given but twelve monthB ago in that cburoh. In gave promise of a useful lifo, and t o' promise had boon fulfilled Th« process bud been quicker that they bal c-xpeale.l, but God waa Hi own interpretor,, and He would make it plain Tbe end <>f «ll Hat was* mortal- cam shortly after noon on Wednesday, Maroh 27th. Now from the other side he thought he oould hear the voice of their brother saying as he said on the platform of Perth Railway station when the tedious night journey from South- ern Cross was finished, " Thank God, th« journey's over." Yes the journey's over. Sleep on beloved, and take thy rest, Lay down thy head npon the Saviour's breast, We love thee well, bnt Jesus loves thee best, Good-Night. The address, which was received with deep attention, concluded with a fervent appeal to the young people present to yield themselves up to Christ and live a Christian life. 