MELBOUR:NE Goi (FROM OUR owS CORRESPONDSrT.) The proceedings if thle JI o 1. mission appointed in Sydney for t re-trial of George Dean, coict e having administered poso,, to his'd of call to mind the half-lburied t the Mount Rennie trial, in which- te was no after inquiry. In Dean's ?a great public pressure was brougho bear, and ote of the stronvet a meats used in favor of a re--rial g" that the trial before Judge Windee was a parody on the forms of J eyee Many persons held the sone ee nie respecting the Mount le'00 00 tia which was rushed throuh Iefore tr same Judge, who summed up strto,11 against the prisoners -just as he did against Dean, and who took a harried verdict from a jury exhausted to stupidity by day and night sittings But the Mount Rennie prisoners wr without infuential friends, and foorof them went straight to the gsllow; while the others were sent to gaol for life. At that time the face of the la was set against any serious inquiry into the character of the witnesses, and in much the same way the irreproachable. neas of the characters of the witneises against Dean was taken for granted at his trial; but he is in tile fortunate position of lsving th I,.ut history of those who tried to put a rope rom,d his neck - thoroughly inquired into. Two of the witnesses against the I Mount Rennie prisoners--Staley and Smith, got into trouble shortly after the trial, Smith being sentenced to a long term of.imprisonment for arson, and Stanley only escaped gaol through " a little matter connected with a Scheque" being put right by hisfriendt. I Viewing the Mount Rennie trial inthe present light, it is almost certain that had there been a re-trial, as is Dean's case, full light would have been tbrown on the histories of some of the wit nesses, greatly to their disadvantsage; and probably, the feet of the hoar youths who were executed would not a have stood on the callows in Darling \- hurst gaol. To find a parallel to the e Mount Rennie trial, said the late e Right Hon. W. B. Dilley, Q.C, we e have to -search the darkest str d bloodiest days of Irish history, The manner in which the case was hurrird through by the Croin was simply infamous. The counsel for the prose e cution got their statements in at the e early part of the week, when the jry I" men were all awake, and able to nder. ie stand what was said to them. When e the defence came on the court sat for . forty hours, with only five and a hall s hours intermission. The prisoners, y tired out slumbered fitfully in thedock, of some of the lawyers dozed, and even ,t the jurymen found it difficult to kiep a their eyes open continuously. When if an adjournment was applied for at midnight by one of the counsel for tihe a defence, he was told that unless the ao trial proceeded, the jury would hs a kept over Sunday, and so the trial went s. on until the nine prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to death. The a judge who presided at the trial and sent s the lads to the gallows quite recently a lent the light of his countenance to a Ie certain inquiry as to the authesticity r of Mrs Mellon's ghosts, and wa c- laughed at. The same judge sent If George Dean to the gallows, but hu ts has escaped that ignooinious termning _- lion to his existence, and is in gaol for .- life, unless the present proceedings end in his remittal of the crime he has been r, convicted of. So far ,s the investiga te tion before the Royal Coummission has s, proceeded, the moral characters of M.n se Dean and her mother have not came ll out spotless, but as the c?s? is ru? ,i julice, I will not make any further comment at this stage beytnd remark d ing that Judge Windeyer must feel a little uneomfurtable in the light of recent disclosures. d A good deal of publicity hat d been given recently to the pro ceedings . of certain individuals in Melbourne, who have been cto vassing for advertisements for country newspapers, with which they have not the remotest connection. As th' Imodus operandi has been pretty fully exposed, it is unnecessary to go into details in this letter, but I will relets one instance in which the chiefofa " bogus newspaper agency figured a day or two since. He had obtained sa order for a one inch advertisement in Sfifty country newspapers for twelve umonths for a sum of £3, (£50 woold be about a fair price for saane), rt Sthe advertiser under pressure paid thi first quarter in advance, but as hle Osi Snot one of those confiding businos dupes who are satisfied withll the assur Sance that "your advertisement is beinJ Sinserted regularly in all thle p pers," I. took the trouble, sometime after ha a liad given the order, to examine ths ejournals in whlich his advertisement 5a to hIave appeared. Needless to 5tts lie examined in vain, anrd in a vry Sangry mood proceeded to the ot:e.0 tlhe so-called associatton. Althftouhre lad been drawn into the spider's R51 She discovered on this occasion that Mr. SSpider's parlor was not easily aces sible. There were minor spiders aeboa Sready with all manner of txcuses for d their chief (who possibly was sbsot weaving hias web for other flies), bo Sthis advertiser was determined not 0 be baulked, and stamping tie floor io a manner which made the meinoo spiders tremble, he declared that if satisfactery explanation was not forlb Scoming in an hour, there would 0 Strouble. In less than half that tit st the chief.was in the advertiser's Othe urging for non-appearancd of toe ' advertisement that there hd L . unavoidable delay. But when hest as confronted with evidence that l5anyf the newspapers in his list would Lro nothling to do with bis, he pieadsd I : clemencoy, and offered to pay bhck tt money that afternoon. Tho,,ee cert?ainly a case of copte .. n- versal of the usual order a oito \- -the spider trembled, nou t" .o However, the proffernd money rSed it" accepted. Thi gentleman rareB,.o an has placed himself in communiR"O o ne with other etalbonr.e ad.vertiser ly have been drawn into the web, p'; ;s m is probable, if not tolerably c'Orei on that the days of the ring are drooi id to a close. * 3~ynnot, was rem rkal bls rote photl tlsat a number of ppl P e .SynOo0t, tively that the responsearn p r' ? O whose moral character 1. r be stainless, resdnd witl hi.r (ailoI Sin a house of illTf.neo ,? U'rIO during the year 1884- TrlVa - Si lclading four powicemen, swore : ?€ to this. Originally twenty. r ., trses, who had identified a r:r'e ?ra Synnot taken 23 years pt"' oof1 as being identical with the " ,net in the divorce proceedings, "p cf-nased by the petitioner, but C, ?jrit. y of them, on being con t ' Jwith Mrs Synnot in person, of?, .at identify her. Another f?a^ fepture was that the twelve strarfe who swore so positively to \- ithrla d and also to the photo tbhr ldto abo ve, could not identify a rl:o ken in the latter part of 1893, Ph':" ore Mrs Synnot's departure Et land. The evidence against irs , Vnot at the first blush appeared 9re r strong, but her solicitors, t,1i0r that it could not possibly be k° i?"tracted Mr P. J. Sheehan, the Te' oi LIoAd's Detective Agency, to ? . inPstigtons, with the object of -tain i, whether the whole case .te petitioner was a huge con or. or a remarkable case of mis Y.,idntitv. These investigations tdii p a fresh aspect on the case. It certained that a Mrs Synnot ,d1 live in the house in Carl itr d". 1Su]S4: that a well-known mrmber of the demi monde, named jiice pnOt, ot in any way connected :bh the respondent or petitioner's fwhilr who bore a certain resemblance l the respondent's photo taken in o3. 'resided in the neighbourhood in 1ý 