SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BR ADDON. •A-Bjtoor t)J_ " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come." The Doctor's Wife,' "Thou art the Man," &o.; 1 SYNOPSIS OF PBEVIOUS CHAPTERS. . CHAPTBBS I. A>D It — Allan Carew, a wealthy young man, who has ju»t inherited another little lorttme, is riding to the meet of the South surum bounds. H e jB mistaken for another young man, Geoffrey Woraoct, whom he much resembles. He bears froln a waiter that his "double" i» in the army in India, and Mr«. Wornock. his mother, was supposed to he not quite rij;ht in ber mind. Allan's luolher dotes on her son, and Is anxious that he shall make a good match. CHAPTER III. A HOME OF ANCIEKT TEACS. The hanking was nearly over by the time Alloa Carew had established himself at Beechburst and completed his stud. The seleotion of half a dozen hanters had given him an excuse for running np to London once or twice a week; and he had found the convenience of express trains between Salisbury and Waterloo as compared with the slow and »oanty train aervtoa between Fendyke and Cambridge, which made a journey from his bative village a trial of youthful patience. London was full of pleasant people at this after-Easter season, so Allan took his time at Tattersall's, saw hie friends, dined them, or dined with them, at those clubs which young men most affect, went to his favourite theatres, rode in the park, and saw a race or two at Sandown, all in the process of buying his horses ; but at last the stud was complete, and his Btud-groom, a man he had brought from Suffolk, the man who taught him to ride, had shaken a wise head and told his young master to stop buying. "' You've got just as many as you can use, Mr. Allan," he said, " and if you buy another one it 'ud mean another b'y, and we ehall have b'ys enough for me to keep in order as it is." So A ll*n held his hand. " And now I am a country gentleman," he said, "and I must go and live on my acres." Everybody in the neighbourhood wanted to know him. He was under none of the disadvantages of the new man about whom people have to ask each other, " Who is he 1" He came to Matcham with the best possible credentials. His father was a man of old family* against whose name no evil thing had ever been written. His tnnfchw was an earl's daughter; and the estate which was his had been left him by a man whose memory wasxespeoted in the neighbourhood—a man of easy temper and open hand, a kind master and a stanch friend. Allan found his hall" table covered with cards when be returned from his London holiday, and he was occupied for the next fortnight in returning the calls that had been made for the most part in his absence. To a ehy young man this business of' Tetnrning calls in an unknown land would have been terrible—invading unfamiliar drawing-rooms and seeing strange faces, wondering which of two matrons was his hostess and which the friend or sister-in-law —an ordeal as awful as any mediaeval torture; but Allan was not shy, and he aooepted the situation with awtnning ease which pleased everybody. When he blundered — and his blunders were rare — he laughed at his mistake, and tamed it into a jest that served to help through the first five minutes of small talk. He had a quick eye, and in a room full of people saw at & glance the welcomingsmile and extended hand which marked his hostess. "Quite an acquisition to the neighbourhood," said everybody, and the mothers of marriageable daughters were as eager to improve the acquaintance as Jane Austen's inimitable Mrs. Bennett was to cultivate the irreproachable Bingley. In the course of that round of visits Allan contrived to find out a good deal about the neighbourhood which was henceforward to be his home. , He discovered that it was above all hunting neighbourhood ; but that it was also a snooting neighbourhood; and that there was bad blood between the men who wanted to preserve pheasants and the man who wanted to hunt foxes. From the point of view of the rights of property, the shooters would appear to be in their right, sinoe they only wanted to feed and foster birds on their own land; while the hanting-man — were he but the eeasoa-ticket holding solicitor from Bloomsbury—wanted to hunt his fox over land which belonged to another man, and to spoil that other man's oostly sport in the pursuit of a pleasure which cost bim, the season-ticbnt holder, at most a stingy subscription to the hunt he affected. But, on the other hand, hunting is a strictly national sport, and shooting if a. selfish hole-and-oorner kind of pleasure ; «> the hunting-men claimed immemorial rifmee and privileges as against the owners orwoods and copses and hatohere of pheasants. Allan found another and more universal sport also in the ascendant at Matoham. The neighbourhood had taken lately to golf, and that game had found favour with old and young of both sexes. Everybody oould sot hunt, but everybody could play golf, or, at least, look on from a respectful distance while golf was being played. The golf links on Tifatnhsm Common bad therefore become the most popular institution m the neighbourhood, and people oame from afar to see the young ladiee of Matcham contest for the bangles and photograph frames which the Golf Club offered as a reward of the strong arm and the aoourate eye. who oould turn his hand to most things in the way of physical exercise, was able to hold his own with the metnbtir of the Golf Clnb, and speedily beoome a familiar figure on the links. Here, as elsewhere, he met people who told bim he was like Geoffrey Wornock, and who praised Wornock's skill at golf just as other people bad praised his riding or his shooting. " He seems to be something of a Crichton, this Wornock of yours," Allan said sometimes with a suspicion of annoyance. He was sick of being told of his likeoass to this man whom he had never seen — weary of bearing the likeneaB discussed in his presence, weary of being told that theresemblaoo»wasin expression rather than in actual feature; that there was an indefinable something in his face which recalled Wornock in an absolutely startling manner; while the details of that face taken separately were in many respects unlike Wornock's face. "Yet it is more than what is generally called a family likeness,"said Mrs. Mornington, of the Grove, a personage in the neighbourhood, and the oleverest woman amongst Allan's new acquaintances. "It is the individuality, the life and movement of the face that are the same. The likeness is a likeness of light and Bhade rather than of line and colour." _ . There was a curious feeling in Allan s mind by the time this kind of thing had been said to him in different forms of speech by nearly everybody he knew in Matcham — a feeling which partly irritation, partly interest in the man whose outward likeness to himself might be allied with some identity of mind and in' clinatione. "I wonder whether I shall like him very much, or hate bim very muoh," he said to Mrs. Morning ton. " I feel sure I must do one or the other." . "You cannot help liking him. He is not the kind of man for anybody to hate," answered the lady quickly; and then growing suddenly thoughtful, she added. "You may find a something wanting in his character, perhaps; but you cannot dislike him. He is thoroughly likeable." 4' What is the something wanting whioh you have found ?" " I did not say I had found''— "Ob, but you would have suggested that I might disoover the weak spot if yon had not found it yourself 1" " You are as searching as a cross-examining counsel," said Mrs. Mornington, laughing at him. " Well, I will be perfectly frank with you. To my mind Geoffrey's character suffers from the fault whioh doctors sneaking cf a patient's physioal condition — call want of tone. There is want of mental tone in Geoffrey. , have known him from a boy. I like him; I admire his talents. He and my sons were at Eton together. I have seen more of him perhaps than any one else in this neighbourhood. 1 like him — I am sorry for ^'"''Why sorry? Has he not all the good things of this world "Not all. He lost his father before he waB - five years old ; and his mother is I fear a poor creature. " Ecoentric, I understand." "Lamentably so —a woman who isolates herself from all the people whose sooiety would do her good, and who opens her door to any spirit-rapping charlatan whose tricks beoome public talk. Poor thing ! One ought to be angry with her, but it is provoking to ree saeh a place as Diseombe in theposses- Eionof a woman wo is utterly unable to fill the position to which she has been elevated. "Who was Mrs. Wornock before she became Mrs. Wornock? I have heard "Yes, and you are never likely to hear more than hints." retorted Mrs. Mornington impatiently. "Nobody in this neighbourhood knows who Mrs. Wornock was. ISio rreature of her kith or kin has ever been seen at Diseombe. I don't suppose her eon knows anything more of her antecedents than you or I. Old Squire Wornock left Disoombe about seven and twenty years ago to drink the waters of some obscure spring in Bohemia—a pl-ce nobody hereabouts had ever heard of. fie was past sixty when he set out on that journey, a confirmed hachelor. One would as eoon have expected him to bring back tko moon as to bring a wife, bat, to the utter stupefaction of all his friends and ntquaintance, ha returned with a pretty - looking delicate youtij; creature he had married in Germany—at Dresden, I believe — and who looked much more like dying within the next five years than he did." " Did he introduce her to his neighbours? Was eh© well received : Oh, she was received well enough. Mr. Wornoak was not the kind of man to marry a disreputable person. People took ber on trust. She seemed painfully shy, and her only merit in Bociety was that she sang very prettily. Everybody called upon her, butBhe did not respond warmly to our advances; and about six months after her marriage there were rumours of an alarming kind about her health-her mental health. Our own good little doctor, dear old Mr. Podmore, who had attended three generations of Wornocks, •hook bis head when be was questioned about her. "Was itserious?" people asked—fori suppose you know that in a neighbourhood as rustio as ours if the doctor's carriage is seen at a particular house very often people will ask questions of that doctor. Yes, it was very serious. We never got beyond that. Mr. Podmore was loyal to his patient, fondly aahe loves a gossip. By-and-by we heard that Mr. Wornock had taken his young wife off to Switzerland. He who in his earlier life had seemed rooted to the soil was off again to the Continent, and Diseombe was ehut up once more. I'm afraid we all hated poor Mrs. Wornock. In a neighbourhood like ours one detests anybody who disturbs the pleasant order of daily life. Dinners and hunting breakfasts at Disoombe were an element in our daily lives, and we resented their cestation. When I say we I mean, of oourse,-our men- folk," • " VVere your men-folk long deprived of Mr. Wornock's hoopitalitiss t" "For ever," answered Mrs. Mornington, solemnly. "The Wornooks had only gone hclf a year or so when we read the announcement of a son and heir, born at Grindelwald in the depth of winter. A nice pla3e for the .future owner of Disoombe to be born in — Grindelwald — at the sign of the Bear ! We were all indignant at the absurdity of the thing. This oomes of an old man marrying a nobody, we said. Well, Mr. Carew, it was ages before we saw anything more of the Wornooks. Geoffrey must have been three or four years old when his father and mother brought him to the house in whioh he ought to have been born— a poor little fragile Frenchified object hanging on to a Frenoh bonne, and speaking nothing but French. Hot one sentence of his native tongue did the little wretoh utter for a year or two after he apoeared amongst nsl" Allan laughed heartily at Mrs. Mornington's indignant recital of this anoient history. Her disgust was as fresh and as vigorous as if she were describing the events of yesterday. " Was he a nice child ?" he asked, when they had both bad their laugh. 'Nice?. Well, yes, he was nice, just as a Frenoh poodle is nice. He was very active and intelligent — hyper-active, hyper-intelligent. He frightened me. But the Wornocks and the Morningtons had been close friends from generation to generation, so I oould not help taking an interest in the brat, and I would have been a cordial friend of the brat's mother for poor old Wornock's sake, if ens would have let roe. But she wouldn't, or she couldn't, respond to a sensible matter-of-fact woman's friendly advances. The poor thine was in the clouds then, and she iB in the olouds now. She has never come down to earth. Music, spirit-rapping, thought-reading, slate-writing — what can one expect of a woman who gives all her mind to such things as those? — a woman who lots her housekeeper manage everything from cellar to garret, and who has no will of her own in her garden and hothouses? I have known Mrs. Wornock seven and twenty years, and I know no more of.her now than I knew when she oame a stranger to Disoombe. I call upon her three or four times a year, and ehe returns my calls, and sits in my drawingroom for twenty minutes or so looking miserable and longing to go. What can one do with such a woman ?" " Isitsheer stupidity, do you think?" "Stupidity! No, I think not. She has anything but a stupid expression of countenance. She has an air of spirituality, as of a nature above the common world, which cannot come down to common things. I am told that in music ehe is really a genius; that her powers of criticism and appreciation are of the highest order. She plays exquisitely, both organ and piano. She has, or bad, a heavenly soprano voice ; but I have not heard her sing since Geoffrey's birth." " "She must be interesting," said Allan with conviction. " She is interesting—only she won't let one be interested in her."- "Can one get a look at her ? Does she go to Matcham Church ?" ' Never. That is another of her eccentricities. 1 She either goes to that funny little old Ohurch you may have noticed right amongthe fields — Filbury Parish Church — nearly six miles from Disoombe, or ehe drives thirteen miles to Salisbury Cathedral. I believe she sometimes plays the organ at Filbury. The organ was her gift, by-the-way. They had only a wretched harmonium when she came to Disoombe." " I shall go to Filbury -Churoh next Sunday,"said Allan. "Shall you? I hope yon are not forgetting the lapse of time. This interesting widow is only interesting from a psychological standpoint, remember. <She must be five and forty years of age. Not even Cleopatra would havo been interesting at forty-five." " I am under nohallucination as to thelady's age. I want to see the mother of Geoffrey Wornock. Is is Geoffrey Wornock in whom I am interested." " Egotistical person! Only because Geoffrey is like you." " Is there any man living who would not be interested in his double?" " Ah, but he is not your double ! The village mind iB given to exaggeration. He has not your firm chin nor your thoughtful brow. His face is a reminiscence of yours. It is weaker in every characteristic, in every line. You are the substance, he the reflection." "Now you are laughing at my egotism and developing my vanity." " No, believe me, no !" protested Mrs. Morningtou gaily. " I see you both with all your defeots and qualities. You have the stronger character, but you have not Geoffrey's fascinating personality. His very faults are attractive. He is by no means effeminate ; yet there is a something womanish in his natnre which makes women fond of him. He has inherited his mother's sensitive, dreamy temperament. I feel sure he would see a ghost if there were one in the neighbourhood. The ghost would go to bim instinctively as dogs go unbidden to certain people — sometimes to people who don't care about them; while the genuine dog-lover may be doing his best to attr&ot; bow-wow's attention and failing ignominiou6ly." " Every word you eay increases my interest in Mr. Wornock.' In a neighbourhood like this, where everybody is sensible and commonplace and conventional, excepting always your brilliant seli"—Mre. Mornington nodded and put her feet on,the fender—"it is so delightful to meet some one who does not move just on the common lines and is not worked by the common machinery." " You will find nothing common about Geoffrey," E&id; the lady. "I have known him since he was a little white boy in a black velvet suit, and he was just as enigmatical to me the day he left for Bombay as he WHS on his seventh birthday. I know that he has winning manners, and that I am very fond of him; aud that ia all I know about him." Allan drove to Filbury on the following Sunday and was in his place in the little old parish Churoh ten minutes before the eervico began. The high oak pows were not favourable to his getting a good view of ths congregation, since when seated the top of hie head was only on a level with the top of bis pew ; but by leaving the door of the pew ajar he contrived to see Mrs. Wornock as she went up the narrow aisle — nave there ens none, the pews forming a solid square in the centre of the Church. Yes, he was assured that slim, graceful figure in a plain qrey cashmere gown and grey straw bonnet muse be Mrs. Wornock and no other. Indeed, the inferenoe was easily arrived at, for the rest of the congregation belonged obviously to the small tenantfarmer and agricultural labourer class—the women folk homely and ruddy- cheeked, the men ponderous and ill at ease in their Sunday clothes. The lady in the grey gown made her way quietly to a pew that,occupied the angle of ahe Churoh nearest the pulpit and readingdesk—the old threedecker arrangement, for clerk, parson, and preacher. Mr. Wornock was patron of the living of Filbury and Diecombe, and thislaiyepew had belonged to the Wornocks ever since the rebuilding of the Church in Charles the Second's reign, a year or two after the manor-house was built, when the estate, which had hitherto been an outlying possession of the Wornocks, becaire their place of residence and most important property. Allan could see only the lady's profile from his plaaK in the body of the Church—a delicate profile, worn as if with long years of thougbtfulness ; a sweet, sad face that had lost all freshness of colouring, but had gained the spiritual beauty which grows in thought and solitude where there are no vulgar cares to harass fend vex the mind. A pensive peacefulness was the chief characteristic of the face Allan thought when the lady turned towards the organ during the Te Deuin, listening to the village voices which sang truer than village voioes generally do. Allan submitted to the slow torture of a very long sermon about nothing particular, on a text in Nehemi&h;, which suggested not the faintest bearing on the Christian life sermon preached by an elderly gentleman in a blaok silt gown, whose eloquence would have been more impressive had his false teeth been better fit. After the eermon there was a hymn, and the old-fashioned plate was oarried round by a blacksmith, whom Allan recognised as a man who had fastened his hunter's shoe one day at a little forge oc the outskirts of Filbury in the midst of a run; and then the little congregation quietly dispersed, after an exchange of friendly greetings between the Church door and the lycfcgate. A linn's gig was waiting for him near the i gate, and a Victoria, on which he recognised the Wornook crest—a dolphin crowned—stood in the shade of a row of limes, which marked the boundary of the vicarage garden. Allan waited a little, expecting to see Mrs. Wornock come out; and then as ehe did nob appear, he re-entered the churchyard, and strayed anion? moss-mantled tombstones, reading the village names, the village histories of birth and death, musing as he read upon the long eventless years which make the sum of rustio live;. The blue pure sky, the perfume of a beanfield in flower, the hawthorns in undulating masses of snowy blossom, and here and there in the angles of the meadows the heaped-up gold of furze bushes that were more bloom than bush—all these made life to-day a sensuous delight which exacted no questionings of the intelleot, suggested no doubt as to the bliss of living. If it were always thus—a crust of bread and cheese under such a sky, a bed in the hollow of yonder bank between bean-field and clover, would suffice for a man's content. Allan thought as he stood'on a knoll in God's acre, and looked down upon the meadows that rose and fell over ridge and hollow with gentle undulations between Filbury and Diseombe. What had become of Mrs. Wornock ? He had make the circuit of the burial-ground, pausing often to read an epitaph, but never relaxing his watchfulness of the carriage yonder, waiting under the limeB. The carriage was there still, and there was no sign of Mrs. Wornock. Was there a celebartion? No; he had eeen all the congregation leave the Church except the mistress of that curtained pew in the corner near the pulpit. Presently the broad strong ohords of a prelude were poured out upon the still air—a prelude by Sebastian Bach, masterful, imposing, followed by a fugue, whose delicate intricacies were exquisitely rendered by the player. Standing in the sunshine listening to that errand music Allan remembered what Mrs. Mornington had told him. The player was Mrs. Wornock. He had seen the professional organist and schoolmaster leave the Church with his flock of village boys. Mrs. Wornock had lingered in the Churoh to gratify herself with the musio she loved. He sauntered and loitered near the open window, listening to the music for nearly an hour. Then the organ sounds melted away in one lost long rallentando, and presently he heard the heavy old key turn in the heavy old lock, and the lady in grey came slowly alone the path to the lych-gate, followed by a olumsy boy, who looked like a smaller edition of the blacksmith. Allan stood within a few yards of the pathway to see her go by, hoping to be himself unobserved, screened by the angle, of an old monument, where rust had eaten away the railing, and moss and lichen had encrusted the pompous Latin epitaph, while the dense growth of ivy bad muffled the funeral urn. Here, in the shadow of ostentation's futile monument he waited for that slender and still yonthful form to pass. In figure the widow of twenty years looked like a prirl, and the faoe which turned quickly towards Allan, her keen ear having caught the rustle of the long grass under his tread, had the delicacy of outline and transparent fairness of youth. The cheek hod lost its girlish roundness, and the large grey eye was somewhat sunken beneath the thoughtful brow. Involuntarily Allan reoalled a long familiar line— Thy cheek is pale with thought and not with care. That expression of tranquil thoughtfulness changed in an instant as she looked at bim ; changed to astonishment, interrogation, which gradually softened to a grave curiosity, an anxious scrutiny. Then, as if becoming suddenly aware of her breach of good manners, the heavy eyelids sunk, and a faint blush coloured the thin cheeks, and she hurried onward to the gate, where her carriagehad drawn up in readiness for her. Her footman, in a sober brown livery, was holding the gate open for her. Her horses were shaking their bridles. She stepped lightly into the Victoria, nodding an adieu to the schoolboy who had blown the organ bellows, and vanished into the leafy distance of the lane, "So that is my double's mother. An interesting face, a graceful figure, and a lady to the tips of her fingers. Whether she is county or not county. Geoffrey Wornook has no cause to be ashamed of his mother. Nothing would induce me to think ill of that woman." He brooded on that startled expression which had flashed aorosB Mrs. Wornock's faco as she looked at him. Clearly she, too, had seen the likeness which he bore to ber eon. " I wonder whether it pains ber to be reminded of him when he is far away," speculated Allan, " or whether she feelB kindly towards me for the sake of that absent son ?" This queEtion of his was answered three dayn later by the lady's own hand. Among the letters on Allan's breakfast-table on Wednesday moraine. there was one in a strange penmanship, which took his breath away, for on the envelope, in bold brown letters, appeared the address, Diseombe Manor. He thrust all his other letters aside—those uninteresting letters which besiege the man who is supposed to have money to epend, from tradesmen who want to work for him, charities who want to do good for him, stockjobbers who want to speculate for him—the whole race of spiders in quest of the worried flv. He tore open the letter from Diseombe Manor, and eagerly devoured the following lines t— " Deer Sir— "People tell me that you are kind and amiable, and I am emboldened by this aosuranoe to ask you a favour. Etiquette forbids me to call upon you, and as I rarely visit anybody I have no opportunity of meeting you casually in the houses of other people, but you can, if you lilep, gratify a solitary woman by letting her mute your acquaintance in her own house; and perhaps when my son comes home on leave theacqnaintancn no begun may rip^n into friendship. I dare say people have told you that you are like him. and you will hardly wonder BO my wishing to see more of a face that reminds me of my nearest and dearesi. "I am generally at home in the afternoon. " Very trulv yours, "E. WOBNOCK." "E. Wornock !" he repeated, studying the signature. " Why no Christian name? And what is the name which that initial represents ? Eliza perhaps — and she sinks Jt, thinking it common and housemaidisb—forget'ing how Ben Jonson by tbatf, housemaid ifh name does designate the mo«fc glorious of queens. Poscibly Ellen—a milkand-water name, with less of dignity than Eliza: or Em ly, my mother's name—fcr»ceful but somewhat ; colourless. I have never thought it good enough for so fine a character us my mother. She should have been Katherine or Margaret, Gertrude or Barbara, names that have a fulness of sound which implies fulness of meaning. I will nail at Disoombe Manor thin afternoon. Delay would be to the last decree churlish—and I want to see what Geoffrey Wornock's home is like." The afternoon was warm and sunny, and Allan made a leisurely circuit of the chase and park of Diecombs on his way to Mrs. Wornock's house. The beauty of the Manor consisted as much in the perfection of detail as in the grandeur of the mansion or the extent of gardens and park. The mansion was not strikingly architectural nor even strikingly picturesque. It was a sober old brick house, with a high, tiled roof, and level rows of windows—those of the upper story were the original lattices of 1664, the date of the house; but on the lower floors mullions and lattices had given place to long Frenoh windows, of a uniform unpictureeque flatness, opening on a broad gravel walk, beyond which the emooth-ehaven grass sloped gently to the edge of a moat, for Mrs. Wornock's house was one of those moated manor bouses of which there are so few left in the south of England. The gardens surrounding that grave-looking Caroliun house bad attained the ideal of horticultural beauty under many generations of garden lovers, the ideal of old-fashioned beauty, be it understood; the beauty of clipped hedges and eunk lawns, walls of ilex and of yew, soleirn avenues of obelisk-shaped conifers, labyrinths, arches, temples, and arcades of roses, tennis-lawns, and bowling-greens, broad borders of old-faehion<-d perennials, clumps and masses of vivid colour, placed with art that seemed accidental wherever a spot of bright colour was wanted to relieve the verdant monotony. If the gardens were perfect, the house, farm, and cottages were even more attractive in their arcadian grace. Quaint roofs and massive chimney stacks, lattices, porches, sundials, of a day that is dead, gardens brimming over with flowers, trim pathways, shining panes, everywhere a spotless cleanliness, a wealth of foliage, an air of prosperous fatness, beehives, poultry, cattle, all the signs and token of dependents for whom much is done, and whose dwellings flourish at somebody else's expense. Allan noted the cottage which bore the Wornook " W." above the date of the building —he noted tbein but lost count of their number — keeper's lodges in the woodiabd which skirted the park—gardener's or dairymen's cottages at every park gate; farmhouse and bailiff's house; cottages for coachmen and helpers. At every available angle where gable, roof, and quaint old chimney stack cauld make a picturesque feature in the landectpa n cottage had been placed, and the number of these ideal dwellings euggested territorial importance in a manner more obvious than any effect made by the mere extent of acreage, a thing that is talked about but not seen. Diseombe chase, the Diseombe lodges, and the village and school-house, of Diseombe were obvious facts which impressed the stranger. That sweetly pensive face of Mrs. Wornock's had slain the viper envy m Allan's breast. When first be rode through those woods and over those undulating pastures and by those gables embowered in roses and wisteria, or starred with the pale blue clematis, he had felt a certain sour discontent with his own good fortune, about which people, from his mother down to the acquaintance of yesterday, prattled and prosed so officiously. He was sick of hearing himself called a lucky fellow. Luck, forBooth 1 What was his luck compared with Geoffrey Wornook's? That a bachelor uncle of his, having scraped together a mcdest little fortune, aud not being able to carry it with him to the nether world, should have passed it on to him, Allan, was not such a strange event as to warrant the running commentary of congratulation that had assailed his ear ever since he came to Matcham. No one congratulated Geoffrey Wornock. Nobody talked of his good luck. He had been bora in the purple, and people spoke of him as of one having a divine right to the bast things that this earth can give—to a Carolisn msueion, and chate and park, and wide-spreadine farmB. There seemed to Allan Carew's eelfconsciouEness an implied disparagement of himself in the tone which Matcham people took about Geoffrey Wornook. They in a manner congratulated him on his likeness to the Lord of Disoombe Manor, and insinuated that be ought to be proud of himself because of his resemblance to the local magnate. To-day. however, Allan forgot all those infinitesimal vexations which in the beginning of his residence at Matcham had made the name of Wornock odious to him. His thoughts were full of that pale sad face, the wasted cheeks, the heavy eyelids, the somewhat sickly transparency of complexion, the large violet eyes, which lit up the whole face as with a light that is not of this world. It Was the most spirituel countenance he had ever seen— the first face which had ever suggested to him the epithet ethereal. He remembered what society had told him about Mrs. Wornock; her encouragement of spirit-rapping people and thought-reading people, and every phase of modern supernaturalism ; her passion for music—a passion so absorbing as almost to pass the borderline of sanity; at least in the opinion of the commonplace sane. He wondered no longer that suoh a woman bad held herself aloof from the hunting, and shooting, and dinner-giving, and tea-drinking population scattered within a radius of eight or ten miles of Diseombe; the people with whom had she lived, the conventional life of the conventional lady, she would have been on intimate terms. She was among them, but not of them, Allan told himself. " Surely I'm not in love with a woman old enough to be my mother?" he thought, between jest and earnest, as he drove np to the houBe. " I have not thought so persistently of any woman since the dean's prettydaughter, fairest and last of my calf loves." He was not wholly in jest, for during the last three days the lady's image hqd haunted him with an insistency that bordered on "possession." It was as if those dark-grey eyes had cast a Bpell upon him, and as if he must needs wait until the enchantress who held him in her mystio bands should deign nn weave her mystery and sethis thoughts at liberty. The hall-door stood open to the summer air and the afternoon sun. A large black poodle, with an air of ineffable wisdom, was stretched near the threshold; a liver-and-white St. Bernard sunned his hairy bulk upon the grass in front of the steps; and on the broad terrace to the right of the house a peacock spread the rainbow splendonr of his tail, and strutted in stately slowness towards the sun. "House and garden belong to fairyland," thought Allan. " The enohantress has but to wave her wand and fix the pioture for a century. We may have extended the limit of human life a hundred years hence, and Mrs. Wornook's age may count as girlhood when some gay young prince of fifty-five shall ride through the tangled woodland to awaken the sleeper. Who can tell? ' We know what we are, but we know not what we may be.'" 