' JUSTICE TO ALL." SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1895. NOTES AND COMMENTS. -0 How They Caught the Ghost. There is a very datring young man whose father conducts a grocery store at the bottom of Bay street, and there are two very popular and amiable young ladies who.e brother is an estate iigent near the North Brighton Railway- Station. One night last week the young ladies, in light colored dresses, were at the Church of England Sunday School building. The budding limb of the grocery trade had his brain filled with " the ghost," and as the young ladies flitted acrosas the church yard he mentally ejaculated "Ah, ah! 'Tis the ghost. Be still my heart ! I will gain fame by one courageous act !" He did not, however, go bold ly forth to grapple with. the sprites, but be rushed away - until he inter. ,cepted a policemanl. 1I have seen. the ghost," he cried, "Where ?" said the constable. "In the Church of England grounds," exclaimed the grocery man, breathlessly; " there are two of them.!"' The constable and the courageous youth went forth unarmed, but with stout hearts, to capture the goblins. On nearing the building a lithe figure in feminine looking drapery was seen to emerge from the gates. "He comes!" cried the grocery man, hysterically, and, backed up by the constable, rushed bravely in pursuit, regardless of phosphorous, brim stone, and vitruL As the pursuers approached the "spectre" it stood still and appeared alarmed, "What do you want," said a young lady's voice. " Beg pardon, .miss, we thought you were the ghost," said the grocery store young man, and mutual explanations followed. Next day the young lady's brother met us and remarked, "Did you hear they've caught the ghost ?" ' No," we re plied. " Oh, yes, young got a policeman and tried to arrest my sister," he explained, and related the joke. The police are becoming very dubious about ghost yarns now. One old lady saw a white demon with horns the other night which turned out to be an old grey cow, and some children were ghost-stricken by a man walking along lighting his pipe. 