«¿hostia nt Singleton. TKKSK has boon a deni of excitement in Singleton of luto in connection with the mouudoringH of an alleged ghost. The apparition is said to rosomblo a mun limned Vickery. Somo yonrs ago Vickery, who onrried a Iorgo sum of money, suddenly disap peared. Tío lett Singleton one night for his homo nt; Kulga,-and wus seen for the last time when going down to the river near Fuwcett's paddocks. He never reuohed hnme, and his disappearance np to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Since Vickory vanished thero have boon rumours of strange lights and apparitions about the locality iii which he was Inst seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, whilo walking ulong tho road tho other evening overtook, ns he thought, ft. pomonal friend^ and he tapped this supposed friend on the shoulder, only to Hud that his hand mot no resistunce, but went through something unsubstan tial. Tue wraith or form, whioh lie tried tu'touch, immediately vanished. During the lust month or two it is assorted thut strange lights have boen soon hovering about in a paddock near tho snot whioh is said to be haunted, and these lights make their ap pearance at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night last, a ninty of six or sevou, including Mr. Playford and his son and Mr. Moran, employees at the railway station, went to watch for the light. At the hour ox pee ted a light suddenly mudo its appearance in II paddock nearly opposite tho coinetory. Whon first seen the light wits about the size whioh would bo omitted from a hand Iauteru, was a little above ground, and moved towards tho party of watchers, apparently without tho aid of human ngonoy, After it lind travelled within IOU yards or so of tho observers it stopped. Tho watchers thou begun to approach tho light, whon a rogular " will o' the wisp*' chase wns commenced. As.tho pursuers' upprouahed the '-? light, which had gained consider ably in size, it began to retreat at a rate exuotly regulated to tho movements of the followers. ff thoy run it moved very quickly, and kept paoo with them. If they wulked, it went ut a slower rate ; if they stood still, it stoppod. Finally, after loading them a pretty long abuse in the paddock and by tho river, tho mysterious light vanished, mid was seen no more that night. A party of over KIO peoplo, on horse nnd on foot and in buggios, wera out on Monduy night. Thoy watched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them returned to town : but a few who remained hiter, assert, how ovor, that they again saw tho mysterious light. All tho strikers at Hudson Bros., except four aro now le-rmployed, mid these will be taken on direct ly thero is work for them. Caviitiough's Liver Tonic is a certain ours for Indigestion and all kindred uihnonta.* 