NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") Tlio other day the public was thrilled by tho announcement that Mr. Garrard had struck for Blayney to "see for himself" some church and school lands there, and before tho excitement had time to cool a further departmental bulletin informed us that Mr. Gould was on the march for Dubbo to cast his Ministerial eye over tho court house. This was Immediately after Mr. Garrard's return from a trip to Broken- hill on some official enterprise of equal magnitude. A country which can afford to employ flfteen-hundred-a-year Cabinet Min isters to travel about attending to these little details ought, for common decency's sake, to quit complaining about hard times. Is there no Government olilcial anywhere about Blayney to whom tho Minister could drop a line asking for whatever particulars he wanted concerning Inc church, and school lands of the district? Tito local school Inspector or teacher or land agent or poundkeepcr or policeman should lie able to tell Mr. Garrard more about them in a single letter franked through "on Her Majesty's Servico" than lie could learn by journeying tliero and camping on the ground for a week. Failing these officers, what was the matter with "the oldest inhabitant?" Why could not Mr. Garrard in these times of retrenchment have sent that omniscient person a note, asking him to state whether tho church and school lands of Blayney were any different now to what they ever were. If he had to set up beer at the local hotel as the price of the Information. It would come much cheaper than going all tho way to Blayney in first-class style, and consuming time for which the country was paying £30 a week. And tho same with re gard to Mr. Gould's visit to Dubbo, and, Indeed, most of tho pompous Jaunts which new Ministers undertake for the purpose of being lionised by gaping backbiockers and banqueted by cuto business men with local logs to roll. M hen we eomo to think of it, most of the timo of Australian Ministers is taken up rollicking round on tho off chance of being able to pick up some useful .information somewhere. But they never seem to pick any up; or, if they do, the country does not get the benefit of it. We have several Intercolonial Cabinet Ministers in Sydney now wandering round after crumbs of poli tical wisdom, and when they are gone a fresh lot will take their places. Mean while, wo generally have one or two of our own men on the prowl in other colonies, looking mostly across banquet tables through up-ouded champagne glasses for similar enlightenment. By the time one of thorn spots anything, however, it is usual for him to bo indignantly fired out of office by an Opposition v.-hich lias its gorge raised to art intolerable degree at the sight of a prolonged series uf "Ministerial junket ings." For the party that is not in it al ways calls it junketing. Tiion a new set of men got a show, and they are hardly sworn in before they pack their portman teaus and start out. with a brave deter mination to pit!! mi lust time, and inr.kr as much hay as possible during the fitful gleam of sunshine. Thov inquire into every thing everywhere, as merry among:;! the popping champagne corks as Ilelslmzzar at ids roast, Willie tins ousted ones, like the Medea and I'ersians. sit outside plotting their overthrow. When they find out Just liow to begin legislating, down they go, and their successors begin all over again. That is mostly what ails there colonies, and what, if not put a stop to. must sooner or later bring the lot of them to bank ruptcy. Our first necessity just now is a Government that, instead of going about looking l'ov ideas, will stay at home and use up whatever few they may have of their own. if they have not got any. then all thoy arc likely to find at outside ban quet tables will never make statesmen of them; and for conscience salce they ought to give up the ghost. Mr. Carrutliers gave a diplomatic reply to the two rival deputations of Manly ferry men which waited upon him yesterday in reference to the right of using the main wharf. Matters have got into such a stu pendous tangle between the Government, Hie Manly Council, the Park Trust, the Port Jackson Company, various stray aldermen, and other promiscuous persons and corpora tions, that all tho lawyers in Philadelphia might argue themselves black in the face without deciding who tills wharf actually belongs to. Boiled down, howover, the matter reduces itself into a catch-as-you- ean tussle between tlio old Port Jackson Company on the one side, and its co-opera tive rival, backed by tho municipal council, on the other. It acorns to mo that the case of the Port .Taeknon Company, aa put be fore tin: Minister yesterday, Is a particular ly hard one. Manly Is acting towards It the part of a Goneril and a Began rolled Into one. oar» ago, when t'no place was a fishing village, to which you could never fount on rotting at any particular time, the Port Jackson Company rescued It from its isol.iLion by putting an a line of ocean going steamers, which ran in ' air weathers, .urn at all riinconablo hours, so that living at Manly entailed no moro disabilities than hung uL Marrickvlllo. The rosult was an Immense boom in Manly property, and a ldi. ii.iag of the municipal cxchequor to pro portions previously undreamt of. And to i.iliTiniato tins, people who built houses of a certain value received free tick- iii lui loo big boats, the prlco of which was, of course, added to the io, d, ami helped to further swell tho taxes. Nobody supposes that this was dono out of philanthropy. The company had its eye to dividends, and the more attractive it -ad.- ..laniy to visitors, the more fares It boned to collect on the boats. But that is Just where it made tlio mistake. The share holders spent their money booming up M.-.iij, l.,;L -ion jue returns eamo to ho apportioned, like1 tlio mail who fell out of the balloon, ihey soon began to realise that they wore "not in It." The M-mly propei ty -owners and tlio people travelling u;i and down in tho big saloon — u.iCi,, were get ting (he wiiolo benefit- lhvideniis mi the capital were found to bo out nf (ha question; consequently, the 'diarrlioMoifj, while leaving tlio servico just 1 - iiuie on tlx.QuO in hard money. Ibet I,; to so y, if they eculd got Interest on the balance of capital they offered to let nhuily am p,. visitors have the use of mulling. Tho offer was closstl Nidi, hut still there were no dlvs. And th«! the people who benefited by tiio com- IKiiiy's leases, backed up by tlio council, h »-ui moor r.f ell Us debtor, lilrod a Hoot of cheap Utile boats with inferior aocimunfidntiun, manoeuvred it out of '.lie I'ifiit t he main wharf, and set to wr:': to cut. its throat. That to how tile Pa-illou now iilam!:'. anil tlio question is whether tin Government, should help to 'oni tils t r> tile work by handing over the ..I, ml „» tim council or put it up for lease by ten, ice. i„ dea'iu;; Willi Hi!:; metier liie ?! blister has more to comiH.-r Hum the rlahnu of the rival crmpaniM or of the 1 h r i i i r ii i \ i'lawci of :1yd iiny. and „r principal li"-.Ith am recreation re oris for the gclie- '"I public. F„r one Manly real, lent who hoicbi up and down a dozen people from other places use the ferry .service. And it is their interest which lies at the bottom of tills question. At tli" infill t lil v meeting of the trustee;! Of till! Free ! 'uld ie Idiirary. tlio following statement was mil, milled to the board:— I' or January books were taken out from the lending branch classified as under: Natural Philosophy, rrieip-e, and tip. arts, hid; liis- "k'OR. and Ira vein'. It'::?: Jin'i'-'pi'udcmw, "l fifi ; mental ami itmral nitilos.npiiy, 27o; po'dry and the drama, :F:i; prose fiction, IflTU; "liscoll.inomis, nvs, (ot:!i, 7:.'!t:. For the period from the 1st. to ttisl January, lfitir, '.'ember „f tickets issued, 27$!: total issues to country libraries, 1L boxes, ecntnhilng Titt volumes; lending branch, number of visits, tiiki::; reference library, number of visits, 12,1(11; newspaoer room, 13, USD; total for ono month, 31.772. 