On an! oil He stage. Miss Harria Ireland has returned to Melbourne. She-will probably rejoin the Bland Holt Company on tour. MR. J. L. Toole is still far from well, and is recuperating at Cannes. He hopes to return to harness next month. Miss Nellie Farren returns to life and fame in a few weeks as the manageress of a West End Theatre, in London. Miss Hilda Spong, the Australian favourite, has become an ardent cyclist. She looks very well on the wheel, and keeps to skirts. MB. K>. H. Sherard, the Paris correspondent of the New York World and Pall Mall Gazette, is writing a biography of Sarah Bernhardt. MR. George H. "Wood, " the somewhat different comedian," formerely of Mr. Harry Eickards' Tivoli Company, is appearing at Keith's Union Square Theatre in New York. Miss Cissy Loftus is an enthusiastic cyclist, but she declines to ride in smalls, which she considers ugly and unnecessary, modestly preferring to retain the full and flowing skirt of her sex. MRS. Cora Urquhart Potter and Mr. Kyrle Bellew are to re-open Daly's Theatre, New York, in Sep tember, with The Queen's Necklace. This is the best engagement Mrs. Potter has yet had, and it is con sidered a great triumph for her. FITZGERALD'S Circus will begin a grand tour of New Zealand in October next, starting at Auckland. The brothers had a fine trip through the States, and are now in London engaging new talent, amongst which a troupe of shapely and clever female acrobats is to be a feature. MR. George Grossmith has been introducing some novelties to a London audience, for instance, a new sketch called the "Tide of Fashion." In it he satu'izes the Wagner craze, imitates his own son in the " Shop Girl," sings a capital parody on " My Queen," which holds the bicycle woman up to ridicule, and is called " No Longer My Queen," and introduces some clever skits on the love- songs of the day. MR. Bland Holt has elaborated the picnic scene in Saved from the Sea with characteristic humour. The picnickers are now provided with a tremendous table cloth wide enough for Mr. Bland Ilolt to turn somersaults upon and then wrap round his body, while he exclaims, " Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost!" On unwinding himself he turns the table cloth into a skating rink. He kneels at one end and makes the plates do the skating. While attending to the grilling of the redoubtable chops he dons a paper apron, but much to the disappointment of the gods it doesn't catch fire, though it flutters so near the blaze that enterprising young speculators up aloft take odd and even bets on the likelihood of a conflagration. Another scene which has also gained in effect is the rescue with the life-boat, which occasions the wildest enthusiasm. Saved from ihc Sea will be played for the last time to-night (Friday), by the Bland Holt Company. To-morrow, the last week of the season at the Theatre Royal will be commenced in the final pro duction, The Prodigal Daughter, which will be repeated for six nights only. Friday next will bo the last performance. The spectacular effect which made the drama so popular last year at the Princess -will be heightened on the present revival by some mechanical contrivances. The depth of the Royal stage too, is calculated to give plenty of room to the setting of the sensational scenes. In fact, though the performances will be the last for some time, Mr. Bland Holt is determined to revive The Prodigal Daughter with the strongest stimulants ho can prepare. The season has been one of the most successful the company has experienced, and has lasted for five months. It is curious that the opening date, April 13, at which most of the theatrical profession look askance, was really the herald of a boom, a Bland Holt boom that will not be readily forgotten. The popular manager should look out for more thirteens. MR. George Leitch has at last produced his drama of European and Maori life in New Zealand, written by himself, and entitled The Land of the Moa. According to a Wellington correspondent, it is splendidly mounted, and the -wonders of the Hot Lakes district are produced with startling effect, the whole culminating in a scene purporting to represent the eruption of Tarawera so sensational that it thoroughly scared many in the theatre on the opening night. Mr. Clint is responsible for the scenery, and the production is to be presently removed to Sydney. It is doing excellent business in New Zealand, and should pay, notwithstanding the large amount of capital sunk in it by the Wellington syndicate, which lias found the moans. Mr. Jauies Cathcart represents a M:iori chief, and Mr. Leitch a low comedy pilot. The company is now in Auckland, and is then to proceed to Christchurch and Dunedin, before going to Sydney and Melbourne, and a visit to England is proposed, as it is thought by the promoters that the novelty of the sensational effects would take. There is a troupe of Maoi'is engaged in the production. Mr. Leitch's new piece will bo staged at the Sydnoy Theatre Royal at the end of October. THE New Tivoli Company at the Opera TTou:-o is experiencing the additional strength the entertainment has received from the Banvnrd>, Miss Alma Grey, Misses D'Elrov and Lynno. The dive from the dome, with which Mastor Albert-. Banvard concludes his dexterous performance, is still an extraordinary attraction to sight-soors. Miss Alma Grey's demure and dainty manner add n special charm to lmr song and dance. "If T Like It." The Amazonian >;lub swinging with a solo by Professor Benjamin is prettily arranged and carried out. Mr. .T. W. Wintm and M-Ointy. Mv. Slnd" Muri'ay's comic songs, and Mr. James Harvey's extracts from plays with imitations of star actors are three never - failing successes. Miss Ada Baker's sweet singing, the specialities of Mr. Larry Dooley, Messrs. McKisson and Kearns, Messrs. Friedman and Tudor; tlio clever mandolin playing of Miss Laura T)uif riesse and Miss Daisy Gharri's humourous songs pro vide variety1 of the best kind. Among other per formers are 'the favourite Permans, who are in cluding thedast week of a successful engagement, and are now about to set out to India. For to morrow evening's change of programme the Sakers are announced, also the first appeai- ance under Mr. Rickards' management of Mr. D'Arcy Stanfield and Miss Eva Clements. To-morrow (Saturday) after noon a matinee entertainment will be given in aid of the Children's Hospital and the Home of Hope for Destitute Children. His Excellency the Acting Governor Sir John Madden, the Cabinet Ministers and Sir Arthur and Lady Snowden have promised their patronage. MR. Harry Monkhouse, who finished his J engagement with Messrs "Williamson and Mus o-rove on Friday last, is a native of Newcastle, England. The adoption of hi* present name was due to a printer's error, by which the name of the messenger who handed in the order for the bills was substituted for his own. The actor made a hit in his new part, and thereupon became known as M 1LI lU-ffi'.H mm » ?» .*??? ? i n-- ? .. Harry Monkliouse; and the namfi being a well known North Country name, he has since been pestered with many claims to relationship, with visits from "missing heir" ageucies, and the like. Mr. Monkhouse made his first appearance upon any stage at Blyth-on-Tyne on October 31, 1871, playing with a stock company for six months. His next engagement was as socond comedian at South Shields, and, as luck had it, he almost at once replaced the first comedian, so that his apprentice ship in small parts was unusually briof. Mr. Monk house stayed throe years in the provinces and then joined Mr. Robert Rousby, of 'Twixt Axe and Crown celebrity, who, it may be remarked, is still flourish ing as a theatrical manager at Jersey. At that time the comedian was " painfully thin," and was playing elegant light comedy parts. After three years at the Elephant and Castlo Theatre, Avhich was burnt down in 1878, Mr. Monkhonse joined the Grecian Theatre, City-road, under the management of the Conquest family. Old playgoers will realise the strength of the company which made the North London playhouse popular, on learning that during his stay there, Mr. Monkhouso was associated with such artists as Harry Nieliolls, Ilorbert Campbell, Arthur Williams, G. H. McDermott, and Marie Loffcus, all of whom have since risen to the top of the theatrical tree. "Since then," adds the comedian, "the glory of the Greefiyci hd^doparted. The cohorts of the Salvationi^^in^ -^-i^l' their Field Marshals and General|5-;njiid CaptaiH$JLhave taken the old theatre over for^Spn^fjpal am^B'ig Drum Exercise, and Iliopo-Isay :I^fiopes p&trt; Sit better use than it was. I was nex£ eng%0^ by. j^r. John Ilollingshead for the Gaiety-[/.f'jj'gattre, where I first appeared in a satire piece, onfrt&d;'^foVe Than Ever; after which I toured in Edward 'terry-'smarts, play ing Beppo in Fra Diavolo, with Wm. Elton as Giacomo. In 1886 I began to tour with, a lively musical farce called Larks, written for me by Wilton Jones, the husband of Florence Warden, author of The House on the Marsh. This piece, after I liad played it for three years, ran on uninterruptedly in the provinces until 189-1, and I am now negotiating for its production in Australia. Early in 1830 the late Mr. Carl liosa completed a sehemo for a season' of light opera, with the result that Paul Jones was staged, and I accepted the part of Bouillabaisse, in venting all the now- accepted business, and suggest ing the idea of " The Two Mariners Bold/' The Two Gcns-iVarmes was the source of this marine inspiration. In January, 1890, still, with the Rosa Light Opera Company, I created the part of Gosric in Marjorie at the same house and then the part of Vanderkoopen was re arranged and rewritten by me, and I played it throughout the run of La Cigala at the Lyric. Wlion the Mountebanks was produced I created the role of Bartolo, and the austere W. S. Gilbert was so delighted with three of my gags-as a rule he is 'dead nuts' on the insertion of any gag in the sacred text-that he had them permanently incorporated in the published book. Later, I was in the cast of Incognita, in which Miss Nellie Stewart played until she sprained her ankle; and then I wrote the libretto of La Rosierc, stagod by Miss Mnrie Halton -tho original Australian Cigale-at the Shaftes bury Theatre. My first engagement with Mr. George Edwirdes was in The Gaiety Girl, and my approaching return to London is due to a cablegram informing me that be will require my services for a Dew piece in the metropolis from October 15 next 