TYPHOID AT COOLGARDIE. The fever of Coolgardie, aocording to an article in Cosmo«, tbe new Sydney monthly, is typhoid. Mr. John Law, tbe writer, putea good dea1, of blame on tbe township loaf rs »ni the blacks, who come and gt ; but this is hardly fair. Hf usabolders usad to Hying in mHuioipalities where drainage and sanitation ara attended to by the authorities e»s ly fall into bad ways when lett co manage thnso things for themselves. Typhoid abd diph- theria aiiae from publio and private negleot, and euch disi-a es spring np aa a matter of o MUBO wherever white men for ai Urge o >mriB, and omit at ono < to nut themselves under fi-m munir p tl rule. C tolgxrdie, with its very dry climate and daaty soil, happens to be much les« easily <-r.in?d than mont settlements, and the efore disease has gitagrod starr from the first. " D otora and land Bp<onla ors," saya Mr. Law, " divide the spoil just now. The young doctors soamper about amongst the tenta on ponies; the older ones stay at ho «se to be consulte 1. One dootor d el of the fever he came to care, a young Eu9rli .hn.an of 26; another escaped from it by the skin o' his teeth ; a tbiri looks like a walking ghost, . thanks to relapses." Ta« Government has provided a hospital for pauper patients, and a tent fo- patients who <<an afford to pay £1 li. a week. There ] are three private hospitals. ] Some nurssB get «33 8s. a week to attend a i patient is hi« tent. " They are women who j ha e strayed to the fl »ld in the hope of making money, and have soon found that barmaids who run sly-grog shops are the only women who make fortunes in and round about Coolgardie. They work from dawn till dark, run errands, cook over a camp fire, and nurse the patient, who lies on his bunk cursing the flies that swarm ever bis face, arms, and ltgp. All eo ts and onöiion* of women may be found doing thia kind of nuning, ir^m tbe good-hearted wahrrwoman, who be'ievee in rubbing plenty of whisky into all parts of the patient's body, to the Me b tnrne society girl, who was too proud t> work in her native city, BO came to make money in Coolgardie-and it is hard work," " Coolgardie doctora," proceeds the artiole, "like Oil Blas,have two speciftoa for the fever. They beli.ve in anti-febrine and sponging. The latter remedy is much sp preoüted on hot days by patients. With a temperature of lOSdeg. and a bot wind blow, ing a man rcjoioea to Bee the water-bag in the nurse's hands. Ice made ita appearance for a few weeks, thon went the way of other luxuries. Now it is possible to bay oow's milk and fresh eggs ; but of conrea them things are vcy expensive, and moat patients have to entant themselves with oondens»d milk or water, sago and arrowroo'. Some are too poor for anything but ' billy * tea end whisky. The poorest man who bas a mate is sure to be supplied with n hisky. Everyone cn the fi>ld swears by whisky as a fever speoifio. Whisky will keep off th* fever, men say, and help you better than anything else to get rid of it. Sime men take quinine, others con* sumo raw and cooked onions, in the hopa of keeping well. Tbe wiser sleep outside the township and only viait Bayley-street for meals and business. "The fever lasts three weeks when the attack ie slight, three months when it is serious. It ia followed in many oases by severe rheumatism in hands and feet, ss a man is of little use to himself or any one else until be has 'gone down,' that is to say taken a trip to Perth. Coo'gardia ia a bad place ior convalescente. The nights and mornings are intensely cold, and at noon the sun is BO hot that invalids oan aoarcely endure i*." 