ORIGINAL POETRY. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE DEVIL. |BY W.H.] In Marraweeney's rugged wilds. Beaide a deep and dark ravine, Between two giants of tbe wood, A splitter's but was one time seen. One misty night I did get bushed. Among those woods so dark and drear. I Btaved that night in that lone hut, . So made a lire myself to cheer ; A fire tbat would please old Satan. The mists gave all an eerie garb, That winter night that I was lost, The sound of raindrops from the trees, Seemed like the footsteps of a ghost, I heard the call of beasts or birds. Which made night feel more weird and queer, I asked myself with creeping flesh, What if old Satan wandered here. I'd have to knuckle down to His Majesty. I thought upon the tales I'd heard, The tales of gboBts In former years, I then thought of the devil, and— His Majesty himself appears. I heard a stealthy snakelike sound, And I with fear did almost yell ; All through the hut did thickly (Hat, A suffocating, sulphurous smell. The toilet purfume of His Majesty. Two awful eyes, and horned head, A monster with an ebon skin, With hanging lugs, and scaly tail, I did behold the king of sin. Tho' his trident on bis shoulder lay ; I grasped my rifle firmly then, I resolred to take this chance to slay, This low malignant foe of men. So take that your infernal Majesty. The rifle rang, but blunt and dull, And woke the echoes with a fright, Hick simply smiled, and softly said : My friend, it's pretty cold to-night. That puff of yours just warmed my nose, 1 felt it getting sore and red. You're a fool to tliick a rifle ball, Could in the least harm Satan's bead. For I must introduce myself as His Satanic Majesty ." " Beside your fire I'll warm myself. For fire, my friends, I never scorn, And while I warm my famous toes. Of eartblythings I'll spin a yarn. I've left a lawyer in my place, While on inspection 1 do roam ; This fire you ask me to enjoy, I begin to feel almost at home. I'll return your compliment some day said His Majesty." As I feel warm, I now will talk, About each eartbly fraud and sham, By every grade of man I find I'm painted blacker than I am. The religious, that love truth and right, Admire tho Bible's rules and laws, . When they go wrong, they blame poor me, When 'tis themselves that is the cause. But tbey try to saddle me with their sins, said His Majesty. Your churches and your preaching men, That wage against me ceaseless wan, Oft' feast me with a regal feast— Those sinks of sin—'hose church bazaars, Thcra ladies, with tbeir mincing ways, Will plead for coin with pitious moan, While on their dress is gold enough, To build a tidy church alone. But I've got a share in their zeal, said His Majesty. Yes, dressed in silks and jewels bright. And in their buggies flash and grand, To raffle some poor paltry prize. Seek gold from each hard-working band. To drive a trade, their busy train, Must oft' invent sleek little lies, . Ah, poor deluded dupes of mine. They think they work for Paradise; But I've got a big say in it, said liis Majesty. Within a fashionable church, Where costly lamps are burning bright, I've watched tbe saintly throng within, All dressed in style, the fashion's height. There organs drone, and voices loud, He-echo thro' cacb costly aisle; Tbay think they're Christians, true and meek . But are gaudy Pharisees the while. But I've got a bit of a mortgagee on them, said His Majesty. I've seen the proud and polished swell, Important, pompous, fat and bland, Within one week a fortune spend, In buying mines and fertile Jands. On Sunday Jie would .sing and pr.iy, Yet be a finished hyprocite; For in the plate he'd quietly drop, The wee religious three-penny bit. Allotments in Heaven must be cheap, said His Majesty. I've watched those Parliamentary men, Who's talk is clever, smooth and nice, They try to make the world believe, Their life for food tbey sacrifice. They plead tbat justice be dealt out To every rank, most fair and free, And when election time comes round, How sympathetic they can be. . But they feather their own nest, said His Majesty. At election.tlmes, as candidates, How blaud and sweet tbey go around. And vow if they can head the poll, Prosperity will aye abound. They swear the laws are harsh and wrong, And they can make them sound and wise, They promise this, they promise that, And all tbe while their words are lies, Thsy beat me hollow, said His Majesty.. I know some folks, who long to sit, Upon the Parliamentary stools, While I'd flc'clare, they really are, A self-conceited set of f oola; They think they're fit to rule the State, And send their fame o'er ocean's foam, When really they have not the tact, \- To rule their better half at home. I'd sooner have a lot of wooden men, said His Majesty. Some fellows will obsequious fawn, If public favor they can get, They will at borne soon change their tune. At every trifle growl and fret i Where thoy with tenderneu should rale, They show their fierce, tyrannic powers, They even make a devil wild, But watt till they close earth's.gay hours They won't have women and youngsters to deal with said His Majesty. Some parents in their private talk, Are profuse with their children's praise. For the way they blow about their kids, I'd like to give them ninety days. They curse and swear, and blackguard too, With all their children roaud their knee, Which shows, at home each child's prepared To gain in life hell's first degree. Which is n piece of rope and a trap door said His Majesty, Some people hate a parson's voice, They think his preaching empty brag, With them religion must give place, To their much cherished weekly rag. You'd think by all their ysbber loud, No greater men the earth had seen. Their bunkum almost makes me mad The sappy fools so soft and green. But won't they make fine back-Iogs, said His Majesty. Tbe whims of fashion help my trade, And pretty fish thereby are caught, For beauty's daughters cast themselves Before this sonlless juggernaut. When fashion gives its crass decree, Fair woman falls a willing slave, Like some great serpent is its power, It charms them to an early grave. And their jewnllery will melt with me said His Majesty. Some women when they wed a man, Will make bim serve beneath her rule, Compared to the life he lives with her, The cells of Hades are nice and cool. He must not drink, he must not spend. He must her every word obey. He must get her this, he must get her that. He's her slave, poor wretch, both night and day. But she won't wear tbe brecches with me, said His Majesty. . - Some men have dear confiding wires, Aud soon forget each marriage vow, And but for law, I do believe, They'd yoke their wives into the plough, Tbe husband growl?, andblamcB his wife, For every ache and every pain, He's but a beast in human form, He growls, and frets, then growls again. He even raises my hatred for him said HiB Majesty. No mortal owns that he serves mc, He says my steps he ne'er will trace, Oh, hypocrites, I swear for them I will reserve the hottest place. What man will do to fellow man. AH for the sake of place or pelf. If all were known the world would stare, In fact I often blush myself. So something is pretty bad said His Majesty. There are some people in this world. Who give me knocks Jjptb deep and sore, And Christianity, use so well, They often pain me to the core. So now, good night, my worthy friend, Report correct this interview. When I get time, aud you get bushed, I'll spend another hour with vou. So remember me to your friends, said His Majesty. 