WHO POISONED GEORGE DEAN ? " I told you so !" " Always thought ho was guilty." " He has got it in his face." Judge Windeyer's clairvoyant faculties ate fully demonstrated. What Price the motion of censure now? Eeid didn't turn as white as a ghost when he heard of tho arrests. Neither did Jack Want. Want always goes fishing at the most important junctures, and he generally catches something of importance. Gcorgo Doan was guilty right enough. Sir Julian; But spito of that you'd part your stuff, Tho silly public to rebuff, Sir Julian ! You are the hero of tho hour Sir Julian ; Poor Eichard's lost his place and pow'c, Now don't be bitter, stern, or sour ir Julian. 'Twas right enough to spit it out, Sir Julian; i You've done your duty we've no doubt, The kind of bloke we read about, Sir Julian. Salomons was not the chap to save George Dean. N.S.W. has probably seen the last of re trial by Royal Commission. For the future, innocent or guilty, up they go. A certain Sydney phrenologist gave a private reading of Dean's character to the writer and a few friends just after the first trial. His dictum was : " If Dean- didn't try to poison his wifo, he i3 quite capable of doing so." Faces — to these who have tho gift of reading them— rarely lio. There may be a certain amount of rnad- noss — criminal mndnes3 — in the North Shore notoriety. There is probably an hereditary tendency to brain diseaso. Motiveless murders are not unknown in criminal sociology. Those who use poisons as a means of getting their victims out of the way often do so for tho most trivial reasons. As a matter of personal opinion from one who has studied crime and the criminal character to some extent, I believe that deliberate ir.urdor is fre quently a species of insanity. No one denies that crime committed in tho heat of passion is ofton the result of temporary dementia. At one time Italy went poisoning mad. Relatives poisonod relatives, and friends gleefully did for friends, and were " done for" in turn. Thore was quite a poisoning boom while it lasted. Those diabolical crimos wero committod by persons who had in many casos apparontly no other motivo than to be in tho fashion. Two things at loast have been cloarly established by the Dean farce. That those who want poison can always get it, in spite of an Act of Parliament. That public judgment is not worth a d n. If Mr. Justice Windeyor could cultivate a more gentle manner future expensive Royal Commissions might be avoided. Tho judge — although thoso who know him bost claim that be i3 not only thoroughly conscientious, but kind-hearted to a degree — has an unpleasant way of rubbing it in to thoso whom ho considers desorving of tho ' law's condemnation. Tho exorcise of logal severity towards those who have been " found guilty " is strictly in accordance with the spirit of our criminal code, and is a traditional part of Colonial judicial pro cedure. The spirit of tho ago is slightly more merciful. Talking of "sermons from the Bench," such a3 the one delivered in the Dean trial, recalls an incident in the career of tho late Judgo Wise. It was at Bathurst, and "Tho Old Man," one of Bon Hall's famous gang, had boen found guilty, and was brought in for sentence. The judgo bogan after the fashion of judges — to read tho condemned man a lec ture on the evil of his ways, when "Soe, horo, judge," shouted the prisoner in tho dock, " you jest stop that palaver and go on with yer sentence. I've clone all you say, and a lot rnoro, too. Drop yor jaw and let me get out of tho d d dook." Reynolds', who was huug in Darlinghurst Gaol for poisoning his wife at Newtown a few years ago, told the judge to "hurry up a.nd get it through." .The Reynolds wife poisoning case held some similar- features to that of Dean. Reynolds, a plastoror, came homo one ovoning from work. He wife was unsus pectingly getting her husband's tea ready. Reynolds, in a most mothodical manner, mixed up a quantity of "rough on rats," and compelled the wretched woman to swallow it. Then he laid down on the bed and watched his victim's agonies with devilish coolnesB. When he considered that the poiBon had done its work he got up and went out. The victim managed in her death throes to drag herself as far as a neighbor's doorstep, and there gasped out the awful Btory, Reynolds was arrested shortly aftorwards in a public- house near by, where he was calmly playing . cards and drinking beer. Ho was tried, convicted, and bun" without vouchsafing any motive for his diabolical deed. 