SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY Thia Story ia written from eihauative memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes, of the New York Police. CHAPTER XXXII. A BUBOLAB fob an hour. Nick was as quick as a cafe and as supple. Ho had worked up to that point with great care, knowing that tho Spaniard was as wily as a man c uld be, and it would only be by the moat carefully worked stratagem that he could throw him for an instant off his guard. But the plan worked. The instant that Navarro turned his head the detective bounded forward. Twelve feet was not much cf a leap for him, particularly when every muscle in his body had been preparing for the spring. ' Before Navarro could recover and raiBe his weapon Nick seiz'd him. With cne quick jerk he threw tho Spaniard upon the floor, and placed one knee upon his breast. “There!” ho said. “The tables are turned. It ia I, not you, who will make terms now." Navarro’s face was white with rage. Nick careful'y searched his captive for weapons,finding only a long slender dsgger, besides the revolver with which he had been so lately threatened. “ Now get up,” he said, rising h'mself. “You are no match for me, Milter Man, so take my advice and sit over there, aid keep quiet while I finish my work." Navarro rose slowly to hiB fett, and went to the chair indicated. “ Are you a detective F” “You bet I am; nno of tho bast kind, too. I detect where silver and gold and precious stoneB are kep*-, and then when T have found out, I go and get them. If I had given it to you straight about my business hera when you had tho drop on me you’d have shot me off-hand—"h ? Tbats why I told you the ghost story about tho detective businers. Sse ?" An expression of genuine relief crossed the fice of Manuel Navarro when Nick ceased speaking. But he only said— “ Yes. I think I would.” “Now,” said Nick, going still closer to him and holding the dagger uioomfo'tably near to the Spaniard’s throat, “ where are those diamonds f” “ What diamonds P” “ The ones I ctms here to get.” "OhI Then you expected to find dia monds up here, did you P ’ "Yes” " Bah 1 I have no diamonds in the house except the one on my finger. Do yon want that P Take it.” Niok pretended to look puzz'ed. “ I got it straight from my pal,” he said, “ that ycu had a lot here in this room.” I “Well, your pal liad to you.” “ Did he ? I’ll see about that ” Nick pressed the dagger still closer, until the point touched Navarro's neck. “Tell me where they are, or III hurt you,” be said. The Spiniord remained unmoved. “ If you should cut my throat,’’ he said, “ it would do you no good. I have nothing in this room of the slightest value.” “Oh, you haven't, ehP Well, you seemed to attach a lot of value to that roll of paper on the desk. 111 have a look at that before I go. Maybe I’ll take it with I me, and make you redeem it.” 1 " Do. It would give me an excellent chance to oatch you later cn.” " Anyhow, I'll iurt go through you.” He made no basts to search the p-cket where he believed that Navarro can isd the snake ring, hnt presently he reached it in his search, and found it—empty, except for the watch which had kept it company. For a moment he believed that N tvarro had found anoths r place in which to secrete the ring, but sb he was about. t> cess a in In his efforts to find it he felt the presence of another pocket behind the one he had been searching. ' It wa3 made of chamois skin, and was simp’y pinned to the gaimmt on the in ride. The deteotive very deftly removed it, and inside he found two rings—the one that Navarro had Bhown to him that after noon, and the one which Ch’ci had taken from Navarro’s pocket jin the Arlington Hotel the previous day. “ Humph 1” ho said. “ What are these ?” “ Binge,” replied N tvarro, sententiously. " So I see; not much good, either. This one may oe woith something, though,” he added, holding up the one which so greatly interested him. “I think 111 keep it, anyhow." Navarro shrugged his Bhoulders. “ How much do you think it’s worth P” he Eaid, “ Oh, a hundred, maybe.” "Tell ycu what 111 do,” said Niok. “ I’ll take these two rings and the watch. When you got ready to pay me an even thousand for the If S3 j ast put a line in the columns of the Star. “ Oh, yon needn't answer ” he continued, as Navarro still remained silent. “ I can wait, and watch the Star, tee, A new way of studying astronomy, eh P” “ I wish I had you where ycu were when I caught you here,” muttered Navarro, his eyes gleaming with rage, “No doubt—no doubt! But then yen haven't. See P" " I’m going now,” ho said. “ I’m going to look you in this room, and you cau ling the bell and have someone let you out when I am gone. Don’t forget that little fact about the thousand dollars and the Star." There was the regular leek in the door, below the Yalo lock that Navarro had caused to be put in, and as Nick stepped — • from the room and «losed the door behind him, he turned tho key on the outside, and hurried down the steps and cut into the street. As he gained the sidewalk he raised his eyes towards the windows of the room he had left Just as he did eo N warro threw np one pt the sashes. Then thero came a sadden flash and re port, and tho detective sank senseless npen the pavement. 