AUSTRALASIAN ITJIVIS. T'B Ihve stock export trade between South and West Australia continues to be large notwithstanding the allegation that the market is already overstocked. Nearly every steamer going westward takes from Port Adelaide a shipment of horned cattle and sheep. A Crimean veteran named John O'Keefe, 90 years of age, applied to the Hawthorn Bench on Tuesday for relief. He bore on his coat the val our badges for active services in the Crimes and Indian mutiny, and ex hibited to the Court the marks of wounds received during the various engagements. The Bench, on learn ing from the veteran that that day was the anniversary of the battle of Balaclava, granted him £1 from the poor-box. Just before the first dance at a ball at Greytown (N.Z.), the other night, a little terrier dog in the gallery be came excited at the tuning of the big bass fiddle, and made a bound over the railing of the gallery, landing with a bump amongst the musicians below. The dog lost all interest in the fiddle as soon as he struck the floor. As an instance of the vitality of wattle seed a case is reported from Victoria of seed remaining dormant for nearly 40 years. An allotment of land that was at one time in wattles was cleared, all the trees being de stroyed. After a lapse of well nigh 40 years the land was ploughed and otherwise worked,- when up sprang a Sthick crop of wattles. Friday, the 25th instant, is to be proclaimed a public and bank holiday in Victoria, that being the day on which Lord Brassey is to arrive and be sworn in. According to the Coolgardie 2iner, the loss to storekeepers by the late fire cannot be estimated under £100,000. The arbitration case in reference to the damage caused by the fire at Menz and Co.'s biscuit factory in South Australia has just concluded, the total amount allowed being £1805, while the claim was for £2324. Several gilded Jubilee shillings have lately been passed to Chinese and Assyrian vendors as sovereigns at Wellington (N.Z.) They are remark ably like the genuine sovereign, but of course much lighter. The Victorian railway traffic re ceiptsfor the 15 weeks of the financial year just expired are £26,977 less than for the corresponding term of 1894, but the Railway Commissioners do not anticipate that the falling off will continue at that rate. Speaking at a banquet given in his honour at Albany, Lord Brassey said: He had come with the intention of doing the best possible for Victoria and Australasia as a whole. He re ferred to the benefits of the Imperial Federation League, but said that he did not believe, although the British Navy had beenlately much increased, that there was any desire by public men at home that the Australian sub sidy should be increased; The colonies had provided largely for their own defences, and thus relieved the Smother country. If Australia effi ciently defended itself, it could not be expected to do more. Referring to Western Australia, Lord Brassey said that General Booth had made offers for the purchase of his Eticup Estate, but after consideration he did not think it best in the interest of the oolony to accept the offer. John Young, 37 years of age, has been arrested in Melbourne on a charge of embezzling 16s of the moneys of the Ironfounders' Trades Union of Victoria, of which he was formerly secretary. It is alleged that in 1894 Young received 16s contribu tions from Henry Scott, a member of the union. Scott died shortly after wards, and his widow claimed the £10 death allowance. Young asserted that the late member was unfinancial, and the books supported him. There was in them no record of the payment of the 16s. Had there been the member would have been financial. The widow was able to satisfy the society, and she received the amount of the death allowance. Young was asked for an explanation of the matter, and failing to give one the society decided to cause his arrest. Thomas Palmer stands remanded in Adelaide on a charge of stabbing a man named Millies in Franklin-street on Tuesday. Millis was unable to appear to give evidence. It is officially announced that an agreement has been arrived at between the Bank of New Zealand and the Colonial Bank of New Zealand as to amalgamation, though a few details have yet to be settled. At the Melbourne Criminal Couit Alfred John Ball, a middle-aged man, employed in the Black Prince Hotel, Curzon-street, North Melbourne, was charged with having committed an in decent assault on a girl 10 years of age named Margaret Mary Allison on the 14th September last. The jury brought in a verdict of guilty, and the prisoner was remanded for sen tense. William Steele has been fined £10 in Brisbane for carrying liquor on board the steamer Lady Muegrave without a license. During the past two or three days credence has been given by the small boys of Port Adolaide and the neigh bourhood to a story that a ghost is abroad after nightfall within the dise? trict. It is not known how the rumour originated, but the tale has spread with remarkable rapidity, and there is a notable absence after dark of youngsters from the principal streets where they had been accustomed to play. The captain of the steamer Lorna Doone has been fined £1 for carrying explosives on the Brisbane River. The Melbourne police on Wednes day arrested a man named Cooper, uaid to be-a Sydney spieler, on a eharge of false pretences. Last week two residents of Korumburra, ae quainted with Noakes, a Sydney bookmaker, received a telegram signed Billy Noakes, Grand Hotel, Melbourne, asking them to wire up £5 and £2 respectively to put on a certain horse. Believing that Mr. Noakes was over for the races, they wired the money, which was drawn from the money-order office. On Monday one of the victims came to Melbourne, and discovered that Mr. Noakes had not arrived. The swindle was reported, and Cooper arrested. A large number of Brisbane subur ban shopkeepers have been fined £1 each for having sold tobacco and cigars without having a license. There was eager competition for town lots at Coolgardie on Tuesday, the amount realised being close on £30,000. 