MY THREE STRANGE DREAMS. Propound the query, " Are there ghosts?" to 100 adult people, as you come to tliem in turn, and ninety-five will return a prompt negative. Propound the query, " Is there anything in dreams ?" to 100 adults, and it is doubtful if one-fifth of them will reply in the negative. Indeed, it may safely be asserted that at least ninety-five adults out of every hundred the world over have had dreams which were wholly or in part fulfilled. It isn't so very wonderful that the mind should refuse to sleep with the body, and should wander away from it into strange realms ; but *' having dreams " and " seeing ghosts " are placed so nearly on a level by scoffers that one fears to own to a dreaui which lias come true. And yet 95 per cent, of us believe in dreams, whether we admit it or not. In my time I have had three remarkable dreams. While 110 more remarkable than hundreds of others given to the public. I would ,not give them here except they had once been publicly talked about, criticised, and shown to be remarkable. The first occurred when 1 was eleven years of age. At that time my father sold his farm in Lorain County, Ohio, and purchased another on the banks of the Ohio River, about twenty miles below Cincinnati. This was in the spring of 1852. I had a felon on my foot—what is called a • 4 frog felon "-- when we moved, and was not able to be out of the house for two weeks. There was another period of ten or twelve days, in which I had to use a crutch. The back end of our farm touched the river, and was quite heavily wooded. I wanted to go down there, boy-]ike, but was not yet able to do so, when I fell asleep on the lounge in the sitting-room one afternoon and had this dream. I dreamed of seeing two men on the liver in a skiff One was a heavy-set villainous-looking fellow with close-cropped hair and whiskers. The other was a lighter and younger man, with biack hair and a moustache. One had on a cap, and the other a hat. The older man had a large silver ring on a linger of the right hand, and 1 e was using the oars. The name of the boat was the Gem. Had I been wide awake and looking at the two men and the boat from a distance of five feet 1 could not have seen tbem more clearly. What seemed queer to me in my dream, however, was the fact that I could not hear their voices. I saw their lips move, but I eou'd not catch their tones. The men stood landed in the mouth of a creek, where their boat was hidden by the bushes. When they stepped ashore they carried an old- fashioned carpet bag between them. They walked away from the river into the timber until they came to a tree wli ; ch had been turned up by the roots. The cavity thus made was full of dead leaves, and in this place they hid the bag. Then they locked about to fix the location, and, after a few minutes, returned to their boat and rowed away. They were crossing the riv°r when mother called to me and broke my eUep and the dream. I told her what I had seen, but she laughed at it. When father came in I told hirn, and he was at once interested. He said there was a creek just as I had described, and he believed he had noticed an uprooted tree, and he promised to go to tlie spot next moining. He was called away, however, and three days later, and during his absence, I limped out into the woods. I found the creek without trouble, and thence I went straight to the upturned tree and found the bag. Everything looked as familiar to me as if I had seen it before. The satchel was not only there, but it was so heavy that I could not lift it. I returned to the house and told mother, and we took a hand sled down, and in that way conveyed it to the house. There we opened it and found two bags containing four hundred Mexican silver dollars each, together with silver knives, gpoons. and forks, and some costly jewellery. Father came home that night and at once notified the Sheiiff, and then we learned that the plunder was the result of two burglaries in Cincinnati. A detective came down to see us. He was a hard head, who wouldn't believe in anything he couldn't see, but he had to go down before my dream. My description of the men tallied with that of two feliows under suspicion, and a watch was at once placed at the mouth of the creek. It was ten days before the men returned, and were taken into custody, and they had not been under arrest an hour when they confessed to the robbery. The detective hated to give in to the dream theory, and I think he went away believing thai I was out in the wood and saw the men land. I could not have walked there, and mother was in the room all the time I lay sleeping. It was exactly as I have t il I you, and the jeweller sent me down one hundred of those big silver dollars to show his gratitude at my recovering 2,000 dollars worth of his property. About three years later I went to visit an aunt in Eastern Kentucky. It was near a hamletof half-a-dozen houses, and, of course, I soon knew all the people. Four or five miles away lived an old bachelor who was known as a hermit. He was then fffty years old, lived all alone, and people said he had money buried under his fireplace. lie dressed in rags and went barefooted, and was always a subject of remark. My aunt hai a farm about a mile and a half from the town, and one afternoon, as I was returning home after making some purchases at a store, a man, who sat in a fence corner, called me over to him, and asked if I knew the hermit. I told him what I knew and he seemed much interested and observeJ— " I think he is my brother George, who left home 80 years ago, and has not been heard of since." I was a green country boy, and lie hud no difficulty in pumping me to his heart's content. I remembered afterwards of his asking if it wasn't reported that the hermit had money, and of my replying that our hired man said he had thousands of dollar* hidden away. He asked if I had ever been to the hermit's place, whether he was known to have a gun, and other questions which bad no great interest for me until several days afterwards. When I went home, I told the folks about meeting the stranger, but the matter elicited little comment, and it was not in my mind when I went to bed. I slept with the hired man. I was asleep, and had been for an hour, when he came to bed. I was a!.-o asleep when lie turned out in the morning. Now, then, thatnight I had my second singular dream. Mind you, I had never been to the hermit's place nor heard it described. All at once I found myself in front of his little log house, and I knew that it was his. The place locked poverty poor. 1 noticed the single window in front, a leach i'.i the yard, an old scythe hauging up in a tree, a grindstone with its face broken, and a path leading back to a spring. I was surveying the pla?e when I heard loud and angry voices in the house and eaw a light at the window. I climbed over the pole fence and looked in. The hermit was down on his knees, and a man sto'id over him with a club. '! hey were talking, but L could not hear what they said. That is, while their lips moved, no sound reached my ears. I understood, however, that the man was the stranger I had met down the road that day. He was after the hermit's money, and was threatening his life. By-andby, seemingly out of patience, the stranger gave the hermit a blow on the head which laid him out. Just at that moment the clock inthecnb'n struck 11. The man stood for a moment, looked around him as if startled, and then began rummaging. He took the bed** first, but found nothing. 1 hen he hauled everything out of an old chest, looked into a cupboard, and, befng still unsuccessful, he went to the door for a spade leaning against the logs. With this he pried up the hearth stones, but no money was to be found. Then he searched the body, and brought to light a purse with a email amount of silver in it. I could see that he was greatly put out ov-r this failure, for he kicked the bodv at his feet several times, and 4 slammed things around with heavy hand. I think he meant to fire the place, for he was emptying the straw out of the bed when eome noise outside alarmed him. He started up, looked wildly around and after a minute passed out doors. He came within three feet of me, and I saw blood on his bands. He ran to the fence, sprang over, and was soon lost on the highway to the north. The first thing I did after getting my clothes on in the morning was to tell my aunt and the hired man. The latter had been to the hermit's place, and he was well aware that I had not. He began to sneer as I started to relate my dream; but when I began to describe things as he knew they existed, he took a horse and rode over to see a constable. The officer came and heard my story, and then the two rode to the hermit's place and found everything as related. The hermit was at first supposed to be dead, but a closer examination developed faint signs of life, and the doctor who was sent for succeeded in restoring consciousness after a couple of days. It was to find, however, that the hermit, never more than half-witted, was now clean dbft. Meanwhile the Sheriff and his officers were at work. There wasn't a railroad or telegraph line within a hundred miles of the place, but an alarm was sent out by the stage routes and by all travellers, and in about a week the would-be murderer was caught. He had not travelled over 30 miles. In my dream I saw blood on his han4g. It was his own blood. In ransacking the house he cut his right hand severely on some object, and this had not healed when he was arrested. All the evidence against the man, who called himself John Hillsop, was circumstantial, and very lean circumstance at that. I had met him on the highway, and he had enquired about the hermit, as I have related. Curiously enough, no one else had seen him. The Sheriff believed the man guilty, however, and gave him to understand that the son of the hermit's nearest neighbor had witnessed the while affair. 1 was taken to the gaol to confront him. He was sullen and defiant, but as I charged him with the crime, and detailed the circumstances, he broke down and confessed. While he was being held to await the death or recovery of his victim he died of typhoid fever in gaol. My evidence, based on a dream, would not have counted for a feather in Court, and, although he had confessed the crime, a smart lawyer could have cleared him had he lived. The third, dream occurred on the night of the 17th of June, 1872. I was then at Laredo, Texas, having arrived two days before. I was in bad health, and had been in bed most of the two days, stopping at the house of my broiiirr. On this night 1 dreamt that I was abroad in the night on a lonely highway on foot. I noticed a grove of trees, several turns in the road, two or three ranch-houses, and other 1 tilings ; and by-and-by I saw a light on the prairie ahead of me and off to the right. I left the road to approach it, 'and as I drew near I saw a man sleeping under his blanket, while his horse was t icketed near by. I stood gazing at the sleeper when two men came creeping up, and one of them raised an axe and brought it down with all force on the victim's head. I saw him quiver and straighten out, and then the murderers proceeded to go through him. They took his watch and money, saddled his horse, and then rode oft' on their own, leading the extra one. Before going they covered the dead man with his blanket. I perceived that they were talking, but not a word could I hear. As aa offset, however, my vision was very acute. I saw that the watch had a gold hunting case, and that the revolver they took had a pearl handle with silver arrows let in on the sides. I had started to follow the men when some noise awoke me, and I found the house astir and breakfast going. I at once atked my brother to send for the Sheriff, and when that official came I inquired— " Is there a highway running out of here on which there is a grove of trees to the right, just before you come to the ranch-honse ?" ii " There is," he promptly answered. 1 That is the one leading towards Corpus Christi." ' Beyond this the road bends to the left 7" ' It does." ' And after a bit there are two more houses .'" Yes. sir; they belong to Dutch farmers." ' And then comes a long stretch of prairie ?" " Yes." And a quarter of a mile off the road to the right you will find the body of a murdered man." He did not scoff at my dream. OD the contrary, he seemed much impressed. When he a«k< ; d me to describe the men, I said— ' One had long black hair, long whiskers, black eyes, a large nose, and one corner of his mouth was drawn up." " That's 1 exas Joe to a dot!" he exclaimed. " The other was dark, had high cheekbones, a moustache, very white teeth, and lie lifted his eyebrows when speaking." Th at s Mexican Jim, Joe's partnei, and it's a piece of their bloody work." : He started at once for the scene oi t lie crime, which was about eight milee away, but he had not gone halfway when he met men bringing the body in. • The murderers had crossed the Rio Grande, and they were never taken for the crime, but within a week the Sheriff got hold of the watch and pistol which they sold, and there could be no longer any doubt that my dream was authentic in al.l details. The reader may scoff, as men will, at the mysterious, but I have given facts. 