^parting. SPORTING NOTES. [BT Tabqoin.] Theannoanoement published in the Regitttr •atly in the week that the S. A. J. Club had completed the purohase of the Morphettville Gourmn matt be considered highly gratifying in every cease of the word. It affords abnn danb proof that since Jann&ry;, 1889, the sport has advanced by leaps and bounds. Not only have the premier olub been able to subscribe substantial stakes and inoor heavy expenditure in improvements, but they have in the short spaoe of five years flourished to suoh an extent that they are in'a position now to pay £12,000 (or the privilege of semiring the fee-simple of auah a valuable property as Morphettville. There is no denying (he fact that this satisfac tory position of affairs could not have been realized without the totalizator. Certainly the management of the club's affairs has been excellent, bub without the machine horseracing would practioally have been extinot in South Australia to-day. The first raoe meet . ing held at Morphettville was in May, 1876, when Impudenoe won the Adelaide Cup for Mr; Gabriel Bennett. The course was then held on leare from Sir Thomas Elder at peppercorn rental by the original South Australian :Joclcey Olub, who subsequently pur ohaced it from the worthy Knight for, I believe, the small sum of £1,913. Having erected extensive improvements, they mortgased it for £6,000, and from this point their troubles began. Somehow or the other the balance-sheets showed a debit balance instead of a credit, and when Parliament repealed the Totalizator Bill matters got from bad to worse, the faroe of running the Adelaide Cap in Melbourne being enacted, To cot a long story short, the Mortgage Compaoyforeolosed, and disposed of Morphettville to Messrs. Sylvester Browne, T. F. Wigley, and K. B. PeU, and the olub became extinct. Unfortunately the members of the committee who had done their best to keep the oonoern "going" were called upon by the Commercial Bank to pay off the overdraft which they had rendered themselves liable for by their guarantee. The Hon. R. C. Baker (tfee Chairman of the presents. A.J.a), Mr. William Pile, and Sir , Thomas Elder had eaoh to contribute £500, while Mr. W. B. fiounsevell had to pay £100. Though the present South An* tralian Jockey (Slab is a different organization, would it not be a graceful aot on the part of its members to refund these amounts generously subscribed ? From 1885 to September, 1688, there was no South Australian J pokey Club, and racing in the colony had reached its lowest ebb. We were without the totalizator for five years, but in September of 1888 the maohine was again legalised, and steps were at onoe taken to reform the S.A.J.O. A meeting was convened by Mr. A. O. Whitingtonat the instigation of a number of gentlemen interested in racing, at which the Hon. B. O. Baker occupied the chair. The gathering wm m enthusiastic one, and the first resolution, submitted by Mr. W. B. BounseveU, seoanded by Mr. P. F. Boutin, was " that it -is desirable to form a new'racing club, and that the name of it be the South Australian Jockey Club.'"' A strong provisional Committee was "appointed to arrange the details, and in their report to a subsequent meeting they recommended that the first committee be the Hon. &. 13. Baker, Messrs. W. B. Kouneeveli, T. P. Wigley, W. PUe, H. Chambers, •P. h\ BonUio, and J. A. fillery. Five of these gentlemen are at present members of the S. A. J.O. Committee. - Mr. Bonnin resigned on account of ill-health, while Mr. Chambers has been removed by death. Mr. Whitington, who had the formation of the olub in hand, Was, of oourae, elected Secretary. My • predecessor wrote in the Beguter of September 14,1888—" Without doubt this gentleman ib the most suitable man in the colony to fill "the "office. He has a most thorough knowledge of the duties of a racing Secretary, while he also understands all the details connected with the working of the totalizator. Mr. Whittngton is not an extravagant manager by any means, and there is no fear > of the new olub incurring heavy liabilities at the outset of itssareer." That Mr. Whitington has more than answered the high expectations then formed of him has been abundantly .proved by the results a6hieved to date, and it would be ungracious in an artiole of this kind not.to recognise the .undoubted ability and energy he has displayed in prosecuting the onerous duties of Secretary of the premier Glob. The original lease secured by the presents. A. J. C. from Messrs. Brosrne, Wigley, and Fell mm for lour years, and at the expiration of that term the olub had to deal with Mr. Browne alone, he having purchased the interests of Messrs. Wigley and Pell. They seoored a'fnrtlier extension for five years, at an annual rental of £900, with the right of purchase at any time within that period for £12,009, and this right the olub \save now exercised. When we come to consider thq figures, it will atoncebeaoncededthat Morpettville is a valuable property, and that "the prioe paid was by no means an extravagant one. The original club expended £L2,000 in draining and improving it, Mr. Browne spent £3,000, and the present 3. A. J.C. have inourired an outlay of over £3,000, Those who patronised the oourse years ago can see for themselves'the important changes that have been effected to date, and it is unnecessary therefore to ncapi jtnlate them. It ia now one of the most 'complete courses in Australia, "and the' entire racing community will join in heartily congratulating the S.A. J.O. on owning the.property. Excellent aooeptanoea wetereoeived by Mr. Von Doussa last night for the Oakbank Meeting,-and a successful day's raoing on Easter Monday is assorted. Twenty-five have oried content in the Hurdle Raoe, inoluding the Victorians Apeley, Bill, Bingara, Comrade, and Associate, and as Apeley was ooupled with Alioe yesterday for a Substantial sum be may be reckoned upon ae-'i starter; and he •will be very, hard to beat into the bargain. Brewer has left both Assosiatested Bingara in. The latter was beaten again in Melbourne on Thursday. Bill is expeoted toleafe Victoria shortly, and as Griffiths has paid up tor King Orry in the Cnp it may be inferred that he will be represented by Comrade in the Hurdles. Of the absentees there is hardly one who will be missed by backers. The solitary exception is, perhaps, Carlton, and his retirement from both this event and the Cup was compulsory, as he has developed a "leg." There are twenty-two remaining in the Great Eastern Steepleohase, lu which the sister colony presents a formidable front. Dondi will do duty on behalf of Mr. Chirntide, while Baltoro is to take Bosaoo's plaoe. Mr. Miller has apparently changed his mind about making the trip, as XSlfie is still in, and, I understand, she is pretty spre to (some if she does not inonr a penalty at Caalfield to-morrow. Waterloo will aooompany Apsley, and we may also see Tajforth. As anticipated, the aoaident Courtier met with put him out of court, while neither Torrent, Reckless, Evergreen, nor Elastic will be misBed. Of the twenty-seven in the Onkaparinga Cnp, King Orry, Brilliant, Carlton, Maroon, Danebury, Leeway, -and Little Maid bail from Victoria. Not one of the local contingent of any note have retired, and there promises to be out of the largest fields on record. The betting market on the Onkaparinga Meeting on Thursday was fairly lively, though the transactions were principally confined to doublet. The jumping events naturally engaged the most attention, and two aombinaliou* that were supported for lance anms were Apeley and Alice, and Associate and Waterloo. During the day 100 to 10 was accepted about Dondi, while 200 to 16 was written on behalf of Alioe. After the acceptances earns to hand last night, the Aotress was quoted at 8 to 1 for *h»» Steeplechase, • while 10 to'l was offered on the field for the Hurdle . Raoe. The following include the Imbues* transacted:—Hurdles and Steeplechase—800.to 16 Apsley and Alice, 509 to 10 Associate and Waterloo, 500 to 10 Associate and Alice, 500 tp 7$ Syllabus and Dondi, 700 to 7 Minstrel Boy and Waterloo, 500 to 5 Ensign and All Fours, 600 to 5 Bill and Sneaker, 300 to S Syllabus and Waterloo. 300 to 3 Bingara and The Actrese, 300 to 3 Jaok Sprat and All Fours, 300 to 2 Barter and Sneaker. Cup and Hills Railway Stakes— 200 to 4 Kirk by and The Idler. There were sixteen yesterday left in the Hopetoun Qup, which is to be run at Fleming, ton, on •Saturday. Idolater and Moss Boss, who filled the places behind Iolanthus in the HopetounHaadicapf have praotioally the same imposts again, and they must be adjaoent. .Steadfast, however, won the Brunswick Stakes of the same distance so comfortably this month with 8 st. 3 lb. that with 8 st. 91b. on his bsofc now he will have to be reckoned with, and in spite of her weight Bessie McCarthy will tender a good account of herself. If I had to pick a ooupleto supply the winner they would be SUadfatt and Idolater. f With £3,837 passing through the totalizator J and afair attendance, the Port Club must have pulled through all right on Saturday. The judging fiasoo was a matter for regret, as, had it not been for the assistanae of outsiders, an D injustice might in one instance at any rate have been done to the winning owner. The errors at the Port should convince Mr. Young and his committee of the absolute necessity which exists for the appointment of a competent man is the box. Any one can fulfil P S euoh an office until there is a close finish, and then the trouble commences. The position of Judge is about tbfi most important in conneotion with the sport, and it T F behoves all oar leading clubs to secure capable BT officers. The innovation of the Trial Stakes O with certain oonditions has certainly found favour with owners. The fact that twentyone candidates presented themselves as not having won a stake of 30 sovs. for two years furnishes proof that owning racehorses is not suoh a rosy game, and consequently our olubs should afford raoing men every enoouragament by subscribing liberal stakes. In the Trial Stakes the Port plub gave away 40 sovs.. and they received in entrance-fees £31 10s. Successor has been a long while breaking the ioe. His form early in the season warranted those conneoted with him believing that he was capable of sooring, but until Saturday he always failed. He is very well now, and credit is due to Tommy Burn, his trainer, to whom the colt's double success must have been particularly gratifying. After Sir George had come to grief on the flat in the Hurdle Race nothing had the ghost of a chance with Minstrel Boy, who jumped .well, sod showed a bit of paoe. With 7 lb. off his baok he has undoubted claims for consideration in the Onkaparinga Hurdle Raoe, as he will be suited by the Journey. The finish in St. Patrick's Handicap was the best ever witnessed on the Port Course. At the same time it was pretty clear that Germaine had just squeezed home from The Merry Girl, who ran unkindly in the hands of the stable lad Hill put on her. Ensign flattered his Onkaparinga back«n to an extent, and a; he knows how to get over the small sticks he must be labelled dangerous on Easter Monday. The less said about the Steepleohase the better. The Wilpena party thought they bad a good thing, and they oame at it accordingly. The chestnut gelding .won comfortably enough, but for the last mile he only had Secretary to deal with, and though the old fellow plodded along manfully, it was evident he had lost his pace. The display of Cuttlefish was certainly not encouraging, but ha will be more at home at Oakbank. and he must not be discarded on account of his failure on Saturday. The North-Western Jookey Ciub'a meeting will be commenced at Port Pirie to-morrow. The Adelaide horses nominated have dropped out, but I believe Griffin has gone up with the Western Australian representative, Happy Jack, who is engaged in the Flying Handioap, and Danbybide may be given a run in the Trial Stakes. Hadgkins and Peter Hiokey have mounts at the meeting, and some of the oity fielders will be in evidence. Morgan may piok up the Trial Stakes, while Sunflower may experience most danger from Parnell in the Hurdle Raoe. The Rival. Fairfield, and HZ may fill the places in the North-Western Handicap as named ; while Middlesex should take some beating in the Flying Handicap. The full programme is published elsewhere. The weights for the Adelaide Cup, Goodwood Handicap, First Hnrdle Race, and Steepleohase at the S. A.J.O. Autumn Meeting will be published by Mr. Hughes on Monday morning before 11 o'clock. No less than four of the eight youngsters who took part in the Federal Stakes at Oanlfield on Saturday are engaged in the S. A. J.O. Sooth Australian Stakes. They are Melema (the winner), Gehenna, Freda, and Katinka, and unless the bold front Auraria presented at Flemington last spring has frightened their owners, the quartette may it in an appearance at Morphettville. S elema is by Splendour from Minuet, a sister to Melodious, while Freda is a half sister to Loyalty by Maxim. KatinVa is a full sister to Azim and The Rebel, while Gehenna's close relationship to Quality is well known. Auraria and Thunderer stand out as the pick of the local lot, but they will encounter opposition in Birksgate and Successor, and the raoe consequently promises to be of more than ordinary interest. ' Mr. Wilkinson, who framed the weights for the Sydney Cup, has considered Carnage 31b. superior to Havoo over two miles, while Mr, Dakin in the Hopetoun Cup was of the opinion that Havoo was able to concede the chestnut 5 lb. over a mile and a quarter. The Harvester reads well at 8 st. 12 lb. considering that he ran third in the Australian Cup with 8 at. 6 lb. when not oherry ripe and that he subsequently soored in the Champion. Havoo is now called npon to meet bim on 11 lb. worse terms, and be will require to be at bis very best to finish in front of him again. It is on the cards, ho wever, that as Mr. Wilson thinks the Australian Oup winner is badly treated, he will rely upon Nada, and at 7 st. 9 lb. ehecertainly reads very tempting. With 7 li she was third in the Melbourne Cup, and she oarned 7 st. 13 lb. into second plaoe in the BagotHandioaponNew Teat's Day. Tara- •aki and Blameystone at 8st. 2 lb. and 8 st. 101b. respectively, have claims for consideration, but the winner may come from The Harvester or Mr. Wilson's best. The pen has been put through the name of Dreamland. 