RELIGIOUS SERVICES. FOREST STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.—The Rev Mr Ditterich, one of the newly stationed ministers occupied the pulpit at the above chruch on Sunday morning. He took as his to It Gbnosib, 4ist dhiplor, 4lab vorso ( the eubjoefc boln'gv'tho oobcot of tile gccatnosB of Joseph and the consideration of'Josoph ns a (ypa al:GhrtfltC AbTttho foundation o£ the J arid at tbo root of all bin vlrtub and greatness there was one underlying principle, Tills was bio stern,' uncompromising fidelity to the voice of oonsoienoo, wbloh was the secret,, of all true-, virtuo. Never was this more clearly shown than In bis answer’to the tempters,How can I sin against God and d6 this wickedness? Thera svaa no virtue in an aol unless It was. dono for virtue’s sake, but the foundation of nil Individual and national greatness WftO hearkening to tho vdldo ~bf oonaotdndo and asking, “Will, il ploaao God?" Passing to tho oonsidoration of Joseph ns a typo of the Lord Joeus Christ, ho remarked that In the first plnoo bla sufferings were brought upon him through his faithful witness against sin. Joseph saw bla brothers’ Immorolity, and for 1 protesting against It ho was haled, thrown Into tho pit and sold for a slave. Christ os mo into tho world and hia heavenly splendour and righteousness in comparison with the character of the men of his time, laid hare tbolr hypocrisy and pvll deeds. As a consequence lio was token prisoner, scourged and cruolflod. They wduld.fina it hod boon the. same, over since and still was i tho same, that if a man sot his : fncO vigorously against what was wrong and bad bo would ho laughed at, persecuted and perhaps smitten. The ro« suits of the Bufferings ivoro similar, Joseph’s brethren did not know that their wickedness was to bo used as a means of .exalting him. If they had not sold him for a slave would ho have boon ruler ot Egypt? And if Christ had not boon crucified wqiild flln blood have boon the atoning ppwer ot.. tbo, world? But they abuld'not say that'God had ordained thoao evils for n good end. Mon tried to raise their puny arms against God’s power, and ho tufnod their own weapons against thorn’, ' Out” of tho stumbling blocks which they laid in (ho way ho made tho foundation of Hie King dom. In the next place Joseph was a typo of Christ in his exaltation. One day lying in tho ditoh mid in' prison with ins head in danger, tho next seated On Pharoah’s throne in Pharoah’s chariot, tho mightiest. man in the-mightiest kingdom *of tho then known world., Tho Lord Jesus Christ was ono day buffoltod by cruel fists; mookod hy biting., tongues; wiokod hands drove tho nails through His palms and feet, and tho brutal spear pierced His side. Tho next day saw. Ilim exalted to he jirinoo ot peace, the saviour of . mankind; given a name before which .every knoo shall how and every konguo confess (hat Josne Christ is Lord., The preacher next showed Joseph ns a typo! of Christ in bis bostowmont of favors, and im conclusion asked them to. compare tho present Christ with tho Christ before whom all must; stand at the last day, Now Ho goes about, amongst tho people: in ■ Bis rjgbt hand isi pardon, In the loft poaoo, and in His hosrt : moroy and forgiveness. Those to whom His; word is preached have tbo option of receiving! or rejecting Him. Some oruoify Him again andj put. Him to shnmo. They hoar tho invitation* with indifference, but ono day the judgment; would oomo. It would bo their own fault en-i tiroly if ono day they stood knocking at the door of heaven and received tho answer, “1. know you not,” for God bad done all Hist part, and it only remained for thorn to accept 1 His offer ot salvation through Jesus Christ.: Tho Rev E. Nonlo preached in the evening from Psalms vlii- versos, 3, 4- ; Primitive Methodist Ciidrohes.— The; anniversary'services in connection with the; Buckley street Primitive Methodist Church; wore hold on Sunday, In the morning tho Rev. D. Provan of the Rowan street Church, preached a most eloquent sermon to a large congregation. In the afternoon at three o’clock tho Rev A-B Rofo of tbo Congregant tional Cburoh, Forest street, occupied tho pulpit, and his remarks wore attentively lis tened to by a numerous congregation. Tho evening service was conducted by the Rev J A Osborne, who look bis text from tho Bong of Solomon, 1st Chapter,4th verso, “ Wo will remember thy love.” After a few intros ductory remarks concerning (ho song,of wbloh those words wore a portion, the rev gentleman spoke of tbo nnliiro and design of tbo lovo of God, They wore suitable words to address to Him “who loved ua and gave Himself (or as." Referring to the lovo which is to bo romem*. bored, ho said it was a Divine love. What a blessed thought it is that God loves. Ho not only preserves us and shows us mercy, hub Ho loves us. Heathens speak of the severity of tboh: Gods, but oiirs is a God who can love us. Wo should over mniofcain a remembrance of the lovo of God. la John m, 16, we are told that “God so loved tho world that Ho gavo His only begotten son that whosoever boliovolh on Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” And in Ephesians Paul tolls us that Christ loved tbo church and gavo Himself for it. Hence wo remember God’s lovo to tbo world and to the church. These are not synonymous terms, though the church is included in tbo world. As the bridegroom loves the bride more than the cirolo from which bo oboso her, so God specially loves Hia own. people..We remember His lovo to us as wo romombor tbo lovo to out* own family circles. Others may bo our friends or neighbors, but those our relatives have loved'uS with a particular love. God loves tho church with a complacent pleasur able and delightful love, and tho world of, sinful or fallen men with a lovo whoso char acter is benevolence and pity. - Lovo is mani fested by giving. The full manifestation of tbo lovo ot God was when Christ; came. Wo will remember tho lovo of God with rospeot to its design. A world sank in sin and misery shall not perish hut have everlasting life. Ik is impossible to describe or tell either tho negative or positive of this truth, tho awfulness of perishing or tho glory ofotornal life. Tbo dosign of God’s lovo is not only tho salvationof men from ruin but tho sanctification of-the,, individual members the cburoh. Tho preacher mentioned the reciprocal nature of tho text,; “ JYe- will,-re-! member thy love.” Tho citoot of tho remera brapoe of God’s lovo -should; enable j usf to, bate sin, also Jo;cbrofort us.in-Arial oi'-aorrow, and in tbo cburoh enable us to work for God| and souls, Borao have forgotten tbo lovo of; God and those bo invited to remember tho J •lovo of God, At the-Rowan strbefruhurch-tho services in tho morning woro under tho; direction ot Mr J, P. Dunstan, End! in tho; evening Mr Farmer preached.In’ the Wade; street ohuroh Mr Farmer preached' in the, morning and Mr- Viokbrs in the evening. , “ Mission Work in Travancorb.!"—Mrs I Hamer, a returned missionary , from . India, redd an address on this 'subjediTat. tlio, Con gregational Church nipg ot her addros8 ;Mcs 'HameEvieald', shb would like to arouse., tho.jntorost, of /tho.yo.ur»g • people, ospooially. the ; young mbo;.Jn mission i work. ' Throughout India to- day tho quostioni was being asked,• Whore orb She wanted to interest them 1 " in-‘(the-native j State of Trovancore, in 'tbsi» soutfr’hf. •. whore the London Mission Society bWpno of : its most successful'missibns; The native rdlor: helped tbo mission work as much as ho could. Mbs Hamer gave an interesting'account other 80,-milo journey to-the scene, of her;labors itr a bullock conveyance a 1 o n gavery. Indiffooont ‘ road. She was nervous, she said,,, bn account of tho robbers who infested tho way, but she, arrived safe, The English wore so feared by tho natives that they would, commit no rob bery’ on English people,bub tho great-quantity, of jewellery with which - the natives adorn, thoir bodies offers a great temptation to; thieves. She gavo a very encouraging account . oJC tho oonditibn of Trovancdrd. They had a largo djureh 1 ', thorp persons,. and ; which supported its /-owiT pastor. There wore 105 sohools, 50'ODO/mtiyd; Christians, and 4000 scholars. During tho' post two years she bad opened.22 sohools in different Tillages.' Tho last Primp Minister of, tho State had encouraged this work, hut un*' fortualely his sucoossor hold-exa'ckly i opposite ; principles,-and owing to the changed policy tho Govcrninenb sho bad , run “into 'debt.' Shb had' now an adverse b'afandd-d( i! ovbr ‘700' rupees, but having alreivdy spent so much on theso schools iflljo . vybuld bo sarry to oloso; them. Shb made an urgent appeal for funds' to carry on .thoso sohools, which byoduoatipg tbo young roon gave a wonderful impetus, 'to tho spread qf tho gospeli A village school for 80 pupils oquld bo carriod on;for., £3ta,,.year. Mrs Hamer gavo an entertaining description* of some native customs, and rotated incidents of her visits to, different parts of her mis- - sionary area. On- .Tuesday Can'd Wednesday evenings she will conduct two drawingroom 1 mootings at Mrs J, !i B. Young’s residence in Valentino street and Mip 8. Vyobb’s in. Quarry'Hill. During, the Allen i Bindley sang “Iho M6d'el CfiurchT’' , ! EAaLBHAWK;BlBLB .CHRISTIAN i jClIUROH* — i! The anniversary of this. o'WrolT'was colas! braked on Sunday, when the Rev Warren; groaohod^three - excel! on t-..sqrmqns;. toj -tiargoj “ In tho morning be took as'bis' -text, L Thossalonfans>lsb;; .ahapter, Sth.'Vnrse; “.Foe our.gospel came not unto-you in word only, but also in I Ghost and in mueh ossuranoe.” In the after- I nfoon an exoollent r disoourse > was-'doUvored ' from) Dan iqj.jird 1 versos. Miss MoKoand played the organ, and' 1 5QKff6hqir„liihd6r,, ?Mr :,3. ?.AlbbVtptVenaorod !spM[ol musio at oaoh sorvloo, : ; pi. the" . Sunday school of the United Frco Mpthodlsf Ghurcb, Galvin .street, wag oelo-< braMMBUBnndBy. : Tho Rer J.-Au -Wo8taoDlt? % largo'Soongroga-; salvation of Gbar 0 *'''Ftom y theBp - wprds the] preacher drew a limol when tbo goapol'^bdld ,;1 bo univorsallyj a11 would hp ! urge on i latter day glory/ .which was doming by prayer, sympathy, hoIyJiviogcand.ilihsraUty,, Tho Rbv J. A, O«borno ptwohoA In th« afternoon and (ho R«v B; Trobiloook lo (ibo evening. Tho Bundaysohool priM? wore distributed ns follows Ot tW'aftorpopn,S.ervipo. Sonfpr olns4, girl*— W. Loudao. l , B g»«* «; bo.wan, 3. Spool.!, JL Willie Special oJms—A, Hooking, 1; A. OWpo, 2 Senior olM*, Elnnor, ;!} Samuel Ennor, 2;;Frod Gooklf, 3 Sbsdial 'J. Wallet. First 'Alow. Webb, l\ Rose GUost, 2 j Ada . Wostaoott, 3, A, Btonne, 4- . Second class, $/A B ~Vw ni ? Thompson, 1 j Ethel Guest, 2; Edith Ward, 3, Special, AgpOa Slnplos, Masloc A. Jamo* Bncond class, Gjfoon,- 1 ic Nlou Slaiiistroot, 2: (l.WoodWortM. Third class, gir)s—Lily Hooking, 1 ; Hildo Ennor, 2; Ado Guest, 3. Third class, Warns, 1; Cba* Wnrno, '2t EnrnoSt-OW, 3\. . Infant girls —L. Jooos, 1; Josslo Wind, 2; Blsio KlnsmtfD, 3: Amy, Bnow^ 4; O. Williams, 6; Daisy Kodmopd, 6. Infant boys-Chas. Thomson, 1; Q. Boott, W; Thompson, 3 ; H. Staples, 4 s F; Lwifroßoe, sj‘W. Qroon, o. Best written lesson papers, girls—Martha Cowan, 1. Bpomsl _ general boaring and merit: John wana, , Weslevan Chuuou, GamfoeNlA G vtjhV, —Tho ten and public mootings in connortiort with tho annivoraary of tho wOsleyaaChurG’li; Californio Gully, woro hold Inst ovorilttg. Tho ton mooting, which was’hold in tho school room, was, as usual, largely attended. Tho following ladlos presided:—Mcsdomosi Dll*, torioh, Taylor, Williams, O Owon Mlllor, Groon, Sondoo, Roberts, Matoptt, G uwon, Snelling,- Cross mpn and Snflll} Misses Arthnr, Williams and Jeffrey 1 . Tho mayor of EogTO'- hawk, lift J Green, presided nt tbp pubßo ihooling, and llleto wfiro hlstf on thtf pintwrm Srs MoQowan and HnrknodS, too Revs ioholsoh, Diltoriob, J A Gsborho and C Jenkins. Tho church was cxaoJleniry deco rated by Ibo flower and sunshine oommlttoos of tho Y.P.B.C.E. Addresses wore delivered by the Rove Nicholson an|i ‘plttoriob, and the chairman. , Tho trqponror,; Mr M. Thomas, In submitting tho balarfcO'thflet fbr.tßo ppst year, gave a sßiisfaotory'vorbai report, ehoning Ibo progroßS made for Ibo twelve months. Tho bnianoo-shoet showed ;—Receipts; . Balance, j£33 4s 8d j collections, subscriptions, pew rents, £l3O 17s 6d; balance, renovation 1 fund, £6l 9s Ud j total, £243 l<£4d. Expenditure: By’ loan repaid, £6O j jubilee fond repay* moots, £25; loan fund repayments;-.£lo interest, £34 Os 6d ; gas, ~£Z3 4s -24 salaries, £37; sundries, £3O I7s, Id } .ball' snob, £37 ; 19i 7d. The sohooiroom.accQnnt showed ; -Receipts, £l9 14s 3d j bxpohdlturb, £l5 16s 5d ; balance, £3 17s 10d, Tho. choir' under tho - oonduotorshlp of Mr ,W, >H ; : Donnia, rendered Tho fpllowlng anthems:— “Tho Lord in Exalted,” “Incline, (blno par" (solo,’Mies. Snell),' “I will sing of tlio mercies of the Lord” ’ (solo, Mr Ellis), and “Lord; i bow loiteet Thou thy servantdepart io peace.” Mias Thornton, of 1 South Melbourne, gave an. oxooltbnt rendition of “ Behold I stand at tho; door,” nod “Tho-Holy Shrino..”. At Iho.oon olusion Cr McGowan in flattering terms moved.a veto of (banks to the' 1 .ladies, choir, Y.P.B. CfE.', aodfspoakbrs, which* was , heartily earned. A. vote of thanks.-, by . tho Rev, J. A. GsbCrno lo tho chairman closed; the proceedings; 1 : " : Salvation Aemy.—On Saturday evening a floral Borvico was commenced in tho Salvation: Array Barracks. Tho platform was beauti fully decorated with flowers,tho designs being real' works of art; Stretching right across.tho: platform was a banner, composed of „ while flowers with:tho v word Fidelity (Worked In with colored dahlias. Other designs woro equally well, executed. ,j. Tho floral work, was chiefly done by Messrs’ Norfolk and Teague. On; Sunday tho service was continued, addresses being given .hy .Captain B(owart,V Messrs Spargp, and Teague, and the prlncipal.offloera and members of .the. corps.. < ; n; Eaolbhawk Primitive M ethodist Chtoc nt, —Special mission services were conducted . in the above oburoh on Souday by the Rov C. Siridon,, of Ballarat. In the mornlng tho rev gentleman gave' an attractive description of tho marvellous draft of Ashes and draw many Valuable lessons.from.tho narrative. In tho afternoon the text on which tho remarks of the preacher woro based woro (ho words of Christ toJSis disotples, “ But whom say. ye that I am’” Tho services wore largely attended throughout the day, ' 