GENERAL NEWS. THE WORK OF PARLIAMENT. 8IR JENKIN COLES AT KAPUNDA. THE PASTOBAL QUESTION. The Hob. Sir Jenkin Coles, Speaker, of the I House of Assembly, addressed his consti tuents in the Institute Hall, Kapunda, on Friday evening, April 19. Notwithstanding the inolement weather the attendanoe was large. The Mayor of Kapunda (Mr. W. Thomas) presided. Sir Jen kin Ooi.es, received with oheers, said: — I thank you for the reception that-you have given me to-night. I do not think there is anything more gratifying to a representative than to know that although some of his constituents may differ with him politically they entertain for him feelings of OBteem and respect. This is the first time that you have afked me to address you during re cess. Hitherto it hae not been the praotioe for members to address their ooustitoentB during reoess; but having regard to the present and future position of South Australia, finan cially and otherwise, I am not surprised that you have thought it desirable to ask me to express my opinion on the legislation of last eession and the prospects of the future. I am not here as a party politician for the purpose of either condemning or supporting, the Ministry or the Opposition. I feel that the members of the Government are boyond alt question able men, who are honestly anxious to do the beet they can for the country. At the same time I disagree with many of tbeir proposals, and it is for the purpose of explain ing in what respects I differ from them, and in compliance with the request I reaaived from this part of the district, that I address you to-nigbt. rEBSOMAL. But there is a personal matter to whioh I must first refer. The rumour has been pretty freely circulated in this town and elsewhere that I was not only an applicant for, but that there was a probability of my _ being appointed to the position of Chairman of the Railway Board. I assure you there is not one atom of truth in the sug gestion. (Cheers.) I never thought of suoh a thing, I would not accept the position if it we re offered to me to-morrow, and I have no desire or intention of severing my oonnection with the LiBtriot of Light until death or dismissal necessitates it. (Cheers.) I ask you to aooept that statement, and to pay no attention whatever to tattle of this character. ADULT BUWHAGE. Referring to some of the most important measures paesed last session, I do not think any measure submitted to the Legislature last year is of greater importance than the Adult •Suffrage Bill. Ever since I have had the honour of being your representative I have opposed the extension of the franchise to women for reasons which I have from time to time explaiued. (Cheers.) A very oelebrated author once said, "Commend me to the roan who goeB wrong in a way that is his own rather than to him who walks oorreotly in a way that is not." I may have been wrong, but I believed I was right in opposing the Woman's Franchise Bill, at all events until tbo men and women of this oolony had bad the question put direotly to them—"Dovouwish the franchise extended to women?"—(cheers)—and therofore when Mr. Grainger moved a motion to that effect I supported him. However, the Bill has passed, and I earnestly ask every woman not only to see that her name is placed on the eleotoral roll, but to exeroise the right that haB been conferred upon her. I noticed in both the daily papers a short time sinoe a paragraph suggesting that the wives of naturalized Germans should apply for letters of naturali zation. The inference is that if they do not apply and are not naturalized they oannot claim enrolment as voters. Any such infe rence is entirely wrong. There is no neoeesity whatever for the wife of any naturalized German to become naturalized herself, for the naturalization of the husband oarries with it the naturalization of the wife. I make that statement on the authority of a very promi nent member of the legal profession, who says, " I confess that X am much surprised at the suggestion in both papers this morning that the wives of naturalized Germans should also apply for letters of naturalization. I do not hesitate to assert thab the Aliens Aot is altogether inapplicable to the naturalization of married women. The context of the Aot, the petition, and the prinoipleB of international law are all against such an interpretation." This opinion is endorsed by every other gentle man of the legal profession whom I have consulted. Under any oircumstauceB let every woman at tbe least apply to have her name plaaed on the roll, and let the responsi bility of rejeoting her rest with the Returning OIBoer. (Cheers.) TAXATION. In connection with the Taxation Aot Amendment Bill I have been acoused of voting for the inoreased or progressive land tax, as it is oalled, but there ib not an atom of truth in the accusation. All Bills re lating to taxation must be founded upon certain resolutions in Committee, and because I did not ohoose to vote against the preliminary resolutions, and thus prevent the Government from bringing in a Bill with a very considerable portion of which 1 agreed, 1 was accused of not voting at all, and thus disenfranchising my distriol; But when the. Bill an before Parliament—end that iB the time when you have to eay yea or nay4-X oppoBed, as I said I would, any and every in-: oreate in the land tax. The Bill provided for: —1. An additional land tax of one hatfpenny for every pound sterling exoeeding the amonnt of £5,000 of the total assessed unimproved value of all laud owned by any party. 2. An absentee land tax of 20 per oentuin on and added to the amount of laud tax and additional land tax payable in respect of land owned by absenteee. 3. Inoome tax at the following rates, in lieu of the rates of inoome tax hereto fore in foroe:—(a) On all inoome derived from personal exertion at the rate of 4&d.; (or every pound sterling of the taxable amount thereof, up to aud inclusive of the sum of £800, and at the rate of 6d. for every pound sterling of suoh amount above the said sum of £800. (5) On all income oonsiBting of the produce of property at the rate of 9d. for every pound sterling of the taxable amount thereof, up to and inclusive of the sum of £800, and at the rate of Is. for every pound sterling of such amount above the said sum of £800. Not half a dozen people in the whole of Bight would be aSeoted by this halfpenny in the pound inoreaBe in the land tax, beoauee it applieB to land exceeding £5,000 in value. I do not regret the vote I gave on the absentee tax, which I said at the last elections I would support. People talk nonsense when they say we are going to drive capital out of the colony as the result of this absentee tax. The total sum whioh the Government cxpeot to get is ouly £5,000 a year, and if that is to be the slender thread upon whioh the prosperity of South Australia hangs the sooner the thread is broken the better. I told you at the laBt eleotions that 1 was decidedly in favour of ou increased income tax in thu event of there being auy neoeeeity for inoreaBed taxa tion. I have always looked upon the inoome tax as one of the fairest taxes imaginable. The records of "Hansard" will show that I have not broken auy pledge given on the hustings, (Cheers.) THE CONCILIATION ACT. As to the Oouoiliation Bill, all honour is duo to the author, tho lion, O. 0. Kingston, for hia Inmost attempt to bring about conciliation and prevent the possibility of Btrikes tvith their attendant horrors. (Cheers.) But if the Conciliation Aot is to be interpreted to mean that a man who finds himself unabio to pay a certain rate of wage, and informs his employes accordingly, is to be liable to bo summoned to the Supreme Court and have an investigation of his private affairs made known to the world, the sooner that Aat is amended in that respect the better. (Cheers.) While every one would do every thing be possibly oould to Bettle differences between employers and employes few would place a man or any body of men in the posi tion referred to. I was very glad to notice that the Conciliation Board in oonneotiou with Mr. Duwie's dispute adopted a most proper and conciliatory oourae—that although it appears they had the power to oompel Mr. Dowie's appearanoe before them and examine him and his books tbey did not exeroiseit; but if thoy have such a power—and it seems, according to what has transpired reoently, they have—the Bill must bo amended. I have always held that the cost of government in this oolony ib altogether too great, and I say so still. Under the Publio Salaries Bill the salaries of public servants have been very materially reduced, and to the great credit of all be it said tbey have consented to tho reduction without o murmur. THE LAKE BONNEY SCHEME. Ae to the Lake Bonuoy settlement sobeme, my old friend Mr. Glynn took very active steps when in Parliament towards utilization of tho waters of Lake Bonney, and bo far as I was able I assisted bim. I do not hesitate to say that had Mr. Glynn's proposal been given effeot to a large population would be at this time at work on the shores of Lake Bonney. (Cheers.) The Government introduced an entirely different sobeme, and while I did not think it likely to be suooessful I was hopeful that it might be. There are to be a certain number of paying settlers, who must deposit a sum before the Government start the work. That is a very proper pieoaution to take, but I at once saw that it was going to bo the stumbling-blook, because my experience lias taught me so long as the Government are willing to find money for everything and everybody the people interested are satisfied, but as soon as people are asked to put down anything themselves objeotion is raised. (Laughter.) I hope the work will not be begun until some guarantee is given that those engaged in it will stiok to it and carry it to a successful issue, and. I see no better way of obtaining this guarantee than by asking for a deposit. If that deposit is not forthcoming the scheme, so far as I am ooncerned, must fall through. I do not abandon hope of a settlement being formed at Lake Bonney, but it must be on lines altogether different to those BUggeBted in the Aot. RECIPROCITY. As to the proposed reoiprociby treaty with New Zealand for the exchange of natural pro ducts, I find amongst my constituents there ib very considerable difference of opinion a« to whether this treaty should be ratified by Par liament ; but I am disposed to think that the majority are of opinion that a treaty of this kind would impbde the possibility of inter colonial free trade. Tbey feel ib is scarcely fair that the growers of wine and dried fruits should be Binglod out for speoial advantage and that the growers.of barley should l)e brushed as the result of it. At present, there fore,. l am not prepared toeay what course! shall adopt when Parliament meets, butwhat ever the South Australian Parliament may do I do not think there is a ghost of a chance of the New Zealand Parliament agreeing to it.' The Hew Zealand Herald writes:—"Our Australian contemporaries oontinue to agitate thern selves greatly over the commercial re ciprocity treaty between New Zealand and j and South Australia, which Mr. Ward was able to fix up with Mr. Kingston j before his departure for London. But we : oannot help thinkiDg they ore exercising them- j selvei unneoesarily. The 'treaty'—it is misnomer to designate it as suob, but it is not worth while quibbling over verbal nioetieg— has no more ohanoe of being ratified by the Parliament of New Zealand - than Mr. Ward has of becoming Cbanoellor of the Exchequer; indeed, not so much, for all things arO possible to youth and audacity. It has failed to raise the faintest flutter of a popular breeze. In truth we know of no proposal emanating from our eminently proposing Government wbioh has fallen with such sickening flatness. Neither in the North Island, whioh does not benefit by the sug gested arrangement, nor in the South Island, whioh does to some small extent, has it been received with favour, ; It is everywhere re garded as a foolish' and vain thing, and has been quietly dropped into interplanetary Bpnce by the Press and politicians, and nothing mere ia likely to be heard of ituntil it receives its final quietus in Parliament. Our journa listio brethren of Mclbourue may therefore take heart of graoe and go on their way rejoic ing." If that is the view, in New Zealand there is not muob use of our bothering our selves about it. (Hoar, hear.) pastoral. First amongst the Bills that were introduced last session but did not become law is the Pastorai Bill, which I look upou as one of the most important measures introduced by the Government last sessiuu. I felt it iny duty to oppose that portion of the Bill which indis criminately included the country known as the 1888 lease ouuutry. It was proposed to allow holders of this aouutry to surrender their leases with a view to obtaining certain concessions, and I moved this amendment, which waB accepted by the Government and carried—"That no surrender notice shall be of any effect unless (1) the same shall be received by the Commissioner before the let June, 1895 ; and unless (2) the Commissioner shall within three months after the reoeipt of the surrender notice direct the valuation pur suant tu section 15 ; and (3) until two months I shall liavo elapsed alter particulars of the surrender notice, showing the reason therefor, I together with a copy of the valuation provided by section 18, and particulars of all I amounts paiu bv the Grown for improvements on the land affected shall have been laid before botb Bouses of Parliament without either House passing a resolution disapprov ing of the proposed surrender," I do not wish it (or one moment to be thought that I am in any sense of the word autagonistio to the pastoral interest. I am perfectly willing, aB I always have been, to give them anything to which they are fairly and justly entitled. 'Indeed, I happened to be the Commissioner of Grown Lands who in 188i introduoed, and was sucoessful in carrying through Parliament, the Pastoral Lands Aot, which I think was about the most liberal on the faoe of tho earth. But thero is a limit beyond which State liberality cannot go, and, so far as pastoral matters are oonoerned, that limit was reached in the Act to which I have alluded;* and it was because I felt tbis, and bsoause I felt that before any further oonoessious wore granted to the gentlemen to whom so muoh bad already been given Parliament aud the publio should know what was being done. (Cheers.) The pastoral question is not a generally attractive one. Few have the leisure, and fewer still the inclination, to make, a study of it, and it is for the purpose of making my position on the question better understood that I purpose going at some length into the subjoot. Before 1851 pastoral licences were issued, but in 1851 pastoral leases were granted, and under the Aot then passed about 18,300 square miles were let at an average rental of lis. 6d. per mile. It was not long before hd agitation v -is raised for concessions from the Governn: at. I have taken the trouble—to me it lists been a most interesting task—during the last few days to wade through every Aot of Parliament dealing with, pastoral lands sinoo 1851\. As the result of the agitation subse quent to 1801 Parliament passed in 1853 an Act altering the conditions of pastoral leases in favour of those who held them. In 1857 another Bill was passed. In 1858 two Acts were passed in the same session. In 18G2 another Bill became law, and in 1884, 1865, and 1886 Acts were passed, all with a view to granting concessions or remissions to pastora lists. In 1866 a Remission of Rents Act was passed, granting certain remissions to paBtora liats according to the olass of oountry whioh they held, and if anything is to be doue at present with tho view of assisting those who really deserve relief some enoh measure as the Remission of Rents Aot might be introduoed. From 1800 to 1870 Aots were passed granting further concessions. In 1807 among other things leases in Class O were renewed for twenty-one years, and these leases falling due in 18S8 formed portion of the oountry known as the 1888 leases. In 1872, 1877, end 1878—in eaoh year fresh legislation wu6 introduoed, so that there iB really no ground for accusing the Legisla ture of want of sympathy with the pastoral interest. I admit that msny of the Bills Par liament passed did not fulfil the expectations of those who introduced them—one can always be wise after the event—but during tbe time mentioned sixteen or seventeen Acts of Par liament were pa«sod with a view to granting conoeesions or ToiniteionB to pastoral lessees ; indeed, the history of pastoral legislation shows one series of concessions and remissions. I do not say that they were not required, nor that the pastoralists received more than they deserved, but I do say that Parliament has bad and always will have the desire to assist tbo pastoral industry en far as it reasonably can. These sixteen or seventeen Acts culminated in the Act intro duced by myself in 1884 as a member of the Col ton Government. Under the 1884 Act pastoral lands were divided into three classes. Glass 1 was the country leases of whioh ex pired in 1888, uo very material alteration being made in the conditions under which the laud was held. They were entitled under the existing leases to be paid for water improve ments and other improvements, in eases where the oountry had been roeumed. In OlasB 2 country, that is the country then leased out side of Class 1, we granted payment for all im provements in addition to compensation if the oountry was resumed prior to the expiry of the lease, so that pastoralists could not possibly lose anything, In Class 8, that is country at that time unlet, we gave them a thirty-five years'lease at o rental of 2s. fid. a square mile for tbe first fourteen years, and a valuation for every subsequent seven years. We agreed to pay tbera for every peuny tbey I laid out on their tuob in the tray of improve mente, and compensation for the loss of the lease if the country. were resumed. Do you think it is possible for liberality to go farther thanthatl {"Too far.'') It may haveDeen,bat it is; utterly imposiible for liberality to ro farther. {"It was a squatters' Govern ment then.") I do not Bee how you oould call my friend the Hon. Thomas Playlord a member of a equattera' Government.for it wee said his antipathy oozed out of every pore of hie ekin—(laughter)—nor do I know that you could eay my respeoted friend Sir John Colton waa a member of a Bquattere* Govern ment ; nor how it oould be said that I was. If people would not take up country on s'uoh termi as I have mentioned, what terme under heaven would induce them? ("Give it to them for nothing."! Tbenthoy would not take it up. With the present prioe of wool I ques tion if any one if they had the land for nothing would take it up. it is indeed difficult to say what business or occupation pays just now. I am Rlad to see my friend the Hon. John Warren present, because when I have any thing to say about any one I always like to say it in the hearing ol the person straightout. Mr. Warren asks me to explain why this 18S4 Bill was introduced, and why the Government of which I was a member euggested that the Government should pay for improvements instead of the incoming tenant. The Bill of 1884 was introduoed aB the result of the agita tion that was got up at that particular time and previous to it, the agitation culminating in a petition signed by 558 persons, pastoralistsand others, and presented to Parliament. The petition aaid that unless further oonoessions were granted the pastoral industry would suffer disaster, and the oountry would be practioally deserted. I have a copy of the petition here, and do not wish to say one word that I oannot, I think, sub stantiate, beoanse I have found the longer a man is in publio life the more careful he has to be of his utterances, (Laughter.) The petition amongst other things says-"There are pastoral lands not far distant which have been held for a longer time, and which the oocupiers have ceased im proving years ago beaause of the insecurity of tenure, and will not now improve because of the nearness of expiry of their leases, but which, if largely improved at considerable ex pense, would beooroe very valuable to the State." I thought the same then, and I do not know that I have altered my opinion in that respect. Another olausc of the petition eays—"There are other epeoial reasons for this stagnation in pastoral pursuits, and it ie not oaueed only by the difficulties attendant upon opening up the country ; and your memorialists believe that liberal legislation, giving inoreased security of tenure, with compensation for all substantial improvements, will impart oouGdenoe to the lessees of Crown lands, and enooucage them to proceed vigorously in the development of the land, and that it will induce others to occupy country which otherwise will remain as it is at present, yielding nothing." Another seotion of the memorial says:—"If the im provements or stocking be nut carried out the lease to be forfeited and offered at public auction. Original lessee to be allowed to compete again. Permanent improvements to be valued and paid for by incoming and allowed to outgoing lessee." It is also stated "in fixing valuation as to rental, or compensa tion forimprovements,orlossof lease, Govern ment to appoint a valuator; lessee to have the right of doing the same; and in the event of their being unable to agree, chen to be referred to the Judge of the Supreme Court." The deputation presenting the memorial first waited upon my predeoeesor in ofiioe (Mr. Oatt), who went out of offioe shortly after wards. Then the Oolton Government oame into power, and with the exception of one or two things the Bill of 1884 embodied all that the 5S8 people—amoDg whom were some of our prominent pastoraliBts—asked for. We did not allow improvements to be paid for by the incoming lessee and allowed to the outgoing lessee, nor did we allow the Judge of the Supreme Court to interfere in the fixing of Crown rents, beoause it was very properly felt that the Crown was quite oapable of managing its own business. The landlord did not ask any one else to fix the rent, and that is the preoise position which the Government took at that time. The Bill wssintroducedatthe request of thepastoralists themselves, and passed through the Legislative Oounoil without a murmur from one of them. As to Mr. Warren's second question, if the State had insisted upon the inooming tenant paying for improvements, which amounted in these 1888 lands to over half a million of money, it would have meant the lands praotioslly remaining for j evjer in the hands of the then lessees on any terms they thought proper, beoause who in South Australia outside those who occupied the country were in a position to put down J £600,000 ossh for the purpose of taking up these lands ? I cannot do better than quote J the reason given by the Hon. R. O. Baker as to why the Government took the position J they did. This respeoted gentleman, who is now President of the Legislative Oounoil, said — "It would mean giving the pre sent tenants an absolute monopoly of their leases on their own terms." Surely Mr. Warren would admit Mr. Baker's opinion oarried weight. There was no possibility of there being any bid for the leases if we insisted upon the inooming men putting down in the aggregate £600,000. We borrowed the money at SJ per ' - per cent., end charged the tenants 6 perosnt. v interest on the value of the improvement!, ao ■ that after all it was not each a bad bargain for' the State. The improvement! depreciated, but it gave the people who bad not large oapitsl an opportunity to get* portion of the country V whioh had been in the handa of some of the then holders for thirty-aiz years. My prin cipal objeotisn to the Pastoral Bill of last year " was the indiscriminate inoliision of the 1988 leasee, -whioh comprise land a considerable ' portion of whioh has been under pastoral; ■* oooupation from the earliest days ol pastoral ' settlement, the renewed leases of whiehei pired in 1888. My objeotiou was that the. present-tenants, who in the majority of oases . were the previous tenants, have, according .. to the Surveyor-General's report, already received concessions to an extent equal to one • third of the total rent received irom them, in addition to being paid in cash a sum of £402,190 6s, 4d. for improvements, of whioh they are now in possession. Another reason why I objected to their indiscriminate oonolusion was that those who purchased the land in 1888 at auction bad had the use of it in some oases thirty-six years, and therefore i had a fall knowledge of the obaraoter of the ' country, and if they made a.bad bargain they ought to put up wish the consequenoee. Dealing with the lands in the manner suggested in the Bill also meant an absolutely unwarrantable loBstothe pnblio revenue and the permanent locking-upof lands, portion of whioh would . be required for subdivision and other purposes. Not long since there was a newspaper controversy in a friendly spirit between Mr. Warren and myself, in which Mr. Warren led the public to believe that the pastoraliats had not been fairly dealt with,' ' and that at all events the firm of Hogarth and Warren had not received any benefit as the ' result of pastoral legislation. Mr. Warren, in nno rtf km lafgAita anvo .Txsnlrin rafnrd in one of hie letters, says—"Sir Jenkin refers to Hogarth &. Warren as sharers in the' nume rous concessions' given to the 1888 lessees. They have only had au interest in one lease— 330 miles north from Pori Augusta—and this they purchased since 1867 from, the original lessees, who purchased a right to a Jesse in November, 1862. Will Sir Jenkin explain how be can oram thirty-seven years in be tween January 1,1863, and January 1,1889? Hogarth & Warren expended over £1,600 in improvemente on that lease, but none under the Act of 1884, whioh they locked on as a trap. The Government paid them £807 7s. 9d. for these improvements. Where do the concessions to Hogatth & Warren come in?" I feel it my duty to tell you where they ooine in. I have satisfied myself as to the oorrect ness oi every statement l matte, it la ft strange coincidence that the late respected Mr. Hogarth, who was a partner of Mr. Warren, was & member of the Legislature when this 1884 Bill was passed, and if this Act was the trap which Mr. Warren asks you to believe waB it not strange his partner did not raise his voiee against it? No Bill on reoord ever passed the Legislative Council with such rapidity. There was not a division in the Legislative Oounoil. As an illustration of the benefits that the firm referred to have reoeived I cannot do better than give you the history of the Strangwaya Springs Run. This is bnt illustrative of soorea of other cases whore pastoralists have received concessions, and illustrates what we may expect from the Pastoral Board should they have the opportunity of further dealing with the public estate. A. little more than six years ago one Pastoral Board was appointed to examine this identical 1888 leased country, tbeoost of whioh, inoluding surveys, printing, advertising, &c.;, was over £20,000. (Whist ling and other exclamations of surprise). The Strangwaya Springs Run oountry was originally discovered by Major Wat burton, and sold _ to Mr. H. E. Hughes on June 2, 1869, thirty-six years ago. witb an area of 800 square miles, at a rental of £16710s. per annum. The land was surrendered and reoffered at auction on November 27,1862,and was purchased by Mr. Jalius Jeffrey at £28f Is. 6d„ cr 10s. 6d. per square mile per anntmf, the upset prioe being 10s. per mile, the term of the lease being fourteen yearn from Jannary 1 for a total area of 543 square miles. This lease was transferred to Messrs. Hogarth and Warren in July, 1867—twenty-eight years— and was surrendered under the Act of 1807, the new lease being issued for a term of twenty one years from December 31, 1867, expiring on December 31, 1888, at a rental of 2a. 6df. per square mile and assessment on stock. ("Shame.") The Surveyor-General says that the average rent inoluding assessment on stook paid in respect to this lease watf £74 6a. 2d., or about 2e. 8fd. per mile. That included everything. Ie not this a concession? Any unprejudiced man would say that there was a little difference between the two figures, and if such a reduc tion were made in oar ease we would oonsider it a very substantial one. Messrs. Hogarth and Warren held this land until 1888 From 1884 to 1888 considerable pressnre was brought to bear on the Government to renew these 1888 leases without their being submitted to publio competition. In 1888 the lands were offered by auction. The price bid by Hogarth and Warren was £1 5j. 6d. per mile, or a total rental of £687 4s. 6d,—this includes interest at 5 per oent. on the value of the improve ments, which wonld amount to £40 per year— for country which they had previously occu pied for £74. The only inference is that they m&st; have bod a good time while they held J the land at 2s. 8fd. per mile. (Laughter.) 'The bus was subsequently transferred " to Hogarth Brothers — I don't know '. why—and held by Hogarth Brothers until. surrendered on September 14, 1893.. Tinder theAotof 1893 the present Pastoral Board dealt with this: identical-, oountryi and in cluded .-fifty more miles, allotting it to Messrs. Hogarth At- Warren at a rental of 5s. per mile Tblien of £tfis. fid. whioh they agreed ; ftb giye. on a twenty-one years' lease frqm \- Jiily 1,1888 ; while the improvements, valued £884 lis. When the Government had to do With them in 1888,'were revalued a short time . einoa by the Pastoral Board at £483, and are .being purchased by Messrs. Hogarth and Warrenat that figure in instalments extend 'ing over forty-two years, (daughter and *''Oh."J How muoh more do they want! TFhe~ Surveyor • General says:—"The land Comprised in this lease is abundantly watered by mound springs, some of whioh are fairly fresh." The present rental is just half ' .that at whioh the Strangways Springs Hun .was let thirty - six years ago, When cartage, aooording to Mr. Warren's fetter, was from £12 to £G0 a ton. We have . made a railway through the run at the publio expense, and cartage now is only £3 13s. 4d. a ton, while the rent of the land is Ss. per mile. If that is not wasting the publio estate I don't know what it is. (Hear, hear. "Bob bery. ")_ I am making these statements out of no- unfriendly feeling, but because I realize it is time the publio knew the truth. (Cheers.) We are tola that unless we have pastoral legislation of the oharaoter introduoed last year more land will be thrown up, and we are told that it is being abandoned right and left in an unprecedented manner. At the Australian Natives' Association, when Mr. Gillen delivered a most able ana exoei lent address, I said that we had had eo muoh fiction in referenoe to pastoral matter* that it was time we bad somefaots. What are the faots ? I have had the figures taken out from 1880 up to December 31, 1891, and find that during that period we have had oanoelled or surrendered leases and preferen tialright claims of 140,428 square miles. Last year we surrendered 10,431 square miles— about the average quantity of land that has been surrendered yearly during the last four teen years; and when you are dealing with huge areas you must expect that from time to time a considerable portion will be thrown up. Out of last year's area only 840sqnare miles formed a portion of the 1888 leases, I am aware that smoe Deoember we have bad the Pandurra Bun thrown up, and that Mr, Dutton has thtown up Oallana. The lessees of Pandurra einoe asked the Government to revive portion of their lease when they found the fuss and fury was over. The portion they asked for has been revived. In the oase of Pandurra I have not the slightest sympathy with the lessee. That run was previously oooupied by Mr. Goorge Downer—and there is no one in South Australia for whom I have greater respeot than that gentleman—who bid very nearly up to the price at which it was knooked down to the MessrB. Morphett. Messrs. Morpbett found they oould not oarry it on, and conse quently a portiono! the run has been surren dered, From 1834 to 1836, the time when the most liberal legislation was introduced, we had more pastoral land surrendered than we have had sinoe. In 188416,443 square miles were oanoelled or surrendered; in 1885, 15,977 square utiles; and in 1886, 16,915 square miles. No doubt the pastoral industry is depressed, and I am willing to help the lessees In every legitimate way, but I am never going to be a party to wholesale surrenders and reduobions. (Cheers.) Many of the paBtoral lessee are having a bad time of it, but j there is no industry that is not similarly situated.- Bnt the agriculturists who are unfortuuately freeholders were not oontinually rushing to the Government for assistance. They are prepared to beetle with the depres sion. But we shall not have any substantial improvement in the pastoral or any other industry, no matter what the legislation, until the prioe of produoe materially improves. It is not the rent that the pastoraliets are paying in every oase, or indeed in a very few oases, that ia weighing them down, and other people too—it ia the high r&teB; of interest that areohargedbyEomeofourfinanoialinstitutions; and however liberal you may make the pas toral legislation you will simply be improving the security of whioh the finanoial institutions holdBome; the pastoralisbs will go out all the eame. (Cheers.) STATE ADVANCES. Acoording to the ooinments in the country Frees tho State Advances Bill was hailed with delight by every one who was wanting money, but they had not the opportunity of examining ite provisions. Any proposition to help the struggling producers, fin&noially; or other Wise, will have my hearty support, but this Bill is of no earthly use to them, What are the terms of the Bill? "The amount of the advance which may be made on any such land as is mentioned in seotion 27 shall be determined by the value of the land at the time of the advance, and shall not exoeed—(a) If the laod is held in fee-simple by the borrower, one-half of the unimproved value thereof, as determined by the then last pre vious assessment by the Commissioner of Taxes, plus one-half of the value of the permanent improvements (if any) upon the land, and if the land has acquired a special inoreaBO of value by reason of being cultivated as a vineyard, hop ground, orchard, fruitgrowing plantation, or the like, then plus also oue- third of suoh in creased value, (i) If the land is held by the borrower under Crown lease with right of purohase as aforesaid, a like amount &b; if the land were held by him in fee-simple, but less the amount of all purohase-money whioh shall be payable to the Crown in respeot of suob land previous to the issue of a land grant therefor. All advances to be made pursuant to this part of this Act may be made in State notesorotherwiseat the option of the trustees." The money advanced under the Bill is to bo repaid by half-yearly instalments with interest at the rate of 5 per cent., paymentB to extend uver a series of years. But any one who has suob seourity as mentioned in the Bill to offer oan obtain the money to-day elsewhere on better terms and at a lower rate of interest. That being so, where is the benefit of State Interference ! FEDERATION. As to federation I propose to devote an evening epeoially to address you on this sub ject. In the meantime I direct your attention to the lecture delivered by the Rev. Dr. Jefferis at North Adelaide. It is one of the ablest and rnoBt praotical addressee that has ever been delivered on federation. . THE FDTCBE. So much for the past. Now a few words as to the prospeots of the future, whioh are not very bright. I am not a pessimist, but it is no use to do the ostrich business by putting your bead into the sand and thinking everything is going right. I feel certain we are going to end the current finanoial year with a defioit. For this I do not blame the Government, beoante contingencies altogether upset the Treasurer's oaloulations. How is this defioit to be made up? Certainly not byinoreased taxation—fohoere}—nor by farther reduotions in the salaries of~Oivil servants.' (Cheers. "Yea, all over £300ayear.") Why, some of them hare already had about one-fourth of their salary taken off—the -Colonial burgeon, for -inetanoe. My first pro posal is to abolish .entirely free eduoation. (Oheera.) I am glad tohear that cheer. (Dis sent.) I don't mean the abolition of free edu oation entirely, but reversion to the system of allowing those who oan afford to pay their fid. per week to do so. By that means we should have a saving of at least £25,000 a year. (Hear, hear.) I make that statement on the assuranoe of the Minister of Kduoation, whom I met this morning. Last year the charge on the general revenue for our present system of eduoation waa £127,000. Iu addition to that we have borrowed £500,000 for the ereotion of school buildings, on whiob ws pay £20,000 a yearinterest. Weoannot afford tbie enormous sum with a population of only 330,000. (Mr. Soandrett—" What about payment of mem bers?") I should be perfectly willing to abolish it, and I don't think we should suffer very great loss if we abolish some of the oountry papers at the same time. (Loud laugh ter.) Up tothepresent, inoludingtbeloan re ferred to, eduoation hasoostusorer£l,500,0Q0. Secondly, I would abolish the Pastoral and Land Boards, or, if we must keep them, 1st their duties be oonfined to the allotment of land only. This will save two-thirds of the present expense. The Commissioner of Orown Lands said that the revenue derived by the Government last year from lands dealt with by the Pastoral Board amounted to £1,100, but as a matter of fact the cost of tbo Pastoral Board for 1891 was £2,327 11a. lid. (Laugh ter.) It is only fair to say they did other work besides that for which the revenue had been reoeived. I would revert to the auotion system. People must learn to look after themselves, and if tbey are such chil dren that when they wont into the auction-room they hid too much they must put up with the consequenoeB. The oost of the Land Boards, exclusive of the Pastoral Board, for 1891, including pro portion of salaries of Government offioers for the time oocupied, which is a very email pro portion, was £3,147 5s. There ia over £5,000 a year that oan be Baved by the abolition of the Board without the slightest trouble. I am willing to take my full share of the re sponsibility of appointing the Land Boards— there was an agitation in their favour—but my experienoe has taught me that they have beenaoostly experiment. The delay occa sioned by them at times has been almost un bearable. DEFENCES, Our cost of defences has been altogether too muoh. I don'o inolude in this the Police Force—(laughter)—because I think we shall want more assistance from the police than the military. Tbs cost of the Militia Foroe in 1893-4 was £10,499, whioh was reduced in 1894-5 to £7,689. Volunteer Militia Reserve Foroe, oosting £3,263 waB reduced in 1894-5 to £3,000, and the Permanent Military Foroe from £4,595 to £3,144. The oost of administration, whioh amounted to £3,521 in 1893-4, was reduoed to £3,217 in 1894 5. Naval defence was reduoed from £6,209 to £5,100, the total reduotion being nearly £6,009. In additiou we have to pay the Imperial Government £10,000 a year towards the Auxiliary Squadron, and are occasionally gratified by a visit from one of the ships. The daily Press very properly pointsout, considering that the British interests in the floating trade of Australasian waters greatly exoeed the oolonial, our contribution may be ooneidered fairly substantial. The Government propose to reduoe the military vote by £10,000, and they will have my hearty support, because for the few people we have the money we have spent in this respeot in various ways is altogether beyond our means. DnubtleBB some of the things I have said are unpopular. I oannot help that. Rest assured the wild meanderiuge of the popularity-hunter do not count for muoh in these times. The oondition of South Australia, as indeed of all the other colonies, is not altogether rosy, but there is no oauee for alarm so loog as we determine at all hazards to live within our means, and so long as people will exeroise more self- reliance, and so long as the Government will not interfere with private enterprise. (Prolonged oheers.) Mr. H. Jackson moved a vote of thanks to Sir Jenkin Ooles for his able and outspoken address. They ware greatly indebted to him for showing that the pastoraliets had been endeavouring to extort concessions in a way which they never knew before, Mr.- R. J. Dat seoonded. He hoped that the Conciliation Board would never be able to. enforoe the objectionable olauee whioh Sir Jenkin referred to. The motion was oarried with aoolamation. TO TEE EDITOR. Sir—Although not an elector of Light, I ventured laet night to attend a meeting of electors galled to bear Sir Jenkin Oolea'e address. I felt justified in doing so beoause in a letter dated February 18, and published in the newspapers, dealing with an address I had the honour to give to the Australian Natives' Association and subsequent corres pondence. Sir Jenkin stated that "It is not necessary just now to reply further to Mr. Warien's letter beyond saying that he may rest assured that when addressing my con stituents I ehall not fail to dieeuBS the memorial presented to Parliament in 1884 and the other matters mentioned by him." Sir Jenkin dealt with the pastoral question and with Hogarth & Warren's affairs in a manner which suited himself. He expressed pleasure at seeing me there, but was oareful not to remove the disability he knew I was under by inviting me to speak, a courtesy so reoently reoeivod by bim from the Australian Natives' Aesosiation. I have no doubt but that I shall yet have an opportunity of addressing the electors of Light on these matters, and I ask them to withhold judg ment until I have an opportunity of showing the other side of the picture. 1 am. Sir. &c.;, JOHN WARREN". Kapunda, April 20. 