THE NOVELIST PAUL CHALLIS'S WOOING. | Bt the Author of } *?* of a Conquest,' ' A Sinless { ' Crime' : CHAPTER XLVL ? 7HA.T LADY GERALDINE SAW. jStill she seemed as though she were : not convinced and he took a scrap of : paper from his pocket-book and showed it to her. It was only an address ; the name was strange to her, but she knew the handwriting, which was peculiar ' I can hardly believe it,' Bhe said. ' You may. my girL It is true.' ' What shall you do ?' ' Tell her .' ?Will that be fair?' ' A ll'd fail* +a a *ma«* «*!..» ? bJ ? 4.~ make money. He will never be the ?wiser who told, and I don't intend she shall. ' He'll pay me for dealing with her, and sEe'll want somebody to help her keep her secret. It will be profitable both ways.' M. Lescours and his conscience had parted company long ago. That he should do mischief to two people, and take money from both, under the pre tence of being serviceable, was no more than right in his eyes, and he was pro posing to himself to reap a rich harves' from his pleasant practices. Lady Templestowe was far from satis fied by the story told her about the little child she had Been in the hospital. She could not get it out of her head, and brooded over it, her daughter de ftl:il'A*l- fill ilia m«0 afra'-1 ika4-«U« »«.~.1JI make herself ill. The curious likeness, the finger, and above all, the trinke|, acknowledged to be her dead son's property, seemed facts too strange to be got over, and yet the woman's story had no decrepancies in it; it tallied in every point, and what motive could she have in telling a She could not be the woman Leonard bad married, but Bhe must know some thing about it. The Countess grew quite ill from the effects of constantly thinking of it, and Lady Ger&ldine; heartily wished that that they had never chanced to go to the hospital at that time at alL ' It is so unfortunate,' she said to her father one day, when they were stand ing together in he drawing-room, after a painful talk on the all-absorbing sub ject. ' It seems quite a monomania. Mamma is always harping on it.' ' I must try and get her away,' Lord Templestowe replied. ' Perhaps change of scene will do her good.' ' Perhaps it will, papa. I ? ' She stopped suddenly, and her father ?aw that she was deathly pale. They were standing in the window of the great drawing-room of Templestowe House, which overlooked the park, a fact which the earl was constantly de ploring, but aould not alter. The family mansion had been built before his day, and ho was powerless to change the aspect of it. Along the side of it ran public road, and on that side the archi tect, with the perversity of his race, had placed the drawing-rooms only one end of them — the long line of windows which lit them so splendidly — looked on the gardens that were the envy of \- the noble neighbors and the admira tion of everybody, but one essential one, a noble bow, forming almost another room in itself, could be seen from a road along which anyone had a right to walk. It was a sore point with his lordship, who would have liked to have closed it had it not been a favorite corner of his wife's. She declared that she saw bo reason why they should not see the outer world sometimes, and so the win dow remained. Geraldine was standing quite in the window while she was tp-Hnng to her father and Bhe had looked out almost without knowing it. Something in the street caught her attention, and she ottered a little cry. 'My dear, what is the matter 9' her father asked. ' Nothing, rJapa,' she said, but he saw that she was trembling all over, and scarcely able to stand. ' Are you ill, Geraldine P' ' No, papa.' The color did not come back to her face, and he put his arm round her and led her to a chair. 'Don't say ' nothing,' my dear,' he said, gently. I can see there is something. Try and tell me what it is.' 'I am quite well papa ; I am nervous, I suppose. I turned cold all of a sud den, that was alL' ' Cold ! You looked as if you were turning into stone. There must have been some cause for it, my child.' For answer Lady Geraldine burst into passionate tears, such as he had rarely seen her shed, for she was not given to weeping, and he stood by her, . waiting till she should be better, and able to speak to him. If it had been his wife, he would most probably have rung the bell and sum moned hermaid. thinking her hysterical, but Geraldine was different. In a minute or two she recovered herself, ana loosea up. ?* I don't think I am going mad, papa,' she said, but I saw ? ' She stopped and shivered, and looked out of the window nervously, as though in search of something. ' Saw what, child ?' ' Leonard, papa. My brother — your dead son!' ' My dear girl, what a strange fancy. Your nerves must be all upset, indeed to play such pranks as that. You must have advice.' 'It was no fancy, papa. It 'was Leonard himself, or his ghost. He was walking across the end of the park there, and he juBt turned and looked up as he used to before he ? ' She broke down and began to cry again. The fright had been very real, whatever caused it, and he hardly knew how to soothe her. ' Try and rouse yourself, my dear,' he said. ' Think how distressed your mother would be if she heard of such a fancy as this. You have been thin fe-i rig of bygone things till your imagination has run away with you. Don't speak of it again.' ' I must, papa. It was no fancy, in deed it was not. I saw him as plainly as I see you. Oh, papa, if such a thine were possible — if he were not dead, and could come back again, would ycu for give him, and take him back to your heart?' ' Don't, my girl,' said the earl, husk ily ; ' it is no use now discussing the past. It is past, and we cannot alter it.' ' But you would, papa, would you not?' she persisted, with a curious desire to gain her point that surprised herself. ' Supposing he were here now, he would be your only son. It is killing mamma to think that we may never even speak of him. It would do her goed to talk about him. aoigetunasAhe. is never out of her mind lately, and I have seen him now.' ' My dear child, try and put that out of your mind.' Lord Templestowe said, gently. -'You could cot have seen him. For the rest, I never wished to speak on this subject again, but since it has arisen between us, and you shall know what I feel about it. Don't imagine that because I have been silent have not felt. T sent mv «in awav in anger — just anger as you know — but when I knew that it was for ever, that no wish or will of mine could call Viinn back, I would give my right hand at this moment to recall him, to know that I had a son left to me to carry down the old name to another generation. Don't talk of it again, child, for heaven's-sake the thought of it has well-nigh driven me mad.' Geraldine was almost frightened at the emotion he displayed. She had always looked upon her father as a cold, stern man ; she never dreamed he had been feeling as acutely as her mother and herself all this time, . and she bent her lips to his hand and kissed it. »' We have judged you harshly, mamma and I,' she said. ' I had no idea you were feeling with us in the trouble.' ' Don't judge me by appearances again, dear, for every moment ef sorrow that your mother and you have suffered I have suffered too. It is hard to know that the suffering is in vain, and that we cannot undo the misery of the past.' 