GHOSTS. WHEN the brilliant lines of the sunset fade Into amber and pale gold; When the wren and the robin sleep in the glade, And the shepherd shuts his fold; When the lamps are lit in the deep blue skies, And the toil of the day is done- Pale, haunting ghosts of the past arise From the shadows one by one. The ghosts of the words we did not say In the days forever fled, Come out of the shadows dim and grey; And the ghost of the words we said, Gf the cruel word, of the bitter word, Of the word of blame or scorn. That was keen as the point of a warrior's sword On a fateful battle morn. The ghosts of the woes of age and youth, That we passed unheeding by ; Of the griefs we did not ask to soothe, Of the tears we did not dry; Of the ills of which we took no heed, Of the grievous wrongs unfought— Come with that of many a churlish deed, Or of good deed left unwrought. They cluster round us, these phantom shades, These ghosts of the days of old, As the cheerful glow of the daylight fades, In the twilight dim and cold; And in vain we moan, and in vain we weep, And we may not from them hide; Closer and closer these shadows creep, twilights, to our side. Tss death is announced of Visconnt Monck, which took place on 29th November at his residence, Charleville, Enniskerry. The deceased nobleman^ who had entered his 76th year, was Governor of Canada from 1861 to 1868: He entered political life at a com» paratively early age, having in 1848 Unsuccessfully sought the honour of representing Wicklow. Subsequently he sat for Portsmouth from 1852 to 1857, and as a Lord of the Treasury was a member of the Government from 1855 to 1858.' From 1882 to 1884 he was a member of the Irish Land Commission. In 1866 he was created Baron Monck in the peerage' of the kingdom. The deceased leave's two sons and two daughters, the eldest of whom—the Hon. Henry Rower CharleB, Stanley—succeeds to the title. MARK TWAIN is to resume authorship, and let somebody else take care of the publishing of his books: "If he had -adhered to that idea from the start" (says the Boston Herald), "he would not how be looking about to gather up the scattered fragments of a lost fortune." PATEHFAMILIAS (to unexpected guest) —" Why didn't you send us word you were coming P Pot luck, you know, my boy. Hope you have managed to make, a dinner." Unexpected Guest (politely) —"Bless you, old man, I hope I may never have a worse one." EXPLOEEE—"What made that elephant run up that tree P" Native—" For safety. He heard there was a New York newspaper reporter in the woods, interviewing the lions and tigers, and he got frightened."—Puck. IT is stated that the selection of Fr. Peter Hotel, O.S.F., Provincial of the Franciscans in Bavaria, as the new Bishop of Augsburg, is intended by the Prince-Regent as a special mark of respect and esteem for the Order of St. Francis. The nomination has been received with universal satisfaction. 