THE MENACING EYE. ▲ Short Dktkctiyk Story. CHAPTER I. . NOT LIKE OTHER RHOSTS. “I believe you’re * ghoit-hanter,” wid Niok Outer, thefamoas detective, u W* lighted our cigar* after lunoheon. “You know it,” w»« my reply. "I'd rather eea a ghoat than any live man oa earth. But, aomehow, I don’t have any luok.” “Here's a ehanoe for you. It’a a eaae I’ve been asked to take, and I positively haven’t the time.” “ What are the facta ? ” “ Edward Hamilton, son and heir of the late Robert Hamilton, who, by the way, was a highly cultivated gentleman, and at the same time a- crank of the first water—ia having a lot of trouble in bia father’s house at Wantagh, on Long Island. “ He and hia wife inherited moat of the money, I believe. There waa another son, but he aeems to have been left. “ Mr and Mrs Hamilton are living in the house where the old man died. It seems that the wife has baen suddenly strleken by a. disease whioh threatens to make her a hopeless, bed-ridden invalid. “Hamilton is terribly grieved by that, and ia in such a nervous state that it ia hard to get a 'straight story oat of him. He was at my house this .morning. “ The net result of my questions waa the belief that somebody it trying to frighten him with the ghost racket, “He won’t tell me what he'a aeen,but, from the effect upon him, I judge that it must have been something unusual, and the work of a olever triokster. “Now, the point is here: I ean’t go down there on ohances; I haven't time to spare. Bat if you’ll go down and look the ground over, I'U agree to help you out if the affair gets too.exciting for you.” “ I'd like nothing better,1 was my prompt response. “ I’ll go down this evening. Any speoial instructions ? ” I haven’t any instructions,” he replied, “ but I have a word of oaation. ' Don’t fool with thia business. Remember that there ia a good deal of money in the Hamilton estate, and thia ghost work must have some bearing on it. Now, if a gang down there is playing for high stakes, they’ll probably take long chanc-s, and if yon get in their way, you’re likely to get hurt." “ I shoot fairly well, Niok j thanks to yonr instructions,” said I. “How about somebody else getting hurt ? ” “Well, that looks reasonable, too,” he said, “ and I should muoh prefer it to be thit We parted, and I went on my way rejoio ing, The job promised no end of fan, and in spite of Nick’s warning, I couldn’t see any bloodshed in it . However, when I was received by Mr Edward Hamilton that evening in the' large and shadowy parlor of hia late father’s residenoe, there was an excellent six- shooter in my pistol-pocket. Mr Hamilton was a man of distinguished appearauoo. He was tall and slender, and his faoe was well ohiseled, bat exoesiively thin. A glance at him showed the disturbed condition of his miud. “ I am very glad to.see yen,” he said. “ Mr Garter was afraid he wouldn’t be able to do anything for me. “Iam in desperate trouble. I have just lost my father, my wife is hopelessly ill, there are seriqus and perplexing cetnplioa. tions in my father’s affaire, now of ooarse in nu charge; and to pap all this, I am tortured by- a mystery whioh positively has no natural explanation.” “ Mr Carter prepared me to hear some thing of this kind,” I said, “ bnt he did not explain the nature of the strange manifesta tions which have disturbed you." He spent some time in thought. At last '• I believe that it will be better for me not to attempt to describe what I have seen. There are reasons why I shonld prefer simply to give you the opportunity of en countering an experienoa similar to mine. “ I am far from trusting say own observa tion and judgment. I am in a highly nervous condition, as a r<*ult of anxiety and lots of sleep. It may be that this horror ia only an hallnoination. At any rate, I am anxious to compare yonr observa tions with my own. I want you to oecupy to-night the room where I have slept—or. rsther lain awake—for the last fonr nights.” “ That is' exaotly what I was abont to suggest,’1 I replied, “but I. would add that no person but onrtelves should know of this. You will assign me a room, and it will be understood in the house that I am here as a physician whose opinion yon have desired regarding your wife’s illness. When we have both gone to onr rooms, in the sight of one of the servants’if possible, we will, with the ut most secrecy, change about ” Mr Hamilton agreed to this, and we said nothing more about the supernatural side of the affair. I naked him oertain questions concerning his father’s estate, and elicited only one fact that seemed at all unnsnal.” The testator, in his will, had mentioned a sum of money which nobody had been able to find. The will stated that a memo randum regarding it wonld be found in the late Mr Hamilton’s private drawer in his safe. No snoh memorandum was there. Tne soil was of the opinion that the money mentioned, whioh had been with drawn from a shaky bank at the time of the late panic, had been subsequently de posited elsewhere, and that a record of that transaction would be discovered^ iu his fathers accounts, which were being examined by experts. Tne amount was one hundred and eight thousand pounds, the odd thousands being in gold and the bulk in notes. While I immediately connected this mystery in my mind with all the rest of the trouble whioh Mr Hamilton had had, I was by no means able to explain the rela tion that they bore to eaoh other. It was possible that Mr Hamilton was concealing something from me; that he knew where the money wan, and to whom he shoo’d rightfully pay it, and that the ghostly work was' being made to awaken bln conscience. I did not subject him to any cross-ques tioning. The faot is, that he was so ner vous that I was afraid he would go orsxy before my eyes. We spent a most melan choly evening in eaoh other's sooiety, and went to onr rooms abont ten o'clock. Several times during the evening he had visited the apartment where Mrs Hamilton lay sick. That room was separated from lie only bv a dressing-room. The whole ’oimed a suite ef whioh the room where Mr Hamilton had slept had been the study. It seems that his father had been a student and an author. I thought that our exchange of rooms vas managed very cleverly. I did not bo* ieve that anybody saw us. No sooner was I in the room whioh Mr Hamilton had occupied, than I made a iareful examination. The doors were an nually heavy, and of course I looked them both, and secured the keys in suoh a mau ler that no’ one oould gain eatranoe by means of nippers. I could discover no secret entrance. It vss a corner room, and therefore, of ■ourse, there were two exterior walls, though one of them did not ran the entire length of the apartment There was a -com adjoining it at that point whioh I lid not explore, butithere was absolutely rio meins of communication between it and my own, except through the hall. When I had finished my examination, I was really disappointed. The expiriencs promised to ba like so many others— itterly devoid of any unnsnal feature. When X lay down to rest in the re markably large and lnxurions bed, 1 had io moro idea of being disturbed daring the aight by sny supernatural visitor than I osd of waking up to find myself in the moon. However, I had a revolver in the drawer f a little stand near the head of my bed, •ndit was ready for instant service. After . yiug awake for abont an hqnr, wondering why ghtita doa’fc oome. wtarn they wsuld bo 10 sure of a cordial welcome, I dropped into a sound sleep, 1 was awakened by something which touched my faoe. My impression; as I started np in bed, was that a draught of cold air had blown upon me. Then I was conscious of a sound. I oouldn't describe it; every one knows the rustle and murmur which indicate the presence of a human .being—par haps I would batter say, several human beings, for there seemed to be noises in various quarters of the room. This wns promising. I was quite grati led to peroeive indications that something was going to happen. Very gently. I leaned over and put out my hand toward the place where tne little stand had been. It was not there. ; - rl was not nearly so .muoh -gratified by this occurrence as.I had beeiLby what had pueeded it. I suddenly began to want the pistol very muoh. I was on the point of leaping oat of bed, when, suddenly, through tne absolute darkness a fine, bright ray of light shot exactly into my eyes. For an mutant I was completely dazzled. Then the ray almost faded, and instead of it I saw something that scared me worse than I was ever scared before, or ever expect to be again. Right in the middle of the darkness there was an eye. It waB like a human eye—though much distorted and dreadful in its expression—but it was nearly a foot incitmeter! S. There it stood, without bodily surround ings, without a single visible member to keep it company. It shone upon me with a dreadful intensity impassible to describe. It shone by its own light. And it was alive, for, as.I g«zsd upon it, the lid slowly opened wider, i he pupil con trasted, the glare of the great and awful object baoame brighter and more meias ing. 