Provincial Pickings. From Qua Exoranqes, Bays tho Maekay Uemiru : Tho dry weather appears to have delayed the appearanco of tho beetles. Either thoy oaunot, or do not care to, faoo'tha boated ground, and though some have boon found, when digging, it is only during this weok that any have been seen on tho trees. About 30 pounds weight of tho pest have beon scoured ut Hubana. It. is anticipated that there will not bo a large crop of booties this your as many have been found dead in the ground. Mr. Justice Ohubb has beon found guilty of a joke (says tho Cairns Argus). In tho Supremo Court, Towusviilo, tho othor day, Mr. M'Naughton indiouted . that tho avldonoo would bo lengthy, and as several nautical raon were witnesses it would probably bo very con- flioting. His honour evidently had had soma previous experionoo of the faoility with whioh sailors oontrudiatod oaoh other when giving evidence, for he remarked, " Whoa sailor meets sailor thon oomcs tho tug uf oath." The following are the details published in the Fndeavoitr Jteaeoi i of Dccombor 12 ooncorn- Ing tho ornahing of two small parcels of Btone' taken from the Pioneer olalm at Horn Island ; Ono lot weighed 21 cwt. 10 lbs., and tho other ' 27 owt. 12 lbB. The bar of gold yielded was 29 ozs. 1 dwt, 0 grs. When this reached tho mint in Sydney it was paid for Us 2UJ- oza. standard gold, valued at £3 17s, lOjd. per ox. Even though the reef is not large, IS ozs, to the ton of standard gold is a good thing. Matters political have not yet taken a vory pronounoed turn (says tho Goondiwindi corns- spondont of tho St. Gcorgo Standard), and until tho ballot of tho U.P.O. has beon taken in January for tho solootion of a oandidate in tho labour interest, nothing of iraportnncq noed be looked for. In til" meantime, those best able to judgo think that Mr. Gongh will be tho one selected to do battle, and that tho fight will renlly lie botwoon him and the present member, Mr. Foxton. Of course "Oor Tam" says that ho lias sufficient support to mako his return cortain, but he is not generally considered to have tho ghost of a chance, therefore ho onn be at onco put aside. Other numcH have beon moutioned as probable candidates, but it is almost a certainty that only two, or, at most, three, will go to the poll. Tlie Torres Straits Pilot, of the 7th instant, is responsible for the following : If tho authori ties will but loavo_ the Japanese alone there is a strong probability of tfioir killiug thoinaolves out of Torres Straits, and thus roliovo thoir opponents of a fair mark upon whioh to vont tlioir discontent. Murders, suioides, and deep- water paralysis are getting hobbies with this eastern race, On Saturday night tho Jugger Water Lily, owned by M(r. T. Sntow, roturncd to port with her diver dead through diving in about 14 fathoms off the Warrior (Whopper Roofs). Hamngnohi was tho unfortunate fellow's namo, and he was about 20 years of ago, being new to tho diving work, but pos sessed of sufficient pluok to go down deop enough to find his death pressure. To bo killed in 14 fathoms lio must have beon phyBioally weak ; but it is more than likely he waa down 24 fathoms. Tho tendora and crow invariably give a lesser dopth than actually oxistod to relievo themselves of trouble whioh t boy imagine may come. Miss E, 0. Curtis, second daughtor of Mr. G. S. Curtis, M.L A. ; Miss L. M. 0. Callu- ghan, daughter of Dr. W. Callaghan ; Miss J. Lipstino, daughter of Mr. 8. Lipstino ; and Miss L. M. Ourter, second daughter of Mr. artar, senior partner in tho firm of Messrs. Carter and Sons— wont to Sydney from Rook- htimpton about a fortnight ago (says the Bulletin of the 12tU instant) for the purposo of taking part in the annual examinations hold in connection with the Sydney Collogo of Musio. Miss Curtis wont np for examina tion in tho violin (udvanaod stngo) and theory (primary pass); Miss Cnlinglian in _ the piano (Intermediate) and theory (primary piuw) ; Miss Lipstino in tho piano (ndvapaed) and theory (primary pass) ; and Miss Carter in tho piano (advanced) and theory (intermediate honours). On tho llth instant a private telegram was received in Rookbamptop, stating that all four passed the prautinal examination and Misses Callaghan, Lipstino, und Carter hud. also passed in theory. Miss Carter's namo was first in tho list of passes in tiro practical examination, and she Secured honours both in pruotioo and theory. This news is exceedingly gratifying, showing that thoro are growing up in Rookhampton now u number of very clover and capablo musioians. It also redounds to tiro orodit of Horr Hngo, thoir teaolior, who is the first of Rooklinmpton's musio instructors that has ventured to submit his pupils to the test of a collogo examination. 