Easy Chair Jottings. "Alas, poor ghost!" I can sym- pathise with the dreaded bogie man who, dressed in most uncanny costume, has been suggesting unpleasant probabilities to some suburban residents. The vile imi- tator has come upon him, and in the most contemptible way has de- prived him of a share of his justly- earned notoriety. It is hard, in- deed, that, just when hd should have almost succeeded by his fan- tastic vagaries in convincing half the old maids of Melbourne that he is in truth a visitant from shadow- land, jealous rivals should make the ghost business so common that in all probability spectral visita- tions will shortly be as numerous as were those of the Tantanoola tiger a little while back. Like a weak moth fluttering around a candle, Dr. Field Flowers Goe cannot leave the Catholic Church alone, notwithstanding that he always comes out of the conflict with singed wings. As they say in Ashantee, the Archbishop of Melbourne was down on his Lordship like a thousand of bricks last week when he ventured to display his ignorance of the teaching of the Catholic Church regarding the sacred Scriptures. Reading Dr. Goe's remarks at the Bible meeting, which brought upon him that castigation we all so much enjoyed last Saturday, I have become impressed with the idea that his Lordship regards the wholesale distribution of the Scrip- tures as the great aim and object of Christianity. If that is so, a few express messengers mounted on bicycles would do more for re- ligion in one week than the whole chapter of St. Paul's could accom- plish in two centuries, and at one- hundredth of the cost. In these days of depression, when funds are not so easily obtainable as in the good old days, I commend this suggestion to his Lordship's earnest attention, and, should it meet with his approval, I shall be most happy to recommend a few godly young men, guaranteed free from all taint of Popery, who will be most happy to do the work for a con- sideration. But should he adopt the sug- gestion, what shall we do with the displaced parsons? We have more than enough unemployed already, and Mr. Turner's cup of troubles will be full if he is to be pestered by the Rev. Mr. Jones, formerly incumbent of Smithville, who is anxious to obtain a job at six shil- lings a day on the Kow-wee-rup drainage works, or the Rev. Dr. Miserable Sinner, late rector of the snug living of Sankey's Creek, who would be for ever grateful if afforded a little light employment in painting the Government offices. In all seriousness, however, it may fairly be asked what becomes of the million volumes of the Scrip- tures distributed year after year in heathen countries by the agents of the Bible Society? Reading the reports of the agents themselves and of Protestant travellers, it would seem that these expensive pub- lications are generally devoted to the meanest purposes. For instance, Dr. Wells Williams tell us that bibles were to be seen in his day on the counters of shops in Macao cut in two for wrapping up medicines and fruit, which the shopman would not do with the worst of his own books, while at his house at Shaouking Mr. Burdon, a Protestant missionary, found an opium- smoker with his head propped up by a volume of the Testament. A third writer casually mentions that the Albanians make waddings for their guns of the leaves of the society's bibles if they have no other material. An Irishman is the soul of good nature and manly straightforward- ness, and, as a rule, would not de- prive any one, not even the hated Sassenach, of one iota of that to which he was justly entitled. But sometimes Pat is made a thief in spite of himself, and in this way has been known to acquire a repu- tation for a monopoly in the manu- facture of "bulls;" which records show he is by no means entitled to. During the progress of an insult- ing behaviour case at Brighton, one day last week, Mr. Sievwright, a barrister engaged for the defence, inquired of a witness, "Were you far off when you came up to him?" Now, if Mr. Sievwright had been an Irishman! Our next distinguished literary visitor will be Mark Twain, who is due in Melbourne on the 17th of September. Australians will read with deep disgust that Mark is going to spend three months in the colonies, in order to obtain material for a book on Australasia. For impudence you can't beat the Yank, but I think the cool im- pertinence of our coming visitor, who thinks he can learn all about Australia while flitting through per express, must bring the blush to the cheek of even his own countrymen. TAPLEY. 