TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth page of this issue:—Com mercial, An Extraordinary Charge, Ghost-Hunting, General Gordon's Death, Dean's Marsh, The Armenian Question, Daly's Case, A Solomon Island Tragedy, The Hew York Police Reform, Max j Nordau on Degeneracy. Messrs Pennys, Lascelles, Austin and I Co., wool brokers and shipping agents, announce in our advertising columns the arrangements they have made for a j direct sail and steam service from Gee« long during the wool season. The s.s. Craiglte will leave for Sydney and northern ports on the 11th mst., and will be followed by other steamers at intervals of 10 and 14 days. The full powered steamships, Gulf of Genoa and Gulf of Venice, will be despatched during this month, the former for London, and the latter for Dunkirk and Hull; and the Gulf of Siani will leave for Manchester direct in November, and other steamers of the Gulf line will be despatched every subsequent fortnight for ports as re quired. The Port line s.s. Ettrickdale will also be despatched for London and Dunkirk about the 22nd inst. The same firm will, in conjunction with Messrs Shannon, Murray and Co., despatch the fast clipper ships Loch Katrine, Loch Ness, and Loch Tay, for London, during the season. These steamers and sailing vessels have all splendid accommodation for passengers, as well as vast carrying capacity, which it is anticipated wilt he | fully required to convey onr exports, which are yearly increasing, to the home | markets. Very great improvements have been already effected in the various wards at the Geelong Hospital, and in fact the whole place is to be supplied with new flooring. That this was urgently re quired is plainly noticeable upon inspect* ing the old flooring board, which stiff bear the traffic in the lower portions of the premises. In place of the old hard wood timber with crevices between the boards, which have become filled up with the dirt and dust from time to time swept over the flooring, the hospital authorities have substituted narrow kauri pine boards all being tightly wedged together with screw nails driven in from the side. The use of nails i n fastening the hoards to the cross beams of the floor, has been studiously avoided, so that there is not the slightest dent or ! crack in the wood to permit of a speck of dust finding a lodgment. The whole j of the hoards have been thoroughly planed, and. made perfectly level and smooth, the surface being afterwards | dressed with beeswax and turpentiuo, presenting a glossy appearance and enabling tbe floors to be easily and satis factorily swept. Another great improve ment effected is the substitution of the very best linoleum of different patterns for the dust-accumulating and germ-carrying cocoanut fibre matting. The wards, passages, pantries, bathrooms, etc., have each been fitted up in the way described, I and the internal walls of the whole build- | ing have undergone a thorough renova tion in oil-paiuts of warm and comfort able colors, and the place is now of a | decidedly cleanly description. Singularly enough among the first persons to receive a notice from the town clerk of Geelong that he was indebted to the corporation for a proportion of the total cost of constructing a private drain through section 6, Bellerine ward, between Swanston and Fitzroy streets, was Mr J. IV. Dwyer, the newly- appoin ted rate-collector for the town of Gee long. Mr Dwyer is the agent for certain property at the corner of Fitzroy and Corio streets in the estate of the late Mr Ptk. "Wylie, and the amount claimed in connection with the drainage of the property was about £4. Directly the account was rendered to him Mr Dwyer intimated that a mistake had occurred, for he distinctly recollected having paid the account over four years since to James "NY. Bottomley, ex-rate-collector, and upon referriug to the receipts in his possession Mr Dwyer was able to promptly furnish proof that he, as agent for the property, had duly settled the ac count. ~ A fair start has been made by the rate collector for the town corporation, Mr J.' TV. Dwyer, in collecting the outstanding amounts due to the corporation for the construction of asphalt footpaths, the formation of private streets and the mak ing of drains under the Health Act. It is understood that the total sum due to the corporation for these: works amounts to about £2000, but as it was discovered nearly three months since that several of the accounts believed to be owing to the Town Council had been paid to the officials without the corporation receiving the money, a doubt exists as to how many of the accounts have been so paid. The new collector, however, is serving the neceesary notices calling upon the persons who owe money in respect to such works as those men tioned to pay up with fourteen days from the date of the service of the notice. Much trouble will be avoided and the council greatly helped in speedily arriv ing at a knowledge of the actual amount due to the corporation funds if persons indebted readily assist the collector. News with respect, to Austruliau tourists abroad wus received by the last English mail. Mr Chas. L. Forrest, ex-M.L.A. for Polwarlh and South Grenville, after touring through the States and Canada, arrived in Loudon on the 20th August, and put up at the Hotel Metropole, where he met Mr Thomas Marshall, an old resident of Colae, and Mr llobert Scott, a well known Geelong merchant. The party paid a visit to the Hon. Duncan Gillies, the Agent-General for "Victoria, who was delighted at meeting his old comrade, and a visit was paid to the British House of Parliament, where the travellers had the jileasure of meeting the Marquis of Salisbury, the greatest political central figure in England at the present time. In the House of Commons they heard Speeches delivered by the Bight Hons. Mr Balfour, Sir TV. Harcourt, and Mr TiiuHealev. At the time of the depar ture of the mail (says the " Colac Be former ") Mr Forrest and his companions were about to start tor Paris to spend a few weeks in the French capital prepara tory to an extended trip through France, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy. The consumption of water from the reticulating mains iu Geelong and the suburbs during the week ended on Saturday, 2Sth September, amounted to J j 3,966,000 gallons, malting a total of 4S,250,000 gallons from the 1st July to the 28th ult. The to'.al quantity of/water stored in the reservoirs for the supply of Geelong and the suburbs on the 2Sth September amounted to 408,850,000 gal lons, viz.: Upper reservoir at Stoney Creek, 310,200,000 gallons ; Lower reser voir at Anakie, 93,750,000 gallons ; and Lovely Banks reservoir, 4,900,000 gal lons. The auxiliary supply from the weir dam across the Moorabool River at Ballark continues to flow into the Stoney Creek reservoir at the rate of 2,750,000 gallons per week. For the week ended on Saturday last, 28th September, the rainfall registrations in the Geelong watershed district were us follow : Upper reservoir at Stoney Creek, 75 points oi an inch ; lower reservoir at Anakie, CO points of an inch; and at the Lovely Banks reservoir, near Gee long, 43 points. The total rainfall at the Stoiiev Creek reservoir during the month of September, amounted to 5*50 inches. The mail train from Ballarafc to the metropolis via Geelong, did not reach this town last night until 40 minutes | after the time she was due. The delay, it transpired, was caused by the non arrival of the train from Stawell at the Ballarut railway station at the time fixed | by the time-table. The second of the series of Cinderella dances, for the purpose of rising funds I towards furnishing the stalls at the bazaar to be held in aid of | the Soman Catholic orphanages, com mencing on the 3th December, took I place in the Geelong Recreation Club's ! rooms, Latrobe-terrace, last evening The dance was held in connection with the produce stall, which is being arranged for by Mesdauies Gebbie, Jas. Muuday, and Brockwell. It was patronised by at least 50 couple, and the event was voted an exceedingly pleasant one, the pro gramme of IS dances being of a thoroughly enjoyable description. The | dance music was played by Miss Neill, pianist, in a very creditable manner. The rooms were pleasingly decorated, and furnished in the interests of prome naders, and refreshments were provided I by the ladies who are generously arrang- [ ing for the produce stall at the bazaar. A word of praise is due to Mr Shaw, of Ryrie-street, for the gratuitous loan of crockery and glassware used at the Cinderella dance. The nomination paper of Mr T. F. Seeley, who intends to contest the vacant seat at tho Geelong "West borough council, was lodged with the returning officer yesterday afternoon. Business at the police court yesterday was practically nil, being confined to two debt cases, which were struck out owing to the non-appearance of the parties in terested. The magistrates present were Messrs Fardey and T. N". Couves, J's.F. Some dry bones, apparently those of a human being, which had been quietly mouldering away under a sand heap at Bream Creek, were disturbed yesterday, and information of the discovery was brought into the police. No particulars were available as" to the circumstances under which the remains were brought to light. The rainfall registered at Lovely Banks for the month of September, amounted to 3*83 inches. The rainfall registered for the same month in 1894, was 1-72 inches. , The quantity registered for the nine months of the present year amounts to 15T0 inches; whilst the record for the corresponding period of 1S94 was 11-96 inches, being 3T4 inches in favor of the present year. "Writing to the Camperdown " Chro mcle," a correspondent at Caramut says: " The township never looked so lively nor has there been so much bunt ing flying as on Tuesday last, the occasion of the marriage of Mr R. A. Affleck, of Green Hills, and Miss Con stance ' De Little, of Caramut House. The inside of the church was beautifully decorated with flowers, a large wedding hell suspended from festoons of flowers hung ovor the altar, while . the chancel was decorated' with . ferns, lillies, etc. The bride was given away by ber brother, Mr E. R. De Little; the bridesmaids were Misses Affleck {2} and Simpson; Mr H. G-. "Whitehead's two little boys acted as pages, and MrB. Mann acted as best mau. The ceremony was performed by the Dean of Ballarat, assisted by the Rev Jas. Wagg, B.A., of Mortlake. Mrs H. De Little played the " Wedding March" as the happy pair left the church. The dead body of a swagman, name unknown, was found on Sunday mornin° in a shed near the residence of Mr j! Wakehain, of Ballau. It seems that the deceased called'on Mrs Wakeliam on Saturday night, and asked for a shake down. He said that he felt unwell, and was on his way to Gordon.. In conversa tion the man remarked that his wife and family were all dead. Mrs Wakeham gave him somo'hot soup. He went to bed, and was not seen alive again. Deceased was about SO years of age. On searching his pockets the sum of £5 10s 9Ad was found. In connection with Miss Jennings Car miehael's appearance at the Mechanics' Institute next Friday evening, the follow ing parasraph from a recent issue of the "Sydney Bulletin" iu reference to the lady's successful entertainment iu Mel bourne is interesting: "The Bush Spirits ' resemblance to Lord Hopetoun's black eyed spouse was probably her strongest claim to the Toorak vote. Apropos ofthe likeness, a year or two ago, as Miss Car michael and a ^humble pressman were leaving the Friucess, a vigilant flunkey llung open the Royal carriage door pre pared to receive Her (vice) Majesty. The face of the mistaken menial, as he beheld the lady-bard walking off with a common mortal in a cut-away coat, was a thin" to remember. For the moment he may have feared that lus gracious goveruoress was doing a niash." Some necessary improvements Lave been recently decided upon in connection with the premises of the Cobden Butter Factory Company. The tender of Messrs Humble and Nicholson, of the Vulcan Foundry, Geelong, for the supply of a new boiler for the factory was accepted. Satisfactory progress is being made in the eurotuieut of students at Gordon College for the new term. Yesterday the classes for cookery, mechanical drawing, plumbing, and carpentry (theoretical) assembled in good numbers. This after noon Miss Gibson's dressmaking class will meet; for the benefit of those who ,■ were unable to attend last term, the instruction, will include both cutting and making, In the after noon, also, Mr Beuzow's German class will resume, aud in the eveuiug practical carpentry, arithmetic (commercial and technical), veterinary business, aud writ ing aud correspondence will he the sub jects tor which classes will be formed. It is to he hoped that even better results as regards enrolments may ho recorded, seeing that this week commences a term, and that it is desirable for all intending students to start at once. The captain of an Ame|"can vessel reports having discovered in a cavern on tlio Greenland coast IS human skeletons, which are supposed to belong to some unfortunate polar expedition. A new kind of clot bus being manufac tured at Lyons from the down of poultry. It is light and warm. A Congress for tlio Protection of Children, sitting at Bordeaux, recom mended that artificial food should he forbidden in the case of infants under six months of age, that from six months to 12 the food should ho milk with a little farinaceous material or the yellow of eggs, and that from one to two years tlm diet should consist of milk, eggs, mashed vegetables, tapioca, and a little boiled fish. The feeding-bottle with indiarubber tubing was absolutely con demned. George Dean, having been seen by the members of his defence committee, has uiade a statutory declaration delving that he ever, during his incarceration in gaol, or at any other tiuie,made any con fession as an admission of his guilt, or •which could be taken as an admission of his guilt of having administered poison to his wife with intent to kill. He had alwavs asserted, and he now eiujihati caily'repeatod it, that ho was innoceut of the said charge. The statement of his having purchased poison was absolutely untrue. He never haudled poison in his life, and he made that declaration with a full knowledge of the penalty that accrued for wilfully making a false state ment in it. The Premier of South Australia has sent- the following telegram to the Premier of Hew South AVales:—"It occurs to us that Australian relations with Japan are of such importance that it is desirable they should bo discussed by a conference of representatives of the Australasian Governments with a view to united action. AA'e will be glad to hear if New South AA'ules will be able to take part in the suggested conference, and, if so, what time and place will best suit you. AVe think the treaty might well be made a federal question, and that the influx of Japanese into Northern Aus tralia requires prompt federal considera tion. AAre will esteem your early reply a favor. AA*eare communicating with the other Australasian Governments." Similar telegrams were despatched to the Pre miers of the other Australasian colonies. Last evening a meeting of the members of the Geelong and AA'estern District St. Patrick's Society was held in St. Mary's schoolroom, the president?. Mr L. Gitt iugs, being in the chair. Two new members were elected, and sick yisitors for the ensuing month were appointed. It was mentioned by the president that next Sunday was processional Sunday, and he requested the members to assemble and take part in the procession wearing their regalia. A letter was received from the Ballarat branch of tho H.A.C.B. Society stating that that body felt that it would conduce greatly to the welfare of the two societies if the Geelong society would amalgamate with them. A long discussion ensued on the question, and it was decided to adjourn further discussion till a special meeting be held on Tuesday, the loth inst. The sick visitors' report was received and adopted. Mr John Hotscn gives. confirmatory testimony (says the " Sydney Morning Herald ") as to the weights of sheep now finding favor with British consumers, and bears out the contention that lighter bodied animals were growing in demand. He says that a change has taken place in" the choice of stock, and that, instead of 701b crossbreds being most in favor, the demand has set in for 401b to 531b sheep;" or high-class crossbreds up to 601b. This is all in favor of the merino, and should prove to those who have any doubt on the subject" that there is no need to cross flocks of merinoes that it has taken years to bring to their present perfection with coarse-woolled animals whose frames are larger and heavier than the natural grasses of New South AVales can sud port. ~ Yesterday afternoon a requisition was presented to Mr Thos. Holaen by a la-ge number of the ratepayers of Villamanta ward, asking that gentleman to allow himself to he nominated as a candidate for the vacant seat in the council, which will be occasioned hv the retirement of Cr AAr. T. Appleton. Due consideration to the request was given by Mr Holden, who decided to comply with the requisi tion presented to him. The "South Australian Begister" says:—" Some few days since a reel of paper was washed upon the beach on the South Australian coast, near the Cape Banks lighthouse. Mr AV. L. Hughes furnishes a possible explanation of how the paper came there. He says that the ship J. H. Scauimel, which was wrecked on the Victorian coast, near Spring Creek, in 1S91, had on board 25 tons of paper on reels for one of the Melbourne daily newspapers. After the wreck of the vessel he bought the con signment and recovered 21 tons. He considers the reel found may have been carried to its present destination by the action of the tide. He savs he could identify the paper if a sample were sub mitted to him." This evening a sale of gifts will be opened in the Geelong AArest Town Hall aud continued on Thursday afternoon and evening: in connection with the Methodist Free Church in Pakingtdh-street. A subject matter of interest to cab proprietors and drivers was brought under the notice of the Ballarat Town Council's^ Public AVorks committee on Monday in the form of a complaint on | account of cricket and football clubs en gaging furniture vans to convey their teams to the various playing grounds, instead of as formerly employing the cabs. At the meeting of the committee a petition was presented protesting against furniture vans plying for hire" The works committee referred the com plaint to the.Hackney Carriage committee for a report. A laborer, nanied Henry M'Glashan, 20 years of age,: was arrested yesterday afternoon by Constable hi vans for bebav : ing in an insulting manner in Moorabool street. Mr A. A.. Zimmerman, the champiou cyclist of tho world, arrived in Adelaide, with his wife, by the B.M.S. Oruha yesterday morning, t dring to the early hour of the arrival of the vessel no formal reception could be tendered to Mr Zimmerman. He will remain in Adelaide for a month. A new gold discovery has been made in the Mornington district. A prospector named Barnes submitted a specimen weighing two pounds to the Minister of Mines yesterday, one half of which aps pears to be pure gold. On Monday afternoon a meeting of the shareholders of the A'olmn Breiviu Company, Limited, was held in the com puny s boardroom. The ineetiug was presided over by Mr Saml. Young, and it was decided to pay the shareholders a dividend of five per cent, per annum. The dividend will be payable on and alter Saturday next, 5th October. Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies, fiuurch Unions, Lodges, etc , rill please observe that no an nouncements of events to take place are admis sible in such paragraphs unless they refer to au advertisement iu another part of tho paper. n,lVe^atm?rC0.mp,etition 1,1 connection with the Geelong Mutual Improvement Association was decided on Monday evening. The nresi d«ut (Mr G Bradley) occupied the cliair. The Rato nf u- V.;ls' " Is the Minimum Bate of A\ age Practicable r " Four teams entered for the competition, their respective leaders being Messrs J. Cairns and T. Marks m the aihnnative, and Me-vs E E aud J". Blakiston in the negative. After a mod interesting discussion, during which several Mo- T rPeSC Were Iunde> tho judges, dedrimPth B:?rr-V und Just, auuounced their decis ou, the prize being awarded to Mr T. Marks team, Mr Blakiston's team bcm~ nmncrs-up. A vote of thanks was passed tS the judges, on the motion of Messrs Wilcox half of H • 1 3h' iu responding on be coumetiters! =' s' -no „dvice°to the To-day is the commencement of the new fX tW C! a,!i-CS' Institute, so that now i-the t me for intending new members to join Whm !:l3'if !nGt,.tuno»- Particulars of mem bersh.p uill be louud iu our advertisement columns and those who arc ignorant of the grout advantages offered for the small sub scription. should not fail to interview the sec r.i lT' - Bennett, who will ho only too ,l;iu to give any information. 1 lie usual.monthly business meeting of the Gordon College A ■ ateur Photographic Asso ciation was held at the Gordon College on , cv'"m"g- Mr Roebuck (president) occu pied the chair, j here was a large attendance o. members.^ Correspondence was received from thei secretaries of the Working Men's College, MlimtPholo Club, aud Victorian Societv : Alt l,. Mart, re forming committee for secolid Exhibition. It was decided to iT?-1 committee a'id sub-committee t Tho P'T^ial prizes of tl.n i t L' ,v=«ve wUttriv Bakcr aud Rouse aud Mr mil the ar " a,1!l Son" Eeoueu for visitors ZL■ .ST?Journals were received Pimtn" T„ - E'eas." "Australian Practice? !™1!' " ,ev'°"' of Reviews." " The lo?mr! I autographer," and several cata ™ako sample prints of tlie tllc new P,lI7r- PC1" Mr J. Dentry. Mr \V. Wilson thn ooim!,e fa '"eHll'or. Tlie concert in aid of co lece fugds is to he held iu November, ill the Mechanics'Institut A large committee wa3 elected, Mr Brm=ir.cid being appointed to act as secretary to tin concert committee. Tt was decided to admit junior meni' - rs at the rate of 05 per annum, but with spec* restric tion?. of which tLe j-t-irv will Vc glad 'n supply information, it was agreed that the association should give a gold medal for first prize for the uember "whining th«» most points in the monthly competitions, from October meeting to 1996 meeting. The - secret iry pro mised to give •* second prize medal. The first cempetiiion is to be the best portrait take during October. The September competition was won by Mr J. WadeltoiTs best portraits, not retoucher. After the business hud been transacted, the members enjoyed a " free-and easy '* fruit social. Mr Ned Campbell will sell by auction in his rooms on Thursday next, at a quarter to one, 222 acres 3 roods 3G perches of land, near liokewood, and known as Albert Gellett's land. The secretary of the Geelong Hospital begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following gifts during September: 5 parcels uiagazro»<s, Air Washbourue ; I do books and papers, friend : 2 do papers. Mis A. Douglass ; 1 basket violets, St. George's -Sunday school, per Mrs Wilkinson : 1 parcel papers, Mr War burton ; 1 gift flowers, Mrs Meikle : 1 parcel magazines. Miss Curdie : 1 do papers, anony mous ; 1 do magazines, anonymous: 1 do pipers and 1 truss, Mr Robinson; 1 do papers. Miss "Wilson t 1 do illustrated papers, Dr Morrison ; 1 do journals. Miss X». Miles ; 1 do journal*, Mrs W. Tulloch ; 4 dozen eggs, Mrs Ireland. The secretary of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations during September. 1S95: —Messrs W. Sis sons, 10s z P. Cballis, Is ; J. Piper. 2s Gd: J. Chis holm, Is Gd ; J. G, Carr. 10s: W. Martin, 2s 6d ; W. p. Backer, £2 ; Primitive Methodist S.S., Pakington-strcet, per J. IS. Pittock, £1 ; Mis M. Adams. 2s Gd ; employes Victorian Soap and Caudle Co., Gs; employes Albion Woollen Mills, £1 ISs; employe? Messrs Bright and Hitch cocks, £1 6s Gd; Chflwell State school, per Mr Hocking, classes V. a*d VI. 4s od. IV. 2s oJ, m. 5s 2d, IL 4s Id, I. Gs 5(1, total £1 2s Gd : Flinders State school, per Mr Attwood, classes V. 2s Sd, IV. 4s, III. Gs 3d, I- 0$ Sd, total ISs 7d ; employes at Von Mylius Bros.. 12s Gd; E. H- Hawkesworth, Ss; em ployes Marnock Vale tannery, Gs ; Von Mylius JBros^ box soap, value 9s. It is intimated, in our advertising columns, tliafc the jiarinership of Messrs T. Peters and H. T. Howard, timber merchants, has been dissolved, and the business will be carried on by Mr Howard. The annual general meeting of the members of the Barwon Rowing Club will beheld at S o'clock on Thursday evening, in the Mechanics' Institute. A special meeting of the governors of and subscribers to the Geelong Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum will be held at 4 30 p.m. on Wednesday. 9th October, in the board room of the institution. A notice of interest to ratepayers of the shire of Leigh appears in our advertising columns. The anniversary of the V-~M"_C A -will he celebrated by tea and public meetings in the hall on Tuesday, Sth October. The fourth "term of the Central College, Skene-sfreet (Misr Clanchy, principal), com mences on Tuesday, Sth October. A court for the revision of the burgess list for the THIamanta ward of the town of Gee long will be held at 11 o'clock, fHT*; forenoon, in the Town Hall, in Little Malop-street. On Friday evening, at eight o'clock, a preli minary meeting of delegates representing church penant hard-wicket cricket teams will beheld in Messrs Duckworth and Fox's room?. To-morrow evening Whitburn and Akaemail's Xew Empire Company will make their first appearance in Geelong in the Exhi bition Theatre. The progiainme to be sub mitted consists of ballads, farces, burlesques, and a number of selections upon hand bells, cornets, musical glasses, etc., and. Mr Will Whitburn will contribute several comic ditties, etc. The management have decided to chaige popular prices, and trust that as they are bringing a powerful combination to the town they will be well patronised. Attention of music lovers is directed to the announcement in another column of a grand sacred concert to be given in the High Church, Gheringhap-street. this evening, under the cnnductorship 01 Mr G. W- Steedman, organist. The church choir will be gritted by many leaomg amateurs, and the success of the t& hearsals promises a great musical treat. The proceeds will be in aid of the choir improve ment fond. 