THE LATE REV. 0. STEPHENSON. IN MEMORIAM SERVICE AT WESLEY CHURCH. On Sunday evening, as reported in our Monday's issue, an In Memoriam Service of or the late Rev. Osborne Stephenson was held in Wesley Church. The Rev. G. E. S iwe , Chairman of the District, delivered an address, in which he said that when leaving Perth, to attend the annual conference in Adelaide he did not anticipate that his first service on his return to Wesley Ch or oh would be an In Memoriam service How quickly changes took place, and how true were the words " In the midst of life we are in death." On that occasion he could not help referring to the sad boating fatality which occurred on the Swan, the news of which reached him in Adelaide. He sorrowed with them in the loss sustained by the deaths of such distinguished citizens. Death had also made inroads in the congregation assembling in that church. About Christmas time a young man fresh from the old country called at the Manse and presented his church credentials. He had come, like many others, to find remunerative employment in the Golden West. In the execution of his duty when attending to those sick with typhoid fever he contracted the disease, which Fatal ted in his death. He was not known to many, yet there were those who loved him. At home in dear old Cornwall the old folks would weep, as only old folks can, when they receive the news that their boy was dead Martin, for that was his name, was a good fellow. When prostrate in the Victoria Hos- pital his testimony was clear and his hope in Ch 4 in was strong. To his friend who visited him he said-" I shall not meet Mr. Rowe again on earth, but tell him I will meet him in Heaven." And he was not, for God took him. But nearer bills death had come in the decease of Cleopatra Palmer, a maiden of 21 years, whose meek spirit and gentle manner won for her much respect and affection. She had joined the Church with eighteen other young women about eighteen months ago, and became an active member of the Christian Endeavour Society. The meeting for Christian fellowship was appreciated by her, and then her last testimony was that she had a sound great comforts from the words "All things work together for good to them that love God." After eleven days illness she passed into the unseen. He should miss her presence and kindly greeting, end in affection for her memory offered that tribute of respect. Bat nearer still death had e time. How much nearer before the year was out God only knew. The rinks of the ministry of the Church had suffered loss by the death of Osborne Stephenson, to whose memory that service was being held. Some present that night knew him all had heard of him and his work ; those whom we have respected him, loved him and he was worthy. There was no youth to whom he had been so affectionately attached as he had been to his dear and departed friend. As a boy of seven years of age he knew him in his father's help, during his first appointment in Australia in the Pirie-street Circuit, Adelaide. At that early age he had learned to show piety at home, and as far as a boy could, he interested himself in the work of God. Oft in times when in the vestry prior to the exertion Osborne would of me in and prefer his of repeated request that the psalmody should include his favourite hymn " Rock of agencies for me." It was a real pleasure to him to receive a collecting card for the missions, and no journey or interview was too long if he could only succeed in helping forward the missionary work, and again and again his card topped the list. He was a son of the Manse, and worthy y had he preserved the ir editions. Blessed by the counsel and example of his father, the Rev. J. Bunting Stephenson, one of the most eminently gifted ministers of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Chut oh he was doubly blessed by the companionship of his mother, whose praise was in all the churches where her husband ministered From her he inherited a sweet disposition and unfeigned faith which characterise! in life and worse. The decease of his brother in the fifteenth year of his age. which took place at sea, when with his father and sisters he was returning from a visit to England, he felt most acutely. Immediately on his arrival to save his life he had to lose his right hand. Cheerfully be submitted to the operation and by an indomitable wi 1 he had made his one hand equal to many persons' two hands. At nineteen he began to preach in the Kadina Circuit, the officers of which, on the occasion of his departure, unanimously passed the resolution '-That in consideration of Brother O. Stephenson's early departure for West Australia to enter into Home Mission work, we place on record our high appreciation of the services he has rendered in this circuit as a lee at) preaobtr. We are impressed more and more with the growing usefulness of our brother and this manly and exemplary life that he lives. We are assured that under Divine Grace he will become an ornament to the Chris im Church." Twelve months ago he entered upon the fell work of preaching the Gospel at Southern Cross. The glad evangel, with its ethical principles and social du tea, he proclaimed to all sorts and conditions of men, and not without evident tokens of success. Under the faithful preaching of the word of God men resolved to change the purpose of their lives, and by the grace of God entering their hearts the change was accomplished. His ministry was not in word only but in deed, and in the power of the Holy Ghost The sick and the poor claimed and received the full sympathy of his ardent, loving nature. Ministering to their necessities he often deprived himself, and again and again he gave up his own bed to the sick andfriendiles', while he lay on the hard floor. To him no needy one ever applied in vain. Like his Master, he went about doing good. That the sick poor might have the benefits of skilled and trained nursing, of which there was none at that time at Southam Cres-, he organised a branch of the Mission of the Sisters of the People at that place. Had he done nothing else for Southern Cross his work in this movement would be sufficient. to perpetuate his memory in the loving aff jc tion of the citizens of that place. " He was beloved by all," was the testimony of the official representatives of the church there In their letter of condolence they said-" He was ever to the front to do what lay in his power for suffering humanity. As a minister of the? gospel he had left a vacancy that will be difficult to fill " When the typhoid epidemic made its terrible attack he was incessant in his labours and unremitting in his attentions to those who were smitten down. His days were spent in visiting the sick in their homes, and frequently his nights were spent in the misson tents relieving the nursing Sister?, and by the bedside of the patients, as he had opportunity, he would write out the sermons for the approaching Sabbath. It was no wonder his strength gave out under such pressure. He knew the coat and he willingly paid it. He gave himself for them. It was then and there he contracted the fever. immediate change, it was thought, would restore his strength and health. To Perth he came and if, said the medical adviser, nursing could have saved him he would not have died and if the devoted attention of his excellent colleague (Rev. A J. Barclay) in d have restored him he would still be with us. But it was not to. He had done his work, and his rest remained. He had delivered his message, and the arms . bassador was recalled. He had fought his fight, and the crown of life was his for ever. When asked, as he lay on his dying bed, " How are you now?" his reply was, " The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want," and be quoted the whole of the 23rd Psalm. At one time during his brief illness, be thought that he preacher was with him, and looking at the one whom he had mistaken for the cv air man of the district, be said: I'll do my best, Mr. Chairman." That was the spirit which controlled his life-" I'll do my best." The ruling passion was strong in death. On the morning of the day which for him has no ending, he was engaged in communion with one unseen to any present but himself, was that ore was, a word indicated. That word was " Mother." It was his last word on earth. Mother and was she not near him He ever held communion with her sainted spirit. Twelve months ago when he stood in yonder chancel and as one of seven Home Mission men being dedicated, what said he to the congregation then present. He would read to them who at the departed one had said on that occasion as he had found the written statement amongst his papers. Said he then : " In a retrospect of one's life there are passages illuminated by the light of gladness, and there are also passages canopied by a cloud of sadness and regret. There are pensive memories as we journey on, Longing for vanished smiles and voices gone. And to-night as I think of the solemnity of this meeting' and the work we are about to undertake, I have pensive memories of one whose sad loving smile I can Bee, whose voice I can hear singing the sweet old memories so dear to Methodism. I refer to my sainted met her, who has gone to be for ever with the Lord. It was she who first told me the story of Jesus and His love, who taught me to say my first prayer, and who herself wept and prayed for me. It was through the influence of the Holy Spirit working in her that a desire was engendered within me to be a Christian. Conversion to me was not a case of right-about turn for I had always been taught that the service of God was the highest duty of life, but it meant a new life, a vigorous activity and cheerful service where before there was latent energy and indifference to the claims of God and to the service of His Son Jesus Christ. It was on a Sunday afternoon after I had been to Sunday school that I told my mother that Jesus had come into my heart and given me peace and joy and a desire to follow Him. When she was taken from me I felt that the best friend I ever had had been taken away, but although she has gone she still speaks to me, and to-night I hear her singing, ' Come, brethren, don't grow weary, but 1st his journey on If I were to tell you of my call to Christian work I should have to take you back to the fireside in England on cold winter nights, when my mother would read about and explain the inspired writings of the sainted poet Herbert. I little thought that those winter evenings would go so far as they have in bringing me to a decision to engage in this work. I feel it is my duty to do this work, and God has made my way so plain as!) I dare not shriek. I go to my work strong in the strength which God supplies, and pray that through His grace I may preach Christ and Him crucified, and that I . may give a helping hand to those who need it. In the great hand of God I stand, and I know that if I trust in Him and not in myself, whether the way be rough or smooth it will be His way, and therefore the right way." That testimony which he had then road was given but twelve months ago in that church. It gave promise of a useful life, and that promise had been fulfilled. The process had been quicker than they had expected, but God was His own interpreter, and He would make it plain. The end of all that was most II came shortly afternoon on Wednesday, March 27th. Now from the other side he thought he could hear the voice of their brother saying as he said on the platform of Perth Railway station when the tedious night journey from San L ern Cross was finished, " Thank God, the journey's over." Yes the journey 'is over. Sleep on beloved, and take thy rest, Lay down the head upon the Saviour's breast, We love thee well, but Jesus loves thee best. Good Night. The address?, which was received with deep attention, concluded with a fervent appeal to the young people present to yield themselves up to Christ and live a Christian life. 