A GHOST ON WHEELS. The Age states that some uneasiness has been created among residents of Richmond by the appearance of the mischievous idiot who lias been figuring in the northern suburbs. The 'ghost' was seen in three different parts of Richmond on the night of the lGth insL, its movements bcincr TacUirised by a remarkable celerity of pacc. The first intimation regarding it was re* csived from a youth who was badly frightened in a small, dark thoroughfare branching off Punt-road, opposite tbc Rich mond Cricket Ground. He states that he first observed in the distance the figure of a man in a soft black hat and big overcoat of the same color, moving along at about the pace of a bicyclist. When within about 10 yards of him the figure whirled round and, throwing open the great coat, exhibited the wordB, '? Prepare to meet thr doom' in luminous paint. The joulh, aghast with fright, stood moiionless, while the figure sped noiselessly towards the Yarra Park. Half nn hour Inter— a few minutes to 12 o'clock— the night watchman in Simp son's-rottd fi-k something whisk past him at great speni,and saw a dark object disappear into a thoroughfare on the oppo rite side of the stm-t. lit; followed, and was just in time to slv it scale a fence over 6ft high. Later on Constable Oonroy encountered Hie same figure at the intersection of Highett and Lennox streets, North Richmond, but it darted off into Separation-street at a speed that is estimated by the constable at 20 miles an hour. Conroy, as soon as the figure moved, guessed what it was, and callcd out, 'Stop, or I'll fire,' but the threat was un heeded. He states, ' I was well within shooting range, but 1 had no revolver with me. Tie figure seemed to move along n leaps and bounds of from 1 2ft to 15ft, making no sound beyond a slight clinking from foraething attached to it* feet or legs. I ran my hardest, but 1 was outpaced after I had gone about 100 wis. 1 saw the object draw up near a pas lamp, a quarter of a mile a.'ieari, and 1 got 25yds of ii, again calling out. -If ;.ou don't stand I'll tire.* In a moment the object, had disappeared from view.' Jt is generally believed that the macqneradcr's rate of-6peed is due to an ap* paratus after the principle of roller 6kat«, with pneumatic tires to the roller. 