Letters to the Editor. The Banks and the Pastoralist. Sir,—I shall be glad if you will- allow me space for a few words on a subject which cannot but be of moment to the majority of your readers. I refer to the attitude of the banks towards all pas toralists in these depressed times, and in connection with the low prices of stock. Reading between the lines of recent stock reports, the public must either think the squatter an unreasoning creature to flood a depressed market, or that there is a power behind the throne of the rules of supply and demand. No one in their senses will accuse the pastoralists of being so overburdened this winter with fats that it pays them to get rid of them at any price, even to the verge of loss. Indeed, an analysis of the class of stock put up for sale would very soon dispel that illusion ; for a prime pen is now remarked upon with painful pride and rarity, so that, as a matter of fact, the market is being rushed with in ferior sheep and cattle at any sacrifice, and with one object—namely, that of responding to the firm demand of the banks and corporations of a like kind for their interest. It were useless to appeal to the banks, to their sense of duty or mercy, or to remind them that in their time of trouble (when many of them put up their shutters with scarcely a thought of their clients) the country at large willingly came to their assist ance, and literally set them on their feet again. It were useless, I say, to appeal by means of sentiment; but there may be some hope of touching them by com mon sense, and pointing out that they are killing, slowly and surely, the goose that lays the golden egg. 'By this I do not wish to insinuate that they should pause to consider the thousands of in dividuals upon whose throat* they are drawing a tighter clutch month by month. Ruin and bankruptcy, broken up homes, bailiffs in residence, and an alteration of social features is a matter not to be considered ; but one can appeal to their pockets, and obtain a hearing right readily. The banks, then, are ruining the* stations, as money making machines, by want of common foresight. Of this there can be a doubt to those who have been in pastoral business for a number of years. It is but a very few years ago that the banks would with ease allow advances from 40s. to 60s. per head, not Including young btock ; now the advance, scarcely obtainable, is from 265. to 305.; and while—which is the most important feature—in the former fully a year was allowed to meet liabilities, the banks of the' present day grind from month to month, grind un ceasingly, on all pastorallsts alike, fair or foul conditions, for payment of cur rent accounts and a reduction, and dur ing a depressed market. Probably there is no country in the world where banks have so little foresight as In Aus tralia. Perhaps it is the national fail ing to make money quickly ; for we find that money is let out freely enough— almost as if it were the speculation of idle funds. But where the scheme has not turned out almost an immediate success, or, as in most cases, where it will require further time for maturity than at first anticipated, the banks put their screw on, and many a live and blossoming project is nipped in the bud. It has not ripened fast enough for the lender, and, therefore, though sound, it must be sacrificed. I cannot say that my experience leads me to think that the pastoraltst* are hardly used in the rate of interest. That is a matter upon which one can obtain widely different opinions from persons paying interest; but there is but one opinion upon the menacing attitude of the banks, and that is that the stations themselves cannot, under such pressure, be farmed in a skilful or wise manner. One can take any portion of the colony and see painful evidences of what is going on. The runs are being depleted, right and left, of their young stock—of their life's blood. On all sides we see immature cattle, with not a ghost of top ping up, apparently the last saleable stock on some run driven to market, only to be followed by another mob from the same station, and, of course, even worse than the former. Toung store bullocks are taken in huge droves to other colonies, sold at prices which hardly pay expenses, and leave the pro perties without saleable assets for a year or more. I see by the " Queenslander" that a Downs man and others state that if this dry weather continues they will not have a fat beast on the place. But no drought ever known in the colonies did the harm or need be feared, as far as the general welfare of our pastoral interests are concerned, as this constant drain on our resources. A drought at least grants to us the sur vival of the fittest ; but the banks call on us to sell our pick, and leave us with the dregs of the herd to fight on with. HJccept in the Western country the aged cattle have been done away with. Where formerly cattle of 5 or 6 years old were alone sent to market, and the owner had the pleasure of seeing his young steers of 3 and 4 years coming on for the fol lowing year, now we have the 3 and 4 years cattle already scarce and remark ably so, and the fattening paddocks turned over to the weaners. It is not too much to say that this ungenerous, squeezing of many and consequent de struction in the necessary proportion of the ages in our herds, has its effects on the efficiency of the runs themselves. The economy now in practice is by no means wise. The rigid regard for ex penses is not of the sort practised in towns—where, at factories, hands can come and 'go in response to market prices and demand. Few squatters are extravagant in their homes, and I feel sure that many will echo the fact that the strict life of the squatter is startlingly in his favour compared with town resi dents ; but a reduction in expenses can not. go on according to market rules without a deterioration in stock and Improvements. One scarcely ever hears now of the latter being projected, though the need of fencing and water is none the less, as unfortunately a drought will show us. To sum up then, we have the pastoral industry, our greatest re source, not at the mercy (for that is not to the point), in the hands of the mone tary corporations who have not the fore thought or are unwilling to see that by straining their power they will deliver, indeed are delivering, a blow which will delay for a considerable time their chances of repayment or reduction. They are executing the short-sighted policy of taking the life's blood out of the pas toral industry to gain what can only be a temporary benefit, and their conduct Will assuredly lead to wide disaster. There is an obvious remedy for this state of things- Let the banks who craved and obtained time now give the pastorallsts some concession. A respite for six months, ay, even for three months, would give the squatters and those interested in stock time to breath. It would most certainly cause a great re vival, not only in the industry Itself and set many pastoralists on their feet again, but would also have a brightening effect on trade generally ; for to a very mar vellous degree is the depression on all sides due to the stagnant condition of the pastoral industry. The idea of a brief respite is by no means an un usual one. It was time to look round, which recently we readily granted our banks, besides much other delay. It would not, I fancy, be too much, even in the. case of a bank, to ask it to do as it has been done by. In conclusion I feel satisfied that a discussion on these sub jects, ventilated through your column's, would be of vast interest to pastoralists generally, and may be the means of directing the bankers' minds from the idea which seems to prevail with them, that pressure is finance.—l am, sir, &c;, A PASTORALIST. Queensland Club, 24th June. 