MARJ OßY'S MISTAKE. . Br ADELINE PERGEANT, Author of " The Great Mill-street Mystery," . . Jacobi's Wife," "Sir. Anthony's ' Secret," " Under False Pretensions," *. kc, kc. . . < [OOPTBIOHT PÜBCHASED BY THE BABBIE» Mn) SB.] , CHAPTER XXVIII.' k ' Helen's interest in the Beilby 'children bid not decreased. She saw almost nothing of. their father, and of thia ehe was rather glad, for her intercourse with the children could be much more free and unrestrained when he was not there. To Fanny her friendship was something ' like .> new life. The child had been droop- ing and pining fer a lit-Je womanly sympathy which Helen knew well how to give. From the most trifling te the weightiest matters Helen's advice and opinion beoame everything to Fanny. - And among the many important peints whick were sub- mitted to Helen, that of Fanny's summer dress wai not considered the least important. The old gowns had. been disinterred from che box in the garret, unpicked and washed and re- made under Helen's personal super- intendence, and she felt quite proud bf her success when Fanny appeared for the first time in all the glory of a white dress, simply trimmed with a little embroidery which Helen had . given her, and garnished with a blue sash. The child had lost her sickly look since she came to Bed wood, and a delicate bloom had come to the cheeks which were once so pale. For the first time Helen perceived that she was likely to grow up extremely pretty, for her sunny hair and wistful brown eyes were remarkably beautiful. Helen thought she had done a thing for which Mr Beilby ought to be grateful in thus making Ms little daughter's good points so evident. She waa present when the curate \- first saw Fanny m ner neff dress, and she waited in proud expectation of some word of praise or thaaks from Hr Beilby's lips. For Fanny's new dress was too important a matter to be passed over ia silence. The younger children took it upon themselves to explain to their father the pains that Helen had taken for thia festive garment. 'MissDrummond did it nearly all herself, father, and hasn't she made it pretty? It is not a new dress, you know,' Lena explained glibly. ' It is one that corot out of the big box upstairs, made over again for Fanny.' Helen saw Mr Beilby start and felt 'his eyes rest with an inexplicable meaning, first on herself, then on Fanny. Somehow, she thought he had the look of one who had seen a ghost. 'Probably,' she reflected, 'Fanny was like her mother.' :*Do you like ,it, father?' asked Fanny, timidly, blushing a little, and looking down at the folds pf her /whitemuslin. ; 'Yes, it is very nicer' said Mi Beilby hurriedly, then in . more '?? : measured accents, ' we are very much \- obliged to Miss Drummond for her kindness.' But he did not look very much obliged, Helen reflected, and she was not at all surprised to see kim go out of the room almost immedi ; ately and retire to his »tildy, where, as usual, he locked the door. The children .looked at one another with mystified, uncomprehending eyes. He didn't seem to like it much,' : said one of the little girls, and Fanny /looked at Helen with wistful inquiry. ; ; 'Pernaps I ought not to have asked him how he liked it,' she said : half Questioning, and for once Helen v i did not know how to answer, for she was* a little puzzled by the kind ol emotion which Mr Beilby had dis played. . She did not see him again for a da] or two, but one afternoon; on calling :, for'Fanny to go out for a walk witt her, she found the curate, to her sur ? prise, walking up and down the littli sitting-room generally appropriatec to the children's use. He must havi Been her coming, for she had passet the window before she entered thi house and he greeted her with n surprise. v '.I came to find Fanny,' she said feeling as if her preseice require explanation. It was seldom sh found him without a tribe of childre at his heels. , . ' I believe that she will be back i a few minutes,' said Mr Beilby, look ; fog round him vaguely. 'The boy are at school. I remember she tot me that she- wanted to go to th village shop, and would take the othe \- children with her, but Bhe will b back in ten minutes, I should think \- WU you not sit down and wait fo ' ler p . Or shall I send Mrs Andersoi -or some one to find her ?' . No, no, certainly not,' said Helen 41 will wait for her here, or I will g « littlw way down the road to look fo . ker. Den't let me interrupt you, M Beilby, I dart**? you were bisy.' ' No, I wis not busy,' he said in hi abrupt way. And then he began hi walk vp and down the roem again-a curious, ungainly figure in a shabby coat, with stooping shoulders, and long, lank arms and legs. Helen watched him with a feeling of sympathy. She -felt that something wai wrong, something was making him anxious and therefore more awkward and more uncouth than ever. , . I think I will go and meet Fanny,' ?he said, moving towards the door, 'Ah, Fanny!' he said, stooping in his walk and - lifting his head. ' I wanted very much to Bay something to you about Fanny. Would it ,be troubling you if I asked you to listen to me for a moment ?' ' I shall be pleased to hear anything you can tell me about Fanny,' said Helen, pleasantly. "JSkhe is a sweet child, and I am very fond of her.' 'She is a good girl. Yes, I think she is sweet and good,' he said rumin atingly. 'I want to thank you for all you have done for her.' 11 am afraid I have not done much.' ' Yes, the children tell me, and they think I don't always hear when they talk among themselves. I know there are many things that nobody but yourself could have done, and there- fore I feel the more ungracious in what I km going to say.' Ungracious? What did the man mean? Was he going to ask her to discontinue her kindness to the child ten ? It seemed a little like it as he went on. ' ' You were here the other day, when she showed me that dress. You had helped to make it, they said. Of course I knew the dress, I knew where it came from. It was her mother's dress.' ' I hope,'said Helen with embarrass- ment, ' that we are not doing wrong. Fanny told me that you had asked her to make use of any of those things in that box upstairs.' ' Yes,' he said, hesitatingly, ' but I did not think that they could be used in that way. It looked--it looked jost like the dress that she wore before-' 'I understand,' said Helen, gently. 'You had rather that Fanny did not use those things after all.' 'I would rather,' he said with sudden energy, ' that she did not set her mind upon auestions of dress and adornment. 1 io not want to under- value your kindness to her, but I would be sorry if she learnt to attach undue importance to frivolous trap- pings-'he spoke with some hesita- tion, but although he was embarrassed his manner was singularly earnest, and Helen felt uncertain whether to laugh or be offended, at these remarks. 'I assure you, Mr. Beilby,' she said, .' I never saw a child »ore free frem vanity than your little Fanny. There if nd harm, you know, in a girl liking to be nice and neat, and it would not add to anyone's happiness, nar to Fanny's own excellence, if she turned out a slattern.' 'I know,'I know,' said Mr. Beilby, in a curiously distressed sort of manner. 'It is very difficult for a man to judge of these matters, but you see when I first saw the child in her mother's dress I saw her mother again, as I had never seen her in my child before/ 'But surely, Mr. Beilby,' said Helen, softly, ' that will come" to be a comfort to you in time, when you have got over the first shock of the resemblance. Fanny is growing into a woman now, and I suppose it is natural that she should be like her mother.' 'You don't understand,' said the curate iu a hollow voice. 'Of course it is impossible for anybody to under- stand,' and then he turned away and' began to pace the room while Helen watched him with a strange suspicion in her heart. Was it possible that Fanny's mother had not been dear to him? or was it simply that she had been so dear that Fanny's likeness to her was inexpressibly painful ? Mr. Beilby stopped in his walk at last, raised his head and looked straight at her. 'I will tell you,' he said, ' what Fanny herself does not know, what I have hidden from the world and hope to hide from these children for ever. Their mother, is not dead, but she left me three years ago.' Helen sat mute, notable to speak for the surging erowd of feelings that deprived her almost of the power of thought. 1 . 'She was not happy with me,'Mr. Beilby went on hurriedly, ' and she refused at last to live the life that I desired her to live, She went back to the Btage from which I had taken her. I have nothing else to say against her,' he said, turning away his face, and beginning the march up and down the room again. 'She was fond of frivolity, excitement, dress, all that I had not the means to provide for her, so, although she had been my wife for nearly ten years, and waa the mother of my children, she . grew tired of me, and the life we led together and joined her old companions. I have seen her from time to time, I haye done my best to win her back, but she tells me she found her life unendurable and that she will never return until she is too old to go upon the boards. Then, as I told her,' the curate added, his face growing stern and dark at the remembrance, 'it would be too late to come back to me. If she chose to abandon her little children for the pleasure of being stared at and applauded by vulgar mobs, while she performed upon the stage, she could not hope to come back to them as a loved and loving mother in after years.' 'But,' said Helen, who was some- what shocked at his narrative and at the tone in which it was told; ' do you think it so wrong then to gb upon the stage? Why should she not have stayed with you and continued to act?' ' She does not act,' said Mr. Beilby, drily, ' she is a ballet dancer.' Helen was silent. There was some- thing almost ludicrously incongruous in the idea . thus presented to her roind. How could it have happened that this gaunt, ascetic-looking curate should hare won the heart at any time of a professional dancer, whose lovely,. delicate face, as seen in the picture -of Fanny's mother, still lingered in her mind. At the same time she felt vaguely that everything that had puzzled her was now explained. The gaily trimmed flimsy garments, the tawdry ornaments, the dancing shoes in the box upstairs were, as she had fancied, the cast-off remnants of an actress's wardrobe, and Mr. Beilby's horror of anything that suggested vanity or frivolty on Fanny's part was easy to understand. But how had it come about ? Mr. Beilby saw the question in her eyes and made and effort to answer it. ' She had been trained as a dancer from her very earliest year,' he said, taming his face away from Helen, and once more assuming his restless walk up and down the room. . She came of a race of theatrical people-the love of the stage was in her blood. I did not know that, I did not realise it until afterwards^ I came across her when she was sixteen.. Her father and mother were dead. She was ill at the time and utterly friendless except, of course, for theatrical friends, from whom I thought it better to save her. She was very beautiful. I thought she was yoong enough to be trained, andi married her. My friends cast me off, when they heard that I had married a ballet girl,' said the curate with a strange, sad smile. 'Host all chance of the good living which had been promised me, but just then I did ñat eare for that. I was happy enough with Franoes-Fanny, she liked best to be called-and I thought little of the future.' i 'And then ?' said Helen, who held her breath to hear. 'And then,'he said, heavily, 'the change came. She tired of the monotony of her life. I could not give her the things she wanted, my. work did not allow of it. I suppose,' hie voice sinking to a lower tone, 'I ought never to have married her, or if I married her I ought to have given up the church ; but at first she was so sweet, so loveable, that I never dreamed how hard it would be to tame a nature like hers.' ' And what did you do ?' said Helen, as Mr. Beilby paused and looked absently out of the window, as if almost forgetting that she were there. 'I did what I could,' he answered, drily. 'Two or three times I con- sented to her tdking a small part with a travelling company ; I thought that would satisfy her and that she might settle down better afterwards, but this proved impracticable. There came a point where one er other of ns had to give way. Her tastes or mine, my work or her profession. That was what it came to, and the inevitable end followed. She left me to go her own way, and my children are motherless.' 'The children,' question Helen, ' they do not know ?' 'They do not know,' he echoed, sadly, 'and as long as I can help it they shall not know-* ; ' But-you must have deceived them then,' said Helen, and. her voice be- trayed that she had received a sudden shock. There was something pathetic in the gaze with which Mr. Beilby regarded her. ' You think it so very wrong ?' he said, ' but it was not my doing en- tirely, I only acquiesced. She had been ill, pining and fading, consumed with longing for the life she loved, and I sent her to the seaside for her health. One of her theatre friends came to the house three weeks, later and told the children that she was dead. He brought a letter also, to me j from her, in which she said she conld not live with me any longer, but that she would not disgrace me by letting it be known what she had done. Her children were to think her dead, but she had gone back to the old life under another name, and I might be quite certain that they would never see her more.' ' She did not love her children then?' . ' No, I think not,' said Mr. Beilby, mildly, ' nor,' in a still lower voice, ' did she love me. I think she waB incapable of love. The children wept for her, and it seemed to me better that they should mourn for her dead than alive.' ' But you tried-you tried to per- suade her to come back,' said Helen. .' Yes. I trust that I did my duty,' he answered with stern gravity. ' I saw her, I entreated her to return. But she would not be persuaded. She was young still, and likely to be successful. She absolutely refused to come back. This is my story, Miss Drummond, and the story of my children's mother. You have been good to them, and I could not bear to deceive you.* , ' Thank you for telling me,' she answered in a choked voice. 'I am sorry, very sorry-' 'I knew you-would be sorry,'he said in à halting voice, ' andi felt that I could bear that you should know it and be sorry. For some people I could not bear it, you will understand that. I shall know now that you feel for me, and the children who have lost so much, but we will not speak of it again. I think of it as little as I can, though, of course, from time to time remembrance will force itself upon me, and I know that I live a maimed life, maimed, stunted and incomplete, but without power of alteration on this side of the grave. After all, what does it matter ? What sayè the poet ? 'On the earth a broken aro, in the Heavens a perfect round," .. Helen's eyes filled with tears. She held out her hand to Mr. Beilby, who pressed it warmly, and a cordial friendship seemed from that moment to be cemented between them. They had no mora time for conversation as the children came trooping back from the village, begging to be taken fora walk,and indeed, further eon venation on tie subject was not what either of them required, but there waa plenty of food for. thought for Helen in what she had just heard ; she was not certain whether she approved of Mr. Beilby's course of action or not, but she was very sorry for him, and she heartily condemned the wife who had abandoned her hus- band and her children for the sake of a guady theatrical career. ' Whether any darker shadow of blame attached to her, Helen did not stop to think.' Harold Beilby had carefully kept his wife's name from suspicion of the kind. She had left him because she did not love him, and because she preferred a different kind, but that was all. To Helen there was something heroic in the sight of this lonely man 'doing his work bravely and manfully in the face of innumerable difficulties, hampered by his own shortcomings, by th« failure of his wife's lore for him, by the ever increasing needs and earea of a young family, yet scorning to murmur or despair, and refusing to let the world know the nature of the sorrow that had maimed his life, as he Slid, for ever. (To be continued on Thursday.) 