THE BUSHMAN. A SPORTING SKETCH. THE WHITE-LEGGED STALLION. Hy Majuba. In a private room in a Syilney hotel Nil Branscome was pacing the lloor, jingling the sovereigns in his pockets as he gave instruc tions to a man sitting hat. in hand near the door. Man of business, stationowner, and prospective millionaire, he was one not over scrupulous in his transactions, and included in his creed was the axiom, "that the man who is not smart enough to tike care of his own property deserves to lose it." No one was a better judge of the subtleties of criminal law than he, or of how close to the wind a man of position might sail without jeopardy. " Weil, you understand roe row, Jessup," he said. " Burgess will give you delivery of the eighty horses at Maitlami, and you will drive them north with all despatch con sistent with their well-being. Mr. Pallet will be glad to see you up there, for he's scarce got horses enough to work the cattle, so the sooner you make a start the better. In future Danet will have to breed all he re quires." " What 'ud yer give for a thoroughbred Btall'on landed there,Boss ?" said Jessup, ris ing from his seat. " I mean a real clinker, imported, with a pedigree as long as yer arm —a 'orse that had cost his thousands at ume." And where would you get such a horse ?" " Never you mind, Boss. You knows me and I knows you ! What 'udyou give forsuch a'orse, land'-d in the new country? Look at the injin 'orses you'd be able to breed, with a port of shipment close handy and iifteen hundred miles ot the journey done." " You know well enough that that would all depend on the sort of horse, and the chance there was of keeping him," replied Bransvome. " I'd give, perhaps, a hundred. But take care you don't burn your fingers !" " A humierd ! for a 'orse that had cost his thousands." Well, you land such a horse there and I'll give you what he's worth to me. Now, be pli ! I've an appointment with the police inspector ; so you'd better go, unless you thuik you could strike a bargain with him." ' iou allways has yer little joke!' said ■lessup, as he shuttled through the door. I he stallion at Glendurra was a recent im portation lrotn England, where a big sum bad t.'u" f°'' him. He bad been much jinked about and was generally admired, though some there were who objected to hint 011 tlie score of " too much colour." A rich chestnut, with three white legs and a white lace, he was strungely marited for a \- oroughbred, tnftsniuch as the white on one ° 'g rose above the knee. Altogether, he remarhable horse, and, once seen, not Keiy to be forgotten. The loose-box in nun he stood was apart from the other out ",j .its door secured only by a rusty tho n the days of bushranging were , ... V..W uUf» ui uuBiintngmg were thought to be past, and no one dreamed of the horse being stolen. The occupants of the homestead had retired to rest; the night was dark, and low clouds were crossing the sky from the westward. The white-legged chestnut dozed in his box, dreaming of green pastures and waving corn, of rustle of silk and rattle of hoofs, in the fur-oir land he hnd left. With pricked ears he turned his head, for the sound of a loot step outside the door mingled with the sighing of the wind. The grating sound oi an iron bar thrust into the staple of the lock was followed by a sharp wrench, and the door swung back. A man entered, and, sneaking soothingly to the horse, slipped a orulle 011 to his head. K>r a moment he stood in the gloom of the stable, witli his hand covering the horse's nostrils. Then he passed out, the horse fol lowing him closely and without a whinny. Across the yard and out through the gate went mull anil horse, across the adjoining paddock to where—under shadow 01' saplings —stood another, holding two saddled Horses. The man lending the stallion whistled. "Are ye right?" c.inie in low tones from the saplings. " All's right,!" was the reply : " not even a dog harked. Look slinpy, now !" Silently and in Indian rile—the foremost leading the chestnut—they crossed the pad dock and passed through the gate out on to the road. For half a mile they traversed the road, then turning off into the open forest broke into a hand- gallop, heading for the range. Across the flinty range, where track ing was almost impossible, at the same pace. Next day the white-legged chestnut, with niane and tuil cropped, travelled northwurd in .JesBiip's inol). A daring thing it was, no doubt, to openly drive such a horse along a main road ; but do we not constantly find audacity carrying the criminal through in triumph. Dawn was hrenking over the Queensland desert. No noisy chatter or birds greeted the coming day as in some northern forests ; the heavy hand of heat and drought lay over all, An clour as from a bakehouse rose from the spinifex. T1ip horses were scattered over the narrow flat, for, leg-weary with their long j turiiey, they needed no watching now at night, and only the ramblers were hobbled. On the ridge behind the camp, amongst stunted " yellow-jacks." grew desert noism-bush. its green heart-shaped leaves and crimson flowers showing out in marked contrast to their sombre surroundings. I lead y in its effects as strychnine, its tender shoots are tempting to sheep and cattle, but horses seldom touch it, except when torced by hunger. Jessup and his companion knew little of its nature, hut the halt-caste who was piloting them across this strip of desert well knew its qualities. In the camp, the previous night, Jessup and the half-caste hud quarrelled, and the quarrel had ended by Jessup knocking the darkie dowfl with a stirrup-iron, and heating him cruelly whilst he luy half stunned, promising to repeat the dose in the morning if any of the horses were missing. At the tirst sign of dawn the halt-caste arose, and tightening the bandage on his wounded head, he made up the fire and put on the l>illy-can ere starting for the horses. With baleful glances at- the sleeping men lie cut up a few leaves of the poison-hush and threw them into the hilly. They resemldd and mingled wi h the few teadeaves which had clung to the can when its dregs were thrown out. Throwing a hridle across his shoulder he mav- il stiffly off down the fiat. At sunrise the two men rose, and Jcssup, after throwing some tea into the hoiling hilly, brought <<ut the b ef and damper and the two sat down to breakfast. Half an later b .th men were writhing on the ground in agony. When the half-caste rode " bare-hack " into camp .lessup was crouching amongst the saddles at the foot of a tree ; Ilia mate lay stretched on the ground, apparently lifeless. Roused by the sound of the approaching horse, .Jessup rose unsteadily to his feet, and clutched a loaded rille which s'ood against a tree. The half-caste wheeled and started galloping. Jessup aimed fair between his shoulders, pu led the trigger, and fell back amongst the saddles The half-caste swayed forward over the neck of the galloping horse; clutched wildly ut the m oie ; tiien fell heavily to the ground. Danet, the station-manager, waited in vain for his stock-horses. The great drought of 1884 forced Danet to send the cattle out 011 10 the desert to find a living. Though poor to to the eye. it was by 110 means bad cattle country, and the bullocks throve ; the loss through poison was not great. Then he " took up" the country for Jfransjome and formed a station. In the rough country at the head of the creek they lound a mob of brumbies, led by a very old chestnut stallion, with three white legs and a white face ; the white on one fore leg rising above his knee. How they had come there was a mystery, for there were 110 other wild horses within many hun dred miles. Danet never connected them in his mind with the long-missing Jessup, for it was generally believed that that old rascal had got across to fort Darwin and sold the horses. The brumbies seemed "good sorts the stallion especially. " We'll have a slap at them when we get settled down a bit," said Danet. Hransconie's only son, Harry, came to Porcupine Creek (as the new run was called) for the winter months, Danet having par ticular instructions to take the greatest care of him. The boy was the apple of the old man's eye ; he loved him better than all his wealth, and that is saying a good deal, lie was a tine lad, and enter d into the station work with the greatest enthusiasm. Danet watched him with care, fearing lest his high spirits might bring liitn to grief. The wild horses excited the lad's keenest inte rest. Whatllyers he thought them as tlvy disappeared into a patch of scrub, with manes and tails waving. No sport in the world could equal that ot hunting them. Danet must give him leave to have a flutter after them. The stockmen had run in a few ol the young ones and broken them in : nice horses, though small—mostly white-legged chestnuts. The old stallion they had in vain endea voured to get; old as he was, he had too much loot for anything on the station. Young Harry possessed a thoroughbred, which he had brought from Brisbane, and was anxious to measure bis speed with that of the wild horse, tor, boy-like, he thought nothing could beat his favourite. The horse had been raced, and though pleasant to ride when not excited, lie possessed an iron mouth when his "dander" was up. Danet, at length—greatly against the grain—yielded to the boy's wishes. On the flat near the creek they found the wild mob. Down the creek they went at a clipping pace for live miles, and then cross ing over, passed the red swamp, and made for the range. Here the mob split, and the three horsemen kept on after the flying stallion ; but the pace was hot, and young Braiiscome at last iound himself alone on a narrow flat. Before him galloped the old stallion ; his "flag" up, and tailing fast Now was his chance to turn him; onoe headed; the horse would be beaten. Before. him rose the straight shaft of a " lepunya," Btanding solitary and alone. Harry's horse had made up his mind to pass on one side of it; Harry determined to pass, on the other. The horse's tough mouth yielded but little. At the last moment the boy altered his mind. Too late ! *\Vith an awful crash horse and rider went into the tree. The stockmen, arriving presently, found the hoy dying and the horse dead. Thus, Niel liranscome lost his only son. In the Hat where he was killed three human skeletons were found amid the rusty iron* work of saddles. The old Btallion was never seen again ; doubtless he ran himself to a standstill on that day, and died in some gully in the range. His destiny was fulfilled ; he had brought calamity to everyone con nected with his purloining. The stockmen when mustering never camp at the narrow flat. They aver ihat the ghost of the old horse haunts the place, and that the belated horseman passing that way will hear the rataplan of the white-legged stal lion's hoofs approach, pass, and die away in the distance down the flat. 