SOME LINES FROM NATHALIA. • H&AB;, HEAR ! NUMURKAH. 'TWAS in the month of May The Commissioners came their way, To hear a deputation, who on railway change were bent ; They clamoured for a station Bu t ™e7>^fSmp°er on the mission | they were sent. Right foretnost in the van Was a young and pushing man, Who on all societies deftly shoves his way. With " Man Friday" at his back He is certain to attack, And build a reputation on the fortunes of the day. So with all the craft at will, And with nerve, and cheek, and skill. He states his lofty projects to an all-admiring clan, But the answer came quite clear, That the scheme was much too dear— The State won't stand the "racket" ; deny it if you can! There were two presumptuous folk Who were witnessing the joke, And to Syder's weighty statements gave a most approving cheer, But this little pilgrim band Were quite loth to understand The manning of the " arrogant and insolent' " hear, hear." Oh, ye gods and little fishes! Why to brook the Standard'* wishes, Were a task that merits blame, and no end of burning shame. Was both impudent and sad— Shure, the culprits both were mad To think of heaping obloquy upon journals name. ^ this | Forth in blazing print full soon You can see the Standard coon Attacking and upbraiding with a vim that was severe, And discoursing " more or less On the awful wickedness Of the two intruding gentlemen who dared to say " Hear, hear." Now the language, bear in mind, Was both savage and unkind— Two persons" and a " driveller," " vituperation," " vice V And " vanity " as well— And what more I dare not tell; But spare me please, oh 1 spare me, from this Standard merchandise. As the gauntlet was thrown down To these yokels of renown, Whose unofficial status never hindered reply. Tou can bet your bottom dollar That this pill they could not swallow, And "Jack," with all his paragraphs, they openly defy. Both "verbosity and spleen," Full of acrimony keen, Is the charge that "Jimmy" lays at the Standard?9 fated door, And he boasts he'll plough and harrow That journal's wee cock-sparrow And hold a war dance on his chest in triumph evermore. And every night, they say, To the Scotchman's great dismay, There comes some dreadful spectre, which before his vision fades- Two " cackling hens " in number. Or a " London costermonger," Which " Cassar's ghost" disperses, 'way down u Fitzgibbon's shadea." And with curses loud and deep, Jim awakens out of sleep, And against his adversary, whom he reckons quite a fool, He inserts it in the paper That the " child's " belov'd Pater Should soundly 6mack the bumptious boy, and send him off to school. As for " Cocky's " wordy letter, Well, he doesn't know much better! His vehemence and ribaldry can never do much hurt, Jim tells him blunt and straight, And without a tete-a-tete, He's nothing more nor less than this little Standard "squirt." Now such scurrilous abuse, Faith, will serve no proper use, Since these graceful epithets are bad French from Killaloo. If the parties take my tip, They will let the matter rip, And the public will be grateful, Tm bound to think, don't you 1 Nathalia, 6th June. ("The above does not appear to contain any acrostic.—ED. Leader.\ 