THE PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES then took place. Mr. K. M'Lennan read the following address on behalf of the con gregation of St. Patrick's:— " Albury, October, 1893. "To the Bight Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Co&djatoi; Bishop of Goulburn. " May it pleaseyour Lordship,—We, your faith fill people iu this pariah, hasten to accept thi first opportunity afforded of offering to you ou warmest congratulations at your deration tc< the Episcopacy. « We rejoice with the clergy and laity of thi diocese that one so eminently fitted by bis virtue bearing, talents and culture, long And varied experience in missionary and scholastic work, has been chosen by the providence of God and the favor of the Apostolic See as ooadjator and successor to onr venerable and well-beloved prelate, _ " Your distinguished career as a missionary, yonr successful administration as president of St. Patrick's College in the interests of hlghet education, your zealous Ubours in a neighboring parish, afford us a well-ground hope and expectation of the ability, prudence, and seal with *hich you will administer the ecclesiastical iff iirs of this important diocese. " To your Lordship in this parish 'will be entrusted the care of fostering the noble work commenced by the saintly Father Twomey and continued by the ever-tobe-remeinbered Dr M'Alroy, evidenoe of whote great deeds stand fnrth in the stately edifice you see around, and still later the labors of that aotive organiser thi present Biehip of Wiloanni*, which work, we feel sure, will be worthily carried on by our present energetic pastor. Father Hennessy. "In conclusion, we can assure yonr Lordship that you will have the generous oo-operation of the reople of this parish in all your undertaking* for the welfare of religion. Beseeching the Almighty to long spare you to adorn the high office to whioh his Holiness has confirmed you, and desiring to be remembered in your prayers, (Signed on behalf of the congregation ) "J. Hennessy, Pastor. "Kenneth MLknnan, Chairman." Miss Theresa Reis, with remarkably clear enunciation and in a voice distinctly audible all over the building, read the following- address from the pupils at the Gonvent High School :—• Lord,—We, the pnpila of the Convent High School, unite in words of j -yous and heartfelt welcome on this occasion of yoT flrri episcopal visit to our school. " Many times have we heard of your Lordship* zeal in the oause-of education, and, of the lervid sud eloquent words of encouragement yon have uttered on the higher education of Woman, " They will prove a eouroe Of emulation to us ro work with renewed energy, so that we may retain for our Bchool Its place in the educational system which the founder of our Convent, the venerated Dr. M'Alroy, whose ardent x?ai and spirit of self-sacrifice are so well known to your ijorcship, wag so desirous should be our own, education/ ° ' ^ highest and best in m t t 0 "Prayirg that your Lwiahip may be spared many, many years to assist cur fevered and Prelate, Dr. Lanigan, by your wise S i S ^ S S S f f diocese, 0 f votachU&n;" ° - « 7 y U r r e i p e c t f u l a n d d e "Octobers, P 1895," or n p r L 8 the High Eohool. Master R. Crowe also read vfery distinctly w» address on behalf of the boys of St. Patrick's School. An address was also presented to the 60SJ * ° S Hiboraian m 6 V e n i n t h e Tbe Bishop, who was greeted with loud and continuous appose, proceeded to reply B 8 folio W 8:_? 0 ind Mvth John the Baptist, our Divine h a d Lrd l e f t t h aSsed e c i y this question, "What went yon into the desert to see V May not I, l ^ T i n l verence, pat tie same question to-day ) Why has this multitude lett their homes, their work their spheres of varied dnty, or at least their social or domestic circle? What source of attraction has brought into tbia splendid hall such a large assemblage of every age, and sex, and condition ? What have you come to see I Is it a man clothed in soft garments? No, my dear friends, you are not deceived regarding these ornaments of silk and gold, which venerable custom and the ritual of our holy faith have attached to our episcopal robes. Like the Unm and Thummim which reposed on the breast of the High Priest of Israel, they are only to remind us of the awful responsibihtis of our eacred office—that learning and holiness and zeal are the true ornaments of him who would enter the holy of holies charged with the vows and wants of hw flick, that even his time is no longer hie own, but that literally he should be a slave to duty and to the temporal and eternal interests of his people. As for Him whom you Have come to see, even if it were permitted by his eacred office, neither his birth, nor his education, nor his tastes, nor the tones of his voice, nor his habits of life fit him for association with the great. A son of the people by birth, hie inclinations will keep him such even to the enX Bat what went you out to see? "A reed shaken with the wind ?' A man without firmness without strength, without determination, tossed about with every wind of doctrine, or yielding a feigned assent to every novel theory, to every fantastic whim of a fickle or unbelieving people, pliant, supple, polished, payiDg court to every popular breeze void of religious principles or dogmatic faith ! No. This is not the conception a Catholic people forms of its chief pastor. He r should not be a reed whose head can be bowed down by the dew of adulation, or !aid prostrate by the hail of opposition or trouble, but a tree which is planted by thr running waters, which shelters the flock be&eath; its protecting shade, and fills thei hearts with food and gladness. Not a reed, but nther an oak, strong and firm, bidding defiance to every storm, with bead erect towards the heavens, and roots planted in the everlasting hills. But, then, " who art you?" you have a right to inquire, as did the messengers of St. John (John i, xxii.), " that on returning to your nomes you may give ah answer to those who ask you. H» whom you have to see, by the grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See, is a bishop." This word embraces all. By this title, he who addreBees you (whatever his own unworthiness may be) holds in your regard the place, as St. Ignatius, the martyr, says, of Jesus Christ on earth. He is for yoD the representative of the Divine Majesty the messenger of good tidings from above, the ambassador of Gad. Sober, just, not quarrelsome, a follower of good works, an example to the faithful in conversation, io charity, in faith ; he should be instant in season out of season doiog the woik of at.- evangelist, in all things laboring as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. If the name of the King, his Master, i9 outraged, if thr flag of His Son Jesus Christ is not respected if the rights of the Church or. His minis try are trampled on or despised, if tl e integrity of sound doctrine is threatened, he should raise his voice. "For the sake of Sion I will not be silent, for the sake of Jerusalem I will take co repose" (Isaias lxii., i.). Defender cf truth and freedom, unmoved by the blandishments of flattery, by the threats oi power, by the clamor of mobs; he should grasp with a firm hand and bold aloft the standard of liberty, of justice, cf truth, which is also the standard of faith and Got*. Overseer as his name implies, protector oi faith and morals, upholder of discipline, sentinel on the watch tower, guardian oi immortal souls, entrusted with the interests of the Eternal Father, amongst men te should be vigilant, he should observe, he should weigh, he should be ever ready when danger threatens from enemies without, or weakness or treachery within, to raise the cry of alarm. Taking heed to himself and to sound doctrine, shunning profane and vain babblings, not lording it over the clergy, but becoming a pattern tf the flock from his heart, he should, es pastor and father, know his sheep and his aheep should know him. He should f r Iho purpose visit, the sacred canons say, his dioocae every year, if possible. Ha should, as his first of all cares, ward off the lambs of his flock from noxious pastures and have them supplied with wholesome fjod, as yours are here in their Catholic schools, sheltered from the secular blast, beneath the shadow of the sanctuary. Even the words of the violent anti- Catholic Milton might teic'a ua bishops our duty as to the education of our children ThffhuDgry sheep look uo and are not fei, But swo!n with wind and the rani mist they draw, Ret inwardly and feel contagion spread, Besides what the grim wolf with privy paw Daily devours apace, and nothing said; But that two handed engine at the door Stands ready tosmiteonoe and smite no m ;re. By the imposition of hands and by prayer in the sacrament of confirmation, he prays that the Holy Ghost may descend into their youog souls, may fill them with his sevenfold gifts and give them strength to fight as valiant soldiers of Jesus Ctirist the battle of life, upright men here on earth, hut fashioned for an immortal destiny. It is his duty to eee that church edifices and all sacred vessels and appliances are iu ample supply, in good repair, and as far as means allow worthy of the great Master whom we serve, of our own Catholic faith, and of the deep respect we have for His high and holy worsl i. It is portion of his sacred office to iL iiiire if the faithful have the gospel preached to them, if all facilities are afforded in proper time and place for the worthy reception of the eacranents, if on the threshold of life the young cleansed from original sin are made Christians and children of God with becoming rites in the sacrament of baptism, if when anjoae j'b sick amongst you the prieBt is brought in and^ the prayer of faith is said and he is anointed with oil in the sacrament of extreme unction, if in a word our holy religion accompanies the departed spirit beyond the portals of the tomb; and lays those relics, that were once the temples of the Holy Ghost, to repose in peace with becomiag rite and prayer and last words of Christian welfare, awaiting the dawn of a brighter day amongst the ashes of his people. It is fitting for many reasons that he who comes amongst yon to take the place to-day of our venerable Bishop should begin the first pnblio discharge of his sacred functions with Albury. From almost every point of view Albury is the premier district of the Goulburn diocese. For the architectural beauty and fitness of its religious buildings, for the completeness of all thingB required for the decent order of divine services, for the number and advancement and creditable appearance of the children who attend its several Catholic schools, for the generosity with which it has always supported itB institutions of charity and religion, it is perhaps second to uo rural parish of Australia. Hardly any other parish can look back with so much pride to the roll of illustrious priests who have ministered at its altars, who have instructed its people from the pulpit, who have built its churches and its schools, who have nursed it, as it were, with loviog care from infaccy to the fulness of the stature of that perfeet manhood which it now enjoys. The figure of the good Fa'her Twomey, who founded this mission, may be now forgotten ; but the beauty of his holy life, the sweet odor of bis virtues and good works linger sill. Dr. M'Alroy was a giant in his day, truly the apostle of the eoutb. His is a name which, like Therry or M'Encro or Polding, will stand out in bold relief in proportion that shall grow more m- j wtic and defi&ed; *as the years roll on. A great priest himself, great in head and great in heart, he gave to us the priests of a younger generation that example of energy, directed by piety and faith, and to the laity that generous spirit of active cooperation with their clergy, which have for the last quarter of a century enabled our Venerable Bishop to adorn this diocese with so many splendid monuments of enlightened progress, of charity,.of learning, of religion. While Dr. Dunce, in fine shall exercise on a wider field for many years, we trust, that energy and capacity for rale and administrative power and organising skiU, which helped .so much to make Albury the model parish, not merely of this diocese but of New South Wales. The command of Holy Writ, " No laudes hominem iu vita sua," not to praise a man while he is alive, forbids me to say anything of those to whom are entrusted its spiritual interests to- day. They will strive to act as brave a part as those who have gone before them, to hand down the tradition of unselfish lives, of great works nobly accomplished, to those who in a few years will take their place. It will be their unceasing effirt,. as -3s am sure it io their fjndeat ambitior, that Albury shall in the future, as in the past, occupy her proud position as first, not merely in population, but first in the solemnity of its sacred fucctione-^-firat in the efficiency of its schools, first in the generosity with which it supports its institutions of charity and benevolence, first to clear off old responsibilities, that it may lead the van in new works for God's glory and the benefit of our fellowmen; first in loyal allegiance to holy faitb, first in the practice of that religion which is our only safe guarantee of progress in time and of happiness iu eternity. As for him whom you have assembled to honor, he feels gratefnl for your beautiful address. It cheers him exceedingly when entering upon the discharge of his sacred duty. The Episcopate is not a sinecure. If it is a great honor, it brings with it great responsibilities. To whom much has been given, of him much shall be required. It is a heavy burden iu every country. But iu Australia it is heavier still. " To ronew all thiDgs in Jesus Christ,"to plaoeallthingsunderthelegitimata empire of God, to combat everywhere the sacrilegious substitution of self-seeking for principle, of the temporal for the eternal, of man for God, which is the deadly sin of the age, to solve once more by the teach* ings of the gospel and the authority of the church, those problems which the Gospel and the Church have solved bo often before —education, family, property, power—to re-establish a Christian equilibrium between the various orders of society, to make peace among men upon earth and to form citizens for heaven. To do all this he should bo a man not only of piety but learning, of courage, of sacrifice, of strength, with a mind to conceive great designs and a will to carry them through. Such are some of the duties of a Bishop in the time and place in which we live. Oh, b'eased Lord, how much I need Thy light to guide me on my way ; Bow many hands that without heed Still touch Thy wounds and make them bleed, IIow many feet that <?ay by day fitill wander from Thy fold astray ? Unless Thou fillme with Thy light I cannot lead Thy fljck aright. But in the future we can discern great wants. Providence holda out to us the promise of great resources — a zsaloua priesthood, a faithful people, religions teachers of both sexes, capable, earnest, devoted, whose sole ambition is to do God's work well, to kindle in the hearts of the young that sacred fire of science and of virtue, of knowledge and of holiness, which will increase in warmth and in light from generation to generation. Even a kiadly, sympathetic feeling on the part of those who are separated from us by differences of faith applauds our sacrifices and not seldom seconds our efforts for the elevation of our own people, and for the preservation of faith and spiritual life in this young and happy land. Our faithful people will rally round our priests and the teachers of our Christian schools. They will hold aloft the beacon light of sacrifice, of labor, of self-abnegation, and of prayer. Mine be the humble office of the whetstone to sharpen the zeal of all, or rather of the cement to bind together the varied materials of the beautiful temple of God not t) rule so much as to direct, not to command, but to lead the way and cheer you on, to point out the paths of victory in our great but pacific struggle of faitb, of beneficence and of love, of noble works n^bly done for the progress of our country, for tbo salvation of our immortal souls. The concert programme was then resumed. Tha Misses Mongan and Dascoll played an instrumental pi ce arranged for two pianos with wonderful brilliancy of execution for such youthful performers. The choir then S3ng the chorus " March of tha Druids" from " Norma "—the beet corcerted picca of the evening. Miss Ireland obtained an encore for her rendition of the always popular " B-irney O'ffea." The Convent pupils sang The Minstrel Bjy " very nicely. The concert was then brought to a close with the solo afad ohorus " Au Revoir," the solo part being taken by Miss M'Donnell. The stage was very prettily dictated with ferns and groenery, and the proscenium was surmounted with the legend " Welcome to the Right Eev. Dr. Gallagher." On Sunday the BisfTop administered the rite of confirmation to a large number of candidates, including several adults. He also preached an el> quent Fcrmon at the evening service. Odams' Ubb them Mother to take Many! 