PLATONIC FRIENDSHIP. PROPOS of " platonic friendships, " a well-known writer remarks :-A woman'8 beauty is the greatest of all barriers to disinterested friendship between the sexes. A look, a word, may change a warm regard iuto warmer love, and friendship flies away, never to return. Not ofcen from the ashes of a dead love will the phoenix of friendship arise ; commonly the only form »hat stirs there is the pale brooding ghost of departed bliss-the only sound that moves, the sigh of shattered faith. When one of a pair of lovers grows cold, the other feels the solid earth melt away beneath his feet. Con fidence, as essential fo friendship as it is insepar able from love, is utterly destroyed for the time, and it is rare indeed that the temper of the discarded one is so plastic as to admit of its restoration. Let it be supposed that it is the woman who has changed ; she may wish to retain her old lover as a friend, but how rarely is it possible for the pair to settle down into the new relations ! Even if she has not deserted him for another, the man's confidence has sustained a shock which most often proves a death blow. His wounded vanity also embitters bim ; man is a sensitively vain animal, and prefers that a woman should distinguish him more for his physical than his mental powers, On the whole, however, it is, perhaps, more often the one who has been deceived than the deceiver who will remain most anxious to make friends ; hope dies hard, and it is long before he can persuade him self that things may not be again what they have been before. Happy are they whom oircum stances have allowed to slip imperceptibly from the relation of lovers into that of friends, to whom sadness only comes from the thought of parting. For friendship brings a calm, restful enjoyment impossible to love. ' It ia a hazardous kind of happiness,' Mr. Andrew Lang has written, ' that attends great affection. Your capital is always at the mercy of failures, of death, of jealousy, of estrangement.' We cannot enjoy supreme happiness without running the terrible risk of surviving it." But all women are not beautiful and love-inspiring, nor ire all men handsome. It is nonsense, in the majority of cases, to affirm that " a look, a word, may change a warm regard into warmer love, and friendship flies away, never to return1' ; for in these en lightened days there are plenty of friendships between man and woman, arising from similar tastes, aims, and pursuits-friendships which never have the least tinge of what is known as love about them. Of course, with women who look upon eve.'y unmarried man whom they meet as a possible husband, such a thing as platonic friendship is entirely out of the question. Un fortunately, at present such women are in the majority ; therefore men are not to be entirely blamed if. vhen a woman evinces a friendly dis position towards them, they flatter themselves that they have " created an impression:" To sum up the whole matter, friendship is possible between sensible, straightforward, busy dispassionate men and women, but not between those who are idle, vain, frivolous, or sen sual. ww -N/V A GIRL'S BEDROOM.-A pretty and inexpen sively furnished bedroom for a girl has plain cream-colored matting on the floor, and pale rose cartridge paper on the walls. The fur niture was bought " in the white" and enam elled by the girl occupant of the room. The color was cream, with here and there a thread of gold paint, an idea carried out by the narrow white iron bedstead with brass trimmings. Book shelves were put up around the walls by a carpenter, and their edges enamelled to match the furniture, while from a slender brass rod hang draperies of a faint-rose color and dull blue silkoline. The pictures which adorn the walls are etchings and photographs simply faced in cream enamel moulding. There is a pretty wicker enamel reclining chair and table. Not a thing in the room is elegant or expensive, but its effect is so charming that one cannot enter it without pleasure. 