§-ztmon. THE DISUNION OF CHRISTENDOM: ITS ROOT AND ITS REMEDY. A sermon preached in St. Paul's Church, Geelong, on Sunday evening, September 1st, 1895, by the Lobd. Bishop of Goulbubn. ' Thus saith the Lord : Stand ye in the waj's, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein ; and ye shall find rest for your souls.'— Jeremiah vi. 16. ? * I purpose to speak to-night on ' The Disunion of Christendom : its Root and its Remedy.' It is a subject which has given rise to some discussion of late both in England and Australia, and it is fitting that \ There is no need I should enlarge on the fact that the multitude of them who believe on the Lord Jesus Christ are no longer of one mind and heart and soul, welded together by one spirit in one communion and fellowship. Yet union is strength, and disunion is weakness. The fulness of spiritual power which -the Church of Christ would regain if its now divided sections were reunited in one body, is almost as far beyond conception as it is outside our experience. A resistless impulse, it has been lately said, would be given to the work of religious education, to the cause of Christian temperance, to the upholding of the sanctity of marriage, to the preaching of Gospel truth among the heathen, to the defence of social order and of political purity. This witness is true. But will this blessed reunion ever be achieved ? God knows. If it be, it will not be ' by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts.' Let me endeavour to put before you what I have to say in an orderly way. 1\. My first point is that the Church of Christ is a visible society. The Son of God was made man not only to offer an acceptable sacrifice for the sin of the world and to teach men all necessary truth, but to found a society — a society which should be distinct from humanity at large, and be based on the explicit confession of His name. This 'society' He speaks of as 'My Church,' and He bestowed upon it the gift of visible continuity through a succession of men duly commissioned to be ' stewards of the mysteries of God.' ' Lo,' He said, ' I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. ' 2\. My next point is that this Church, in the purpose of its Divine Founder, was not only to be a visible society, but a visible unity. On the night in which He was betrayed, He prayed first for His ministers, ?. and then for all who in all ages should believe in Him through their word, 'That they all may be one ; even as Thou, Father, art in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be in us : that the world may believe that Thou didst send Me.' He prayed, you will perceive, not only for the unity of Christian believers, but for a visible unity, an unity ?which ' the world' could perceive — ' That the world may believe that Thou didst send Me.' No doubt in the Churches of the saints there has always been, from the day of Pentecost downwards, an essential spiritual unity. All Christians are one in the profession of the one faith, in their adherence to the laws of the Kingdom of Heaven ; above all, in their organic union with their Divine Lord and Head, Jesus Christ. But this unity is invisible to the world ; it is perceived only by faith. What Christ prayed for was an unity which the world might perceive, and be thereby converted — ' That the world'may believe that Thou didst send Me.' It is the duty of the Church, then, to seek after this visible unity, to show forth to the world, by the visible inter-communion of her various parts, that she is indeed ' one body,' through the indwell ing of the ' One Spirit.' a. My next point is the standpoint of the Church of Rome with regard to this visible unity. The Roman idea is that, by virtue. of Christ's prayer to that effect, the Church must always be one, and always be visibly one : not only its essential unity, but its visible unity cannot be broken. I hold this to be a mistake. It is a mistake, I say, to think that our Lord's prayer for visible unity is equivalent to a promise on His part that such visible unity should never fail. That it is a mistake is proved by the facts of the case. The final object of our Lord's prayer was that the world might believe that the Father had sent Him. This was to be the result of Christian unity. Has the world yet believed it ? Not yet. Why not? Because the. unity which should bring about the world's conversion to faith has failed. When by God's mercy unity is restored, the world will perceive it and confess Christ's Name. But what the world sees at present is a divided Christendom, and the missionaries of the Cross among the heathen and elsewhere are taunted with its divisions. '? Nay,' says the Church of Borne, ' it is not so. Christendom is not divided. Excommunicated bodies, like Anglican heretics and Eastern schis matics, are cut off from Christendom. Properly speaking, Christendom is another name for ' the Catholic Church,' and the Catholic Church is not divided, for we are the Catholic Church.' To this assumption of theirs we reply by a statement of fact. Christendom is' made up of the nations of the baptised, and of these at least one-half are outside the communion of Rome. What our Lord prayed for was a Christendom so visibly and completely united that its unity would be a sign to the heathen ; and till this unity is attained His prayer is unfulfilled — it awaits fulfilment. 4\. The Church, of Rome, we have seen, boasts of her unity, and calls it ' Catholic' unity. Let us see of what sort it is. It is a mechanical unity, a despotic unity, the unity of an earthly kingdom under a Czar. An unity which consists in obedience to one visible head is such an unity as the kingdoms of this world possess, and maintain by policy and force. It is an unity of rigid discipline, of enforced acquiescence — not an unity of active, intelligent consent of mind and soul and heart. Nor does it convince gainsayers. 5\. I turn to the Holy Scriptures. Is the Unity manifest in the Church of Home the kind of unity we read of there? I think not. The unity which the New Testament sets forth as the unity of the primitive Apostolic Church is the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace— an unity which bound together independent and widely separated Churches in the Apostles' fellowship, under an Invisible. Head. This unity was, indeed, a sign to the heathen. ' See,' they said, ' how these Christians love one another,' and they confessed that God was with them of a truth. With this New Testament unity contrast Roman unity. The New Testament ideal of unity embraces all who in all lands are built up on the foundation of Apostles and Prophets, having no visible head, but an Invisible Head, even Jesus Christ. The Roman conception is local and limited, narrowed down to those Christians who are in communion with only one of the five patriarchal sees of Christendom, and who acknowledge its bishop as their supreme Pontiff. It has removed the Church from its ancient four-square foundation of Apostles and Prophets, and set it on the pinnacle of one man only — one sole Ruler and Judge. Of old, it was the apostolic twelve, in solemn council assembled, who could say of their decrees — ' It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' Now, according to Rome, it is one man only who is the Rock of Faith and the Sacrament of the Church's unity, and the voice of that one is alleged to be the organ of the Holy Ghost, infallible in all things which relate to faith and morals. Primitive Christian unity was unity in the fellowship of the apostolic episcopate ; Roman unity is unity in the fellowship of ' one Pope. 6\. We have seen, then, that our Lord Jesus Christ1 founded a visible organic society, and that the Roman Church, to the , exclusion of every other Christian communion, declares herself to be that one society, the one true representative of the Christian religion — 'the fulness of Him that filleth all in all.' This is 'the Roman claim.' In order to appraise its value, let us look at some of the consequences which have followed from it. (1.) There was a period in the history of the Church — the first five centuries or more — when the Church was visibly one, united under the leadership of the four great patriarchal sees of Rome, Constantinople, Antioch, and Alexandria. Rome took the first place because it was founded by apostles, and had its home in the ancient capital of the empire. Constantinople came next because it was ' New Rome,' the new capital of the empire, as was decreed by the authority of the Fourth General Council, held at Chalcedon, a.d. 451. Between these two chief sees of Christendom, severally representing the West and East, rivalry, jealousy, variance and strife arose and prevailed, till, in the eleventh century, evil passion culminated in mutual anathema and final separa tion. I have no desire to become the apologist of the Eastern Church as against the Western Church. The worldly, 'smoky' pride and ambition of each helped to rend in twain the Body of Christ. What I want to point out is, that the denial of the Roman claim did not j begin with the Reformation of tho sixteenth century. It was the battle ground of the long conflict between East and West, from tlie fifth century down to the eleventh, and is the main cause of their present separation. Take away that, and the other differences between them might no doubt he overcome. But so long as the Koman claim is what it is, so long will the Eastern Churches stand aloof. It is the 'root' of the disunion of Christendom. (2.) A second consequence of the Bonian claim was the Keformation of ihe sixteenth century. Even candid Eomanists admit that it was the degraded and corrupt condition of the Western Church which in a great measure brought the Beforrnation about. Men had been taught, and they believed, that the Church which acknowledged the headship of the Boman bishop was the one visible Kingdom of Christ upon the earth. Staggered and amazed at the laxity of morals and spiritual wickedness which prevailed in its high places, a reaction against the very idea of a visible Church set in. Men could not believe that a Church so corrupt could be the Bride of the Lamb. The religious mind of Europe revolted from the thought. Men who had been baptised into her Communion, and had ministered at her altars, reviled her as 'apostate,' and denounced her head as 'Anti- Christ.' In spite of the selfishness, intolerance, and robbery which, disgraced the Reformation, they cast in their lot with it, and laid down their lives by fire and sword for its sake. Out of two evils they chose the less. So far as we can reduce the Reformation to one guiding principle, it was a revolt against the Roman claim. This was its originating cause. Men denied the Church in order to save Christian faith and Christian morality. They gave up the idea of one visible Church as any part of the original scheme of Christianity. Christendom was again split up, but this time not into East and West ; the West itself was divided and broken up into innumerable sects. (3) Again. It is this same Roman claim which stands to-day as the most insuperable barrier to the reunion of Christendom. How can we believe that the Roman Church is the one visible society founded by Christ — the sole depository and guardian of 'the faith orice for all delivered to the saints,' when during the last 300 years she has added new articles of faith to the ancient creed of the Church, and declares these novelties. to be part of 'the true Catholic faith out of which none can be saved' ? Within the last fifty years two new dogmas have been formulated — that of the Papal Infallibility, and that of the Immaculate Conception of our Lord's Mother. Of the former I will only say that one of the most learned and able champions of the Boman Church some 200 years ago denouncedit as— what do you think? — a 'Protestant fiction.'* Onthe Boman worship of the Blessed Virgin Mary I should like to speak more fully. We have been recently told by the head of the Boman Communion in New South Wales that 'such manifestations of religious devotion are the fulfilment of the words of prophecy which, inspired by the Holy Ghost, St. Mary herself pronounced: 'Behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me Blessed.' ' But is there no distinction, I would ask, between calling the holiest of women ' blessed' and constituting her an object of worship ? The Church of England has always called her 'blessed;' but we bear in mind the solemn prohibition of God's own angel against worship addressed to any created intelligence, however pure and exalted — 'See thou do it not; worship God' (Rev. xxii. 9). Is there no distinction between calling St. Mary 'blessed' and exalting her to the throne of the everlasting Godhead as ' the complement of the Holy Trinity ;' between calling her ' blessed' and affirming that ' God is subject to the command of Mary;' between calling her 'blessed' and affirming that 'it is impossible for any to be saved who neglects devotion to the Blessed Virgin' ? There are Roman writers of our own day who speak of 'the Deification' of St. Mary. f Have they, then, received anew revelation which abrogates the old and nullifies the primary canon of all true religion in every age— 'Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve' ? We are told again that devotion to the Blessed Virgin safeguards the doctrine of the Incarna tion. How came it to pass, I would ask, that in the days of the first Councils which defined and safeguarded that doctrine for ever such devotion as the Roman Church now offers to St. Mary nowhere existed in the Catholic Church ? The law of the age of the Councils is found in the words, 'Let Mary be honoured; let Christ be worshipped.' Safeguards the doctrine of the Incarnation! It tends rather to destroy it. If the humanity which the Son of God took from His- holy mother be not that nature which she inherited from Adam, but another nature created by God's power to exist under new conditions of original purity, then His Brotherhood with us is at an end. He took not on Him 'the seed of Abraham.' No; it is not those who reject, but those who accept, this dogma of the Immaculate Conception that are ' on the high road to the denial of the great doctrine of the Incarnation.' It is by these and other corrupt novelties in doctrine that reunion seems to be made impossible. This ' Deification' of St. Mary in particular is one of at least two impassable barriers for which the Church of Borne is solely responsible. It may be regarded as a culminating point of that Boman claim which, as in the past, so to-day is the root of the disunion of Christendom. ? * Bossuet. tSee Cardinal Newman's 'Essay on the Development of Christian Dootrine' (original edition). 7\. Is there any ' remedy' ? This is my last point. If the Church of England stood alone in her rejection of the Boman claim, it might be thought that our insular conceit was leading us astray. But blot out the Church of England, blot out Protestantism, from Christendom, and the protest of 100,000,000 of Christian people holding the Catholic faith would still remain. From the first the orthodox Churches of the East have always rejected this claim, and they reject it to-day. What do I mean by the Churches of the East? They include four out of the five ancient Patriarchates, and extend over vaster countries than are occupied by any other of the Churches of Christendom. They are ruled by some 300 bishops, whose sees are found throughout Russia and Greece and the islands of the Grecian Archipelago, in Turkey (both European and Asiatic), including the ancient Apostolic Churches of Asia Minor, in Servia and Bulgaria and the principalities of the Lower Danube, in Egypt and Ethiopia, and they celebrate their liturgy in at least six languages ' which the people understandeth.' Altogether, apart then from the Reformed Communions of Europe, America, and England, one-third part of Christendom declares, and has always declared, that the Roman claim is a fictitious claim. In our dealings with Rome on the question of reunion, the stand taken by these Eastern Churches is of the highest importance. I want you to understand this. The position they maintain embodies the principle of independent National Churches, federated together in the unity of a common faith and discipline, the very principle for which the English Church has for three centuries been contending. It opens our eyes, moreover, to the worthlessness of the Roman claim to be 'the Catholic Church.' That claim sinks to its true proportions when we see her overshadowed by u Church more ancient than herself which has never acknowledged it, and regards it, even as we do, as the main cause of the divisions of Christendom. Some time before the meeting of the Vatican Council of 1870 the Roman Pope sent envoys to the Patriarch of Constantinople, who may be regarded as the official head of Eastern Christianity, inviting him to attend it. The Patriarch replied at some length, and dealt with the questions at issue between the Hom&n; Church and the Churches of the East. Let me quote from his words:—' The most successful and least irritating method,' he said, ' of solving such questions is the historical method. Since it is manifest that there was a Church in existence ten centuries back which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, let us each recur to that, and see which of us has added aught, which has diminished aught there from ; and let all that may have been added be struck off, if any there be and wherever it be, and let that which has been diminished therefrom be re-added, if any there be and whatever it be ; and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic orthodoxy, from which Borne in the latter centuries having strayed takes pleasure in widening the breach by ever new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition.' . . . 'We cannot,' he continues, ' so long as the Church of the Saviour is on the earth, admit — (1) that there is in the Church of Christ any Bishop that is supreme Buler and Head other than the Lord Jesus ; or (2) that there is any Patriarch infallible or unerring when speaking ex cathedra, and above (Ecumenical Councils, in which latter there is infallibility when they are in accordance with Scripture and Apostolic tradition ; or (3) that the Apostles were unequal — in contempt of the . Holy Ghost which enlightened them all equally ; or (4) thatthis or that Patriarch or Pope had pre-eminence of seat, not by human and synodal arrangement, but (as Borne asserts) by Divine right.' In the interests of reunion, you will be glad to notice, dear brethren, how the principles he affirms are in exact accordance with the principles of the Church of England. What he seeks for is mutual agreement on the basis of the ancient ? undivided Church. And herein, I believe, lies the remedy, the only possible remedy, for present disunion ; the one only remedy which the nature of the case admits. His appeal, I say, like that of the Church of England, is to Holy Scripture and the doctrine and practice of the primitive Apostolic Church. 'Since it is manifest,' he says, ' that there was once a Church (one and undivided) which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, let us recur to that.' Here, then, we have pointed out to us the ' remedy' which can alone heal the breaches of Zion. We must accept as a common court of appeal the. creeds and institutions and usages of Christendom ?? when it was at unity in itself. If there is to be any reunion of Christendom, it can only be on the basis of these. From these we must all start afresh. We must, in short, give earnest heed to the exhortation of our text : ' Thus saith the Lord : stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein; and ye shall find rest for your souls.' 'I die,' said our own saintly Bishop Ken, 'in the faith of the Church of Christ before the division of East and West.' If all Christians would be content to live in this faith, the warfare of the Churches would cease. Of course, in such a case, all Churches and denominations would have to make concessions, would have to. surrender something they have long cherished. We have all added more or less to the ancient credenda. The Boman Church would have to give up the additions to the Nicene Creed which are found in the Creed of Pope Pius IV., the Church of England would have to give up her 39 Articles, the Lutherans their Augsburgh Confession, the Pres byterians their Westminster Confession, and so on. To-day all Churches and denominations, with a few insignificant exceptions, adhere to the teaching of the Nicene Creed, the creed of our Holy Communion service. Implicitly, if not formally, they also assent to the doctrinal definitions of the earlier, Councils. Here, then, we have a basis of agreement, perhaps the only possible basis; and in such agreement we should reach a simplicity of creed which would not only make union more easy, but faith itself more wholesome. Now I must end. I have endeavoured to-night to set before you ' The Disunion of Christendom : its Eoot and its Eeniedy.' The resto ration of unity, even on such a basis as has been suggested, is, I fear, a far-off prospect. Let us ask God for it. In our private and family devotions let our prayer be daily, ' Grant, Lord, unto Thy Church that unity and peace which are according to Thy will.' Unless prayer opens the way, nothing will. It was on a brotherhood united in prayer that the Holy Spirit came down at the first. May the same Holy Spirit inspire us to see what an united Christianity would be to the world and to ourselves. The voice of our own Archbishop of Canterbury is one with the voice of the Head of the lloman Com munion in bidding us ' ask' that we may ' receive.' On the moun tain-top of the highest heavens, the One High Priest and Universal Bishop of souls makes intercession also to the same end. He repeats to-day in glory the same prayer which rose from His loving heart on the night of His Passion: ' That they all may be one, even as Thou, Father, art in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be in us : that the world may believe that. Thou didst send Me.' May He fulfil it in His time. Amen. - 