ALL SAINTS' CHURCH. INDUCTION OF THE NEW VICAR. The Rev. R. H[?]ffernan, the new vicar of All Saints’, was inducted last night by the Bishop of Ballarat. There was a good con gregation. Prior to the opening of the effec- tive service the clergy, who robed in the vestry, were met nt the eastern dnor of the church by the wardens of the church, and the bishop demanded the keys. The bishop, with the Rev. E. S. Radoliffn as staff bearer, and the vicar-elect proceeded to the chancel, attended by the vicar’s warden (Mr Then. Saunders), and the parishioners' warden (Mr T. Eggington). The bishop then, standing at the holy table, with the vicar elect before him, said aloud:— “ Dearly beloved in the Lord, we purpose now to institute to the cure of souls in this parish this our brother in Chrish. And for asmuch as this is indeed a weighty office and charge to which he is here called; that is to say, to be a messeng°r, watchman and steward of the Lord; to teach and to pre monish, to feed and provide for the Lord’s family, and to seek for Christ's sheep that are scattered abroad; we beseech yon, as many as are here present, to join with us in hearty prayer to Almighty God, that He will grant to this our brother grace to serve Him faithfully, both in word and deed, and to be in all things a pattern to the flock committed to his keeping.” After the prayers for the occasion, the bishop directed the license for the newly appointed clergyman, as minister of the parish, to be read and delivered into his hands, at the same time saying— “ Bo thou a faithful minister of God’s holy word and sacraments, and a faithful pastor under the great Shepherd of souls. The Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore," Then turning to the people, the bishop said— “ Hear the words of Saint Paul, written in the fifth chapter of the first epistle to the Thessalonians—‘We beseech you, brethren, to know them which are, over you in the Lord, and admonish you; and to esteem them very highly in love for their work’s sake, and be at pesos among yourselves.’ I charge and exhort ynu, dearly beloved, to pray con tinually for this your minister, called to the spiritual oversight of this parish, and to assi.it him zialnusly and lovingly in all the duties of his holy calling. ' Bear ye one another’s burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.’ Aft°r silent prayer, the hymn “ Veni Creator”—“ Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire,” was sung, and the new vicar led in the evening service was inducted to the prayer desk, nt the same time returning the keys to the wardens. The lessons—lsaiah vi., I to 9, and 2 Cor., iv.—were then read, and the collect and anthem sung. The bishop preached an eloquent, for cible «nd appropriate sermon from Exodus xv., 27—“ ISlim, where were twelve wells of water and threescore and ten palm trees.” Accommodating this (with an old Father) to the church as founded by Christ, with its 12 apostles and 70 tnis sioners, he dwelt on the relation of the stated ministry to evangelistic and lay agencies in the church of all times, neither of them b“ing able to dispense with the other. Gathering appropriate lessens from our Lord’s induction discourses in commis sioning each of these companies of Christian workers, the bishop pointed out the dangers which beset each, of self- importance and encroachment on the others, and how it was to be guarded against. At All Saints' ministers sod people had for years worked well together. Might this tradition long prevail and the well ever be springing up, copious, fresh, and pure, for the delectation of dwellers in the wilderness, and the atten dant palm trees,- straight and well-grown and fruitful, shelter loviagly the cistern in their midst, and wave a continuous welcome to the outsider. Heartily did he wish well to the new, energetic, and resourceful pastor and his gallant and faithful flock, which well deserved all the best services anew minister, however choice and able, could bestow on them. The service concluded with the benediction. 