The Church and the Bible. (From the Advocate.) Continued. But, thirdly, suppose for a moment that each man, womau, and child was supplied with a true copy of the Bible, still it could not 6erve as the sole Rule of Faith, because its meaning can never be ascertained with a certainty of faith by priv.»te interpretation. For, what is the Bible ? One of the best answers to this question is that given by the great Edmund Burke : — "The Scripture," he says, "is not one summary of dootriue regularly digested, in which a man could not mis take his way — it is a most venerable, but multifarious, collection of records of Divine economy ; a collection of an in finite variety of cosmogony, theology, history, prophecy, psalmody, morality, apologue, allegory, legislation, ethics, carried through different books by different authors, at different ages, for different ends and purposes, It is neces sary to sort out what is intended for example, what only is uarrative j what to be understood literally, what figur atively ; where one precept is to be con trolled and modified by another, what is used .directly, and what only as an argument ad homincm ; what is tempor ary, aiid what of perpetual obligation ; what appropriate to one state and to one set of men, and what to the general duty of Christians." (P. 41-2.) Considering the variety of author ship of matter, mid of style, the pro fundity of the doctrine, the obscurity of the prophecy, and fig u rati veness of the language, we can readily adopt the language of one who has eloquently written that, though God could have given us a Bible as easy to read as a child's primer — a Bible in words of two. syllables — He has, on the contrary, chosen to give us a work more difficult to understand than any other, perhaps in existence. No Greek classic, no Arabic or Per sian poet, no Hindoo mystic is more obscure. It is mere cant and rhapsody to assert the contrary. What can a peasant who is told to read thiough his Bilde make out of , the minute regulations for sacrifices, unoleanneses, diseases, and expiations in Levitius; of the wars, the exterminations, the merci less dealings of Josue Samuel and Kings? What meaning will we drawn from the poetry of the prophet ; from the woes of Isais against the Moahites, Ethiopians, Baby lonians, and Syrians; from the obscure parabolic visions of Kzechiul, trora the locusts of Joel, the unclean marriages of Osee, the mnrmurings of Jonas, the dark adumbrations of Habaccuc ? And the Psalms, and Job, and Ecclesiaites, so deep, so obscure, so full of danger to a siwgle false step in misapplication, who can conceive what nonsense, or even blas phemy, an untutored mind may elaborate from them, reading them and certainly not understanding them, with the proud assurance that it is just as privileged as as the most learne ) doctor to compre hend and to explain, and to apply whatever they CLiitain ? And, last of all, take the "Canticle of Canticles." What delicacy of mind ami feeling, what a knowledge, of the existence and prin- ! ciples of a mystical application, what, a j power of absti acting from apparent ( sensuality, of iiiouglu ami praise, ami dwelling only on its oha-trsi, antagonism . — love divine — d"i s inn tli« mi>>t mis- terious, most, pcrplexii-g ami must bewildering gilt of divine inspiration, demand for its profitable or even its safe perusal. But, considered a« r prnotioil ho k, from which each of its ti»uT r? h to distil his own code m ni'ials. ami i. is own articles of faith, and including |!m New as well as the Old 'IVsia-oenf , it. becomes u thousand times mme ilifficiin . not to say more dangerous. Jt is no wonder, then, tlml. even Luther, who had adopted I'm Bib « »s the sole Rule of Faith when others used it against himself, was I'oierd to cry out at (he end of his buys — " Dear Lord God, wo cannot understand holy Scripture so easily, (hough we study it. with f«:i dilligence < 1J c'T, ji., c 5 p. 46.) If Luther, Willi « I hi- p»t.ui:i| «<nius and deep study, luuml so much difficulty in the interpretation of Scrip ture, aided as he was, as his admirers believe, by extraordinary natural and supernatural assistance, what is to be said of the unlearned, the simple, and the unstable except that they are apt to misunderstand it, "wrest it to their own destruction." Thiidly, if the Bible were given by God as the sole Rule of Faith, its adoptiou should conduce to unity of doctrine, purity of morals, and the pro motion of divine worship. Unity is one of the notes or marks of the Church of Christ. It is, according to the efficaci ous prayer of her Divine Founder, the law of her existence, the evidence of her truth, the proof of her divine origin. But we have overwhelming proof that the adoption of the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith resulted, and ptill results, in ever-increasing. Disunion and Disintegration. Before the close of the sixteenth cen tury two hundred and seventy Protcs- tuut sects were enumerated by Staphylus and Cardinal Hosius. Indeed, we have distinct confession of the leading Re formers themselves to the same effect. In his last speech in Parliament Ileuij VIII. declared : — " I am extremely sorry to find how much the Word of God is abused ; bow the people squabble ubout the sense ; how it is turned into wretched rhymes, sung aud jangled in every alehouse and tavern ; and all this in a false con struction, and couater-meaning to the inspired .writers, I am sorry to per ceive the readers of the Bible discover so little of it in their practice, for I am sure charity was never in a more lan guishing condition, virtue never at a lower ebb, nor God Himself never less honoured and worse served in Chris tendom . " ' Luther, speaking of the Bible Chris tians developed under his own system, Hays - " This one will not hear of baptism, that one denies, the Sacrament, another puts a world between this and the last day ; some teasli that Christ is not God, some say this, and some say that ; there are about as many sects and creeds as there are heads. No bumpkin is so rude but when he has dreams anil fancies he thin Its himself inspired by the Holy Ghost aud must be a pro phet." Calvin very unwillingly confesses the same sad truth. Writing to Melancthon, he says : — " It is of great importance that the divisions which subsist among us should not be known in future ages; for nothing can be more ridiculous than that we who have been compelled to make a separation from the whole world should have agreed so i 1 amongst ourselves from the beggiuning of the Reformation." Beza is eveu more emphatic : — " Our people," he says, " are carried away by every wind of doctrine. It yon know what their religion is to day, you cannot tell what it. may be to-morrow. In', what single point at" those Churches which declared lym against the Pope united amongst them selves ? There is not one point which i-< unt held hy some of (.hem as an article of faith, and hy others rejected a-s an impiety." , Melancthon if possible, still mine impressed with ihe di-iutt grilling eff cis of ili» new Rule of Faith : — " The El he," lie -ii,y s, " with all its waters, con'. ' n furnish rears enough lo weep over ihe ini-erics of the di- traded lb-lot (nation.'' Such is the it i.i or confusion of doc trine, that Luther was forced to declare. ; — "f the world enduieth much longer, wc ch ill ho I'orc d. hy iva-on of the uoul wiry interpretations of the Bible whii-h now prcruil, to adopt again, ami talie refuge in, the decrees of lite cnmicils, if we have a mind to maintain unity (d faith." To he Continued. Tin- business of the Apothecaries Company a1 Krcnian tic is under the direct supervision of Mr. If. It. Pluunuer, Pharmaceutical Chepjist (by examination). 