CHAPTER XLV. ?IC.ARD MAELODWE CONFESME. The guard was in the aot of giving the final signal, but he paused. and a hundred heads shot out of the carriage windows. Among these, was the terrified face of Riohard Marlowe. Had it not been for the vigoroe grasap of Esther Marsh, he would have left the train, and tried to oeacspe among the crowd. " It is that acoursed Roger " he gasped. "Keep your wits cool." Esther retorted. "We are not outeide the law. I'll face it out !" " I am a detective 1" repeated Frank. "And am under the impression that a lady is aboard this train, under the influence of chloroform. She is being abducted by one Marlowe. Yes," he added, coolly stepping toward the compartment occupied by Mar lowe, Either Marsh and the insensible Dora. " this is my man " "Produce your warrant!" sneered Esther. "This young lady is my mistress. We are acting under she instructions of her legel guardian." U Dnlook the door, guard," Frank said, quietly, "and eigoal an officer at the atation. I charge these people with decoy. ing this lady from her home by means of a false telegram inmy name; with administer ing to her a drug, for the purpose of pro during inseneibility-which is, in itself, a criminal act. shjll also charge them with forgery and conspiracy." Mr Marlowe and Eather Marsh were ordered to quit the train forthwith. It could not te kept waiting any longer. They protested indignantly, but were told that they had their remedy, if they could prove that the charges were false. The station detective was commissioned to keep both in confinement until the young lady nad recovered her senses, as her tesnlmony, together with that of others, would not admit of the prisoners even being released on ball. Dora was taken to a private room beyond the refreshment bar, where she awakened from her dreamful aleep, knowing nothing of the danger from which she had been rescued. In the meanwhile, Rogers sent the cab man for Fred Fairfax, and that night a number of serious charges were made to a police superintendent against Marlowe and Esther Marsh, among ehioh, and foremost of all, was the suspicion that they were directly implicated in the strange disappear. ance of Edmund Lockaley, and might yet have to answer for the crime of murder i After her first expressions of rage, Esther Marsh contented herself with sending a message to her friends in Deal, one of whom was Cantr Deeene; but Marlowe was eallow with fear. "I did not know that Locksley bad been murdered," he protested. "I honestly thought that he had run away. The game is up. and I am ready to admit my share of it. Oh, dear, I muea not stand in the dok. t will ruin me, commercially and socially. Wxthdraw yo r charge, gentlemen. I beg of you, and I will contesa all that I know evervyhin ." • ' o,' replied Fairfax. "'We shallprss it to the utmost, until the mysteryof Lock aley's fate has been cleared up. This much I will tell you-his has has been found in the Thames." Marlowe groaned with horror. "I knew nothing of this-I never ans. peted It.' You inserted the libel about him in a scurrilous society paper," was the stern rejoinder. "'And represented yourself to be Captain Deene, or some near relation of Mrs Lorkcley." "'I only did It under the instructions of another,' Marlowe sobbed. Ohn, this dia grace-the disgrace of being charged in open court with these things, will rumn me-will kill me!' " I is all you deserve," was the barrister' cold reply. " Who has been your tunotr ' 'I wiZrtll you tomorrow-after 1 have seen him," Marlowe promised. "I am sre that I can clear myself; Ihave only obeyed captain Deem in most things." "•You mean that you hold some power over the old seaman, and force him to con sent to anything yon propose." "e ows me mousy," confessed Mar lowe. "I'll make a clean breal of it, end he has not been above trading with the sangglers. This is a serious offence, partcularly for an old naval officer. From she day I discovered it, he has been my tool, and I determined to marry his grand daughter. Do you know why ?" he went on, excitedly. "I heard her mother's story from the old men again and again, and it did not take me long to discover that she was an earl's daughter-that her father lived, and that she would some day be a rich heiress. Would this not make a man do almost anything! And I shonld have suc- eeded, hbn for the handsome face and eweet words of young Lockaley. There the whole story is in a nutsnell I Esther Marsh was to share the money with me.' lie paced the police office excitedly, and both Fairfaz and tRogers promised to see rim again the next day. The charge would not be called in court for two days, and, in the meantime, muca might be done. He was removed to a cell, and they went away well entioded with the pregreas that had been made. Both men ac:ompanied Dzra to Richmond, for they were now hea?t and soul in the tack of unraveling the many myterine that surrounded her. Beyond a slight di.ineee, eho was none the worse for the cnloroform the had. inhaled, and declared that its effects had been rather pleasant than othereiee, though Ehe shoddered to think shst might have been ner fate had not Franki Foers traced the movements of her enembes. "" We have him completely in our hands now,' he Enid, when they were seated in :o train. " He has confessed that his great fc tin, whimn he beYeve!s that yon wi!i some day inherit from your father. Estner I 'roh was to eore in his good lctk, in too power he holdi over ronr foolish old grandifatnr he will now never be ablt to ore. From cnqaries made abtut him, wo earn that he is a big commercial bubbic. foe eon:ory it fuoil of his paper, purporting to ae acceptances of cutomers who roally do aot erot, If one of these documents i ser daihonored, it meante two years for "Seven !" supplenntid Faifrfx. " Or o?nject is to ran down the man who has prompted him in many things, and I am not sure, Mrs Lookaley, that it is not the same who met you at Charing Cross this evening. You say that he was under the average in size, apparently sixty years of age, and with round shoulders !" " Yes," replied Dora. "It is some one well-conversant with our movements," Frank observed; then he turned to Dora and continued: " It was enly by the merest ohanoe that I came upon the scene so opportunely, Mrs Looksley. This evening, I received a telegram from Switzerland, in answer to my advertisement, and I really believe that it is from Lord Morden himself." Dora gave a little gasp, and held out her hand for it, for, while speaking, Rogers had taken it from his pooket-book That is it: "F~xea R:OcESs, No. S Market Street, Hammersmith, London --A friend of Lord Morden wil reply to you in person within forty-eight hours." "I believe that you are right, Mr Rogers," she said. "I believe that my latner sent this wish his own hands." " With the consent of Mr Fairfax," went on Frank, "I hastened to Richmond to impart the news to you, and heard from Madame Bell that you had left an hour earlier, to meet me, in answer to a telegram whiob I had never sent to you ! You can imagine my surprise, and how I harried '"Altogether, though," Fairfax observed, "it is a fortunate circumstanoe. Matters will be narrowed down to a very fine point within a few hours, I am sure." The pony carriage was waiting for Dora at Bionmond, but before she parted with the two men, the barrister asked : "Are you quite sure, Mrs Lookeley, that you have never before seen the man who so nearly duped you to.night-or any one like him!" " Only his tones seemed to be a little familiar," she replied, " and that may be a mere suspioion." " I will not suggest any one," he said, a little sadly, "but it is my firm conviction that this is the man who is responsible for whatever evilhas befallen your husband. We have now to get at the root of the motive to disipate any doubts shat may exist. The rascal, though he may have the cunning of a fiend, is nearly run to earth. The motive l Toe motive I" A few minutes more, and they parted, Dora to return to her lonely hearth--to her constant vigil, and the two young man to keep a late appointment with Peters, who had gone to "' The Cedars" for ta two-fold purpose-one was to see his master, the other to show his-hatred and contempt for Viscount Melvills. "I will be back to-night," he had said "I will be at the Temple at midnighl-if 1 am alive 1" He laughed, and Fairfax begged of him to have no secrets from thgm. " Why should yon tink that I have any ecrets ?" he demanded. -' Because your manner is more than melo dramatic,' was the reply. Then he looked earnestly at the barrister. " What I have kept to myself so far, is for the safety of my master," he said, " bui I will not keep it alter I have seen him. He does not yet know that his son-the son for whom he has sinned--i gone, perhaps, for ever. The viliain- Bnt there I1 will not say another word until I come back to night. You know where I am going to 'The Cedars,' Streatham ill ! If 1 do not come back, you will know where to find my body I" Re went away, leaving Fairfax in an un comfortable frame of mind. " Peters thinks that he knows something of importance," he told Rogers, " btI shall soon begin to think that he is as irrespon sible as his master. It seems an act of kindness on the part of Melville to persuade Mr Lookeiey to return home under any pretence, though Peters attributes to him sinister motives. why They propoended many theories, but decided to do nothing furtner, until Peters came back, and were both anxious and ex pectant, particularly since the events which had landed Mr Richard Marlowe in prison. It was nearly twelve r':lock when they reached the Temple, but there was no Peters in sight. They went up to Fairfax's roms, and the barrister produced a box of cigars, and some light wine. ' Let us make ourselves as comfortablo as we can," Fairfax said. "I mass confess that these roams and passages have a grue some feeling at night. The deathly silence, after the bustle of the day, is very depress ing. I should think an author would gets plenty of in-piration here for a complete budget of ghost steries I" Rogers coaed the door, witha shiver, and stirrea up the dying embers of the fire. " Toe wind has a mournful sound," he observed, "and the silence is only acoens nated by the tramp of the policeman who ,asses every hour. Hark I There he goes now!' "n' alf-past twelve I I hope that Peters will not forget his appointment. He promised to be here in the spirit, if not in the being corporeal I" A minute ter, they beard a step on the paved court-yard, and Rger stepped to the window. "It's Peters, at last!" he exclaimed. "Hallo I There's somebody after him. By Heaven I it's the man with the hump-the man who decoyed Mrs Lockoley ' " Nonsense !" ejaculated the barrister, as he jamped to his ?est. "By George, Rogers, you are right I" They heard Peters on the stairs, and Fair fax turned to get a light, while Rogers walked to the door. " Hold," interrpted the barrister. " He knows his way. Lot him get to the top before we show ourselves, lest we startle our friend with the hbump. We must capture that gentleman !' The footsteps came nearer; then there was an oppressivre silence, followed by a terrible thud-thud, and a aream of mortal "agers dashed open the door, while Fair. fax revealed a horrible sight, almost at their fees, as he held aloft the lamp that he had anatched from the table. 