OPEN LETTERS TO PUBLIC No. VII. To ALBERT -F. CALVBBT, Esq., F.R.G.S., M.E., B.B., etc., etc., the intrepid explorer of the Golden West who, in his own words, has " contributed so much to the present greatness of Western Australia," this letter is respectflully indited by the writer. My Dear Calvert,— Coolgardie, September 20,1895. "In the beginning God created the Heavens and the Earth, and the Earth was without form and void"—at least so far as Western Australia was concerned—until one, Albert F. Calvert, came along in the person of no other than your honored self and gave it a shove on. It has been my privilege to address a good many distinguished personages . during my long and honorable career (imitation my dear C is the sincerest flattery), but my heart quails within me at the task which now confronts me. It has been truly said, I know my dear Calvert, that some men are born great, some have that enviable distinction jammed down their throats, whilst other achieve that commodity by dint of years of hard and honorable labor; but you appear to have pooled all these blessed contingencies and " snavelled" the lot. At least this is what I opine after a perusal of the London limes, dated August 6, wherein six columns of matter charged with most unmerited and fulsome flatteries and encomiums upon Albeit F. Calvert appear served up in the form of quasi—editorial matter. Shades of John Walter and Delane 1 Can thiB be the Times of which Emerson wrote :—" No power in England is more felt, more feared, rr more obeyed. What you read in the morning in that journal you will hear in the evening in all society. It has ears every where, and its formation is the earliest, completest, and surest ?" At first sight of these six columns I thought that perhaps there might be two Albert F. Calverts, and you might not be the intrepid explorer, mighty mining, expert and Brobdingnagian Bounder, that the other feliow is but merely the harmless necessary purveyor of Carbolic Tooth Powder and prosaic Disinfectant, which, until the copy of the Times referred to appeared, I, in common with mauv others, had always "associated with the name of Calvert. Should I be in error, no doubt you can put me right in due course, but " these presents" are directed to him who once buggied it as far as Pilbarra, who never once in his life set foot on the Coolgardie or Murchison goldfields, and who now poses as the soi- disamt Rhodes of Western Australia. Cecil oE the Cape has been well described as the " colossus of Rhodes." You, my dear sir, might aptly be called the" eoloBssus of Cheek," for you have no more knowledge of Western Australia than a pig has of Plato. Never before or since the famous Pigott Parnell forgeries has the poor old Times beeu so taken down, and even Piggott might almost take a back seat now. I note that you are one of the spoiled darlings of that ghastly temple of tuft-hunters, the Imperial Institute, and that " me and Sir Somers Vine " are quite chummy, doncher know ? What a pity Thackeray could not have lived, a little longer to hare enrolled you in his immortal Book of Snobs. Not, my dear Calvert, that I would presume to compare any work of William Makepeace Thackeray's to those masterpieces advertised by yourself in the Times as your own works, via.—" The Exploration of Australia," " Cool gardie and its Goldfields," " Western Australia and its welfare,"and a dozen other lucubrations which I heard, an irreverent scribe, who does know a little about these goldfields, charac terise' as hogwaBh, and mullocky to a degree, besides being grossly misleading. To enum crate all the " brilliant literary coruscations (phrase registered) that have emanated from your pen (or that of your "ghost") would entail a demand upon our space which, however much the Times can spare for such interesting items, is more than the COOL GABDIE M INEE can afford. You won't mind my cutting out on« chunk of your as ticle to the Timet, juBt to let the people of West Australia see how jealously and aealously their interests are looked after in England :—" The eminent services of Mr, Albert F. Calvert as a pioneer and explorer of Western Australia and as a mining engineer and a writer were fittingly recognised recently at a banquet .at the Imperial Insti tute ia Mr. Calvert's honour, when a »uo- stantial testimonial was presented, to him, Among the gentlemen who assembled on the occasion were many who had taken a leading part in developing the resources of Weatralia. The Hon. Sir Malcolm Fraaer, K.C.M.G., was in th« chair, and he was supported by Sir Frederick Abel, Sir Somers Vine, Lord Granville •ordon, General Delafoese, Sir William Davies, K.C.S.I., Lieutenant- Colonel Fred erick Henderson, Captain E. Carringto; Arnold, Mr. W. C. Punchard, Mr. Herbert B. Kendall. Mr. F. E. Harman, Mr. Edmund Poole, Mr. H. Black well, jun., The Chairman said:—My Lords aud Gentlemen, before proceeding with the toast, it devolves upon me to inforCu you that numbers of letters of regret at inability to attend have been received from gentlemen whom we had hoped > to have seen here to-night. They include letters from Sir William Bobinson, Sir Richard Garth, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey (who, as you well know, was the Governor of New Zealand before he commenced his official career in West Australia, where he made some interesting explorations, now nearly half-a^century ago); Datre Sri Amar d'Baja Abdul Rahman, C.M.G., Prime Minister to the Sultan of Johore, Sir Saul Samuel, K.C.M.G., C.B., Agent-General for New South Wales, Hon. Duncan Gillies, Agent-General for Victoria, Hon. Thomas Playford, Agent-General for Sonth Australia, Hon. Sir Westby Percival, K.C.M.G., Agent- General for New Zealand, Sir Robert Herbert, K.C.B., Acting Agent-General for Tasmania, Lord Dononghmore, Lord Ashburnbam, Sir Francis Evans, Mr. 8. Yardley, M.G., Major- General Sim, Major-General Shaw Stewart, Lieutenant-Colonel Tabor, R.A., and others. The usual loyal toasts having been proposed, he proceeded to proposethe toast of the evening. After referring to the splendid service rendered to Western Australia by Mr. Calvert, and the great strides made by the colony since it has taken over the management of its own affairs. " Did you frame these letters of apology, Albert, or merely cast them into the waste paper basket? Never mind, you had one Liord present in the person of Lord Granville Gordon to wit, and as he is accredited with beiug one of the guileful guinea pigs who hire out their names to companj promoters, you ought not to complain. But surely there is a misprint in the last line and a half of the above extract. Should It not read " since he (not ' if) has taken over the management of its own affairs." Would you consider it impertinent if I asked whether you employed lady typewriters, and if so, how many, and whether it was £500 or £600 that old Father Times charged you for those six columns 1 Your lines for the past have, indeed, been cast in pleasant jlaces. Your explorations have apparently jeen chiefly confined to the Strand, Piccadilly, and the Mall, with an occasional adventurous excursion—we beg pardon—trip to Brighton. Your intrepid it has been amply proved by the consummate impudence with which you have coolly appropriated, without acknowledgement, the information which baB been gleaned by journalists here at infinite pains and risks, and should you carry out your announced intention of paying us a visit shortly, you can rely upon a hearty reception fuom the members of the Fourth Estate. My only wonder is, sir, that a man of your mammoth and multifarious capacities has not already volunteered to come out and federate Australia—a task that however Herculean it may appear to the average Australian statesman, wsuld be but child's-play in the hands of such an Admirable Cricbton as yourself. Given a Federated Australia what is to prevent the evolution of Albert F. Calvert, Esq., into Sir Albert F. Calvert, K.C.M.G., Governor-General of Federated Australia ? However, this is a matter we can discuss with you when you consummate your promised visit to us. Perhaps the fceparationists will see fit to take you up, and, if so, your future is assured. In the meantime, let us know when you do intend to plant your number ten footprints in the sands of W.A., and we will organise a triumphial reception for you and a big banquet, but for goodness sake don't come without dear Lord Granville Gordon. Of course, you mustn't expect anything up to Imperial Institute form just yet, but you will meet some deuced good fellows, among whom you will find (" though I says it what shouldn't") Your most sincere admirer, J. C. GULLIVER. 