Tlie Baby and -the Piano; Theamall woman in the Napoleon had moved up to make room for the plump matron in the little Dutch bonnet. They had evidently not seen each other for some time, and they didn't "seem to mind the other passengers at all. -, .? " So you've left your lovely flat !" cried the plump matron. " Why, I thought you were eo delighted with it that you would remain at least a couple of years." . . "Oh, haven't you heard why we left ?" : groaned the small woman. " No ? Well, I suppose not, and I did promise Jack not to tell any one about it-he thinks it a joke, the idea ! it's just like a man-but you really don't count." " Of.course not-of coitrse not." The other passengers began to look in terested and move up closer, but she never noticed them. "You remember those awful people in the flat below ns, don't you? She was a ' little woman with a fuzzy head. I never could make Jack admit that she used a curling iron like other people. He used to say it couldn't be so,, because her hair was always curled, which only goes to show how vain she is. . And as for that baby o f hers---" ? "Oh, I remember now!" "Well, it cried almost constantly, until it fairly set me wild. Jack said I looked -, like a ghost, and I couldn't practise on my piano more than six hours a day to save my life. It seemed tomé that every time I began to play, it began to cry, and it re-, quired all my firmness to keep on." "Andthat was why you actually had to move ?" " Yes, indeed; I told Jack I wouldn't stay there onother month if they would, give me the building, and I told him to tell the agent so, too; it would serve him right-but Jack-is so soft-hearted I doubt if he did it." . ? " I hope that woman WDBsatisfied, then." "Satisfied? Humph, just wait; the' day wo moved two vans drove up to the door, and, as I passed her flat going down, I saw that they, too, were moving." ". But you are rid of them now" replied the plump matron soothingly. "Kid of them! ?That's just it. Why, all unconscious, they had rented a flat right underneath the new one we had taken,, and there we , are with a year's lease, a flat not nearly so nice as the old one, and that babb's lungs developing every day !" .And while her friend tried vainly to console her, a sardonic smile went up one side of the car and down the other. 