MARJ ORY'S MISTAKE. Br ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " The Great Mill-street Mystery," . " Jacobi's Wife," "Sir Anthony'! Secret," " Under ..False Pretensions," ko., ko. : {COPXBIOHX PDBCHASED. BY. TUB BABBIBS MIKES.] ^ CHAPTER XXXm. ' " r-l'ffâçhïè's Konditionv was critical, "and . J for seVerál succeeding days and nights Che fever returned at intervals, each time leaving him in a state of extreme pros, tration ; but Felix Hyde's care and * medical skill palled him through the . worst of his illness, and as soon as he . ? could be moved he had him taken to the nearest town where there was reasonable prospect of getting rid of hi ailments. Away from tho swamp district,. where it was almost impoi ; lible to escape malarious poisoi ? Archie Began to recover strength, an Felix declared he would soon be we ..eaough to proceed to New York ar thence to Liverpool. But the first tin he spoke of tte journey he was amaze to find that Archie received the sugg« tion with a sortjof shuddering disgust. 'Back again !' be said, 'and by se: too! I think it woald bs better i Marjory came out to me.' 'Don't) yon care to return, to Enj land, than V said Felix, in some sui .prise. , .'England's all very well when yo áre there,' said Archie, 'bat,', wit rather a nervous laugh, 'there'd th '; * fe» between us, you know.' .Ahl' thought) Felix, 'his nerve have been shaken by that shipwreck And for a moment or two he sal \- nothing, as h3 felt sure that hi patient's objection to the £saa woul 'only be reinforced by opposition. ' Welche said, at length, 'you ar : not^sttong enough for much travellio] \--^às yet, so I think we had batter wai a bit, and decide what can be don . when you are stronger.' The conversation dropped, and fo : some days nothing m ire was said con . cerning Archie's return to England ; ° but every one was not so reticent a -, Felix, and when it became known ii the hotel where they were staying tha Archie had been on board that il fated 'Aurora,' some inie.est wa expressed in him, and oae or tw ladies assailed bim with questions a . ? to the way in which tho shipwreck hat occurred. Archie bore the infliction pretfcj well, but Felix w;s not altogethei surprised to Eea him turn yery whiti \- af ter a while, and leave the. verandal where he had been lounging in a rock ing chair, rath r hurriedly. Ile hie . to explain to tbehdiea that his friead'i nerves bad bsea very much upset, anc Í .' that it was wùer not to meation th< : shipwreck in his hearing. But thc ladies were a little offended by thii information, and seemed to think thai Felix had no business to interfere witt their topic3 of conversation. However when Felix rejoined his friend, in theil private apartment, Archie justified th« remonstrance he bad made by saying, in an aggrieved and exhausted tonë 'I say, Felix ; caa't.youmake ; those women hold their tongues? \- *I have been suggesting tó them that they should do so,' said Felix, with a smile, 'but they have not taken the suggestion in very good part.' ' Hang them all, and their curiosity I1 . said Archie. . AB if I over wanted to hear or think of that accunei time again !' He put his' hands over bia eye?, as if to shut out some unwelcome flight .. 'Your nerves are not right yet, old mao,'said Felix,' and you had better not try them vtoo muchi j though, ] must) warn you, you are showing a mojbid sousitiveaesa on the subject1.' 1 Morbid, indeed !' said Archie, with unaccustomed vehemence; It is easy : enough for you, who have never seen anything of the sort>, to talk in'that \- way ; but when one"1 thinks of the horror of it all, of the shrieks, of \- dying wretches round you, and the , agonised faces, and the horrible . sensa- tion of death creeping, up to you, in spite cf yourself ; if you had known all this, I say you would ; be glad . enough to .Hot it oat), of your memory forever.' . --J: ??i^-i ? . I daresay-1 should, old fellow,' said Felix, gently. « Wtll, >è had better get avray from hore as soon as possible, as you are strong enough, and wej wiJl go to some place, whére nobody knows anything a^out us.' / Yen, that would be the beeb way, Slid Archio, with an air of evident relief j;?.and you will not tell anyone . .. that I was in the shipwreck when we . . go to another place, will you V « I didn't toll them this limp,'said Frtlix, ' bub ib leaked out somehow. The further we go eastward the more likely we are to be known.' But Archit1, in bis egotism, and Felix, with his usual want of selt . oonsoiousnes?, never suspected that- it waa not all, after all, the .shipwrecked mm who excited interest so mach os the grave, dark-browed stranger, who had come from England to find his friend. Mr. Hyde's search for Archie was generally supposed to have been accompanied by unheard-of difficulties and dangers, bat he was nob capable of being lionised as Archie was, and therefore eacaped all suspicion of the truth. Felix was scarcely surprised to find himself awakened that night by the strangled cry of nightmare from Archie's bed. It wat* more like the delirium of fever than an ordinary nightmare, and it was some time before Archie waa quieted. This had occurred two or three times before, and any painful incidents of the shipwreck caused it to recur. Felix began to notice with less surprise than scientific interest that Archie's dreams always assumed one form. He was always struggling or shrinking from some terrible enemy, whose clutches he seemed to dread. There was always the same suggestion of implacable vengeance, always the same fearful dread of what would happen if he were captured by this foe. Felix sometimes wondered whether he were not personifying in bis dreams the relentless se» that had devoured so many victims, and whether the cruel waves,-which had sucked away th« sur- vivors one by one, as they clung to the rigging after the wreck, did not trans- form themselves in Archie's midnight visions , to supernatural beings with cruel eyes of hate, and. greedy, clutch-' tag hand?. He did his Best to save his friend from curious inquirers, and he was glad at last to reach a placa where* nobody reemed to have heard of the shipwreck, and where no one mani- fested any special interest in himself or Archie. This was a quiet little hotel in the mountains, where summer boarders-chiefly artists-were taken in without much interest or curiosity ; and in the fresh, keen air, and healthy, balsamic breath of the pine woods, Archie's health benefited considerably. Here thay received letters from South minster, and Felix soon saw that Mar- jory's letters to her husband worked a change which all his persuasions had not been able to effect. Archie sud- denly declared that he wanted nothing so much as to get back to England, that he did hot mind the sea voyage, and that he was quite strong enough to proceed without further delay. Felix encouraged him in this disposi- tion, and the result was that they found themselves once more in New York before the summer was over, took their berths, and prepared to Btart as soon as possible. ' While in New York Felix was visited by his old friend, Mr.- Olcott, who congratulated him warmly oa the success of his effortp, and showed him- self friendly, though with a sort of cautious friendliness, to Archie. Felix divined certain vague suspicions on Mr. Olcotb's part, and he was more irritated than he liked to show. Archie, more iver, took a somewhat vehement dislike to the New York lawyer, and this fnet prevented Felix from asking him to spend the evening with him, as he would otherwise have done. He had, therefore, scarcely any time in which to make inquiries about Jerry Strangways, for he did not wanb to resur to the subject of the wreck in Archie's presence more' than wai un- avoidable. He had only time to ask at the last mome.it how Mr. Strang- ways was getting on, ' Excellently,' said Mr. Olcott, with a little complacency. 'Hebroke down shortly after you saw him, and had a sharp attack of brain fever. Since his recovery he has tried to break him- self of bis drinking habits, and I must say with considerable success. His brain is in such a ticklish condition that the least excess makes him un- governable; in fact, he becomes a raging lunatic as soon as ha is drunk. Some friends of mine made a subscrip- tion for him, and set him up in a little business of his own, where ha is doing well. I should not wonder if he were a rich man yet.' ' Does he ever speak of the man who took the lifebelt from bis daughter V .No, he maintains an impenetrable silence on that point. I-should hop9,' said Mr. Olcott, shrugging his shoulden, 'that the poor de Al was either drowned or would never eee the face of Jerry Strangways agaic' ~ 1 (Vho was the man you were speak- ing of Y said Archie, wlien Mr. Olcott had gone. . I caught a few words about a fellow that had brain fever.' .Yes, one of the survivors * of the wreck,' said Felix, with some hesita- tion. 'Ho was very ill for a time,but he is better now.' ' - : ' Confound the wreck !' said Archie, irritably. 1 We are always hearing something about it. Was this man one of tho crew Î1 . ' Not a steerage passenger,' said Fe'îx, gravely. ' The man's name was Strangways.' He. had forgotten for thé - moment that s Strangways was known on board as Jeremiah Strong. 'I don't know the nam?,' said Archie, -with a curious' air of relief. . But there were plenty of cantankerous old fellows bu board.' .This man had a daughter,' Felix began, thoughtfully, : and he - was amazed at the sudden passion with which Archie flung himself away, exclaiming ..v.' ' Heavens and earth ! Was that such.a remarkable phenomenon? I wish > people would learn to talk of something better than that shipwreck ; it makes me sick to hear of it.' * I don't often speak of it to you,' said Felix, goodhumoredly, -'but I must say, Archie, I wish you , would overcome your sensitiveness a little, because it will be impossible to prevent) your friends in England from /ques- tioning you.' ' My friends may go to the devil,' said Archie, hotly. « I won't be ques- tioned about it, and T. shall* let them know that pretty soon . What, fools people are! Do they actually think : there is anything pleasant in the re membrance of people drowning around youf 'Archie bas more feeling than I shonld have given him credit for,' Felix reflected, « bat I daresay T have often betn ni jost to bim. He has usually tuch a light and indifferent manner, that one imagines him to be careles*. I see that it is probably the veil which conceals a sensitive nature.' He put it in this way to himself because he ches? to think as well of Archie as possible, bat he might have questioned whether the sensitiveness of which he spoke did not proceed from Archie's nerves rather than from Archie's tenderness of heart. . At last we are off,' said Felix, next morning, as he stood with his friend on tho deck of the steamer that wei to take them to England. 1 We are not off yet,' said Archie, a little gloomily. ' We have not started.' 'They are pulling np the gangway,' said Felix. ' There is Mr. Oclott, you see. I am glad he came to see us off.' Archie turned to look at tho lawyer, who had just bidden them good-bye, and who now, standing on the wharf, lifted his bat to them with ceremonious courtesy. At that moment there was a little stir of excitement in the crowd. A man bad come tearing down the wharf as if his life depended on his punctuality. He seemed to be bent on gaining the vessel bound for England. Bat) the gangway had just been taken np, and he had a moment's passionate converse with V e officials in charge of it. If he had been a passenger they would probably have lowered it again, bat it seemed that he had no intention of sailing for England, and therefore the officials shook their heads in reply to his entreaty, whatsoever that might have been. .Why,' »id Felix, suddenly, 'it's Strangways 1' ' Strangwayp,' said Archie, dreamily, rand who's Strangways f He had turned his back tb the wharf, and was looking seaward, with a cigar between his lips, but Felix's exclamation caused him to tarn roand again. . Why,' said Felix, . Strangways Is the man I told yon about that was saved fi om the shipwreck). Look ; do you know himf 'Why should I know himf sud Archie irritably. ' I wasscarcely ever out of my berth the whole time with seasicknees. I don't suppose I ever set eyes on him !' However, he tamed and looked. Jerry Strangways was still holding excited colloquy with the officials who had been in charge of the gangway. His soft felt hat waB poshed back from his ragged brow, and his wild locks and grizzled beard made him a noticeacle figaro in the strong light of the August san. He seemed strangely excited, and the nearest members of the little crowd on the wharf, half jeering, half sympathetic, had to fold his arms, or he wooli almost have dashed into the water ' in a vain attempt to reach the vessel, which had now made the first movement on her ocean way. 'We have started,' said Felix, glancing at Archie. ' What is the matter, man ) You look as if yon had seen a ghost f . Archie's face had grown deadly whits,.?his hands clutched the bbl warks tightly, and his eyes seemed as if they were starting out of his head. The cigar had fallen from his Tps, and lay ?mouldering on the white deck at his feet. Atonishmenb, dismay, and even fear-actnel craven fear-were de- picted on his ashen face. As he stood in this way, confronting the wharf, it seemed as though Strangways for the first time caught sight of the two Eeglish passengers. The paddk wheels were b?ginning to tarn rapidly, and the steamer ' was already moving with majestic swiftness. There was a ppice of green water between the ship and the wharf, across which the sound of voices could barely travel, bub Fi lix, - uncomprehending, saw Strangways' face grow livid, saw bim throw up his arms, and burst into a torrent. of speech, which seemed to consist of execration or reproach. Finally he dropped on his knees, and, with his anns still raised above his head, seemed as if he were invoking t'ue vengeance of heaven. upon the departing vessel and all ib contained. Felix eaw the awe-3tricken faces of the crowd. The man had evidently banished laughter by his savage earnestness. , List of a l, altbough the scene , was' growing vaguer, be distin- guished the figure of Mr. Oicott cleaving a way through thc crowd, to lay his hand on Strangways' shoulder ; and Felix drew a breath of relief. Mr. Oicott would understand the old man, and would probably bo able to calm him, even if he were possessed by that demon of drink which sometimes made him, as the lawyer had said, like a raving lunatic. He turned again to Archie, and laid bis hand on the young man's arm, attributing bis palor and change of expression to the horror that usually seized him when anything connected with the wreck - was brought to his notice, . .Come, Archie,' ho said, 'pull your -self together. This is probably the last you will see of the ' Aurora' pas- sengers.' . I hope ib may be,' fell from Archie'd lipSj with a dull sound,, suggestive of suffering. Felix glanced ab him sharply. This sensitiveness of Archie's amounted almost to a disease. Was his - brain a little unhinged by the experience, he had passed through on board the . Aurora' 1 ; Felix began to wonder whether the system of keeping silence on the subject did not merely tend to foster an unbeilthy secretive- ness on Archie's part, and he made an attempt to speak naturally concerning the scenè which they had just wit- nessed. .I wonder what the poor old.man wanted ? he said. ' Perhaps he simply wanted to speak to nae. I sent him money by Olcott.' 'Toa sent him moneyf ejaculated Archie. * Yes. Why not 1 I was sorry for him. He had lost all he possessed, and was almost penniless*' 1 Then why not let him die outright, and bo done wifchf cried Archie passionately. 'Why drag on an existence when nothing but misery and madness aie left? 'Yon know the old fellow, thenV said Felix. ' You know something of his history.' Archie drew a long breath, and the grasp of his hands on the rail relaxed. ' I heard something of him on board. He is mad, mai as a hatter !' ' He losb his daughter under very shocking circumstances,' began Felix, bot Archie instantly interrupted him. ? 'Then he isn't the man I mean. The man I am speaking of never had a daughter. My eyes must have been deceived.' . .My man's nama" said Felix, ' is Strangways/ ' Then it could not be the same,' said Archie, eagerly, 'though at a little distance the resemblance was some- what close. The man I knew was not colled Strangways at all.' ' Was he called Strong V said Felix, quietly. Again Archie's face assumed its ashen hue. ' How did you know that t he said. ' Because Strangways and Strong were the same man,' f-aid Felix: cheer- fully, ' and he and his daughter were on the " Aurora.' " .Haven't' I t jli you often enough not to pester, me about the " Aurora F ' said Archie with irri- tability, which Felix .pardoned on account of his ^whitening lips and wild, wandering eyes. . You know I can't bear to hear of it. The very thought of it, it sometimes seems to me, will send me mad f and with that he quitted his position by the .bulwarks, and made his way to tho cabin, with- out casting a look behind. Felix remained oh deck for some time longer, looking aa he felt, some- whats; anxious and troubled ; and re- flecting that he did nob understand Archie's state of mind at all, (To be continued on Tuesday). 