Tilla BRO OGILBY, UCIGA ULT. * t COMPANY. "THE SECOND MRS. TANQUERAY." Last night, for the first time during the season, the work presented by the Bi-ousrii.BouoiCfl.ult Company was not new to Brisbane. It was Pinero's "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray," that marvellous social study which has created more interest than any play that has been written of recent years. It is not necessary to recapitulate the plot of the work, the skeleton upon which Pinero lins built until he has placed in the hands of actors and actresses a work equalling in tragic earnestness anything, that Sardou has given to the world-a modern society play that has in it most of the elements of the deepest tragedy a play that shows how under satin gowns and in the glitter of splendid sur roundings a tragedy of life may be enacted such as gives warrant to the saying that has come into use that there is more misery In Mayfair than in the East End of London. "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray" is undeniably true to life. Of that there can be no two opinions. Whether the stage is the place to day play the problems arising from the social complications or to discuss them is a point upon which opinions will vary. We are given a woman who, having taken one step on the downward path, drift:, into a mode of life which needs no description. The words which she offers to her husband in speaking of the suit for the hand of his daughter from sufficient indication of what that life was " We kept house together once." Such may have been the general burden of her life's history until she met Aubrey Tanqueray Then she learned what the love of a good man meant. He saw in her many good traits, and ninth her his wife. But I there nriRos up one of the spectres of the past-the unhappy woman discovers in her prospective son-in-law a former lover. The play has no more dramatic scenes perhaps than that in which the young girl realises the relationship that has existed, and tells her stepmother that from the first she knew her <>)>iirnr-t(»r, it was written in her face. The position is fully realised by "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray." She feels that she is polluted through and through. and that though slits may while young and beautiful hold her place in her husband's heart, that by-and-by she will become "a ghost a wreck, a caricature," and will no longer be endurable That feeling, accentuated by the horror of her meeting with her step- daughter's advanced leads her to take her own life. No more powerful situa- tions have ever been presented In modern plays than Mr. Pinero has given us in the last two years. They are in capable hands simply thrilling, and hold the audience in a condition of interest so intense as to be distinctly painful. The principal Interest last night centred in Miss Olliffe's reading of the name part. It will lie\i'emeinbf»re:l that upon the production of the play last season the character was In the hands of Mrs. Brough. Comparison between the two is unavoidable. To the Brisbane playgoers every line in the play conjures up the talented lady who was first associated with it here, and Miss Olliffe was therefore at a distinct disadvantage in following one so highly esteemed. In the first and second acts Miss Olliffe seemed to suffer on that account ; but In the last two acts her performance was magnificent, and at the fall of the cur- tain at the end of the play she was re- called and the audience stood up and warmly cheered Tier. Miss Olliffe. taking her work all through, does not suffer from the unavoidable comparison which we have mentioned.'" Looking over the points at which her talent was' most apparent one cannot adequately describe her facility in representing the varying moods of the woman Mr. Pinero has so cleverly and with such fidelity to actual Hush, blood, and emotions sketched out for us. Miss Olliffe proved too that she was capable of interpreting the liner feelings of a woman's nature. A better evidence of that generally was perhaps given In " Lady Windermere's" Pan." but no better touch could be desired than in the words where Aubrey Tannuorny's wife, in asking for the love of his daughter, says. " Some years ago I had a great trouble ; since then I have not shed a tear." Miss Olliffe also moved her audience deeply in her representation of the nervous, woman of the world, imploring her husband to give her one more chance to gain the affec- tion of his pure souled daughter. But the principal triumph of the artist was in her meeting with her former lover. Ardale, and her relation to her husband of her association with Ardale in past years. What was to be done ? There were the notes of frenzied despair in the words as she uttered them, not with a wild scream, but rather hissed out hoarsely, and under her breath. With- out doubt Miss Olliffe deserved all the honours of the situation. She was ably supported, but her triumph was her own, and those who know how difficult It is to keep Brisbane people in their seats at the close, of a play will best appro centre Miss OUt To impression upon those who saw her work last night. when it is remembered that, though she is off the Mage for some time before the cur- tain drops, the audience remained to call her before the curtain and warmly choose her. Miss- Noble and Miss Temple played the parts which they so ably filled last year, and Miss Talbot was cast for Mrs. Cnrtelyon. Mr. Cecil Ward was in a new part, that of Captain Ardale, and in the scene where he meets Mrs. Tanqueray he quite shared the honours with Miss Olliffe. The scene was a short but impressive one. Mr. Boucicault was in his old part of Cnyloy Druniinle. one of the bright lights on the domestic horizon of the house of Tnnnuerny. Mrs. Dorrington and Mr. WHITe's former part of Sir George Orroycd. and it suffered not a whit in his hands. It is scarcely necessary to speak in complimentary terms of Mr. Titheradge as Aubrey Tas picnic. The part is a very difficult one. but in it Mr. Titheradge fully repeated his success of last year. " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray" will be played again to-night, and on Friday and Saturday, the closing nights of the season, " The Amazons" will be presented. Tills: MRS. TANQn-UJAY" DRESSES. In her opening scene last night as Paula Tanqueray, Miss Olliil'o wore a charmingly arranged evening gown in pale cyclamen brocade figured in a graceful design of, an all appearances, water-grasses. Tiny skirt was plain, and arranged with demi-train, the corsage veiled, and at the back draped diagonally In willie lace. The sleeves were much puffed, and were surmounted by epaulettes of' wide white lace, and finished with hanging frill of the same dainty fabric. The minutes, worn as a sortie de hat, was in dark-black or Invisible green moire comunicated with deep fur collar and rovers. A dazzling reveres of diamonds completed the toilette. The walking gown worn by the artiste was in fawn caraculu cloth, the corsage arranged In the centres in a deep V shaped point embroidered all round In scallops with fawn silk and a little gold through. the X falling over a pouched front In pale-blue pleated chiffon, and rovers In the same mode as the V ascend- ing on each side of the chiffon front from waist to shoulder. Collar, should- der-piece, belt, and cuffs in sapphire velvet sensation in fawn braid completed this corsage. The third toilette was in ice-blue brocade figured in designs in which a little pink was combined with the blue, and plain pale-blue satin. The front of the bodice and skirt were in the brocade, and the remainder of the gown In the satin. The fronts of the satin portion were lined with pale tie pink veiled in while Venice point. The train was likewise lined with pink, and the sleeves were in pink and air- blue satin. Mrs. Walker is to be congratulated on her very successful debut as a costumiere for the dramatic stage. 