SHROUDED IN MYSTERY ; OR , WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY ? CHAPTER XXXII. By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For, True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; (All RIGHTS RESERVED.) Lady Howarth’s glance followed the direction of her husband’s apparently agonised glare, and she saw in a moment that it was no mere trick imagination, the outcome pt a troubled oonsoieuce, that caused ;.his, sudden and terrible emotion, for there really was some one or, some thing looking in upon them through one of the lower, panes of the great oriel window, ! and raoreyer . the face was a female o.n'e, and as candaverous as that of a fortnight old corpse, while a profusion of carls, which, might once have been golden, waved in the breeze around, it. . IHe light of the wax candles, within the room, for it was quite dart outside, furthermore revealed a stiff slight figure, 'with a .pinched i« waist, and a flame' : 'colored skirt standing out over enormous hoops, while the thin leaden colored arms, bare to. the elbows, were there adorned with huge lace ruffles, yellow with age. ‘She. died twelve years ago, at this very hour, !’groaned Sir Harry, as though each .w.ord was diragged out of him, and scarcely had he uttered them than the spectre, if it was one, raised i's long deli .cate hands and wrung them in a piteous and pitiful manner, then pointed with one of them at Ruth, shaking its head sor rowfully: the while, and finally, drawing what seemed to be a wedding ring from off the tfiird finger of its left hand, throw it with a dialling ring against the window* and with a shrill and blood curdling wail immediately vanished out of ‘eight. . ‘ Oh, this is too horrible ; I will ,not stay in this accursed house another day—an other hour,’ exclaimed Lsdy 'Howartb, rising to'her feet. Bat her trembling limbs refused to sup port her, and she sank down into, her chair again, the next instant to fall from it to the carpet in a swoon. As fqr Sir Harry he took no notice of her whatever, bat pouring himself oat a glass full of raw brandy' he tossed it off as though it had been water, and then rushing over to the window, which reached down to the floor within, and to almost the level of the terrace walk with out, lie undid the catch, tore it open, and striding thereout peered eagerly among the gravel for something, in places on which the candles threw no light, even stooping down and groping on the gronnd with bis fingers. , Presently he gave utterance to a deep groan as a circular "glitter caught his attention, and grasping at it his long bony dingers closed upon a ring—a wedding xiog r for the first touch thereof was rsufficient to reveal that. Clutching it tenaciously, yet fearfully, Jhe leapt within the room as (hough ta legion of devils were at his hvels, and with .the same frenzied baste he shut and bolted the window, and shadderingly «drew the huge heavy curtains right across it. This done be stepped across the pros trate body of bis wife, without even observing bow beautifully the snowy whiteness of her plump bare arms and heaving breast contrasted with the black groundwork of the carpet, which was all top rough and coarse for contact with so soft and .dimpled a" back ; and gaining the hearthrug he beg-tn to minutely inspect the ring which he bad picked up, mutter ing to himself dm while. ‘ It was hen’s —I dare not doubt it—Oh, God,-would that I could believe that it was some imposture—that I had boon the victim of a m-re delusion. But Bose saw her also, or sho. would not have fainted,"and it is utterly impossible that both of; us could have been mistaken. And. then the face, the hair, the very dress she wore—all too well remembered —for too well remembered. Oh, would 1 could go mad, for madness would bO Jbliss to such as me. I piously thought tba£ - A bright young face and merry laughter,would break the spell that has lain so long aod so heavily on Olegg Hall. Alas, once* across its threshold and the rfaoe was bright no longer, and laughter «nd merriment were straightway frozen within her. Perhaps ere Jong, poor thing, ,her .very hair will, turn as white as mine.’ His gaze* which was by this time fixed jppon ma.leaq than a fortnight old bride, showed that it, was her whom ho was now Chiefly thinking about, but all at once a something seemed to strike, him, for he .laid holdof the*bell rope, and tugged at i$t so furiously that it came down in his hand, not, however, before it had created noisy alarm -which had the effect, a -raiouto jater, of bringing a frightened? looking .servant into the room. ‘ Send Mistress Dorothy to me at onoe> -Where is-obef , ‘ Gone to bed, I think, Sir Harry, but I will see,’ . . . - t , ‘Send.,her at once,, in any ease. If isho hasn-gone to bed ; she must get up sternly retorted tho'baronet. servant, started ,off,and in loss than/fi ye. minutes Dafne Dorothy ,app< ared adjusting her cap with both fjbands as though she bad token it off for night and then hastily rod on tied it ' summoned. ''Horn havjo you been during the last • ‘ - v and.' where is myudaughter at hatt-hour „ wow, Sir Harry, •Pve beeujin' gweotesb and she’s In bet’s, •„ .jjOM j, M boen , , ‘ rn Hr** (In** fw sweet sleep if you had been * her e© long ?* j wHs 'ao when I Jeft her, r could hear tier regular breathing as; ■ passed her door a minute ago/ , * She roust have been breathing precious hard then. But take mo to her immedi ately.’ ‘Certainly, Sir Harry. Will you re quire another candle, or will mine bo enough?* ' . ‘ Your’s will suffice. Load on at once.’ ‘They quitted the room together,crossed the vast and gloomy hall, and mounted the vide turnpike staircase side by side, the baronet, frequently gazing sternly and aeOrobingly at bis conductress, but saying nothing. . tn the centre of the encircling gallery she laid tier band on the handle of a door and turnodtt noiselessly. But the door refused to opeh, and Dame Dorothy seemed to be much concerned thereat, for she exclaimed in an agitated and nervous manner— ‘Tbepoor demented being has looked herself in. Oh, how could I have been so foolish as to have left the key on the inside of the door !• Hadn’t we" bettor break it open immediately, Sir Harry? * There is no k87 in the lock.’ Then she has taken If out. Oh, dearie me, what is to ba dons—what is to be done ? .The baronet- hold up his finger as though to impose silence, and them he seemed to listen intently for a minute. * a^80 can bear her breathing,’ he then aaid, with a puzzled look, ‘hut I shouldn’t have thought that your old ears would have caught the sound. I don’t believe that they did either. Hullo, what is this sprinkling of grew powder over the floor ! Dame, if you really have b en up to any tricks, you bad best beware.’ Oh, Sir Harry, what can you be j thinking of ! [ would not injure the poor afflicted darling for worlds. Hasn’t she been precious to me from her very birth, and haven't I been almost a foster mother to her ever since the death of her own ? If you believe that that grey,powder is the remains of some, poison, and Tve made away with her* break the, doof open and convince yourself to the contrary. It is not very strong. A good push will do it.’ -- 'You know that I believe no such a thing, dume, and it strikes me you are attempt;* log to tluow dust in my eyes by .pretend* ing to think me capable of such a belief. X ask you again j what is that powder? _ * Indeed, X haven’t the faintest notion, Sir Harry, I never observed it there until you pointed* it ,out to me, X might as well ask you what it, is for that matter. Bat what about breaking open the door diear master ?’ ‘ It might do more harm than good, and so let it be. Lucy seems to be asleep and to wake her suddenly, and by such a shook as the violent breaking open of a door, might cause her serious injury in her present unhappy condition Gobd* night, dame. I have nothing more to say to you. It would bo of no use,’ He jittered the last half- dozen words in a scornful and yet sorrowful tone, looking the while as though ho felt he was Dame Dorothy’s slave, instead of that she ■ was his servant. She certainly had some mysterious power over him, and. she must have been fully cognisant of it or she would not have given vent to that little sibilant chuckle as she bade him good night in turn, but with an excess of humility which alone proclaimed it to be mock, and then hobbled back to her own room, which sho had com© out of in her haste without her .crutch stick. As,for the Baronet, he returned to the room wherein ; he had leftjhis, young wife lying senseless on the carpet, muttering j to himself, ‘Thank heaven that she is fondly attached tp my poor girl. It would [ take a greatdeal to even shake my faith on that point, for she has given too many 1 proofs of it during a long course of years. Yet for all that I .would that she was dead. Aye, ,.1’d give a' thousand pounds could she only die speedily, painlessly and, naturally,’ He entered the supper room in time to discover Lady Howarth attempting to rise from the floor, and ho at once ran forward and lifted her up. ‘ Oh, wliat was that ? vyas her first question, uttetecT puzzled and be wildered tone father, than in a terrified one. * What, can you not guess.? responded the baronet, ‘ Why poor Lucy, of course,’ be quickly add' d. ‘ She found some of her mother’s things and pub them on, and then rubbed her f-tco and arms with grayish white powder <0 look as though —in order to frighten us in short. Don’t blame her, Rose, for folks of all ages take pleasure in the strangest things when their minds have lost their proper balance. Be content with the knowledge that 'twas no ghost that you saw, but only a poor,' harmless, half-witted girl.’ ‘ The object did not look the least like a girl, and it was you, not mo, who was first alarmed.’ ‘lam aware of it, ’twas the tout ensemble that filled mo with adeb horror. I recognised the entire dress at a glance , as a favorite one of ray poor wife’s and so took the—the rest for granted. That greyish white powder, too, made the flesh look very ghostly, it was laid ao thickly on, and* seemed to add a score of years to Liuoy’s age, and sho is very like her mother. Then the darkness which flanked and backed the figure combined with the artificial light of the candles that steamed upon its front, through the glass of a closed window too, assisted tho delusion to- a really wonderful degree. She has 1 looked herself in her room to avoid being questioned about it.’ * Don’t you think—don’t you fee! vinced— that the poor distracted child was pot up to play such a part by another— by Dime Dorothy in shirt and for some cruel and sinister purpose of her | own ? ‘Bab, it isn’t worth hazarding a guess about? The old woman is in her dotage. Oome, lot us to bed, and I’m sure you are loo sensible, my love, to let such trifles frighten you again.' CHAPTER XXXIII. Sir Harry 'had sometimes a way of i speaking that seemed to forbid an answer or eveo a comment, and in 'such a way ; did be utter the intended comforting speech with which wo concluded tho last! chapter | Lady Howarth, therefore, did not dare to reply, oven to the extent of reminding him that they had neither partaken of supper nor os much as tasted tho choice Hungarian wine which be had so specially ordered up to grace and honor the; occasion, Truth to toll she felt no desire either to eat or to drink, for she believed now that no wine was capable of raising her terribly, depressed spirits or of dispelling her suspicions and positive fears, She accompanied her husband upstairs, therefore, without a remonstrance, but later on insis'ed on having a light burning all night; in their room, notwithstanding bis declaration that bo was never able to sleep a wink except in absolute darkness, for she thought it a deal better that ho should lie than that she hersalf should Bo terrified perhaps into mady new, ffo, bpwoyer, after an hour or so of tossing and ’ tarping, did go to rc . • f i>jat it was far frpra a peaceful o'oej? . *v|gj) gibber, for hi 8 cheat heaved or ft trae jjjg Breathing wps harsh, hard, convulsively every npw ppd then he and irregular,, with the phantom .eemwl to be vm. ,» „ an , tUo nigUt . ot wmo h.doora v».. ', 0bmMU!0 to b light rovooled Ira to. • to bfl hoadfd working convulsively, and .^, eafc with great drops of agonized s, flr J T Presently ho jerked himself ,.^ 0r into a sitting posture, and began ,to mu. ’ and mumble disjointed sentences of which his listening wife could make little or nothing, sp interspersed- were they with signs <md. gasps and groans, and so in* artioulato were mapy of the utterances. Suddenly, however, ho slid out-of bed, and as he crossed the vast and gloomy apartment going evidently towards hia dressing-room, the rush light flickered on hia pallid face, and revealed the fact that, his eyes were wide open and filled with an expression of atony horror. He seemed also to movu forward n>* luctanty, and ns though impelled by some unseen yet occult force which ho was utterly powerless to resist; In this manner he entered his dressing room, and through the open door, which the rush-light also feebly penetrated, she beheld him open the secret drawer of an antique bureau or cabinet that stood there in, and take out of it what she immedi* ately recognised as the strangely shaped key that opened the door loading to the north wing. A deep groan esciped him as bis fingers closed tenaciously around it, and thb'next instant ho had lighted a candle, opened the outer door of the dresringaroom and passed • through into the corridor Then it was that Lady Howarth’a curiosity proved stronger than oven her terror, or else she felt that a full knowledge of even the worse \vould be leas terrible to bear than the vague yet hideous surmises which were at present torturing her almost beyond endurance. • So getting out of bed she hastily drew a dark colored robe de obambre over her dazzingly white and richly laced night dress, and silently commending herself to the protection of heaven she stole noiselessly and barefooted across the bod* room, pnd out through the dressing-room into the corridor, resolved to follow her husband whithersoever he went, while she felt all the more safety’in so doing owing to n conviction which suddenly possessed I her that he was fast asleep. She had both heard 'and read of som nambulists re enacting in their sleep the crimes they had perpetrated when awake, their staring eyes . discerning the ideal while blind to the real, and if it were so in the present case she might; oven confront her busbai d without bis seeing, far less recognising her. She would not, however, risk this if it could possibly be helped. As she was debouched into the corrider she saw him unclose the door at the other end, and pass through it, leaving it open behind him, into the balustraded gallery that surrounded three sides of the hall. The light of his oaodle guided her, and she was thus able to follow him without coming in contact with any obstacle, and so creating n noise that might possibly have alarmed and awakened him. The gallery reached, tlio vast ball seemed to yawn like some terrible and black|abyss on one aide of her, while on the other the faded tapestry (whereon the history of Rochdale was worked in groups of human forms as large as life from the Dane Slaughter under Castlo Hill, to the Earl of Tyrone hiding from his pursuers in his hill side cave above the Roach) waved and fluttered as though troops of ghosts or goblins were chasing each other up and down behind it. But Lady Howarth was now too excited to feel fe$r, for Sir Harry had by this time pushed the strange koy into the coal- black door that admitted to the north wing, and the next instant she beheld him push it slowly open with a harsh scrooping sound, revealing Within—darkness and nothing more. Then it seemed as though in the words of Poe’s Raven :—- Deep into that darkness peering, Long bo stood there; wondering^—fearing— Denoting— dreaming dream no mortal Rver dared to dream before. But *ho stillness was unbroken, And the darknest gavj no token, , And the only words there spoken Was the whispered word, “ Lonore.”- At length, however, with another deep groan, he proceeded on his way,. Ruth following him as before, and, her eagerness to learn the full secret of the north wing, even approaching him nearer. > i. She could see, as she en tered at the open door, that the walls were hung with riven tapestry, all honeycombed by moths, and festooned with webs of spiders. Foul creeping things writhed or wriggled upon the floor, and the sharp and black boad-liko eyes of mice and rats peered out at her through holes in the wainscoting as she passed along. Such loathsome objects would have compelled her to scream at any time, but to her own astonishment, she viewed them with complete indifference now. The light which the baronet carried presently revealed five closed doors, two j on either side of the corridor, and one at its termination, but it was opposite the second on the loft hand side tint ho came to a stop and turning a key tint was already in the look ho opened the door and entered thereat. His wife had now to press a hand against her heart to somewhat still its tumultuous throbbing, for she was afraid that he might even hear it, it beat so loud, or that she might drop down dead from -its sudden bursting, for her agitation had now reached its height, because she was about to enter the very room which contained the mystery of mysteries, and that while he—a murderer perhaps— actually tenanted it, obliged in heaven alone know what. She peered into its interior around the door, and observed that a huge four-post bedstead, with faded violet velvet hang ings, and with groat hearse-like sable plumes surmounting each of its corners, stood just within, and she perceived that a couple of steps would enable her to slip within the chamber and enshroud herself inside one of these curtains, for they were evidently of the most ample dimen sions. Ho sooner did she conceive the idea .than she put it in practice, and then peer ing timidly .from within the frowsy, dusty moth-corrupted bangings, she beheld her husband standing in his long white night shirt, and with a face, every, bit as color-- less, io front pf a great gothic bureau, and bookcase in one, which wasviorraed of black oik, and carved all over with dwarfs, satyrs, demons, toads and sets pents. His candlestick was deposited on one of (he ledges, and with a foul looking doth he was robbing away, his might at • one of ' the sharp projecting' angles of the indst weird apd uncanny looking piece of furniture, aye rubbing so energetically that great beads 1 of prospirattou streamed down his face the while. His eyes wore wide open, and gleaming like gloss in the candle light, and his writhing Ups seemed- to bo (muttering agonised appeals, as though' to some in* visible devil who was compelling him to perform the labor mudh ’ against Ijis will. , ’ ;' Wbileshe gazod attho horrible yet inex plicable sight wh|oh proved so entrancing that she copld take note of nothing else, p foot which was destined very shortly to 1 0u MI»e bor the greatest remorse opdjttpoaei ness oarno a sharp and sudden fcourid C«'or-tha snapping of a harp string in fV.Wty weather, and so wholly unexpected . was it that it compelled her to give utterance to just os sudden a cry. No- sooner it,escaped her than a panic seized upon her, caused by the fear that her discovery was now certain, and yielding thereto she rushed out of the room and back through the pitch' dark passage, never pausing until she reached the gallery, which was faintly illuminated .with a glowwqnn-like- radiance from the transparency of the Clegg assassin poni arding las two little nephews in the alcove in the hall below, though she hud-noticed no such light while fol lowing her husband towards the north wing. She did not stop to take notice of it now, and the time was post when suoh trivial things could alarm her, so she sped onwards to her own chamber, reaching which she tore off her robe deobambre, hung it up just as it had b°en before, and creeping into bed pretended to be sound aah-ep. Hardly had she composed herself into, at all events, a posture-of repose, when she heard her husband’s returning foot steps, and a minute later hq had re entered the dressingAroora, returned the key of the north wing- to the secret drawer of his bureau, closed it with a melalic snap like that of a pistol lock, come from thence into the bed room with his eyes still staringly wide open, but to bis wife’s intense relief vacant of all ex pression, placed the candlestick on the toilette 'table, blown out tho candle, and finally reentered the bed, where ho presently commenced to snore atentor ionsly, 'I am safe. . Hq suspects nothing!’ Lady Howarth now ventured to think to herself. * And< , for. . the rest,’ ran the current of her thoughts. 1 1 watched him so closely that I feel, sure I could open that secret drawer and possess myself of the key of the north wing ; and the - very first time that I have good reasons for supposing that be has left home for a few hours I will do so, and .solve the secret that it . at all hazards. I feel that I shall go mad if I do not find it out ; and if it proves to bo so very ter rible I can flee from him and from Clegg Hall at oueo, and neither he nor his vile old housekeeper will be able to compel me to oomo back again.’ CHAPTER XXXIV. The next morning Sir Harry looked pale and ill, and affected a cheerfulness which ho was evidently very far from feeling, but it was no part of Lady Howarth’s plan to givo him so much as the slightest clue as to what he bad done and she had seen during the night, for it might have served to put him on his guard, and suggested to him. a way of effectually defeating her curiosity iu the future. And might it not also, she thought, tempt him to take her life, through the fear that his own was already in her power ?’ She had heard, too, that boggarts were capable of instilling the evil of their nature into tho hearts and brains of the human beings under whose tree they resided, and the famous boggirtof Clegg Hall had for. hundreds of years been famed for the malevolence and maliciousness of his disposition. It had been mainly in order, to get rid of him that the old mansion had been pulled down, and tbe present one erected, a century and a quarter previously,’ but all to no avail, for tho boggart was as much at home in the nev house as in j the oltL. [ He had been the means of turning Sir' ; Harry’s hair white in a single night de glared.the many, and there were very few -w;ho disbelieved the tale; and Lady Howarth now put a different construction upoir it, namely, that tho whitening of her husband’s hair had been caused by re morse for the sin which the boggart had | compelled him to commit, and if suoh a thing bad happened once, what was to prevent it occurring again ? Then she wont on to wonder whether i». was tho boggart who had stolen away Lucy Howarth’s,reason and prompted her to the execution of the weird praclioaljokeof tho night before. Whether, too, it was the boggart who 1 compelled her husband to visit tho north wing in his sleep, and to work so hard at the polishing of tho antique bureau and bookcase, and finally, if Dame D >rotby was a'so possessed by tho boggart, and oven whether she wasn’t tho boggart incarnate, who had pci haps secretly slain and made way with iho original housekeeper, and thou assumed all her outer aspect and mein in Order that ho might do more evil than over to tbo hapless habitants of Clegg H ill. With those -thoughts running riot in her brain it is no wonder that Lidy Howarth was as depressed inspirits as her lord, and made, equally futile attempts to appear to the contrary. Breakfast was thus a kind of gamn of orossrpurposos, and both husband and wife seemed glad of tbo opportunity of separating directly it was over. Sir Harry wont straight to his daughter’s room, bub did not oak his wife to accompany him, and in about a quarter of an hour ho came down the wide stairs again, looking even more per plexed and distressed than ho bad done before, in which frame of mind he passed close by bis wife without ovoa seeing her, and she presently observed film leave the courtyard with his gun and dogs, doubt less iu pursuit: of distraction more than of gome. How glad .would abo have boon had some such source of relief been open to her, ' Failing such, and tho very atmosphere of that house of horror seeming to stiflo her, she.resolved to take a sharp turn to and fro in tho garden, for those wore days when a lady dare not walk in . the public roads, lanes, or fields, alone and unat tended without losing oaste. But whom gained, tho garden seemed as dismal os the mansion, for tho paths ; were all weed grown, the‘beds a wilder ness, tho shrubs unfcrimmed . and ragged, the leaden statues partly 'covered with moss,' and the once handsome atone fountain a wreck and ruin. • The air was pure and the sky bright, however, and if the garden flowers wore few and degenerated, the wild flowers wore raany r daffodils, blazing away like ’suns in groat irregular Plumps, with hero ohil there primroses, violets and butter cups *aud bluebells, nodding under 1 'tho, shelter ofthenewly budding brumbies. Ijduly Howarth walkod-up' and down, with -her itilhd soothed~by these beauties of nabdre, even white fall of deeper"and; graver matters, matters which caused her very’frequently to* raise her eyes to the; diift arid apparently tor years un cleaned upper windows 6f thS; north wing, ; Roraolnboring tile events of the night before’slio‘shuddered every time she did’ so. 1 > ’ Presently she observed that one of •bheso windows vt astfbfendcd by iron bars, placed Very < close together,, and that it wad open f to an Oxtjoht Of perhaps half a aozon inoheSj Ond while she gazed and wondered somewhat at both incidents her surprise was increased to astonishment by hearing the low vibrations of a harp, coming, as site felt convinced, from that very room, The strains were low, plaintive, and inexpressibly wild and weird in character. Not the slightest trace of tune was distinguishable, but it was as though someone, sunk in the lowest depths of melancholy and despair, were trying to communicate his or her very inmost feel ing to the quivering harpstrings, and doing so in as melodious numbers asthose breathed by the dying swan in singing its own requiem. - Lady Howarth was not long in coming to the conclusion that none but female fingers could sweep the strings with such sad gentleness, and then ■ it all at once struck her what could the wild and melan choly cadence portend, and whose was the despairing touch that awakened the weird melody 1 A thousand undefinablo apprehensions then rushed through the brain of the ex cited listener, thi moit prominent of whioh was that tho baronet’s first wife still lived, and was a helpless captive in those deserted and carefully secured apart ments, with old Dame Dorothy for her too willing gaoler. Had she not been jealous of this apparently prematurely aged hag in the days when the housekeeper was perhaps a comely and buxom middle- aged woman? She had had the baronet's own as surance to that effect, us well as that she had received her death hurt while steal*, ing down a steep back staircase in the dark in order to watch their movements and their doings. What if she had beheld what would bring disgrace and dishonor upon both, and to save his reputation the baronet hod buried her alive as it were in those ever since closely guarded chambers, while a mere dummy corpse had been laid within that white mausoleum under Owl Hill? For the rest, doctors could be bribed, and parsons deceived, and if these sus picions were correct ones the tragic tale would well account for Dame Dorothy’s evidently bitter malignity towards her self, for she would set a higher value on her master’s lost affection on account of the heavy sin she had incurred in order first to win and next to retain them. These wore horrible and appalling thoughts, bub they caused her to resolve more determinedly than ever that sho would somehow or other solve ‘ the mystery of the north wing, and if there was a hapless captive there that she would set her free, aye, at tho risk of her own position, and perhaps her life as well. Tho room from which the sounds came must be an opposite one she thought to that which she had followed her husband into the preceding night, but whichever of tho five it happened bo bo sho would penetrate to it, that she was determined, and she scouted all idea of fleeing from Olegg Hall until this solemn duty, as sho now esteemed it to be, was pors formed. So much indeed did it fill her mind that sho forgot nearly everything else, aye,.for the time oven the existence of Halcaraus Greenwood. Her mind was still bent on this all absorbing theme when Dime Dorothy suddenly came out of the house, and advanced along the garden, evidently to meet hor,andnosooner had sheeocountered her than she said in far more gracious tones than usual: * The paths are damp, and your shoes are thin, my lady, and the fires that burn within ’Olegg -Hall are warmer and cheerier than the April sun that shines outside its walls.’ ‘ What is that music, dame, and who is tho player?’ asks Lady Howorth in reply. ‘ It comes from within the house that is very evident.’ The old woman listened, caught tho sounds, and an uneasy expression seemed to come into her face, or ut all events her mistress thought so. A sly smile, however, almost im mediately usurped its place, and sho said in oily tones: ‘Oh, my lady, it’s just the boggart. He’s an unfriendly sort of body, and always was ; ho prefers the empty rooms to the peopled ones, which, to bo sure, is ao great loss, since most folk would doubtless prefer his room to his company. Not that he’s so fearsome n boggart to look at as tho Black dog of Preston, that has never a head to its body, and can swell itself out as big as a donkoy upon Decision, or as the Trash dog of Burnley either being of human form and face, and mostly given to ill wishing, and not so much to ill doing.' Lady Howiirth thought that tho old woman had only introduced tho boggartas a bugbear, in order to transfer her thoughts from the real to the ideal ; indeed, a half sneer tint p’ayrd about tho corners of tho housekeeper's mouth lenmed to betoken tint sho herself des pised the boggart and all his ways— perhaps because, in the language of the copyslips, too much familiarity had bred contempt. Ruth, however, who had nob the slightest desire to give the hag a clue to her secret thoughts and designs, listened with attention to all that she had to say, owned that very probably tho boggart, was the unseen musician, and then, sud denly changing tho subject, asked how Mias Lucy was. ‘ Bad enough, dear soul, through think ing that sho saw her poor mother’s spirit last night. It oamo in at her window, she said, clad in a flame coloured satin dross and bent over her bed saying, ‘ Grieve not for me, sweet child, for I shall not much longer bs alone in ray tomb. I shall soon have a companion there, and then* shall not fool the dreadful solitude as I do now.’ As the hag concluded she bent on her beautiful young mistress a keen and searching stare, but Ruth only thought, * Sho raeans that I shall join my hapless predecessor in the*tomb, and sho wants mo to think so too. Ah, I sec her design, she wishes to frighten me away from Olegg Hall, leaving her its undisputed and absolute mistress once more. But she shall not succeed,hfc all events until 1 have attained my object.’ Then, after a little further conversation, she allowed herself to be persuaded logo indoors, CHAPTER XXXV. But > though .Lady Howarth’s deter' mi nation was strong, sho could not make the opportunity which she so ardently de sired, and it was a long and weary time coming. , For her own safety’s sake, os she deemed it to bo, she conducted-herself as amiably and pleasantly towards t|m baronet as ft was possible to do, while entertaining suoh a dread and a suspicion of him as she did ; but as ho never walked or talked in his sleep, except when undtr tho influence of A strong prior excitement, which really seonifid to somewhat, effect his'reason, thiri defeated her hopos to a certain "degree; while whenever he 'was out’of the houBO, on hprsobaok, or with dogs and gun, she could move nowhere, so it seemed to her, without ens countering Dame Dorothy, accidentally ss the housekeeper evidently desired her to believe, but, as she herself felt assured, by design, and that she was to a certain extent a prisoner. Now, too, Sir Harry invariably locked both doors of his dressing-room whenever he went from home, for however short-a while or distance and carried tho keys with him, so that even to get at tho cabi net, whose secret drawer she fancied that she could open, was a matter of impossU bility, and as to extracting any clue that would help to unravel the great mysteries of the past from poor distract Lucy Howarth, she could never manage to be left alone with her for n single moment, for the girl would not suffer Dame Dorothy to quit her side when her stepmother was in the room. Lady Howarth felt sure that the old woman had educated her up to such con duct; more likely than not by telling her some, terrible and lying tales concerning her, for sometimes when in the course of a long interview she seemed to be gaining some influence over, and to be extracting some degree of liking from her, a cough or look from the Dame would cause Lacy to shrink back to her side, and oven to clutch hold of her skirt like a frightened child, and sometimes on the day following tho girl would refuse to so© her altogether. Lady Howarth took all this very much (o heart, for she had begun positively to pine for the society of a woman near her own age, and she felt that she could love her step-daughter dearly could she only awaken a similar feeling (no matter how faint and slight at first) in the girl’s breast. Poor young creature, her beauty and awful affliction were quite sufficient to compel affection, for, as regarded the former, she looked the very embodiment of Undine, with lithe, swaying, willowy form, her snow white and beautifully moulded arms, shoulders, and neck, her almost child face, with its great wonder ing blue eyes, petite yet exquisitely carved features, and tiny rosebud of a mouth, all draped or rather framed in a perfect cataract of the brightest golden hair, which was always unconfinod, and rippled down to far below her waist, because she complained that it made her head ache to have it dressed and bound up in any way. To win her affection, or even her liking was, however, impossible, with such a malevolent influence of Dame Dorothy’s always surrounding her, and when Lody Howarth ventured one day to remark to her husband that ‘ the morose and the aged were not the moat fitting companions for the young, more especially for such as were mentally afflicted, who she should think required as cheerful society as pos sible,’ ho snapped her up warmly with, { If you are referring to my daughter and Mrs Dorothy, they are so fondly attached to each other os a mother and child could possibly be, and never with my consent shall the closeness of their intercourse be lessened.’ After this the second wife could of course say no more, though it very natur ally entered her thoughts that Sir Harry did not desire,her own intercourse with Lucy to be increased, lost the girl’s confi dence should be won, and such a thing lead her up to letting out some of those awful truths the overhearing and the wit messing of which had in the first instance undermined her intellect. 1 Of course,’ she argued to herself, * when Sir Harry had married her his daughter wan sane, and had doubtless ap parently forgotten the past, so that he had anticipated no danger from their constant companionship and then she found her* self wondering, ‘Had Dime Dorothy during those few hours of her master’s absence to be married, upset the girl’s reason afresh by some horrid sight, or revelation, or perchance both, in thus to secure and perpetuate her own stay at Clegg Hall, as her custodian and nurse in one, believing that the baronet dared not depute such a task to anyone else ?’ She could not help thinking that this was very possible, old servants being sent about their business in order to make way for young wife?. whose rule they would else be able to rebel against or sullenly resent; and she would have felt all the more comfortable had she been less sus picious that Dame Dorothy would bo quite as willing to poison her, and in that , manner regain her lost sway, as merely to sulk and grumble at its loss. ‘ Oh ! what if tho day should overcome when my husband would not disepurago or oven regret my being thus made away with,* sho thought to heraolf, with an un controllable rush of tears. For tho present he was kind to her, most kind, yet always looking as though ho was hourly expecting that confession which sho had found herself powerless to make. As yet Mr Ridclifio was far too unwell to come over to keep his promise to the baronet of trying to ‘ persuade his daughter to have no secrets from him,’ for he had first had a slight attack of brain fever, resulting from tho excitement and the injuries of mischief night, and then erysipelas had followed in its train, and so ho was still unable to leave his bed, far less to ride to Clegg Hall, while as to writing on such a subject, Old John hated a pen and ink far too thoroughly to have recourse to them, oven had ho felt very much bettor in himself. Matters wore in this state, Lady Howarth frequently hearing tho melan choly harp strains when sho wandered in the garden, though at other times they wore silent, when one day, when the baronet was absent, Dame Dorothy brought her a letter on a silver salvor. No sooner had she taken it in her hand and glanced at the address, than she had tho greatest difficulty in concealing tho emotion—tho sickening and almost agonising emotion that it occasioned her, for she recognised it at a glance as that of Haloamus Greenwood. Sho flattered herself, however, that sho did conceal it, though sho would have been much loss assured of tho foot had sho only dared to look up into tho face of tho housekeeper, whoso keen, fqrrot-liko eyes wore studying her countenance tho while, ns though it had been a printed book. Aware that something of tho kind was going on sho thrust the letter into her pocket with a gentle 'thank you, Mistress Dorothy,’ and then wont on with tho dolioato bit of fancy work that she was engaged on at tho time, but scarcely had tho old woman quitted tho room, and closed the door behind hor than she drew tho letter .oat of her pocket again, broke tho red seal, and eagerly tore it open, anxious to know the worst at once, and wholly unconscious that Dame Dorothy was peering through the keyhole at hor, just as a few minutes previously she had peered into tho letter; and mastered n portion of its contents, an easy matter to do with most letters then, when they were merely folded and sealed, and envelopes as yet uninvontod. Happily, it was impossible to see all and happily also it was an enigmatical epistle except to tho unitiated. ‘ Dent Lady,’ it began; ‘ one who has been robbed of a thousand, his little all, by scoundrels, who furthermore, gave him a broken head by way of receipt, which Ins thrown him upon a bod of sickness, implores your ladyship for the sake of old times to lend him a sum of, say fifty pounds, to relieve his temporary neces sities. Were ho to apply to your father lie would without doubt place a much larger amount at his disposal, bub hd hears that the old gentleman is ill, and so shrinks from troubling, and perhaps injuriously exciting him, and your lady ship can (and doubtless will bo pleased to) save him from the otherwise necessity of stumping up, by obliging in his stead your obedient servant as long as possible, G. H, R. S.—Paper is safer than gold, and may be sent to old address in Manchester, which I hope to again occupy by end of present week.’ This was all, and the language was evidently made vague lest the letter should fall into the wrong hands, yet not bo vogue but that the p*rty for whom it was intended should understand every word of it and construe every sentence into a threat should sho fail to grant the petition therein mode. Had the writer been aware that Sir Harry Howarth knew so much as he did of the Radcliffe family, he would, without doubt, have worded his epistle more cautiously still, and have left out the initials of his name altogether, instead of transposing them, but that was just what JELalcamus Greenwood did not know, or suspect either, and so he sent off the letter from the Manchester Infirmary on the eve of being discharged therefrom as cured, under the impression that it was quite a masterpiece of ambiguous and impenetrable composition, except to the initiated. To Lady Howarth it possessed much more the nature of a live bombshell, for fully aware of the poverty in which sbe had left him—a poverty produced by his own profligate and vicious habits—she shrewdly suspected that the JSIOOO which he had been robbed of had been obtained from her father as hush money, and that his only motive for not resorting to him for more was the conviction that he had left him nothing more to give; while she also felt assured that if she did not at once comply with his demands he would next attempt to extort money from Sir Harry, with whAt result she dared not even reflect on, for it seemed to her that so far as she was personally concerned a full exposure and the most certain disgrace could alone result from such a course. ‘Oh what a tangled web we weave, when onco we practice to deceive,’ she thought as she reluctantly made up her mind to obtain tbe sum demanded from the baronet, and surreptitiously forward it to the man whom she had believed to be dead when she married Sir Harry, and whom she could not now help wishing dead. (to be continued) 