TO FULFIL YOUB MINISTBY YOU MUST MAINTAIN A BIGHT CONDITION OF HEAKT AND LIFE. You have to-night testified to the love of God in your hearts, and your very reception by this Conference is a testimony to the correctness of your de portment. See that both these are maintained, for I need not tell you that on their right maintenance will depend the effectiveness or your ministry. The world wants reality, and there is nothing so real in a minister as love to Christ and a pure and blameless life. It is not, however, so easy as some people think for men in your position to preserve these conditions. Your very familiarity with Divine things — your very acquaintance with the deep things of God will sometimes have a deaden ing and hardening effect. Your very interest in your people's welfare — the crowding cares of an extensive charge may lead you to neglect your own vine yard, while you are cultivating the vine yards of others. There is a possibility of. you becoming perfunctory, official, and heartless ; of your studying with out earnestness, preaching without feeling, and praying without power. There is a danger, too, amid the vary ing conditions of your social inter course, and the trials and provocations of a life peculiarly exposed to nervous strain that you should forget that, gravity and propriety which are the peculiar brands of your office. For never did the world look more for courage in the soldier and impartiality in the judge than they will look for a worthy spirit and conduct in you. Any departure from these, brethren, will weaken your influence and render it ? impossible for you in the highest sense to fulfil your ministry. Both your personal safety and ministerial power are involved in your dwelling beneath the throne. However pressing may be the duties of the pulpit or the pastorate never forget your own communion with G-od, for here and here only ia the presage or promise of a ministry ' worthily fulfilled. TO FULFIL YOUR MINISTRY YOU MUST HAVE CONSTANT MENTAL EQUIPMENT. Your examinations have certified to . an amount of knowledge fitting you ,for an entrance into this work, but you are far too wise I am sure to think that you have sufficient to carry you through This is an age of learning and scientific* enquiry, and it ought to be the am bition of the minister .to stand abreast of the knowledge of the age. In no 'other way can he take his legitimate 'place in society. As leaders of men you want to stand beside other leaders, and not suffer by the comparison. The honour of the cause demands this, as well as your increased influence for good, for when men find that you can approach them on equal terms of know ledge, they will more readily listen to the message of the cross. Besides, such iB the multifarious character of the population scattered throughout these colonies that you will find some times in the smallest congregation men of learning and culture whose hearts will more readily open when they find that your mental equipment is worthy ot their admiration. Moreover, the enemies of the Cross of Christ are still around us. Their modes of attack are still varied and changing, and we must be prepared to meet them on their own chosen ground, and with a knowledge equal to their own. Even the proper elucidation of the word of God involves ' such a knowledge of language, history, law, cuBtom, and the varied races of mankind, together with almost every other branch of learning, that there is really quite a liberal education within the folds of this sacred book. The difficulty, of course, in a ministry like ours is to find all the time that we desire. With so many pressing duties and en gagements — many of them ii; is true belonging to others, yet if they are per ' formed at all, we must perform them — I say with all these it is difficult to find the time that is ?necessary. But time must be found if you ma to be true to J your vocation.' If you obey the Apos tolical injunction you will- give your selves ti- reading. You will study to show yourselves approved. You will bring out of your treasury things new and old, and if you do that, you will often have to replenish the treasury beforehand. And it is astonishing what can be done in the small portions of time available, if you have only in dustry, application, the right kind of books, and above all an imperial will. TO FULFIL YOUR MINISTRY YOU MUST SECURE A CAREFUL PREPARATION FOB YOUR PUBLIC APPEARANCES. Effective discourse in these days does not mean opening your mouth and speaking as follows. The days of miracles in that respect are past and gone. You might indeed have the knowledge of an Admiral Crichton, and yet you would have to arrange, concentrate, illustrate and throw some degree of logic and point into your de liverance, if your audiences are to be impressed.. And for all this time and care are necessary. It is given to very few like the late Charles Spurgeon and Henry Ward Beecher to go into their studies on Saturday evening and pro duce discourses that enchained the at tention of listening thousands. Though it is just possible that a little more time would have been valuable to both of them. I have heard Mr. Spurgeon fre quently, and in my opinion he was never once equal to his reputation. And I have a shrewd suspicion that we are not a little indebted to his after and careful revision of the reporter's notes for those well ordered discourses which appear in the printed volumes. For ordinary mortals, however, like you and me, time and care are required to make our thoughts clear and effective over the minds of our hearers. And withthe many competitors in the fields of instruction, clearness and ability on our part are essentially necessary. With the well-written articles which appear in the daily press, and with the varied and effective utterances which come from secular platforms, we cannot afford to be indifferent either to matter or form. If we do we shall most cer tainly fail. If we leave to others, the clear and careful statement of fact and truth, the logical distribution, the ap propriate illustration, the apt quotation and the powerful appeal, and take refuge in crude and ill-digested utter ances or a clumsy stringing together ot texts and Scripture, we need not won der if our ministry is one of weakness and failure. No, brethren ! God de mands the very best of our powers j His work requires diligence, industry, and unwearied care. There is room in it for the nobleat thought, the keenest logic, the loftiest imagination, the widest range of knowledge, and the mightiest and most persuasive appeals that have ever pasBed from the lips of man. TO FULFIL YOUR MINISTRY YOU MUST BE FEARLESS IN YOUR UTTERANCE OF TRUTH. You will find plenty of people during the course of your ministry who will not care to hear the truth. They prefer their prejudices, their peculiarities, their follies and their sins, and once you come into collision with these, they will regard you as an enemy, because you tell them the truth. And in voluntary societies like ours it requires not a little courage and faith sometimes for men to maintain their fidelity, for there are some people mean enough and un worthy enough to try to starve you because you will nofc bring down the standard. In the interests of individual fidelity, the Itinerancy ia a grand pos session, and one that you should not willingly or thoughtlessly let go. But, brethren, whether men will hear, or whether they will forbear, your duty is paramount. You are in the position where conscience, honour and truth demand a faithful utterance, and it is at your peril if you conceal, distort, or suppress any part of it for any un worthy motive. Fear no man, high or low, rich or poor, taught or untaught. You have a right, of course, to honour all men, to love all men, but to fear none. You have reason to believe that God will take care of you even for this world if you honour -His truth and do His will. Be bold then and fear not to attack impurity and wrong, however much they may be sanctioned by custom or supported by great names. At the same time, aa men of sense you will feel that it is no part of your ^business to make needless enemies. There is a vast difference between truth that is essential and that which is acci dental and unimportant, or that which simply springs out of your own peculiar notions, and which you may dignify by the name of truth. The apostle could be as bold as a lion even in the presence of death itself, when God's honour had to be vindicated, but when there was no great principle involved he could conciliate, and woo that he might win. He knew the things that were lawful and the things that were expedient, and he could become all things to all men that he might save some. To strike at people's innocent prejudices and pecu liarities, or to irritate their feelings for that which is not essential or important is as foolish as it ia suicidal. It' there is one place more than another where common sense — the ability to grasp the situation — is needed, it is in the work in which you are engaged, for without it no man can wisely shape his teaching or deal with men. He will say, pernaps, the right thing at the wrong time, meddle in the things that he ought not to touch, remain silent when he ought to 8 peak, begin things in the wrong way, court failure by his want of tact, and in numberless ways give the im pression that he is void of judgment. Such a man may have any amount of learning or any power to talk, but in a complex system like ours, where he oas to enter into other men's labours, he will be a constant infliction. And it would be a mercy if such an individual would retire into some sphere where his power to do mischief would be more limited. For in the work of the minis try the very boldness and honesty that truth requires of him will prove to be stumbling blocks. He will be bold in tLe wrong place, and denounce when he ought to concilliate, TO FULFIL YOUR MINISTRY YOU BEQUIRF. TO MAINTAIN A KINDLY AND SYMPA THETIC RELATION WITH YOUB PEOPLE. That you will perform the work of pas tors goes without saying. It is your duty to visit in the homes of your people and I have no doubt it will be both your pleasure and your profit to do so. I have never yet, however, known a minister who was able to fulfil his own ideal in this respect much less the ideals of his people. Of course it is j ust possible that their idealB may be wrongly formed. That they may expect him with unreasonable frequency, and if sickness enters the home they ruay expect him to know by a kind of inspiration. They will send for the doctor, they will send for the nurse, they will send for their friends, they will send for everybody, but the minis ter is frequently supposed to be above the ordinary channels of communication. At any rate they do not always use them, and are quite hurt if he does not know intuitively all about their trouble. In spite, however, of all un reasonableness you will fe*l that it is both your duty and pleasure to visit your people with system and regu larity. But all this may be done in. a perfunctory and formal manner, without heart and without sympathy. I mean more than all this when I speak of a kindly and sympathetic relation. You need to be the friends of your people — to be interested in their joys, their aorrows, their cares, their families, their activities, and not be slow to show your concern. Next to the love of God, you want to cultivate the love of your people. When it is formed aud grows and becomes a bond of union, it will be a blessing to yourselves and a power to your ministry. It will give unction to your prayers, power to your preaching, and success to your labours. It will cover, your weaknesses, shield you from ridiculp, modify harsh judgments, and prove a wall of adamant around you from the attacks of your foes. A loving people are a people easily saved and blessed. TO FULFIL YOUR MINISTRY YOU MUST . ABOVE ALL THINGS MAINTAIN A CON STANT DEPENDENCE ON GOD. He who has called you to this ministry has given you the assurance nowhere that you can succeed without the imme diate and direct agency of His own Spirit. No intellect however great, no knowledge however vast, no preparation or argument, however direct and force ful, can ever accomplish the object you have in view without the power from on. High. Even the intellectual subtlety oi a Butler, the eloquence of a Chalmers and the zeal and labours of a Wesley wculd be all in vain without this vital force from heaven. ' Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit,, saith the Lord of Hosts,' is the testi mony of His own Word. But we all know that this Spirit is made over to us in a prayerful dependence on God. The old Puritans are reported to have held that a minister ought to prepare with as much care as if his own right arm were to obtain the victory — that he should so marshall his facts — so arrange his arguments and lay out his discourse as if he were entirely dependent on his own efforts for success ; and then that he should go into the pulpit as though he had made no preparation whatever — as though he were entirely dependent on the Holy Ghost. Now, I think that the view thus expressed represents the case thoro ughly . T here must be the union of the human and the Divine in a suc cessful ministry. It is only when you have done your duty that you have any right to ask the Divine blessing, and it is only His blessing which can make your best efforts successful. There are other matters to which I might refer, but there is no time. In Conclusion, let me remind you once again of the importance of your posi tion and the solemnity ol the vows you have taken upon you to-day. You have been invested with an office the noblest that men can hold on earth, even that of ambassadors of the Lord most High. Your work has to do not so much with earth aa with heaven. You have to mould the life for God and train the aoul for immortality and eternal blessedness. You have become the immediate asso ciates of the elect of all ages — even with the Apostles, the prophets, the martyrs, the reformers, and all that brave nobility of God who have toiled and suffered to raise men to knowledge,, purity, and eternal happiness. Sea that you imbibe their spirit and imitate their example. You have also become the ministers of a Church possessing one of the most honoured records of modern times. In the century and a-half of its existence it has together with its offshoots and branches, become the largest Protestant denomination upon the face of the earth. Now, this position has not been gained, and these successes secured without self- denying labours and heroic devotion. The men who have planted the Church which now shields and honours you have left you an example which you may worthily follow. Con sider, then, the ministry which you have received, and never shame your fathers nor dishonour the name you bear. But with all the powers of mind and body which you possess try and fulfil it Fulfil it by securing the best qualifica tions within your reach. By study, by investigation, by thought: by con scientious labour and impassioned utterance ; bv a ceaseless care for the flock over which the Holy Ghost has made you overseers ; by devotion to the young as well aa to the old ; by a manifestation of the truth commending yourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God : by sympathy with the poor and faithfulness with the rich ; by a bold denunciation of wrong, impurity,, and sin ; by heroic efforts to unmask the hypocrite and strike the infidel ; by a wise supervision of every interest, and a constant appeal to God for help and blessing, be it yours to fulfil the minis try which you have received to-day, lie member that you have but a short time to fulfil it in. The sands of life's shaken, glass are disappearing. Your oppor tunities are vanishing, the people to whom you minister are fast passing: away, and you yourselves will have soon to cross the Jordan. The awards of ?eternity are not far off. Sooner than you think you may have to stand at that tribunal where every motive will be scrutinized by the eye of omniscience, .and every action weighed in the balances ?of eternal justice. Brethren, you need to be up and doing, ani by all the ?solemn considerations which these things involve I charge you to be faithful. Be faithful to the vows you have taken to-day — faithful to the vocation ?on which you have entered — faithful to '?/he Church which has com mitted its interests and honours to your care — faithful to the souls for which you must one day give an account. And now in the presence of that God from whom you have received your com mission, in the presence of this congre gation who have heard your vows, and in the anticipations of that judgment before which you will have to stand, I ' charge you to go forth with renewed zeal and devotion to finish your course with joy and the ministry you have received of the Lord Jesus. The last verse of the hymn No. 440 was then sung, and the President pro nounced the Benediction. 