"Whosoever Will!" ,' A sermon by the Rev. John M'Nelll. "The Spirit and the bride say: Come . And let" him that is athirst come. And 'who soever will, let him take the water of life freely."-Rev. xxil. 17. . In this clearest, sweetest Gospel message notice first of all in whose' name it is issued. '. Whèn you get a card of invita tion to any great gathering you-look to the end to see who invites you, and the name at the end often settles the question Whether you are going or not. This Gos pel comes with a splendid name at the close of it; it is the Spirit of God who now and always'asks you to' come to Christ. Trifle with me as you like, trifle with the written book as you like, but see to it that ye refuse not that person, the third person of the glorious Trinity. Without him the father's love would be in vain; without him Christ's death on the cross and ascension into glory would not tell. It is the Holy Ghost who brings it all to my door. The Spirit of God, says, "Come." IT IS NO SHAM INVITATION; it is the word of him who cannot lie. In this last urgent message God, as it were, does his utmost to show his bona fides in this matter, and therefore to doubt it, to set it on one side and say, "I'll see how I can work it in with all my other engage ments," is to resist the Holy Ghost, to begin the sin which, persevered in, must land the man in eternal perdition. There is one notable thing about this blessed person, the Holy Ghost, and that is his patience. God grant that the thought of this may break the hearts of some of us. Just to think how we have grieved him, how we have trampled his conde scension under our feet! Stop it, my brother! Stop it, my sister! Again you, are invited to taite your place at the Gospel banquet. Act upon the invitation. It is sent to you by the patient, pleading Spirit of God. O sinner! there is just one thing between you and hell. And what is it? It is the long, strong, patient 'arm of the .Holy Spirit, drawn like a barri cade between you and destruction. If that arm goes down you go down "beyond remeid," and therefore I urge you, I press'upon you, THE HOLY SPIRIT PLEADS WITH YOU, to come to Jesus. But the verse goes on, "The ? Spirit and the bride say, come." . What does that mean? Well, you know that "the bride" is used specially in the New Testament to describe the whole com pany of God's people; and you see the hold this text gets upon us. It is'sent by the. Holy Spirit. Ah, but he is invisible, and he works in secret upon the heart and mind, and one might say, "There's a want of reality in it." But ? in this invitation the Spirit makes himself visible. He re alises himself. He, so to speak, takes .. hands, and feet, and a tongue. You are invited through the true church of the living God upon earth. I am here to in vite you to Christ not only in my own name, but in the name of the company .of all those who" believe in him. I am here in your father's name; I am here in your dead mother's name, who died with a prayer upon her lips that you might come to the ? reality of faith in Christ Jesus; I am here in their name to say, "Wha¿, not saved yet! The child of so many hopes, the child of so many prayers, lying back in the embraces of the world yet! Come, come now!" Oh, if I could bring into one place . ALL THE REDEEMED who have already gone to glory, and all the redeemed who still walk this earth; if I could set them before you whom I address and say to the spirits of just men made perfect, '. "There is a company of perishing people; what have you to say to them?" I can fancy every one of them turning to the last chapter of Revelation, "The Spirit and the bride say, Come." Yes; and if I could bring the lost from the pit, the companion who sat beside you, with whom you drank, and'gambled, and betted, to whom you 'told your filthiest' jests, and from whom you received the blasphemous exchange-if I could bring back the lost and/plant them in front of you, sure am I that every voice would ring' out, not the blessed-'word "Come!" but the word "Go;" "Ply, fly. to Jesus as we never did!" "The Spirit and the bride say, Come." What a short, what a simple, but what a powerful sermon! It sums up all our, arguments, all we have to say. Come to Jesus. You are walking along a road on a hot summer day, weary ' and thirsty, but as you come to a bend in the way suddenly your eye sparkles,.your limbs feel stronger and more elastic, for yonder Ia THE SHEEN OP RUNNING WATER. How you "urge yourself forward and gefi up to the bubbling fountain! And youl don't look round for somebody to invita you. You are invited; here is the invita tion-Your thirstiness. So it is with,1 salvation. "Let him that is athirst come." If you want to believe on Jesus Christ',; believe on Him; who is keeping you back?i You that are; anxious are included in thia class. "Oh," you say, "I am anxious."' Well, bring your anxiety to au end byj trusting Christ. "Oh, I wish I could!"' There is nothing hindering you. Put down) your foot and trust Jesus Christ. Youl say, "It is not so easy as that." Let him/ ; that ls anxious to be saved be saved; buti you go back and back, while Christ says,-, to the anxious,. "Let him that is athirst come." There is a hymn that seems ta me rather to encourage that vacillation; > I know, Ï am weak and sinful, .. -It comes to me more and more; .} And I scarce can seè for weeping, But I'll knock at the open door. Indeed! You'll knock at an open door! Doq't you think that is excessive polite ness, under the circumstances ? Don't youl think that the door was left open to save your knocking? Man, go right in! STOP DOUBTING. AND TRY BELIEVING'. After inviting tho thirsty, the offer ig made narrower and deeper, "Whosoever, will." For there are men and women who aro saying, "Do you know this, sir ?i ' You may speak about the glories of heaven! or the terrors of perdition as long as you1 like, but you won't move me." Well, yow are just an ordinary kind of mortal. Don't get proud, please, about the fact that youl can be so cool and brazen-faced under the power of Gospel appeals. God help you! You are a common kind of a creature, au! ordinary kind of sinner. There is nothing! fine about you. The: devir himself believes and trembles. You don't deny anything. You just, for your part, pass it over. W'ill, the message is, "In cool, calm! blood, .are you willing?" I bring it all to a point. Are you willing? If you arei .TAKE CHRIST AT HIS WORD. It is just« like the marriage ceremony.. Here stands' the man, there stands the woman. I don't ask them to. ma$e anyj professions of glowing" love before I marryi them; I just ask them, "Are you willing?"' I ask the man, "Do you take this woman?" and I ask her, "Do you take ?this man?" And I never yet met a bride who looked! up in my face and said, "Well, I-I hope I do; I wish I could." What did she come there for? To stultify herself and 'her bridegroom and me? No-to say "Yes?'' And the transaction ls done; they arel united before God and man. I turn to; the bridegroom in this case-he is the Lord! Jesus Christ-and I say, "Lord Jesus Christy art thou willing to take this soul into eter nal union with thyself?" And the answer, comes from the throne, from the cross,, from the blessed book, "Willing! willing!' Let the agony, the pain, the death of the" cross, let a thousand imitations testify, I am willing." And I turn to you. OH, IT IS STOOPING LOW! You come to me and tell me wonderful' tales about princes cooning-down and lov ing a maiden of low estate and raising her up to be a princess. Maybe the prince got the best of the bargain. But I turn) to you and I ask you now in the face ofi Jesus Christ, "Are you willing?" Now,: , now, in this critical hour, in this crisis when eternity hangs In the balance, arel you willing? Let your heart say, "Yes,"' and the Son of God on the throne hears it,, and there is joy in the presence, of thef angels of God; there is à marriage bell ringing, for a soul down here on earth has said "Yes" to Jesus Christ. You are his. He won't let you go. . You are married toi him, joined to him, heart to heart. I came tc 'Jesus as I- was, Weary and worn and sad; .;. I found in him a resting-place, And he has made me glad. \- Dr. Percival, the new Bishop of the Seef of Hereford, is to be consecrated in West minster. Abbey on St. Mark's Day, April 25, by the Primate, the Bishops of London', Gloucester and Bristol, Oxford, and Wor cester taking part In the services. Dr.. Percival was to do homage for the See of Hereford at Windsor Castle shortly after, the Queen's return from the continent. The bill for the disestablishment of the; Welsh Church now before the English,' Parliament "provides that the cathedrals be treated as national property, every in cumbent will possess a life interest in his office', parsonage and glebe, lands. The nefd proceeds of the tithes will be paid him1 and the funds of the church, vested iffi commissioners, will be applied to parish, and county councils, hospitals, , technical' and higher education." The question of "leakage" with regaïCâ to church membership has. of late been! the subject of much anxious debate in most of "the English Presbyteries. The figures given in the Blue Book of 1894 put the question in a grave light. The num ber of communicants received by certi ficates of 1893 was 1136 more than the num ber removed by certificate; but beyond! these removals there were 3355 lapsed) cases reported in which no certificate was issued. The pastoral letter on "Sacerdotalism,"1 prepared by authority of the synod, arid!' signed by the Rev. Dr. Thoburn M'Gaw,: i as convenor of the synod's special com-' mlttee, was read from many of the pul pits bf the English Presbyterian Church om February 24. It is an able document, andi has an unmistakable ring, of conviction about it. 'It does not hesitate to declare that the.'.distinctive''tenets of .the "Anglo Catholic" party in -the State Church "arel .'¿ot only,-:- uhscriptural and, uri- Protestant,. but also'most perilous' to the souls of "men* by drawing-them aside from the simpli city of the gospel of Christ." The. docu ment re-afilrms . the great distinctive; truths of the Evangelical faith; and, de clares that ''no' church possesses any right' to introduce rites and ceremonies not au thorised by Holy Scripture, . such as the confessional, priestly absolution, andi prayers for the dead." 