THE TJBAGEDY OF CATHERON ROYALS. [Br tiie Author of 'Paulina Lislb,' 'Katherine's Vengeance,' &c.;] \- PART II. CHAPTER. III. — (Continued.) ? To-morrow comes. It is Miss Beatrix Stuart's birthday. The great party is to be to-night. They shake hands and part with Mrs. Rogers on the pier. Charley hails a Lack and assists his cousin in, and they are ?whirled off to the palatial avenue up town. i,nr.c» !i a+nfolv brown-stone front, of course, on a sunny corner. Edith leans back qnite silent, her heart beating as she looks. The whirl, the crash, the rush of New York streets stun her, the stateliness of the Stuart mansion owes her. She is very pale, her lips are set together. She turns to Charley auddenlv and holds out her hands to him as a helpless' child might. 'I feel. lost already, and— and ever so little afraid. How big and grand it looks! Don't desert me, Charley. I feel as though I were astray in a strange land.' He squeezes the little hand, he whispers something reassuring, and life and colour come back to her face. ' Make your mind easy, Dithy,' is what he says. ' Like Mrs. Micawber, ' I'll never de sert, you.' ' He rings the door bell sharply, a smart looking young woman admits them, and Edith goes with him into a splendid and spacious apartment, where three people sit at breakfast. PerhapB it is the garish sunshine sparkling on so much cut glass and silver, and dazzles Edith's eyes, but for a minute she can see nothing. Then tbe mist clears away, the trio have risen — a pompous-looking old gentleman in a shining bald head and ex pansive white vest, a pallid, feeble-looking elderly lady in a lace cap, and a tall stylish girl, with Charley's eyes and hair, in violet ribbons and white cashmere. The bald ?gen- tleman shakes hands with her, and welcomes her in a husky baritone ; the faded, elderly lady and stylish young lady kiss her, and say some very pleasant and gracious words. As in a dream Edith sees and hears all — as in a dream she is led off by Beatrix. ' I shall take you to your room myself. I only hope you may like it. The furniture and arrangements are my taste, every bit. Oh, you dear darling !' cried Miss Stuart, stopping in the passage to give Edith a hug. ' You don't know how frightened I've been that you wouldn't come. Fm in love with you already ! And what a heroine you are — a real Grace — what's her name — saving Charley's life and all that. And, best of all, you're in time for the ball — which is a ryhme, though I didn't mean it.' She laughs and suddenly gives Edith another hug. 'You pretty creature !' she says ; ' I'd no idea you were half so good looking. I asked Charley, but you might as well ask a lamp-post as Charley. Here is your 7'nnm — linw do von likft it?' She would have been difficult to please, in deed, if she had not liked it. To Edith's in experienced eyeB it is a glowing nest of amber .silk curtains, yellowish Brussels carpet, tin ted walls pretty pictures, gilt frames, mirrors, ornaments, and dainty French bed. ' Do you like it ? But I see by your face you do. I'm so glad. This is my room ad joining, and here's your bath. Now lay off your things and come down to breakfast.' Still in a dream, Edith obeys. She descends to breakfast in her grey travelling suit, look ing pale, and not at all brilliant.. Miss Stuart, who had her doubts that this country cousin may prove a rival, is reassured. She takes her. breakfast, and then Beatrix conducts her over the house — a wonder of splendour, of velvet carpets, magnificent upholstering, lace drapings, gildings, and ormolu. But her face keeps its pale, grave look. Trixy wonders if she is not a stupid little body after all. Last of all, they reach the sacred privacy of Trixy's own room, and there she displays her ball dress. She expatiates on its make and its merits, in professional language, and with a volubility that makes Edith's head swim. 'It is made with a court train, trimmed with a deep flounce, waved in the lower edge, *nrl fill' a flnnnnr. t ? ? ..... is uuiuujcu mini luui1 narrow 'flounces, edged with narrow point lace. The sides are en r overs, with sashes tied in butterfly bow in the centre of the back, below the puffing of the skirt near tho waist. The front of the skirt is trimmed to correspond with the train, the short apron, flounced and trimmed with point lace, gathered up at the sides, under tho ?tenors on tho train. The waist is high in tho shoulders, V-shaped in front and back, with small flowing sleeves, finished with plaitings of white silk tulle. And now,' erics Trixy, breathless and triumphant, 'if that doesn't fetch the baronet, you may tell mo what will ! Tho pearls are superb — here they are. Pearls aro en regie for weddings only, but how was poor pa to know that ? Aren't they lovely ?' They lie in their cloudy lustre, necklet, ear rings, bracelet. ' Lovely !' Edith repeats ; 'lovoly indeed. Beatrix, what a fortunate girl you are.' There is a touch of envy in her tono. Beatrix laughs, and gives her a third hug. ' Why ? Because I havo pearls ? Bless you ! they're nothing. You'll have diamonds beyond counting yourself one of these davs. You 11 marry rich, of course — brunettes aro all the style now, and you're sure to look lovely by, ga's-light, What are you coin* to wear to-night?' ° ' I'm like Flora McFlimsey,' Editli laughs. 'I have nothing to wear. There is a white fcwiss muslin in my trunk, but it will look woefully rustio and dowdy, I'mjafraid, in your gorgeous drawing-rooms.' . . 'Nonsense! _ Plain Swiss is always m taste for girls of eighteen. I wore it greatly my first soason. Do you know I feel awfully old, Edith- — twenty-ore to-niglit ! I must do something toward settling beforo tho year ends. Let us see the white Swiss. Now, there is a lovoly amber tissue I have — it isn't my colour. I never wore it but once, it would suit you exactly. Limy, my maid, is a perfect dressmaker, and could alter it to fit you easily before ? Now, Edith, you re not angry?' For the colour had risen suddenly all over Edith's proud, pale face. 'You have made a mistake, Miss Stuart, that is all — meant kindly, I,m sure. If my ___1 'J. ? nJmi'aQ;Ma T -.trill wnor if; if WlilLW AiiuaiiXL io ' - — not, I can keep to my room. But neither now, nor at any future time, can I accept — charity.' Trixy gives a little shriek at the word, and inflicts a fourth hug on Edith. She is the soul of easy good-nature herself, and ready to take anything and everything that is offered her, from a husband to a bouquet. ' Bless the child !' she exclaims. ' Charity ! , As if any one ever thought of such a thing. It's just like me, however, to make a mess of it. I mean well, but somehow I always do make a mess of it. And my prophetic soul tells mo, the case of Sir 'Victor Catheron will be no exception to the rest.' The day wears on. Edith drives down town, shopping with Madame and Mademoi selle Stuart She returns, and dines in state with the family. The big brown house is lit up from basement to attic, and presently they a!l adjourn to their rooms to dress. ' Don't ask me to appear while you are re coivintr vour £?uests,' Edith savs. ' I'll step | in unobserved when everybody has come.' She declines all offers of assistance, and dresses herself. It is a simple toilet, surely — the crisp white muslin, out of which the polished shoulders rise ; a little gold chain and cross, once her mother's ; ear-rings and ; bracelet of gold and coral, also once her mother's ; and her rich, abundant blackish brown hair, gathered back in a graceful way peculiar to herself. She looks very pretty, and she knows it. Presently sails in Miss Stuart, resplendent in the pink silk and pearls, the ' court train' trailing two or three yards behind her, her light hair ' done up' in a pyramid wonderful to behold, and loaded camellias. ' How do I look, Dithy ? This strawberry ice pink is awfully becoming to me, isn't it ? And you — why you look lovely — lovely ! I'd no idea you made up so handsome. All, we blondes have no chance by gas-light against you brunettes.' She sweeps down stairs in her rose coloured splendour, and Edjth is alone. She sits by the open window, and looks out at the night life of the great city. Carriage after carriage rolls up to the door, and somehow, in the midst of all this life and brightness and bustle, a strange feeling of loneliness and iso lation comes over her. Is it the old chronic discontent cropping up again? If it were only not improper for Charley to come up here and sit beside her, and smoke, in the sweet spring dusk, and be sarcastic, as usual, what a comfort it would be just now ? Some how — ' how it comes let doctors tell' — that restless feeling of hers is lost when he is by her side — never lonely, never discontented then. As she thinks this, innocently enough despite all her worldly wisdom, there is a tap at the door, and Lucy, the maid, comes smi lingly in, holding an exquisite bouquet, all pink and white roses, in her hand. 'Mr. Charles' compliments, please, miss, and he's waiting for you at the foot of the stairs when you're ready, miss, for the ball room,' She starts and colours with pleasure, xuuiih. you, xjuuj' sue says, laKing xne OOU- | quet. ' Tell Mr. Stuart I will be down in a moment.' The girl leaves the room. With a smile on her face it is just as well ' Mr. Charles' does not see, she stands looking at her roses ; then she buries her face, almost as bright, in their dewy sweetness. 'Dear, thoughtful Charley!' she whispers, gratefully. 'What would ever have become of me but for him ?' She selects one or two bits of scarlet blos soms and green spray, and artistically twists them in the rich waves of her hair. She takes one last glance at her own pretty image in the mirror, sees that fan, lace- handkerchief, and adornment generally, are in their places, and then trins awav and coes down. In elegant evening costume, looking un utterably handsome and well-dressed, Mr. Charles Stuart stands at the foot of the grand stair- way, waiting. He looks at her as she stands in the full glare of the gasaliers. ' White muslin, gold and coral, with pink roses, and no chignon. My dear Miss Darrell, taking you as a whole, I think I have seen worse-looking young women in my life.' He draws her hand through his arm, with this enthusiastic remark, and Edith finds her self in a blaze of light and a crowd of briliantly dressed people. Three long drawing-rooms are thrown open, en suite ; beyond is the ball room, with its waxed floors and invincible musicians. Flowers, gaslight, jewels, hand some women and gallant men are everywhere ; the band is crashing out a pulse- tingling waltz, and still Edith heavs and sees, and moves in a dream. ' Come,' Charley says. His aa-m is around her waist, and thev whirl a,Wfl.v nmrm rr I waltzers. Edith waltzes well, so does Charley. She feels as though she wero floating on air, not on earth. Then itis over, and sho is being introduced to people, to resplendent young ladies and most equally resplondent young men. Charley resigns her to ono of these latter, and sho glides through a mazurka. That, too, ends, and as it grows rather warm, her partner leads her away to a cool music room, whence proceed melodious sounds. It is Trixy at the piano, informing a select audi ence in shrill soprano, and in the character of the ' Queen of May,' that ' She had been wihl and wayward, but she was not wayward ww.' Edith's partner finds her a seat and volunteers to go for an ice. As she sits faiv ning herself, she sees Charloy approaching with a young man of about his own ago, taller than lie is — fairer, with a look altogether, somehow, of a different nationality. Ho has largo blue eyes, very fair hair, aud tho blond est oi complexions. Instinctively sho knows who it is. ' t i Charloy says, ' hero you aro. 1 havo been searching for you. Miss Darrell, allow mo to prosont to you Six- Victor Cath eron. CHAPTER IV. ' UNDER THE GASLIGHT.' Two darkly solemn eyes look up into Sir Victor Catheron s face. Both bow. Both murmcr the pianissimo imbecility requisite on such occasions, and Edith Darrell is acquainted with a baronet. With a baronet ! Only yestorday, as it ?were, she was darning lioso, and ironing linen at home, going about tlio dismal house slip shod and slatternly. Now she iB in the midst of a brilliant ball, diamonds sparkling around her, and an English baronet of fabulous wealth and ancestry, asking lier for the favour of tho next waltz ! Something ridiculous and absurd about it all struck her ; she felt an . idiotic desire to laugh aloud. It was all unreal, all a dream. She would awake, presently, to hear her step-mother's shrill call to come and help in the kitchen, and the howls of the juvenile Darrells down the passage. A fami liar voice arouses her. ' You'll not forget, I hope Edith,' Charley present I am going to meander through the lancers with Mrs. Featherbrain.' j He takes her tablets, coolly writes his name, smiles, shows his white teeth, says, ' au re voir,' and is gone. Sho and the baronet are alone. What shall she say to him? She.feels a is saying, ' that next redowa is mine. At whimsical sort of trepidation as she flutters her fan. As yet tho small-talk of society is Sanscrit to this young lady from Sandypoint. Sir Victor leans lightly against the arm. of her chair, and looks down upon her as sho sit*, with flushed cheeks, half-smiling lips, and long black lashes drooping- He is think ing what a wonderfully bright and charming face it is — for a brunette. For Sir Victor Catheron does not fancy bru nettes. He has his ideal, and sees in her tho future Lady Catheron. In far-off Cheshire there is a certain Lady Gwendoline ; she is an earl's daughter, the owner of two soft blue eyes, a complexion of pink and snow, a soft, ?trained voice, and a feathery halo of amber hair. Lady Gwendoline is his ideal of fair, sweet womanhood, turning coldly from all the reft of the world to hold out her arms to one happy possessor. The vision of Lady Gwen doline as he saw her last, the morning sun shine searching her fair English face and find ing no flaw in it, rises for a second before him — why, he does not know. Then a triumphal burst of music crashes out, and he is looking down once more upon Edith Darrell, in her white dress and coral ornaments, her dark hair and pink roses. ; ' You seem quite like an old acquaintance, Miss Darrell,' he says, in his slow, pleasant English accented voice ; ' our mutual friend, the prince, has told me about his adventure in the snow, and your heroism.' ' Tlin Inrino ?' alio vor*oo+.o infawnryofmnlTT i and Sir Victor laughs. ' Ah ! you don't know. They call him the prince here — Prince Charley. I don't know why, I'm sure, unless it be that his name is Charles Edward Stuart, and that he is the prince of good fellows. You have no idea how delighted I am that he — that the whole family are going across with us in May. You ac company them, I understand, Miss Darrell?' 'As companion and interpreter on the Continent,' Miss Darrell answers, looking up at him very steadily. ' Yes.' And you will like the Continent, I know,' Sir Victor goes on. ' You will like Paris,, of course. All Americans go to Paris. You will meet scores of your coantrymen in every Continental city.' ? 'I am not sure that this is an advantage.' responds the young lady, coolly. ' About.my liking it, there can be no question. It has been the dream of my life — a dream I thought as likely to be realised a month ago, as that I should take a trip to ..the moon. For you, Sir Victor, I suppose every aook and corner of Europe is as familiar to you as your own native Cheshire?' The brown brilliant eyes look at him frankly. She ;s at her ease at last, and Sir Victor thinks, again, what beautiful eyes brown eyes are. For a dark young person, she is really the most attractive young person he has ever met. ' Cheshire,' he repeats, with a smile, ' how well you know my birthplace. No, not my birthplace exactly, for I was born in London. I'm a Cockney, Miss Darrell. Before you all go abroad, you are to come and spend a week or two down in sunny Cheshire ; both my aunt and I insist upon it. You don't know how many kindnesses — J10W many pleasant days and nights we owe to our friends, the Stuarts. It shall be our endeavour, when we reach England, to repay them in kind. May I ask, Miss Darrell, if you have met my aunt?' ' No,' Edith replies, fluttering a little again. ' I have not even seen Lady Helena as yet.' 'Then allow nie the . pleasure of making you acquainted. I think you will like her. I am very sure she will like you.' The colour deepens on Edith's dark cheek; she arises and takes his proffered arm. How gracefnlly deferential and courteous lie is. It is all custom, no doubt, and means no thing, but it is wonderfully pleasant and flattering. For the moment it seems as though he were conscious of no other young lady in the scheme of creation than Miss Dar rell — a flirting way a few young men cultivate. mi ? ? _i ? ^ .1 1 , xntjy vYttiivttu Biowiy Qown xne long oril liant rooms, and many eyes turn and look after them. Every one knows the extremely blonde young baronet — tho dark damsel on his arm is as yet, a stranger to most of them. ' Denced pretty girl, you know,' is the unani mous verdict of masculine New York; 'who is she?' 'Who is that young lady in the dowdy white muslin and oldfashioned corals ?' asks feminine New York, and both stare as tliey receive the same whispered reply : ' A poor relation — a country cousin, or something of the sort, going to Europe with them as companion to Beatrix.' Edith sees the looks, and the colour deepens to carnation in her face. Her brown eyes gleam, she lifts her head with haughty graco and flashes back almost defiance at these in solent starers. She feels what it is they are saying of her, and Sir Victor's high- bred courtesy and deference go to the very depths of her heart by contrast. She likes him ; I10 interests her already ; there is something in his face, she can hardly tell what — a sort of sombi'o shadow that underlies all his smiling society manner. In roposo and solitude, tho prevailing expression of that face will bo melancholy and yet why ? Suroly, at tliroe and-twenty, life can havo shown nothing but her sunshine and roses, to this curled darling of fortune. A stout, elderly lady, in gray moire and Chantilly lace, sits on a sort of throne of honour, beside Mrs. Stuart, and a foreign I gentleman, from Washington, all ribbons and ordors. To this stout, elderly lady, as Lady Helena Powyss, his aunt, Sir Victor presents Miss Darrell. The kindly eyes of tho English lady turn upon the dark, handsome face of the American girl ; tho pleasant voico says a few pleasant words. Miss Darrell bows gracefully, lingers a few moments, is presented to tho ribbonand starrod foreigner, and learns I10 is Russian Ambassador at Washington. Then tho music of thoir danco strikes up, both smilingly mako their adieus, and liasteu to tlio ball-room. Up and down the long waxed room, in and out with gorgeous young Now York, in all the hues of the rainbow, the air heavy with per fume, tho matchless Gounod waltz music crash ing over all, with the arm of a baronet — worth, how much did Trixy say? thirty ? or forty thousand a year? — around her slim white muslin waist. Edith is in her dream still' — sho does not want to wake. Trixy whirls by, flushed and breathless, and nods laughingly as she disappears. Charley, looking calm and languid oven in the dance, flits past, clasping gay little Mrs. Featherbrain, and gives her a patronizing nod. And Edith's thought is — ' If this could only go on for ever !' But the erolden moments of life flv — the leaden ones only lag — we all know that to our cost. The waltz ends. . 'A most delicious waltz,' s ays Sir Victor, gayly. ' I thought dancing bored me — I find I like it. How well you waltz, Miss Darrell — like h, Parisienne ; but all American young ladies are like Frenchwomen. Take this seat, and let me fetch you a water-ice.' He leads her to a chair and then departs. As she sits there, half smiling and fluttering her fan, looking' vory lovely, Charley saunters up, with his late partner. ' If -ydur royal highness will permit, ones Mrs. Featherbrain, laughing and panting, ' I will take a seat. How cool and comfortable you look, Miss Darrell. May I ask what you have done with Sir Victor ?' ' Sir Victor left me here, and told me he would go for a water-ice. If I look cool, it is more than I feel — the thermometer of this room must stand at a hundred in the shade.' ' A water-ice,' repeats Mrs. Featherbrain, with a sigh ; ' just what I have been longing for, this past half-hour. Charley, I heard you say something about bringing me one some time ago, didn't I ? But I know of old what your promises are worth. You know the adage, Miss Darrell — never more true than in this instance, 'Put not your trust in princes.' ' Miss Darrell's dark, disdainful eyes look full at the frivolous young matron. Mrs. Featherbrain and Mr. Stuart have been devoted to each other all the evening. 'I know the adage,' she answers coolly, ' but I confess' I don't see the application.' ' What ! don't you know Charley's sobriquet of Prince Charley ? Why, he has been the prince ever since he was five years old, partly on account of his absurd name, partly because of his absurd grand saigneur airs. I think it nts — don t you r ' And if I were prince,' Charley interposes before Miss Darrell can answer, ' my first ? royal act would be to order Featherbrain to the deepest dungeon beneath the castle moat, and make his charming relict princess con sort, as 3he has long alas ! been queen of my affections !' He lays his white-kidded hand on the re gion of his heart, and bows profoundly. Mrs. Featherbrain's shrill, rather silly laugh, rings out — she hits him a blow with her perfumed fan. ' ' You precocious little boy !' she says : 'as if children of your age knew what their affec tions meant. Miss Darrel, you'll not credit it, I'm sure, but this juvenile cousin of yours —Charley, you told me Miss Darrell was your' cousin — was my first love-factually — my first !' ' And she jilted me in cold blood for Feather brain. . Since then I've been a blighted being — hiding, like the Spartan chap in the story, the . fox that preys on my vitals, and going through, life- with the hollow mockery of a smile on my lips.' . Again Mrs. Featherbrain's foolish little laugh peals out. She leans back, almost against him, looks uo, and half whisners something very daring in French. . Edith turns away disgusted, gleams of dis dainful scorn in her shining hazel eyes. What a little painted giggling idiot the woman is — what fools most young men are ! What business have' married women flirting, and how much more sensible and agreeable Englishmen are than Americans. ' Miss Darrell looks sick of our frivolity,' Mrs. Featherbrain gaily exclaims; 'the wickedness of New York and the falsity of mankind are new to her as yet. You saved Charley's life, didn't you, my love? Trixy told me all about it — and remained with him all night in the snow, at the risk of your own life. Quite a romance, upon my word, now not end it like all romances of the kind, in a love-match and a marriage ?' Her eyes glitter maliciously and jealously, even .while she laughs. If it is in the shallow heart of this prettily-painted, prettily-powered woman to care for any human being, she has cared for Charley Stuart. ' Mrs. Featherbrain !' Edith exclaims, in haughty surprise, half rising. ' My dear it don't be angry — you might do worse, though how, it would be difficult to say. I suggested because it is the usual ending of such things in novels, and on the stage — that is all.' ' And as if I could fall in love with any one now,' Mr. Stuart murmurB, plaintively. ' Such a suggestion from yon, Laura, is add ing insult to injury.' ® ' Here comes our baronet,' Mrs. Feather brain exclaims, ' bearing a water-ice in his own jartistic hand. Rather handsome, isn't he ?— only I detest very fair men. What a pity '-for the peace of mind of our New York girls,' he should be engaged in England.' ' All ! but he isn't engaged — I happen to know,' said Charley ; 'so you see what comes of marrying in haste, Mrs. Featherbrain. If you; had only waited another year now, instead of throwing me over for old Feather brain it TnJ™V.+ l,n,r„ £ ? ? T ? J. .J ? ? ''5'' uGuii j .ur u, uuiuuui — ior 01 course there isn't a girl in New York could stand the ghost of a chanco beside you.' ' A most delicate compliment,' Edith says, her scornful lip curling ; ' One hardly knows which to admire most — the refined tact of Mr. Stuart's flatteries, or tho matronly dignity with which Mrs. Featherbrain repels them !' Sho turns her white shoulder deliberately upon them both, and welcomes Sir Victor with lior brightest smile. ' And for a rustic lassie, fresh from tho fields and tlio daisies, it isn't so bad,' is Mrs. Featherbrain's cool criticism. ' And I hope, despite Sir Victor's aristo cratic attentions, Miss Darrell, you'll not forget you're engaged to me for tho redowa,' Charley finds a chance to murmur, sotto voce, in lier ear, as he and his flirtee movo on. _ 'You seo the poor child's jealous, Charley,' is the Featherbrain's last remark — ' a victim to the green-eyed monster in his most virulent form. You really should bo caroful, my dear boy, how you use tho charms a bonoficent Providence has showered upon you. As you are strong, bo merciful, and all that sort of thing.' Tho hours go on. Edith eats her water-ice, and talks very animatedly to her baronet. Balls (he has had a surfeit of thorn, poor fellow) mostly bore him — to-night lie is really inter ested. Tho Americans are interesting people — he thinks that must bo why. ? Then the re dowa begins, and Charley returns and carries her off. With him sho is coldly and silent, her eyes are averted, hor words aro few. Ho smiles to himself, and asks her this pleasant question : 'If sho doesn't think Laura Featherbrain the prettiest and best-dressed ladv in the room ?' ' I think Mrs Featherbrain is well named' Miss Darrell answers, hor dark eyes flashing. ' I understand Mr. Featherbrain is lying sick at home. You introduced mo to her; while I live in this house, Mr. Stuart, you will be kind enough to introduce me to no more — Mrs. Featherbrains!' She brings out the obnoxious name with stinging scorn, and the look toward the lady bearing it sharper than daggers. There is a curious smile in Charley's eyes — his lips aro grave. ' Are you angry, Edith ? Do you know — of course you do, though — that it becomes you to be angry ? My charming cousin, I never knew until to- niglit how really handsome you were.' Sho disengages herself, with a sudden abruptness, from his clasp. ' I am tired of dancing,' she says. ' I de test redowas. And be kind enough to keep your odious point-blank compliments for the ' prettiest and best dressed ladv in the room.' I don't appreciate them !' 'Is it jealousy?' Charley wonders, com placently. He sits down beside her, and tries to coax her into good humor, but she is not to be coaxed. In ten minutes another partner comes up and claims her, and she goes. The pretty dark girl in white is greatly admired and has no lack of partners. For Mr. Stuart he dances no more — ho leans against a pillar, pulls his moustache, and looks placid and hand some. Ho isn't devoted to dancing ; as a rule he objects to it on principle, as so much phy sical exertion for very little result; he has only fatigued himself to-night as a matter of abstract duty. He stands and watches Edith dance — this country girl has tho lithe, willowy grace of a Bayadere, and she is laughing now and looking very bright and animated. It dawns upon him that she is by all odds the prettiest girl in the house and that slowly but surely, for the hundred-and-fiftieth time is his life, he is falling in love. ' But I might have known it,' Mr. Stuart thinks, gravely : ' brown beauties always did play the dickens with me. I thought at five a,nd-twenty I had outgrown all that sort of youthful rubbish, and here I am on the brink 1L. *x ? ? T71_ 11 ? - 1 .1 ujl wits pit ugum. .v ainng in love in tne pre sent involves matrimony in the future, and matrimony has been the horror of my life since I was four years old. And then the governor wouldn't hear of it. I'm to be handed over to the first ' daughter of a hun dred earls' across in England, who is willing to exchange a tarnished British coronet for a Yankee million or two of dollars.' It is Trixy who is dancing with the baronet now — Trixy who descends to supper on the j baronet's arm. She dances with him once again atter supper ; then he returns to Edith. So the hours go on, and the April morning is growing gray._ Once Edith finds herself seated beside genial Lady Helena, who talks to her in a motherly way, that takes all her heart captive at once. Sir. Victor leans oyer his aunt's chair, listening' with a smile, and not saying much himself. His aunt's eyes follow him everywhere, her voice takes a deeper tenderness when she speaks to him. Itis easy to see she loves him with almost more than a mother's love. ^ A little longer and it is all over. Carriage after carriage roll away — Sir Victor and Lady Helena shake hands with this pretty, well bred Miss Darrell, and go too. She sees Char ley linger to the last moment, by fascinating Mrs.^ Featherbrain, whispering the usual inanity in her pretty pink ear. He leads her to the carriage, when it stops the way, and he and the millionaire's wife vanish in the outer darkness. ' Now half to the setting moon are gone, And half to the riaing day ; Low on the Band, and loud on the stone. The laat wheel echoea away.' Edith hums as she toils up to her pretty room. Trixy's grand field night is over — Edith's first ball has come to an end, and the first night of her new life. (To be Continued.) 