LEPROSY IN TSE 2TOSTHFBK TERRITORY. The opinion which we have go frequently cxpresred as to the existence of leprosy among the black* of the Alligator River district (says the Northm. Territory Time* of the 31st December), has at last been verified beyond the ghost of a doubt. An aboriginal native of that district who came into Paunerston on Saturday last at the suggestion of Mr. P. Cabill (who was. buffalo hunting for a couple of years at the Alligator) his been examined by Dr. O'Flaheriy and found to be suffering from true leprosy. Mr. CahiU had a shrewd suspicion that the man was a leper, and by a little judicious deceit managed to entice him to come here to be 'cored' by the doctor. After the medical officer had satisfied himself as to the nature of the disease tbe native was conveyed across to the leper camp, to break the monotony and lotiesomeness of tbe solitary Chinaman '& existence here. It is now common gossip that when the Government Resident's party was at the Alligator River recently, Mr. CahiU pointed out several natives who bore outward and visible signs of leprosy more or less advanced in its terrible progress, and it is expected that the Resident's next report will contain references to the matter. It is the belief of Mr. Cahill and otters well acquainted with the blacks of the Alligator district that a hundred at Least could be found suffering from leprosy developed to such an extent that there could be uo mistaking it — in some cases more pronounced than the poor wretch who has jost been transported to the leper camp. Mr. H. F. Relpb, who is at present em ployed in establishing a live cattle export trade, says the Giad&one; Observer of Tuesday last, exhibited a round of beef at the Metropolitan Hotel cured by a special pro cess of which he holds the patent rights. The special advantages claimed for the patent is that it abolishes tinning, meat cured by this method will keep Cor mouths and remain as juicy as though only freshly killed. The sample exhibited, a piece of beef cured in Melbourne, looked fresh and had all the flavoar of fresh turned meat. The patentees are prepared to preserve any quantity of meat at ^d. per lb. 