TASMANIAN NOTES. BR NOTOS. MOBS INCOME TAX HUMOURS. The humours of the income tax continue to develop, though it must be confessed that they are mostly ill-humours. The commis sioner, though venerable and staid in appear ance, must be a bit of a wag at heart, as some officials are, just as " every woman is at heart a rake." There are now 54 regulations re lating to the tax, which is a cheerful Btate of affairs to contemplate, whilst every week brings forth a new surprise contrived by this venerable commissioner, over whose actions the Treasurer professes to have no control. Macbeth was surprised to find that the time had gone by in which men died when their brains were out, but his astonish ment can hardly equal that of some persons here who have been officially told that when they paid their income tax and got their receipts it was not paid. Like Macbeth, they have been affrighted from their seats. The case is thusCertain de ductions were allowed for depreciated shares, as decided by the Supreme Court, and th6 tax was paid and receipts given. " Now," says Mr. Commissioner, "lam not clear about this business," so the deductions are to be paid up under threat of legal proceed ings, to be held pending the opinion of Parliament as to what it meant when it passed the act. Some folks hare said that the taxpayer is only bound by the law as it stands, but Mr. Commissioner is of opinion that Parliament can do a little ex pott facto legislation. The general verdict is that " it's a rum piece of business." ANOTHER SUNDAY QUESTION. Hobart, which is the city of conferences, has just been edified with another one, the conferees this time being the Seventh Day Adventists. I have not the least idea what they wanted to confer about, as they are all very positive in their opinions, the main one being that the eeventh day is the Sabbath, not the first. They may be wrong, but certainly some of their arguments are not easy to answer, nor does there appear to be any disposition to tackle them on the part of the orthodox. The Adventists are ready for the fray, but the other side lets theixi severely alone, and they rejoice in their Bible Sabbath. What is more, some of them may be seen any Sunday in the suburbs of Hobart working in the fields, and, I fancy, making much more noise about it than they need do. This right has aroused the anger of more than one of the orthodox, who insist that such things should be stopped and the decencies of "the Sabbath" enforced. The answer is, of course, that Sunday is not the Sabbath; but it is a fair proposition for argument whether a day of general rest should not be observed, apart from all con siderations of creeds. This is an old ques tion, and one that was raised in the early days of the diggings, and especially at B&l; larat. In those days the diggers did their shopping on Sunday, partly because they worked late in the day, and partly because they did not know what else to do on Sunday except get op an occasional fight .There were tew homes in those days. The men danced with each other at the Charlie Napier in long boots covered with mod, jumpers, and with pipeB in their mouths, and were, on the whole, wonder fully well behaved. However, about the middle of 1854 it came to be understood that the Btores should be closed on Sundays, to whioh end an agreement was made amongst the storekeepers. It was found that one or two always stood oat; broke the compact, and reaped the profit, though there was a general agreement that all would benefit if all closed. To meet this emergency, the law of Charles II. was enforced, and those who kept open were fined with general Ap proval, and thus Sunday came to be observed on the diggings ' when previously it never got past Keilor Plains. Some think .that ibfe Seventh Day Adventists should b^,*teeated: to a touch of the law if they will work on, Sundays, thus shocking the good little boys and girls coming from Sunday-school. -? ; THI lOlSSBT. . . ^ Gerald Massey, who would have poet if he had not been a goose and botheff^ himself about Egyptian antiquities which lie did not ia the least understand, wrote- ^ .. ortat thoushu go dc*n like sun Kino*, which I may parody by sa> ins- " '. Great hoj.es to. ds«n'»« n>:ke' E J"k". c and this is what we feel after the towing £ the lottery. We were *nSe ye= ^, to-day Dreams have come to nj,ugr . , ibat m< ». T-»»« -iof ? o- fcome have brought no prize. Not..in" = " it shcul-I be, if superstitions were only tn3e Where were the clairvoyance. Wh" could they rot see something they who ; e,~ =o auch Where were the ghosts, the , fatrulv sprites. couid they not do something , U:u! for once in their lives, it they are alive , V. h. re was Mr. Stead, or Mrs. Benarn ot j hun- ireds of others that can coll up S..ake=- , ntaros who know not poetry, and frram- , Larians who talk the vilest tnglun : \\\ here ; was the st>:.r;t that continued Edirtn Drood , in th* Yankee dialectWhy didn't Bome of j th*m go in and win something? I do no.; know. Tasmania is mainly left lamenting. , This serves Hobert right, for it did not; take its proper share 01 tne uc^.t8'aS, ' ! never does its proper share of anything tha^ requires public spirit in which it differs from Launceston, which will keep ltsown Ju rats for its own sea- mews, and pets th fish-guts belonging to other people, too, if it, can That was a solemn few minutes id IM \ Exhibition when the 30 marbles ^re drawn . which alone could get prizes. Interest parted j fearful!v after that, but the people waited to , see the big prize go, and when that was allotted there was nothing more to wait lor. Th<=re was a roar, mainly of envy v.hf-n it was drawn, for the two thousand already hopeless ones, and then tne hall beaan to empty, and only some half-a-d jzen waited to eee the end. They went silent,y awav. with steps subdued and slow reject ing "on what they might have bought with, their pounds. No one expected to get any thing-oh, dear, no! Still, they all took I things quietly, as is the custom ini this bappy land, and did not say much, though thev no doubt thought a great deaL I can not say that the lottery has demoralised any body, though I am not prepared to defend Euch things as matters of custom. Ii all the tickets had Rone off and saved miserable shareholders from a call that would have been something, but as it is the eword bangs over them still. So even vice »s not re warded, which is unusual in this sublunary sphere. WANTED, A NEW ST. PATBICK. Oh for the good old days, when saints could catch the devil by the nose and com mand the vipers and the vermin to depart! In this fair island we wonld willingly give much for a new St Patrick bavin? power to banish insect and vegetable peBts, which tairly eat us np and threaten to come in numbers vet unknown. The innocent sweet briar, beloved in England, is a curse to many here, for it, like the famous Yankee pill, does not go fooling about but attends to its_Luasl" ness. It grows and keeps on growing. Thou aandsof acres are covered with it, and it cannot be got rid of. Then the blackberry, beloved of bovs, and said to be the food of truants in England, is little short of a curse here. Weeds we count not, for they seem to be in the nature of things, but the insect pests are at times more than we can beat. Tnat terrible wild- fowl, the codlin motb, flourishes in spite of legislation, causing trouble to many and loss to more. That has oome without to stay. Then we have ear wigs, the home article, imported somehow, to which have been added recently around Hobart the English snail, the house bearer as the Greeks call it, wbicn came with a modest consignment of flowers. It, too, has come to stay, for it multiples amazingly, and the more BO because the native birds do not know how to crack the shell, as the youngest blackbird in England understands. Here is a case for a bird missionary to the heathen. In New Zealand the oldest imported eheep will eat a poison plant and die, but your native lamb fcnows better, and carefully lets the tempting green leaves alone. The snails even puzzle the hens, which should have inherited knowledge, for they turn the shells overand can makenothing of them. All this is «pro/x>« of the unpleasant fact that the recent fruit trophy from Queens land brought with it a new pest, Baid to be equal to three single codlin moths rolled into one. It is a pretty fly, nicely coloured, but a demon to lay eggs on ripe apples, wisely choosing the sunny side. We are afraid that it has come, but we gather consolation from a statement that this striped beauty can only live in hot weather. So mote it be 1 All I know is, that all the pests flourish here, human and insect alike, especially the useless and incompetent pest who does not know frnfl cannot be made to understand. Ah! if we could only spray him I A DELICATE CASE. A carious and difficult case has arisen. 3be Rev. S. Topham was curate of the of Tarnar, where he seems to have Ijfffn popular, but where he appears also to (we enemies. He avers that his enemies devised a scheme of revenge, in poonance of which a woman, said by him to lie of no credit, averred that he asked her Into his bedroom. On this charge being made .the bishop cancelled his license " on general t mounds," whereupon he petitioned the synod, nod the synod, directed by the bishop as nrerident, refused to receive the petition. Some members of the synod declared that the ftishop i> the lodge t>f the whole business, sad any further action was useless. The jtatospect of M «*e * to,** that the license wm not one of the special ones made the«vnodh-»ple power, and abould have ' now before the public, for meetings have j been held, and subscription lists raised, and jit Biar go into Lhe Supreme Court. The i public view is this. The offi-nce, it there is I &ny; offence at all, is one which coaid only be invented by a prurient religious mind, sus ' peeting evil. The accused is deprived oi his means or jiving and the bishop admits that j there is no charge against him. Now, the , public says that this is a state of affaire that should not be possible. If the man is guilty -guilty of some tangible offence-let it be | ' proved, and let him go, but it will not, dull j and apathetic as it is here, consent to see a man cast out on such flimsy pretences as are ! now put forward. The bishop must prove! '? more, or he will find that he has seriously i ; damaged his position, whilst he may have to | face the Supreme Court. j EXIT EXITIBrnOS. j The Exhibition is about to close. Its last . annual meeting has been held, and ehare j holders are to escape another cail. It bas ; not been the financial success expected, as j ? much encaged space has not been paid tor, j j and many exhibits did not come. For tbe j i last defect increased Customs duties are 6aid j : to be responsible, and are no doubt. Then j the show business has not been well done.! | The committee did not understand the noble t art of Barnnmising. Money was wasted. : Again, the Hobart public did not give the I continued support that was due from them. J j It's a way they have in that city. In other j ways the Exhibition was a success. The j art galleries have been invalnable, whilst the! i place has supplied a want. The people of j j Hobart who took shares-that is, except the j j rich, who didn't-may console themselves with the knowledge that they did a good thing when they took up the shares, and I for should like to see many more such showB, and see them at short intervals, for they are educational and help to create a common object of interest. i 