The Deeming Hurders in England, now the\\- were disco vered. A TRUE DETECTIVE STORY. (FItOM i'HIC MISLBODRSE AUGOS.') It was latterly cold in tlie city on (lie 9th -if March. 1892, and tiny sta ];-clik'S of slowly-thawing ice Inuig from thn lioavy inonsi.-iclic of a strongly built 111:111 who had just come in from the ptioet on ( side, and was resting his t'lbovvs on tho nwhosfanv writing- table of one of t he largest produce dealers in London. 'J lie -lo.ili'i- and his visitor tallrod in rapid confiili'iitijil tones lijion business matters, npon the prices and qunlil ies an-l grades of butter, h [-011 t-lie state of tlie mailcet, cai'goes and the methods oi' ]tnck;ng, th;- ]i resent glut and the future jirospectq of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Clin^-a-ling-a- ling went an electric bill across the passage, and in a mo ment or two a well- drilled office-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing tho latest comer, said, ' You're wanted at tlie telephone, sir.' The stoutly- built man stepped! across to tlie telephone, and raised the j receiver to his ear. ^ ' Hullo, tbeje. Is that you, Lowe ¥' came a voice out of nowhere, disen tangling itself with difficulty from the confused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other 011 tlie tingling wires. Yes. Who's speaking 2' ' Townend, at the Ai'gus office. Look here, I want to see you as soon as possible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we' ve just igot a cable from the office in Melbourne in structing as to make inquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can.' Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the London staff of the Arguss, dropped tlie instrument, hastily' apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase three steps at a time. Com merce absorbs a large amount of tlie average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of— Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. To\rnend were staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cabli message from Melbourne read simply, ' Inquire Scotland Yard, Williams murder. Send portraits. Interview mother. ' Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe interrogatively. Mr. l-owe looked at Mr. Townend affirmatively. 'All right,' he said, ' Fll look after it.3' ' The Bow-street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of 'Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for details about a man named Smith wanted for a forgery com mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency- failed to disclose any accounts of the murder mentioned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the faint est gleam of light being shed upon the occurrence. ' ' Scotland-yard, cabby, ' shouted the stoutlj-built man through theapper turein the roof bf the hansomj and sat back in the seat to think hard, . as the experienced London cab-horse skated J over the slippeiy wood-blocks of the ''' Sttand, heading for the . mysterious §£... building in which the jiighest detective I;, acumen of' England daily gatlieis up |v the vines of infonnation that come roll j' ing infrom that quarter of the globe. ^Bo 'busy, indeed, were the autocrats of l the metropoliton police and the detec i ' ; tive department that they could not faayyen see Mr. Love when he sent in his name by the ^German , man-servant. If 'Mr. Lowe desired any information he must -be kind enough to forward his ^request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Sup'erin 4?ndent Shore and Superintendent An .'viuit-tEe^occupant of the hansom 1 still another string to his bow, ' the cab-horse skated back into / Mr. Lowe again devoted him j an accomplishment which is, un \- xuftunately, growing rare — that of thinking. As a result of his cogita tions the cab-hor se was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintanefret-Ms— the police offimlm^arger^ you want,' said the officer,' with a smile, aa lie spread the ' infonnation sheet ' for that - 'very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry Ho. 44, which con taineda full -deecriptionof ^Albert 'Wil- lianie, wanted for.=wi£e. murder, .at Heir bourne,on . ChristmasJEve, ^I89]l» ---Tha information set' fbrth' that 'Williams spoke with a Lanciaihire ^iccent, and jBtay^ed ^formerly at Sainhili/ It was cignedby Superintendent ^hore. Mxziio&±- devoured that informa i . tion^heet %ith. the hearty appetite' of ,, pne who has^ lifeen inibjected ^ to ; semi starvation 'for 'some time past. rSe e Jcommitted .the entry to memory ver l)a1am by reading it over carefully two ^ or three; ? times, a ^ knack , which is C always useful to a journalist. M. % Blowitz, the Paris correspondent of the i' Times,' proved its value when he learned off the terms of peace at the close of the Franco-German war iii one Reading, and telegraphed them in ex tenso to his pkper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on the grand s cale — the murder, that is committed with grape and shrapnel and bayonets at the charge. f, 'When Mr. Lowe rj^rned to . Scot I^nd^ard after a hurried yisit to_ 'The Argus ' office in ITleet-street, he lfad a latter from Mi*. Townend to Superin- i 4ttt^S£ore, requesting information I *~~in his pocket, and lie bad the informa- 1 tion itself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience, he omitted the formality of sending in his cardj and running up a flight of stone steps and along a passage, entered Superintend ent Shore's private room, and intro duced himself in person. The super intendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter, asking for particulars as to the murder, and for the address of Mrs. Williams iii Live'-pool. ' I know nothing at. all about it,' said the superintendent, in the mea sured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to bp economical in \- admlmstering:his stock of veracity; ' and, moreover,' he., added with en gaging frankness, ' if I did know, 1 \- should not tell you.' Mr. Lowe leaned across the table 'with a queer smile and looked sti aight ^/into the superintendent's eyes. 'As you know nothing about the matter, he said, ?♦ perhaps you AviU allow me l-to enlighten you. Albeit Williams Unm^ered bis wife in Melbourne 011 gtetmstma.? eve. He' formerly stayed *~,t Hainhill. He speaks with a strong L laaneasbire accents thore -is a ^le 'lajled description ot liiin published as ^ t^e 44th entry iu to-day's information sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo. ; bears; your jovi n sign&tnre;, Superihteiident ?Shore.' ^ . The superintendent sprang to his feet.1- ' The man ivho told you this shall be dismissed from the forcc,' he hissed, with ah path. ' Don't you. think you had better find him first/' replied the other, with just -the- suspicion of a sneer, 'aiid you may discover, when you have got him, that lie is not under your authority. The city police and the metropolitan constabulary are very difference bodies as you know.' Pew men would at tempt to bluff a Scotland-yard super-: intendent in his 00 11 milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of -the friendly police ofiicer who had shown him the information sheet. The blufl came oft. and the king of clubs was safe, but the superintendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's hand. . ' Tram going to Liverpool to-night,' Mr. Lowe remarked, as. he buttoned his overcoat, ' to follow this thing up.,' '? We shall be delighted to hear of your discoveries,' said the superinten dent, sarcastically. ' By the way, when 'you 'get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Williams — he is in charge there— and tell him that his bfother has committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you.' ' Thanks for the hint,' rejoined the pressman. ' I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that 1 1 am instructed by the Scotland-yard authorities to furnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service to me.' And he bowed himself 'out, leaving Superintendent Shore Jolly three inches smaller in stature than he had been before tlie commencement of the interview. ' Where the deuce is itainhill ?' asked /Mr. Lowe, anxiously, in the office afterwards. 'JBainhill,' replied Mr. Townend oracularly, emerging from a dusty file of the 'liverpool Post,' 'appears to be a lunatic asylum about 10 miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express.' ' It seems to be ratliera wild goose chase, does'nt it ?' said Mr. Lowe. ' Mr. Townend looked at him straight. 'It's the biggest wild goose chase a man was ever sent on,' he said, ' but we have our.instrnotions, and we must cany them out.' . Then , ho turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sovereigns and 4s 3d in silver which he handed to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that he would want some money. The petty cash box yielded another £10, . and with this provision against immediate necessities the amateur detective en tered tlie next stage of the inquiry — and a cosy, first-class carriage on the 10.5 p;in. express to Liverpool. : Half-past S next morning found him at the headquarters of the Liverpool detective department in Dale-street, and the officer in chaige, though at first suspicious and reticent, gradually thawed under the influence : of the strongpersonal ' recommendations from Superintendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe presented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superintendent's sarcasm, that -he was oommissjoned by the Scotland Yardi authorities to furnish them with ;all possibie infdrmation about tne murder. Thus it was that he enlisted , the assist ance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Bainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mir. Lowe learned that Bainhill was a town . ship with a population of about. 2000, that it contained a lunatic, asylum, two clitirches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Manchester line.. - Bnt the constable knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a; few moments, chewing the end of his big moustache, ' Can you put me on to the: local gossip ?' he said, ' the man -or woman who takes an intelligent in terest in other people's business, and knows all about the births, deaths, and particularly marriages, that have takejj place in Rainhall for' the last 20 toots or so?' y ' There's John Higham^^said tlie constable, reflectively, ^jl^s the local letter- carrier, an^JiiBrterows jeveryone ia -the'placer'Terhaps he might help you.'' Of course 5 just the very man, and Mr. Lowe, felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild-goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard . jail night, with : thunder and lightning, and. hmiying squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm had almost blown' itself out, hut it was still piercingly cold, and the air was7 thick and opaque, and the' half-seen sky was leaden, so that the day' suited welLwith the task in hand. It was; fitting weather for following up the death trail. Everyone knows that nature can accommodate herself to human moods, especially , the poets', and Browning lets the interdependence to be seen veiy plainly. Li 'Pros pice/' that Alpine storm inverse, can not one feel the fog in the throat, the mist in the face, and the cold blasts that blow about the narrow pass where death sits waiting? In the song from from 'Pippa Passes,' on the other hand, or ' Home Thoughts from Abroad,' does not one get life at its brightest in a flood of sunshine ? Listen ' the chaffinch sings on the orchard bough.' One can hesr the gushing melody right through the poem. But when Mr. Lowe reached llain hill the storm was over, though the j soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township like a shroud. He dispatched a lad from the railway station m search of John Higham, who presently appeared, wheezing, and opened his old eyes iu astonishment at the talc which the stranger had to tell to a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his next-to- kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Bain hill. Old Higham knew two ladies of the name of 'Williams, who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon a& Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible connection with the murder. Here the scent was was lost temporarily, and he had to cast about patiently to recover it. : As he walked down the street with old Higham, there appeared upon the scene young Higham, a stripling of 18, who assisted his father with the de livery of the mails. To him the old man unfolded the story of tlie fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to recover the long-lost heir, a lucky individual named Albert Williams. The boy's features worked in a desperate effort to grasp the: thread of some associations, and then his eyes took on a new light, glowing with the jo; of a great discovery. f '? . ' J. ' ? '? -T ?. ; : to Ramhii! last ^vest-tbime. v M^y-1 hap ewur tha feller. Im 's married Cheney?' au' took 'er off to] ?„ 'A5 ^ ^werly-' the old man responded. 'I moind 'im weli, ma Oad- ^.rented Diuham Villa from Irs. Hayes, au' Ben Young cemented ? tha kitchmg floor fur 'im. Dear, dear, so es coom'd into a fortin. I hallos thowttheer wur Buthin' quare w^ him afoor e went away. Ay, thot's *5im, sewerly.' . ... ' Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary excla mation of surprised delight. When hounds are huuting live game' and they pick up the scent again after a check, they always give tongue. ' When did you say he married her, my lad ?' he said. ' Last 'arvest-toiuie,' replied the lad, ' oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by p*sson 'isself, an' yo -»u see the stiffkit if yo loike. But I 'ere-cooms Joe Pickering, 'e married Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can tell you moor o' Willums than me.' Joe . Pickering, a stalwart young carpenter, remembered Williams per fectly, and recollected doing the wood work in the scullery at Dinham Villa when the cementing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, ih which Williams said that ' dear Emily was quite happy and in the best of health.' The letter was dated some-, time in January. There could no longer be auy doubt in Mr. Lowe's -mind that he was on the right scent, and he almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate 'dear Emily ' was: murdered by the polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. Higham, senior, in his capacity ot parish clerk, soon found the inarriage register in the vestry of the old church and turned up an entry relating to the marriage of Albert Oliver Williams/ bachelor, and Emily Mather, spinster. A copy of the entry , would cost 3s 7d, lie remarkedj 'meaningly. Mr. Xovire haiided over thfe fee, as well as a couple of half- crowns for the old man's private purse. 'Yo -woant want the munny back if it's not tha roight Willums, will 'a?' said the careful clerk; and when reas sured on the point went off to call the ' passon.' Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called, and; 'wM shbwn into the neat little ^parlor^ with its horsey hair sofa German prints ion the 'walls, and its jsquare table injlhe middle 5ojf Ihe room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematically in the centre, \- The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. ' I represent the Melbourne * Argus,' he began ' and also (after a i3hort pause) Scotland-yard. I want to ask you ?about a Mr. ^Williams who 'married your daughter last September/' : ' It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked.- 'She had hadthe let- ting of Dinham Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view the property had to come to her for the ; key. Mr. Williams wished ...to Jake : the house, and when he came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Em%; and almost-afronce proposed marriage. 'The marraage . came off in a very short time, and^waS celebrated by a dance in Dirham Villa, in the kitchen, Which had lieen newly cemented. - Certainly some of the neighbors had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one fenew anything about:, bat lie was a free-handed, well-spoken man, and lie had promised her a good home. They were very - happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. . „Her last letter was dated 'from Colombo^ Tiut her husband had written from Melbourne. 'Now, Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. ? LoWe, ' I want to ask you about your daughter.' i The old lady ^looked up at Mm r sharply. ' I want to J^owjSrst,'^he said, ' what you are driving^atj and f will not say another word untaWopftell .me.' 1- h ' Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe. I have something very painM to say to you;; . I am-goipg to tell you npwabout two' people, a man and a . woman. ' The man, I am positive, is Albert Oliver! . - Williams. The woman may be your daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have ascertained, icame :to jBainhall to visit 'Williams as his sister, but who, I have reason to believe, was his wife. Williams murdered his wife in Mel bourne on last Christmas Eve.' ' Almost -before' heiiad finished speak ing Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tangled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible; But there were still some terrible gaps to J)e filled up. ' Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been mur dered,' said Mr. Lowe; arguing against his own convictions. I think it is very ^probable that his real wife, who visitfd him here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made herself known to him there, and re proached him for his desertion, he took her life.' It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was pf priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. 'With her hopes her strength revived, and un locking an old- fashioned secretaire' she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bridegroom. After a little persuasion, she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, receiving f in return an assurance that they would he safely guarded and given back un injured., : you iiiust tell no one what I have told you,' said Lowe, as he took his leave. ' It is absolutely necessary that you preserve the strictest sec recy.' And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged her self to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the, up exprees for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon' his day's work. He had Succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely against , subsequent inquirers for information. Hot only had he extracted a promise of silence from the oneliyingindividual capable of giving positive information about the murderer, but he had swept off all the letters and alUbe portraits as well— that is to say, all the docu mentary evidence and all the mains of identification. After £ treasure-chamber he had locked^tfaJ door, : and left with the key in his 7 , J^e^^moBiingi^Ihe -Argjusfikf^i ' o|i ? the other 'side 'of tlie globe, 'publish6tl -an interview, ibree-quarters of a column -? long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl /whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave iu the house at Windsor. It. was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups !' ever known in tlie history 6f Austra lian journalism. ;? . ? ? . ;: Backwards and forwards , between; London and Liverpool went the rest-; ; less, Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing^ together all the ravelled ends of hear-; say, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct 'evuience, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rain hill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. .It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find np trace of her where abouts. She and her four children were like so many «uquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him, Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. - He was sweating from sheer excitetnanfc. A vague i»iea' came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London: to Bainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who'had cemented 'the -floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham Villa under., instructions from 'Williams. - . ? ; {jrum get c- the . cement from, Ben ?' was the first eager question. . 'It wur in the ..epoch 'ouse,' said Ben. ? : ;jr 7' 7^ . # 7 To tlie coachhouse accordingly they ;we& gaiiv $&[ found thfere t^ree7^p^ bMrdsTvhich had evidently conts^ned cement. 'Did you use all the cement out o£ the three barrels?' asked Mr. Lowe. : ?.^^iw/'^iilB^nYpungv;:.-:.'. . 'How much did you use, then? For heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life aud death.' Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. 'A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they barls,' he replied, with irritating slowness. 'A knaw nowt abootthis 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a got tha job.' ' Empty .before you got the job ?' echoed Miv Lfrwe, with the ring of a strengthening conviction iii his voice. ' Then ^rrhat became ;of the cement from th^ barreli?'' 1 ?5 The ?^tti^ge:S; plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, hut never a .word spake he. Mr. Lowe might asJ well : have tusked bitn what had be come of the snows of yester-year. : Then, a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illumi nating all that was black a moment be ' fore, and, silhouetting in ,the sharpest, 'outlines 'objects which up^ to -Chat mo ment had been wrapped in darkness. When the linf-of-battle ship showis her mighty search-light every detail of the torpedo boat stands revealed,, painted iu black upon a die of blinding white; 7. . - ' Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also,' said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off tp submit his ideas to Sergeant 'J0hipcMse,:1the Ipcal con ' stable, mth?whpm?;he phce.'concluded an. offensive ^nd defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant ChipehaW laid* the f^ts' before the dis trict superintendent and an official .named TKelly,. and the digging then 1 began' in. £-inham Villa, Tinder Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result 7 of: which most c gr uesomely verified the calculations ivhlch that far-sighted in dividual had. worked , out. And so it was i that this Chilfle 'JEoland - to his Dark Tower came. . Four, sweating -constables armed with^pickaxes carri^l out' this strange exhumation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cemen^rom the' Jihird ^fearrel, and in the cement ithgy came upon the bodies of a woman and IfEour^ children. The woman-and tHireejpf the' children had their throats c&t;€rom ear to ear, and ? 'W^^Wl^!'f^d^ad:'tjeen strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was . still jound.its,neck. . , ; , , , . . ^ . ' lu^Loiro ; nig cable message ^txj fsend to the ' Argus ' in 'Llelbourne thiat after noon, and in just a week from the day ; pn which he received bis :'first instruc tions he sent a complete report cf the murders which he'4ia,d lieen mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was' ringing some liciura after. - When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in the ' Argus,' alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning, Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way .from Southern Cross in, custody. If the Wihdsor charge broke down, the Bainhill case would hang him safely enough; 'Ah ! Mr! Lowe,glad tj» see you,' said Superintendent Shore next day, stretching out Ms hand cordially to his visitor. - ' Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of -detective; work that' has been done in England for many years.' 