Word from Melbourne. [Fjbom oub Corebspondknt.] There is always Bomething eengaHooal happening in Victoria. If there is a dearth of murder or snioides then something -else transpires, which serves as a substitute for the morbid oreatureB who devour the details and seem to gloat over the circumstance. If hinted that he could a tale unfold, whose lightest words would barrow op their souls, causing their hair to stand on end, they would not cease pestering that person till they had succeeded in dragging tbe facts. The man is really the reporter who always has an importunate orowd pursuing him. There is little wonder that thtB appetite exists. Look at the modern Vioterian calendar of crime. Deeming first, then Mrs. Needle, then Dorley. These all'weat in for tbe wholesale business, and have left tbe most blood-curdling and revolting records behind. * » ? * When will the name of Tiohborne pass from memory? It suggests one of those events which will hardly ever be forgotten. The details of the celebrated case are full of inruung interest ana tne innate love ior cue sensational will save the case from tbe limbo of forgotten things. It is an historical fact and in the form in which it is retold to-day bears resemblance to the truth, but by the time it has reached the third or fourth generation the; facts will have disappeared before the attractiveness of romance. Tbe case is doomed to yet appear quite diveBted of truth and in the beguiling formjof legend. ♦ ? ? * Apropos of this ..reference it might be stated that a Mr, Flannery, of Victoria, affirms that the real Sfr Roger Tichbproe died at the Geelong hoBpltal in 1854. Tbe Very Rev. Father Danne, tit present residing at Albury. it is stated, beard tbe dying man's confession and believed him to be the real Sir Roger. There is a woman' now residing in New Zealand who knew tbe woman who attended at the bedside of the man when dying. He did not wish to give his name, but said if the question ever arose touching hia identity, two rings which he gave to this attendant would aet all doubt aside. These relics, it appears, bave something inscribed on them and are stamped with a coronet. Readers will remember -that Arthur Ortbn, the Tichborne claimant, confessed to the falsity cf his statements— statements which were discredited by the Courts and which got him into jail in consequence. * Spnrgeon, who was so famous for epigram, once -said ' Horse- racing is a -galloping con sumption.' Of course he did not refer so much to horse-racing jis, to. gambling,, which has aa bad an effect morally as. consumption or rapid decline has physically. . In spite of this statement and the opposition ^opposed to exist in the church to the race course, several enterprising Flemington trainers and horse owners waited the other day on the Rev. Dr. Bevan of this city. The deputa tion desired to bring before the, genial doctor for his consideration certain reasons for the legislation of the' totalizator. They ^stated their case in *' judicial style and claimed that 'the change they -^proposed* wooild minimise eatnblinff. orevent street. wnonrina and put . an . end . to the* credit system in betting, which is a decided evil— it would in fact remove most of the ills that betting flesh is heir to. Dr. Sevan aaked, 'Would it injure hone-racing if there were no betting?' To this an emphatic No was given by the deputation, who contended that bettincr bar diminished in New Zealand and South Aus tralia in consequence of the legislatisn of the totalizator, The astute and popular preacher, of course, did not commit himself to any definite statement. The idea sug gested here — the nnioa of the turf and churcheB— is amosing, but the absence of elective difficulties would Beem to render such a combination impossible. ? * 41 Wkn'a Trait ^ffDF I19 Tf »??!».. A.1.^. phrase certainly has age to recommend it. At one time it seemed vague, and meaning less, but within the last few weeks revela tions have been made made in connection with the Tariff Teform debate, which throw quite a new light upon it. Hats, it appears, are made in this colony of ' shoddy' (shoddy by the way is a sort of sin-beavor, it bears the burden of the manufacturer's dishonesties). The finish tbat one admires in these hats is but a thin veneer of gentility — their beauty is only skin deep and soon iieriaueiu. ioH appearance oi quality tbe Victorian made hat had when new is only tbe ghost of durability, and it gives np this ghost immediately that it feels the blighting influence of the elements. The duty on imported hats is 3s. * * * When in a humor for moralising people often say ' Honesty is the best policy,'.' The truth of this saying has been exemplified lately in Melbourne. The Abrahams (four brothers) were in business in tbe City and did a good thing in guns. They palmed off a lot of worthless fowling-pieces- which they had had marked with the magio words 'Greener' and ' Hollis.' The firms npon whose names they- were tbusly trading. prosecuted and obtained heavy damages against 'the fraudulent firm. -As a matter of course tbe partners did not stick at a *lie, and practically swore that black was white. The Crown proceeded against them on a charge of pnijury and they were. found guilty. Daring the trial two of theTarothere showed signs of mental aberration. One has since been nronounced insane. This Hnlnvaii tbe passing of the sentence on the offenders, causing great suspense to them. As a result of their dishonesty these men have lost their business, their wealth, their characters, and in the case of two their mental balance, also a terrible retribution truly. . C. 