OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Friday. It's a beautiful life this one which we live immersed in politics. We have dallied for a week or so on woollens, spent a night on candles, and thought eggs of such consequence that the Assembly gave a counle of hours to the consideration if the "quack" product should come in at 10 per cent, or free. But all the move- iticnt is auowii ciie lint?, «uiu in vi- lower duties. Members have evidently learned the lesson of experience. If Mr. Sliicls exhibited himself in the Assembly Chamber now — which he is perfectly well able to do, for 110 man can look more lit than he does in resolute health— he would simply be jumped upon and compressed to the dimensions of a shut-up opera hat. The one man I feel sympathy for is Mr. Rnonl-cr It must be a real hard old grind for the apostle of protection and the foster-father of prohibition to have to record in these days that progress has been reported. The issue of a long career is to him in that one sentence. I recollect Graham Berry in his best days, when after he had thrown aside the grocer's apron he became a leader in politics. 1 have watched his career from dawn to the now darkling days, and T. often think what he must feel when he realises that the cherished aspirations of his life are being cut down by a ruthless committee of new men, who know not the old leader. I can fancy that some night when the H ouse is in committee he will pass beyond all the notions that coruscate around the brow of Mr. Speaker, will dash into the ' auditorium, and deliver one of those J fervid addresses which used, in whilom . times, to hold us awed and breath less. Ah, good Lord ! the men of the 1 present, as compared with those of the past, how feeble do they seem to be. I have listened to Graham Berry's party rallies until the blood coursing through the veins tingled through skin and spine. How trivial to him must appear the petty course of present politics. I ofttimes sympathise with an expression old lion- heart — Peter Lalor — made to me once. "Sir," said he, "when I listen to these chatterers in Committee I often feel in clined, when progress not made is re ported, to jump out of the Chair and smash the Mace." It may be, by the way, not generally known that the Mace is a tin-pot affair which any strenuous man can break at will. We recollect that l«ief rinrt flici!iTmr»nri>rl :mrl f .Im.f: fclio annexer of it has changed her " dig gings." In the course of the tariff discussion socks appeared to excite the risibility of the Assembly Committee, because the specimens exhibited were those of ladies' underwear, which are not supposed to be exhibited to Mr. Peacock, who is about the least married man in the House. It is wrong to tempt members with these ballet-like inducements. The question buzzed around, "Are these sanitary ?" remembering a well- advertised brand. As a matter of fact, the bulk of them are shoddy. In fact, just now Parliament House contains selections of shoddy ; 'cute Yanks, would run a profit out of it by advertising a winter sale. But the public is gaining information as to the trickeries of trade. From this point of view the tariff discussion is educating us. The Polorama in progress at the Town Hall is, I am glad to say, likely to prove such a complete pecuniary success that its promoters are considering the advisability of continuing it over next week. The ob ject is an excellent one, namely, to bring certain village settlements fostered by the Rev. M. Tucker and other gentlemen into independence either of its foster parents or anyone else. But apart from this the entertainments provided are worth far i-nnvo t.li'vn t.1ir> of on p. shilling," as any of your readers who may be in town will find if they visit our Town Hall either in the afternoon or evening. They should remember, too, that every ticket they buy adds one more shilling to the furtherance of an object which every patriotic Victorian should have near his or her heart, to wit, the solution of the unemployed problem. On Tuesday, the opening night, the hall was crowded. In entertainments of this description I am alwavs attracted bv amateur performances of Shakesperc. i can hardly remember how often I have seen Hamlet played by talented profes sional companies, but I cannot recall to mind one occasion in which 1 had it forced 011 me that the bard's masterpiece of tragic mental analysis was really intended for a comedy. And yet this has been the impression conveyed to my mind so often uy illllHLCUlo LilUO JL ll«l\ V JJIGW 11 UUW lUlGlUU. On Tuesday night an effort was made to heighten the illusion of the famous ghost scene by means of inverted mirrors after the style of the inventors of " Pepper's ghost," but the result was unfortunate. To Hamlet the perturbed spirit was alto gether invisible, while to those of the audience sitting at an angle to the chamber only a thin diagonal strip of an attenuated 4 'semblance of Hamlet's father" was pre sented, the effeet of which was most comic. Then again Hamlet came 011 the stage in the shape of an undersized slender Dane ; while Marcellus and Horatio were perfect young Australian giants, so that when Hamlet commanded them to " unhand me, gentlemen, or by Heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lets me," a number of young footballer barrackers expressed their dis belief in Hamlet's ability to make his threat good in that " open and free" style peculiar to the Australian youth, who is veritably 110 respecter of persons. .Still the item served to fill up the bill, and as it was not served up till after 10 o'clock those who did not relish it had the excuse of ' ' last train" for leaving. I am in receipt of No. 1, Vol. 1, of the " Exchange and Bazaar," a publication of eight pages that has been issued to "supply a long felt want." Dear me ! I am almost afraid to remember how often I have drafted prospectuses of literary ventures based 011 that very same desideratum. 1 ne present puoucauion is intended for the convenience of those who having an article they do not want, tu-e willing to barter it for one they do want. This idea is a common one with many English publications, and judging from the number of years during which it lias been worked, would appear to be appre ciated. i'here are other acceptable features too in the " Exchange and Bazaar." 1 lie ladies arc specially altered for 111 the matter of household receipts, fashions and social gossip, while by sending a lock of hair and one shilling enclosed in the same envelope you and 1, my reader, may claim the services of a " talented psychonietrisb " Which means, that by means of that lock of hair, wc may obtain a true and im partial reading of our fortune, prospects, &c.; 1 never ceased deploring that there were 110 "talented psychome" in my youth to guide my faltering steps towards a Broken Hill or Bailey's Reward Mine. Our rising generation should be specially thankful that for one shilling — nothing seems to cost 11101c than a shilling nowa days — if they may obtain information vitally necessary to their future well-being, and with no other trouble than the send ing of a lock of hair. In the " good old- fashioned days" the same information cost at least live guineas, and even at that one had to go to the trouble of visiting a mysterious gentleman clad in a lurid colored garment with mystic characters, sealed in a dimly lighted room, the walls of which were covered with the signs of the Zodiac, and from the corners of which emanatedstrangesignswhattime we waited to have our nativity cast. But everything, even a cast into the future, is made easy nowadays. The feature of Tuesday night's Tariff debate was the bold defiance offered by Mr. Hamilton to Mr. Hancock. It had- been previously made apparent that the two H's had been exasperated. Mr. Han cock affects to have reason to believe that the member for Bencligo is wavering in his allegiance to the labor ultra protection ist party. Mr. Hamilton 011 the other hand behoves . that neither extreme pro tection nor ultra freetrade is tlie road by which we are to drive back to prosperity —and many of us hold the same belief, j But he who is not entirely with Sir. Ilan- 1 cock is against him, and he proceeds to I tell him so straightforward and emphatic- 1 ally. Hence when Mr. Hamilton rose bo | proclaim his independence of Mr. Han- 1 cock " or anybody else," the House smiled 1 its edification — all but the labor corner. The indications are that we shall be treated to more than one fierce outburst | before we get to the end of the tariff items. 