FT^H E O T HER LODGER. I BY EDG-AE LEE. ft This is an age of refinement and luxury, and there has lately grown up a new fashion in ghosts. The propaganda espoused by the modern legend-maker differs altogether from|the ghostlore of our fathers and mothers. The up-to- date young man interviews ghosts and permits his hand, guided by invisible agency, to transcribe mes sages from the other world which in many cases are prosaic to a'fault and are certainly never very interest ing. Under these circumstances the romance attached ito the ghosts of a past epoch is rapidly losing its hold on rattles chains and emits thrilling groans is dying out, aiid I, who intend endeavouring to relate in these columns a)perfectly genuine experience, shall, in all probability, hje laughed at as one who' can be easily gulled. i /^Permit me then to say that in the year 1875 I was a rank unbeliever in apparitions. I did believe that at the moment of death the spirit, by some strange power of reflection or transference, was able to make itself seen for a brief instant in any part of the world, but beyond j1'' I 3 — FIBBI LIFT. ' Alili TDGETHEB, BOTS.' ago, much to my annoyance, for it was the one where John Milton lodged, and in which he wrote a part of his ' Paradise Lost,' and it was there that I made the acquaintance of the man who is the chief ^figure in this narrative. . He occupied the parlours and the entire basement. He was a wholesale pipe merchant, a bachelor, and lived a very quiet life, for although I often passed in and out I never saw him save when I knocked at his door once a month to pay him his rent. That the man did very little business was evident, he was living on the wrong side of the narrow thourough fare for that ; and but for the legend of O. Burger, pipe maker, on the little brass doorplate, and two or three fanciful and to me old-fashioned looking pipes in the little parlonr window, I should have supposed the house to be wholly private. One evening I went to see Irving at the Lyceum, and after the theatre I lingered late in the West-End with a friend who had accompanied me, having a nice little supper and a chat at his club, so that it was quite one o ciouit ueiuie a. siijjpcu iud iu buu.ii.t3jr miu me tLvyixuus of No. 16. As I opened the door, however, the passage lamp, which was turned down, showed me, apparently emerging from Burger's room, an old quaintly- attired man, who passed me by and turned down the stairs lead ing to the basemgnt. I muttered a good night and passed upstairs, thinking no more of the incident except to remark to my wife that Mr Burger had a visitor staying with him. Quite a month went by after this, when one evening my wife and I went for a walk round the houses, the children had all been put to bed, and the maid had gone home to see her parents. We strolled past old Bunhill Fields burying ground,. where lie the remains of Bunyan, Defoe, Dr. Watts, and many notables, and round by the City road into Finsbury Pavement, thence home. ' The walk1 could not have taken more than twenty- iive past eight o'clock, it was as yet only dusk. He opened the door after I had knocked twice, and I found him with a lamp in his hand shaking all over, and a face on which abject terror was so plainly stamped that in surprise I exclaimed, ' Why, what's the matter with you P' ' Oh, it's oniv you,' said he, evidently much relieved ?, ' come in.' He said this with his teeth clattering in hin head and a wild hunted look in his eyes, which was a, trifle nerve- disturbing;. ' I regret having intruded on you at a moment when you are clearly upset about something, but I want to know if that old gentleman whom I met in the passago about a month ago is still staying with you?' ' I— I'm afraid he is,' stammeredjtho almost paralysed man, sinking into a heap on the large old-fashioned arm chair, which he had been apparently sitting in before ; 'I'm sorry to say he is. Take a chair, my dear sir; take a chair.' ' Thank you,' said I, sitting down, for I felt that thero was some mystery afoot that wanted unravelling. ' The reason 1 ask is this, that the old man came into my children's bedroom just now while we were out for a walk, and I call it a somewhat unwarrantable liberty.' ' He wouldn't take anything,' ejaculated Mr Burger, you may be sure of that. Still, of course he'd no right to go there at all.' 'Precisely,' said I, ' but I should like to tell him so myself, and have a distinct undertaking from both him, and you that it does not occur again. I don't see what his object can be, unless it's curiosity ; i but as he's frightened one of my children nearly out of his wits, I really must have a very definite understandincr, as I don't care to always lock up the bedrooms, in caso of fire.' Mv Burger eyed me, uneasily fidgeted in the chair, made a little appealing glance at me, and finally said a very curious thing. & — 'AGAINSQ.' ? ' He doesn't often go upstairs, sir ; it might be months before anything like that would happen again. If it should, don't take any notice of him. He won't do you or your family any harm.' - ' What,' I rejoined, ' do you suppose if I pay rent ' for your five upstairs rooms that I'm going to permit'-^ then I stopped suddenly, for my landlord's manner ap peared so little short of imbecility that it struck mo this 5— ' to she goes 1' HS1C fisitor might be some idiot brother -or uncle of his, so I said in a low tone, lest the object of my query might be . in the next chamber, 'Is the old gentleman a little crazy?' ' That's what theysay,' said the landlord/ arousing himself, and . seemingly glad that I had hit upon the solution without- his aid, ' at least I've always thought so.' ' Where is he now ?' . . ' I, I don't {know; I rather fancy he's out.' 'Well,' I said, ' I hope that you will take an oppor tunity of speaking to him and impressing upon him that ? he's not to go upstairs.' . The landlord promised this, and I returned to my rooms. Several weeks flew by after this, and then we went for our August holiday to Yarmouth, returning the first fort night in September. We came home by the train leav ing Yarmouth at '5* 45, and arriving in Liverpool-street at nine o'clock. Consequently as Bunhill row is so near we were home twenty minutes after, and the mnid, who had been to Yarmouth with us, started to light a fire to brew some coffee or tea, while I went down to pay the rent which was overdue. : As I tripped down the stairs I fancied I heard some- i thing behind me, and turning round I perceived the ' ? crazy old man following, on which I hastily moved aside : for him to pass, for I began to think his eccentricity might possess a murderous vein, in which case he would ' have me at a disadvantage, being behind me. He smiled as he. went past and almost brushed mo with his coat, so I determined to speak to him about his i coming into my part of the house. - ; ' You'll pardon me, sir,' I said, ' but may I ask by what right you walk up and down these stairs. Hasn't : 6 ? ' IUGHT t TILI. IN.' Mr Burger told you that '- — -I stopped aghast, for the old gentleman, who had not taken the slightest notice of what I was saying, was.gone, where and how was beyond my divining. ' I stood stock still for a minute, then knocked to Mr Burger's door, and was duly admitted. 'We have re turned from Yarmouth to- night, Mr Burger, and in the meantime the rent day has. come round. I have brought the money down.' ^T^ ' Thanks very much, [but you need not have been in such a hurry,' said my landlord. 'Thopo you had nice weather.' ' Pretty fair for September, ant :now tell me, how is the strange old gentleman getting on'?-' , ' He looked at me very piteousjy, ' and said, ' 5fou have not seen him to- night, surely?;-' 'But that's just what I have dope. He followed me down the stairs this moment, and jiist as he got to your door he vanished as though he were a ghost.' My landlord groaned. ' 'i' 'Precisely what he is,' said: he, 'and that's *here my trouble comes in. The pipe trade* in which I am engaged, has for many years, like everything else in the country, been in the hands of foreigners, with the result that I can hardly earn enough to keep body and soul together. Well, nine years ago I took this house on a long lease with the idea that I could let,- biit :,!? hadn't been in the place a week when I became awareith'at somebody else shared it with me. The noises 'were'Very faint, but there were noises, and they always came .from the basement ; so one morning about two o'clock,i not being able to sleep, I went down with a c'andle;.tq see what it was, when, I as turned the corner of -the stairs, I came face to face with the old gentleman you h-ivc' seen.' ' Dressed in a long and dirty- f a wr[? coat of the time of George II., with knee breeches,; silk stockings, shoes with buckles, and a bob wig ?' . : :- i ?; ' Exactly ; you've described ;himtp a tee. I was so amazed that I nearly let the candle fall;, but he betraying no astonishment, advanced on me,; arid before I knew what had happened had passed through me, and was making for the door of this room;' '? ), ' What did you do ?.' t 'I followed the apparition, -for -. I knew then that it must be an apparition, and saw him.; fade away, so to speak, against the panelling of the dqpr yonder. I next opened the door, after a few* seconds' hesitation, and entered this room, but he wris nowhoife^to be seen.' ' And since then P' , *.' :? ? ':£= ' Why, I've seen him hundreds of iimes, and although i I've grown quite famiiiar- with his] appearance I'm always frightened at him.' ,' -.; - ':';.. ;; ' It is rather late in the ? nineteenth 'century to believe in rrlincf.a lVTv RiTnnrAT T^Ka ri]r\ sm-nA-pef.if.inn tpTioti o spectre affected a particular spot, was- that there was a hidden treasure. Has this ever occurred to you?' ' Well, sir,' said he ; ' it'rdid flash/across me once or twice, but I'm far too unfortunate for^any such luck as you suggest, though God know.s,' hie added bitterly, ' I'm on the verge of bankruptcy q,nd the poorhouse, for a good deal of which I have, to thknk this miserable apparition, as I need scarcely tell you.: that since I took I the house in 1866 not one', of the twenty- two sets of I lodgers to whom I have let i^hd, apartments you at pre- I sent occupy would stay a moment once they learnt the i real character of the unbidden guest.'' i I 'I suppose you kaye never searched in the cellars or I dug down to see !' ' ':. '.. '4 C 'No, I've not,' he laughed ; 'the fact is I've such a \ horror of the old man that j don't' s^ern able to follow him when he beckons me.' $ ;«; ' Oh ! he beckons you, does he ; tliiS; is growing inter esting.' .'/. ;. *:';' ' Yes, and he then goes downstairs^hs'sh — ' and fol lowing the changed direction of Mr Burger's eyes I saw the 'other lodger' standing silently by the door, scanning me intently. .He might h-ve stood there motionless but for his winking eyesj sixj or seven seconds — it might have been less, but such -moments seem a long time when awe has transfixed the brain. Then he t calmly beckoned me, turned round, faced the door, and % melted away into the panelling.' . l^ ' Mr Burger,' said I, ' I ani not a particularly coura- ?'$ geous man, but this is the first spectre I have ever seen, « and I'm going to bottom this thing thoroughly,' saying 3 which I lighted a candle, and, asking my companion to 1 bear me company, I descended to the basement, where | 7 ? PAINTING A POLE. we found no signs of anything living or dead except a lot of empty packages and heavy crates. ' Is there any place lower down than this ?' I enquired. ' Yes,' said Burger, 'an old coal cellar, but it's never been used since I took the house. It's too far down, - and these rooms, originally kitchens, have always been utilised by me as what you see them — storerooms.' ; He took me to the end of the passage, and pointed to a dark stone stairs. I held the candlo high, and thrust it ? forward to peer into the blackness. There at the very ; bottom was the smiling Georgian- gentleman, facing us i and evidently waiting for us to descend into the murky ; cellar. I went down, and I must admit, as he again disap peared through the closed door, I felt a little creepy, but I was also determined to go clean through with it ; so : finding the door locked, and Burger assuring me he had never had a key, I forced it open with a vigorous - ? . 8-rAHC.liAMP IN,PA.TTHB8ON-STBBKT. kick, and entered a perfectly empty cellar. Old coal dust and cobwebs there were in plenty, but no signs of our ghostly guide. Then ensued the most gruesome, ghastly episode of the evening. I felt no particular draught myself, yet the candle I held was suddenly extinguished as though blown out. I could hear Burger's teeth chattering in 9— ADJUSTING CABLES IN STBA1NING WIRES. :Jhe outer darkness, arid I must admit I felt very squirmy myself, ?; While I was seeking for a match and Burger was ;doing the same, there-flashed into existence on the wall ;|?of the cellar a word as clearly defined as though it had :;|jbeen thrown there by an oxyhydrogen ' lantern, and it iiihad round it a halo of light — ' Search.' ;J§ It flickeredj faded, and went out in a few seconds, ^ut. . flit lasted long enough to convince Burger that the ghost jffthis time saw a way , bjit of his difficulties, and meant real ?|busmess^ .'.'?' , * fi The next day Burger and myself went down into that ifcellar with two pickaxes and a shovel and ? but I shall ?|not for certain; obvious reasons enter into details, except §! to say this, that Burger is now a very elderly man, living ?firetired on a small competence at Highbury, and that I ||go up with my family on September 18 every year to . revisit him and crack a bottle of champagne to. the ghost's .^health, for it was on that day that we dug up the cellar i|sfloor and the apparition never troubled the house with -lits presence afterwards. x( You can. quite understand why I don't particularise, 'as there is such a thing as a Government department tl ; 10— WIEES NEAB HEAD ?WOBKB.-: which deals with treasure trove, and we couldn't see then, nor do we sec now, why tho Crown should come in and share the swag, not but what they might in my case, for I lost it all in the Elephant and Castle theatre a few years later, and the only thing I now possess to remind me of that sweet old spectre (here's to his memory) is a perfect spade guinea which I have worn on my watch chain ever since. 