NOTES. OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") There Is a tendency on the part of the Premier to kick bricks in the matter of tho Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill. The old delusion that this is & money or taxing bill has again enfolded hid in its prickly tentacles, and he has been fishing among Parliamentary precedents to get iod for It. Having made one catch, he now announces a full basket. The South Aus tralian Speaker, it seems, ruled that a common member of the Assembly couldn't move to reduce exemptions from income tax because that- would be moving to im pose taxes. Perhaps tho South Australian Speaker was right. The particular bill ho was giving judgment on may have been a taxing one. But that has nothing to do with tho case; neither has the South Aus tralian Speaker's verdict. What Mr. Reid Is dealing with now Is a hill which has been held capable of any amendment. The highest authorities available have settled that point for him, and to beat the ques tion thinner is simply to waste energy and cause premature decay. There was a stage at which he could have got in his line work for all It was worth — that was, when tho decision was given which ho is now com bating. Tho Speaker's ruling could have been challenged, and the whole thing Btralghtly fought out. At that time, how ever, Mr. Reid didn't protest, and it Is too late for him to do so at this. Anyhow, what he Is grumbling about Is a little bit of a side issue, about as important as whe ther ho puts his loft or his right boot on first. There will be no uprising of an in dignant populace if ho gets the Crown to send a platitudinous message to the Speak er, and no vehement outcry if he doesn't. Tho just complaint of Albert William Wall Shing is cried aloud in the Melbourne proas. Shing is a half-caste, his father having been a Chinese and his mother a Londoner. Ho i3 also a cabinet-maker. Lately the Victorian Parliament has been considering a bill which aims at aineliorat- , ing tho lot of people who are sweated in factories and workshops, where shoddy Is made to be sold as best imported. Shing learns that in its patriotic haste Parlia ment is proposing to put certain restric tions en Chinese employers of furnituro- mako'rs, and that "Chinese" means a per son who had a Chinese father or mother. Thereupon he objects, pointing out that ho is a British subject and a member of the defence force, ready to fight for the Queen until his last breath. Many other Chinese half-castes, he explains, are equally wedded to the country, and anxious to bum powder in Its behalf. He has a sood grievance. The aim of anti-foreigner legislation is ob viously not to squeeze out of a chance of living the native half-caste, who Is just as much a Victorian as the descendant of a long line of Warrnambool potalo-patchers. The idea is to prevent him sweating, no doubt. But that practice isn't peculiar to the Chinese. It is more frequently the home-raised, full citizen employer who stuffs his factory with Melbourne girls at a few shillings a week and keeps them going hard on the manufacture of jerry- built cloth&3. Tho heart of the Jingo will throb more quickly than usual, perhaps, over the cabled statement that "Tho United States' squadron in tho Mediterranean will co operate with the British fleet in any action which may be taken with regard to Tur key." It will see in the combination tho advance shadow of an alliance it longs for, and the imagination, that is part of a sys tem with It, will conjuro up blessed pic tures of hands stretching across tho Atlan tic. Faithful prophets, like Lord Brassey, of an English-speaking federation, will also be comforted by it, and rejoice over the impending union that can whip the world if it wants to. The hope is pleasant enough, certainly, to make people catch at it. If there was anything like a definite Aiiinnnn ttrent Britain and the United States the peace of the world would be much more certain than it is now, and the American plan of arbitration would bo more generally resorted to. At any rate, ic would be a mightily good thing for the Britisher, whose war drums need throb no longer, and most of whoso battle flags would be furled. At present it costs more to keep fighting men, and arm them with tho new weapons that come out with tho spring fashions every year, than the fun of seeing them perform and hearing tho bands is worth. It Is cstlmatod this year that the bill for tho taxpayer to foot on account of naval and military affairs will run to a shade over £3G,000,000. In Australasia wo have to put up £91,000 a year for warship keep, which is a large sum In times like this. It would dis tinctly and materially gratify us, there fore, to know that the United States and Great Britain had proved all the claims they've got everywhere by agreeing to deal unitedly with foreigners. A Ministry has been wrecked on the ghost question, heretofore regarded as be yond tho sphere of practical politics, and not a party affair anyhow. This was at Queanbeyan, where the mute inglorious Pitts and Gladstones wile away the tedium of long hot nights with fierce discussions on abstractions. In bush towns most men have seon ghosts. Tho depressing loneli ness of the evening drive those who aro not in society into the bar parlor, and tho whisky of the Interior is mostly tho sort that makes its patron see visions in tho paddocks as he goes home, and find per turbed spirits roosting on his wlndow- sili. Queanbeyan, however, is a cut above the ordinary backblocks town, and its citizens go at things in a philosophic stylo. Thoy believe in ghosts. Leading townspeople havo seen them — two kinds — and Scripture supports them. Scoffers who rospectfully suggested that people who "saw things" were disordered were voted down, and much applause was showered upon witnesses who spun spicy yarns about appearances under circum- stances wnicn suggested mat someone nuu been most foully handled or put into an undesirable coffin, and so was unable to Bleop o' nights. It was a representative gathering, and it voted solid. "On divi sion, tho large attendance decided that ghosts were real, and tho Ministry re signed." Mr. Bow, ex-Minister for Lands in Victoria, has gone tho way of the land- boomer, and his affairs aro being looked into by the Insolvency Court. On Friday, Mr. Dow applied for an unconditional discharge from debts to the tune of £25,- 000, and told what was largely tho old story. Ho got Into a land transaction, and was left "to carry tho baby." Then he went Into others to try to clear him self of his original sin — lost again; dal lied with a gold-saving spcculatiou; floun dered around In land which was for him a quicksand formation, aud eventually took to whitewash. His special injury, the unkindest cut of all, came from tho coun try, however. Aa a Minister, ho had a salary that could bo discounted lor tho liquidation ot household accounts, and to stall off tho "bloodsuckers" who plagued him for cheques. "But," ho says, "no Government ever wont out of olllce so quickly. In two weeks there was a bolt from tho blue, and they never got into recess." This was hard. When a coun try takes a man In hand, and makes him a Minister, ho builds up a comfortablo prospect of expectancy. Tho butcher is at Ills gato with an account that has been rendered to an extent that Is bcnellclal to tho. post office ; tho halter is for evor on his olllce door mat; and various banks that havo advanced more than tho security is worth aro hungry for settlements. Tboso lio will confound by paying tliom out ot his salary. Mr. Dow thought Ills painful case wiuhl got consideration, and that ho would bo ablo to hang on somehow. It was for him a enso of tho Government or tho Insolvency Court. There was a holt from Die blue, and ho bolted up to court. The Presbyterian General Assembly in Melbourne lio3 just had a wrestlo with tho question whether laymen on the "Home Mission" should be allowed to participate in the marrying Industry. It was ex plained that In consequence of Presbyte rians in outlying districts having no or dained minister of their own denomination to marry them, they often went to Wesleyans and othors, whereby the Church sustained loss. One gentleman cannily asserted that If he were about to sacrifice himself on tho altar of matrimony while there was any other clergyman handy he would not aggravate matters by spending money travelling In search of a Presbyterian min ister. And it was argued that a woman generally sticks to tho church In which she gets warded. The counterblast, how- over, was overwhelming, and when it was shown that if a lay Presbyterian could marry a couple In the bush ho might claim to do the same jn the city, a resolution "That In the interests of tho Church the right to celebrate marriages he not granted to home missionaries" was carried by a pretty stiff majority. Apparently, it was deemed better to put up with the loss of a few hush sheep than to havo tho fold Invaded by lay shearers. 