Thre Wrong Foot. "Dat eands dat.'" said a colored man who was brought into the central sta tion the other day as ? suspiciouschar acter. "What?" asked the sergeant. "Dis yere." was thu reply as he pro duced a rabbit's foot ind tossed it con temptuously on the desk. "'Dat ar' de .off himtfut of a rablit.?' "What is it good f rtl" "Nuffin 'tall." "What do you carry it for?" "Eought dat.fut of an o.. KIentucky nigger. who said it would ?e:ap de ghosts off." "Well, hasn't it?" "Yes. die ghosts hain't come, but de purliceman has. Walked right up an' .grabbed me 'frre I knowed it What's de good to keep de ghosts off an' lot de coppers grab ye? Doan' believe in de rabbit's foot no mo'.. :You jist keep it. Doan' want nuffin. in iny pocket dat walks mo in yere an' sen l? up: fursix months." . lowHe Could Recognize a Phtianetplian. STwo men, neither of ,whom was in his shirt sleeves, sat in the cafe at Del monico's and discussed the per.bonality of the various groups eating and diinkt ing around them. The elder of the two was Harold Keenceit, the popolat detective who was the first to get .an the track of the Erie .Railroad, after it ,was stolen by Jim 'Fiske, a?dl tlhe, younger was a well-known up-twlw dealer in detectives' supplies. "Hol easy it isin aplace like this for a shar: witted man of the world like me to tell. almost at a glance, from whlit part of the country a man comes," said Keen cent, blowing a fragrant cloud of smoke from his lips, "but," he added with a knowing smile, "considering the experi ence I have had I would be a rank dufferif I couldn't spot 'em four time. out of five." His companion expressed some doubt as to the detective's ability to do what he claimed, and offered to bet him a bottle that he would make five mis takes in ten attempts. Keencent gladly accepted the wager, and two acquaint ances at an adjoining table were asked to act as umpires. "Well, where is that man over there in the corner from?" The detective calmly took a small but powerful pair of opera glaJses from his pocket, scrutinized the stranger's table and replied, "Cincinnati." "You are right. How did you dis cover it?" "He is eating pigs' feet, ham-sand wiches, and sausage," was the reply. "And that man there with the dark mustache, there by the second window on Twenty-sixth street?" "He comes from Norwalk, Conn." "Right again. Explain." "I've known him for twenty-four years." "Wonderfull And that man with the satchel, there at the fifth table on this row?" "He's a Philadelph?in." "And do you kiowlo ilm also?" "No, but as he came in, and the hall man asked him for his hat, he said, 'Oh, no, stranger, I lost a gi id hat once that way when I went traveling, and you can bet your' severt, file I don't let no Yorker beat :ne ,ot of this one. You folks may think you are mighty smart, but we read the papers where I come from, young feller, and my hat stays just where it is now.'" "Order the bottle," laughed the de-. tective's companion, "for you have fairly won it with three straight hite," and as he spoke the Philadelphian looked around the room with a superior air and ordered "another dish of cream, but with moravanslls thin .strawberry 