YACHTING. YACHTING NOTES. BY GABKET. The disappointment lelt by the announcement that lord flrassey had abandoned his intention of bring ?n- ollt with him 'he famous 20-rater Dragon has been lessened agreeably by the news that a 24-footer, wjth which he intends to enter the racing lists during the coining 6eason, is to be eubstituted for the Dragon. There are many reasons which have doubtless contributed to the alteration in his plans. Carrying so unwieldy and cumbrous a burden as a racing yacht over <K)ft. in length on the decks of the Sunbeam was of course out of the question, and ' n the task of .conveying a. yacht of that size nn nn ocean liner would not be a simple one. Vot only would the freight charges be very heavy-a wealthv man like Ivord Brasscylnight not inind that -but the risk of loss on the 12,000 miles voyage to Australia would be considerable... A stronger " son for the change of plan was no doubt supplied to our new Governor by two members of the Royal Yacht Club of Victoria (Mr. 0. F. Garrard, the vice-commodore, owner of the cutter Awanul, and Dr. Kennedy, owner of the IietA), who are. at present on a visit to the old country. Both these gentlemen cariiod with them letters of introduction to 1/ord Bra'sev, and it is extremely likely that they have convinced him that the -area of competition for a varht of the Draron's prestige is a very limited one, a"d anything like frequent racing out of ihe quea jf we cxccpt the Waratah and the Cooeeana, which areconsideied our ?fastest yachts, there is nothing in our waters that would have the.audocity to haul up a fighting Hag to the Dragon, and those of the other colonies, New South Wales especially, where most of the competitors might be expected to hail from, could lie counted on the fingers of one hand. The jlovat Sydney Yacht Squadron and tlie. Prince Alfred ! Ciiibin the mother colony have between them a good Seel of yachts, even exceeding the Dragon's rating, but like our own' cutter Wanderer they are re garded more as fast ? cruisere than as racing yachts pure and simple, such as the. Dragon 'is. South Australia has, of course, that little wonder, Mr. Wylie's Alexa, which would be game enough to tackle anything double her size; and Western Australia has Mr. Mummery's crack yacht Suiituan, but neither of these, nor Mr. Clarke's long, shallow centreboard Queensland yacht Colarmi, fast as tlier all undoubtedly are, could be expected to do anything with an out-and out racer euch as Lord Era^ev first proposed to brine out with him. U is'therefore evident that Lord litassey has been veil advise t, whoever may have been the source of his information. His decision to bring out a small niter does not necessarily mean that he ha* abandoned his idea of building & lareer yacht on his arrival .here. Indeed, his. action in other uialtera rather strengthens, the idea that he will carry out hie intention in ih»t respect!, and that by bringing out lull-size drawings by one Of the leading designers at home he will aim'from the start to improve the type and encourage the build of a class of craft more in accordance with the latest developments in modem naval architecture. Mr. Lewis Herre^hotf in his admirable article in the Badminton series of "Yachting" issued last year points out tiiat local conditions of weather and sea al *ays covern the type of boat best fitted to their surroundings. That tins is very true is evident from the difference to he observed in the construction of our racing fleet of 24-footecs and those to be seen in Sydney and Brisbane waters. There, owing to the comparatively land-locked waters, the rcantlingB are light ami the sail area large, while the ballast carried to enable them to stand up to their canvas is usually of that description known as " live." Here the exposed condition of our bay renders it necessary that the lioats should be stoutly built and the dead ballast ol sufficient weiitht to tender them safe under any possible contingencies. In light weather, therefore, our boats would not Maud " a ghost of a show " with those of the two colonies mentioned, while in a stiff breeze, with a heavy sea, the i|ualitics of our craft should stand them in good steal. Custom also has a good deal to do with the class cf boat mosi favoured ill particular localities. When a man built a 24-footer here in days gone by, and had sailed her successfully for several seasons, should he wish to dispose of her, he could generally find a pur chaser amongst, the fishermen of the bay, especially if she were cquare-stemcd, experience having proved that that was the handiest Bize and shape for Ihtir calling. A 22-footer was generally con sider; d a trifle too small for the choppy seas so prevalent during the coutinuanoe of southerly winds, while anything over that size was reckoned too long for one man to handle comfortably. Of late years, however, the advantage of a counter for increasinc a boat's length in toiling has lie:oine so universally recognised, that few are built now without it; and although their value for trading purposes subsequently is thus diminished, the yacht hke appearance it gives to the craft seems to be ample compensation. As regards the cost of building a lioat of that de wpiion'.for which so many inquiries have been inane during the pastweek.it is almost hupossible to arrive at nn-exact estimate, owing to Uieaiverse views held as to the method of construction. But if w e take a line through those which have already been {wit, the price is by no o>eans a -prohibitive one. fJT. a hull, say, 24ft. L.W.L., 80ft. over all, oarvel rou t, double-planked, kauri, with keel, stem, and6tern poslsof jtd ,jUn, or box, blackwood'frames, to gether with uiast ana spars, and a good wholesome P'ate, everything of the best material and highest "orkmanBlnp, the cost would run to about £60 or £70. « uic boai was rigged as a pole-mast ed outter, a com-, 1'iete outfit of sails would comprise one racing main ~l''®ne working mainsail, one racing staysail, one staysail, four jibs, one spinnaker, two top S 'Y! ol the l«est cloth-cost <for the 11 sails), £24. wjlast, rigging, Hooks, gear, &o.;, would run to r>ut £10-or a total cost of from £100 to £120. Of wutse, if it was desired to rig the boat as a lugger wou,d be required, but a thiid mainsail ouiti be necessary, which would oonie to about the ?jnie price. The above oomprises the whole cost of a 2,-'oot«r. *4 any yaoht builder would Nj*J^itce to hold her bin'against all corners. M the above estimate oould be considerably modifications either la bull or sails, the ckl? 8 given being the maximum for a high »"d one In which no one need be ashamed J®nicet any imported 24 footer. 