QUIP8. ·- -. MIEN are frequently like tea-the real strength and goodness ars not properly drawn out until they have been in hot water. It desn't make a room any cooler to put a ," around the walls. frgs "rence.-Visitor: 'And what do yon ti. baby ' 'Host: 'Day or night P call You?.e ' taxer: 'How is the earth dive .... convert: 'Between those who have ll i~anu ee who want it.' STheontyl ig a wants, after he get all the mo~uey h'neds, is r The great divide:: SooiaHil , We can't trll 'cotitant reader whatdays are considered unluoky to be marriAd on. Authorities differ; some sa' 305,. The worst eases of incompailtility of temper occur when both parties have the same class of temrer, and plenty of it. To many cooks spoil the policeman. S?May I have the pleasure o fyour company to the opera on Friday nightF' said the Advanced Young Woman to the New Young Man 'LI should be delighted,' replied the timid youth, 'if my papa could go as chaperon ' Jones: ' Bee here, I find there is a five hundred pound mortgage on the property you soldme. You never said anythingabout it.' Smith: ' Certainly, I did. Didn't I distinctly tell you it had all modern improvements ? ' 'I am so glad your sister enjoyed her visit to us, Mr. pmith' Mr. Smith: 'Oh, well, she is the sert of. girl who can enjoy herself almost anywhere, you know.' The girl who runs away to get married will very likely walk home. A sailor is not a sailor when he is a board; a sailor is not a sailor when he is a shore; but he must be either ashore or aboard; therefore a sailor is not a sailor. The man who boasts that he works with his head instead of his hands is respectfully reminded that the woodpecker does the same and is the biggest hind of a bore. Lucy (single): 'Do you think it is wrong to smoke, dear ?' Fanny (married): 'No, dear, I'm sure it isn't.' Luoy: 'Why are you sure ?' Fanny: 'Because my husband doesn't smoke; and if it were wrang I'm sure he would do it' He:.'My views on bringing up a family are--' She: '"Never mind your views, 'll blring'tip the family. You go and bring up the coal ' First physician: 'In this a case that de mniands a- oonsultation ?' Second physician: 'I think it is. The patient is extremely rich.' ' Who steals my purse steals trash;' but the cry of ' 8top thief !' is raised just the same. •.. , A eGerman student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as follows:-' The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' Where there's a will there's generally a row. Wife: ' Why, Charles, what do you meau by burning our old love letters?' Husband ' I have been reading them,'my dear, and it occurred to me that after I dio someone who wished to break my will might get hold of them and use them to prove I was insane. Friend (after tea): 'Your little wife is a brilliantly handsome woman.. I should think you'd be jealous of her.' Host (confiden tially): ' To tell you the truth, Simpkins, I am. I never invite anybody here that. any sane woman would take a fancy to.' -Little Grace had very curly hair, and it was a great trial to her to get it combed. One day during this process she was. crying and making a greater disturbance than usual, when her mother said, 'What will the neighbours say when they hear yon making such anoise?' Pausingn her weeping, she replied; 'They will-esy, "Why don't that woman i?pank that child '? ' . ; The woman who thinks before she speaks has to be a lightning thinker. 'Prisoner at the bha?rg,'i said the j·udge, 'is there anything you wish to say before sen tence is passed upon. you?' 'No, jedge; there is nothin' Icare to say,, butr? f you'll' clear away the tablaes anditheirs fed me0to thrash my lawyer, you can give me a year or two extry.' Wiggins: ' My boy, if you live beyond your ineowe you are boundto come to grief.' Spendit: 'My deiar fellow, if I had to live within it I would be miserable even Made a Differenee.-Chase (to dentist): 'I won't pay anything extra for gas. Just yank the: toothi out; even iffit ;does. hart-ra little.' Dentist: 'Imust say you are veryl plucky 'Just let me see the tooth.' Chbasei 0h,iI haven't;got any toothache; it's Mrs.! Cbase. She'll be here in a minute.'.... "M amani: ?Y kid sad ouc. little ijsitors are doing pothin' but sittie arQund s4okin miserable:- -*h y donet ou plasomethin Little Daughter :. '.We is layinta ...'lIay* ing what?. 'We".is 'playin' that'. we is gr owed up. ' -'John'; said the minister,' 'will-you 'take this woman-to be .our-wedded wife ?' 'Now, here, parson, what's the use ,of asking ques tiones likethat?. What do you suppose I'm after, a divorce ?' . Philanthropio Merehant.-' A poor fellow came to me this morning, asking .for food, as he said he was- starving.'.; I- sent him.downi' to your restaurant and told him to-get a good square meal, and I would payforit. How much is the bill? Restaurant keeper: 'Two ahillinge.' -Philanthropic. merchant: 'What are the itemsP~' -..Restaurant keeper: 'Nine beers and a cigar.: A neighbour'being dangerously ill, a lady sent her new:makid over toinquire as to her condition. ,'Inquire how-.Mrs.-- is, and if she is dead ask when the funeral will be.' Theiservant in'i fewminutes returned, saying 'Mrs. - is better. and they cannot tell when the funeral will be.' - Little Isabel's mother had very injudici ously allowed her to drink weak tea with her meaie.instead of milk. One day Isabel wis taken out to lunch -at. a. friend's house,- and the friend, never dreaming that a child-could driink anything. other than milk, placedi it before baher in a broad, low, fancy caup,- The child gazed at the milk in silence for awhile, 1 and thin astonished her hostess by remark- l ing diedainfully, tI aire no eat.' . .. One'of thetbeat stories told by Dean Hole in :'hi,' Memiories' -is of an; old- fashioned cathedral-verg?r, 'lord of 'the aisles,' who, one noon, found a pious visitor on- his,knees in the etered edifice.. The verger 'hgstened up to him and-said, in 'a itone of. inidignant excoitement, 'The- services in thin cathedral are at 10 in the morning and at 4 in the. afternoon, and we don't have no fancy. pra era.' ' ' The pleasures of rsatio life are thus summed upi by a cynical.philosopher :-' It is great fun to live aon a farm, unless you have to.' First little girl. (proudly): 'We are goin'. to Europe this summer.' eeeond little |girl (ontemptuously): 'Pooh! Ve shunst came from deie ' , Energetio politician: ' Here's a pretty, mess ! I've beeninvited to deliver'a speech on bimetalliom' Friend: 'Well, what's the matter with that?' ' E.P.: 'I coan't. My privato secretary says he doesn't know any- thing about it' 'What should a fallow say,' poked the young man, axiously,' 'when hie Wife asks im if he would marry again if she were to die ?' ' Say nothing, of course,' answered the elderly adviser.. 'If he says he would she'll think, he, doesn't like her. If he announces'his'intention of staying single she will have the idea lie istired of matrimony ' Judge : The proscntor swears that you hit him twice uponthe nose.' Have you any denial to make P' Defendant: ' Tis, yetrr haner; Oi hir hims but wanet upon th' nose Th' eicond toime 01i hit him where- his nose hod bin ' Impatient tourists to small boy fishing in the lake: 'You told us the boat always left here at 4, and. we have waited now till past 6.' Boy: ' Oh, it doesn't begin to run till June!' 