RAPID RAILWAY TRAVELLING. I {Sydney Morning Herald.) It ia fitting that al the close of tho (jreat International Congress of railway authorities thc astounding progress which has been achieved in recent yours in rogard lo rapid raliway travelling should bc demonstrated in Hie maimer reported in our cables of yester- day and tO'duy- Thc keen competition between the rival companies of thc ola world has resulted in every effort being made to attain thc highest possible rate of speed, and thus at various intervals wc hear of journeys being accomplished iu a space of time uu thought of a few years before. Tho world's record established on Wednesday by a run of 540 miles from London to Aberdeen iu 638 minutes, or an average speed of more thau 00 miles an hour, will come as a revelation to those who have not watched the progress in the railway systems in different countries. The previous record of £8 miles an hour wus the outcome of thc now historical races between London and Glasgow in August, 1888\. These races were thc result of a notification by the Great Northern Company that the run would be accomplished in eight hours. For a whole month, the time of each journey lou fraction was recorded, and the trials aroused considerable public interest. Thu highest speed attained during these races was 58 miles au hour, including a stoppage of li minutes. Un portions of the journey, of course, where favour- able coutitry was met with, the Bpecd was very much increused. Fur iu>tuncu, it is rc cordell that a stretch of fivu miles of level country was covered ut thc rate of 76J miles an hour-one mlle alone only occupyiug 474 seconds. For rapid railway (ravelling lhere is no couutry in thu world to compare w ith England ; but then it must bc remembered that the difficulties to bc encountered in other parts of the world, notubly America, ure uot experienced in Eugluud. Iiy careful returns which have been prepared in reference to thc spc.ds of the express trains un the difiercut lines in Englaud, it hus been shown that, ut least, nine-tenths travel at thc standard rate of 40 miles per buur, inclusive of stoppages ; whilst thc remaining leulb fall short of this average on account of thc exceptionally hilly n'iture of thc country passed through. Thc runuiug averages atiuiued by thc best daily expresses al thc leading English lines are as follows:-Midland Railway, l.diuburgh ex- press, 50j miles per hour ; Great Northern Kailway, Y/ork express, 56¿ miles per hour ; North- western best express, 53} miles per hour; Great Western best express, 50 miles per boar; London aud South-western, 45 miles per hour ; North-eastern, 538 miles per hour. The total distance covered daily by express trains on the Great Northern lines ¡B 9544 miles at a ruuuiog average of 47 miles per hour. Tho Scotch express ser- vice of thc Midland Railway Company, total- ling 4045 miles, is accomplished at an average of 42J miles an hour, iuclusivu of stoppages, or ibl miles per hour running average. The highest speed attained ou ttiis linc for a long distance is 47 miles per hour on tho journey from SL Puucras toCarlislc. Onuof thc fastest trips on the North-western Company's line is the journey from Euston to Carlisle which is covered ut a running average of 4GS miles per hour, or, wilh stoppages, 42} miles per hour. On the Continent of Europe the rate of railway travelling is very much slower -in fact, to attain an averago speed on an express of 30 miles an hour is regarded as a magnificent feat. In the Uniled States lite English standard for fast through trains of 40 miles per hour is being generally adopted, aud returns recently compiled go to show that 13,956 miles are daily covered by express trains at the rate, inclusive of stoppages, of 41{ miles per hour. 1 he express services iu the States appear to be exceptionally uniform, the two extreme averages being 40 and 44 miles per hour. The highest averages attained for a comparatively short distance is 50'6 .niles per hour. In taking these figures into consideration, however, it must ba borne in mind that the railway companies in the States have to face ia number of disadvantages which aro absolutely unknown in Englaud ; indeed, muny of thc almost formidable difficulties which have been overcome in the construction of lines may welt bu rcgardod us triumphs of engineering skill. Tho Canadian ruilways maintain ubout the same apced as those in the States, thc average speed of express traius for thc whole of the linej being 41 miles per hour. The railway systems af Aus- tralasia, especially that of iv cw South Wales, compare very favourably, taking all things into consideration, with those of Englaud aud America. The speed of express trains of ten reach 40 and even 50 miles per hour. Returns prepared a few years back, and which have not been materially altered since, give tho following speed on iustralUn rail- ways :-Adelaide to Melbourne, South Aus- tralian portion of the linc, running uveragc 32jj miles per hour, or, inclusive of stops, 29| miles ; Victorian portion ol road, runuiug average 32 miles, or with slops 2SJ miles ; Melbourne to Sydney express, Victorian portion, running uveragc 37 miles, or with stops 33 miles ; Kew South Wales portion of line, ruuniug average 34 miles) with stops 31 miles. Since the completion of these returns, however, the journey between Melbourne and Sydney hus becnacceleratedbyabout20 minutes. Although at the first glance these figures may appear to compare unfavourably with the rates of speed at home, a different complexion will be placed upon the question when the steep gradients to be contended with here are taken into con- sideration. For instance, on the line from Melbourne to Sydney an assent of 2069 ft. is ?net with at Mittagong, and then a docliuc of 2000 ft. in 77 miles occurs. Again, on thc Adelaide to Melbourne line the train ascends from 100ft. to 1415ft. above sea level, again falling to 32 ft. at Melbourne. In tho opinion of the railway authorities here it would not be possible for thc colonial trains to run at the same speed for a long distance os they do at home. Every effort has been made by the English railway companies to obtain practically level lines ; and grades of one in thirty for express train service, which have to bc contended with on the Australian lines, would be looked upon with almost horror by the railway men in England. Special trains have been run at different times ut rates up to 50 miles an hour on the New South Wales railways, but rociug speeds have not been attempted. One trip recently made from Moss vale td Sydney, a distance of 86 miles, was accomplished, with stoppages, in under two hours-an average of over 43 miles per hour-portions of the level rood being covered at tho rate of over 50 miles per hour. In addition to the heavy grades thero arc olher disadvantages under which colonial railway authorities have to labour, so much of the linen herc are single as against the double and quadruple Hues in Englaud, thus curtailinir speed to u considerable degree. And then the fact that lhere arc dining-cars on the English express trains, removing thc necessity for twenty minute und half-hour stops, must uot bc lost sight af in comparing the railway systems of England and Aus- tralia. Again, thc English express trains do not require to stop to fill tho boilers, as, owing lo un ingenious contrivance, water is taken iu whilst travelling, wheress thc Australian expresses are compelled to carry largc^ quantities of both coal and water. The great speed attained by trains on thc English lines is due also to a great extent to the fact that specials are run as rapidly as possible bctwecu two great centres such as Lpndon und Edinburgh or London and Liverpool. The population of the Australian colonies is of course too sparse to warrant thc running of expresses of this description, thc lines being dependent to a p-rcat degree upon intermediate traffic. Thc ibsenee of competition, too, doubtless has lad some effect ; but, alt things being taken nto consideration, it will be admitted that tho Australian railways oompare very uatis actorily with those of other parts pf the vorld. The Japanese believo in ghosts, and picto-l ¡ally represent them as pale-faced women, I nm nair hanging over their eyes. | 