THE SUBURBAN GHOST CHASED BY A CONSTABLE. Somo uneasiness haa been created among residents of Richmond by the appoarance of tho misohievous idiot who has been figuring in the northern suburbs. The "ghost" was seen in three different part of Riohmond on Friday night, it movements being characterised by a remarkable celerity of pace. The first intima tion regarding it was received from a youth who was badly frightened iu a small, dark thoroughfare branching off Punt-road, opposite the Riohmond crickut ground. He state that he first observed in the distance tho figure of a man ia a soft blnck hat and big overcoat of tho s%me color, moving along nt about tho paoe of a bicyclist. When within about 10 yards of him tho figure whirled round and, throwing open the great coat, exhibited the words, "Prepare to meet thy doom" in luminous paint. The youth, aghast with fright, stood motioulcss, while the figure it sped noiselessly towards the Yarra Park. Half an hour later — a few minutes to 12 o'clock— tho night watchman in tiiinpson'-road felt some thing whisk past him at great speed,. and saw a dark object disapponr into a thorough- faro on tho opposite side of the street lie fol lowed, and was just in timo to seo it scale a fence over 6 feet high Later on Constablo Conroy encountered tho same figuro at the iinterseotion of Highett aud Lennox street, North Richmond, but it darted off into Separation-street at. a speed that is estimated by the constable at 20 miles an hour. Convoy as soon uh the figure moved guessed what it was, and called out, " Stop, or I'll fire," but tlio throat was unheeded. He stato:, "I was well , within shooting range, but I had no revolver with me. The figure socmed to move along in loaps and hounds of from 12 to 15 feet, making no sound boyond a slight clinking from oiuoching attached to its foot or legs. I rati my hardest,- but I was outpneed after I had gone about 100 yard. I saw the object draw up near a gas lamp, a quarter of a mile ahead, nnd I got within 25 yard of it, again oalling out, ' If you don't stand I'll fire.' In a moment tho object had disappeared from view." It is geuorAliy believed that the masqucrader's rate of speed is duo to an apparatus after the principle of roller skate, with pneumatio tiree to the roller. 