TEE REUNION OF CHRIS- TENDOM. REPLIES TO PRIOR V AUG HAN. DR. JEFFERIS OUT "THE RE- ENSLAVEMENT OF CHRISTEN- DOM." At the Brougham - place Congregational Ohuroh on Sunday the Rev. Dr. Jefl'sris undertook to reply to certain authoritative utterances by two leading Roman ecclesiastics—Cardinal Morau and Prior Vaughan— touohing the reunion of Christendom. After speaking generally of attempts made to accomplish the reunion of Christendom, Dr. Jefferis went on to eay:— "The Pope pioposes the reunien of Christendom. I have carefully considered the terms propounded, and I say the Pope requires the re-enslavement of Christendom. When free men unite it is to respect eioh other's opinions, to o&er; honourable compromise, to join as far as may be on equal terms. l>et us. eee what the Australian Cardinal and the English Prior are offering their fellow-Christians on behalf of the Bishop of Rome. The Cardinal, indeed, declares that while in matters of faith there can be no compromise in matters of ciisoipline the l'ope oonld make concessions if he pleases. And so Anglican orders the validity of Epieoopal ordination, a married priesthood, and worship in English instead of iiatin. These oould be dealt with on their merits, as the Pope might think fitting. As for all the graver questions in debate, the infallibility of the Pope, the oaltuB of the Virgin Miry, the invocation of saints, indulgences from the fire of purgatory, masses for the dead—these and a number of other articles of belief at present rejected by the Protestant Churohes most be accepted implicitly. The Prior declares that nothing which appertains to the essence.of the Church might ba altered—that the constitution, authority, and saoraments are immutable. Auricular confession would be insisted on. The Holy See might possibly make concessions, but it would be on matters not deemed of vital importance. He dees not think, as the Cardinal seemB ID, that clergymen should ba permitted to marry. Only it is not unlikely that the Holy Father would graoiously allow those already married to retain their wives and ohildren. As for - the young priests, they are to aocept celibacy. Ties whioh the Apostle Peter formed the successor of tit. Peter condemns. They most dwell apart without wife or child or home. I shall not attempt to follow Prior Vaughan in his wild statement that 240,000,000 of people are united in the Papal Church 'as one man.' But a werd needs to be said. Does he include the Italians in Rome ! I once saw Pius IX. performing High Mass in the Chureh of San Carlo Borvomeo. He was guarded against attaoke from his own Soman subjeots by a triple file of Boldiera with fixed bayonets, ranged from the door of entrance to the very steps of the altar. United as one man ? Surely the Prior has never been to Italy, or Germany, or re Eranoe, or even Spain. In the very heart of Roman Catholicism there is revolt, deep and deadly against Papal rule. And I beg you not to trust implicitly to the Prior's residing of history. The Rev. HaBkett Smith has characterized it as 'aupirb audaoity.' We mav agree with him in his estimate of Henry VIII.; but when he lauds Queen Mary and evidently regrets the failure of the Armada, when be traduces Queen Elizabeth, and sneers at her with a, bit of unpriestly witticism, and when, coming with a bound to our own times, he asserts that Lord Halifax and the English people are longing to be reunited with the centre of Christendom, we see at once that he knows little of the mind and temper of the English race. I must leave it for those who can apeak with greater authority than myself to say whether the High Church Party has accepted 'almost all the doctrine and oven the ritual of the Papal Church ;' whether there are over 3,000 clergymen and thirty Anglican bishopa united in sympathy with Lord Halifax, endorsing 'the humble, beautiful, and spiritual letter' which he is said to have 'plaoed at the feet of the Vicar of Christ.' But I venture to express the opinion that while the High Church Party has followed too closely the ritual of Rome, and has adopted some of the doctrines whioh our fathers of the Reformation repudiated and put away, yet that the greater number of the clergymen and a yet larger proportion of their followers are stoutly opposed to Papal domination. In their dreams of reunion with the Roman Churoh they have notdreamt of submission to an infallible Pope. Of the Broad Church and the Evangelicals, and ef the Christian seots outside the Episoopal (these last alone numbering mora than one-half the nation), I oan speak with greater confidence. They would as soon think of rendering civil obedience to the Czar of Russia as of rendering spiritual obedience to the Bishop of Rome, tfy contention then is that the reunion. of Christendom upon the terms haughtily proffered by the Pope would be ' the re-enslavement of Christendom. Three centuries and a half ago our anoestors broke the fetters forged in an evil time. We are asked to return to the spiritual bondage of the middle agea. Listen to the great historian of English literature— ' From the fourth century gradually the dead latter was substituted for the living faith. Christians resigned themselves into the hands of the elergy, and the olergy into the hands of the Pope. Christian faith was reduced to the accomplishment of works, and works to the accomplishment of oeremocies. . . . In plaeeof Christianity the Ohurohvin plaoe of free belief an imposed orthodoxy, in plaoe of heart and energetic thought external and mechanical discipline. Tbese are the characteristics of the middle ages. Under this constraint a thinking society had oeased to think, and mankind, slothful and orouohing, made over their opnsoienoe and their conduct into the hands of their prieats, and were as puppetB, capable only of reciting a cateohism and qhanting a hymn.' Do you aay the middleages are gone forth, and with the spiritual domination of the priesthood. My reply is that the claims now advanced by the Papaoy are greater than they were when IiUther renounced his allegianoe. In deolaring the infallibility of the Pope at the (Ecumenical Counod of 1870, in asserting that he is the one mouthpiece of th Holy Ghost, Rome arrogates for him a divine authority whioh Hildebrand and Innocent dared not say was theirs when kingdoms were at their feet. Listen to Mr. Gladstone, a High Churchman—' The Rome of the middle ages olaimed universal monarchy. The modern Churoh of Rome has abandoned nothing, retracted nothing.' Wearenotooncerned to-night with the doctrines of the Papacy. We are to look at it rather in regard to its polity, its government, and the relation of this to the civil power, the bearing of this on Australian oitizenship. Your attention ia invited, not to its creeds, or its discipline, or its methods of worship, but to one great feature ot its polioy, whioh I deem to be antagonistic to the freedom which is the inalienable heritage ef the sons of .Britain. In our days, and among those who have won for themselves the largest results of truth, and the fairest fruits of civilization, there is no principle more settled, more eagerly held, more constantly acted on than the right of peoples to govern themselves. The divine right of lungs was buried in the tomb of George IIL _ - If you will but fairly consider those revolutionary efforts that are being put forth in Europe, you may discern under all extremes of sooialistio opinion and anarchio action ths resolute determination of the people themselves to aahieve their own destiny. It is the last teaching of the new political philosophy and, may I say it, of the old gospel of Christ. It oomes to us as the ripest result of experience and as the truest exposition of the words of the Master. ' The despot, the autocrat, the dictator, the unconstitutional monarch belong to an age that is effete. Her in Australia we are fully resolved to govern ourselves. Civil freedom is the breath ot our nostrils. How, then, shall we explain the anomaly that in the religious sphere it is with many so different. They belong to a Church where constitutional liberty such as they demand in civil life must not be dreamt of. There they reoognise a human authority to whioh they must' render implioit and unquestioning obedienoe. All real power is vested in the clergy. The laity have no share. If the head of the vast organization is a single man, endowed with almost unlimited power, he is the supreme autocrat, the infallible teaohnr, the divine arbiter in faith and morals, and in all the multitudinous questions arising about these in social and political life. That unquestioning gbsdience to such an autoorat is paid by men of British blood ie something to wonder at. The wonder deepens when we find that this absolute monaroh is not of British race. He is not one of us either by birth or affinity. He. belongs to a race, olever indeed and quick-witted, who when they had lost the mastery of the world by failure of martial courage, won back their ascendasoy by playing on superstitious fears. This Italian race, descendants of those degenerate Romans, have not been trained to freedom, although of late they have become free. The clerical party among them, accustomed to subservience, know nothing of the spirit,of liberty, nothing of the methods of cosstitutional government. Into the hands of a man of aueh a race, of suoh a party, we British Christians are asked to place ourselves with unquestioning submission. Christians who, above all others ought to be free, British Christians who ought to be the freest of free men, are asked to confide their spiritual interests, which ought to be dearer to them than life, to this alien despot. I have read of Australian councils held touching the government of . Australian men, and of the decisions of suoh councils being transmitted to Rome to be approved or condemned by an Italian ruler We are happily free from saoerdotal usurpations, free from the terrors of ecclesiastical tribunals. Bnt if any large seotien of our countrymen bow with servility before the repreeentati™ of a foreign autocrat, or yield passive obedience to a supreme arbiter of faith and morals, we get within the Churoh a danger that menaces the State. One would have thoughtthatloneaeotheChnrob of Christ would have risen in righteous scorn against suoh baseless authority, would have cast off a yoke fit only for children or for men in the infancy of knowledge. National protest has indeed been signally delivered. Of the great nations which four centuries ago rendered obedienoe to the Pope one only, boastful, indolent, superstitious, yields herself without condition. Spain, the benighted, is still the darling daughter of Kome. But Italy is in rebellion, France is defiant, Germany is hostile. England through all her history has brooked with ill-concealed impatience an alien ecclesiastical rule. To-day 'she treats the supercilious advances of the Papacy with courteous contempt. There is little danger that Victoria will follow the example of Jahu or Mary or James II. As for Australia, who dreams, save Prior Vaughan, that she will be oontent to be ruled in spiritual affairs by nn old-world conclave sitting on the banks of the Tiber? We belong to the new world. There is no place fer either civil or spiritual despotism among the Australian people." 