AT FAULT. BY ! HAWLEY SMART. Authoe of ' Bbeezie Langton,' j ' Broken Bonds,' ' Social Sinkers,' ' The Gheat 1 Tontikk,' etc. CHAPTER XY11. — SERGEANT USHER VISITS THE HOPBINE. Sergeant Usher occupies a second floor in Spring Garden. It is handy to tbe Yard, and ?to a good many other places which arc in ?the ordinary routine of the Sergeant's busi ness; railway stations like Charing Cross and Victoria within easy distance, Marylc bonc, Bow-Btreet. and Westminster police -courts epectally come-at-able, to pay nothing *-f the Seven Dials, Drury Lane, fihort'u Westminster, all, so to speak, being under ?the Sergeant's own eye. Mr Usher iB a bachelor, he has a mean opinion of the other sex, probably consequent on had treatment received at the hands of one of them, although he professes it to be founded on 'professional experiences. A profound be uever Mr Usher in tbe theory of cherrkez la fen ime. A woman he contends is at the bottom of most crimes, and when puzzled by an intricate case the Sergeant invariably takes it that a woman, as yet undiscovered, is the probable motive-factor. Having no fair partner to share his home the Sergeant is constrained in a great measure to do for himself, and a defter bachelor is seldom come across. Having let himself into his lodgings with his latch key after hiB usually noiseless fashion on his return from Bunbury, the Sergeant pro ceeded to light the fire, throw off his toots, and then, in the easy deshabille of slippers and shirt sleeves, looked in the cupboard for a gridiron and a couplc of chopB ; these obtained, and the tiro by this having suffici ently burnt up, Mr Usher proceeded first to hmil his nhniw. and then to consume them with the adjuncts of bread, pickles, etc.. all furnished by the same inexhaustible cup board. Leaving the clearing up to the charwoman next morning, Mr Usher next produced a bottle of \vhi6ky, put the kettle oa the tire, and having lit a long clay pipe sat down to smoke an-J ruminate over this Banbury case as far as be had carried it. ' It is a queer business this,' he muttered to himself, and it certainly begins to look awkward for Foxborough, *' and a ct, after all, tbe strongest evidence against him is him self. If he is not guilty, where is he ? and Usher, my friend, 1 don't mind owning to you in confidence that's 'a rum un.' If any body had told me a man like James Fox borough could openly leave Bunbury for London, be wanted within twelve hours, and have apparently vanished into space. I'd have called him a noddy ; but we can't find a trace of him from the time he left Ban bury platform. Until that girl recognised the dagger to-day, I was beginning to sus pect vrc were in search of the wrong Fox- j borough ; and yet, if that is so, wh3' -ioes not James Foxborough comeforward? Even one's talking about this murder ; he must have heard he's accused of it, and to prove an alili if he was not the man at Bunbury must be as simple as falling off a log. lt'6 perhapB a little early to speak, but it strikes me as somewhat odd that the theairical agents seem all abroad about him as tbe manager of touring country companies ; they Seem to know nothing about him in that line, and yet any man who has anything to do with that sort of business is pretty well knows right through the profession. * No, this murder — and 1 feel pretty clear now that it is a murder— is, as Mr Squeers Baid of natur1, 'a rutn un.' The why of it and the where of it ? for it is not at all cli ar to me that FOBsdyke was killed in his bed room. Tm caudid, very ; but 1 did not let oa to Dr. Ingleby that my theory coincided with his, and that the man was stabbed in the sitting-room . I reckoned up that room, too, bat could make nothing out of it ; the leaving the dagger in the wound, whether done by accident or design, of course stopped the effusion of blood ; etiil it is curious there were no traces whatever of it. Shrewn man, old Ingleby ; his theory about the direction of the wound had stuff in it.' And here Mr Usher refilled his pipe and mixed himself a jorum of hot whisky and water. 6taring into the glowingcoals, and pufling forth heavy clouds of smoke, the Sergeant resumed his argument : ' There's that letter, the key to tbe whole business I'd lay my life if 1 could but come by it, but that's not likely now; Fo6sJ\ke probably destroyed it. Miss Hyde, now — I shouldn't wonder if lhat girl could throw some light upon the affair if she chose. She frm-H heard and knew something of James Foxborough before the murder, I'd bet my life, but she's not the young woman to com liei-aolf T funrv. rtnAPKP IftV llflld of Foxborough and; he is identified with the man at the llopbine. it is simple enough, but as things stand at present no jury would find him guilty of murder, in my opinion. To think him so, and find him so, are two different things in the mind of a juror, and in this case he'd be right. The evidence, if awkward, ie not conclusive as vet. Bat how are we to get at Foxborough / Privately I own I'm beat. Watching the house in tbe Regent's Park neighborhood is no good—he has never been near it yet, and ie not likely to make for that now. I'll see the watch is taken off to-morrow— it's use less, and leaving tbe nest unguarded might perchance snare our bird. A man like Fox borough would be well supplied with money and brains, and with them a man ought to beat all Scotland Yard in London. If we don't come upon James Foxborough in a few davs I shall begin to feel pretty confi dent that he is the man we waut, but as vet I've not quite made up my mind about it. Nice old man about a town that Totter* dell. Shouldn't wonder if he don't cause a murder or so before he dies. A daft, diffuse gabbler like that sets people pretty wild at times, and leads to the cutting of the wrong throat. Bough, rough, very rough — just like turkeys— we never kill the old gobbler who makes all the cackle, but some of his un fortunate followers who are weak enough to listen to him, and with this profound moral reflection Sergeant Usher knocked the ashes oat of bis pipe, finished his whisky and water, and took himself off to bed. That a Coroner's jury had returned a ?verdict of ' Wilful murder against James Foxborough ' did not go for mock in the eyes of Sergeant Usher ; people were cijihcr hang nor sentenced on the direction of a Coroner's jurv. aud a conviction that had not that result was a m*re blank cartridge affair compared to a regular battle in the Sergeant's eves. This man was sn enthusiast in his vocation— he was not one whit LL)i*d thirsty, he had no craving for any extreme sentence against the unfortunate he had brought face to face with the gallows, but he was keen for a conviction. It was the pride of a logician who desires to sec his carefully thonght-out argument endorsed. He was like that famous historical dog— the pointer who in a game-abounding country did his devoir so nobly* but whose miserable employer missed Ehot after shot and brought nothing to hand. How that animal at last put its tail between its legs, roused the welkin (whatever that may be) with its howl, and fled disgusted to its kennel, is it not recorded in the ' Lies about Dogs,' lately published by the Society ' Ani mated Fiction.' 6ergeant Usher was much like that noble ana hardly tried pointer ; when juries re fused to 4-run straight' and convict the ouarry be had marked down and brought to their notice, the gallant officer also betook himself to his private apartments in deep dudgeon, not, as T have already said, from any tierce thirst for his victim's annihila tion, but that his carefully worked-out chain of reasoning should be deemed inconclusive was gall and wormwood. Was is not Hazlitt who taid in reference to the tumultuous end in e of some stormy disputation, ' The Mow was nothing, and you'll admit I had the best of the argument-.' That wa# .Ser geant Usher's case rxactly ; if yon refused to put faith in his inductive theory he was disgusted, bat to do him justice no man fjer was more sceptical of evidence or sifted it closer, and if* that done he had satisfied him self, he was unmistakably annoyed if others did not arrive at a similar conclusion. The Press and the public meanwhile have no Zittle to say about the lethargy and inefficiency of the police. No allowance is ? ?« nf f-mr.lrinff a culurit who lias once gained the shelter of thU yjgq-n mp wacren of London with itsmultipli -ity of burrow. The hunted deer is usually when he gains the herd and that is pretty much the case of the criminal who has once reached the metropolis, always premising two things, that he ha® command of money 9nd £ji so recognised oclt of tpe JJedonia® of Babylon, iii which latter case he suffers utuJor tho great {vantap: uf l:ifl h.iunts, habits, and person beinu known to i.br police io the first plrce, and the chaucc of being realis-xl bv hisoomraiesin the second, that is, betrayed for the r- ward. -. Still the public, and the Pnss as the echo of the public thought, are ever feverishly anxious for the apprehension of the hero of a sensa tional crime, and no journal ha6 yet even hinted that has takeu placc. The Sergeant nest morning awoke clcar and cool-headed as ever. Having dressed and liuished his breakfast- he sat down to carefully study the report of the inquest in the morning paper, aud as he smoked his pipe and thought over this he slowly arrived ai{a definite conclusion. Placing tiic arrest of Foxborough on one side, where was there any probability of obtaining a cluc to the true storv of this crime ? Was it to be discovered in Tapon Cottage ? He thought not ; if Fox borough was tbe murderer, he fancied Iijb wife and daughter were in complete ignor ance of any motive that could have possibly l-'d to it.. No, it was not to Tapton Cottage that he must look for information. He could hardly expect to derive assistance from them in any caBe, but the Sergrant came to the conclusion that they could tell him little even if they would, there were fourclianncls h* reckoned from which it was possible in spiration might spring. First, and foremoBt that letter which had'taken John Fossdyke to Bunbury could it but bo eome by ; se condly, he had a strong idea that Miss Hyde could tell something about James Foxborough if she would; thirdly, he could not help imagining that those rooms of the Hopbine must be able to t-ell something if closely in terrogated. He was haunted with the idea that they had not as yet been thoroughly investigated, and yet he himself bad ex amined them narrowly ; and, lastly, be bad o vague idea that the wearisome creature Totterdell, as Mr Usher mentally dubbed him, might have soniethine ot importance to toll, could one but get at it; only to be arrived at, thinks the Sergeant, by listening to 6ome hour*! of blethering and by much ?judicious questioning. It therefore became quite evident to Sergeant Usher that Baumborough must be his headquarters for the present. The apprehension of Foxborough lie must leave to his brethren as far as London went, bnt the niceties of the case he feels convinced are only to be worked out through the four channels indicated, and he is fain to confcs6 that they seem to promise but little in formation. Still the Sergeant has unravelled skeins tangled as this in his time when the kcy of the puzzle looked quite as unattainable He possesses the chkf qualities of a scientific Investigator, patience, coolues6 and a natural inductivc reasoning, and, though admitting to himself that things do not look promising, resolves to start for Baumborough as soon as he ha6 conferred with his chief in Scotland Yard. Sergeant Usher's arrangements are speedily made, and that evening 6ecs him once more in Baumborough. One of the first, visits hi* pays is to Doctor Ingelby. He is admitud atonce, but the Doctor receives him with a shake of the lii-ad. ' You have come in the vain hope that letter might have been discovered, but 1 am sorry to say it has not, and I tell you fairly that I think that there is little or no chance of comit.g upou it now. All likely places have been overhauled without a 6ign of it. Mrs Fossdyke and Miss Hyde, although neither of them had read it over, were both positive it was quite a short note and agree in thinking ic was probably destroyed. ' From the account of tho scene at the breakfast-table,' continued Doctor Ingl -by, ' 1 have no doubt you are quite right in the estimate jou put upon that note. It was a ffOOrl dpB.1 mnri' thnn an invitation to dinner no doubt ; men ar* not agitated in the way poor Fossi} ke ie described to have been by notes of that kind. 1 presume that if he bad it about him it would have been found at the Hopbine.' '? HiB clothes and effects, you see, 6ir. were searched by Inspector Thresher before I got there, and, bear in mind, it was not till I went over to Dyke with you that I ever heard of that icttcr. I looked the room pretty carefully over, but it is true it was more with a view to discovering some trace of A struggle or obtaining some evidence bearing oa the actual perpeiration of the crime. It is possible, of course, he may have had the letter about him, but 1 can't think Thresher would have overlooked it. He may not be a practised ofiiccr like myself at these inquiries, but his search would be thorough, and he weiuld be quite able to judge of the importauce oi sucu a document if he had found it. Not likely, 1 am afraid, we shall come across it now, but mark me, Doctor, that letter would have thrown a good deal of light upon this case, which is at prisent as queer a puzzle as ever I had set *' Yes,' rejoined Dr. Ingleby musingly. ' What the connection was between the two men is at present a complete mystery. Still, I recollect hearing Totterdell, when wc had considerable discussion about the erection of the Baumborough Theatre, say that he had heard FosBJyke claim to have had much experience of theatrical matters in his younger days ; indeed, he asked him a ques tion something to the effect at the council ' Ah !' ejaculated tbe Sergeant. '?However, Fossdyke brusquely declined to answer him. They didn't hit it off very well, as you know ?' 41 No ; thank you very much for that bint, sir. It would quite probably be the bond between them ; ' and although the open hearted Sergeant did not think that there was any necessity for informing Dr. Ingleby of big intention, he then and there deter mined to attempt the solution of the mystery by traciug back John Fossdyke's early ?'One thing more. Would it be possible for me to have a talk with Miss Hyde ?' ' No ; not at present. Besides, what, can you want with her?'' enquired tbe doctor, in no little astonishment. ' Well, 1 am convinced she knows some thing of James Foxborough. Will you qutstion her about him for me. She has said she lias n--ver seen him, but she haB knowledge of him in some shape.' ' I have no objection to do that, letting her know beforehand that it is for your in formation, mind.' '?Quite pd ; quite so; and now I'll say good-nigbt. I'll call in before leaving Baumborough to-morrow, and hear an \ thing you ma; have to tell me. Once more, good night. 6ir au l so saying Sergeant Usher vanished in ilu- darkness. He bLsied himself al-out Baumborough in that 6ort of desultory fashion in which the Sergeant alwa\£ pursued his inquiries. He .seemed ILl- veriest JouDger about, ready to gobsip with anybody uiion any subject or even to drink with any one ;bnt though free enough in the matter of paying for other people's liquor, it was little Mr Usher con sumed himself. Similarly, though he was addicted apjiarcntly to holuing the most idle conv^-rsc-. yet both eye and ear were ever on the alert, tnd let him dieeoursc about trade, polities, horse-racing, the weather, or in a town like Baumborough about the price of corn or oxen, the talk invariabiy gravitated towards the murder. Mr Lf6her bad no objection to advance some vague view of his own upon the sul j- ct, but noted keenly what other people might Ea;. . That there was much winnowing of chaff inevitable in such investigation no one knew bctur than Mr Dsher. No one bad a keener e\e for that grain of evidence or information when he crossed it than the Sergeant, but he had talked through many a long day and deemed the words of his fellow-men idle. Mr Usher had laid down his programme and intended to a.iherc rigidly to it ; he was by no means sangoioe, but the four channels from which he conceived inspira tion with regard to the crime might come he rc-solved should be honestly dredged. The recovery of the letter seemed hopeless ; he ha ! picked up nothing more of any use to him in the town ; he had only to soe whether Dr. Ingleby had been more success ful at D.ike, and then he was off to Bunbury to epend a nighf or so at the Hopbine. An afternoon with Mr Totterdell he reserved to tbe last. Detective officers are human, and may be pardoned for hesitating to resort to desperau.- endeavors in their vocation antil extremity compels. ?? Well, sir, have you any tidings for me ?' asked the JSergeant, as he entered Dr. Ingleby's library late in the afternoon. *' Yes, in one S':oce ; but what you will I fancy term none. I questioned Miss Hvde on the subjictof James Foxborough. She admits she knows him by nauie, and cs the proprietor of the Seringa Music Hall perfectly w» 11, but says Bhe never saw him inker life, and cannot connect him in any way with Mr Fossi ke. Shu further declares her knowledge of Mr Foxborough can have uo bearing on this case, and would be ex cessively painful for licr to explain.' ' There is no more then to be said, sir, I rather fanoy I should be a better judge than Miss Hyde of how far her knowledge of Foxborough might tend to connect liiiu with the deceased, but of course if the young lady docs not wish to tell what, ehc knows, there is nothing so far to justify our annoying her. I'm off, so we'll say good bye.' 'Good-bye, Sergeant Usher,' replied the Doctor, a little crisply. He rather liked the Sergrant, but he was indignant that he Bhould imagine Mi6B Hyde would keep back anytning that, could possibly tend to throw light upon the catastrophe they were all lamenting. ' Good sort, the Doctor,' murmured Mr Usii.-r. whvju he louud himself in the street. Not worth a cent, in my business, though; : lets his feelings run away with hitn, as if i sifting evidence and fecltngB conld possibly go together. That Miss Hydo could throw a deal of light on the business, I'll bet my life, if she could be persuaded to epeak out. She has nothing to do with it, nor is she aware tliat what she can testify bears In the slightest degree on the affair, but I am convincedit docs. Now a real good overhaul of the rooms at the Hopbine, and then— then, I suppose, a long afternoon with that ! wearisome creature Totterdell will have to be got through. The only way to get at what the likes of him has to say is simply to let him talk, and give him time.** That night, an elderly gentleman pulled i up at the ooor of the Hophiue, and demanded ; rooms. He was a gentleman apparently of : the old school, small in stature, formal in i mauner, as well as slightly irritable. A curious combination, that even awed Mr Marlinson when he came in contact with him. Formal and polite in the first- instance, but unmistakably waBpish when he didn't get liiB own way, and he proved hard to ' satisfy in the matter of rooms. They must be on the first floor he asserted, and to those allotted to bim he expressed the strongest j aversion. At length Mr Marlinson said boldly ! he should regret very much not to be able : toaccsfmmodate the gentleman, butthatunless those rooms suited him he had no others vacant on that floor, except a set. just at present out of use. If the gentleman ever looked at a paper he had no doubt read of the awful calamity that had befallen the Hopbine, and here Mr Marlinson paused to give the stranger an opportunity of condoling with him. ; 41 You mean,' said the old gentleman, ' the 1 set in which the murder was committed. But 1 have no superstitions ; interviewed, ! tried, and hung too many murderers in India 1 to have any compunctions about apartments because some little difference of opinion was quietly disposed of in them. No, no, my good friend, in all my experience it's the dead men alone you can rely upon not turn ing up again. Give them long spells of imprisonment and still the' scoundrels come before you again, but once dead they are done with and bother you no more. Let's see the room.' ' He ain't a sticker at trifles apparently,' mutti-red Mr Marlinson, ' but at the same same it flashed across him what an excellent I person the old gentleman would be to sit in : judgment on James Foxborough, wherever he should be laid ban is on. The new comcr professed himself perfectly satisfied with these rooms, ordered a snug little dinner and afire in the sitting-room, remarking that long residence in India was apt to make one somewhat chilly when once more encounter* ing the climate of one's native land. It was a raw evening, and a blaze in the grate was unmistakably cheerful, and Sergeant Usher, for, of course, the ci-devant Indian judge was that functionary, his dinner satis* factorily disposed of, thought as he sat sipping his port and oracking his walnuts that the Hopbine was a very comfortable and well-conducted house. He had meta morphosed himself so as to have an un restricted investigation of the rooms, not sanguine about obtaining a result by any means, but he wished to look these *room6 over and pick up what he might in the hotel without taking the Hopbine into his confidence. He had not even let Inspector Thresher know of his presence, but determined to work out this business by himself. It might be, perhaps, the swagger I of a well known London officer, or it might be genuine disbelief in his professional colleague, but certain it is that the Sergeant was not piepaTcd to give much credence to Inspector Thresher in this business. No sooner did he have the room to him self than Mr Usher commenced hie course of investigation. He had questioned the waiter no little during dinner concerning the murder, and Jenkinson, after the manner of his class, was only too delighted to tell his story and readily led into the relation of all the minor details. Not an article in the room but was closely Bcrntinised, and to aid him in his ta^k the Sergeant drew from hiB pocket a strong magnifying glass. Through this, and even going down on his knees for the purpose, he carefully examined the carpet and n-lar- the furniture, but no tell-tale stain supported the theory of both Dr. Ingleby ana himself, that it was in that room James Foxborough came by his death. Neither on carpet nor furniture could Mr Usher's well-trained eves detect the sign of a struggle nor the deep hued spots he sought. The theory might be just, but there was nothing whatever to corroborate it. Mr Usher sat down, lit his pipe, ordered some spirits and water, and proceeded to reflect over the affair generally. ' If Fossdyke was killed here, he said to himself either by accident or design, it was an uncommon well-managed assassination. Not a trace of it is to be found. If he was killed in the bedroom how did it come aboQt.' or is it, despite Dr. Ingleby's opinion, a mere ordinary case of snicide 7 No, I don't believe it is a matter of sjlf-murder j that the quarrel should arise here, and Fox borough in his anger 6lay him, is intelligible enough, but that he should have followed him to his bedroom and killed him without creating a disturbance seems incredible. In his sleep, yes. but Mr Fossydyke evi dently met his death before he had un dressed, before he had hardly begun to throw his clothes off. I've no craving to see ghosts, bat if John Fossdyke's spirit would give me a wrinkle to-night I'd be obliged to it, and I don't think I'd be too much agitated to take down the evidence.' However, the Sergeant's sleep proved as dreamless as a healthy man's after a moderate modicum of grog and tobacco should do. No inspiration came to him from the world of shadows, and as he sprang out of bed next day he exclaimed, ' The Bitting room won't speak ; 1 wonder whether this room will disclose the secret of that September evening. The key of the door for instance, if it was 6uicide, where is it ? : If it is murder, it may be anywhere ; but if the former ic must he hero, ' and Mr Ushir | began an eager and searching investigation of the apartment. It was one of the best bedrooms in the Hopbine, and bo somewhat extensively furnished. Not an inch of tbe oid- fashioned mahogany wardrobe did the Sergeant leave unexplored ; he turned out the drawers, pulling them out and looking belaud them, seeking principally for this missing key. The man had been found dead, 1 stabbed to death in this room, there was no nic ssity to prove that — but whether it was his own doing or another's was matter of grave enquiry, and to this fact the Sergeant was now continiug himself, not altogether incapable of noting anything that might bear ui-on the case, but concentrating him self as great sciintitic discoverers usually do for the time upon the one point. ' He I searched the drawers of the dressing table, I he moved the washing stand, he moved the bed, he felt the carpet all over with his hands and bare feet, he withdrew the gaudy-cut paper device that masked the fire* place, disclosing some few crampled scraps of paper behind it, bnt no key. He peered up the chimney, and even felt on either 6ide of the flue, bnt he discovered nothing. He opened tbe window, examined the sill, and took the bearings of the flower bed below. Possibly the dead man might have thrown ihe key from thence if he were self slain. Mr Usher had best consult the flower bed on that subject, for that seems to be his last chance of arriving at the discovery he i aims at. I But the Sergeant, like many other people I in earnest, searching for one truth disoovurs another ; that it is a cold, raw, damp morning, and that between an open window, scant clothing, aud an unsuccessful quest, besides tbe chill of disappointment, be has con tracted physical shivers. He rings the bell and orders the chambermaid to light a fire aad bring a cup of teA. He a little staggered Kiizi Salter by the r. quest-, fires in September being an unheard- of thing in bedrooms in an old conservative house like tae Hopbine, which rather held that there were seasons for fires and seasons for fanciful papers on the hearth, not to be interfered with by trifling variations in the weather. Still tbe eccentricities of travellers were wondrous, and of returned Anglo Indians anything might be expected, and Banbury bid wuti detftble experieaoe ol these, the pretty little town being smuch affected by these whilom shakers of the pagoda tree. Ulisa soon returns with both tea. and i kindling, and having placed. tho formcr on I the tablet proceeds to cleat the grate I previous to laying ,thje.iirc. Mr Usher idly I watcheB her, and with his mind still I absorbed on the mystery of the key stares vacantly at the few scraps of paper the chambermaid has raked out and which still I lie within the fender. EMia quickly oon | tinnes her work, puts a match ' tb ithe I kindling, and is about to thrust the above ! mentioned paper scraps into the gratc^to assist the new- born tire when she is startled out of all equilibrium by the crotchety old Indian with ihe astbmatical cough (for such i had Mr Usher appeared to her) suddenly ex claiming : 'Stop, for your life, ^girli i^ct me see every scrap of paper before you burn it.' He was but just in time,and as the Sergeant often said afterwards, when alluding . to the Bunbury murder case, ' I can't tell to this minute what put the notion into my head.' ' The chambermaid pauses, gathers the four or live scraps of paper together, and hands them over to that peremptory old Indian. An impatient pshaw, and the -Sergeant contemptuously throws back to Eliza Salter a couple of old washing billB, records of guests long departed ; bnt as he flattens out tbe third piece of cmmblcd paper he cannot restrain from a slight start, and ejaculating with bated breath, 11 By heavens 1 it's the letter ' Ye3, there it was, unmistakably enough, the note that had brought John Fossdyke to the Hopbine. A 6crap of paper worth two hundred pounds, according to the finder's own appraisement, cast carelessly at the back of the grate, as a man might ordinarily ; be supposed to do when dressing for the feast to which such letter invited bim, kept up to that time in order that there should be no mistake abont time or date. , . Infallible key to the mystery had 'Mr Usher pronounced ' this could it be come by, of which he had abandoned all hope ; and 1 now he has got it-and reads it, the Sergeant is fain to confess that it is not quite so big a clue as he anticipated. A mere scrap of a note; any ordinary invitation to dinner conveyed as much, And it was with a' puzzled expression that Mr Usher— the chambermaia|having departed— for the sixth or seventh time read over the following:— 'Hopbine, Septr. 3rd. ' Dear Fossdyke, ' Dine with me here to»morrow at 7*30. I have something rather serious to com municate to yon concerning our last conversation. Circumstances have improved my business position regarding it consider ably. I feel sure you will not fail me when you see that 1 am ' Ever sincercly yours, ' Jameb Foxbobouoh. ' Bunbury, Monday night.' And once more did., the Sergeant come to the conclusion that l&tcr; was 'a rum un.' Valuable, no doubt, and likely, probably, to lead up to something in the future, but it was rather bard to see ' tbe how ' of that just now. Meanwhile Mr Usher determined to keep the finding of that letter entirely to himself. Nobody but Bliza Salter had been present when the discovery wbb made, and she had not in the least connected tbe strange gentleman with the murder further, than be was mighty anxious concerning it. An opinion in which a comparison of notes ! with Jenkinson, the waiter, continued her. [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] 