CHILDREN'S ODD REPLIES. YOUNGSTERS appear to mix up their history a good deal, and occasionally make odd blunders about physical geography. A young hopeful said that the surface of the earth consists of land and water. "What then," asked the .teacher, "do land and water make ?" " Mud," was the instant rejoinder. A volcano has been described as " a large mountain with a hole at the top and a fire place at the bottom," and a "bar is a piece of iron across a river mouth; it prevents navigation and has to be cut through with a steam edge." It was a boy who made the last remark, but girls can be just as funny as boys. The members of a girls' class were asked a few questions. One was questioned as to what was meant by " hearing false witness against your neighbour ?" '" It was," said she, "when nobody did nothing and somebody went and told of it." . Another was asked how beef tea was made, and she replied, " Buy a tin of beef extract and follow the directions on the lid." " What are warmth-producing foods?" a third girl was asked. The reply was, "Cayenne pepper atd Jamaica ginger." An old gentleman, asked bis nephew on his twelfth birthday how.be liked going to school. ' I like. going well enougb," was the boy's doubt ess perfectly ttuthtul reply, "but I don't at all like staying ahen I get there." "What would have happened if Henry IV of France bad not been murdered ? " asked a teacher of a sharplooking boy. The prompt reply was, " He would probably have died a natural tdeath." In a Sunday.school, " What did the Iracelites do when they came out of the Red Sea ?" drew forth the answer, "They dried themselves." "Where was. Bisbop Latitoer burned to death ?" was immediately answered, "In-the fire." A bav was asked thedifference between a fort and a lortress. He nicelydefined them: " A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress is a place to put women in." On being askedwhat the chief end of man was, another boy, without any hesitation, said, "The end what's got his head on." The follo ing are twelve gems culled from recent examination papers: Esau was a man who wrote fables, and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash. Titus was a Roman Emperor, supposed to have written the " Epistle of tha Hebrews." His other name was Gates. Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison 'he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress," and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. Wolsey was a famous general who foight in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, "Ah, if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age." Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington. A monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately. Hamlet was weak-rinded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his. duty, which the ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother, He profanes madness; be really only puts it on, but some people say be was mad. One day when be was fighting, the king asked him if he-would have something to drink, and be had put poison in it, and Hamlet said be woulk 'rait; the queen took it and then she fallMown dead. Hamlet immediately stabs bis father and drinks the poison and dies. A yoing girl, asked what should be done in the event of her dress catching fire, replied, " Borrow your friend's cloak;".- . 