TO CORRESPONDENTS, Eunice, Evandale.— 1. To bottle green gooseberries— Gather some gooseberries on a, dry morning the day on which they are to be used. They should ba fuUy formed, but quite hard. Take off the tops and stalks without bruising the skins, and reject any that are not ' quite sound and whole. Put them iato dry wide-neoked bottleB, and . ; place these up to the necks in a sauce *' pan of cold water. It is well to twist a little hay or straw round each bottle ' to prevent them touching each other ' and. beiDg broken. Bring the contents of the saucepan slowly to a boil, and then lift it from the fire, and let the bottles remain in it until the gooseber ries are sufficiently scalded. In order to ascertain when this is the case look , at one of the bottles, and when the , fruit has risen from the bottom it is , done enough. Four boiling water on the fruit. Cork and seal eeourely. Place them on , their sides in a cool, dry place, and before using pour off (he greater part of the water. 2. Budding is performed when the plants f com which the buds are taken and the stocks are in a state of active growth. It; is chiefly used for increasing stone fruits, the orange and the rose ; though ' nearly all plants may be budded that can ba propagated by grafting. The way to perform the f operation can be more easily learned from a single practical lesson than from the most elaborate description. Buds will ' take ' on shoot3 o£ two or three . j ears' growth, bub those of the current year are beat. It should only be, ' attempted when the stock abounds in sap, so that the b«k ' runs *' freely. The stock is first cleared of shoots and prickles that may be in the way ; then the shoot containing the \- buds, which must be fully formed, is taken in the left hand; the blades of the leaves cut off, leaving the stalks ; then the bud is cut out by introducing a very sharp knife, either above or below the bud, though the cleanest cut is made from above, about half an inch from the bud, and passed down wards to an inch below it, taking off a thin shield-like piece, which may be inserted in the stock in that condition, though professional budders generally take out the small piece of wood that was out out with the bark ; this is the most difficult part; of the operation to perform properly, as there' is danger of -' snapping out the centre of the bud itself, which would render it useless ; the bud being held, cut upwards, by. its upper, end between the thumb and forefinger oH the left hand ; the piece1 of wood being gently raised j .'.-. .from, the bark is caught by the right thumbnail and sharply wrenched out. The bud is then held between the lips till the stock is prepared; the proper position on the shoot to be budded is ' as near the base as possible, and imme diately below a leaf ; an incision is 1 made across the shoot, through the bark, and from that another is made downwards; an-incb. or more in length, the edges of the bark are gently raised by the point or sharp haft o£ the knife, the lower end o? the ? shield slipped into the' opening, and gently pressed down by the remains oil the leafstalk to the bottom of the cut!; the top of the'shield is then cut off even with the crosscut, and the whole bound round with a ligature, o£ baBf, worsted, or caudle-wi jk cJtton. When from the swelling of the shoot it begins to be compressed by the tie, : that musb be fooeened, and in a week or two afterwards finally removed. It is not desirable that, in the case of fruit trees, the buds should start into growth before the following season, but roses, and similar things, may be allowed to produce shoots the ssme seaeoa; therefore, when it is seen that ':. the bud has started into growth, the ctock may ba headed back, and the younef shcot encouraged by scaking the ground with water in dry weather. 3\. Have had no experience with such birds, should fancy fresh meat chopped ?;? ''Very small in moderate quantities the ; best food. Water in moderation would hardly hurb them. Mona (Sheffield) .—As your hair has a ten dency to become rough, dry, and brittle, and to split at the ends, the ? ' occasional use of a little nut or olive oil will be of service. The oil should .. be we'l rubbed into the scalp with the ? . fingers, and not merely brushed over the surface of the hair itself. Matbon (Beaconsfield). — A child should never be allowed to be frightened, for it may lead to fits, or the child may grow up tircid and wavering. Nurses thould never tell him a tale of goblins or ghosts, or the little fellow will wake in the nights, having dreamt he has seenaghcsb or some object that the silly nurse ha3 been describing to him the day previously. E.N. (Huon).— When a child buras him self the air should at once be excluded. Make a paste with common kitchen \- whiting, place thia on the burn, and mnanr aa'if. 'dri'Afl'.' AnnMifir mfltihoA ih to. lay over the bum wet rags, or copiously dust the part with flour. M.—Many people preserve eggs by smear ing them over with butter and then packing closely in salt. The following is said to be a good method :— To four . ; gallons of boiling water add half a peck of new lime, stirring, it some little time. When cold remove any hard iumps by a coarse sieve, add JOoz of salt and 3oz cream of tartar, and mix the whole thoroughly. The mix ture is then to be let stand to temper for a fortnight before use. The eggs . are to be packed as closely as pos sible,.' and to. be closely covered up. Thus treated, if put in when newly ?'?? laid; at nine mouths after they will eat ;? .-'?:' quite as good aathough laid only six : days before, though of course nob quite ?:. ' ' like new laid. ? ? \\. - ' -'-:? ::- -.iv;-; i t, . :??;?'???; ?? ???? /-fc-. ? — __? ???';?;?'? ??.'??'? 