THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. Sunday saw an important, though formal, step taken towards the completion of the long cherished ambition of the Roman Catiolico of Central Queensland, and par ticularly of Rockhampton — that they should* build a cathedral, which, for cen turies would be a rallying point of their church, and an ornament to Rock hampton. The cathedral walls have been steadily rising tor many monuiB past, due on Sunday afternoon tbe foundation, or as it might more fitly be called, the memorial stone, was formailv laid by Bishop Caniin tbe presence of a great gathering, estimated at from two thousand to three thousand people. The original arrangement was that Arch bishop Dunne should perform this ceremony, but owing to the accident to the steamer Merkara. Dr. Donne was prevented from being present. To have seen Archbishop Dunne officiating would no doubt have been a great gratification to the Roman Catholics of Rocfc hanipton, as weU as to many outside lht& communion. But it must be admitted it was in many ways very fitting that Bishop Cam should perform this ceremony. Next perhaps to the Stanwell Orphanage, the building of this cathedral has engaged Bishop Cani's warmest sympathies since he came to Rock bampton. He baa worked for it with unceasing thought and energy, and it must have afforded him no small pride and happiness to see it so far advanced, and with his own h-»tn9n to lay tfaia chief stooein ahofldingthatit is his hope will for generations be a centre for the work to which he is so derated. Bishop Cani's sense of triumph at the great distance which bas been travelled towards this goal, most also be shared in large measure by the committee which have worked with him so courageously, holding; on to their purpose through many ycArs, of tea no doubt with little apparent prospect of seeing it accomplished iu their day. In a sense neither Bishop Can! nor the committee can reasonably hope to see the full cathedral completed. The design is a great one, and the portion now under contract forms not one-half of the architect's full plan. But while that is true, it is equally true that the part now being boflt will of itself be the largest ecclesiastical structure in the colony, and it is already so far advanced that Kishop Oni wus able to announce on Sunday .that be hoped to see it opened for worship in about eighteen months from oow. The movement for the erection of this cathedral bad its origin in tic time of the pastorate in Rockhampton of Dean Mnrlay — ft man who was revered, by oil classes of tbe oonimaoity, and whose departure from the town for Sydney (where be now resides) was eery generally regretted. It is nearly fifteen years eince the scheme was first entered on, tind a great impetus was given to it by a bazaar, which netted tbe large sum of £1200. With that amount in hand, collecting was taken op with some vigour* and several very handsome subscriptions were paid and promised. Bat after a year or so the canvass was suspended, to be revived again very energetically a year or two after the arrival here of Bishop Cani, and it has been carried od continuously ever since, and is still being prosecuted. The foundations of the present building— which, as already stated, is only part of the full structure— were laid aboot two yeaxs ago at a. cost of about £1300, Mr. F. H. Harris being the contractor. On the 3rd of June hut tbe tender of Mr. D. Kelleber was accepted for the erection of the superstructure, the price being £14,700. Of that amount £3500 has been paid, and the church committee has in hand about £2200. So on Sunday morning there was still £9000 required to pay for the work now in progress, and then there will be the windows, the furniture, and an organ to provide for. Tliat will mean au additional £2090 at least. Already steps are being taken to secure portion of the funds required. The ladies of the church are arranging for a bazaar, to tike place some months hence, and there is no doubt it will result in a very considerable profit. Meanwhile canvassing will be con tinued, and though, perhaps, some of the money will have to lie raised by mortgage, that will not be altogether novel in church building. Mr. Kelleber started on his contract on the 1 Ith of Jnuc last, and has made splendid pro gress. He has had about fifty men constantly employed, and is hopeful that, with favour able conditions, he will be able to hand orcr tbe building in about eighteen months' time. It is almost impossible to give an idea of the amount of work done up till the present ; but it may be srated that tbe front wall has already reached a height of about 20 ft. and the side walls a height of from 20 ft. to 24 ft. Mr. Kelleher has spared no expense to get the cathedral completed as rapidly as pos sible He has had three cranes erected— two on platforms 22 ft. abore the level of tbe ground, the other on a platform 52 ft. high. The two lower cranes have jibs 64 ft. long, and can deliver stone to a height of 8G ft. ; the higher one has a jib 82 ft. long, and can deliver a stone at a height of 134 ft. These will suffice to complete the contract; bat when the topmost block is raised there will i-c only about 3 ft. to srare. The cathedral is being erected on a large block of land situated at the corner of William and West streets, which was ac quired many years ago — in fact, in the early days of Rockhamptoa--by Dean Marley. The architects are Messrs. F. D. G. Stanley and Sons, Brisbane. Mr. Kt- lleber's cod tract comprises the two western towers, the main vestibule, and the nave and aisles of the ] futare full cathedral. The cathedral is being built entirely of Stanwell sandstone, and, when completed, kQI beai comparison with any I similar ecclesiastical structure in the fiw | tralian colonies. Entering by the main wee tern door, and passing through the vestibule^ tbe nave will be direcHy reached. It will have a floor space of 131ft. by 39 ft., and will be flanked on either side by tbe nave columns and arches, eight in number. Taking in the widtli of the aisles the total floor space will be 131 ft. by 78 ft. Tbe side walls of tbe nave will rise fo a height of 40 ft. from the floor, and the wbole will be covered by a vaulted ceiling rising to a height of 51 ft. On each side of the nave the aisles -will have a width of 16 ft., and be similarly vaulted over to a height of 21 ft. The entire floor wOl be laid with black and white marble tiles sec on cement concrete. The lighting of the ' bnQdinc vnU be provided for by sixteen aisle windows, each of two lights and alternate in design, also by the large west window, wfaich will hive a height of 30 ft. fay a width of 16ft, and be divided into 6ve lights with richly traceried head. Ingress to and egress from the bnflding will be provided frcm five doorways. — three in the western gable and one each from the north and sonih aisles. The seating capacity of the building will be for 1500 persona — larger than any church at present in Uie colony — and thfe niadefivedoors indispensable. The general design of the building will be throughout in the early English and transi tional periods of Gothic, among which many of the most beautiful specimens of ancient Gothic may be found. The western towers and spires will riBe to a height of 115 ft., and be specially constructed with regard to strength to meet the weight of future peals of bells. Tbe structure will be of die most solid description, and contrary to all or dinary chnrcb buildings, the walls will be constructed of through BUnra only — that is, each stone as laid in the wall will be the full width thereof. There will consequently be no centre joints, or packing, but a solid mass of masonry, the valne of which will lie apparent to all acquainted with the subject. PONTIFICAL HIGH MASS. When it is recalled that the great majority of die Roman Catholics of Rockhamptoo, as indeed of all Australian towns, are either of Irish birth or extraction, and the intensely national feeling of the Irish people is taken into account, no surprise will be expressed at St. Patrick's Day baring been cboseu for the laying of this foundation stone. The date, moreover, falling on Snnday. made the way clearer for the congregation of St. Joseph's to attend the stately and solemn service which it had been resolved to bold in the church. There were two early masses yesterday, the first at seven o'clock and the second at nine, the latter being attended by the Hibernian Society. The members assembled at their hall and marched in nrMegsinn rn thp nhnreh headed by the lake's Creek band. Tbe chief servite was at eleven o'clock, when pontifical high mass was celebrated by Bishop Cani. The moiic for this service ni taken chiefly from Mozart's 12th Mass, and it had been under rehearsal for some time past by a largely reinforced choir, assisted by an orchestra drawn chiefly from, the members of the Orpheus dub. The Rev. Father Belton, C.R.L., who is not only an accom. pushed mnsici&n; but also a most com petent choirmaster, had undertaken the entire charge of tbe mnsittl put of the ser vice, and was also the preacher of the day, bis work being thus unusually heavy and responsible; It would be oat of place here to speak in any critical way of Father Belton's sermon — and unnecessary as well, for it is reported id full below — bnt it is permissible to say that lite work as choirmaster was remarkably bnccessfuL The mnsic all through, both vocal and instrumental, was performed in a manner that won warm expressions of admiration from all competent to speak on such a richly classical work as this. If the choir was assisted by singers and players from outside its own ranks, the con gregattou composed many prominent musical people who do uot belong to the church, but who had been drawn there by the intimation of the work that was to he sang. From a musical point of view the congregation was tli us unusually fitted to judge and to enjoy the work of tbe choir. The church was packed to the door ,- indeed there was a very fair congregation present by a quarter past ten. Tbe day throughout was perfect, and fortunately the morning was fairly cool, fio the heat in the body of the church was not par ticularly oppressive, notwithstanding the great congregation, though in the organ loft it was severe. The mass was to start at eleven, but there was a little delay. At ten minutes past eleveu o'clock the choir sang the hymn to Sr. Patrick. Ten minutes later Bishop Cani, who was assisted by the Rev. Father Plormel as deacon, and ihe Rev. Father Lorretucci as sulideacon entered the sanctuary, and the choir at once started the AyriV, which was very finely rendered. Mozart's great Gloria fol lowed, the time and expression being especially good. The Qn! Tallh was sung asVdnet l-y Mrs. D. S. Macdonald and Mr. San bey, both singers giving a fine interpretation of rhe music. The sermon followed. Then came the Cre/to, which was taken from Haydn's Im perial Mass, the it Iunrnmliu trt being sung as a solo by Mrs. .lames Kelly, who is olway! heard with great pleasure in Rockliampton. The solo was sung with fine expression. The offertory piece was also snng by Mrs. Kelly, who rendered LambilloUe'fl Suecipe DonitHr The Snnrtirs was taken from Mozart's Mass, as was also the BtmdMtm, in which the soprano solo was taken by Miss Florence Schmidt, tlie tenor by Mr. B. V. Kavanagh, and the bass by Mr. M-Cormack. This was one of the pins of the service. The Agvun Tin was beautifully snng by Mrs. Macdonald. The service occupied exactly two hours, closing at twenty minutes past one o'clock. The Rev. Father Helton preached from the text 'Aye, rather blessed are they which , tear the Word of God, and keepiu' He said : My Lord Bishop, reverend fathers, and dearly beloved brethren in Jesus Christ,— These words of our blessed Lord, I think, a.te most appropriate to Una solemnity which we arc uow celebrating. As you know, we arc gathered here to-day for two purposes— to give honour and glory to Almighty God. This is the 6rsl principle of holy religion. We are here to-day also to honour the memory of one of God's greatest saints — St. Patrick. Again, we arc here to-day to cele brate the laying of the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic cathedral in Rockhanipton. These words of our Saviour, as he was being praised for the miracles he had been working, are appropriate to this occasion, because it is principally in churches tbat we hear the Word of God. We come lo church to adore -iud, to mate our offering to Cod- We come to church to hear the Word of God expounded by his ministers. I think it would not be amiss for us to ponder for a tew momenta upon what we mean by ibe church. The church is the house of the people and the boose of Uod, and it is well for as, before going any further, to understand what we mean, by people. We know that years ago when the pagans had the rule of the world— Lliat there were two decidedly distinct societies amongst men, the free mau and the slave. The free nian — the master — took all on himself. The slave had no liberty, no mind of his own, no freedom vf thought, no freedom of action ; Vrat was simply, in very truth, a slave. I£t'£D to this day we find in certain parts of the world the same thing existing. Christianity did away wiiJi all this. Jesus Christ came into the world to show us that we were all equal — that there was no slave in the world. This is proved to us. First of all we see it V-y the fact of onr origin. We arc all of the same origin. God has created us oat of the dust of the earth. As he told Adam and Eve, when he banished them from the Garden, ' Due! thou art and trot1) dnsL gVlb.1l thou return ;' dust we all are. Our origin has beeii that, and in that we arc all equal. There equality of man in our redemption. Jesus Christ dill not die for any particular nation or for any particular individual. He died for all men, and in the precious blood of Jesus we have the abolition of slavery and the equality ©E all men. Hence, by the word people it is understood that we mean the whole world-no individual class, bat the whole world. This, I may say, is the defini tion of the people and of the boose of the people — all working together for onr own ad cation, all working together for the glory and honour of Uod, all helping one another, all having the views and desires of Jesus Christ tending to the salvation of the world. And here w see what a wonderful organisa tion a. cLoreh. is, what a wonderful power the church is. Jnst as in the human body the hands have their part and their work to do, the head has its work to do. and bo the different parts of the body—so it is with tfie l-coplc We have all our work in the world lo do. God has placed ns in the world to do eomc special work, and as long as that Roes on, go long will everything go on smoothly. As in the body* if the h&ad; re fnses to work and the head refuses to work, there is disunion, so it is in the world amongst i he people. As long as we arc united and are each satisfied in carrying ont oar duties in the path that God has placed as, bo irill everything move smoothly. As £ said before, ve are all equal Jesus Christ lias brought us info the world and gives each one of us the opportunity to raise ourselves up, whatever may be oar position in the world. We may be at the present moment poor, we i nay to-morrow— ot within a chort time — be the Lope of onr country. At the present moment we may be downtrodden, and in a short *ime we may be able to raise ourselves op. When we contemplate the church, the wonderful power of the church, it is fit lhat we glorify God. In the church we see the rich and poor ratngling together. The church brings in the rich and the poor. Before the altar they sit side by side. Those who outside are at enmity and strife with one another, in the church meet together. The good and sinless soul and the poor, miserable sinner steeped deep in sin, both come andjmeel at Uie foot of the altar. The church opens her arms to all, and all come in. Everything is left— every jealousy, every an is left out side. As we enter upon the threshold of the church all these things are forgotten, and as St. Paul said, in the multitude assembling together there was bnt one heart and one soul in adoring their God. Bnt it is not only the temple — the structure of the church. There is something far more than tills. Up till the present 1 have been speaking simply of the inatetial walls of the church ; but the church is a tribunal — a lasting seat of teaching. Here, in passing, 1 may mention that— not- withstanding that there are many in the world who ecoffat religion, and that there are many who do not believe in religion at all — even these, if they be men of intellect, if they be men desirous of the welfare of their country, when they took upon the object that the church ha*, in view, wid tbe foundation of that church, in their hearts they must see that it is a source of social, intellectual, and moral cultivation, even though exteriorly and out wardly they may scoff at it. First of all, we know that there was One who came amongst us eighteen hundred years and more ago — Jesus Christ j that Be came into the world to save mankind. He came into the world not to destroy tlie law, but lo fulfil ii. TJinn-jh l ime after time be was upbraided tuid called a lawbreaker, what do we find ? We have our dear Lard going throughout Bethlehem and Judea doing good, and with each success thai the people cry out, ' Such a man has never appeared amongst ns before ; God Himself has come in oar midst. ' So this Gospel of His-— this Gospel that onr blessed Lord preached while He was in tbe world— taken down by ffitf apostles and ffif disciples, embodies perfection. K we carry it ' oat, then indeed, ohftH we be perfect - There the rich man is told that all that he fas* received i& re ceired from God. There the poor man is taught that he has a position in the world, and we Iiavc the relationship of the two de fined by God— the rich to support the poor, find the poor not to rob the rich. There in this same Gospel again we sec woman raised up — woman who hereto fore bad been a. tjave, and therefore looked down upon. In the eye of the Christian law woman is raised up to bccoine the companion of man, and to do her wnrk in the world with man, side by bide with him, and to raitse up children and educate children according to the law of Christ and according to the k w of the land — to be an honour to their sUte and to their church. When we see what is taught in the church, when we see Who founded the cburcli, then indeed we must glorify God, and be thankful to Him, and cry out with the royal prophet, ' What can I return to the Lord for all He has done for me?'' Beside the church being tlie house of (be people and the house of God, it is also the gate of Heaven. Here we all meet together to render worship to oor i*rcat Creator and our Maker. Here we come together to pray — 'Thy house is the house of prayer.' Prayer, we all know, is three fold. First of all it is adoration— adoring God our Maker and Creator, acknow ledging our owd nothingness, acknow ledging God's sovereignty, and superiority, and omnipotence. ' We adore tbec, O (jO«1.'' Secondly, prayer is expiation. Sow much ex pint- ion is necessary ! To what extent have we not offended our great God ! Time after tiws have we wandered away from Him. Time after time have we fallen into sin and violated oar baptismal vows. The church is the our sins. And, lastly, t he church is the place of thanksgiving — for thanking Hod for the many blessings we have received. In tbat* we as Catholics, believe that the ctttircb is the house of God in a special manner, our holy faith teaches us that we have the sacred presence of Jesus Christ in onr midst. Our church is the tribunal of our blessed Lord Himself. The great God is present here, not only spiritually, but cor porally. 'This is My Body and This is My Blood.' ' My delight is to dwell amongst men.' Now, as we are about to lay the foundation stone of a cathedral, it is well for as to eater into the spirit of the ceremony, and to be moved lo do our utmost to help tue completion of this builoing. And the more we help in this, the more we Bfaall be further ing the interests of Jesus Christ ; and the interests of Jesus most be in the hearts of each one of us. We desire to see our blessed Lord's doctrine spread, and it ia principally by means of the church that this will be done Let ns rejoice to-day ! Let ns rejoice to-day upon this grsnd solemnity, because it is another monument to the honour and glory of Jesus Christ about to be erected. We who love God and love Jesns Christ must necessarily be rejoiced to see a monument growing up that is more worthy of our divine Saviour, Oar blessed Lord, when He came into the world, came in as a poor man ; He was born in a stable in Bethlehem. This church we ore now in we may look npon as the stable of Bethle hem. At one time it may have been a grand building for Bockbampton ; bat now it has past its Bethlehem, and we are going to raise a monument— a house — more worthy of our God. To-day is a day that the saints in Heaven will rejoice. To-day is one in which St. Patrick will especially rejoice— rejoice to see that the faith that be prayed for his people, and which he petitioned the Almighty God might never fail but spread and strengthen, is spreading and strengthen ing ; rejoice to sec the reward of his prayer, the success of his prayer even out here ; rejoice in the raisin? op of a monument here to the honour and glory of God. It is a day when that glorious Saint will be petitioning before the great white throne of God in Heaven on behalf of those who have made sacrifices in order to raise up this monument. This day will the names of each one of those who have given — and many have given, I know, who have made sacrifices — he pre sented before God, and your patron saint will ask blessings for yon. It is a day when another jewel shall be placed in that saint's beseech yon, this afternoon to pay off tlie debt that there is on the church, and remem ber that whatever is given to God will never be missed. In giving a donation to the cathedral you will be helping to carry out onr blessed Lord's teaching— to raise up a house for the people anil a house for God. You fliould a.l«i remember lUt Uwrc is a moral— a lesson— in Ibis ; that there is not only a material church in the world, but also a spiritual and corporal church. ' Ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost,' says St. Pant Each one of us ie a church in ourselves. We are the temples of the Holy Spirit. To learn what kind of temples we are, we have but to look into our souls and see whether the foundation be well laid or badly laid, to sec whether we are strong churches or whether we arc but poor temples of tbe Holy Spirit. And we must acknowledge how oftentimes we have offended God, how oftentimes we have driven Christ from the church, and how oftentimes we have said 'Away with Him and give ns the flesh and the world ;' but this day, as we sec the foundation stone laid— a foundation of stone, not of wood — 1ft ur taken lesson and try tolay f lie foundation of our temple, of out* soul, in solid virtue, in solid humility, in solid charity, in solid purity, and in love of God. Let that be oar prayer as we kneel in the church together before the sacred altar — so tbat from this day forward our own temple or soul may always keep our divine Saviour and tbe Holy Trinity within us* LAYING THE POUNDATIOlv STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone took place in the afternoon, and was brief and e. little hurried. It wrs to have j taken plac* at half pact thr«*t and before that hour a great crowd had gathered, reach ing nearly three thousand persons. The Hibernian Society walked in procession lo the ground carrying their banner, and beaded by the Lake's Creek Band. A small platform had been erected close to the stand, which the committee intended should be occupied only by ticket-holders invited to be present. But it was invaded from several sides, and got so inconveniently crowded that Bishop Cani and bis clergy were all crashed in a corner when carrying through the service and ceremony This was unfortunate, as the crowding prevented that orderliness and silence so befitting a religions service. It also made it impossible for Bishop Cant to address the people at any length at the dose. The depositing of documents in the stone — one of the chief pa rtsofsnch a ceremony — had also to be omitted. The hole in the stone bad been duly cot by tlie contractor, bat it would have taken much too loog to fill and seal it then. This will l»c done later. Bishop Cani, who bad some difficulty in making bis way through the crowd, did nut reach the platform till nearly four o'clock. The platform, it has been said, was ciowded. Amongst those present were ;he Hon. J. Ferguson, M.L.C., Mr O. S. Curtis, M.L.A., Dr. 1). S. M&c-; donald, Dr. Faulkner, the Bev. I. Castle liow, and Messrs. T. Kelly, J. O'Sb&nesy;, S. W. Hartley. H. Fiddes, J. H. Allen, F. Power, G. YV. Greenish, P. J. ATLaugfa lin, B- Fahty, IX Martin, F. Wynne. M. Ballon, K. L. Hanna, and J. Patti bon. Mr. Kelleher, tlic contractor, was in charge of the stone, which was all in readiness, Mr. H. Ferrier, the foreman stonemason, directing the men- Bishop Cani —who was assisted by the Rev. Fathers Helton, PJormel, Ler.-etucci, and ftfarsbner— having assumed hid robes and mitre, and taken his pastoral stag, blessed the stone, and then read certain prayers and psalms usual in such a ceremony, including the Litany of the Saints. The stone having been lowered and placed in posi tion by Mr. Ferrier, the Hishop touched it with a stiver trowel, which had been ^»re seoted by Mr. T- H, Harris, and declared it wetland truly laid. Tlie trowel, it maybe mentioned, was presented in anticipation of the visit of Archbishop Dunne, and was to have carried tlie usual inscription, but owing to Dr. Dunne's non-arrival it was not inscribed. An inscription, however, is to be engraved npon it, and it will then be pre sented to Bishop Cant After the etone had been laid. Bishop Cani briefly addressed those in attendance. He Baid, 'I am most grateful for and gratified by your presence here to-day. Time will not allow me to say the few words I would have wished, bnt I thsnk you for my own part and on behalf of the coramiUee, and I trust tbat the cathedral will be a monument not only to Rockharapton but to the Central Division : that all will rejoice in its erection, and that you will all meet with a reward for your efforts in assisting ns to erect such a noble building. It is impossible for me to Bpeak to such a large crowd, and in the midst of such excitement. Time is pissing and people will be in a hurry to £o away. Let ns proceed then «ith the work which is necessary for the prosecution of the erection of this build ing, that is tbe collection of tbe money which you are about to give.' A silver salver was then placed on the stone, and was quickly piled up with cheques, bank notes, gold, and silver. The people bad a difficulty in getting forward, but this was accomplished in time* Bishop Can! announcing the guts in a loud hearty voice, and calling on all who were prepared to assist to help at once, Mr. Kelly was in charge of the salver. At tbe dose it was found that a total of £1050 had been placed on the salver, and promises for £350 additional had been given, making a total of £1400 paid and promised. A list of tbe subscribers was taken, but the committee request tbat this should not be published here, they preferring to Announce them by advertisement, when they will be able for mally to thank all who assisted them in this way. The list will be published in a day or two. EVEKIXG SERVICE. In the evening St. Joseph's Church was again crowded. Father Beltou again preached, taking for bis text tbe words, ' Holy Father, I pray that they may be one as You and I arc one.' The inmedicriou of the most Blessed Sacrament was given by Bishop Cani, who was. assisted by Failrer liotincl. The music was again very fine. Mr. B. V. Kavanagh sang Kascuet's Ct*jn* A*-itnaui as a solo, the O Saltttaria was sung by Mrs. Macdonald, and Mr. Sankey sang Zingerelli's Laudatc All three solos were rendered in fine voice and 