SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER LXV. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “ Riches to Ruin,” “John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; Halcamus Greenwood retraced his way in the dark along the passage just as easily as he had traversed it when carry ing a lighted candle in his hand and when he I’eaohi'dthb tho shilfb 5?hoao topwas in:the secret chamber of the tannery he wo» ked himself up with 'his hands,, feet and back, in much the same' way as sweeps' used to ascend, chimneys. r No one but a professional acrobat could have effected, or, in all probability, would have even attempted,- such an • ascent' as that, however, and both his ‘nerves and his muscles must haVo been' as ,atrong : as steel- to have e tabled him to perform such a feati 'Passing through 'the spcrbt chamber he secured the door carefully behind him; .and then stood’still and listened to the one that had' b*en‘ Ruth’s prison. An expression of mingled annoyance and bewilderment crossed his countenance as he once more detected..the Sound of voices coming up from below, and what puzzled b!m : more than'ought else was that one of them was most unmistakably a woman’s c\e-»r flute like tones. Yet this discovery brought some com fort along with it as wel 1 , for if Sir Harry Howarth or his ug-nts had tracked him hithor, they would certainly hot have brought a woman with (hem ; .wherefore he began tp comfort himself with the thought thatthe-ibtrudersmiust he a party of homeless wanderers from afar who, not knowing the ill reputation of the old mansion, had invaded it for a. night's shelter, and would, as a matter of course, take their departure with the re turn of day. To be seen, even by such people, might, however, prove dangerous; and, at all events, to : reveal his presptree there to them, would lie the height of imprudence; so Halcamus Greenwood 'felt his pockets to make sarelhat ( h6 stocks of his pistols were handy to his grasp, and then crept as softly as ho could downstairs, in tending t6 effect an immediate retreat and leave ho one the wiser. Curiosity, however, is a powerful temp tation even. to some men, as- well as to mbsfc women, and so it was that, arrived on the ground floor, Halcamus Greenwood wbs seized with an irrestible', desire to learn who the _pther inmates of the old house, which all Rochdalians shunned with such horror, after nightfall, coa'd possibly be. ‘ He therefore approached oir tiptoes the door of Xhb" .room' which they evide-.tly for the present occupied, and hs it pos sessed, near the top .one ~ of; those .little bf 'thick ’green • glass, 5 shaped like a human eye, to which our anb stois of the Tudor era seems to have been very partial, he was able to look, into the' apartment ; while the newly risen moon penetrated the dirt-grimed opposite win dow, just sufficiently to dimly reveal to him three figures, and to show that the two male ones were attired—one like a gentleman and the other like a clown, while the woman (for a woman there Vbiilly 'was) wore the ordinary costume of a country farmer's wife or daughter. •, Their conversation, however, proved presently to be much more interesting than their appearance. * . . * Well,“here we are at fast,* said’ho who was dressed like a countryman, and with what sounded . like an assumed cheerful* ness, 1 It seems a cosy nesf enough, yet thbdgb' .I have gazed upon its exterior many a score of times how little did I et$r think that the day would arrive on which circumstances would'compel me to hide away within-iti Not that I regret 1 those circumstances—the part of which 1 have played in-tliem T mean—for.I.'take it that no honest man would/ have acted otherwise,’ ~ ; ,‘I regret exceedingly, though, all your fair prospects in life have been ruined, and even that'life itself placed in immi nent jeopardy, by the magnanimous, and chivalrous conduct 1 of which you" have alone been gailty; for, alas, as guilt of the Very deepest dye wi'l the Hanoverian Government, I fear, regard ir. Unhappily, too, it looks very much os though the Authorities had : guessed the very directi.h of bar flight, or. surely the. rewards for pur Apprehension, with a most unpleasantly correct description of pur personal appear- ! ance, would hardly have met our gaz**, evidently still damp from the paste pptj while merely skirting the town, which was all that we dared venture upon doing.’ ■ • ~ . ' *'This-from the seeming geotlema”, in tones, that bespoke an admixture ofresig nation as far as he litmself was concerned but of keen commiseration for his com panion in misfortune, ' . ’ The clown, 1 'however, responded with a faughtbg— r' Yes, it was certainly very strange that, and I'm -sure X hover imagined thht my foolish head would be valued at five hundred guineas, or th.it it would bo, siderfd mbroto the advan tage* of the community at Urge that it shpuld be olT my shoulders than on. tlioih. Bat there, there, I have no occasion to be vain on that point, for yours is valued at a round thqu8and, w-hioh is a much more dignified sum/ "; . i , *X from Ivory depth , of iny heart that, 'by 8urr.ehderingjt;Up ; I could ' eppUfoTthb safety of yobwab the reply,, to’’whichi 'the speaker #as'eVidbbt1y' about the fe» male' soddenlyHcbkenin with a voice that, gave the ebneenled ii^teber kind ■b£ thrill: 4. 44^-4 ■■'■■.I bf your 1 ; jife,or ftsif you'abandoned even hbp'o.l Nb pn'A will think of searching /for >Vnil in" this haunted. I have assured you over and over again, and I both* can and will keep you supplied with food ;o< d every oilier real essential. to existence until an opportunity arrives for your gets tin'goway, reaching the coast, and crossing over to Fran ce;’ < \- v. ; * Ho ho f thought Halcamus Qronn wood to himseb, ‘these are Jacobite, re fugees with a price on their -beads, and a most respectable price into the. bargain, >1 supposefrom this that their-little wasps’ nest up at Preston has been burnt.oat at Jagt, apd that tlie. cebellion is wholly crashed also. J(’a very, strange tint X .never opine, oorpssthoserqwardbills while* keenly for the olhor. ’ Toot mo think, ii. thousand r poutida and a thousand pounds, ayo and five hundred mprcat the hack of them, making the vuntly;agree ableaum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and I don't see w hat’s to prevent my winning tlie entire .. amount;. no, I’ll he, bunged if, I do,’ and the conclu sion was such a pleasant' one that ho 'could hardly repress, a chuckle of . intense, .glee. : ( -■ - ■ : • ‘ .He stified' it.howeyor.for bis owu.aafoty’s sake, and also in order that he might urns no portion of (he conversation that was; still being carried on; Bat much _to his disgust .and" disap pointment, the irio bad. now- drawn' much ; closer toget her,, and were , talking in such low Cones that he could hardly: catch one word out of every, dozenjthat they utteivd. : : _ • -Then after a little while, they, as with pno consent, came towards the door out-' side which he was standing, most probably,; with the intention of further exploring the old house in order to discover which were the most comfortable rooms for habitation; But, whatever their motive was, he knew full well that it .would be dangerous to him-to remain there any longer; where* fore he beat as hurried and as silent a re-, treat as possible, by the Way both be and they had entered the house, the front door, and leaving it as he.had found it he traversed the weed grown garden, and was just abo it to make his . way through a gap in the hawthorn, hedge into Ghost Une when a most sfcrapge medley of sounds suddenly burst upon his startled ears. CHAPTER”LXVL ' ; \- It was very evident that a crowd of men were coming up Ghost lane from the. direction of Oastletou Hall, and that a great many of them wore very merry, if not absolutely drunk. .( ’ wondering what ’ it could' mean, Halbamus cone Pled himself in the very .thickest part of the Judge,'and lay close, watching the as yet dim and indistinct forms,but which were ere long revealed by ■the light of sevora lamoky home lanterns as well as by the moonlight that by this time shoii very clearly upon that side of the old house which faced the lane, though it left that narrow thoroughfare (except where a gate or a stile parted its high hawthorn and hazel hedges) involved in a considerable degree of gloom, . Nevertheless, as the procession drew nearer, Halcamus Greenwood could make out the class of individuals who composed it, namely, church wardens in long black gowns and square caps,carrying long white staves in their hands; watchmen in cocked hats and gold braided cloaks with lantern in one.hand and halberd in the other, and their great rattles hanging down in front of them; overs ers, con stable?, and a dozan or so- of grammar school boys in knee breeches, green jvckcts, yellow waistcoats, and "iuullin eaps, while a small sprinklingmf tag rag and bobtail brought up the.rear ; bo who headed, -the procession being a portly, jolly looking man, wearing shorts, top boots, and a scarlet hunting, coat, whose hue was fairly rivalled by that of its wearer’s nose, and who, ostentatiously carried in one hand a great- pewter llugni, and in'the other a yard-long churchwarden P‘p('- ; ‘Yon's only the walkers going their rounds, and the man leading ’em on is trying all he can to throw -em' out,’ 1 heard' he'd made a bet that the chaps wouldn’t he able to boat the- boundaries of R'oohdale-'uhd' OusTeio n witliont„o mistake by nigh', and I suppose he is putting tho matter to the test. He has treated them at every alehouse -as (hoy came along to puzzle ’em, that is very plain/ soliloquised Halcamus Greenwood to himself us he lay still hidden. He had hardly madn up his mind upon this point, however/when (he head of the, procession came to a sudden standstill, and ihc leader stammered put in a mellow uud vinipus voic ■, -/ : ' ; , ‘ Shovots-to the front 1 HefeVa ma< k gone (wrong. Here’s ,a s'oi.o uprooted;’ and thereupon, men, armed with that useful implement and who always fonmd a portion of: tho procession, at ouco pushed- its way towards its head, and sot to work With a will to refix the fallen stone. , It(was.only nalur-1 that while they worrrthus engaged the b-iuiyed House should absorb the attention of those who had (nothing, to do, and Halcamus' Green-., wood presently hoard a voice exclaifn, \ ‘ There’s one of'the ghoits now, Ipdking but of that window—the third window above tho walerhutt. Aye, there’s another, for I can see two now I do verily, believe, Yes—no—l aiu’b sure, I can only see one again/ f I saw two/ ‘ And 1/ ‘ And f/ came at once from others of the group, f It is an -accursed phee. I should be pullecl down. It belongs to Mr Tomkins’ Of Sprath house. As a Ohrhtain gentle, man he ought to see to it, and not suffer it to cumber the ground any longer/ then- said . the rcd-nof.cd loader, in pompous and dictatorial tone of voice. , VThat ain’t his way, that ain’t. He’d fly in the face o’ Providence by selling b, or letting-,it,-give him but the chance. Why, Jim jNuttall up at Pinfold yonder has the keys and tho showing on it. . .The showing on it—he, he, he, that’s rich, that Is, for I don’t suppose he'd pat a foot inside its four walls if anybody would: pay him down bis weigh in go>d/ observed one qTthe watchuien, . . . , - • I'-"'* It would be a mercy from heaven if it ; took fire, like Clegg Hall, for lire’s a-groat purifier from ghosts, boggarts, and goblins of every kind. ,(Rut,.l’ll,. lell you what 1 I'll Up I’ll consult Parson Bellos b-fore another hour has passed over my head about the laying of those gliosis. Ho got the upper hand of the devil in St. Chutes churchyard the . other night, and the .laying of the ghost ought tp come mighty easy, to him after, tha6,‘ rib doubt it can be done from- a perfectly (sale,, distance,: am!lie’i dp to a thousand pious frauds.l,and, .iriokp fa r Rarson Dick. Perhaps he’d adviso the Town Cross bfciug planted l’m sure wb could spare it fbr'so good a 'pugp6se,for‘its, mightily in the way whe re». it is/ Now then, oh wo go again If (that stone’s, secure. The ghosts have given irio a cold shive'', and .1 don't. want it to turn to V chill/ and, in ,tbis„ way „ cbnol tiding \ his Jrarangue,tbe%Ny -leßdor-bynUii'ua/ll his course up the lane, with his following crowding close tmqp his heels, no ’man-Or boy oaring'to bo last' as long .<Jdb itlie haunted hbusp was, in view. K H'aloain^!iG[Vej|nwo.^'\ still crouched wllhini the,' ;'sheltbc . of/ tho hedge, and, swayed by very .different feeling, for .he had obtttini;d a biief glihipso of tho at the win.tjpw, and the 0u.0.« had: given him' such a shock as to cause him ■almost (<f forget that 1 h[o was not alpno, and to nearly dww him out of Ins hidings place m tliO :hope./ ofobtaminga nearer and; lt Was Ruth’s face ~and he bould,: not jmagme bow aould havo-goHocthst window, except by M P oor,|!*«|s ofttho i But' Gi’obnwood whs far*Yoo ■ihrdwd a rcllo.vi!’ to belie vein.modorn .’miracles, dr in the supernatural either, a tall.events for mono- than-a few.minutes, so that ‘ by. tho time the. boundary- were completely out f of siglit had solyed the mystery in ,atall events a perfectly satisfactory manner to himself; though it. yr'aa destined' ere long to prove, Jn anytluug but' : a satisfactorymanner To, other people. : ‘ ' The consf'qaence of his fancied discovery was that he muttered quite gleefully;’: : , ; ‘ By George; it is is Rose Radoliffe, and now T know why it was that her voice gave me such a strange and. unaccountable thrill when I heard it on 'the other side of the closed door just now. ; It was beciusc it was exactly Hite Ruth’s' ybico, of course... Now what the deuce can it all mean, I. wonder ? Has,, she never-been to 'Scotland after all?) Bat the how and the wherefore matters not a dash; for there-she at all events is, and; Thu very much mistaken if one of her companion? is-i’b that long-legged young . brewer who used to bo so sweet on her. If .so. he is under, tbe ban of the law, andv ted to one so is She, as an . aider and abetter either before or after the act. I ■wonder'if.l could screw, an additional hundred 1 of pounds out of her parents- and his (I know that they are too poor now to stand more) as the price of not , betraying them to the authorities, ere I do so betray them all the same? Rg-id, I must turn the matter over in my mind. Meanwhile,the sole objection to their being where th'-y are , is that their occupancy of the old House cuts me off from Ruth until such time as they are cleared out of it ; so that it looks ns though I . must them to the authorities before t can cop Sir Harry’s thousand pounds by restoring him to his wife. Ob, dear me I do hope that X shan’t .fall.betwee.m two. stools, for there’s no knowing how the authorities may act by the house after they’ve discovered snob a neat traitors in it. Their .superstitions may give place to an exploration mania, and then Ruth may be found out without ray aid, in which case there would be no thousand pounds coming to me from her at any rate. I wonder if there is another way to the Templars chapel, and if I coiild . find it out? There, are vague traditions of secret subterranean com* munications between the Castle and the old preceptory,. the now haunted house, as a once- means of revictualling the garrison when closely beleagured by a foe, and for its escape at the lost gasp, and if such - a passage exists it must he the continuation of the one. which we trod this night. Ha, the hole which leads down just on the Inside of the old keep tower to what folks call the castle duogeon, by which not one in a thousand dares venture down because the steps are almost worn away, and it is believed that vipers have their nests there. I’ll - be bound that the entrance lies there und in the shape of some (rap door, hidden perhaps for ages beneath heaps of .rubbUh.,' .If it be so, to find it should be an easy task, and if found it would enable me to obtain Sir Harry Howarth’s thousand pounds before I iwont in for the o her fifteen hundred and—the odd pickings. I’ll try it on, aye by heaven I’ll try it on. A spade for the stom-s and a jemmy to lift the trap door with if I discover one are all the implements that are required. I .Can, get a loan of a jemmy at the Goat and Boots in Drake Street for.a considcration.-raye, for a considera tion.’ , . Halcamus Greenwood merely-thought portion of the ' foregoing, but .he muttered the. concluding words half aloud, and as though the paying of the consideration would bo the moit unpalat able part of the entire proceeding. However, a minute of two morn, he seemed to make up his mind that it : was at ail events a necessary one (for a crow-' bar, the only substitute for a jemmy, .though, much.more easily.procured, would, be .far too conspicuous and suspicious look ing-an. implement to be seen carrying about after dark), and so he crept out of the hedge and hurried up the lane,: nor paused until he had passed the Pinfold, -and in a few seconds reached Drake street, half way down which he turned up a nar row alley that presently brought him to the door of o disreputable looking tavern called Tbe Goat and Boots, which ho entered, and immediately sought out; the. landlord, with whom he was privately closeted ;for some little time, and -from whom, for the aforesaid consideration and at cost of a pack of lies as well,, he 6b tained jwhdb he,r. qUired. :• i . Bub Halcamus might not have felt so pleased over his bargaining had he lonly kaowdTh*t soibedrie elsnnvho had caught sighjj qt the, fair face at the old nundery window, instead of like the rest, accepting lifc ne that of a ghost, had not only > ipado cook-sure That it was Lady Howurth’s, but also (hat ho.’wduld win the largo reward offered fbr her recovery. r OH APT h R~LX VII. ; ;■ Tlaloamus Greenwood had "once iqore emerged.into Drake street, and w&si; re» traversing it wi h his eyes bent upon tlio ground and his mind bent wholly upon the matter he had in hand, when, owing ..to those Two reasons, ho ranup against an individual who wav coming from tbei op» posite direction, and' so annoyed was ho. Nt this interruption to his train of thought that ho cursed him roundly, even though the fault was entirely bis own, ho being on. the wrong side of the way., , . > But it;so happened that the'other per? sonage wos in uo moro amiable mood than ho was himself, and so, grasping Halcamus by the collar, he re-orted ‘ You unman* nelly.' 1 varlet 1 What the and. vil do - you moan ? Down orv your knee's, sirfa, and apologise for ypuriinclVllityroc I will touch you manners with iny. stick,' at the. same timo brandishing that instrument of destruction above Greenwood's .head, i dr . even a quarrel Was, ho wove;;, the very Jasb; thing (hut. that .as.tu(JeJn4ivW,ual‘, he'plied ; 1 Oh, if the fault was mine, I will of 'bourse apologise, though; 'X really (bought it wps ..yours, , foot . is that;! wasn’t in the best, of tempers, through having 'Tjiafc lastboio'byefa/cdplrfigljtjiftnd T was devp ih- tbpughtos to how I to provide ihysulf wirh a bed'tthd a breakfast.’ >llO as ie concluded, of a dimbil lamp shining ;)'fiill} upon- liik; own? wjrle, A»»g>ily d6wnVhp6% MlSd’A* i o** olajmcd : - ■ ~v I -' ! the-eburitonanco of-’ Chd'sbamp' who the cro^^oo)cpd^ l on my wedding morn, as- well as the voice of The»soqu£,dsl| iyjip |Wgp.ed|.ipy oocrfage and forced bnfe fo baftf life’s'arin' for his inspection, under -'the yporuasion of -d loaded pistol, In -Glegg- Hall lane, ,ot n later hour pithosaroo' dayi I >By»' hoayen, it is liko.dnough that you -are her ;vll. lainous abductor asi Welf, and knew pvlio.ro she no w is in bargain,' s 1 7- ~1 ,-wjsh tp. h/j^en^tUt know. plainly see who yonu are now—ihab youit fi ." d wayfrdm your, pockets into mine, and thus limbed and breakfast, question bo nibst- pleasantly •aolved| > answered Hal carausglibly enough. ' —‘ 'Bu'tj you infernal villain, it waa you who carried h< r off by force from the grounds of Clegg Hall. ..Come you had better confess it,* roared the baronet threateningly. 1 1 wish that I could confess it. I wish that I’had carried her off, for then most probably I should know' where to find her now. Yes I’ve been wishing that ever since I saw the reward bills posted up/ jejoined Halcarau?, so ruefully that it would have been difficult for almost anya body to have believed that he wasn’t tel ding the tr.ubln. * Then ho’ quickly added, as thotigh a sudden inspirat : on had struck him— “ ‘ But I may succeed yet in discovering her, and 1-intend to try most confoundedly hardi.' I’ve the-advantage of knowing her by sight at all events,, and .that’s some* thing ;• for though' I’ve for , months been hunting for my wife in vain I may succeed better with yours, because there’s a deal stronger inducement for discover ing her.’- : \ ' * .Sir t Harry didn’t'knpw what to say or do nowj nor did he* know what to think. Greenwood’s clever acting had almost persuaded him that he was guiltless of Lady Howarth’s abduction, and could he but recover her ho did not care a single rap through whose agency he did it. Then, had ho not promised in the reward bills to forgive her very abductor so loogl os Me restored her safe arid uninjured 1 ■ She had not been a consenting parly— she had even offered determined and I violent resistance to . her captor—the baronet had his insane daughter’s not to be doubted assurances on these points, wherefore all hia thoughts and sympathies wore for the hardships;' tho terror, and the persecution which she might be enduring, so that even the* desire for vengeance upon the scoundrel who was no doubt trying to make capital out of his atrocious action, was a very secondary feeling, Besides, he had heard of the maxim, « Set a thief to catch a thief,’ and Hal camus Greenwood seemed just the kind of rascal who might manage' to outwit the original rascal, who, perhaps, was playing • the waiting game,’ that was to say keep irig dark until the reward should bo in creased or even doubled, which, fc of course, would mean all the longer suffering, both in body and in mind for bis unhappy victim. - So, instead of thrashing Greenwood, as he ot fijrst had an intense longing to do, the baronet released him and then said-— 1 I’m ready to fight tho devil with his own weapons, and you promise to make a downright good one for such an en counter. Go, Ihon, and the thousand pound* are yours as soon ns won, and no questions asked either. Furthermore, I will , change the amount into guineas should'you succeed ia finding and bringing Dply Howavth lo Lisboa Hall, ray pre sent residence, within four and twenty hours from now. For your present needs take this purse. Its contents will amply supply them,’ and dropping a somewhat bulky one into Greenwood’s hands tho baronet resumed his walk along the street, his state' of mind being such that be could not remain quiet at home, and rendering violent exercise tho -only antidote to the almost -maddening dis tiess of mind, that he was suffering from. . ♦ HalcamusGreenwood was as thankful lo part company with Sir Harry Howaith ns Sir Hany Howarth was tp'b'p quit of Hal camus Greenwood, the baronet’s feelings being those of disgust, while the ex grroin’s, despite his bounce,had been more akin in terror., Unlearn us now hurried along towards the Pinfold again, but ho,could nob resist the tempta'ion of hulling immediately he was out of the baronet's sight; in order to discover how, much tiiere really was in the purse, arid when he found that, gold and silver together, it amounted to close upon ten pounds, his satisfaction, was consider able. / ‘ It’ll enable me to live in clover until the larger sums drop in,’ be. muttered to himself, ‘And drop in, they shall,’ he continued, grinding his teeth (ho while as «h6ugh some doubts of their dping so had suddenly entered his mind, ‘ for if I can only : discover another way . to Ruth’s prison I can deliver her up to Her husband, or the Jacobites up to Uie,-law;, whichever T/chooso the fitet, and neither'will inter fere with tho other. Five minutes later ho had passed tho Pinfold, presently to gain the site of what had once been one of, ,the twelve great Sagonmastics of Lancashire. , Hq now lighted a dark bin fern, which tho landlord of the Goat and B>ot.< had also provided him with, and attaching it -to a long pioco.of whipcord which betook from his pocket, he proceeded to a spot where nettles rind docks grew the rankest, and also concealed from view a dark hole, which the burliest of- men might have .slipped through with pase. Lowering hia lantern down this hole until it rested on the bottom he discovered 6y the light that the descent.would be an easy one, and the coming up again a per* fectly practicable feat os well. ’ The consequence was that a minu’o later he stood beside the laqtorn, and found himself tho inmate of a' damp and glOomy vault, but having nothing that was perfectly terrible about it. s As he had not after all troubled him* self about n spado hq wont down on his hands arid knees and commenced to boat tho earbh.ond rubbish covered floor alt oypr. wi'-h his jemmy, listening, intently arid eagerly for.it to give forth a hollow sound the while, At last it came, and then,, uppn scrap ing away the thick deposit of earth which passing, centuries had laid there, ho [voriolu’d rib, last what was evidently a trap door, and, as ho at onCo felt convinced, another .approach to the Templar’s sub terrineart iolmpol, ■ - Hia chief fear now was that he would lack', tlie) strength to raise it. : But by donning away with a knife blade all tho Vafth that-was firmly ombeded' around and then using-thp borrowed jemmy as a layer heat last succeeded oven In pis/i and then, up6ri : lowering , his Jantorh ; down ; into thrit hole oV into the former. .onej.-hooloarly, described another 1 . passage' about > six feet -beneath him, which seemed to trend aWay Taking off his, coat Haloamus Greon wood tied one of' the sleeves in a tight knot.riround tho rusty iron ring of the dislodged trapdoor, lot tho remainder; of, thb't‘gairmfeht hand down thp ! holri; (this in oVdorto facilitate his return),' rind ihon dropped lightly into it himself. ; r a Hpon proceeding along'.this ,16w6r passage for a very short distance ho die covered, to his .intensqjoy, that all i his Suppositions with, respect, -to the place there of, the , Tqmplar’a .mortuary ohapoj fthBPoJcould‘ ho n6 ,30ubbJn‘feiioi.w|)r)d. aborit that. - - - v ./ 1 V-gpd know .exWobly how- to play ray cards. Within four and twenty hours, aye, within twelve for that matter, I shall bo the richer by two thousand and five hundred pounds.' So thoughtrtho unscupulous and wily schemer, bat a perusual of the next few chapters will convince the reader that Halcamus was indulging in tho repre hensible practice of counting his chickens before they were hatched. (to bk continued). 