A DEPUTATION from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon the Premier a day or two ago, forcibly urged the early passing into law of the Companies Act Amendment Bill, which unfortunately lapsed last session. In doing so the deputation laid special stress upon one or two portions of the measure which embody urgently needed reforms, and certainly should receive early attention. With a view to the speedy adoption of its principal pro- visions it was urged that the Govern- ment should at least take steps to pass the more important sections, such as those dealing with advances to direc tors, loans on shares, the use of the word “ bank,” and, most important of all, clause 56, giving power to com panies to reduce capital and write off losses. The adoption of the latter clause would, it is hoped, afford relief to a great many companies in Melbourne which, have losses to pro vide for, and that could only be done by writing off capital. They are making fair profits on their business, but cannot distribute them while they have the losses to provide for, and the writing down of the capital in many of these cases would, it is believed, lead to the circulation of a great deal of money which is now locked up. The provisions of the bill in this respect were generally regarded in both Houses, as far as the debates showed, as conferring highly im portant powers that it often becomes necessary and desirable that com panies should have, granting that the creditors are duly protected, and for this the bill amply provided in re quiring that all such measures must be taken under the sanction of the courts, and with the clear acquiescence of the creditors. Of the necessity of very stringent checks upon advances to directors we have had abundant and fast-accumulating proofs of late, and there will be a very general concurrence as to the desira bility of the sections of the bill re quiring the fact of such advances having been made to be folly disclosed,, and also of those prohibiting com panies , from lending -money on their own shares. By these two methods alone more money was advanced in some cases than that represented by the whole paid- up capital of the com panies concerned, and there cannot be a too thorough check upon such abuses for the future. • The clause restricting the use of any such title as Bank, Banking Company, Banking House, dr any' kin dred designation, . was also of the utmost importance. Had its principle been embodied in our company law in the past no company wouid have been allowed to use such a name unless it had a subscribed capital of not less than £250,000 and a paid-up capital of at least £125,000. A restriction of this kind, coupled with adequate penalties for evasions of it, would have debarred weakling institutions or those carried on by deceit and fraud from deluding people into lodging savings with them, and it is satisfactory to have Mr Isaacs’ assurance that he is fully seized of the importance of rendering .the conditions in - this respect as stringent as possible. An indis pensible corollary to this form of protection for unwary depositors and shareholders is the proposed definition of 'the liabilities of directors. Under this head the bill of last session was intended to embody one of the main principles of recent British legislation on the subject. It rendered directors liable for negligence, as well as fraud in connection with their reports and balance- sheets. Under our present law andtheformerlraperial Act, if adirector was a party to the issue of a false statement no matter how careless he might have been, so long as the person proceeding against him was unable to prove absolute fraud, he had no remedy for having been, perhaps, grossly mis led. But the new Imperial Act laid down the principle that even if a mis statement were innocently made, a director who gets his capital sub scribed on the strength of it. should be responsible for its inaccuracy unless he shows that he has taken reasonable steps to verify it. Of course it is necessary to avoid alike the extreme of letting directors escape responsibility for culpable negligence, and that of holding them criminally liable for slight mistakes and render ing the position of directors one to be dreaded, but we shall probably not go far wrong in following British prece dent. From the reply of Mr ISAACS to the Ciiamber of Commerce deputation it is to be gathered that the Government has re-moulded the measure under notice in a shape in which it will have increased stringency and greater effect. This implies, however, raising new debatable points, and it is a mis fortune that the old bill could not be taken up in the form in which, and the stage* at which, it came before - the Legislative Assembly from the Council towards the close of last' session. Mr Isaacs must still fully recognise that had such a bill been placed on - the Statute Book a few years ago the disas trous effects of the boom and its collapse might have been minimised and much of the misery and trouble that now envelop the country been escaped. The need for it still exists. Although there may be no great call in the immediate future for its checks on the booming of wild cat companies and- bogus banks, still many of the safeguards which it promises to the depositor, shareholder and every other investor in financial institutions are as necessary to-day as ever they wore, and cannot be too soon given the force of law. The unseemly scene which occurred at the Collingwood Police Court on Tues day demands the prompt attention of the Attorney-General. In no previous instance, save perhaps in a prior sitting relative to the same case, have honorary magistrates been so openly charged with sitting on the bench for the purpose of deli berately defeating the ends of justice. The defendants were charged under the Employers’ and Em ployds’ Act with a form of intimi dation in connection with a recent strike oL hatters. Instead : of the two or three honorary justices usually seen on the bench of a suburban police court, there was a striking array of thirteen. The solicitor for the prose cution, Mr ‘Lyons, a constant prac titioner in the suburban courts, noticed the extraordinary composition of the bench, and then ensued this colloquy : . Mr Lyons.—Tour worships, in view of my having to face a packed bench, avowedly in the interests, of the defendants, I think- it -only tight, in the interests of justice, that I should apply for an adjournment of the cases for one month. I would be more more than foolish if I attempted to fight out this case with the knowledge that there was a packed bench, which had been especially called in to. defeat the object of the present prosecution, Mr Gaunson. —This is outrageous, Mr Lyons has not the slightest foundation for im pugning the integrity of the bench. If I had done so I feel sure their worships would have committed mo to gaol, Mr Lyons.—When those oases were brought before the court on the 3rd of April I took ex ception to the presence of certain justices who had made their first appearance on this bench. The justices I allude to are Mr Harwood, Mr Barker, aud Mr Tatnall, The two former I know-to be connected with the Trades Hall Council, and as to the latter gentleman, whilst I respect his decisions given in the Richmond court, my knowledge of his peculiar political views, I regret to soy loads mo to think that ha has been brought hero. The bench, it is worthy of note, did not commit Mr Lyons for contempt of court, whether, as Mr Gaunson in sinuated, because he is a partner of the Premier or because there was too obvious justification for his protest must be-left to conjecture. But his remarks were reiterated time after time and borne out by two of the oldest magistrates and moat constant attend ants at the court. These justices pro tested against the presence of magis trates whom they had hardly ever seen before, and five of those . on the bench forthwith retired virtually leav ing the decision of a trade union case to a Trades’ Hall bench. The re iterated complaint of Mr Lyons that he had “not a ghost of a show of getting justice from the bench as it was con stituted,” and the refusal of five of the ordinary local justices to sit with visi tors whose fitness for. the commission of the'peace one of'them openly ques tioned'from the bench cannot escape the attention of the Law Depart ment. On the face of it the case bears the aspect of a most serious travesty of the administration of justice,- and the recurrence of such a scandal must be guarded, against if confidence In the 1 honorary justiciary is not to be greatly impaired. It was stated by the Melbourne morning journals yesterday that the new tariff for tele grams, under which 9d would be the lowest charge, would come into operation that day. We understand that the change will not come into force until Wednesday week, the loth inst. For the increased price three extra words, or nine in' all, will be sent, Id'being charged for each extra word, and no charge will be' made for the address or signature;"" • - ■ Mr Cosmo Newbery, the well-known metal lurgist, died - yesterday afternoon, from internal hemorrhage. At the City Police Court yesterday, the hearing of the charges against Mr James Kirby, mining manager of the British Queen Company, was resumed. The defendant was charged with two breaches of the mining regu lations, and the present proceedings were taken in connection with the recant accident at the mine, whereby two men met with injuries resulting in death. The court throughout yesterday was crowded with mining men, who evidently followed the evidence with the greatest interest. After several hours had been spent in taking evidence for the defence, the magistrates, Mr Leader, P.M., and Mr Williams, J.P.. decided that each charge had been sustained, and in each case the defendant was fined £1; £l5 15s costs were allowed the prosecution. In giving the decision of the bench, Mr Leader said the case was one of the most , important which had come before the court. A report of the evidence appears in another column. The following telegram was received by the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton) yesterday, from Archdeacon Flower:—“Thank fully commemorate the majority year entered of the diocesan existence, with congratulations and earnest prayers for the twenty- first year of the first bishop’s administration.” Prior to the commencement of the adjourned case of Agnew v Kirby, at the City Police Court yesterday, Mr Leader, P.M., said ho had spokpu to Mr Williams, J.P., to enquire if he had made,up his'mind whether he in tended to adjudicate in the case or not, AC the Sebastopol court ho asked Mr Williams, at the commencement of the case, whether he in tended to adjudicate. He then understood that Mr Williams was simply a looker-on, but subsequently Mr Williams stated his intention of adjudicating. Later on Mr Williams notified that he was not sitting ns a magistrate. Mr Williams having bean absent from the court during a portion of the hearing of the evidence, he (Mr Leader) again spoke to him at the close of the case for the prosecution as to his intention of adjudicating, and Mr Williams then said he would not take part in the deci sion. Ha now understood that Mr Williams desired to adjudicate. He had not the slightest objection to his doing so, and never had, neither had ho tried to restrain Mr Williams from so doing, or made any suggestion to that effect. He thought, , however, that Mr Williams should state his intention definitely. Mr Williams said he intended to adjudicate. He had lust no portion of the evidence, but only a little of the cross-examination of one of the witnesses. Me had understood and followed the case well. Ho had no wish to adjudicate, but was prepared to his duty. Mr Pearson pointed out that any decision given by the bench ns now constituted might be open to attack on the gro’und that one of the magis trates had not heard all the evidence. Mr Bar rett said that as .Mr Williams had only missed a little of the cross-examination, it was not probable that exception would afterwards be taken in regard to his adjudicating. Mr Pearson remarked that he was sorry the sympathisers of the defence were with the view taken by the magistrate. : Mr Barrett retorted that Mr Pearson had misunderstood bis re marks. After a few more words the case was proceeded with. In justice to the P.M. wo may state that when he announced at the Sebastopol Court that Mr Williams was not adjudicating, he expressed regret that Mr Williams had declined to do so, and certainly did not give the idea that ho was dictating to the honorary magistrate, who apparently acquiesced in the announcement. We have been asked to call attention to tho drawingroom sale at Bishopscourt, to morrow and Saturday afternoons. Much beautiful work, as well as many useful articles, include produce and confectionery, has been promised, and a good attendance is hoped for to promote so worthy a cause. The new machinery recently imported by Messrs W. and R. Graham, boot manufac turers, has been erected, and is now instru mental in largely increasing tho output of goods from the extensive factory. The various machines are models of inventive genius, and dispense with a large amount of / the most tedious hand labor, although,'by the way, the change in the mode of manufacture has not resulted in a dismissal of hands. A visit to the establishment when operations are in full swing is full of interest. As fast ns two boys can tally out tho. nails to be used, an operator can fix heels to boots of all shapes and sizes, one motion : of tho foot bringing down a press of two tons, and completing the work. As fast ns tho heels nro affixed the boots and shoes are wheeled along on miniature four docked waggons to the heel trimmer, where knives of the shape required revolve at a great rate, and when placed in contact with the. leather pare it off with lightning rapidity and enable an export to throw aside boot after hoot very little slower than it would take to count them. This having been done the edge trimmer, which works on the same principle and quite as expeditiously, is brought into requisition, followed by the “heel- scourer” and “ heel-polisher,” both of which dispense with the continuous rubbing of sand paper and of polishing irons necessary under the old sys tem, while the work is done even better than formerly. Soles and “ waists” nro polished hv machinery with wonderful speed. Upstairs there are machines for “dos ing uppers” foV the smallest and daintiest boot as well as for the strongest. The “closer” is not now required to “ wax his thread,” and “ fix his bristles,” and hold his “ clams ” be tween his knees. The thread is ready- made, it is “ waxed ” while going through the machine, and tho improvement in speed is as great as machine compared to hand needlework. An expert has been engaged in Melbourne to superintend tho work, which is now progressing so well as to reward tho their oom-. mondableenterprise. ’ ' During Easter week the number of prisoners in the Ballarat Gaol was 35—the smallest total for a long time past. Now, however, there is about the full complement in the cells—43 men and five women. The institution is in splendid order, and under the direction of the new governor, Mr Sheehan, the daily round of duties is satisfactorily accomplished. Yester day morning Wm. Hedges and Wm. Gardiner, who were sentenced to three years at the last sittings of the Supreme Court, and a man named Fitzgerald, who was sentenced to five years at Hamilton, for an unnatural offence, were transferred to Pentridge, Constable Tolmie being in charge. Mr Book’s employes, who had been on strike, returned to work yesterday on his terms, namely a 10 per cent. reduction all round. While the dispute existed six Melbourne men were given employment, and as they are under engagement Mr Book cannot find work for all his former hands. The unionists and non unionists worked peacefully together during the day. Last night the final meeting of tho committee of the E ister fancy fair hold at the Mechanics’ Institute for the benefit of tho Sistors of Mercy Convent, was held under tho presidency of the bishop, Or M-ioro. Thu treasurer submitted tho financial statement, which showed that the takings totalled t'94l Is 2d, tho highest receipts from any ono stall boing .£2lO. Full particulars of tho meeting, at which complimentary re ferences worn made to workers, givers of prizes, and the public ttonerally, are given in another column of The Star. Tho monthly mooting of tho Ballarat Horti cultural Society was held in tho'Alfred Hall last evening. Present—Messrs R. Q. Dimsoy (vice-president, in the chair), T. Saunders, A. Fraser, J. Ross. T. Mitchell, C. Johnston, A. Parker, J. Nicholls, N. D’Angri, T. Rooney, J. Cairns, T. Allen, K. Llewellyn, R. W. Phillips, C. W. Harrison, W. A. Biggs, J, Williams, D. Laidlaw, and Mr Cotter from Hamilton. Several accounts were passed for payment. Mr Ross moved and Mr Johnston seconded that tho president, treasurer, and Mr A. Parker interview Mr R. T. Vale, M.L.A., concerning tho Government grant. It was de cided that the annual meeting be hold on the first Wednesday in June, at S o’clock p.m., and Messrs A. Parker, A. Fraser, and the sec retary were appointed to draw up the annual report. Upon the motion of Mr Saunders a record was placed on the minutes thanking Messrs R, U. Nicholls and Cos. for their splen did gift of 500 chrysanthemum plants at last year’s chrysanthemum show. Messrs J. Cairns and J. Ross gave a pleasing account of the brief trip to Mr Oxeuham’s, atYendon. Mr Biggs reported on having secured the services of tho Militia Band and Militia Gymnasium Club for the chrysanthemum show to-day and to-morrow. Father M'EHigott yesterday left Ballarat for his new charge at St. Arnaud. , Amongst the State school teachers who re tired on pension on Tuesday, several are well known in Ballarat, One—Mr E. G. Wollaston —has been identified with tboMacarthur street for 14 years, during which time ha has seen six head teachers come and go, having himself personally instructed over 1300 children. With other appreciative notices of his. past) work as a teacher, Mr Wollaston has received the following note, from Mr J. • J; Burstou, lata head master of tho Mnoarthur School. Mr Burston writes“ Mr Edward G. Wollaston, second male assistant in the Macarthur street State School,-Ballarat, taught in School No. 3023 during ray mastership there, and gave me much satisfaction in the discharge of his duties. He furthermore endeavored to instil principles of truth and morality in the children' placed under hU ch*f*e H.s is a teacher, and the .energy which be has in variably shown, make- it d.fflcaUJo stand why ho has not made more rapid advancement in the service; that his success as a private teacher will be such as to prevent any regret onhiapartthat he has decided upon severing his connection with State schools to establish a middaclass school on his own responsibility. Wishmghim the success he deserves.” The following also, from Mr M. Shelton, inspector of schools, is£ well merited compliment to his abilities. Mr Shelton writes:—“My dear Mr Wollaston,—l was sorry to learn from the local papers that you contemplate retiring from the service at : the end of the current month. the seven and a-half -years that I have spent in Ballarat I have always had a high opinion ot the manner in which. you performed your duties. You were always diligent, faithful, and conscientious in your work. As to your skill as a teacher, I need not say more than that your classes always acquitted themselves with much credit at the examinations, while your methods of teaching,"as judged by obser vation, were intelligent, and were also patiently carried out. What pleased me most about your work, however, was the perfect control yon possessed over an unusually large class, and the really excellent tone always noticeable. Both these results were achieved without apparent effort. The evident good feeling between yourself and the children was also a feature which I have often With my best wishes for your future success. ' We are requested to draw attention to the arrangements with reference to the Church Assembly advertised in this morning’s issue, and to mention particularly that the conference in Christ Church at 10.30 a.m. is not confined to members of assembly only ,but that all who take an interest in the question are invited to attend. To-day the annual chrysanthemum show in connection with the Ballarat Horticultural Society opens at the Alfred Hall. Excellent arrangements have been made, and the ex hibits, which are numerous, will be displayed to the best advantage. The judging will bo done this afternoon. All paying visitors will be presented with a chrysanthemum plant. Each evening a programme of music-will be played by the Militia Band, and to- morrow night the Militia Gymnasium Club will give an exhibition on the stage, under the conductor ship of Sergeant-Major Wright. ’ Mr D. Brophy was yesterday slightly better, and his medical advisers are now hopeful of his recovery. Thomas Ellis, 14 years of age, of Creswick, was treated at the Ballarat Hospital yesterday for severe injuries, caused by being thrown from a pony. Ha sustained a lacerated wound on the right ear and a broken arm. Percy Barrow, 24, of Rodier street, was attended to for a lacerated wound on the eye, through being struck by a pick while at work. The quarterly meeting of the general com mittee of the Ballarat United Friendly Socie ties’ Dispensary was held at the Societies’ Hall on Friday evening. Mr T. Mitchell, presi dent, in the chair. There was a fair attendance of representatives. The report of the auditors and balance-sheet were laid before the com mittee. The auditors certified to the correct ness of the books, &e.;, and the balance-sheet showed a credit balance of £99 7s sd. The value of drugs, appliances, &c.;, in stock at 31st March totalled £3OO 10s. The number of prescriptions dispensed during the quarter was 80G3. A levy of la Gd per member was made to meet the liabilities of the ensuing quarter, which wore estimated at £225. The report of the building committee was received and adopted, and power was given the executive to purchase land suitable for a site fur the erec tion of a dispensary. The meeting, which was a summoned one for the purpose, amended the rules necessary to give sanction for the ejection of a building. At the request of the chairman, Mr J. A. Pittard, vice-president, presented a handsome P.P. certificate to the retiring presi dent, Mr Berryman, who, not being present, accepted the same by his proxy, Mr Phillips, who thanked the committee on behalf of Mr Berryman for their kind appreciation of his services. No appointment ns land officer for Ballarat in succession to the late Mr E. T. Dunn has yet been made. In the meantime Mr Joy is performing the duties. Superintendent Parkinson has written a very complimentary notice of Constable Porter’s activity in catching Mr M’Culloch’s runaway horses on Monday afternoon. A justice of the pence called on Mr Parkinson and stated but for the constable’s pluck a collision must have occurred between the lorry, to which the animals were attached, and a tram car which was standing at the terminus at the time. Arrangements for the concert in connection with the raising of funds to pay the expenses of the representatives from this city in the Vic torian intercolonial eight—Messrs J. and C. Donald, of the Wendoureo Club—are progress ing favorably, and the affair promises to be very successful. All the local artists have con sented to assist, and an enjoyable entertain ment is assured. The concert will take place on. Friday, 31st May, at the Academy of Music. The many friends in this' city'pf Mr John Kildahl Richards, M.B. and C.M., Edin,, of Ballarat, will be pleased to hear that he has bean appointed demonstrator of anatomy at the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh, Mr Richards has passed through bis course of study with high honors, and this additional proof of his merit is one that will prove gratifying to his relatives and friends, and very useful to himself when he settles down to practise his profession, Mr Sydney Johnson, an old student of the Ballarat School of Minos, who is at present at Portland, has written asking to be supplied with samples of minerals in return for speci mens of the flora and fauna ot his district. The request wilt be complied with. A variety entertainment took’ place at the A.N.A. Hall last night in connection with the League of the Cross. The programme was ar ranged and got up by Messrs H. Ratcliffe and F. Bicknell. Song (comic). Master Kanaford; ballad, Mr G. Hill; song (comic), Mr E. Feecy; sand jig, Mr F. Bicknell; descriptive song, Mr J. Kelly; _ duet,- Messrs J. Watts and H. Handrick; song, Mr F. Darlay; song (comic), Mr R. Sullivan; finale, “The tailor’s dummies;” song, Mr G. Hill; recitation, Mr/H. Ratcliffe; sailor’s hornpipe, Mr F. Bicknell; song, Mr J. Kelly; dance carnival, Messrs J. Watts and H. Handricks; banjo selections, Mr A. Clifford; song (comic), Mr E. Feery; song (comic), Mr R. Sullivan; farce, “Thumbs Up,” by com pany. The Rev. Father Fitzmaurice, chaplain of the league, returned thanks to Messrs Rat cliffe and Bicknell and company for their kind ness in getting up and giving such an excellent programme. A meeting of the Carpenters and Joiners Union was hold at the Trades’ Hall on Wed nesday. Mr M’Konzie was in the chair, and the usual number of members .wore present. Routine business was 1 gone through, and the president reported how cordially ho was re ceived in Melbourne on Eight Hours’ Day. Accounts owing for procession and Eight Hours’ Day were passed for payment. A Cook’s excursion train, carrying about 200 passengers from Melbourne to Broken Hill, passed through here yesterday. Several addi tional travellers embarked at Ballarat West. A lady who had secured a ticket at Messrs F. W. Niven and Co.’s establishment had an un fortunate experience. She deposited the ticket in her purse, which also contained about £C. This she placed in her pocket, and carried her child to the railway station, which she reached just in time for her train. When she went to produce her passport she discovered her pocket was empty, and was therefore unable to pro ceed on the journey. The poor woman had not the faintest idea ns to how she parted with her property. It is hardly likely that a pick pocket appropriated her purse, as it was mid day. It is probable that the valuables dropped from her pocket. If so, it is hoped they fell into honest hands, and will be returned either to Mr Niven or the stationmaster. Mr Latham Watson, recently assistant in engineerinp and surveying at the Ballarat School of Mines, who left Rallarat under au appointment to survey in Western Australia, item; Coolgardie, has communicated with a Ballarat friend, stating that he has left to go 200 miles inland to take up surveying work there. Mr Watson speaks hopefully of his prospects in the West, and bears testimony to the advantage his four years’ training at the school has proved to him. A number of the South, Ballarat footballers mot at Perryman’s hall last night and want through a course of training. The trainees entered with vigor upon the various exercises, the punch-ball in particular being kept in constant motion. The stewards of the Allendale Turf Club met on Tuesday night, to consider the protest, of Mr Tognini, entered against the pony Laura, on the alleged ground that she had been entered under an assumed name at the Eight Hours demonstration held at Allendale on Monday, 22nd April, Mr Tognini did not appear to substantiate his charge, and was fined £2 2s, and bis protest deposit ordered to be forfeited. Mr J. S. Roberts, the owner of Laura, was examined at considerable length, and when asked to make a statutory declaration as to the correctness of his state ment absolutely refused, consequently it| was declared a no race. The meeting of creditors in the estate of Geo. M'Grath, laborer, of Rallarat East, to have been held yesterday was further ad journed until Tuesday afternoon next ■ at 3 o’clock. Dr Moore Bishop ot Ballarat, visited Smytbesdale last Sunday, and made a visita tton of the parish and found everything to his satisfaction. He celebrated the half- past 7 o clock mass, and preached at the II o’clock mass to a very large congregation in the church there on-the. gospel of the day. The bishop afterwards addressed the children, who had been preparing for confirmation, on the nature and efficacy of the Sacrament they wore going bo receive, and the necessity o! their bainTTr prepared. The bishop then. •»«« £?*[ Rev. M. Barrett, confirmed 80 children n! Moore afterward* addressed those who ii been confirmed upon the great obligation, tv sacrament which they had received upon them, and the effect it should hav»V e “ their future liven. On the following d Ja 1 bishop proceeded to Derwent Jacks’ wh very large congregation had assembled not* withstanding the inclemency of the wo’-tv Haro the bishop confirmed 88 children and 6r ' pressed how pleased he was with the an,™. - ex ' of the children on the Christian doctrine Superintendent Parkinson was veit„ a notified of the death by drowning of % ■ ? White, -two years of age, whose widn I mother lives on the Ararat-road, near Poet'S* The child wandered from its home and fin; a waterhole. 11 n ‘° Mr George Marks, watchmaker of Brid street, recently had entrusted to him for r • a magnificent chiming clock. Although ?»*? very bad way when left at his establish™..? Mr Marks has now got the time pte thorough working order, and for the w days he has had it on exhibition. The cioet • ° well worth inspecting for its intricate manship, the musical chimes and the deeo to charm 6 atrik ‘ nfr gong baing an additional Mr Leader, P.M., and Mr Clark JP sided at the City Police Court yesterday dealt with several debt cases. On the an r cation of Sergeant Moran, the bench inatmK that the railway fare of David Faulkner lad who was discharged on Tuesday k f should be paid to Hopetoun, where his L,? reside. Frena Mr Andrew Berry will complete his dot:., as registrar of the School of Mines tn-dav special audit of the books having been ? Mr F. J- Martell. the newly .p®* tor and registrar, will commence duty In morrow. 3 l0 ‘ On Tuesday Mr Warden Leader held a conrf at Smythesdale (writes our correspondent! when the preliminary investigations into u,” leases of Robert Cairns (To, P.P) J 0 h n ,, ander MTaggart (80, P.P.), a’nd Tatm™ Larnach (81, P.P.) ware dealt with. The»a leases are on the Pitfield Plains, and the aunli cants certified that they had arranged with tho landowners; and the warden will forward the papers to the Mines Department. In thole,!! of John Harrison, 73. PP„ containing 24 S 2 roods in the parish of Corindhap there wem objections to the granting of the lease from Messrs Laurison and Carr. Mr Townsend M'Dermott appeared for Harrison, and Mr t B. Pearson for the objectors. Tie case'lasted for many hours, the applicant (Harrison) beiut subjected to a long cross- examination. Hat rison was the first applicant, but it was proved that Laurison and party had seen in negotia tion with tho landowner pricr to Harrison’s application for lease. Considering the revival iu mining in Rokewood the laid in question is valuable. Mr Leader, who toik lengthy notes of the case, will give his decision in due course. Mr Wade, the assistant clsrk of courts, left yesterday afternoon for Moi bourne, where ha will assume duty in the Petty Sessions office. Tho annual tea meeting in aid of the Happy Valley Wesleyan Church was held on Monday 29th April. The tables were waited upon by the ladies of the district, who also had the church nicely decorated for tho occasion. Con sidering the inclement state of tho weather the attendance was very good. After the tea a sacred programme was supplied, with ad dresses by the Rev. Solloway, the newly appointed minister for the circuit, and Mr J. W. Nattrass, Church of England reader [or the Linton district. The Linton Hand of Hope provided the programme. An enjoyable entertainment was provided at tho Town Mission Hall last night, when Mr J, West Lau delivered his interesting and instruc tive lecture on “ Flags and their uses." Mr R. M’Gregor, M.L.A., occupied the chair. A social,was held in the State school, Happy Valley, opj, Friday, 2(ith April, in aid of the funds of Sti Mark’s Church of England. There was a fair attendance. A short programme, consisting of glees, p duets, songs, recitations, and a dialogue by the members of the C.E.T.S., was. well rendered. Mr Nattrass was in the chair, and the Rev. M. D. Williams was amongst those present. After the programme the audience entered into games of a social character, the proceedings terminating so as to allow all to reach their homes before mid night.' • Track-cutting in East Gippsland is not a success. Having sneered at the attempts oi M’ColI and M’Intyre to find profitable work for the unemployed, the present Minister of Mines essayed to do something more satisfac tory. He called for tenders for cutting a 5-feet track to Omeo, and, having ascertained from the tenders sent in the estimated worth of the job, he put on a number of the unemployed on the bhtty-gang system, under the supervision of Mr Methven,. with the result that after catting about 30 miles —not 5 feet, but 2 feet G inches wide—they reached an impassable barrier of rock. The track thus cut is useless, and it is to be presumed that £l!00 at least is lost to the State. The Treasurer, unless ha looks mors sharply after his colleagues, will have to impose some new tax, or add another 3d to the telegraph rates. A statement regarding the celibacy of the Catholic clergy, published iu the London Times and Ohbc, was reproduced in the Aye a few days ago. Cardinal Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster, who is at present in Rome, appears to have made enquiry upon the subject matter of the articles at tho Vatican. The London Tablet, of which tho cardinal is fha proprietor, says in its latest number to hand;— “ Wa are in a position to give the follow ing categorical denials to the statements made: —We have the highest authority for saying—(1) that no proposal for the abolition of the law regarding the celibacy of the clergy has at any time beau brought before the Pope; (2) that tho question has not even been mooted at Rome; (3) that tho idea of such a change ns the abolition of the law of celibacy in the case of tho secular clergy would nob be entertained by the Holy Seo for i moment; (4) that it ■ is absolutely untruo to say that Lao XIII. personally would approve ct such a change.” One great obstacle, therefore, is likely to remain in the way of Lord Halifax * proposal for the union of the Anglican ana Catholic churches. Messrs Louie, King and Josephs, J’s.P., at tended at the Town Police Court yesterday and discharged two men who wera charged with insobriety. A meeting of the council of the Hiiversity of Melbourne (reports the Argun) was hem at Law Courts on Tuesday afternoon. Professor Irving was voted to the chair. On the recom mendation of tho professors of anatomy and pathology, Mr A. C. F. Halford, M.B., L • B., was appointed an honorary assistant de monstrator of pathology, and MrT. H n dj" 1 M.B., Oh. B., and Dr W. A. Wood, M.D, Ch. B., honorary assistant demonstrators anatomy. Dr F. D. Bird was appointed a lecturer on surgery, and Mr F. M. lecturer on mining. It is suggested that r fessor Krause, of the Ballarat School of - b > has been appointed to the lecturednp mining, but on being interviewed in teta to the matter tho professor stated that ns received no official intimation. The efforts that are being put forth by ' r ‘ mere to render tho cost of production mensurable with the returns is demons by tho following extract from Fridays is*- the Swan Hill Guardian: —“Mr C. D. • • son, of Lake Bnga, has had made to or i the firm of T. Robinson and Cm, * stump-jump paring plough. This is implement of tho kind introduced i raallee, and tho efforts Mr Anderson is P forth in tho direction of cheap pt ■ » sa should prove of the utmost value to the settler. Tho implement is now at ' vor J‘ ‘j, Anderson’s farm, and is proving a success ns far ns cheap production is co I This will be at once seen when it * j, contract has been taken for working •' ,-i at Is 3d per acre, and it is alleged • acres are being turned over per day. „]« a sweep of SJ feet in width, plons » wor sied and lays the furrow over well. . Lriencid with eight horses, and no trouble is ex P' „(ed innegotinting tho stumps. Farmers'i would do well to visit Mr Andersens see the implement work.” . , 5 Referring to the meeting of the ? ha r e ])t o. of the Colonial Bank on Tuesday, an ,. (Q posal to reduce tho rate of intern-t depositors, the Argus says:— _ I s . sc hema owing to the colony that, whenever - [fie of reconstruction of any bank J hrea ■ “ inaD ent new arrangements made shall he oi v , t t t, a and final character. Hence we th* men tof, new terms should include— 1st, lv ithio, say, 10 per cent, of tho old indebte - say, 12 mouths; 2nd, the c ™ VL ' r3 ‘'’" b i a nnlT one-half into permanent stock, roo . at the discretion of the directors, & terms for the release of the rema' „ (Id with reduction of the rate of interest, ■ effl . the condition that excess p - n 7 ml "f ’ . j a tjd ployed in the redemption of the n , f0 na» deposit receipts; and 5th, a K”a ‘i 1< ,i c }era depositors and current accoun cr( >ditor’- they shall stand in front of the afraid Without some such conditions that reconstruction will prove t has re* Mr T. Chuck, of the Queen Acting-: ceived a letter from the excellency Governor, notifying tl J?k , '!’ tron ago (t° 1 pleased to grant his official p- Chuck) as photographer. I 