CICELY AND MDGE. CHAPTER XVIII. Wheu St. John returned to the room he saw Madge standing white and ghost-like, wistfully looking out of the window. 'Madge!' he said, in a conciliatory tone. 'I am obliged to go away suddenly.' Ha watched her under his eyelids, and saw her visibly brighten at hearing this. ' But/' he continued, ' I cannot have you in this hotel to which you were brought by a man. Have you any acquaintance in this city to whom you can go for the present?' 'Oh, yes, several!' said Lady Madge, eagerly. Oh, if she might enly be spared that man's com pany ! ' Well, and I will take you ; bufc there must be bo sending to Lorrimer.' ' No, no ! I give you my word if you will leave me, I will stay where you wish, do what you wish. I will do anything !' His lips curled. ' That is complimentary. Anything to be rid of me ! Well, so be it. I will see if you are not kinder when I have to be with you.' Madce went into the inner room and put on her walking-clothes and returned. She was almost joyful at this escape from living even a day as the wife of St. John. She loathed herself that she was even civil to him, and did not denounce him ; but she w»3 so terribly weak and nervous, she could not make up her mind what -.vas right or wrong in the case. ' Where will you go ?' asked St. John. ' I will .go and see about a carriage,' His object was to get her away quietly from the hotel, and under the belief that she was going to a friend she would go willingly. She mentioned a lady whom, as Madge was never to reach her house, it matters not to name, and St. John left the rooms. The carriage had arrived, and he went to direct the coachman to drive to a certain private lunatic asylum in the euburbb and warn him that the lady he was to drive was insane; that he must not take any notice if she should cry out or attempt to get through the carriage- window. He slipped a sovereign into the man's hand to purchase his good will, and then returned to Madge, ?who wa3 trembling with eagerness to go to her friend. Only this very morning she had dreaded to see any one who had ever known her j hut any evil now . seemed preferable to the terrible one of being forced to live with the man she had married. She descended to the carriage, followed by St. John. When seated, she leaned back and closed her eyes. The belief that she was to be reprieved from her nij^o/viia fata tnoa c/\ fw&jripi.i; t-n 1*1%. f-l*n4- nU/* P «1 *? £***? the moment at rest. She. knew Dublin well, and that the house to which she was going was very near the hotel. She was first roused from the quiescent state into which she had fallen by the thought that they seemed to have come a long way. She looked out, and saw they were in a part of the city quite un familiar to her— certainly not in the direction of her friend's house. 'This man is going wrong,' she said. 'Stop him, pleaBe.' ' Let him alone ; he knows his way,' said St. John, quietly. 'But thi& is not the way,' said Lady Madge. She had no distrust as yet, for sha believed St. John was merely thinking the driver knew his own ?business better than she did ; but when she found she could not induce him to expostulate, she began fear. Her heart beat. What if she bad been only entrapped into leaving the hotel, so that her one | staunch friend might lose traces of her ? She sat silent a few minnteB, refusing to credit her fears, and then sho took the matter in her own hands. They had turned a corner, and she perceived they were driving along the Grand Canal, and she She shook the windows in front. St. John forced her back into her seat, but she cried desperately : 'Stop! Stop!' with all the power of her voice. ' I will go no farther ! I will not be taken ? ' St. John's small hand was pressed to her mouth. I vain she struggled, hi3 arm was fast round her neck, his hand on her Iip3. The struggle waa very short, for, succumbing to her terror and her weakness, she fainted. Poor, poor Lady Madge ! Where were her zeal ous friendb now ? Before she had regained her senses they reached a pair of iron gates, over which a lamp swung, and the carriage turned in and drove up a long sweep to a great dreary, white house, with closely grated windows— a house that vould have appalled a stouter heart than hers, had she been able to see it. St. John got out of the carriage and asked to see the proprietor'. A few words only passed between them, and two stout women were called, and un ultPPy Madge was carried through those grim portals, over which might well have been written Dante's words: ' Renounce hope all who enter here !' CHAPTER XIX. Lorrimer heard Terry's Btory in' silence. Hs ?-,-.;? knew how little be could do against St. John, armed with a husband's terrible authority. He had eagerly heard Terry's hint as to the possibility that Lady Madge's marriage was no marriage at all ; but he could not use this suspicion until he had made inquiries, and to do that he must ^go or write to London. No, all ho could do now was to go to the hotel and, if possible, see Hadgo, even in her husband's .presence. Now, too, that he was with her, he could take a room in the hotel and, to a certain extent, watch over her. 'Jennie,' he eaid, 'you come with me and wait in the carriage outside, while I go in and eee Lady Madge. You may bo needed.' . ' Jennie was ngreeable to anything that wonld ?help her dear mistress, and they started. Jennie ?had walked to Mr. Lorrimer's hotel, and when she ?reached it she had to wait some little time before he came. He had been to consult a lawyer whom he know in the city, and learned he could do absolutely nothing, which, however, brought them to the Queen's Hotel a few minutes after the ?carriage containing Madge and husband had driven ? -. .away. When Lorrimer heard that they had both gone out, he knew not what to think. Tired as she was, Madge would never have gone out if she could have was no treachery at work. He looked and inquired for Terry, and, not finding him, felt relieved, for he felt sure he had done as. he had been requested — had gone after them. There seemed nothing to ? be done then but to wait for him; any step he took prematurely might ?be in a wrong direction. He went out to the car '???'.? riagc in which Jennie was seated and told her to remain there, to watch if Terry came, and ha wonld go inside and do the same. He was very anxious ?new to avoid being seen by St. John, and he there fore asked for a private room, and told the waiter as a pretext that he wanted to engage Mr. St. John 8 former valet when he should come in, and desired he might be sent to him when he returned. He had what seemed to him a long time tx- wait, and he was beginning to fear that Terry might be waiting at the Gresham for him, when the valet was shown in. His look was wildly excited ; he did not wait for Lorrimer to spaak, but exclaimed directly he saw him : ' Ah, Mr. Lorryraore, sir, he's got her away, but, bad cess to him, I know where she is, an' we'll get her( again ! Oh, the poor darlint ! An' she was faintin' when she was carried into the house, though 1 heard her in the carriage a-boggin' and a-intreatin' not to go.' ' But Terry, why did ? ' ' Ah, thin, sir, what c'u'd I do against her hus ban' ? Sure, ye said yerself no one c'u'd interfere openly ; but, though me heart was broke, I thought it was better to keep onto the back av the carriage an' see where she went than expose meself to be sint back, and do her no good at all, at all !' 'Right, Terry; very right! You had more sense than I had, but where is she ? Tell me all!' Terry then related how he had gone behind the carriage till it stopped at a large house about a mile this side of Clondalkin, and though Lady Madge had been heard to struggle against going further before she got so far, there had suddenly come a silence, and she was carried out by two women, a gentleman coming outside to the carriage and seeming to superintend them. 'What sort of a house was it?' asked Lorrimer. ' A great, dreary- lookin' house, and the name av ' Doctor Marsh' was on the gate. I didn't dare go in the gate, for I didn't want to be seen ; so I just looked through an' saw all. An' whin the carridge vaiuv uuu wju iu.i. or. joiin, oemnc j. juinpea up ag'in. An' here I am.' ' Well done, Terry ! Stay here. No ! Jennie is waiting in a carriage below. She must be tired. Do you know anywhere that she can lodge comfort ably ? I hope we shall have need of her services for Lady Madge again before long ; but she must have a home meanwhile.' ' Leave her to me, sir. I'll take her to a decent lodging kept by a friend of me own, in a jiffy.' ' That's right ! Take the carriage, and then, when you have settled her all right, go to the Gresham and wait for me. You can enter my ser vice from to-night ; but we'll talk of that later. I am going now to see who Doctor Marsh is.' Lorrimer forced himself to be calm. He counted very much on Terry's co-operation ; but he saw how excitable he was, and that if he allowed himself to show his agitation the other might become reckless. And, of all things, caution seemed most necessary now. He went down stairs with Terry to assure Jennie she would be looked after, and then he returned to the office of the hotel, and found, to his horror, that Doctor Marsh kept a private lunatic asylum, about which many strange stories were told. He understood all now. There was not a doubt of what had happened, and, he could do nothin g If he went and swore she was sane, of what avail would it be ? Her husband had placed her there. He guessed by what means. Oh, the unutterable torture of the thought that this lovely girl, so innocent, so blameless, was even now enduring the horror of hearing the terrible sounds uttered by her fellow-captives ! And knowing herself sane, to be there, and none to help her ! She would not even know that he was aware of her peril, or she might be sure he would succour her at his life's cost. x-uo Lo-nigac nccning coma oe aone ; it was already too late ; but to-morrow, please God, she should know at least sho was not deserted. But all the misery Lorrimer's imagination de picted fell far short of the fact. (To be continued.) ? 