LITKBATUHH..1 My Lifetime. By John -Hollingsheaj). CHASTER XXVIII. Once more, in April, 1871, we turned ourselves ' into an opera-house,- properly so-called, and pro.-, duced Lortzing'e popular German opera, ' Czar and Zimmerman,' under the title, which I gave it, of 'Peter the Shipwright.' Mr. Santley played Peter, the Emperor-ehipbuilder. I went to Holland and collected old prints to guide us in dressing the piece. Saardam was still Saardam, as in Peter's time, and was not even affected by the Franco- German war. The year 1871 was a busy one. We produced several light operas in the early part of the year — Balfe s ' lietty, and an original work by Emile Jonas on the subject of 'Cinderella,' amongst the rest. Jonas was a nervous composer, and, ?while Lutz conducted the rehearsal, Jonas ran along the front row of tiie stalls from one end of the orchestra to the other. This irritated the instrumentalists, parti cularly the chief drummer, and at last he threw down hh sticks and shouted defiantly, 'One blasted * conductor at a time 3 ' Early in 1871 M. Humbert, the manager of the Alcazar Theatre at Brussels, where 'Madame Angot ' was subsequently produced, expressed a wish to bring his company to London. The Alcazar -was a ' Smoking Theatre,' -with a sliding roof, like one or two of our music-hall?, but his company was an excellent one, and he was a very liberal and energetic manager. I saw the company at work, and approved of the scheme of a short London French reason, but M. Hnm bert wanted a couple of days before he could com plete the agreement. I filled up the time by rushing off to Coblentz. From there I went up the valley to Saarbriick, seeing remains of the Franco-Prussian war (just finished) on every side. At Saarbruck I saw a portion of the French army being sent back to Paris. It was not an heroic sight. They were dirty, drunken, noisy, and undisciplined. Without being a prophet or scenting the subsequent excesses of the Comtnuae. I pitied poor Paris ! I pushed on to the calm ancient city of Treve*, and after ex amining the grand Roman remains I was back in Brussels almost before my absence had been noticed. When I told M. Humbert where I had been, he looked upon me as another English ' eccentric.' The company came over and were well received ; such actors and actresses as Joly, Mario Warner, .Ed. Georges, Charlier, Giner, Mdlle. Gentien and Mdlle. Paolo Marie being good enough for any Parisian theatre. Their per formance included many operas, but Offenbach's ' Belle Helene ' was their best. While the Brjiesels company were at the Gaiety, and the Gaiety conjgany were in Ireland and else where,. I J5.du]gfidan a little zigzag tour. I went ovtr to T3ouiogh§;' atS. found it free from German occupation, but silent as the grave. Its. harbour and custom- houses were idle — paralysed by the German victory. A 'train took me very slowly to Auvens, where the Prussians in full uniform were swaggering up and down the platforms, with their heavy sabres clanking behind them. Another slow train took me to Paris, having to make; a, ? detour near Creil, because the railway bridge over the river had been destroyed. The Communistic^ fire3 in Paris were still smouldering. The Post Q-^ce, the Chamber of Deputies, and the . Wine Markets were still harbouring smoking timbers. The People's Theatre— the Porte St. Martin — was a burning ruin — the only theatre destroyed by the people ! . Funny, but terrible people i The Grand Hotel wa3 full of eand-bage, and was still an hospital. The garden round the Tour St. Jacques had been used as a hurried burial ground for dead soldiers and insurgents picked up in the streets. Here and there a boot and part of a trouser could be seen sticking up amongst the shrubs and flowtrs. The stone fronts of the tall houses were pock- marked with bullet -£pots. I went on to Macon — still slowly — to find more Prussians clanking along the platforms. They may not have been insolent, but they looked — victorious. I went on to Switzerland, then back to Baden, then on to Munich, and then across the Brenner to Venice. Like an operatic friend of mine, I was bitterly disappointed: with the first view from the railway station, bnt I did not, like him, turn my back upon the place and go back by the next train. I s iw its beaiitie?, and I saw ite defects. I thought of Rogers— poet and hanker — and wrote in the visitors' book of my hotel :i Her home is in the sea, And the rotten cabbage-leaf clings to the marble of her palace*. I did not confound the ' Bridge of Sighs,' as an eminent dramatic friend of mine once did, -with 'the bridge indicated in Hood's celebrated poem. I went to the palace of Lucretia Borgia -with my friend Madame Titiens in my eye and Donizetti's saccharine - melodies in my ear, and was a little shocked to find it turned into a Turkish bath (limited). I went to an opera at the TeaJro Malibran. in a gondola, which 'waited for me, and saw my ' jolly young water man ' passed into the pit as a reward for bringing the illustrious gentleman. It was July — a hot July — but I was not bitten by mosquitoes. I went back to Milan, where I saw the vast theatre of the Scala, politely lighted np forme by a guide with a guttering penny candle ; and -L tried to get a ennstroke, and nearly succeeded; by walking in mid-day across an open square without an um brella. I went on to Turin— the city of alleys— and had a little of my theatrical conceit taken out of me when I sat at the Tea' ro Alfieri in a comfortable stall armchair and,saw a grand opera and a ballet for 'a/ehiljUng. S.I went back into France on my way home, over and not Tinder Mont- Cenis. Fell's flying raiLway wag then running over this portion of-the Alps, and giving the sensation of a balloon voj age without the ritk of aerial travelling. A very hurried, superficial journey, do doubt, but better than no journey at all for an ignorant cockney. „ After the French plays a short season of ' legi timate drama,' under the direction of Mr. Walter Montgomery, filled up a few weeks while my re gular company were on tour, and we even ; attempted ' Hamlet.' I defined the ' legitimate drama ' broadly as a drama whose authors were * 'Elattcd': word made classical by Lowell in the 'fijglow Papas.' dead, and whose copyrights had expired. Mr. Walter Montgomery was an actor- manager, like Shakespeare ; but, unlike Shakespeare, he played all the chief characters. Shakespeare contented himself with the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' and for a very good reason. It gave him two clear hours to look after the money and checktakers. Walter Montgomery was a very good Hamlet, but ' ' Hamlet ' ' at the Gaiety was like the fly in amber. Later iu the year poor Montgomery made an un happy marriage, and committed suicide. We dabbled a little in the poetic drama, with the aid of Dr. Westland Marstou and Miss Ada Cavendish, and early in November I produced my e6cond deodorised play — Congreve's 'Love for Love.' I advertised it by printing the following short history : — ' Ijove for Tjove,' the third comedy written bv William Congreve, was originally produced on April 30th, 1G95, at the opening of the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatie, a house built by the author, Betterton, Mrs. Barry, and Mrs. Brace- ' girdle, on the site of the Duke's Theatre ' in Portugal-row, a locality chiefly known of late years in connection with the Insolvent Debtors' Court. The original cast of cha racters stood thus :— Valentine, Betterton ; Ben, Doggett ; Foi-esight, Bradford ; Tattle, Bowman ; Sir Sampson, Underhill ; Scandal, Smith ; Jeremy, Bowen ; Trapland, Trefusis ; Angelica, Mrs. Bracegirdle ; Mrs. Frail, Airs. Barry; Miss Prue. Mrs. Ayliff; Mia. Foresight, Mru. Bowman ;? and the Nurse, Mrs. Leigh. The corners* was ' so succesf ul for t ose days —being performed 13 times in succession— that Betterton and his brother managers offered the author a whole share in their profits on the sole condition of furnishing- them annually -with a new play. '? Love for Love ' contains moie witty dialogue and variety of character than 'any of its author's other works ; and, as Congreve confessedly stands before Vanbrugh, Wycherley, and Faixjuhar, it may be taken as the best re presentative work of its period — a period exceedingly rich in English comedy. Much of the ' wit ' I have, of course, been compelled to cut out, not in deference to the wishes of the Lord Chamberlain, who claims no control over the masterpieces of English dramatic literature, but to satisfy my own sente of decency. Some portion of the dialogue I have also sacrificed io bring the comedy within the limits of an ordinary acting modem play ; but there are many people— thankful for small mercies— who will perhaps accept even a mangled version of Oongreve in preference to no Congreve at all. Though the construction of '? Love for Love ' is a little old-fashioned, I have done nothing to it beyond reducing the criminal five acts to three — treating it with more '* reverence ' than I was compelled to bestow upon Sir John Vanbrugh's '? Relapse,' produced at the Gaiety Theatre April, 1870, under the title of ' The Man of Quality.' The character of Ben in ' Love for Love ' is interest ing as being the first sketch of a British sailor on the English stag-e— and it is curious to notice that he is not in vested with any of that nobleness and generosity so common in his dramatic successors. His first representa ? tive, oddly enough, was Mr. Doggett, the actor, who is now chiefly remembered by his legacy of a coat and badge, which i& annually rowed for on the river Thames, from London Bridge to Chelsea, by six young watermen. This is a perpetual compliment paid to George I. by the actor. The character of Miss Prue is interesting as being the original of a long line of stage ' hoydens ; ' and Old Foresight, though generally considered jan obsolete sketch, because he believes in astrology, which has gone out of fashion, ia not obsolete as a representative of superstition. The piny, though it has hah a long rent, has been per formed at various times and places during the last two centuries, and notab'y at Vanbrugh's theatre in the Hay market— the predecessor of the Opera House -by a com pany of women in 1705. JOHN HOLLIKGSHEAD. Miss Ada Cavendish was iu the cast. Miss Prue was represented by Miss Farren, and Ben by Mr. Stoyle. The performance was much criticised, favourably and unfavourably, but I gained publicity and advertised the theatre. I gave this and similar pieces the general name of the Wardonr-street Drama. *? Belle Heleae' in English was the afterpiece. After an absence of four years from, the London stage, Mr. and Mrs. Bjucicault appeared at the (Gaiety at the end of November. They acted in several of Mr. Boucicault's pieces, and, amongst the rest, in a new drama called ' Elfie,' and au Irish version of 'La Joie Fait Peur.' The Christmas piece of 1871 was chiefly remark able for one thing — it brought Mr. W. S. Gilbert and Mr. Arthur Sullivan together for the firat tune in ?», two-act -operatic extravaganza called 'Th(£Bpifl.M Musically it suffered a little owing to the two chief parts being necessarily repre sented by Mr. Toole and Miss Farren ; but it had Miss Loseby, Miss Tromaine, Mdlle. Clary (who remained after the French Company left), Mr. Wood, Mr. Sullivan (Arthur's brother), and other vocalists, with a trained chorus, and the Payne family as pantomimists. Though an elaborate two act piece, it was not offered to the public alone, it was preceded by Byron's drama ' Daarer than* , Life.' The table d'hote at the Gaiety was always ample. Simultaneously with the production of 'Taespis ' at the Giiety, I produced my firet pantomime at the Crystal Palace (by contract), on the subject of the 'Forty ThieveB.' It had the advantage of the pick of the Gaiety company (barring Mr. Toole), as. the Crystal Palace worked by day and the Gaiety by night. The pantomimists included the Payne family — a host in themselves — ani the irrepressible 'Turtle Jones,' who played the Policeman. That ad mirable and decorous pantomimist, Mr. Paynp, senior, was shocked by Jones, who threw himself out of a first-floor window, waving his truncheon in the air, and falling as contentedly on. hid back aa if the stage was the softest feather-bed imagin able. The water cascade, which was the great feature of the transformation scene, was equal to i real 'fall' in Cumberland or Westmoreland, and the effeot was liberally praised by the press. I may, perhaps, be excused for printing the follow ing letter from Mr. {now Sir) George.Grove :— Crystal Palace. Mt Dbab Hoixixgshead,— I can't go away without , writing one line to tell you how very much pleased lam with the way in which youfaave carried out your contract, bo far. It is decidedly the best pantomime we have had for .many years, and a credit to bath your tide and ours. You know me enough to understand haw great the relief is to me to find the first day so veil 'over. Many thanks to you for it. ' ' -?-?.,.:-. . . Yours very truly, * .- ??';-?? ? - ' ?' G.-Gbovk. -..? Thursday fDec, 21, 1871], 6,15 p.m. ; ^ - Soon after Christinas we produced, for matinees only, Suppe'e operetta, ' Tae Beaulifui'Galatea,'; and it was impossible not to be struck with its similarity in story ? and character, to Mr. W. 8. ? Gilbert's Hiymarktt comedy of 'Pygmalion and Galatea.' 1 drew Mr. Gilbert's attention to the close resemblance. He admitted the fact, but assured me he had never seen or heard of the German work before it appeared at the Gaiety. It is well known that -certain Vagabonds desire nothing better, especially when the cold weather comes on, than to be arrested and .locked pp, in order that they may be taken care of for a while. One of the fraternity succeeded in getting himself arrested for vagrancy, andonthe^ray -to the lock-up herwas &o; overjoyed at the prospect of not having to sleep ' in the open air that he behaved somewhat boister ously. ' Keep quiet,' threatened the policeman ; ' if you don't ru let you go i »* 