WIDOW iATSON. '-o Br R. P. W4tTwoRT9. A wet Christmas. You know what that .means on the, diggings. It means hot, muggy wather; mud up to your knee ; 'damp,' dirt and discomfort generally, But it also meansiFt big washing up, and, consequent, plenty of g Id with its con eomitants-drinking, gam ling, riot,, dis order, and deviTs dance enerally - that characterise- the diggings, or ratter did characterise the diggings. of. let us ay,, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid s adow the early days-on the goldfiolds seeme. to cast over the memories of those who' h ve- lived, Ibng enough to recollect them.. The days of easy gettin and' reclfess spending, of'desperate toil a imad revel,, of hardship and danger and' thoiltless- waste, of crime, perhap-,.and sufferin .. And' yet from% out of tho e-. d'ar- days, from amidst those- bands of careless and lawless- adventurers, even now and' again, shine-out vivid gleams of God's own sun light, that show all the- more- brightly for the murky clouds by which, they. are en- vironed. Siuchl a one of'many It have known' occurs to-me now. A- wet. Christmas,. or -rather- Ofiristmas. Eve,. on ithe- Walialla diggings.. There- had' been, a weelise rain and1 Stringer's Cree*e and the Thompson.were running bankers-to the Iakes below.. The-rounded Humpn of Mount Baw'Bkw boomed hazily through the- light drizzlb, booR;ng all the- miles he was distant,. instead; of, as he was wont in, fine weather;, appear ing almost to overhang ihe valley on the steepphill sides of which the miners- sought their richi treasure: The-roads and tracksl suci as: they were, were- covered wili- a. thick layer of yellbw mire and slush, and' all' nature seemed as miserable and dejectedt as-she- usually does. undersuch' conditions. In' the- afternoon, however; the rain' partily-cleared! offand the sun even-got a elance now and' again- to- lighten, up, the prospect witH a- tearful smile. But melancholy as everytihing outside, within dbors- there were very high jinks. ind'eed, and' the soundi of revelry,. not to-say devilry, impregnated with thie fumes of tobacco-and the odour oFrum; and fringed with a garniture of choice-digger blhsphemy, esuxcd from every hotel and shanty inthe township. Tni a word;, money was plentiful, the- men were in high spirits, and Bullocky BenS the B1urly-landlbrd of the Pick and Shovel, who was usually of a, grumbling 'dispositionj was heard to declare- that there had" not been, such' a bust up since- he'd bleen, i the country. Drinking, swearing; smoking;, dancing, singing, quarrelling, and' above- all, card playing were in fill blast, and poker, eucfre; eribbage, Yankes grab, and other devices, by which- the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty keepers ease the miner of his liard won gold, went merrilyon. Why try to' describe the scene any further ? Those of the-oldenw time who have leennin it will' easily realise- it, those who- have nio never can. Tlat afternoon, or; rather, evening, 'just as the sun was giving a farewell glint,. prior* to-going to bedf behind' the Western ranges, the- slosh, slos-i of a heavilv shod' man might have behen' heard' leisurely tramping throtugh the wet scrub- and deep mud'fi6omi the directibn of the' Tutal Chain mine, and' maliHig for the township. Presently he emerged from the iushi into' view. He was a- hib, stal'wart fellow, black bearded, and browned by exposure-to'-the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard featured, withi that far-off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so' surely of the stern battle' of life fought, yet not always won: He- was clad: in the inevitable- slouched! billy-cock hat,. a rough, blue jumper and moleskin trousers, stained" with slusli and bedauhed with clay. He lboked the very picture of what he was-a- hardy, fearless, roughr-and-tumble,. old-time digger,. equal to- either fortune;. and ! ready at any moment for either -a feast or aw friay. Curly, for tlat was tdie soubriquet by-1 which ihe was mostly known, was indeedl at! hard case';: honest, indeed, indostrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to'be feared,. of a hard?Fiving;. hard'-swearing,. graceless reprobate, a type' of a class- of 'whichr there-! were so many in those days. As Ie came-down the' hill and: approached' the fallen' tree that served as a bridge' overi the- yellow rushing creek, a sudden' huavy: downoulr of rain caused him to- turn aside for sliefter in a' little shed attached to a' smallslab lnut a little' way back from the track, and' without intending to he "an' eavesdropper he coul'd not help' overhearing what was being said inr this sorry dwelling. By and'by his- attention and' his curiosity were aroused, and' as by moving a little and: peeping between a slit in the logs, hecouldt see without being seen, lie looked in: The room was me:inly and scantilyi furnished, and by the' empty fireplace seated! on a'low stool was a woman of' some thirty years of age; She had a grey, faded, sorrowful look- the sad wan' look that patient resignation' to evil fortune stamps on the face so cer tainly, and alas r so ideli:hy. Leaning on her lap' and gazing intently into her face was a lit tle boy-barely a baby,, hagrdly two year.' old -- and on a' roughly constructed hunk of sapling sat two other children-girls, of about four and six respectively. They were- the widow Mrs Watson amn family-the widow arid fatherless children of Harry Watson,. an industriou' miner, who'i had been working at the' Long Tunnel, and' who had been accidentally killed by the falling of a tree some eighteen months before, The companry had buried him and had: donie s'omething for the widow eertairily, Sbua oaso little for her needs, and she had eked oat a .living by washing and doing seedlerorkr ; but she was very reserved, and: ineter paraded': her poverty, she :semed-toa have dropped out of iiind. 'se: dbin to baid my 'toi' op to' Fanta Flaus to- put somefin' in ' dey we's dave a ioodd dinner, :eh, mamma ' the-little one said as. Oiuly peered in. The widow's eyes Sfiled with tears,. but she made no- reply. ' Santa; Claus doesnoteconmeso' high. up in. these ranges as we- live," said, the- elder, girl. ' Yes he dbes,r said the younger. ':Don't ,you remember once at Christmas he put 'something in our stockings .' I got a bright new sixpence- and- a, dol1; But that was 'before pad.died.' * 'Oh,. ehildren3 children," said' the widow, ichoking back a sobs and smiling, or trying to Ismile,. through' her fast failing tears, ' we -are poor - very. poors. but never mind, •we shall be better eoff some- diy, aud- then 'and then Btb the. poor womarz?iroke down and wept Isilentlv. '- What makes.you.cry so, ma '. asked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded. face with his chubby hands.. 'Oh,.mydarlings,. my poor innocent help l'ess littlbone,, you will' break my heart with your prattle. I cry- because I ha-ve no. food to give-you, hardly any; firing, no, money, no, anything-a little dry" damper, that is all;. 'when that is:gone, God' help-us.' ' Gods will help us, mamma; you ha.re often told' us so. Besides I, am not. hungry.-at least, no very.' COtly could bear-no more: He-made-once as if'he would'have knocked -at the doorebut after a moment's- .hesitation. lie turnedisoftly away.. The rain had ceased, yet in, the-sinking sun there-sparkled= in. his: big black beard two dt+ops, bright. as;.diamonds,. and as, precious, toot;: but they were not drops of rain:. The Pick: and' Shovels-and; for the- mat, ter of that,. every other-hotel and shanty in, the-township--was doing a roaring. trade that evening, and: Bullocky Ben,. His- wife, Jim, the barman,.Moll Dowd (the- big, red haired'servantgirl); ands Hoppy Jbe (lie odd'job -man)' were as' busy' as they, could be,. reaping; in.the- goldbn harvest. The bar was fall, the- parlor- was full,. so, was the. Iong; dining-roomi, so, was, the kitchen.. The-at'mospliere was- thicib witti tobiacco' smoke;. the noise- was uproarious,. as Chrly, strode-in from the-mud- puddle that didrduty as the main- street.. '-"ello, Curly,' shouted' Long Ned, tle packer,as.lie caught sight of£OCel's face in, the dborway. '-Where- you- lieen: Dkrn: me; if you dbnlt lbok: as seared- as-if you!d. seen a- ghost There- was a hll:iu'ttie hubbub' as. every- one in the room' turned tolbok at. the- new- comer's solemn counteuance:. He did, look; scared, enough;. inh sob ', fct. Bboys,rsaidi Ohrly, impressively;. ' II ha'e seen a' ghost, and- such, a ghost as. I can't say I'm' sorry .fr seeing. And' it's- fetoliedi me,. you, bet-fetohed' me- up' alli standing,. as, a feller may say.. There- was. at dhadl silence;. andi someone asked ' What have-you, seen, V '-A ghost,. mates-the-gliost, of d'ays Ibng: gone-by,. the- ghostl of: fbrgotten' thingsi, the. ghost of undone duty. The menlbokedi at liim-andl at eachl other' in surprise ;:even, the-card; playersi suspendedi .Itheir games.. 'Bbysi' lie-went on; '-I'rev seen, this; even' ing'what's broughit the- salt- water- ihto, my Seyes, and'by OGorge- ! 1 ain'It asliamed to-say? it. You' all remembeF poor- Harry Watson,. as was killed: at the-Long Tunnel, itwo, year since- come- June- l , ' Yes,- yes: ' Well, liappened' t~o' be passing tlihe widder's this afternoon and turned: into-the Iban-to-for slielter'out of: the rain;,. and there F see- audi bear summut as laid' me- out;. knocked' thie sawdust clean' out of me:. There Swas that creature- a.sitting. crying over them' fatlierless-ba?bies--crying,~ mates, ow account: Sof' hiaving nofood' to, give- them.. Think of that,. boys,. this: blkssed' Christmas time;. andi no fbod; to'give them. couldn't stand' their Sinnocent talk, by G'eorge; 11 couilh't;: I had; to, cut and; run: RIF hadn't I~ should have _luhlied'r rilght out? Now, you've all heard of that Santa" Olaus as:brings? things- fbr- kids on- lhri'stmas Eve-' ' Yes;. yes.' "Very well,. This liere'" Oirintmas- Eve;. and' we've' liad' a good washing up;. al of us;. Now, what I mean' for to- say is this, that Wa'halla' not going to- be" plitayed' so row. down, on-as not to- have a Santa! Olaus of its' own. And' that Santa Crsus- is going- to: the widdb'er' this very nightt,. on the quiet;. as it were: We ain:t a mean' rot of skunl~sr on these digging, not as I knows on" There's my hat, and there's my pounrd! note- in the crown of' it. Anybody can' cover it as B ndigo Sam;, tlhe biggest rough and bu'll' and' the most inveterate goambler on' the field.. rose quietly from thie. tahble, saying. in a q~ie~ t I voice- - 'Put down your cards, boys; T'mn in- this: I: reckon:. There's- my poundc. Wo's ne?st, 'hoys - There wars no; need' to ask. ln a moment Clry was osuroundd; by a synmpeiteti Browd', ani notes, gofld and' silver were poured; into the hliat m ifby magie: - 'Pass it round- liere,r called-someone from tihe, bai"r and' tih Paictolean' stream rolled in: " Pass it round thbtownship ;I reckon'-we mountain boys do things right up to the nines: when we' do- them' at aill, cried one en thsiasticr contribuo tor, And it was.doe-.. Some gavein money, some in kind. The- afftauiv by- some means Bad spread throtugh- the place' and all gave something, Sthe result being that Santa, Clau must have had a: very big pack indeed -to hold half the offerirrgs of these rough and ,ready but gener onus dwellers in'the- wilderness-. The township- appeared to be oppressed with some great and profoiund seeret all that evening. - Men who -met finr the hotels, stores, or street whisperedto each' other mysteriously, Or conversed in low solemih tones. Even th' -r card'. ayers at aSthe. taverns. seemed to he preoccupied, and Bendigo Sam titice made a misdeld,fa thingbhe had never befor bhen known rito do within the memory :of b oldest ac'quaiiitance. -? -Quarrels. were- made up, old friendships which had been severed; renewed; and singu lar to relate; for the first time in the history of Walhalla, the eve of festival was allowed to pass without a fight or a solitary in idividualbeig 'run, in' to the police camp. It was as if the inhabitants had. had pre monition of some vast moral earthquake or ;volcanic eruption. At a little after midnight half a score- of stout fellows, each loaded upt with a package more or less~bulky and weighty, might have ,been seen- moving stealthily along the valley in the directiori of the widow's- residence: The rain. had ceased, and; as watery .moon :shone in the firmam-ent, now visible,? now 'obseured by the driving scud overhead, : There was not a sound, save the harsh brawling of- the- swollen, creek, ande the querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in. the distant bush, Noiselessly they approached the log cabin All was silence,. all darkness,. Noiselessly they laid down- their burdens! at the-door under- the- little- overhanging porch,.and as. noiselessly they glided' a-way again] fading out into the semi-darkness- like so.many shadowy spectres.. M1eanwhile-the children slept peacefulry,. dkeaming, it might be,.of the- angelic choii-) who. hailed the 'natal. day of the God-child: with exultant carols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen centuries before- slept,. each. with its little stoeking- piinezl1 above its-head in childish.fgfith- in the- dear old legend we all know and love- to teachl The hours of darkness sped.. The-bell bird and magpie hailed the- ad vent of the sacred morning with, the metallic music-of their joyous-notes, The rosy blush, of dawn. spread overt the. eastern sky;. lighting up- the peaks, that -rose tier after tier in the. grey distance: . The- fresh crisp wind rustled the- lhafy screen= of the lofty gums- and' the sweet scented' wattle-blossom. and' the mother rose from-her lowly couch to prepare- the meagre morning mealt with the moistiire in her eyes,. and!tlie dull;aching of bland: despair in her heart. Noneedlfor-her to look inteo those poor litsle stockings hanging at the bed's head' no-need'to'wake the- little sleepers to, the disappointment that must come-too soom She-went qpietly and silently to. work, built up'kindling for the- iire, then. opened the dbor to-get a stick: or two of wood fi'om. the-small store in the-shedi. Great heavens !. what was- this 4' Was- it a-dream.` Was- it a mockery- of the-senses-' Was-it witchcraft Fi . A heap-of packages huddled' into the-dboor way, and" on topmost; one- a card' was: securely sewn; and' bearing the inscriptibn- '"The Widow and: Ohildi-en, Watson,. fl-om Skata- Claus. -She staggered' back ihto-tie- room; and,. in &voice.; that seemed scarcely her owns called on the- little ones. to.wake-and: see- this m'r- vel' of marvels, Nfiarvel of'marvels indeed:. Wbnderrbeyond' all wondering.. The- very embarrassment of'richesi The-childrenmhad never.- seeneanything- like it before:. Flour;, tea; sugar,. butter;. eheese,,'`aconr. a fat goose,, tinriedi meats--why- go-on.enumera- Sting ?! There-was: everythihng human, eye- had! ever seen., or-human heart couldi desire.. Fbod'of allikiindsi materialb. for- clothing; such few- toys=as, the townshipcould' affordi poor-thihgs enough, but to, them, of priceless A4nd;,lkst'ofall thie-littib-boy came- to- a small parcel carefhlly- stitchedl upina a piece \- of oanvasi. '-lifere;.mamma,'ie- said', .he'is a inkle Heavy- one; I: tnt ift it. The- mother- raised it firom the-groundi. It was heavy-very heavy-for its- size-.. On opening it what was-her astonishment to- find- it filled' with- money, paper, gold,. silveroFfall denominations.. Herheart was full. aOh;.my darlings,' she- cried; in an- ecstacy offgratitude,. ewe. shall: never know want again,, never,, never, never.. Kneel down: /with, me- and! pray GObds best blessing: on' those- who;. at this- festive- season, have- not forgotten- to. remember the widow- and! the fathierless-in- their affliction. Yea, andi they shall be Bhlessed2. Amen,.andi'amen.. Beliind a clump-of bushi not very fiar dis tant,. might have- been the stalwart forms of Oiurly. As slie-felF on her knees, and lifted her- pa-le firce to heaven;, he flushed wed through- his bronzed skin, turned awkwardly away,. and! slunk quietly through, the bush1 as if afiaid of being deteated. Let us: go~ with- him, and leave- Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude- to the One who-reigneth eternal in theheavens1. a-nd whose mercy endareth for ever. I-l a a • i 1 