GENERAL BREVITIES Some of the best English jockeys earn above L100 a week. Only one person 'in four' in London earns over L1 a week. The art of knowing mon waybe learnt, but cannot be taught. Russia reported to be extensively buy ing Australian scoured wool. An exposition of arts and industrios wmll be held in the city of Mexico in 18906. The Chinese settlers of Formosa num ber fully 2,500,000 out of a population of 3,000,000. Japan is almost as large as California, having 147,000 square miles, while the American state has 158,000. The phosphate mines of Florida num ber 100, and they yield more than 500,000 tons of phosphate annually. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pictorially represent them as palo-faced women, with hair hanging over their eyes. The city built by Brutus, the semi mythical discoverer of Great Britain, on I the site of the present London, bore the name of Troja-Nora. 'The-West Virginia house of delegates has passed a law for ever disfranchising any man huving boen convicted of selling his vote jrof asking umoneyfor it. A London firm which has manufactured eight of the eleven cables linking the United States to England make tifty- I five miles of cable each - twenty-four hours. In each wing of the ostrich, twenty-six long white plumes grow to maturity in eight months. In the male theseare pure white, while those of the female shade to ecru or grey. .: Before semapblorc'signelling came into vogue on English railways a lighted candle at night in tl-o window of a station house signified "stop," while its absence indicated the line was clear. A native of Formosa- is not thought I worthy of any place in a tribe until h, has I brought home at least one Chinese head. 1 The greater the number of heads the higher lihe is.raised in the tribe. Mr John Ruok, an inventor, lihas suc ceeded in crossing' the" Channel in a cycle boat of his own designing. He travelled froili"IDover to' Calaie, ;a:" distance o twoeintyoiie miles,' in seveii'hdtirs'aiid a quarter. The-cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, half of which is to be provided by the I State and half by the city and the de- 1 partmient. It will be 33 miles in length, I including a tunnel four miles long. ' There are no telegraph poles 'in China. 1 This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow to fall on tho.-graves of their ancestors, which are scattered thiclly over the whole country. Conse quently all the telegraph wires are laid underground. The Government of Norway and Sweden have decided upon the purchase of the principal lines of railway now in i the hands of private companies in these countries. In Sweden there are 5454 miles of railway, of which only 1811 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coal dust has been brought out in Germany. The con sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with no smoke, while the heat produced is so intense that the apparatus has been adapted in Berlin t to smelting works and with excellent re- E stilts. More than half the world's supply of t tin is mined in the Straits settlement at t the tip of the Malay peninsula. The out put in 1891 was 30,061 tons, out of a total of 50,051 tons; 12,106 tons came from the Dutch East Indies, chiefly from the Island of Banks, leavinlg only 8384 tons for the rest of the world. Professor Blackie in his will has, it is i understood, left only L4000, having con- E voyed the bu'k of his property to Mrs Blackie before his death. His modern Greek library-said to be one of the finest in existence-lie leaves to Edinburgh University, and after Mrs Blackio's death q.Blaekiu travelling scholarship in Greek will be founded. The:aggregatoe extent of the tolegraph lines of the world, according' to the Hand- 1 book of the World's Transport Commis sion, which visits Victoria noxt week, is 750,000 miles,'with over 2,500,000 mniles of wire. Of this the United States hias 100,000 nmiles of lines, or nearly one quarter of the whole. The United Kinz dom lias 34,000 miles, or one twenty. first.-... " -' , . 'Thelio setiisticiari is abroad amongst': s. 'His latest calculation is to the effect that the propertion of railway passengers killed by accident on the 'line is in Eng land one in twenty-eight millions, in France one in nineteen millions, and in the United States one in two millisna four hundred thousand. " Of the capital invested in the world's railways, equal to ntearly 33 billions of dollars (over six billions sterling), the United States has ten and a half billions, or more than one-third ; England and WVales, nearly four billions, or not quite one-eighth i Russia, three and a quarter billions, or upwards of one-tenth ; Ger many, over two and a half billions, say ono-fifteenth ; and France, over two and a quarter billions."-From the Handbook I of thie American World's Transportation Comnmission. Tihe Fatler of the House of Commons (Right Hen. C. P. Villiers, uncle of Lady Lobch), is now im his ninety-fourth year, and for the last sixty years he has sat con tinuously as member for 'Wolverhlampton. Taking a retrospective glance down the long vista of his life (says our London correspondent), the venerable Parliamnen tarian remarked on Tuesday: "It is not a good thing for the country that its navy 'should be made the ball of party. We have been getting bohindhundl, whilo SFrance has been creepince on. Ihave been most inttrosted in reading Lord Brassey's suggestions about mianning the Navy. I can recall the time whoe everybody tliaghat it the right thing to sondason into the Navy, and it is unfortunate that the patriotic spirit should decline." When Mr Vilhiers begat his public lifo, Parlia inent was paramn?ount in thle education of the public mind. Now, he says, news papers and popular organisationsa are nearly as powerful as the House of Com. mona in the shaping of opinion, 