ST. GrAEELLE'S IM. . My Uncle Bayle was a inan whom ev ery one loved and welcomed as a visitor. His home was not as ours was, in the . little city of Mirepoix, but in a grand chateau, with crimson roof and shutters, in tho environs of Foix. A lawyer by. profession and pressed with business, he never let a fortnight piass without com ing to see our mother, and there were many of us to greet him, for Uncle Baylo was the eldest of 13 children, all of them, with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in the neighborhood of the family home, my sister and myself in tho homestead itself, with our infirm but pious and courageous mother, whom, as I told you awhile ago, Uncle Baylo came to see. "Uncle," said Dorothy one evening, the prettiest as well as the bravest of all our cousins, ' 'tell us a ghost story, please. We have heard all the others." "One cold autumn evening," said he, "some 40 years ago, I was returning from Toulouse, where I had been called on business. I was traveling fast and had already passed Auterive, where some friends had urged mo to stay the night, but I was hi a hurry to reach Saverdun, three leagues farther on, and continued my route. Just in front of the monastery of Bolbonne, in tho forest of Secourien, one of those furious tempests which spring up in the heart of the mountains without a moment's warning fell upon me. In less than no time it was as black as midnight find the road invisible. There was nothing for it but to turn about and ask for shelter at Bolbonne. In a little while my horse stopped, and I saw that we were before the door of an inn. I entered. The com pany was numerous aud composed of merchants, Spanish students aud the sportsmen of the neighborhood, sur prised like myself by tbe storm. " 'Truly,' said one of tho hunters, 'the -weather's devilish— a regular witches' sabbat.' " 'Pardon me,' cried a voice in a dis tant corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight nights and not in 6torms." "We all turned to see who had spoken and Siiw that it was a Spanish mer chant. None of us seemed disposed at first to answer a remark made with such solemn gravity. In fact, wo were as si lent as owls until suddenly my neighbor on the right, a young man of frank and pleasing appearance, burst into a fit of laughter. " 'Really,' said lie, indicating the mer chant who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the gentleman understood the hahits of goblins. Perhaps they've told you,' turning to him scornfully, 'how much they dislike to he wet and muddy I' "The Spaniard gave him a terrible look. " 'You speak too lightly, young man,' said lie, 'far too lightly of tilings you know nothing about.' " 'And you would have me believe that ghosts exist?' " 'Perhaps,' said the other, 'if yon are brave enough to look aud see. Here's a purse,' he. continued, rising and ap proaching the table, 'containing 30 gold en quadruples. I wager tliem all that in an hour's time I call before you the face of any oue of your friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom you may name to me". Moreover, when you liave recognized him, he. shall ap proach, embrace and salute you with a kiss. Do vou agree?' And as he asked the question the manner of the man was so impressive and stern that we invol untarily trembled. My neighbor only remained unmoved. " 'And yon can do all that? he" cried. "'Yes,' answered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 30 quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you will lose a similar amount if I hold to my promise and force you to believe.' The offer was at once accepted. "To guard against trickery aud decep tion, we decided to use a little pavilion situated in the outer garden, perfectly isolated and bare of everything but a chair and a table. After assuring our selves that there were no other issues than a door and a window, the student entered and, we left him to his fate, not, however, without placing beside him all the necessary writing materials and ex tinguishing the lights. "When everything was ready and we. had arranged ourselves in a circle around the door, the Spaniard, who had waited iu absolute silence till all was done, be gan to sing iu a low, sweetvoice, a verse, as near as I can remember, running thus: With a cracking noiso tho coffin bursts : In tho tomb, deep, dark and profound, . . And lie phantom white places his foot On tho soil of the cold, damp ground! ; -r "Theii, elevating his voico, he called to the student shut up within the pavil ion: >' " 'You have told me,' said he, 'that you desire to have a visit from the spirit of your friend, Francis Vialat, drowned three years ago while crossing the ferry of Pensagnoles. Now, what do you seeY . . . . ... '"I see nothing,' replied the student; but. stay! a white light begins to', lift itself yonder by the window, formless, shifting and like a floating cloud' — — ... "After/.a " moment's sileucs the Span- 1 lard begins to singagain, his voice deeper J aud gloomier thanbefore: J "And the ' phantom white, whom the rushing ' ; 1-aillS Li Had faded to a tir.t so fair, j " : ; ' , Wiped Willi his shroud and his skeleton hand The drops from- his face and hair."; . i - 