DISTRICT SYNODS . SYDNEY EAST DISTEICT. . Wednesday, 20th. (Continued), The financial sessions opened at 10 o'clock when the ex-preBident again took the chair. After devotional exercises the chairman appropriately welcomed the lay representatives. . Mr. Willard of the Newtown Circuit submitted the requisition of his quarterly meeting that the Newtown circuit.be ? that, t.hft nronnsfirl now r»irp.mfc include Tempe Park; North Botany, Botany Bay and Old Tern pe ; and that the Newtown circuit' give to the pro-, posed : ? new : circuit the following subsidies : £50 for the first year, £40 for the second, £30 for the third and £20 for the. -fourth year ; any circuit debt existing at the time of division to be borne in the following proportion : Newtown circuit two thirds and the proposed new circuit one third. The Eev. John Gardiner moved and Mr. Willard seconded the resolution. The Eev. George Lane said that some recent divisions had been attended with lamentable results. But this case was somewhat different. He was quite in agreement with the division as far as the number of churches were concerned, but he thought that without a permanent endowment to the parsonage he could not support the division. The Eev. J. 'W. Winspear said that on spiritual moral and other grounds the division j would be good. Mr. Johnston advocated, a great effort, £500 could be raised for the Tempe Park parsonage. Dr. Sellers said if this proposal meant another dependent circuit in the interests of Methodism, it must be opposed, but he jwould support the division on certain lines. The Eev. Geo. Lane moved as an j amendment: that the arrangement be j agreed to subject to certain conditions. j 'Pfio amAn^manf, wnn AnrriAfl hv a. lfl.rorA ! majority. The Eev. B. Caldwell sub- ] mitted the resolutions of the Wollongong | quarterly meeting in favour of the ? division of that circuit. The Chairman, Mr. Lane, said that apart from another- j consideration he would oppose the j .division on financial grounds. The Eev- j E. Caldwell proposed the resolutions of : the Quarterly meeting and Mr. Wise- j man seconded them. After prolonged, discussion at the suggestion of the chairman the resolutions were with drawn to be dealt with in another way by the superintendent minister of [the I circuit.. j An application was made from the Kogarah Circuit to be relieved from the obligation of taking a married min- j ister for the ensuing year, but was ! negatived by the vote of the. meeting. The Statistical Eeturns were reported as follows : — Churches. 49 : number of sittings, 12,129 ; other preaching places,. 29 ; school buildings, 118 ; parsonages, 16; ministers, 29; local preachers, 70 y class leaders, 75 ; members, 1846 ; on 1 trial, 169; adherents, 15, 200. Sunday School Eeturns, Number of teachers and officers, 695 ; scholars, 7258 ; catechumens, 415 ; young people's societies, 19 ; members, 628; Bands of Hope, 28; enrolled members, 2394. The 4 Eev. J. Gardiner moved the following resolution, which was unani- j mously adopted : — ' That we record our ' j gratitude to God for the success He has j graciously granted, especially in an in- j crease in the membership of the Church, ! as well as in other departments of our work. We deeply regret that in some ! branches we report a' decrease. We I recognise as our supreme need a richer' | baptism of the Holy Ghost. We devote' j ourselves with increased prayer aud earnestne'ss to God,. and to the hallowed : toil we love so well.' ; The Eev. G. Lane' was elected the ! District Eepresentative to the Station ing Committee and Coherence, and the I j Eev. J. Gardiner with Messrs. J. Vickery and T. Corkill as Eepresenta tives to the Distribution Committee. s ; Permission was recommended for th* leasing of land in the Wesley Chure/; i and B.andwick Circuits ; for the sale of oia parsonage site at xempe ana parson age property' in Cleveland Street arid ! Milton Circuits. Permissio.n was also , given to build a church at Oatley in the Kogarah Circuit. T' ] The question of the decrease of cir- ! cuit contributibns to the Siistentation arid Extension Society wa,s brought^ i under consideration and discussed. The Eev. Dr. Sellors having informed the Synod of his retirement from the office of Clerical General Secretary, it was agreed on the motion of the Rev. E. CaHwell, seconded by the Rev. G. Lane, — ' That we hereby express and record our high appreciation of the valuable services rendered to the so ciety and to our Church in the . colony during the seven years of Dr. Sellors' occupancy of the office, by his continu ous visitation of the circuits in city and country, his able advocacy of the so ciety's claims, his wise counsels and ever-ready sympathy with ministers and Church officers, and his unflagging zeal in prompting the interests of the Wes leyan Methodist Church, and of the Kingdom of Christ in New South Wales.' In reply to the question respecting grants from the funds of the Church Sustentation Society, the following recommendations were made : — Cleve- land Street, £77; Mt. Laohlan, .£70; Manly, £88 15s.; Kiatna, £123 ; Mil ton, £120 ; Randwick, £108 ; Kogarah (fnv ?fnrnit.nrp^ £50. In reviewing the income of the Eoreign Missionary Society, the Revs. Dr. Brown and E. Langham earnestly appealed for increased and enthusiastic interest ar-d support. Mr. Langham, who received a very cordial reception, referred to the marvellous success of the Eijian Missions as seen in the amount of £5000 raised in that Dis trict for Eoreigu Missions last year. W ith regard to the presence of the Rev. Mr. Jjangham, the Rev. A. J. Webb moved, the Secretary of the Conference seconding it, that : ' This Synod wel comes with peculiar pleasure the in clusion among its members the Eev. E. Langham, for so many years the Chair man of the Eiji District. It records its deep sense of the very lengthy, arduous, and highly efficient services rendered by bim in the mission field, and wishes to do him every honour for his work's sake. While thankful to the great head of the Church for sparing the life of Mr. Langham and his devoted wife through so long a residence in the tropics, it prays that their days may yet be many in which to use their experi ence for the benefit of the imperial cause of missions.' This was unani mously and heartily carried. On the question of Methodist Union the Eev. A. J. Webb moved : ' That whereas the report from the Eederal Council was not in the hands of the members of the Synod until the time of its first session, and therefore the mem bers had no opportunity of giving to it the consideration which its importance demands, and whereas the resolutions of the General Conference having rela tion to Methodist Union are merely recommendatory and permissive, this Synod recommends that no fuither steps, be taken towards pledging organic union until some definite and practical plan of financial and circuit adjustment has been matured by the Eederal Coun cil. submitted for approval to the quar terly meetings, trustees' meetings, and district synods ; also to the people of churches concerned, and endorsed by the Annual Conference.' Mr. Webb said that sentiment had been much appealed to in the past, now we came to facts. Our position is. that we do not care to move forward till we see our way, and commit ourselves to a principle till we perceive how it is to be carried out. It iB like driving a buggy into a pwollen stream without knowing where bottom would be found : once in you can't turn back. Then the people themselves should have an opponunicy of expressing an opinion on the detailed plan of union not merely on a general principle the bearing of which has not been shown th-m. The Eev. John Gardiner seconded the resolution, saving that the present time was not the time for increasing our'burdens. The Rev. Dr. Brown objected to re ferring, on the grounds that it would perpetuate the agitation. He moved an amendment accepting the resolution but omitting the words ' submitted for approval, et seg' The Rev. George Laue said that hit* heart for union, but his head was against it, and though ho might be willing to vote for it at some future time, yet that now, with the exceeding heavy church and circuit debts we had, heavier even than appeared, it was against his judgment to enter into any fresh responsibilities and incur new burdens. The Revs. J. Caldwell, J. Austin and Messrs. Corkill and Wiseman also spoke. The amendment was lost by 30 votes to 3, and the resolution was carried by 33 votes for, 3 against. The report of the Einance Committee engaged the attention of the Synod for a considerable time. The Report of the Church Einance Committee was brought under con sideration. With regard to the Chil dren's Eund, the Synod sustained the following recommendations : — 1\. ' That the Quarterly Meetings send in to the Treasurers annually a copy of each Q'iar'-er]y Balance-sheet.' 2\. ' That the Levy continue to be made as at present upon the average of three years' income.' 3\. ' That a printed model form of Balance-sheet be adopted for use by all circuits whether dependent or inde pendent.' Circuit Finance. That for the future all Grants to Circuits be prospective. That all such Prospective Circuit Grants shall absolutely discharge the Conference and the bustpntation So ciety from any further liability to the Circuit or the Minister, for the Con nexional year for which such grants are made. That on the Model Balance Sheet Ministers and Circuit Stewards be notified that no retrospective grants will be made, and that any Bank over draft obtained by them will be upon their personal responsibility, and that the Conference and Sustentation So ciety will not recognise nor be respon sible for any Circuit Debt existing by Bank overdraft or otherwise at the close of the Connexional year. That in order to introduce the sys tem of prospective grants to circuits in the year 1896-7, the following arrange ments be made : — (a) That the estimated deficiency in the funds of the Sustentation Society for 1894-5, viz., £1,400 with £1,600 to be granted to circuit deficiencies for 1895-6, and £2,500 for a special help fund for existing circuit debts be capitalised. This will leave the Sus tentation income for 1895-6 free for prospective grantB for 1896-7. (Z-) That the amount so capitalised, viz., £5,500, be borrowed from the Bright Bequest Eund for a term of 20 years, to be repaid, together with in terest added, annually upon the unpaid balance, at the rale of 5 per cent., in equal annual instalments, such instalments and interest to be a first charge upon the income of the Sustenta tion Society. (c) That it be a direction to the Dis tr bution Committee that the appropri ations for prospective grants shall in no year exceed the estimated income of the Society for that year. Should there, however, be any deficiency, it shall be a first charge upon the income of the following year. ( cl) The working out of the ' Special Help ' Scheme to be committed to the Clerical General Secretary of the Sus tentation Society, who shall visit the dependent circuits and assist in special efforts to raise money for the payment of existing circuit debts, and also in instituting better methods of local finance, with a view to making the circuits telf- supportirig. Provided that an effective system of deputation work on behalf of the Sociaty be arranged by Conference and printed in the Confer ence Minutes. (e) Any grant made towards the present circuit debts from the Special Help Eund shall be final, and only on condition that the debt be extinguished. (f) That no special grants be in future made to circuits except in cases of a minister's affliction or death, or in the supply of vacancies in circuits. (y) In the administration of the Special Hilp Fund, all applieatins from circuits for aid shall be considered on their merits. Minimum Stipend. — The synod sus tained the following recommendations : 1\. That the Sustentation Society shall not in future grant any aid to Circuits for Circuit Eund purposes which pay more to married ministers than £55 ; unmarried ministers in full connection, £40, and probationers, £35 per quarter. 2\. That no overdraft be allowed in dependent Circuits beyond the sum of £50. That it be made clear to all concerned that Trust Property must not bo mort gaged or pledged for the payment of Circuit debts. 4\. That the Ministerial Conference be recommended to institute a special enquiry as to the necessity of leaving without appointment to a circuit (see Minutes Gen. Conference 1894, p. 69) any ministers who have been proved to be inefficient in circuit administration. With regard to circuit adjustments, it was considered that the recommenda tions were outside of the jurisdiction of the Synod, with the exception of the Kangaroo Valley in the Nowra Circuit being united to the Robertson Circuit, which [was regatived by a unanimous vote. The recommendation re Parson age Eurniture was carried, a schedule to be prepareu stating what articles are to be provided.' 