'JOSEPH OF CANAAN." TO THE EDITOR. " ' " !! Sir, — Though I am a Jew, reverencing' "tho Old Book," and admiring the charac ter of Joseph, I fall to understand the ne cessity for, or object of, the adverse criti- cism published in your's regarding the Rev. Georgo Walters's remarkable play at Her, Majesty's. Some Jewish friends and myself, witnessed the first production of "Joseph." We would havo felt hurt if anything had been Interpolated into the lines spoken by. Joseph or other principals, in any' way Ir reverent. However, it was l'ar from that, for I can safely say that wo left tho- theatre delighted. Thus it Is that- while considering the tendency of the times in literature and the drama, I fail to under stand the reason for such remarks. as. those by one or two of your correspondents. Having met many who havo seen "Joseph,"' I find that pleasure lias uot by any means been altogether due to tho magnificence of. the staging, or to the beauty of the scenic effects, but to tho happy combination ot dignity, simplicity, and magnanimity, dis played throughout by "tho Hebrew slave," tho first Jew who became Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer in a great kingdom; the man who, at a critical period, ruled, fed, aud pacified so many thousands. Mr. Walters has placed before the audiences at Her Majesty's ono of tho most pathetic, yet strikingly dramatic, of all Bible stories, and there aro many who hope that he will tako this, his first effort in play-writing, before audiences In larger cities. There aro probably fow plays which do not exhibit tho fact that some extraneous matter must bo introduced to form a sot ting for the central figures, and . It Is for that reason that thoso who witness the per formance of "Joseph" should uot be sur prised at finding some minor incongruities discernible. It is satisfactory that they are not sufficient to do anything towards ob scuring from view the high-minded charac ter of "tho dreamer" who became "second only to Pharaoh himself." Author and actor desarve to bo congratu lated upon tho success of "Joseph," and' the public— thoso of all creeds — will doubt less show appreciation of this venture by attending tho theatre. To Jews especially; tho pleco should havo additional Interest, as showing a Hebrew of a type other than.' that which has been too long conventional —tho Melter Moss brand— but, no doubt, the old type was in accord with tho popular taste. Ill a volumo of tho works of the Right Hon. Lord Landsdowno, printed in 1736\. is included "Tho Jew of Venice," a comedy. The play is preceded by a pro-, logue, spoken by tho ghosts of Shakespeare, and Dryden. Tho former speaks ot "crimes unknown" which Now scom abovo correction of the stage; Less heinous faults our justice doth pursue; To-day wo punish a stock-Jobbing Jew — A pioco of justice, terrible and strango. Which, if pursu'd, would mako a thlu cx- chango. Tho epilogue bears more upon tbo subject- Each in his turn, the poet and the priest, Havo viow'd the stage, but llUo false prophets guoss'd. Both err; for without mincing, to bo plain, T-lio guilt Is yours of every odious scene. < Tho present thno still gives tho stago its mode; Tho vices which you practise, we explode. Tho scribbler, pinch'd with hunger, writes to dine, And to your genius must conform Ills line. Would you encourage sense, sense would be writ. By witnessing "Joseph" all will see that' senso can be writ, and In turn gain the means ot forming a fair opinion, while re ceiving a share of that instruction which tho stago can furnish in such an Instance as this especially.— Yours, etc., COLEMAN P. HYMAN. Sydney, September 3. 