ON THE WAIKATO. (copyright.) BY ATHA WESTBURY. — ' CHAPTER III.— Continued. ! " With a loud crash the massive door at length gave way and the sav- >: ages, yelling with rage and triumph, rushed into the house. There was a a; broad staircase leading from the hall to the upper portion of the dwelling. At the head of the stairs stood Camden, like a lion at bay, a revolver in each hand. Te Apora had one hand on the stajr-rail,but drew back at the reso lute attitude of the farmer. 11 ' Once more I ask ye what do ye want here ?' said he, placing his back to the wall. "The chief replied: " The Pakeha robs the Maori of his land and mufders him at leisure. \- Why should not the Maori follow the example of the Pakeha and rob who he can ?' V ' I have never wronged ye in my life,' answered the old man. "'Tut! The Pnkehas are n rip ; race,' respon (led Te Apora, briefly. My warriors want the blood of the Pakeha in exchange for the lives of two he has slain. Let him throw aside his guns and submit himself to the will of Te Apora.' " ' I decline to have further parley with you. You and your tribe are a Ay lazy, plundering horde, whom neither murder nor robbery can satisfy. Your will means destruction and ruin here, but you shall fight for it.' . " ' The .Pakeha is but one, we are many. Let him think !' said the chief, quietly. \''No"; I know your bloody pur- . pose,' he cried vehemently. ' Were there "twice your number I would not yield without an effort for my life. Stand Aback.' " A tall savage, less patient than his companions, sprang like a panther up the stair ; but a shot from Camden's i revolver hit him full in . in the throat and he rolled backward dead. : " This was but the beginning of the v'-.' end. Like a pack of .hounds the Maoris bounded ' forward, and over powered their victim and disarmed Amirn. With blows, and imprecations they dragged him down-stairs. In his ' desperatu m, he. c.I ung tenaciously to the rail and, in spite of all the efforts" of his murderers, they could not unloose his hands, when some savage, more \- cruel .than the rest, drew his maripi ' (knife) and severed the unfortunate's fingers from his hands. They bound up the maimed limb, in mockery and led Camden into the dining room. s The. long dining-table-table was reared ; on gnd and, the ruffians bound their . . victim to it with a stout cord... " A " Will the Pakeha ask Te Apora for his life?' questioned the chief with asnevr. a 'a./ A ; ; ,li,'Nd ; Te Apora is a murderer and therefore he loves murder. . Yet, let : the chief remember this scene when L the bayonets of the Pakehas are at. the A; A)hrpats of his race and fire consumes A a their hapus. Complete your murder- A", bus work. The Pakeha does not fear .you.' ; A: AY . " The old . man spoke no more. He was hoisted bodily upward with the table and plated against (he wall, while. His murderers, retreating to the fur ther, end of the apartment, commenced a diabolical game of ball, practice at . their human target." CHAPTER IV. I have no vanity. The rubs and joltings of this lovely world have pretty A well eased me of any particles of self- sufficiency I may have imbibed with my mother's milk, From the first hour of my entree to A the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that . his handsome, amiable daughter had set her line to angle for -meA As a A; rule, the half-bloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring in disposition, ; . but, to my astonishment, I found Myra Cable quite the reverse in this respect. Since the unfortuate affair in the river, wherein I had played the part of the farcical hero,< the lady had taken ; me under her especial charge. During my sojourn in many lands I had learnt many modes of making love, > but for straightforward, vigorous and original billing the Prime Minister's \-- daughter was the chef-dceauvre. Here is an .illustration : ..-A- One evening we (Myra and I) were wandering down by the river arm-in- arm ... It was a beautiful moonlight A night, almost as clear as day. : Sud denly the.'girl stopped and taking me by both my arms, fixed her large black eyes upon my face. " Frank, do you love me ?" she sa!id, A brit fly, in a rather cold and hard tone of voice. . "-AA; .. A. ' 1 he question was so sudden and un expected that I could not reply for the moment. Because," she continued, without waiting for my answer, " I love you— love you more than I can tell." A,, " Why, Myra, this is not leap year," «- cried I, recovering myself.. " 1 care not what year it is," she answered, in the same measured tone A and with' a strange light in her eyes. "It has seemed years to me since you came here. Answer my question," " I— really — I like you very much, A Myra, but — " "Like! Nay, that is no reply," she cried, with vehemence. " I am. deter mined that you shall love me, or—" " Or what, Miss Cable ?" A "I will kill you !'' she returned, slowly and without moving a muscle of her face . . :/ , I burst out laughing at her. . Here A' ' was, courting with a vengeance. My love or my lite. That was it. " Oh, you may laugh !" she' said, after a pause. " I have heard my fa-- . ther say that h|s countrymen are most Av>AAAA-V'A Y'A. --."A; A--"'-" '>v;rA.AA'::AAAv/. /V i a/: 'AA-.a" a -.a::1'. cruel when they seem most merciful. So it is with you. Do you think I have jnot the courage to kill you ?" I felt inclined to roar out afresh at her question; but, looking dawn at her, L saw that she was in terrible- earn est. " Myra, you are half a Pakeha," I answered, in a grave way so that she might not mistake my words. "TheSe people about you here are ignorant, 'out- you have been to school and know many things that they can never know. If the chief Rewi wants a wife he se lects whom lie pleases from his tribe ; and, if the lady demurs, he uses force. Among the Pakehas it is diff rent. Love does not come at our bidding, neither will he depart from us with a word. " ' " Love has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low toneA A " I am sorry," T said, soothingly. " By and-by, perhaps, Myra- may see some handsome fellow more worthy and more suitable for you as a husband than I am. Remember, I am almost a stranger, to you and a guest: beneath your father's roof." A i " You are a beautiful devil that has come and taken the light . out of my life,!' she cried, stamping her foot on the ground in a fierce mood. " Before you came I was- happy. Now I do not care if you throw me headforemost into the river !" " ' "'Pooh, girl! You are beside your self, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy." A A A. : "Fancy !" she echoed, her eyes ; ablaze, "" you shall see !" and without another word she left me to find my way back alone. I was fairly puzzled what to do un der the circumstances. The girl was handsome, she was tolerably educated and one of the best' female mimics (especially of the human voice) that I had heard in my life. This I had good cause to remember later on. F ortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair per secutor. It was at the close of a long day's pig hunting, in company of Rewi and others, that I chanced to outstrip my companions in chase of a huge boar. I was so pre occupied with the excite ment of the. sport that I did not notice that I ' was alone and that the dusk . ol evening was gathering 'around, me. When I did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of "the pel— a signal to my companions-; but, , to my surprise. and chagrin, there was bA fpcnnncft A nrnin' nrVniM T . v AlgUUJ AUU X illclUC/ the ravines; ring with the cpli, but with no better success. I was tired with the hunt and very hungry, having. tasted nothing in the way or eatables since morning; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on and tr.y and find the party re turning home before darkness set in. A' At that time I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the j oung chief and his men ; but, as; it transpired afterwards,' hadil remained stat'onaryAin oner place no doubt they would have found me. But I had an idea that I could find the settlement of -the king very well by myself— like the presumptuous puppy that I was. Darkness came on apace and I as cended the side , of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and felt for my comforter, in the shape of a short black. cutty, which, by the way,' had. consumed some score pounds weight of tobacco. - But I discovered that I hid not the ghost of a match wherewith to light it." " The deuce fall foul of that ugly boar !" I muttered, between my teeth. " No food and my pipe useless for the want of a lucifer. Nil desperandum ? I'll push on ; better to keep moving. I'm on the right track; " It happened , that 1 was not, though. Striding haphazard . over the loose stones and boulders, I made! headway up one ridge and down another until the perspiration began to stand on me in huge drops. At the termination of a coupie.oi hours I found 'myself en tering a tall forest of kauri pines, which I did not remember to have seen in our route during the pig hunt! A It was now quite dark, but there was sufficient light for me. to tiace my steps ; yet the further I went the, more dense became the scrub, until I was fain to sit down and rest . I began to despair now of finding my way in" the gloom of night. ; My face and hands .were torn with the sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted cawrie and ti-ti-tree ' and, by the same process, my clothing had become well ventilated to the keen night Wind. I I felt I would gladly have exchanged a 5-note for just one single wax match at that moment. Perchance it was as well that I had none with me. Matters - that seem to our short sighted reason a misfortune very often, turn out in the long run to our advan tage. I- had been seated in the shelter of one of the grand kauri pines for about an hour, when I became aware of- a low, strange noise in .my vicinity. At first it sounded like the wind amongst the brushwood, but anon; as I intently listened, I distinguished; the voices of men talking loudly. My. first impulse was to'.give forth the cry of the pelu; but foreign travel had taught me caution/ 1 therefore crawled upon my hands and knees in the direction of the sounds, and pre sently came upon a scene that made me feel anything but comfortable. Within a small clearing, ringed in by a thick belt of trees, I saw a large fire. Around, it in a circle were squatted some fifty Maoris, talking and gesticu lating in a fierce manner, peculiar to the Maoris when roused -to anger. They were "all armed and one fellow of Herculian proportions, who seemed' to hold; authority over the remainder, was standingdn- the . centre of the ring leaning on his rifie. This/savage - was almost nude and Had; his .body painted in a grotesque fashion with white paint and red ochre, his head being adorned by a crimson shawl. A I had been only six weeHs in the ' : " ; < ' A AAAA A ; ' A : hapu of tlve Kingites, but, under the tuition of Myra, I had gathered a smat tering of the Maori language sufficient to enable me to comprehend the pur port of what these savages were say ing. The gist of it was simply this: .Ralph Heywuod, a sea captain owned a large house and a fine estate somewhere in the neighborhbod. Ben Cable mentioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some thirty- two miles further up the river, on a grant of fine pasture land purchased fvom the king, under whose protection he lived. The place occupied by the retired mariner was called " Fern Cliff," and was considered the station par excellence on the Waikato River. Here, then, I discovered that these men before me were part of a robber tribe of Maoris, known as Te Huri, the banditti of New Zealand, who are now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague to both peaceful Maori and Pakeha. The purport of their visit was briefly to plunder Captain Hey- wood's house at Fern Cliff. Crouched here listening to them, I was enabled to gather and put together their whole plan of attack. The visit of these wretches meant more than plunder- — it meant murder — cold, cruel murder ; for I had heard them spoken of even by their own race with a shud der of horror. 1 would have given all I had in the world to have warned Rewi of the pre sence of these marauders. But how was it to be done? Even had I known the way to the settlement, how was I to bring . the requisite succor up in time. The attack was to be made on Fern Cliff on the following morning and in the meantime three scouts were ordered by Tutara, the leader of the party, to proceed to the station at once to recon noitre, with ; orders to return before dawn and report progress. As 1 heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I deter mined to dog the heels of the scouts, discover the Fern Cliff and warn, the inmates of their danger. Before I had time to clearly fix this decision in my mind, the three savages leapt out of the .circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces of my concealment without discovering .Rising from my posture, I" followed cautiously in their footsteps. ; My eyes hadrgrown accustomed to the night and I couiddiscern them very well. I fell" no fear, so far as my. own personal woe rr\r\fdvr\cA A 1 r« " . / lieu. X WclO U111JCU with a double-barrelled rifle, also a revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on my way back to the hapu. For a long time I hovered at the rear of the scouts, who moved at a, rattling- pace. Once or twice J imagined they had discover ed me, but soon found they had paused to be certain of the route. CHAPTER V. _ A . " " "A \- It was every fatiguing and a great draw on my staying powers to keep pace with the Maori scouts. Their pace was neither sloty npr gentle, but a £ raspirig, swinging gait; peculiar to these people,. and by which the slowest of thepi can manage to get over five or six English miles an hour for days to gether when on the warpath or, forag ing expeditions. - , v It was a moment when I began to entertain serious doubts .as to my ability to keep the Maoris in Aiew that I was relieved by a sudden halt on their part. The spot was a high cliff or ridge, overlooking a: ravine which had been thickly wooded on either side, but" the axe of the settler had thined the giant kauris, leaving a noble, park-like valley, at the uppor end of which there loomed out the gables of a large house. There were lights twink ling at the windows and the sound of voices could be heard. ' The moon had risen an hour previ ously and by its light I could discern several out-houses, stables, sheds and a host of , other indications which be spoke the well- to-do settler.' The pic ture was beautiful in its calm repose and stillness, viewed beneath the glow of the moon. However scon the black storm of human passion might lower over the peaceful scene, the stars spar.r- led and the moon-shone in undisturbed tranquility. A / The; scouts did not leave' me much time for cogitation. ; Taking a circuit ous route, but in a more cautious way than hitherto, they approached the house by the garden, the latter having a high fence on one side with a broad creek, on the other. Here, within i ifle shot of the dwelling of Captain Hey- wopd, the Maor.'s sat down by the banks of the stream to rest ere proceeding to reconnoitre the place. 'A It was useless my dogging the scouts ..any longer. I knew that these war riors' would have to return to their comrades and report progress ere any thing in the shape of art attack: would be attempted. , Cautiously v retracing ' my steps, I made my- way round the garden fence ip an opening feafting to f hogback part oi the premises. ' ' I could not help noticing that the house was large, one story and solidly built of stone, with a broad verandah stretching, round three sides, the rear .wall being open to the .orchard and thence to the creek. I had managed to reach within a dozen paces of the back door when a huge dog leapt forth at me to the ut most stretch of his chain. I cannot tell what possessed me at the moment, but I walked boldly up to the brute, who ceased his noise in an instant and began to sniff round ,me. I saw he was a grand specimen of the New foundland breed, black in color and. al- most as large as a mule. No doubt my temerity saved me from his fangs. A Maori or thief would have run for" it. Perchance the dog was the more as tonished of the -twain.; He quietly per mitted me to go from him without mo;e ado —To be Continued, W 3 ''- '>/. 'V; ; --"P ' -A'-' A". 