TALK OF THE TOWN. (FJIOM OUR OWN OORBBSPONDJLVT.) . A lot of work has been dono in Parlia* ment during the week, but thore haye been no sensational opicodcs. A special provi. deuce seems to bo keeping watch and ward over the Local Government Bill — from tho Government point of view. In my last lotter I related how the Government had been advantaged to theextout of probably a week by the unexpected slipping through of tho second reading of the bill whilst Mr. Kidd was playing dominoes upstairs. To asmaller degree similar slices of luck have occurred since tho Bill has been in committee. Two or three contentious clauses happened to jslip through while tho member who pur posed making an onslaught upon them was momentarily absent from tho Chamber. In cluded amongst these clauses, was the one relating to endowments, to consider which it is oxtremely likely an attempt will bo made to recommit the Hill. Tho wholo Bill with tho exception of some half-dozen clauses has now been dealt with in committeo, so that Bill that has been talked about for twenty vears will probably pass through tlio lower houso in a few days. A Local Government Bill is a very much easier thing to pass than a Land Bill. Absence of vested interests in connection with the matter constitutes tlio explanation, | Tho Land Bill is through the Council, nnd, -vitU the Council's- amendments, is how in tho hands of members of the popular Cham ber. The Minister mado a gallant attempt to got tlie Assembly to deal with it on Thurs day, hia hope being that ho would get it through before the House rose. Ho was disappointed, however. Member after mem ber got up to protest that ho had not had time to consider the amendments of the other Chamber, aud it was even urged that tho fact that Mr. 'Crick was away— he having been ono of tho keenest critics of the Bill — was a reason why tho Government should not attempt to deal with it that night. As a matter of fact, the absence of him of West Macquaric constituted a slight additional reason why the Government desired to improve the opportunity. Finally, ' the Minister had to back down, and make , the consideration of tho amendments an ' order of tho day for Tuesday. It is re- i garded as practically certain that tho Bill will go on to the Statute book. The Council | mauled the Bill about a good deal when it had it in committeo at first, but the Govern- i incnt secured its recommittal, and mainly through the cleverness of Mr. Jack Want | :was successful iu getting a lot of tho damage repaired. i The Rabbit Conference has been one of 1 the events of public intoreatduring the week, tho gathering being a tolorably representa tive ono. The Conference was unfortunate in having as a Chairman a gentleman who did not make a v«ry good hand at tho busi ness, aud progress was consequently slower sometimes than it should have been, whilst results were occasioually somewhat less coherent than they might have been. But everything got fully discussed, and it is easy to summarise the views of the representa tives. Discontent with the existing act was evidenced by tho carrying of motions in favor of its repeal. For tlie rest, there was a tolerably complete consensus of opinion that there should be compulsory destruction and compulsory fencing, the clfect of which upon landholders, it was no less unanimously opined, should bo modified by liberal State assistance. Tlie chief form in which assis tance should bo given, according to the Conference, is in advancing wire netting to landholders, tho cost of which it is proposed should be repaid iu annual instalments of 4 per cent., which payment is also to cover interest at the rate of two and a-half per cent. There was a strong feeling, and motions wero carried in favor of vesting the control of rabbit infested districts in the hands of the Stock Boards. Suggestions that efforts should be made, to commercially utilise bunny met with warm opposition, the argument against such a course princi pally taking up tho line that it would be dangerous to seek in any way to give the rabbit a commercial value at a time when the super-eminent desire was to get rid of him at any co3t. Motions were passed to this effect, or rather motions were negatived affirming tho opposite. The conference was attendod by a number of members of parliament, amongst whom was Mr. Richard Sleath, who represents a pastoral district, and who attended in that capacity. The legislators, of course, pro ceeded to keen up their end of the-Iog in the talking department, and occasionally transgressed the limits of prudence by touching on matters that were properly only in the domain of the expert. Mr. Andrew M'Farland, a Hay delegate, who has some what of a reputation for exploding little bombs at public githerings if ho deems tho oirtMimstances call for it, roso to make a remark or two shortly after Mr. Sleath sat down, taking the opportunity to observe that hp had understood that the purpose of tho conference was to ascertain tho viows of , men who inhabited the rabbit country, and' who had somo practical methods of dealing with the pest. Thoy wero not paid during tho time they were iu attendance, and he thought they should hardly be required to j sit. there and hston to men talk at length who kuow nothing at all about the practical side of the question. Mr. Sleath was up like a jack-in-the-box, as is his wont when his susceptibilities—of which ho is full—are wounded. He claimed the protection of the chair from the gratuitous insults offered to him and other meinbora by the remarks of the preceding speaker. Whatever purpose members might have come thcro for, he said, they at all events had nob come with the expectation of being insulted — and his voico rose, and his InnptmrrA £ltrv-.ifa»s--4 in warmer. Tlie chairman uprose, aud asked htm to resume his seat — ho rofti3ed — the chairman suggested that he might be com pelled to resort to other measures —and a very pretty little scene was developing, when Mr. M'Farland aroso and withdrew whatever portion of his remarks were objec tionable to. tho lion, gentleman. Mr. Sleath soon after tired of tho Conference proceed inps, and on succeeding days did not bother to attend. At tho local option meeting held on Monday night there was an episode which ?did not find its way into the newspapers. .Sir Henry Parkcs presided, and in opening $ho meeting, intimated that a rev. gentleman -dn the platform would commence proceedings by. offeriug a few words of prayer. Tho audience— or, at all events, the reverent portion of it — bowed its head, and tho prayer proceeded. The first portion of tho , exhortation was in genoral terms in the ; ^interests of ' the cause.' Then it branched oil intoa supplicatiou that heavenly blessings would especially be allowed to* descend upon the head of u their honored. chairman' in his dccliuing year—— At- this point camo from tho back of the hull, ?» Good boy I Bully for Parkcs J ' followed by n round of applause and the laughter, onen and- smothnrp.d nf -tho audiouce. Tho prayor had to bo sum. 4piavily brought to a termination, and the meeting never properly recovered its gravity. Tho fact that tho old man presidod is regarded as an indication that ho is not yot ready to givo up tho political ghost, and that he will bo pleased to tako advantago of any favorable opportunity of feeling tlio public pulse. I obsorvo that tho Victorian 'Railway Commissioners havo approachod their New South Walesconteinporurios with a proposal to ontiroly abolish tho differential railway i rates. Tho Railway Commissioners ou this 1 sido have replied to tho offeot that at present they cannot seo thoir way clear to accept the proposal, Tho question is an important ono for south-western Rivcrina, because an abolition of tho differential rates on tho south-west railway would mean that traffic, being conducted on a tnileago basis, would naturally flow to and from the most conveniently situated capital— wliich isn't Sydnoy. The ordinary rato for goods from Sydnoy to. Hay, .for instance, if thoy wery carried pn % n}ileap b^als? \fotjld be, 1 ..think, Bomo oight or nine pounds por ton, I 1 which would mean that tho rivor traffic I would look up, and that the agitation for tho railway to Deuiliquin would bo reuowed. But it isn't at all likely that that same railway will bo obtaiuod this sido of fodoration. It will be temombored that Mr. Gs H. Greene, tho frcetrado mombor for Gronfoll, was unseated on the petition of - Mr. Loughtiano, a member of tho solid&rity; party, not long after parliament opened, in eonscqueuco of an irregularity on the part of n returning officer. A good -kal of sympathy was expressed for tho unseated member at tho time, but it would appear as ; though Justico wero about to show her face | to him. At a rccont sitting of the Grenfell : District Court, verdicts for pretty largo 8ums,were given -against Air. Lotighnaue for various classes of debt. Thcro was no appearance of defendant* Neither has there been any appearanco of defendant in his placo iu Parliament for a considerable time past, and there is no ono speaketh as to his whereabouts. It is rumored that tbero will shortly bo two vacancies in the Assembly. I think I know who will be the cause of ono, but I cannot speak us to the other ono. Touching the Local Government Bill* Assuming that it will find its way, after vears of )vcavy waiting, oa to the Statute book, it will probably bo next year before any Council has been constituted, and put in a position to levy a rate. This is largely due to tho preliminary proclamation work, in councctiou with which time periods, more or less loug, aro prescribed. 