LEPROSY IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. The opinion which we have so frequently expressed as to the existence of leprosy among the blacks of the Alligator deliver district (says the Northern Territory s{Çtyfâupt the 31st December) has' at last Deed verified beyond the ghost of a doubt Ar^b^jáujaj' native of that district who cairje^irjjfgtiMm'erston on Saturday last at the suggestion of Mr. P. Cahill (who was buffalo hunting for a couple of years at the Alligators) has been examined by Dr. O'Flaherty and found to be suffering from true leprosy. Mr. Cahill had a shrewd suspicion that the man was a leper, and by a little judicious deceit managed to entice him to come here to be " cured" by the doctor. After the medical officer had satisfied himself as to the nature of the disease the native was conveyed across to the leper camp to break the monotony and lonesomeness of the solitary Chinaman's existence here. It is now common gossip that when the Government Resident's party was at the Alligator River recently Mr. Cahill pointed out several natives who bore outward and visible signs of leprosy more or less advanced in its terrible progress, and it is expected that the Resident's next report will contain references to the matter. It is the belief of Mr. Cahill and others well acquainted with the blacks of the Alligator district that a hundred at least could be found suffering from leprosy developed to such an extent that there could be no mistaking it-in some cases more pronounced than the poor wretch who has just been transported to the leper camp. Referring to the labour problem the other day in Capetown, Mr. Rhodes said : " For two solitary months I have been continuously travelling, and, do you know, the one point that has come home to me is the question of native labour. It is a very interesting question. I start from here, where native labour is £3 or £4 a month and food; I got up toBulu ways, and I find it 10s. a month and food, and the telegraph is going to Blantyre, where it is 4s. a month without the food. Then I come to Parliament, and I find that hon. members in Parliament want irrigation schemes, and fruit cultivation schemes, and then I think it out. I find labour in England at 12s. a week, that is £2 8s. a month, producing an export. I happened to go to Egypt the other day, and found labour 2d. a day, that is 4s. a month, producing an export. Then you talk to me about producing room and sending it home, and you talk about fruit cultivation, and you say the farmers are very lazy, and they won't do anything, but you don't think over the question. It is the labour question that is at the root of it. You are paying these natives £3 or £4 a month, and here are the people in Blantyre, with whom we are just going to be connected by telegraph, paying 4s. a month, and you are going to ruin them. You are going to introduce £4 a month." The Rockhampton Bulletin has Labour member Cross neatly : " Mr. Cross asserts- that everything his constituents have brought before him he has attended to promptly, and with astonishing BUCOOSS. He got a postoffice at one place, and the promise of a school at another; he obtained the visit from Mr. Jack, and he prompted the Minister for Mines to introduce a bill, which, however, fell with other innocents at the close of the session. This is no doubt highly creditable to Mr. Cross's industry, but does it not also show that the Government are quite as willing to listen to and grant requests from their political opponents as from their friends?" The same testimony could, we believe, be truthfully given by the other Labour members, if they were to afford themselves the luxury of candour. But they are " delegates," and must go on piling up denunciation upon the Government. They know, however, that it doesn't hurt the Government to listen to it, and they wish it didn't hurt themselves to utter it. HEADACHES CURED, Bishop's Gran. Effar vescent Citrate of Caffeine perfectly removes headache arising from recommend, overworked brain, mental worry, high living, c. Prescribed by all the medical profession as the best remedy for headache A grand morning restorative The Lancet recommends it. Of all Chemists and the inventors, A. Bishop and Sons, 4$,toba»n-»tre»t, London, JSngland,-ÍABVH\\] 