WOMAN'S COLUMN. ? ^ My Dear Moya, — If you want a practical proof of what womanly tact and management can do, I would direct your attention to the Asylum for Aged and Destitute at Rook wood, which, by the way, is a very pretty spot in spite of its suggestiveness of cemeteries and such like gruesome subjects. Leaving the train at the Rookwood station, we drove for about a mile and a half, and found ourselves in grounds that resembled a large park, dotted over as they were with native trees, and here and there an English one thrown in, as it were, 1o give a 'tone' to the Colonial ones. These grounds altogether cover no less than 700 acres. A large portion is under cultivation, and strange to say this is the only department that seems to suggest failure. The soil looks good, there is a partial system of irrigation, and yet the vine yards and orchards don't seem to thrive. Ten years ago the present asylum was opened as a Reformatory, but never attained anything like success till Sir George Dibbs Avisely decided to turn it into a refuge for the aged destituteof the country, and appointed Mrs. W. Ffrench MacDermott as matron superintendent. How peculiarly adapted that lady was for the management of so important an institution, time and the present well nigh perfect condition of the asylum have proved without a doubt. When Mrs. Mac Dermott entered on her work there were 60 men, now there arc 400, each one busily engaged in his own particular avocation, for there is no idleness among those able to work in this well dis ciplined establishment. With the increase of in mates, extra accommodation became necessary, and adopting the latest and most satisfactory plan, de tached offices were added to the original building, each one having a classified number. On a recent visit we were privileged to see every part of the institution and our feminine hearts could not but be charmed at the air of exquisite cleanliness and order. I don't mean to insinuate that man doesn' t appreciate cleanliness, but he could not realize so feelingly the immense amount of physical work and mental manoeuvring necessary to bring about the universal cleanliness which reigns supreme, from the sleeping apartments, which are arranged on the principal of the military barracks, down to the model kitchen, where the very utensils shone so brightly as to make one wonder if they had ever been used. We passed through the dairy, had a peep at the beautifully-kept stables, where the fine farm horses enjoying their day of rest gazed at us with a quiet content that seemed to say that they too shared the happy peacefulness which seemed to envelop the whole piace. During the week the in mates are engaged carpentering, &c;, some are at work improving the grounds, planting, and making the gardens that surround the institution. The matron seems to have succeeded in getting at the hearts of those under her charge (tough hearts some of them are, too) and exer cising that tact, of which I spoke before, she endeavours to rouse a spirit of emulation amongst them. They take a pride in their work, and seem each to vie with the other in doing his work so well as to win the matron's approbation. Sunday is perhaps the best_day for a picturesque view of the institution, which occupies the finest and most commanding site in the'' district, and which promises to become the central' establishment of this destitute system in the colony. Here and there you see groups of poor old men chatting together. When we were there the Salvation Army had drawn the most of them into the centre of the square, the room set apartfor religious service being too small for them all. This reminds me to de scribe the aforesaid room. The space just under neath the windmill and watertanks had all been boarded in. Before Mrs. MacDermott's advent it was not used for anything, and she was seized with the idea of utilizing it for religious purposes. Whether the lady anticipated anything like sec tarian incendiarism she doesn't say, but somehow her idea suggests to one's mind a combination of feminine subtlety and the simplicity of the dove. According to the Cardinal's theory of the cold water cure, in the case of test seances, it would be simply invaluable to be situated so completely ' under the pump.' Apropos to seances — although the ' spooks,' thanks to Mr. Henry and Mr. Hosking, have, for the time being at least, been most effectually laid, the following story may prove instructive to bung ling snook-raisers. I read lust week in an English paper that a man is recovering in the hospital at West Stafford from the effects of a thrashing received while playing ' spooks ' to frighten the people : — ' The village was considerably agitated by rumours of ghosts waltzing at a certain place. A search party was formed, both men and women being armed with sticks. On a gate they saw a figure draped in white ; the crowd pressed forward, and the loaders severely thrashed the ghost, who screamed for mercy. He was found to be a labourer of the village, whose wife was in the attacking party. He was so bruised that he had to be re mored to the Dorset Hospital. As mend 'I1 laneur would probably add, 'Tis a wise woman that knows her own husband when he gets on the ' spook.' A most enjoyable Christinas d.inco was held at Mr. Bolger's, 'The Priory,' Bullenbong. on the 29th ultimo. About fifty friends responded to the invitations sent out. The night was delightfully line and cool, and great preparations had been made by Mr. and Mrs. Bolger for the reception and enter tainment of the visitors. The room set apart for dancing was prettily decorated with wattle and evergreens, and lit up with Chinese lanterns. These decorations, combined with the pretty cos tumes of the ladies, had a superb effect. A marquee had been erected for the supper, the tables being ornamented with lovely flowers. Altogether the dance was voted the best of the season in the dis trict. During the evening songs were sung by Miss King, Miss Murphy, Mr. Herrick, and Mr. M( lavish. The Waverley ladies have succeeded in working up a decidedly ' novel ' idea for their bazaar, which is to open on Anniversary Day. Each stall will represent one of Scott's novels, the presiding ladies representing the different characters. There are to be eight stalls, under the presidency of Mrs. Brewer, Mrs. James Fletcher, Mrs. King, Mrs. Keary, Mrs. Ashdown, Mrs. Pearson, Mrs. Tracy, Mrs. Daly, Mrs. Cannon, and the Misses Brewer and Barlow. Miss Tracy Avill have charge of the Children of Mary's stall. As that sodality numbers over thirty, their stall ought to be a particularly attractive one. The committee have very wisely selected the Paddington Hall for the bazaar, so everyone will have a chance of enjoying the pretty sight without the penalty of the long tram trip to Wuverley. The ladies arc working like veritable Trojanu. If they will nllow me to make a sugges tion I would advise them to give their gentleman's committee alittle rousing up, as they seem to be taking matters just a wee bit too quietly. Of course, poor things, they can't be expected to fully realize what a tremendous undertaking a bazaar is. The lady Avho presided at Government House, Melbourne, hasn't been what you'd call a tremen dous social success, though there's no doubt she was ' wondrous good to look upon,' especially when in an trie glory or evening dre3s, diamond tiara, &c.; female Melbourne Avon't weep itself into hysterics at the thought of her departure, which it is officially announced Avill eventuate in April, unless, with the inconsistency peculiar to my 8 weet sex, it turns ' round and finds between now and then that, with all her faults it loved her all along. When all's said and done, they may live to realize that they may go further and fare Avorse. From Avhat you can gather from Melbourne women, Lady Hopetoun's worst fault seems to have been that she preferred to besto w marks of favour on the middle class rather than upon the gilded alleged. aristo- cracy, and when you come to cogitate on the matter her preference doesn't seem so very extraordinary. Lord Brassev is snoken of as the nfixt. ('?Jnvermr. Lady Brassey is said to devote much of her time to benefiting and personally visiting the poor and suffering. She has founded a conA'alescent home for children at Bexhill, Sussex, England, and is a frequent and welcome visitor at the Seamen's Hos pital, near the Albert Docks, with Avhich her hus band is also associated. Lord Brassey, it will be remembered, visited Sydney with his first wife in the yacht 'Sunbeam' a few years ago. The mention of one of the so-called representa tives of the New Australia movement at a recent socialistic reunion sets one meditating on the difference that exists between the leader and the led. Whilst the leaders are here enjoying a mild, pettifogging course of lionizing and living, in all probability, on the fat of the land— 'tis a Aveaknes9 peculiar to leadership — many of our Avay ward brothers and sisters are pining in that far-away ' country, hoping and longing for the relief that never comes, or if it does, will come too late. I do not think of the men, though if they were head strong and foolish they have probably long ago paid the penalty a thousand times over.' It is the weak, helpless women, many of whom Avent sorely against their will, but Avent all the same, rather than part from their nearest and dearest— to such a length will a Avoman's devotion carry her — and the thrice-helpless little children, that I think of. xtecent accounts nave tola us all too plainly the deplorable state of affairs in that Avas-to-have-been. Elysium— Paraguay. And yet our representatives go on calmly enjoying their easily-earned vacations and their new year festivities, without a thought of those_ women and children dragging out a miser able existence of disease and semi-starvation, or without making an effort to help them to return to their own land. They Avere m:ul to go, but are Ave to let them die because of that ? If they return they will probably make all the better colo nists because of the bitter lesson they haA'e received. Last month the pupils of St. Mary's College, Rosebank, made Avhat may be termed their first appearance in the journalistic world by the publica tion of their attractive little 'Memoirs.' There is so much pleasant reading in the little magazine, and so much to interest not only the pupils and ex- pupils but the outside girl-world, that the leading article seS.ing forth its raison d'etre seems superfluous. Whilst they maintain the high standard of their firstnuraber Ave will be satisfied to knew that it (;is,' and Aye Avill ask no why or Avherefore for its existence. There are many avoII- written artie'es in the ' Memoirs ;' one by a ' Rather Old Pupil' sent my thoughts back with a rush to the happy days when I was «a 'Rosebank girl,' and had the honour of having the three great ' R.'s' impressed on my youthful memory, as often as not. though low be it spoke, with the aid of the cane ; for there was no false delicacy about that most per suasive aid to education in my day, nor would our parents ever dream of dictating to the teacher, as they sometimes do in these days, as to the when and how and Avhereof corporal punishment. Among the household hints in the ' Memoirs' I found a recipe for scones which read so Avell that I was fired Avith the ambition to try it. The result Avas a scone so de licious as to tempt me to add the recipe for your special delectation. — Take two cups of flour, two teaspoonsful of baking powder, a half-teaspoonful of salt ; mix these well together, and then moisten. Avith milk till it is sufficiently linn to keep its shape, but not stiff enough to roll out. Butter the oven slide, aud drop a tablespoonful at a time some dis tance apart. Bake in a quick oven, and when done brush over with milk, and cover Avith a cloth to keep them s6ft. I have christened this (mentally) ' The Rosebank.' Yours, &c;, PEGGY. Inquiries and correspondence addressed to. this column will receive due attention. 