CHAPTER XV. THJE COCBSE OF TEUE LOVE. It IB * flame a toggle look will kindle, But net a« ocean quench. — Mas. Lovell. Mrs. Challis and her daughter were sitting in ' their pretty morning room when Paul entered; and they both start ed with astonishment at his altered ap pearance. . He looked like a man ower whom a long illness had passed. His eyes were hollow, and his face livid and paJe ; and Mrs. Cbtillis felt with dismay that the hand he htld out to her was burning as if with fierce fever'. She foi got the trouble of tho morn ing and Agnes Drintrec's sudden de parture, and all the harsh things she had been making up in her mind to say her smi when she lookwi :it him. \- Oh, I'ajil :' she said. ?? What is the i-i.itN i- y' ' Kethiiig,' he replied, bending down io kiss lu-r. ?? At lcii-t, I think I k.m plead a thoroughly ladies' ailment — a h«:ad:'.'_he. My head does ache furioi s 3y. I--on't s t-aix* at me like that, Lucy. I'm not a. ghost.' ' You L-iyk like one. What liavy you ben doing to yourself ?' ' Xotbiag out f.f the common. Bun away, littlu women. The iwjier and I v:ir,t to luve r« talk. Your curiosity shall be gratiSod later on.' lie could ni-t speak of what was com ing to him b-fore his volatile little !^:;or. iio felt feiiiaUand dfgMueJ in ? 2:c jii-oscncc of the^e two women who :-:voil him so. lie knew that he had done wliiit the world would call a mean aud heartless action, and his punishment L::d l.c-gun with tho humiliation ofhav lai:- to explain himself to his uiotfu r.' Yet he would ssot Lave it undone — not yet. He v.jis m-.d.-r ihc spell -.'i' the v.-iiy tongue ai:d tl;--1 ii^unting eyei of his -iurk-liiire-l l.'e;i:-j.:i, and ho was ready to fors.v-.._- h-.-ii,e, mother, sistar — ev-rything for Vm sake of her witchery. Miy. Challis could jead itin his face, ard the t-c-ars ros« to her gc-nt!e eyes ?when Lucy shut the door with a bang and loft them alone. ' Well, Paul ?' shesaid, sadly. ' Well, mother ?' ' I want to hear what you have to toll me, my bey.'' He was ' my boy' still to the fragile, gentle lady., this stalwart son of hers, ?before whom bis troop trembled, and whose word was law to so many of Her Majesty's soldiers. There was a tremor in bis voice as he answered her, and a quiver in the strong, nervous hand she bold within her own. ' I don't know that there is much to be said, mother dear.' he said. 'It sc-cuis to me that you know all there is to tell.' ' I don't incn-, PauL Istliis dreadful thing true r' ?' i *-cgin to think thatyou must liavc heard »ac very garbled story if you talk hte that What dreadful thing y ' Why that you are going to many a tra:nn off Ike street — some disreputable ?n...uicn you liave picked up. Oh, I 'aul, is it soii-e hori-iii areani 'i Am I going niad, .-rad iaucyiug it :ui, or is it true? Is Agnta -really gone, and sire you ? ' She broke iiov.a. into hysterical v.eop i: g, axi«l it w;is s-ime time l-eft.re he could caliii her sn£ciently to Usten or speak to him again. She had borne herself with tolerable equanimity all through the parting with Miss Daintree. Perhaps that ycung lady'e extreme calmness, not to say frigidity, had helped to keep her cool. But with, her son it was a differ ent matter, atd she laid her head on his shoulder ts\d '^ept as though hor heart would break. 