I 1 MOM LETTER, “ Is his lordship waiting break fait, Par kins, or has ho already began 2” cried Lady Evesham, rushing like a whirlwind in a riding habit into the great cool, pillared hall of Evesham House one fair May morning. *• His lordship is not yet down, my lady; hut Leon has been with him three-quarters of an hour,'1 answered Parkins. “Then serve breakfast; his lordship won’t bo long.” Aud Lady Evesham, with the lilt of a valso to which she had danced the previous uigiit bubbling from her lips, be took herself to the sunlit, flower decked Buuggery where she and her hnsband always had their first meeting of the day. “ Lal-la, lal-la, la, ia. Ah, how pretty I that is !" said she, finishing the phrase with a little trill. “ And how well Rupert Leighton dances ! But then he's a sort of modern ‘ Admirable Crichton ’—and ho knows it," She pulled her white sailor- hat from her close-curled head, and thon began to unbutton her riding-gloveB. “ But I suppose he’s beon spoilt. He’s awfully handsome, and he’s had a. curious success in making women the fashion. He launched Lady Lowestoft two seasons ago, and I’m sure she's no great beauty, with her sea-green eyes and white drawn face; yet she’s been all the rage. Last night ho said he meant to make mo the new beauty.” A delicious little smile dimpled the corners of her mouth and flickered in the depths of her croy eyeB. “Ah ! what non sense I’m thinking. I'd better eco what the post has brought.” She turned briskly f-om the window to the j breakfast-table, hut the coquettish smile still | [ lingered in her-eves as she ran through her morning’s correspondence. “A card for the duchess’s dance on Thursday. Concert tiokets from Madame Borio. Hum!—bII the Royalties going. I must buy them, 1 suppose. To meet the Prince at Mr* Samuel Eichstein's. Heavens ! how these Jews do got everybody. What’s this ? An invitation to dinner from Mrs do Montmorency. Why, that’s the dreadful woman who had a stall next mine at that bazaar iill'air up in Scotland. Tony Brockle hurst told me she was quite impossible.” She tossed the notes aside, and gave njittlo yawn that just showod two rows of very white teeth and the tip of a scarlet tongue. “ What a dnll post! 1 wonder if John has gotnuyihing better?” Her white fingers wandered among the pile of letters by her husband’s plate. “From the steward; from Jeuks, the trainer ; from the lawyers. Three with the city postmark, five from clubs. That oue is from Lady JanetStepuey, I know—begetug, of course, for hot- orphans, or curates, or indigent mothers ; that’s from Bertie Stanhope—what a niggle he writes; -and Oh ! this must be what they call a type-written thing.” Lady Evesham picked from the scattered pile a common square envelope bearing an East-end postmark and addressed in type to ** The Viscount Evesham, Evesham House, Park lane.” t “ How queer it seems that a machine should v/t itc- all that so straight aud neat. I’d no idea it looked so tidy and business-like. 1 think I'll make John buy me oue to wrile to toy dressmaker with. Typewriting looks so awfully fierce.” She scrutinised the letters still closer. “This one isn’t quito faultless, though. There's something wrong with the capital E. It's got a white spot- Ah! John at last! ” She dropped the letter among the others, and ran to greet her husband, who stooped from his superior height and kissed her very lovingly. A year ago society had called John, Viscount Evesham, aged jo, a fool to saddle his wealtli and his freedom with a mere girl as a wife ; but his bride had been so sweet, so gracious, so innocently pleased with her new surroundings, and so unaffected, that at tlio beginning of this her second season the most cynical had voted tile marriage, a suc cess, aud the young viscountess an acquisi LorJ Evesham adored his wife, yet with that ten tali vo worship, that love tinged with doubt, which must always ba where the adorer is spending swiftly down life’s hill and the objeot of adoration is every day growing more lovely and more desirable. Ilis first few months of married life, when, as a bri.le. Lady Evesham, had won wide spread and open admiration, had been tor turo to him. Even now his sclf-depreciatory doubts were only htliod to slumber by the perfectly blameless conduct of his wife. “ I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, my dear,” he began, with old-fashioned courtesy, “hut the morning was so fine I mado sure you would prolong your ride.” “So I might have done, for Mr Leighton —he has quite constituted himbelf my cavaliere servanto in the Row—was most amusing ; but Kittie Hamer joinod us, and it’s horrid riding three abreast—one has to Bhout so. I left them at the top of the Row, “Leighton rides with you, does ho?” queried Lord Evesham, looking over the top of his letters. “ Yes, dear; nlmost always.” And thon an utterly unaccountable foolish blush roso from the edgo of her linen collar to where the tendrils of her tawny hair kissed her while brow, until throat and. cars and cheeks were alike bathed in the crimson tide. i<1 Hum 1” said his lordship, while Lady Evesham, furious with herself at the trick her unruly so'.f-coasciousncss had played with her, look refuge in her breakfast. Silence regained, broken only by the faint tinkle of tho silver and chioa aud by the rustle of Lord Evesham’s letters. Suddenly he started, grew pale, then red, looked from his wife to a slip of paper in his hand, and back again. Wiiat a strange coincidence ! “Watch your wife!” iu typewritten characters, stared from tho paper before him ; opposite was the downcast face ot his wife—tho face which had been but a moment back dyed with a guilty blush at the chance mentiou of tho name of a mere acquaintance. The next moment he gat hered up his letters and left the room. Lady Evesham, too, sprang from her chair. 1 ‘ Why was I sucii a fool 2” sho cried to her self in a tall mirror. “ What made me do such a hateful, stupid, underbred tiling as to blush like a gawky schoolgirl—and at Rupert Leighton’s name, too 1—a man who-” She did not speak the words that rose to her lipa. Only the faint 'coquettish smile—the smile of a woman who is beautiful, who is flattered, who is beloveddawned again intlie misty depths of her eyes. And it was with that same smile that she welcomed Mr Leighton in her opera-box that night, and it was with the same mysterious smile of triumph that, an hour later, she floated round a ballroom in the arms of the man for whom she had blushed so strangely le morning. ■fore Lord Evesham’* eyes and in his ears i ever the words, “Watch your wife!” mnger man, one eurer of his hold upon a ian’s heart, would havo shown her the leful thing. But he was afraid. He 1 to keep the burden of doubt and dis if to himself; yet Beatrix Evesham sed at its existence, though sho knew let its origin nor reason. Only she felt there was no. love behind his courtesy, warmth in his kindness, no faith in his Vatch your wife!” Lord Evesham hed and Lady Evesham knew it e night, at Hurlingham, her wounded . found vent. Rupert Leighton, as ever, by her aide as she strolled to the river's and, with tho petulance of a Bpoilt , for tho first time gave wordB to her do. She was overwrought, and tor a moments sho spoke hysterically, in ■eutiy, soarcaly reckoning that sho had a ler. Then, with a little sob, she dropped iea'd on her arms and began to cry, as an y woman will. Lady Evesham, what you tell me ebooks irrihly t Are you sure-2” Vm I sure 2 I am dogged at avery horn a day. I am questioned abont my move s, then doubted to my faoe. It ia most t is most cruel,” said Leighton, slowly, don tho question, but hare yon given ny oausc-2” “Mr Leighton ! how date jHij?!” flashed from her through the cobalt simmer night. {He bowed humbly before ksfoke again. “Then, to what do yon ittjibuto this change ? Has any other wonm|— ? Sho shook her head. j Suddenly through the shadows Rupert Leighton’s hand stole to Boatix jKvcsham|a arm, ana he drew her so close t> him that his breath fanned her hot cheeks, j “ Lady Evesham, I have at idea. What if your hueband is carrying a 'an intrigue with a woman? What if he iais discovery and subsequent proceedings, ail is even now making every effort to tramp ip a counter charge against yon?” { ■ “Ah! Mr Leighton, how iorriblc, how cruel to ruin one woman, audihat his wife, at the expense of another-1 “ Whom ha loves,” whispeed Leighton. “Do you not see, can you no: Relieve, that this is the truth—that he is died of you— that your youth and innooenaj and beauty are not enough for him P Ah! Lady Evesham—Beatrix—let me opvince you; let mo find proof thut whfc I say is “Mr Leighton, I cannot, dautiot, ask you to interfere in this most teriblc difficulty. You’ve been my friend, my god mend, and I believe you have my happiness aud welfare at heart, but-” j Leighton’s arms were aboutnur now; his heartbeat strong against her beast. “ Beatrix !” he murmured jfoarsely, “ I have no friendship for you. dove, adora tion, passion fill me fer you. SI can con vince you of the truth of my suspicions, give me my guerdon—give me yourtelf." She slipped from his arms aud fled down the dim pathway. i “ Where have you been all this time?" said her husband’s voice through tkeduak. "The horses have been waiting for half an hour.” “ I am ready to 20,” answered Lady Eves ham, and, looking neither to the right nor to the left, she swept before him to her car Lady Evesham slept little that night. Her shattered faith in her husband's loyalty and j trust, Leighton’s love, hor own unhappiness, j jostledill her brain the weary hours through, aud it was a very ghost of Lady Evesham who sipped her chocolate next inorniDg and broke the teals of half a dozen letters. Suddenly the blood rushed to her paleface. She sat upright among her lace trimmed pil lows. A common envelope, hearing a.t.ypc written address, quivered in one hand: a slip j of paper was in the other. I “If you would have a proof, bo in private ! room Ifo. at tho Imperial Cafe to-duy at four o’clock.” j “ He signature, no address,” cried Beatrix Evesham. “ But the envelope is enough. Tho E’s are broken like those on that other letter which came five weeks ago. Ah ! who can be eo base, so wicked as to wish to wantonly destroy the happiness of two Trie big clock over the Imperial Cafe had ! baroiv struck four, when a woman, whose I perfect toilette was marred bv the singular thickness of her veil, glided into the doorway aud asked the way to the private rooms. “Upstairs and to the left.” .And ecarcely had tho lady disappeared when Lord Evesham passed into the buildinsr, aud followed in the fair one’s footsteps. His lordship moved quickly, but in spite oi his elforts only arrived in tho discreet cor ridor on which the private rooms were, in time to hear the sharp click of a closiug door, followed by an exclamation in a voice he kuew too well. The sound camo from I\o. .’I. Lord Ere sham looked round. Luncheons were over, dinners not yet begun ; he was alone, and in another second was pressing his uye to the small keyhole. “ You here, Mr Leighton ! I don’t under stand,” said tho voice. “ Lady Evesham, don’t put me in the post tion of having to explain.” It was Leighton who answered. “Explain! Explain what? Ah! a light breaks m smayao. I begin to understand. It is you—yoa—a gentleman, a friend, who sent die loiter to my lmsbaud which has nearly broken his heart and wrecked my life. It is you, tho maker of society beauties, tho most popular maa in town, who have woven a tissue of lies about me, and have spread a net for mo to-day into wbioh my feet havo almost strayed. Answer me, Mr Leighton—Why have you done this tiling V ’ Her voice all through had been low aud steady. It was Leighton’s which shook as he answered— “ Because—because I love you !’* " Bail! Men such as you do not know the meaning of that sacred word. The reason I came here to-day was to discover the identity I of thopor8on, man or woman, who sent those two letters to my husband’s houso. I find you, whom I beliovcd to he a frioud, whom I I now know to be a foe—and you talk to mo of love!" Sho flung out her hands, “All! that I were a man to punish you as you de Her prayer for A righteous revonge was answered. The door opened a little space, aud the tall, spare form of Lord Evesham slipped iuto the room. “John ! You here cried Lady Evesham, laying her fingers across her mouth to etifle the little scream of joy that arose in her 1 ‘ Stand aside !” said his lordship. Then, with upraised arm, he advanced on tho cul Iwice the writhing victim cried for morey, and twice Lord Evesham muttered, “Coward!’’ When at last the heavy walking-stick snapped in two, Lord Evesham, without cast ing one look at what lay at his feet, turned to his wife and led her from tho room. Once outside in the dim silen«9 of tho oor ridor, Lady Evesham raised her husband’s hands to her lips and kissed them. “ Thank you—thank you a thousandtimos. But, 0I11 my dear, why did you not trust me?” Lord Evesham bowed low before her. • ‘ Dear wife! I cannot regret what I have done to-day. I shall trust you to tho last hour of my life.” Then her ladyship reeled a little. “ John, dear, take me home quickly. It was an awful sight.- I feel—rather—faint.”—“ The World.” 