Papuan Earthquake. Opinions of Natives. Shocks Caused by Spirits. The following is extracted from a despatch to his Excellency the Governor of Queensland from the Acting-Admini- strator of British New Guinea, dated Port Moresby, April 1:— At 26 minutes to 7- on the evening of March 6, when anchored in the Trobriand Group on the small island or Yaga on our way from Dobu to Kavatari, we felt the shook of an earthquake. The ship heaved and trembled for over a minute. The motion was slight but marked, and was very like the motion imparted to the ship by the action of tho screw when it is reversed and the fore part of the ship is aground. So far as I saw, the shock did not affect the surface of the sea near the vessel. On our arrival at Kavatari next morning, wo found that the earthquake had been felt on shore at that place. It had caused the trees to sway, and a cavity had been formed near the village. The cavity, a few yards in diameter and about 4 feet deep at its deepest part, had apparently been due to the giving way of the covering of an underground hollow. Pullitari, the chief of Kavatari, who has succeded in persuading the people that he is an enchanter on fumiliar terms with the ghostly denizens of this sphere, evidently felt that he was bound to show that he knew all about this earth- quake. His account of the matter, which appeared to have been adopted as correct by his people, was that the spirits of their ancestors had caused the shock. These ancestral ghosts, it seems, knew that the trading expedition to Goodenough was about to start, and had therefore given the earth down below a shake, as a sign that they wished their present pos- terity good luck in their venture. "When the following day we reached the island of Sim-Sim we learnt that earthquake shocks had in the evening of the 6th been felt there, and that the island had also suffered from a wave of the sea. The island consisted of a small hill of a rooky nature, with a tongue of flat land stretching out from its northern side. The account given us by an intelli- gent native of the earthquake and the wave was this : A little after sunset they experienced a shock, then followed a loud booming sound apparently not very far off, then another shock. After this there was a lull for a shorttime, and then they heard the noise of the advancing wave, which almost immediately afterwords swept over the flat. The water knocked the frail native houses down and swept portions of them, together with household goods, into the sea. One little child was drowned, and one man that we saw had received some severe abrasions of the skin. Those of the natives who did not manage to grasp the trunks of trees were washed into the sea. Our informant said that he caught hold of a cocoanut tree, and that the water reached to his armpits. A large number of fish were left on the island, some of which I saw. The wave had struck the islnnd on its western side. The shore of the flat on this side is higher than the rest of the flat, because this is the most exposed side, and the continuous action of the sea has raised the beach, the top of which is several feet above sea level. I could not ascertain whether the wave came from a west-by-north or a west-by- south direction, but from the appearance of the beach I am inclined to think that it came from west-by-south. The sea from north-west to south-west of the island is for many miles of a fairly uni- form depth of about 10 fathoms. The most remarkable thing about this wave was the force with which the water had swept the bottom of the sea before it reached the dry land of the island. A large quantity of coral and marine debris had been thrown up ; but the momentum of the water along the bottom of the sea will perhaps be better realised by the follow- ing examples : Crawfish, orate, beche-de- mer, and ground-feeding fish had been thrown on to the island. A large block of coral, which must at least once in every 24 hours have been, when it was in its previous position, covered by salt water, was lying on the beach several feet from the margin of the sea. I estimated that this block of coral weighed at least half a ton, but others of our party thought it weighed over a ton, The top of a mushroom-shaped piece of coral, of which the stem wbb about a foot in diameter, and the tabular-shaped por- tion of which must have weighed several hundredweight, was lying on the beach several feet clear of the water with its flat top against the ground and the broken stem upwards. The column of solid hard coral which formed this stem had been snapped in two. It struck me that to snap such a thicknes of coral, the pressure of the water must have been exerted in an upward and lateral direction, and that the full impetus of the force had struck the coral at the apex of the angle formed by the under side of the flat top and the stem. A solid block of slate-coloured stone, containing about eight cubic feet, must have been raised by the water at least two feet off the ground, as the stone was resting against a tree, in which one of its edges had cut a notch and had deeply scored the tree for a dis- tanoe of 2 feet above the notch. Although some of the shrubs and plants on the flat had been broken or washed out, none of the cocoanut palms or large trees had been uprooted or injured. As the island of Kawa, to wlnoh we went next day, lies some-12 miles, to the south-west of Sim-Sim we fully expected to find that the force of the wave had been even greater thine than at Sim- Sim. To our surprise, we learnt that, although they had experienced some shocks of earthquake, there had been no wave at all. Our own observation con- firmed this "We rowed round this little island. There was no sign of the sea having risen above its usual level, but in four places large masses of the over- hanging portions of the coral cliffs had been detached and had fallen into the sea. 'The natives at Sim-Sim and those at Kawa differed in their idean as to the cause of #Ie earthquake. At SimrSim they attributed -theshocks to a strong \- ., underground wind. At / Kawa they seemed to bo disposed -to give us ' ' the credit of causing the' earthquake. /One" of .the older Kawa natives asked me . ( ' if I had not by my " talking " caused the A earthquake. I of course said that I hod ' -'nothing to do with it, but he did not look /vV/z/as if. M believed me. As the shocks i - took place very soon after the steamer \- - anohored in the Trobriand Group, it is extremely likely that aomo at least M 'these" superstitious people - j,wiH believe that wb/had something to: do/with the f earthquake; ' Even Pulitnri, ' 'not withstanding the , glib manner in wjliiph' he had previously "explained the oause' of the earthquake, not onlyhogan to entertain doubts about the infallibility of bis knowledge, but actually gave ex pression to them. On our return to Kavatari 1 told hira of what had happened at Sim-Siin and Kawa, and asked him what was the cause of the wave. The old man looked rather puzzled, and then said, "1 begin to think that it is you: who havo caused these things to happen." .1 was obliged to point out to him that the wave had done harm and that we did not wantonly inj uro people. : When we reached Cape Yogel, on March 21, we learnt from the natives tliere that a short time hack a great wave had struok the shore, apparently in For- , look Bay, at the base of Mount lYiotoryi ' News of the bataBtrophe hhd come down' the coast to 'Capo Vogel. The natives could not give the date, hut the. time they gave was a little after dark, which corresponds with the time the water swept on Sim-Sim. The natives said that four small villages in Forlock Bay which are close to each other were woshod away and some people drowned. A line from Sim-Sim drawn in a south-westerly direction would strike Forlock . Day. It has occurred to me that possibly these waves may have been due to au upheaval of the bed of the sea. Au upheaval of the ocean bed in a north-westerly and south-westerly direc tion, at some point between Sim-Sim and Forlock Fay, would, I presume, project a volume of water north-easterly towards Sim-Sim, and another volume of water south-westerly towards Forlock Day. Ou our return up the south ooast to Fort Moresby wo learnt that at the same time as we experienced the earthquake in the Trobriands a marked shook had been felt at, Dedere, at Rigo, and at Fort Moresby. At Eigo loud sounds like ex plosions were also, at the time of the earth quake, heard. Frobably the shook: was also felt along the rest of the Bouth coast between Dedere and Fort Moresby, but we have no information on this point, nor as to how far to the west of Fort Moresby and to the east of Dedere the earthquake may have extended. 