TnE Third Session of tho Eleventh Parliament of Qiieonsland will be opened at noon to-day with the usual coromonies, and naturally much in terest attaches to tho programme the Government will brine down. The general election is approaching, and it is only reasonable to expect that this fact will considerably influence tho Government in the proposals they will submit. IVo anticipate that the pro gramme recommended by this journal last year — namely, that the time had arrived for the initiation of a vigorous public works polioy, will be adopted by the Govornmont how that tho time is approaching to face tho electors. Our readers will remember that issue after issue about this, time twelvo months wo: , appealed to the Govern ment to show that they had confi dence in tho resources of the country, and to begot confidence among the peoplo by going in' for much needed public works of a remunerative charac ter only. Wo appealed to thorn to bringdown proposals for such works, and boing of a non-political charaotor they would bo considered above tho standpoint of party. .What would have been tho result ? Thoro would have boon no opposition to . the pro posals, and the condition of. the country to-day would have been in finitely bettor. But tho appeal was disregarded, and the country for twelvo months was allowed to recover from tho depression as best it might. Now, on tho ovo of a goneral election, wo expect that tho Govornmont will comodown with tho proposals they ought have come. down -with' last year, and that to-day tho Vice-Regal Speech will announco that "vigorous Public Works policy " that ought have been started last year. Tho Publio Works policy which will probably bo introduced this session will embrace (1) the construction of a railway from Charlovillo to Cunna- mulla; (2) tho extension of the lino from Eaglo Farm to the Meat Works ; (8) a lino, from llookhainpton to deep- water at Broadmoimt, and in con junction with this it may bo men tioned that an pilar has been received to removo tho wharves and sheds at Port Alma — tho construction of which cost £40,000 — to Broadmount' for a sum of £4000 j (4) tho completion of the "missing link" in the railway communication botwoen Bundaborg and Gladstone ; . (0) tho oxtension of tho Clormont branch to Blair Athol coal mine, a distanco of about twelvo miles, which will practically bo tho first section of tho lino from Clermont to 'Ravcnswood — this section is now | being snrvoyed and plans will be ready in August; (6) tho oxtonsion of tho lino from Hugbondcn to Winton, if plans, &o.;, arc ready. Wo boliovo that tho Government intend to submit each railway proposal soparatoly to Parliament as a non-party question, and it will bo determined by tho Legislature purely on its morits as a paying concern,, tho Railway Com missioners supplying all tho necessary information as a guido to assist mom- bors in arriving at a correct conclusion. Tho era of political railways has passed. Wo understand that tho Railways Construction (Guaranteo) Bill will ho ro-introduccd in. a modified form this session, with some of its most objec- . tiouablo provisions eliminated. Last year's Bill asked tho local bodies to guaranteo fi per cent, but wo boliovo that tho Bill to bo introduced this sossion will provido for a guarantoo of 2 per cent from local bodies, while tho Railway Commissioners will bo asked to pay 2 per cent, not only upon con struction but maintenance as woll, which is very different indeed to tho , proposal last year. A proposal to increases tho Payment of Members will, doubtless, bo made. Wo understand that this will amount to £20 por month with travelling expenses (fares only) to and from tho place of nomination ouco a year, rail way faros not included, as each mem ber has his free pass. In other words tho coach and steamer fares of mem bers from distant parts will bo paid. This is an adaptation of tho Now Zealand system, but tho lattor in addi tion franks all monitors' correspon dence on matters connected with tho " Public Service." Thus if a mombor is writing on behalf of bis constituents to any of tho Public Departments his letters aro franked; that is, carried freo through the Post Office when tho contents aro ondorsed. Wo anticipate that provision will bo mado in tho Estimates for a vote for tho erection of tho long-promised Agricultural Collego, and it remains to bo seen whether that provision will bo as deceptive as former actions in the same direction. It will bo borne in mind that a sum for such Collego was . placed on tho Estimates by tho Coalition Govornmont after it was formed in 1890, so as to popularise tho Coalition with tho farmers at that time. It was kapt on the Estimates for over two years, and after a re newed leaso of power was secured in 1898 it was takon off. The Govern ment wore all right; they wore in- depondont of the farmers' votes for thrco years, and tho Agricultural College vote could go to that Gehenna which is peopled with tho ghosts of brokon political promises. Now, on the ovo of another general election, we confidently anticipate that it will be restored to tho Estimatos. Wo may also safely anticipate that on tho principle that it is no use sending good money after bad, Parliament will not be asked to vote any more money for tho Communal Sottloments, which have proved a perfeot failure. Tho sum of £12,000 has been sunk in them, and the result has boon just what wo ap prehended. At the timo the Com munal Sottloments Act was passed wo hoped that every success would attend tho efforts mado under its provisions to further settlement and provido for the 'unemployed, but wo were dubious as to whether the expectations of its would bo realised. Wo pointed out tho formidable difficulties in thoir way, the , inexperience of tho people going on the land, the struggle for existence until some returns wero received, and tho difficulty of existing on tho small pittance doled out. All this pointed to failuro, and tho nature of tho land mainly given for the Communal Settle ments — land of such an inferior cha racter as to be rojected and abandoned, by squatters and selectors, and even out of tho reach of proper markets — made that failuro more cortain. In all probability tho majority of the settlements will bo abandoned after tho settlers learn that no more money will bo voted. There will bo no reduction in the Civil Sorvico salaries this year, and . possibly we may have some promises for tho bonofit of tho Civil Servants. A number of othor measures will bo -( introduced, but wo fancy we havo outlined some of tho principal pro posals of tho sossion commencing to-day. That Franco is, in the truo sense of tho torm, a richer country than Eng land, and that its population is more contontod and more prosperous, aro facts that have given rise to much discussion in England lately, and the question has boon asked why should it bo so ? The prosperous state of the French farmers presents such a marked contrast to tho depressed con dition of tho English agriculturists that several leading English states men aro asking thomselvos tho ques tion, is tho different fiscnl policies of tho two countries accountable for tho situation ? Franco under a policy of - Protection presents such a different picture to that of England under Freo- tradqthat, as a writer in a contempo rary remarks, "Many of the leading "men of England are beginning to " doubt the wisdom of blindly main- " taining a policy which, however ad- "mirable it may havo appeared in " theory, has absolutely failed to fulfil " tho predictions of its founders so far " as tho condition of the mass of tho " population is concerned. For half "a contury Great Britain has held " rosolutoly on her course as the ox- "ponont by practice and precept of " tho Frcotrado policy with tho rosult " that one- sixth of her populatjCJiji " unemployed while those that arfKp- " ployed are constantly suffering a ro- " duction in their wages. Her monn- " poly of foreign markets is absolutely " destroyed. She is depondent upon " other countries for a largo and ever " increasing portion of her food sup- " plies, whilo her own lands aro going "rapidly out of cultivation, and her "peasants aro being driven -into the " already overcrowded towns to find, " if they can, a precarious means of "subsistence." Thoso aro strong eeAiiso of her ecrcara. In fact, I am very H)rry tho matter ho boon placed in my hand SBr Oottlomcnt, bcoauso In my. own mind 1 ®cl confident tlio parish would havo been Bcll rid of yea for a cotlplo of yoars ; but Stat votlr lives ulmll not bo wrcokeu by prison '.fo, and also for tho sake of your parotite, jAiat lonely girl whom yon should havo pro- Kotod Is willing to forgive yon. Bnt lot this Ho a warning to you. because if anything of Hhd sort happens ogam tho law most tako its «t coarse. The other two ato almost a bad ®8 yoit, and I warn you and tho two who llrfefo With you on that evening, n well as GBrour companions who did nut hnppon to bo Hvlth you on that occasion, that from this wato I intend watching your conduct vory Elosoly, bccauso it is high tune that tho doings pfcnd fdtliy lsnguago of yourselves nnd oom- Ipanions, who arc at present a terror to the pBlstriot, should bo put a stop to." Tho two ilroutha wcro told to kneel, and, in a tono Houd enough to bo heard all ovor tho church, thor publicly confosscd when nnd whero and had dono, and that thoy woro very sorry. Then tho roetor prayed for them, and nftcrward asked tho congregation to pray for Uiem. Had tho svrvloe ended here all knight havo posted off quietly, but tho rector 'during hi sermon Informed tho oongrogation that tho bread would bo distributed at tho ohuroh gate after tho sarvioe, and Implored tho pooplo to carry out that part of tho scr- vico in a quiet and lovcront manner. Tlio / two lads were then marched oil to tho parish i room, near the church gates, aud tho green was thronged with people. After an interval of a f6w minutes tho rcotor led them forth, with a loaf under each arm, nnd thoy were i greeted with roam of laughter. Then fol- J lowed a aocno. Tho strongest obtoiocd tho most bread, and mon, women, nnd ohlldron woro huddlod togothof In one mass. As soon I as all tho bread had been soramblcd for the I lad Webber produced a largo tin of trenole, I which ho had purclioscd tho provious evening, a I and thon followed a ficono which will bo long 8 remembered in tho parish. Loaves were I broken op, and redistributed after having I boon dipped into tho troacln, nnd this did I not help to keep down tho laughter and 8 jokes. To orown nil, omo visitors from » »gi3wilu brought out a member of tho militia J band in full uniform, aud till Individual I 9 attempted to amuno tho nudionco with a tuno I I on his trombone, but ho failed conspicuously, I | and thus ended What will, it is nuid, bo known I a " Brcad-aud-Troaolo Sunday." 1 Mm—iiM— i— 