The Storyteller, The Mystery of Cloomber. .: [Br Conan Dotle], [Continued.] CHAPTER XV. THK DAT-B00K OF JOHN BEBTHIEB j HBATHERBT0NB. The instant that the fellow diBapjiearcd from my eight I recovered from the letbarpy whioh bad fallen npon me. Springing to my .ifeet,. I .ruihed rto the ppen ing and) looked opt.: ^ Sepoy sentry wng ?tandin#;'leaninjr ?'upon his musket, a few paces cfl.) ;: u 4' l lL « Y.gjtxiog.; I said in Hindustan^ ,.' What do you'm^an'by lotting1 people' disturb me 'in :;;:i thiiwsy?' i'':j'i) The man stared at me in amazement. ?'* ^ ' Has any one disturbed the Sahib V ho asked. 1 ; ' Thii instant — this moment. You mufU , ' hafe seen'Jhim past out of iny tent.' ? , Surely the Burrs, Sahib is mistokeu,- the man answered, respeotfaljy,fl)ut Jrmly.f; « I ? hafe' bee'n here an hour, and no one' lias , paaaed from the tent.' ,. , { Puzzled and disoonoerted, : I wag sitting. ) I by tha side of my couch wondering whether the whole thing was a delusion, brought oo ' by the nervous excitement~of bur'skifmTBu, when a new marvel overtook me. From over roj.jJeBjd there suddenly Bounded a sharp, tinkling soundi 'like that produoed byv'an ' empty glass when flipped by the nail, only I louder and more .inteuso. I looked up,, but ! | noipipg| wa» ;to jbe seen;, I examined jthe ' - whole of ' th*e 'tent carefully, bat without ||f discovering any cause for the strange sound. !' , Atlriijtworn'ourwilh1; fatigue, ,1 MaVeftbe mystery up, and throwing myself upon the couoh was. soon iast: asleep. When I woke this morning I .was inclined to-put the whole of my yesterday night's experiences down to ' imagination^ but I was soon disabuse^ of the; idea, for 1 had hardly risen before the laume Btnnge sound was repeated in my, very ear me loudly, and to all appearance as causelessly, ?a before. What it h or where it comes fmui I cannot conceive. I have not beard it since. '?' Oah the fellow's threats have something in , them and this bo the warning bell of which he .spoke ? ?. . Surely it is impossible. Yet his manner was indescribably impressive. I have tried to set down what he said as accurately ' as 1 can; put I'.fear I 'have; omitted .a good; ' deal. What is to be the end of this strange affair f I mast go in for a course of i religion and holy. water.-' Not a word. to ' Ohamberlftitt or Elliott. They' tell me I am ' looking like a ghost this morning. ,- JEWntfig. — Hate i managed : to! compare i notes with Gunner Rutus Smith of the Ar . tillcry, who knooked the old fellow over with , with -ths bait of his gun. His experience has been the same as mine. He has heard the sound too. What is the meaning oi it , !- all ? My brain is in a whirl. Oot. 10 (four days later).— God help as ! , Tbis last laoonio entry terminated the journal. It seemed to me that coming as it did after four days' complete silence it told a dearer tale of a shaken nerve' and a broken spirit than oould any more elaborate narra tive. Pinned .on to the journal was a sup plementary statement which had evidently abded by the general. 1 ? From that day to this,' it said, ' I have bad no night or day Iree from the intrusion of that dereadful , sound with its accompany ? ing train of thought. Time and custom have brought me no relief, but, oc the \- contrary, as the years pass over my head my physical streogth decreases and my nerves I become less able to bear up against the oon tinaal strain. I am, a broken man in mind and body. 1 live in a state of tension, always straining my ears for the hated sound, afraid to convene with my fellows for fear :of i ' exposing my dreadful condition to them, 1 with no cotnfort or hope of comfort on this side of the grave. I should be willing, Heaven knows, to die, and yet as each 5th of Ootober comes round, I am prostrated with fear because I do not know what strange and ? ,' terrible experience may be in store for me. Forty years have passed ainoe I slew Ghoolab Bhab, and forty times I have gone through all the horrors ol death, without attaining the blessed peace whiob lies beyond. . I have , no means of knowing in what shape my fate ', i will come upon me. I have immured mysolf i in this lonely country, and surrounded myself with barriers, because in my weaker i moments my instincts urge me to take some steps for self-proteotion, but I know well in 1 ay heart how futile it all is. They must I eotne quiokly now, for I grow old, ; and Nature will forestall them unless they make haste. ; ' I take oredit to myself that 1 have kept my hands off the prussip acid or opium 1 ' bottle. It has always been in iny power to { i checkmate my occult persecutors, in that way, but I have ever held that 'it man in J' this world eannot desert his post nntil he has been relieved in due course by the authorities. ] I have had no scruples, however, -about exposing myself to danger,' and during the : \ Sikh and Sepoy wars i did all that a man oould do to court death. He passed me by, however, and pioked out many a young ?' fellow to whom life was only opening 1 and who had everything to live for, !' while I survived to win crosses and lt honours whioh had loBt all relish tor 1 me. Well, well, these things cannot depend upon chance, and there is no doubt some deep': reason for it all. One compensation Provi-t denoe has made me in the shape of a true and' faithfal wife, to whom I told my dreadful secret before the wedding, and who nobly consented to share my lot. She has lifted ]' half the burden from fmy shoulders, but ? with the effeot, poor soul/ of crushing her own lifsr- beneath its weight. ,( My children, too i have been a comfort to me.f Mordaunt knows all or nearly all, Gabriel we have endeavored to keep in the dark, though we cannot pre-i vent her from knowing that there is some thing amiss. I should like this statement to ' / be shown to Dr. John Easterling, of Stranraer. ' i He heard on one occasion this haunting ? 'I ' sound. My sad experience may show him ' ' that I spoke truth when I said that there j/ was much knowledge in the world which has r ' never found its way to Enfjland yet. i/i ' J. B. Heatherstosb.' (- 1 1 To^bejjcontinued. 