[ALL QUEENSLAND EIGHTS RESERVED.] OF FIRE!-J S New Novel by MISS BRADDOR, AUTHOB OP "Lady Aodley'i Secret," "The Fatal Three," "Wyllard's Weird," ' "The Bay Will Come," Then Art the Wan!" Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XXII. IpJ^HE time was drawing near. The corn was cue and carried in many a broad sweep of hot chalky soil, and 'summer's branding sun had burnt np the grass on the wide bare down, where never shadow of tree or hush made a cool spot in the expanse of light, and heat, and dryness. The mysterious immemorial stones yonder on Salisbury Plain stood np against a background of cloudless blue; and every window of the cathedral in the valley winked and flashed in the sunshiue. Only in the sober old close, and the venerable gardens of a bygone generation, within hedges that dead bands had planted, trees whose growth dead eyes had watched, was there coolness or shelter, or the gentle slumberous ieriings ofv summer afternoon in its restful perfection. Here, in the antique drawing-room, Mrs. Mornington and her niece were taking tea after a morning with tailor and dressmaker. " There never was such a girl for not-caring nere as that girl of mine/* said Mrs. Morning ton, with a vexed air. " If it had not been for me I don't think she would have had a new frock in her trousseau, and as she is a very prim personage about 'lingerie,' and has a large stock of Parisian prettiness in that lint, there would really have been nothing to bay." "Bather a relief, I should think," laughed Mrs. Canon, who was giving them tea. "A most delightful state of things," asserted Mrs. Subdean, proud mother of half a dozen daughters, in which opinion agreed a county, lady, also rich in daughters. "Ah, yon are all against me!" said Mrs. Mornington; " but there is a great pleasure in buying things, especially when one is spending . somebody else's money." "Poor papa," sighed Snzette. "My aunt forgets that ne is not Croesus." "Lookat the girl's wretched pale face!" cried Mrs. Mornington. "Would anyone think that she was going to be married to a most . estimable young man, and the best match in the neighbourhood—except one ?" At those two last words Suzette's cheeks flamed crimson, and the feminine conclave looking at her, felt she was bring cruelly used by this strong minded aunt of hers. " I don't think the nicest girls are ever very keen about their trousseau," said the' county lady, with a furtive glance at a buxom freckled daughter, who had lately "become engaged, and who had already began to discuss house-linen and frocks with a largeness of ideas that alarmed her parents. "Yes; hut there is a difference between car ing too mnch and not caring at alL Snzette would be married, in that white gingham she is wearing to-day, if I wonld let her.'' "Pray, don't tease people about my frocks, auntie. If you can't find something more interesting1 to talk about we had better go away," said Snzette, with a pettishness which was quite unlike her; but it must be owned that to be.made the object of a public attack in feminine convocation was something exas perating. Mrs. Mornington was not to be pat down. She went on talking of frocks, though one of . the daughters of the house carried Sozette off to the ganlen—an act of real Christian charity, if she had not-spoilt her good work by begin ning to talk of Suzette's lover. "I can quite fancy your aunt must be rather boring sometimes," she said. " But do tell me about Mr. Carew. I thought him so nice the other day at the flower show, when yon intro duced him to me." " What can I tell you about Mm ? You Have seen him—and I am glad yon thought him nice." "Yes; hut one wants to know more. One wants to know what he is like—from your point of view." "But how could you see Mm from my point of view? That's impossible." "True! A casual acquaintance could never see Mm as be appears to yon—to whom he is all the world," said the Canon's daughter, who was young and romantic, having lived upon church music and Coventry Patmore's poetry. "There's my aunt showing'them patterns of my frocks!" exclaimed Snzette, irritably, glancing in at the drawing-room, where Mrs. Mornington sat) the centre of a little group, handing scraps of stuff out of her reticule. The scraps were being passed round and peered at and pulled about by everybody with a meditative and admiring air. An African eavage, seeing the group, would have sup posed that some act of sortilege was being per formed. "It is rather an ordeal being married," said the Canon's daughter, thinking sadly of a cer tain undergraduate who was downhearted about his divinity exam., and upon whose achieving deacon's orders within a reasonable time depended the young lady's matrimonial prospects. She sighed as Bhe thought of the difference In worldly wealth between that well-meaning youth and Allan Carew; and yet here was the future Mrs. Carew pale and worried, and obviously discontented with her lot. When those gowns had been ordered, Suzette frit as if it were another link forged in the iron chain which seemed to weigh heavier upon her : every day of her life* * j She had promised and die must keep her promise; that was what she was continually , saying- to herself. Those words were woven ; into all her thoughts. Allan was so good, so | true-hearted! Could die disappoint and grieve | him? Could she be heartless, unkind, selfish— think of herself first and of him after—snatch at the happiness fate offered to her, and leave him out in the cold? No, better that she should bear her lot—become Ids wife, lire out her dow, melancholy days, his faithful servant and friend, honouring him and obeying him, doing all that woman can do for man, except loving him. Those meteoric appearances of Geoffrey's had made life much harder for Suzette. She ought have fonght against her love for him more sue* cessfnlly perhaps had he been always near; had she seen him almost daily, and become accus tomed to bis presence as a common incident in the daily routine; bat to be told that he was in the far north of Scotland yachting with a friend; and then to be startled by his voice at her shoulder, murmuring her name in Discombe Wood; and to turn round with nervous quick ness to see him looking at her with his pale smile, like a ghost—or to be assured that he was salmon fishing in Connemara, and to see him suddenly sauntering across the lawn in the July dusk, more ghost-like even than in the woods, as if face and form were the mere materialisation which her own sad thoughts had conjured oat of the twilight. He would take very little trouble to explain his unlooked-for return. Scotland was too hot; the North Sea was like a vast sheet of red-hot iron, blown over by a south wind that was like the breath of a blast-furnace. Ireland was a | place of bad inns and inexorable rain, and there ; were no or none that he could catch. He ! had come home because life was weariness away | from home. He feared that life meant weari The days were hurrying by, and now Mrs. Morning-ton talked everlastingly of the wed ding, or so it seemed to Suzette, who in these | latter days tried to avoid her aunt as much as ' was consistent with civility, and fled from the I Grove to Discombe as to a haven of peace. Mrs. Mornington loved to expatiate upon the | coming event, to bewail her niece's indif ferentism, to regret that there was to be no I festivity worth speaking of, and to enlarge upon the advantages of Allan's position and sor- ■ roundings, and Suzette's good fortune in having I borne to Matcham. " Tour father might have spent a thousand pounds on a London season, and not have done half so well for yon," she said conclusively. The General nodded assent. Certainly, between them they had done wonderfully well for Suzette. From this worldly wisdom the harassed girl fled to the quiet of Discombe, where the peace ful silence was only broken bv the deep broad stream of sound from the organ, touched with ever-growing power by Mrs. Wornock. Suzette would steal softly into the music-room nn- I announced, and take her accustomed seat in the I recess by the organ, and sit silently listening ! as long as Mrs. Wornock cared to play. Only i when the last chord had died away did the two women touch hands and look at each other. It was about a week after that wearying day in Salisbury when Suzette seated herself by the player in this silent way, and sat listening to a funeral march by Beethoven, with her bead leaning on her hand, and not so much as a murmur of praise for mode or performer stirring the thoughtful quiet of her Hps. When the last melancholy notes, low down in the bass, bad dwindled into silence, Mrs. Wornock looked up and saw Suzefte's face bathed in tears—tears that streamed over the pallid cheeks unchecked. Geoffrey's mother started up from the organ, and clasped the weeping girl to her breast. "Poor child! poor child! He was right, then? Ton are not happy." " Happy! I am miserable! I don't know what to do. I don't know what would be worst or wickedest. To disappoint bim, or to marry him, not loving him!" "No, no, no, you must not marry, not if you cannot love him. But are yon sure of that, Susie ? Axe you sure you don't love him ? He is so good, so worthy to be loved, as his father was—years ago. Why shonld you not love him ?" "Ah, who can tell?" sighed Suzette. " Who knows why love begins, or how love gets the mastery ? I let myself be talked into thinking I loved him. I always liked him— liked his company—was grateful for his atten tions, respected him for his fine nature, and then I let him persuade roe that thm was love. Friendship and liking are not love; and now that the fatal day draws near I know how wide a difference there is between love and liking." "You must not marry him, Suzette. You know I would not willingly say one word that would tell against Allan Carew's happiness. I love him almost as dearly as I love my own son; hut when I see you miserable—when. I see Geoffrey utterly wretched, I can no longer keep silence. marriage must be broken off." "He will hate me; he will despise me. What can he think me ?—false, fickle, unworthy of a good man's love." "You must tell him the truth* It will be cruel, but not so cruel as to let Him go on be lieving in yon, thinking himself happy, living in a fool's paradise. Will yon let me apeak for yon, Snzette?—let me do what your mother might have done had she been here to help yon in your need?" . ■ . , ' Suzette was speechless with tears, her face hidden on Mrs. Womock's shoulder. The door I was opened at this moment, and a servant i nounced Mr. Carew. Allan had approached the group by the ozgaa before either Mrs. Wornock or Suzette could hide her agitation. Their tears, the way in which they clung to each other, told of some over-mastering grief. "Good God! what is the matter? What has happened?" he exclaimed. . " Nothing has happened, Allan, yet there is sorrow for all of txs—sorrow that has been, com ing upon us, though some of us did not know ; it. Suzette, may I tell him—now, this moment?" ••May you tell me? Tell me what?" ques tioned Allan. " Suzette, speak to me—you— I you—110 one else!" Fear, indignation, despair were in this tone. He caught hold of Suzette's arm, and drew her I towards him, looking searchingly at the pale, tear-stained face; bat sbe shrank from his i grasp and sank on her knees at his feet. ' J •( it is my miserable secret—that most be told ! at last. I have tried—I have hoped—I honour i —X respect you—Allan. Bat our hearts are i not oar own; we cannot guide or govern their I impulses. My heart is weighed down with shame and misery, bnt it is empty of love. I cannot love you as your wife should. If I keep my word I shall be a miserable woman." I "You shall not be that," he said'sternly— ! " not to make me the happiest man in creation. Bat'doh't yon think," with chilling delibera tion, 44 this tragedy might have been acted a I little earlier. It seems to me tbat yon have I kept yonr secret over carefully." ' 441 have been weak, Allan, hopelessly, miserably weak-minded. I tried to do what was best. I did not want to disappoint yon " 44Disappoint me? • Why, you have fooled « fmm finsfc! T>?«annnmfc me? Whv. I me from the first! Disappoint me? Why, I have built the whole fabric of my future life upon this rotten foundation! I was to be happy because of your love; my days and years were to flow sweetly by in a paradise of domestic peace, blest by your love. And all the time there was no such thing. Yon did not love me; and the hopelessness of the endeavour is brought home to you to-day—three weeks before our wedding-day. Suzette. Suzette, never was woman's cruelty crueller*than this of yours." She was in floods of tears at his feet, her head drooping till her face almost touched the ground. He left her kneeling there, and rushed away to the garden to hide his own tears—the tears of which his manhood was ashamed, the passionate sobs, the wild hys terical weeping of the sex that seldom weeps, j He found a shelter and a hiding-place in an angle of the garden, where there was a i side walk shut in bv close-eropped cypress walls, and here Mrs. Wornock found mm presently sitting on a marble bench, with his elbows on his knees, his face hidden in his hands. She seated herself at his side, and laid her hand gently on his. "A nan, dear Allan, I am so sorry for you," ■he said softly. 441 am very sorry for myself. I don't seem to need anybody's pity. I think I can do all the grieving." 11 Ah, that is the wont of it. Nobody's sympathy can help yon." "Not yours," he answered almost savagely; " for at heart yon must be glad. My dis missal makes room for someone else—someone 1 whose interests are dearer to you than mine ! could ever be." ••There is no one nearer or dearer to me than you, Allan—no one—not even my own bod. You have been to me aa a son—the son of the I man I fondly loved, whose face I was to look j upon only once—once after those long years in j which we were parted. I have loved you as ! a part of my youth, the living memory of my lost love. Ah, my dear, I had to learn the lesson of self- surrender when I was younger than yon. I loved him with all my heart mind, and I gave him up.'' 44 You did wrong to give him up. He him self said so. Bnt there is no parallel between the two cases. This girl has let me believe in her. I have lived for a year in this sweet delu sion—a bliss no more real than the happiness of a dream. She would have loved - me; she would have married me; all would have been well for us bnt for yonr son. When he my chance was blighted. He bno charms of mind and manner which I have not—like me, they say, but ten times handsomer. He can speak to her with a language which I have not. Oh, those singing notes on the violin—that long-drawn lingering sweep of the bow, like the cry of a spirit in paradise—an angelic voice telling of love ethereal—love released from clay —those tears which seemed to tremble on the strings—that loud, sudden sob of passionate pain, which came like a short, sharp amen to the prayer of love. I could understand that language better than he thought. He stole her lore from me—set himself deliberately to rob me of my life's happiness.'' "Itiscruel to saythat, Allan. He is in capable of treachery, of deliberate wrong doing. He is a creature of impulse." "Meaning a creature with whom self is the only god. And in one of his impulses he told Suzette of his love, even in plainer words than his Stradivarius could tell the story; and from that hour her heart was false to me. I saw the change in her when I came back—after my father's death." 44 Yon ore unjust to him, Allan, in your grief and anger. Whatever his feelings may have been, he has fought' against them. He has made himself almost an exile from this house." 