A. LIFE SENTENCE. By A.DKLINK SKRGEANT, Author of " Jaoobi's Wife," "Under Falsa Pretenoes,""ttoy's Repentanoo," "Deveril's Diamond," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXX. When Habere Lepel quitted Beeohfield, a inririen calm, almost a stagnation of interest, seemed to fall uirtm the plaoe. Mrs. Vane was •aid to be " ten •tron({" tlian usual; the spring weather tried her; she must be kept quiet, the dootorsaid, and, if possible, tranquil in mind. bl e ** m y ,oul . isn't ahe tranquil in mind! the General had almost shouted, when Mr. Infil-dew gave his opiuion. " What •lseoan ahe be? She hasn't a single thing to worry her j or9 if she has, she has only to mention it, and it will be set right at once." The village dootor smiled amiably. He was a pale, thin, dark little man, with insight ratber in advance of bis actual knowledge. H» would hare been puzzled to say why he had lumped to .the ponclusion that Mrs. Vane's mind was not quite tranquil; but he was sure that it was not. _ Possibly be was influenced by the conviction that it. ought not to be tranquil; for. in th« course of his visits among the villagers, he had heard some of the ugly rumours about Ootinie'a past, which were more prevalent khan Mrs. Vane herself suspeoted, and than the General ever had it in his power to oonoeive. " Well, sir," he said—for Mr. Ingiedew was always very deferential to the squire of the parish—" what I meant was more perhaps that Mrs. Vane r<>q'iires perfoot freedom irom all anxiety for the future than that ahe ia suffering frem uneasiness of mind «t present. Possibly Mrs. Vane is a little anxious from time to time about Master Dick, who is not of a particularly robust constitution ; or perhaps about Mies Vane, who does not strike me as looking exaotly what I should call 'the thing.'" "No—does she, Ingiedew?" said the (xoneral, diverted at onoe from the consideration of hit wife'* health to that of his nieoe. "She'e pale and peaky, is she not ? - Have you eeen her to-day?" " K'm—not professionally," replied Mr. Ingiedew, rubbing his chin. " In point of faofc, Mrs. Vane intimated to me that Miss Vane refused to see me—to see a dootor at all. I am sorry for Miss Vane'e own sake, a* I think that she is not looking well at present— not at all well!" "There she goes!" oried the General. " We'll have her in and bear what all this is about. Enid, Enid—oome here !" He had seen her in the conservatory whioh ran along one side of the house. He and Mr. Inglede^ were sitting in the library, and through its half- open glass door be bad caught eight of the girl's white gown amongst the flowers. She turned instantly at his oall. "Doyon want me, unole?" "Yes,-dear. You are not looking well, Enid; we are oonoerned about you," said the General, going Up te her and taking her by the hand.. " Why do yon refuse to see a dootor, my dear ohtld ?" " Bat I have not related, unole." •"Oh—or—Mr. Ingiedew" "I understood from Mrs. Vane," eaid the doctor, " that yon did net <rith for medioal advice. Miss Vane." fSnid ooloured a little, and was silent for a moment; then the answered in farr usual gentle way, " I had tome disinclination a few days ago to oonsnlt a dootor, and perhaps Mrs. Vane has accidentally laid more stress on my saying to than I intended. Bat I am quite willing now to oonsult Mr. Ingiedew a little." She tank into a ohair as if she were very tired, and for a moment closed her eyes. Her face was almost colourless, and there were violet tints on her eyelids and her lipe. Mr. Ingiedew looked at her gravely, and knit his brow. He knew well that her explanation of Mrs. Vane's wordt was quite insufficient. Vlrs. Vane had sweetly and solemnly assured him that ahe bad begged " dear Enid" to see a doctor—Mr. Ingiedew or another—and that she had firmly relused to do to, laying that ehe felt quite well. Enid's wordt did not tally with Mrs. Vane'a report at all. The dootor knew whioh of the two women be would rather believe. The General walked away, leaving the patient and the medioal man together. At the close of the interview, whioh did not last more- than a few minutes, Enid rose with a weary little amile, and left the room. The General oame back to Mr. Ingiedew. "Well, Ingiedew?" Mr. Ingiedew looked grave. " I should not say that there waii anything very terioutf"heeaid : "but Mitt Vane certainly requires oare. She raffer* from palpitation of the heart and Eaintness ; her pulse ia intermittent: the complaint of nausea and d laziness. Without itethosoopic examination X oannot of course be tare whether there it Anything organically wrong ; but I should conclude—judging as well as I can without the aid of auieoltation—that there was some disturbance—functional disturbance—of the heart." "Heart? Dear, dear, that's very serious, it it not?" " Oh, not necessarily so. It may be a mere passing derangement produoed by indigestion," said the dootor, proeaioally. " I will come in' again to-morrow and sound her. _ I hope it it nothing more than a temporary indisposition." And ee Mr. Ingiedew took hit leave. "Mrs. Vane did not want me to see her," ie said, as lie left the home. " I wonder why?" Meanwhile Enid, pairing oat into the hall, had been obliged to stand still onee or twioe by reason of the dirainess that threatened to overoome her. She leaned against the wall until the feeling bad gone off. and then draggtd herself slowly up the stain. She bad suffered in this way only for the last week or two—tiaoe Hubert went away. A,t first the had thought the warm spring weather was making her feel weak and ill. hot ehe did not remember that it had ever done so before. Jibe had generally revived with the spring, and been stronger and better ia the warmth and sun«hine of summer. She could not understand wbjr this spring ehonld make her feel ao ill. She went into her own room and lay down flat on the bed. She had the sensation of wishing to aink deeper and deeper down, at if she could not »inb too low. Her heart seemed to beat more and more slowly ; each breath that she drew was an effort to her. She wondered a little if she was going to die. Presently she heard somebody enter the room. She was not strong enough to turn her head ; but she opened her eyet and saw her maid Parker standing beside her bed and regarding her with alarm. " Law, mitt, you do loek bad !" she said. Enid's white lips moved and tears trembled on her eyelashes;' but she did not speak. Parker, seriously alarmed, hastened to orooure smelling-salts, brandy, and ean-de-OoIogne, and, with a few- minutes' oare, these applications produoed the desired result. Enid looked a little less deathlike; she smiled as she took a dose of brandy and sal-volatile, and moved her fingers towards the woman at her aide. Parker did not at first know what she wanted, butdisoovered at last that the girl wanted to hold her band. Contaot with something human seemed to h«lp to bnng her back from the shadowy borderland where she had been wandering. Parker, astonished and confused, wanted to draw away her hand ; but the small oold fingers olosed over it resistlessly. Then the woman stood motionless, holding a vinaigrette in her free hand, and iookiug at the pale face on the pillow, at the pathetic blue eyea whioh sought her own from time to time as if in want of pity. Something made Parker'a heart beat fast and the hit tears same into her hard dark eyes. She had never felt any particular fondnest for Miss Enid before: but somehow that mute appeal, that silent olaiming of sympathy and help, made the woman who had spent the last few week* in dogging her footsteps and spying out her seorets, bitterly regret the bondage in whioh her past life had plaoed her. " Do you feel better now, miss !" she asked, in an unusually soft tone, presently. *' Yes, thank you, Parker; but don't go just yet." Parker stood immovable. Secretly she began to long to get away. She wu afraid that she should ory if the stayed there much longer holding Enid's soft little white band in hers. "Parker," said Enid, presently, "were you in your room last night soon after I went to bed?" Th« maid slept in the next room to that of her vonng miitress. '' Yes, miss; at least, I don't know what time it " It was between 9 and 10 o'olock when I went to bed. Did you see anybody—any one all in white—oome into my room after I was in bud ? If your door was open, you might have urea any one pais." "Good graoious, mils, one would think that you was speaking of a ghost! No, I didn't see anv4>ody pass " " I thought perhaps," said En<d, ratber faintly, "that it might be Mrs. Vannooming to see how T was, you know. She has a loose, white wrapper, and she often throws a white ]a<*e xhawl over her hrad when she goes down the nassaves." " You must have been dreaming, roiss,"said Parker. She found it easier to withdraw her hand now that the conversation had taken this turn. ' I nippose I must, said Enid, in a scarcely audible t«j»e. Then she turned away her face and said. " You can eo now. Parker; I feel better. I think that I shall go to sleep." But ahe did not sleep even when Parker bad departed. She lay thinking, with the tears gathering and falling one by one, until they had made a great wet spot on the pillow beneath her bead. The ahadow that hung over her young life was growing very dark. Parker had hurried into her own room, where she first shnt and looked the door as if afraid even to think while it was open, and then wrung her hands in a •ort of agony. " To think of it—to think of it!" she eaid, bursting into tudden sobs. " And Miss Enid so tweet and innocent and gentle ! What has she done ? What has she got to be put out of the way fer? Just for the sake of the money, I suppose, that it may all go to that wretched little Master Dick ? Oh, she's a wicked woman —a wicked woman; and I'd give iny life never to have set eyes upon her. for she'll be the ruin ot me oody and soul !" But "she"in this oasedid not mean Enid Vane. Parker was aroused from her meditations by the sharp tinkle of a bell, whioh she knew that Mrs. Vane must have rung. She started when she heard it, and a look of disgust crossed her fane; but, as she hesitated, the bell rang again more imperiously than ever. Parker dashed the tear from her eyes, and sped down the long corridor to Mrs. Vane's dressing- room. Her hands were trembling still. " Why do you keep me in this way when I ring for you, Parker ?" said Mrs. Vane in her coldest tone. " I rang twioe." " Miss Vane wanted me, ma'am. I have been with her." There was an odd tremor in the woman's voice. Mrs. Vane surveyed her oritioallv. " You look very strange, Parker. What is the matter with you? Are you ill ?" "No, ma'aui; but Miss Vane is." Connie grew a shade paler and looked up. She was still ia her dressing- gown—whiteedged everywhere with costly lace—and her fair hair wes hanging loose over her shoulders, " III ? What is the matter with her ?"' "I—I thoueht perhaps you wonld know, ma'am," said Parker desperately. Then, afraid of what eke had eaid, she turned to a drawer, pulled it open, and began ransacking it diligently. From the momentary silence in the room, she felt as if her shaft bad gone home; but she dared not look round to see. " What on earth do you mean, Parker V said Mrs. Vane, after that one dead pause, whioh said eo muoh to her maid's auspicious ears ; the chill disdain in her voioe was inimitable. *' How oan I tell you what is the matter with Mies Vane when 1 have uot eeen her since dinner-time yesterday '• She was well enough then—at least, at well in she has been since this trying weather beesn " " Didn't you see her last night, ma'am, when you went to her room about eleven o'clook?" eaid Parker, trying to aetume a bolder tone, but failing to hide her nervousness. Again a short but unmistakable pause. "No, I did not," eaid Mrs. Vane, drily. "I listened at the door to see if she was asleep, but I did not g<» in." "She teems to have been dreaming that you did, ma'am." " What nonsense," said Mrs. Vane, a little hurrit-dly. " You should not attend to all her fanoiea, Parker. You know that she has very odd fanoies, indeed, sometimes. The shook of her father's death when she was a ohild had a very injurious effect upon her nerves, and I should never he surprised at anything that she chose to do or say. Pray don't get into the way of repeating her words, or of imagining that tb6y must necessarily be true." "No, ma'am,"arid Parker, submissively. Evidently there was nothing more for her to say. Well, perhaps she had pot her mistress on her guard. "Oh, by-the-bye, Parker 1 There are two dresses of mine in the wardrobe—the brown one and the silk—that you oan do what you like with. And I waa thinking of sending a little present to your mother. You may take thit purse—there are seven pounds in it; send it to her tram me, if joa like, as a little acknowledgment of your faithful nervioa. And if—if there is anything else that I can do for her, you need only mention it." "Thank you, ma'am," said Parker, but without enthusiasm. "I don't know as there's anything that she wants at present." " Take the purse,"said Connie, impatiently; "and, then go away and come back when I ring. I won't have my hair brushed just now. Is Miss Vane better?" " Yes, ma'am—she'e better now." And Parker went away, knowing very well that she had been bribed to hold her tongue. Bnt after that interview the noticed that Enid seemed to reover tone and strength, that for a few succeeding days she was more like herself than ahe had been of late, and that the eymptoms of faintnees and palpitation whioh she had mentioned to Mr. Ingiedew disappeared. Parker nodded mysteriously as she remarked on theee faets to herself, and thought that for onoe her interference bad had a good effeot. She had lately found less to report concerning Miss Vane's movements than before Mr. Lepel's visit, for Enid's ministrations amongst the poor had been almeit entirely brought to a olose on the ground that close cottages and the sight of suffering must necessarily be bad for her health. Accordingly she had gone less and less tu the village, and had seen almost nothing of Mr. Evandale. Parker, being thus less often "on duty," found more time than usual for her own various aoraps of business, and took ooeaaion one evening to run out to the poatoffioe while all the family were at dinner; and while at the post offioe she notioed a stranger in the village street—a highly respeotable, venerable-looking old man with picturesque white hair and beard. "That's Mr. Dare, who's a-stayin' at the inn," said the postmistress to Parker, who waa a person of considerable importance in village eyet. "Such a nioe old gentleman ! He comes from Amerioa, where they say he's made a fortune, and he's very liberal with his money." So good a oharaoter interested Parker at onoe in Mr. Dare. She felt quite flattered when, in passing down the lane, ahe waa aooosted by the gentleman in question, who pnlled off his hat to her politely, and asked her whether the could tell bim if Mr. Lepel waa likely to visit Beech field Hall in the oourae of a week or two. "Let me s<-e?" said Parker. "Why, yes, sir—I heard yesterday that he was coming down next Saturday, just for a day or two, you know." "I used to know a Mr. Lepel onoe," taid the stranger, "and he did me the kindness. If this is the same I'd like to thank him before I go. I heard bim mentioned up at the 'Crown' yonder, and wondered whether I could find ont ?" " I daresay it's the eame—he's always a very kind gentleman," quoth Parker, remembering the half-crowns that Hubert had many a time bestowed on her. "Fair, isn't he?" said Mr. Dare. "That was my Mr. Lepel—fair and ahort and stout, and a nioe little wife and family " "Oh, dear no—that isn't our Mr. Lepel!" said Parker, with disdain. "He's.tall and very dark and thin ; and, as to being married, he's engaged to Miss Vane, of Beeohfield Hall, or as good as engaged I know; and they're to bemarried when she's out of her teens, because the General, her unole, won't consent to it before." "Ah," said the stranger, "you're right; that's not the gentleman I know. Engaged, is he ? And very fond of the young lady, I suppose?" _ " Worships the very ground she treads upon!" eaid Parker. She would have thought it infra dw. to allow for one moment that Mist Enid did not meet with her deserts in the way of adoration. " He's alwaysooming down here to see her. And she the same ! I don't think they could be happy apart. He's just devoted !" " And that," said Reuben Dare to himself, *' is the man who makes my girl believe that he is fond of her.*' 