" TO THE EDITOB. " Sir—The Hospitals Bill after all is only to apply to the hospitals of Perth. It is near time that the Forrest gang were taught that the principle ef giving with one hand and taking " back with the other is hardly good enough for "the too patient people of West Australia. What excuse can the' curried slaves * offer for the unfulfilled promises of the Premier that provisions would be made in this Bill to hand over the hospitals of the colony to the control of the general public. But perhaps the artless " Sir John only intended it as an election cry to "enable him to crawl back again to office. It "may be necessary under a form of government where the will of a few governs the voices of many to centralize everything connected with " public affairs so that the executive by extend- "ing the hand of patronage can strengthen its "position by securing a return of its following, " but under a free constitution such as that we "live under local institutions like hospitals ought to be Under the control of the people " who support them. When an elector in "Geraldton spoke about our hospital here and " asked the member for the district had he any "idea of the way it was conducted, he was "asked where were the proofs of incompetency, "as though everybody could not see them every "day. Geraldton can show more cripples dis- " charged from its hospital than any place I've "been in. Surely they must be regarded as " living monuments of the skill of the Govem- "ment medico? The member for the district "replied to the before mentioned elector that " he would ask for a commission to enquire into "any charges made against the way the hospital "was conducted. Such answers as these are very good to " bluff " people who dou't know "any better but fortunately the schoolmaster has been abroad of late in this slow-going place and the public know or can form a good idea of the sort of people who would sit on " such a commission. No doubt they would be "highly important persons and therefore im- " partial.—1 remain, "Geraldton,October 7th, 1894." That is the letter which is set out in the statement of claimas containing the alleged libel, and the following is the inuendo the plaintiff puts upon the allegation contained in it were:—The defendant meaning thereby that tlie plaintiff was unskilful and incompetent in his said piofession and business, and incompetent to control and manage the said Hospital at Geraldton, and that the plaintiff had been guilty of misconduct and negligence in his said profession and business, and in the control and manngement of the said Hospital, and had acted in his said profession and business unskilfully, negligently, and improperly, and had not done liis duty by the patients in the said Hospital, and owing to his incompetency had crippled, maimed, ill treated, and neglected many of the said patients, and was unfit to be employed as a medical man or to hare the charge and control of the said Hospital. In answer to that, the defendants pleaded, formally denying the inuendo, also that the observations were fair comment upon a matter of public interest, and they were made without any malice towards the plaintiff. Then there is a foolish plea. They say everything thatthey say is true, they justify it, and I think, gentleman, that before this case is concluded you will see that the defence of fair comment will practically be abandoned, and that if they have any case at all to make out they must rely upon the plea of justification. You see, therefore, gentlemen, that you have a most important task before you. You hive a direct accusation made upon a professional man. He was attacked .in his most sensitive part. We may say he is attacked in his professional capacity, and that attack, if successful, must go very near to ruin a man situated as Dr. Elliott was in Geraldton, because if you say of a doctor that he is unskilful, that he neglects his patients, and that instead of curing his patients he turns them out cripples, what more damaging statement can you make ? It is cot for me to prove express malice. I will not enlarge upon that, because His Honor will direct you as to that subject. I simply put this libel before you and ask you to draw your own inferences. It is no doubt libellous per se. It is calculated to do Dr. Elliott grave injnry, and the only real defence they could have in a case of that description was the plea of justiGcation. The gravamen of a charge of libel was its publication. You or I can sit down in our office and write as much scurrility as we like, but it does no harm, because it is not published. In this case it was not that the words were written merely, but that they were published in a newspaper, and one which they had reason to suppose was widely circulated, especially in the district where Dr. Elliott was best knowu. We all recognise the right of a newspaper, or of any contributor to a newspaper, to criticise the actions of public men, but we must be very careful that they do not step outside the bounds which the law has laid down. It is not a fact that a newspaper has more privilege in the matter of criticism than my one else, although I must admit that it is generally accepted that more latitude is given to it than to any ordinary individual. But in a case of this kiud, no matter whether the matter is contributed or not, the Editor and proprietor of a newspaper in default, is liable and the public duty is cast tipoa that Editor in the matter of contribution to see that nothing injurious or libellous is published, he must have as great a regard for that which is contributed to his newspaper as that which lie wriles himself, and if, as in this case, be declined, and I shall prove that he has declined to give the name of the writer, then he accepts the responsibility for what was written, and the publication of this iibel was, therefore, an Editorial responsibility Don t be misled by platitates which will* probably be brought before you about the duty of Editors to safeguard public rights the independence of the Press, and al that sort ef thing, the Press being a creat charter of liberty, etc., and soon. AL though everybody regards the Press as an important factor in society, yot since it P n v: e^' it has ! e o important duties nnd responsibilities, and one of the latter is to see that no person is damaged in his reputation, no person is vilified, and that no person is hurt or put to contempt unless the circumstances of the case justifies it. With regard to tlio plea of fair comment, you will s e o that it o^ens with an attack upon tlie Government, then with a reference to the member for the district, Mr. Simnson Ur hlliott. If , t ,s fair comment, it can only be upon the actions of the Government or the member, because that which according to their plea, gave rise to the letter, was that Mr. Simpson was addressing his electors in Geraldton just before tjie election. Now, what on earth has llllintt to do with the action of the Alinitsiry or «f Mr. Simpson ? and If it is admitted that they have a right to say harsh things about the Government or about Mr. Simpson, it would not justify harsh things being said about IV. Elliott bo the^r. cannot now co ne in'o court and* fiay this is fair comment on a matter of " A T'OTHEBSIDEft. public interest The question of Dr. Elliott was clearly not before the people at the general election and therefore they bad dearly gone outside the issue. This rabid writer, whoever be may be, was evidently intent on criticising adversely the Government of the day, and the member for the district. They could possibly afford to laugh at the criticism, and most public men can. But it is another thing to attack a man in his private capacity. That must result in depriving him of bis livlihood, because Dr. Elliott relies, not only on the Government, but also on private practice, antl it is damaging to him to have anything said which will drive his patients away from him. The plea of justification is n o d o u b t an heroic defence, it is neck or nothing for the defendants. The law upon the subject is clear. The defendants are bound, if they resort to the plea of justification, to prove it up to the hilt, and in support of thisi view I will quote "Odgers on libel, p. 178 " There you will see the light m which the law regards this plea of justification. In proving our ease, the. onos of proving what tiiey said was true was cast upon the defendants. And if they prove their case, well, it must be damaging to Dr. iilliott. If on the other hand it is not proved, then what can you think of the Press, who will publish such a gross and unfounded libel. I would ask you therefore, gentlemen, to turn your best attention to this case, not to /eg«rd * as a mere frevotity, but as a direct and terrible charge against a professional man who is dependent on his prof fS .onforln fi da.y bread. In this letter it is stated that the cripples in Geraldton are a "living monument of the skill of the Government Medico" The def-ndante practically admit 'these words are damaging, they sav " what we have stated is true, and we are coming into Court and we arc going to prove it." They have undertaken a heavy task, and it is for you to say whether they have fulfilled it. You w. see from the correspondence which I will read, that the defendants have been defiant throughout. The learned Council then read Beveral letters which had passed between plaintiff's solicitors and defen- ^Dr Elliott's reputation was a stake, and in tlie absence of apology, what other course was open to him, except to ask you for a verdict ? I am not here to ask you for damages which will set Dr. Elliott up for the rest of his life in com fort. No doubt the learned Judge will tell you the plaintiff is entitled to damages if the plea of justification is not proved, but there has been no apology. no attempt whatever to soften the aspereities of the terribly severe charge that has been made. I mean to point out to you the attitude of defendants towards Dr. Elliott for the past three years and more. My case is, that not only is Dr. Elliott a skilful person as surgeons ordinarily are, but that he is particularly kind to his patients, and I shall be glad to see those persons who Bay otherwise, submitted to the test of cross-examination when they appear to disparage the doctor's skill or injure his reputation as a man. The learned counsel then read extracts from certain issues of defendants'paper, to Bhow in what estimation they had held Dr. Elliott prior to the appearance of the libel. a be first, dated 2nd October, 1891, contained a com- plimentary reference to the doctor's atten tion in a case of a threatened outburst of scarlet fever. The next in October, 1892, commented upon the statistics of the Hospital for the year, complimenting Dr. Elliott on the health of the district. The third was dated 23rd October, 1893, and spoke in complimentary terms of the professional assistance plaintiff had obtained, and also of himself. On 3rd March, 1894, there appeared a further reference to Dr. Elliott, aod I must ask your particular attention to this because it appeared shortly after Mr. Kenny, who was part proprietor of the defendants' newspaper, and was also its manager, was discharged from the Hospital care, and, no doubt, was at that time overflowing with gratitude to the doctor. Dr. Elliott will tell you that on many occasions Kenny has been an inmate of the Hospital. The extract referred to was then read. It spoke of Dr. Elliott as a friend of many in the district, and also of the need of improving the hospital, in order to fit it for the demands of the times, and of the comforts which the Hospital then gave to patients. After all these Editorial remarks, continued the learned counsel, made up to so late a date, we find the defendants coming into Court and pleading justification. There is an inconsistency somewhere, and how they are going to get out of it I do not know. It is for you to say. We have as much right to make use of their complimentary remarks as we have to complain of the libel. We may rssume—I do assume—that the letter with the nomdeplume of "T'othersider 1 ' is nothing but a plant. " Totheisider" would imply a stranger, or at least a recent arrival in Geraldton, and I shall ask you to believe that it was not written by a stranger, but was written in the Editoral office or inspired there. When asked, they declined to give up the name of the writer. Of course they are not bound to give up the name, but by declining to do so, they make it an Editorial matter. How could " T'othersider," if a recent arrival, know of what took place during the last ten or fifreen, or twenty years in Geraklton ? We challenge defendants to deny it. We challenge them to put Mr. Kenny in the box to deny the charge. I hope he will be there. I hope he does go into the box. We shall hear his statement and hear his cross-examination, and we shall see whether he will deny all knowledge of the letter ; whether he will deny that he received fair treatment in the Hospital, and we shall hoar his explanation of his inconsistency. We shall treat him with every show of consideration that a gentleman of his position is entitled to, and it is is only right in the interests of this enquiry tbat he should be there. N«t content with publishing tiiis libel in their issue of 10th October, we find that when a demand has been made by a solicitor to them the Editor publishes the correspou deuce, and by doing this they give further publicitv to the libel coiiij-huned of, and you wilf fee that this thiows upon them still further responsibility of this plea of jnstilit alion, hecmise by doing to they rub it into I)r. Kllir.t. They *ay- " Yes ! We libelled you ou the lUth Oc- tober. We will keep that going—we will make it as public as we can." The learned Counsel then read the correspondence :— Geraldton, 2Gth October, 1894. The Secretary Victorian Express Company, Limited, Geraldton. Sir,—I am instructed by Mr. Charles Bolton Elliott to request you to furnish me with the name of the writer of the letter under the heading "The Hospitals Bill," and over the signature " A T'othersider," which appeared in the Geraldton Advertiser newspaper published by your Company on Wednesday the 10th inst. and again in the Victorian Express newspaper published by your Company on Friday, the 12th inst, as it is his intention to institute legal proceedings in respect thereof. I am, sir, Yours faithfully, The letter was handed to the Editor, who replied as follows:— A. H. du Boulay, Esq., Geraldton. Sir,—Your letter bearing to-day's date has, in the usual course of business, been handed to me, as the Editor of the Victorian Express and Geraldton Advertiser, for my consideration. In reply to your request, as contained therein, I have to state that I absolutely refuse to give up the name of the writer of the letter signed " A T'othersider" or of any other anonymous writer who reooses confidence in me, in my capacity of a journalist, to preserve secrecy in respect ot his identity. I am, Yours faithfully, Editor Victorian Express and Geraldton Advertiser. There you see, continued the learned Counsel, they have nailed their colors to the mast. They say—" We have libelled Dr. Elliott, and will continue doing it, because we are justified." You notice how Mr. Drew speaks about the confidence people reposed in him in his capacity as a journalist, and of enticing liim to betray a man who " confides in him." That is merely Editorial fireworks. What I wish to point out to you is a cruel, and surely unmanly attack, unless it can be proved by the plea of justification. As Anglo- Saxons, we know we are proverbial for our pugnacity. We glory in a fight at times, but though we glory in a fight, we say—" Let that fight be fair ; let the man have fair play ; don't stab a man in the back ; don't hit from behind, but attack him face to face." Unless the defendant can prove their plea, they have made one of the cruellest and most unmanly attacks they could. Nail them to it—let theiu prove it if they can. This vilification came from the hands of the man Kenny, who had received the greatest kindness at the hands of the doctor. Could there be so great a revulsion of feeling in nine months as to justify the remarks made in the letter signed "T'other sider?" The plaintiff faced this enquiry, and would not flinch from it. Failure of the plea was proof of an unmanly and cruel attick, and it had been undertaken by methods that would disgrace the name of a respectable journalist. I will not dilate upon the question of damages ; that question will be submitted to you by the learned Judge. What I would ask is that if you do give Dr. Elliott damages you will not so much regard the aggrandisement of the plaintiff—because after all it is to clear his good name which is paramount to us— but that you will give such damages as will show to the defendant company that it is not open to them to vilify a man in plaintiff's position without good cause, and then get off scot free. Dr. Elliott was called, and in answer to His Honor stated : I am Government Medical Resident Officer of the Champion Bay district, and am a duly qualified medical practitioner. By Mr. Burt: How long have you been in that position ?' I was appointed locum, tenens, I think, at the end or middle of August, 1874. I remained there three or four months, until I was relieved about two months afterwards. In December of the same year I was permanently appointed, and have remained there ever since. What qualifications have you ? M.R.C.S. of England, L.ll.C.P. and L.M. of Edinburgh. Tell as roughly the district yon are in charge of ? When I went there there was no other medical men from Roebourne in the Hor'-West, to Guildford in the South. It was the Victoria district to which I was appointed, and there was no other medical men within that district. Some time afterwards a man was appointed to the Greenough. What sort of an Hospital had you ? At first a very small one, consisting of two wards, with six beds in each. It has greatly increased, and now there is a building m which we can make up 30 beds. Have you any other duties besides the Hospital? I have to visit the gaol, and attend gaol officials. Did the terms of your agreement with the Government give you private practice in the district? Yes. Has there been a fair amount of practice in the district ? Yes. How many eases have yon had in the Hospital since you have been in charge ? Within the past 20 years about 3000 patients—indoor and outdoor—have been attended to. Of these TOG were surgical eases, and were treated in the Hospital. All those I have mentioned were outside my private practise. These surgical cases include all sorts ? Yes ; fracture?, tumours, etc., etc. Did it ever come to your knowledge prior to the publication of this letter, that you were accused of misconduct and negligence during this period ? It did not. Do you remember having an outbreak of scarlet fever in October, 1891 ? Yes ; the patient was a child named Fritt. Was that alluded to in complimentary terms by the Victorian Express ? Yes ; the paper produced was the one in which the paragraph appeared. It is dated 2nd October, 1891. Mr. Haynes inspected the paper, and pointed out that it was published by Alfred Carson. Witness : It was printed for the Geraldton Express Company. Mr. Drew was, I believe, the secretary of the Company at that time. I believe so, but uin not sure. His Honor : I cannot Uke that. Mr. Burt: We are Filing the Victorian Express Company, and not the publisher. Mr. Haynes : Jutt uow you staled it was Mr. Kenny's paper. The learned Counsel then rend seveml extracts from issues of tin* di-fcmlni^ts' paper, which re('• rn-.I in in<T<» «>i ies- < <>mplimenUiy terms to the plaintiff. Ohl- of these, dated October 2nd, 1893, give the statistics of the hospital. Another referred to tie engagement by plaintiff of Dr. Spencer as an assistant. Examination continuing— You engaged an assistant ? When ? Some time in 1893 I wrote to England for a qualified practitioner as assistant, and Dr. Spencer came out. The paragraph in question (read) was published in the issue of 23rd October, 1893. I gave the particnlars for that paragraph to Mr. Drew. They thought a lot of Dr. Spencer? Yes ; they did. Do you know H. E. Kenny ? Very well. What has he to do with the paper? He is the manager of defendants' papers. The.-e are two papers, one published weekly, and one bi-weekly. How long lias lie been in that position ? Some years. I know he was prior to 1891. Did Mr. Kenny go into the Hospital early in 1894 ? Yes ; in February he was treated by me. He was discharged on 3rd March of the same year. Shortly after his discharge did you see an article in the Victorian Express of the 9th March ? Yes I did. Mr. Kenny told me he wrote it himself and discussed it with me in the Hospital. It was a good article. Did you ever know Mr. Kenny or anyone else accuse you of misconduct ? No. The Learned Counsel having read a part of the article in question, Mr. Haynes insisted upon the whole being read it the document was to be put in. His Honour: Certainly it must be. Article read. By His Honour: That was the article written in the hospital by Mr. Kenny. Mr. Burt : On the 10th October was your attention drawn to the Geraldton Advertiser of that date containing a letter having reference to you ? It was. The letter was signed " T'othersider.*' Yes. It begins : " The Hospital's Bill after all is onlv to apply to the hospitals of Perth" Is that true ? It is not true. Who are the" Curried Slaves" refer ed to in the letter 1 I do not know. Is that the language generally to this paper ? It is about the usual style of the paper How did you receive that letter 1 I was very indignant, naturally ? Do you consider it makes charges against you P It does. With unskilfulness, negligence and mismanagement and turning out more cripples than any other institution in the colony ? Yes. Has it affected your private practice ? It has affected both myself and also the hospital. Did you see in either of these papers afterwards a statement of a claim you were bringing against this paper. Yes, the statement of claim which sets out the alleged libel in extenso was published in the front page among the advertisements for 7 or 8 weeks in the weekly issue. It came out first in the Geraldton Advertiser Is the paper produced (of 8th February) one of the papers in which it was published 1 Y^s. The paper produced is the Geraldton Express. This is the same paper as the Victorian Express. They altered the name of the paper as soon as the libel action was commenced. Can you tell us when the name of the paper was altered ? A week or two afterwards, I think, I am sure it was afterwards. Did you notice any reason given for the alteration by the Coy. P No. Mr. Haynes : The reason was, I believe, because the miners on the gold fields mistook the paper on account of its name for a Victorian paper and confusion was caused. You notice that the correspondence is also published as well as the statement of claim. Did it appear in the bi-weekly paper ? It only appeared in the bi-weekiy edition once and then was transferred to the front page of the weekly paper. (Paper produced.) This issue of the 12th December 1894 refers to you ? That refei-s to me in connection with this case. This concluded the examination in chief of plaintiff. CROSS-Examxnatio N . Cross-examined by Mr. Haynes : Prior to going to Geraldton, Dr. Elliott, have you been in charge of a hospital before 2 I have, the Colonial Hospital. How long ? I think about 7 months. You were House Surgeon under Dr. Way ien ? I was. You say that when you went to Geraldton yon say thero was no doctor between Perth and Roebourne. Was Dr. Thistledon at Northampton ? f think he was. He was not practicing I know. You have spoken of 3000 cases having passed through your hands ? Yes. Have you any record of them 1 Only a record of inside patients, but not of outside. You estimate it at 3000—about 150 a year 2 Yes tliajt is about it. That 3000 of course includes all petty ailments as well as more serious ones ? All sorts of things—fiacturedarms of children, crushed fingers, etc., etc., There were no petty eases ? Some of them were petty cases, there was a mixture. \ Were you always in attendance on these cases ? I have dressed them every day or nearly every day. Every day ? Nearly every day. Do you mean to say you "were never accused "oy patients themselves of neglect ? No, I do not think I was. ° Did you have a patient named Mooney / Yes. lie left the hospital 1 Yes. On leaving the hospital did he tell you he had been badly treated 1 It is no use your suggesting that, because I have his certificate signed by himself that he was properly treated. By His Honour : He was admitted to the hospital on January 2nd 181)3, suffering from paralysis. Was he discharged cured or otherwise 1 He was handed over to your brother who said he had come up to take the case. There was scandal about the town that Mooney was not properly treated. Who ordered him out of the hospital? He was taken ont by his friends and placed under the charge of Dr. Laffan pending your brother's arnral. I had a telegram from Dr. Majncs saying he was coining up to look after him. i received from Mooney this finite. Certificate put in which stated he had been properly treated and lh it it »as not true that he bad been nlSuwe<l to i : «in i.is txcreni'-nt three days. In who*!!- hand w riling is this? Moonei's. All of it / Y> s. I kiio-v it is. \V:iy did >on iliink it necessary to g-t a Certificate fnua liilli ? Wiines.c, (ox -itediy) : Dr. Laff.tn who i-i a qualified mcdical man practicing in Get aid ton, had been turned out of the Geraldton Club by the members. He asked me if I would meet him in consultation and I refused. From that time he spread scandals about the hospital, and he did everything to ruin me. It is reported that he asserted he would before long ruin Maitland Brown and myself. Dr. Laffan is a brother medical practitioner ? Question not answered. Was that given before he left the hospital? Yes. How could he know about these things before the man left the hospital ? I did not say it was given me before he left the hospital You stated it was before he left the hospital. I will now alter my answer, I will say it was given me at the time he left the hospital. Now answer my question, what was your reason for wanting to get this certificate from Mooney ? 1 wanted to protect myself against scandalous remarks which were being circulated as to the mismanagement of the hospital by Dr. Laffan. You stated that was the reason that prompted you,to get Mooney to sign that piper ? Yes. Were these rumours current before or after his discharge ? Yes, Can you explain how Dr. Laffan could circulate such a charge before the men left your charge ? I cannot. By the Judge* It must have been before the man left the hospital, because 1 had heard that Dr. Laffan had threatened to ruin me because he was expelled from the Geraldton Club. I had heard that he had telegraphed to Dr. Haynes and that made me connect him with the rumours. By Mr. Haynes : Was it rumoured about the town that Mooney had been scandalously treated ? It was rumoured about town that he was lying in bed in the Hospital rotten with bed sores. Who was your orderly at that time, McGrath ? I forget. On the day he left ? I really forget. Did not Mooney accuse you of havin? left liim 3 days without visiting him ? I believe he did. In McGrath's presence ? Not in McGrath's presence. Had the certificate been given then or not ? No. With reference to Mooney, you mentioned him as a patient, was he a pauper patient ? He was in a private ward attended to day and night by a nurse who never left him, I believe. What is the distinction between the private ward and the pauper's ward ? There is a private ward for patients who can pay for it. It is provided for in the medical regulations. Who receives the payment, who appropriates the payment? The Government, they receive all of it. Is there a difference between the treatment of patients in the private ward and the public ward f None whatever. Do you not charge the patients themselves 1 In the Hospital. No, not privately. You make no direct charge to private patients ? No. Are there two forms of receipt one on bine and one on white paper ? I do not know there is any receipt at all. Let L me call attention to a case, Doctoi Kenny ? I bad an .account against him Whilst in the hospital f No. There was a receipt in his case ? This account was for attendance on him his wife and family Mhilst he was outside the Hospital, as a private patient, not for treatment in Hospital. ' I take it then you did not receive from Kenny payment for treatment in Hospital for your own services ? Yes. By His Hononr: There was no charge made to H. E. Kenny. On the last occasion can you tell nse-how long Kenny was in Hospital ? Kejiny was admitted on the lith February |8S4~asd discharged on 4th March, About 3 weeks or so ? Yes. Did you give Kenny a refcsipt for medical treatment during the term ? Jf he paid it I did but I doubt whether he did pay. I give a receipt when the money is paid, it is paid into the Treasury and I get a receipt. How often in your judgment should a medical officer visit a patient who has a fracture ? I cannot lay down a regular rule. I take it you are responsible for care and treatment being properly carried out ? Yes. How often do you think it neeessary to attend the Hospital ? I attend the Hospital every day but I do not think it necessary to visit every patient—that is every day when in Geraldton. Did you receive a patient in the Hospital named Chas Connell ? when and for what was he treated 1 Yes I did—Register No. 8S13 (he was a convict) December 22,1880. What was he suffering from ? A smash in a railway accident. A compound comminutive fracture of the leg. His Honour to Mr. Haynes : Do vou want this taken 1 Mr. Haynes:—Certainly 6ir, it is a part of the pleadings. To Witness : Did you amputate his leg? I did. Have you the date you amputated it ? I have not the date. By His Honor : It was not very long after 1 know. He asked me to save-the leg and I did everything I could to save it but it was of no avail. In order to save his life I told him I must amputate it. His Honour : Did he survive ? Mr. Haynes : He will be called in evidence. His Honor : Then he must be alive, unless you call his ghost. Mr. Haynes: He will be in the flesh, all" that they have left of him. Some considerable time elapsed before you saw him at all at the hospital ? Not if I was in Geraldton. Did you see his leg and do nothing at all to liim ? No, tbat is untrue. Did you then leave for some days and take a piecc of bone out of his leg ? I do not think I did. Did you go away to Northampton and after your return look at his leg again, and were maggots an inch long coming out of his leg ? That is not true. I did not neglect him in any way. When you examined him on your return were there not maggots coming out of Ids wounds au inch long, and was it in consequence of that ? No. Did you put your hands on his toes and press them, and asked if he felt the pressure ? It may be I did. r Did you have to unstrand a piece of rone (o tie up his Je£, and two months afterwards was a picce of rope cut out of the flesh which had »row.. over the rope, forming a K lump 1 x\o. You know tin" man? Yes i s j n G e- r.i!<'t <n. ••• he <iis.;h:l'L'- <l i:. J„| v y y of . D,l J.m ten him „-. i, a; : l8J , the Hospital them-si mu, erune :n -.vith a similar complaint you would V able to cure him ? Never 1 lid my best for th e mau , l wrote to the Government to get him a cork leg and they sent to England for it. He wearing it now. You seem to take * great interest,in him P No, I do not. You have referred to his registered number the same as you could not refer to Dr. Laffan without mentioning that hs was expelled from the Geraldton Club ? I have a reason. Between December 22, 1880 and July 21 1S81 were the following persons discharged from the Hospital lame, Sievewright turned out with a tup lame ? I think he was there at the time. At this stage Mr. Burt asked that all witnesses should be ordered out of Court. Mr. Haynes objected as the application came too late, but npon Mr. Haynes withdrawing his objection, the order was made. Continuing, Mr. Haynes asked: Is he lame still, maimed or crippled for life ? I don't know, I have not seen him. Sievewright was admitted in April 1881 he was taken ont at his mother's request against my advice ; I should not be surprised if he were a cripple. You are reading from memoranda ? Yes it is taken from the Hospital register. Have you produced it"? Yes it is here. (Book produced). Pitchforth ? Yes he was smashed by a P.C. whilst locking him up for disorderly conduct. How do you know this ? I can remember this perfectly well. You can.remember something then? He came in with his leg broken. Was it a compound or simple fracture ? A simple fracture. He was brought in from the lock up. They bandaged it at the police cells ? I don't know. The morning after the fracture he was brought to you ? Yes. You looked at it and set it next morning ? £ set it I do not know when. After lying five weeks in bed did you examine it a second time ? He left the Hospital to go home. Answer the question. It is not a fact that I set it again 5 weeks afterwards. 4 or 5 weeks ? I don't quite understand the question. After he had been lying in bed 4 or 5 weeks did you a second time examine it ? He remained in the Hospital 16 days and was discharged at his own request. Daring the 16 days I paid him every attention. When was he^received on the first occasion ? 16th February and discharged 3rd March. Is it a fact that before you discharged him you found a piece of bone sticking out? There may have been a bit of bone. I do not remember that circumstance. He walked out on crutches P He was carried out. Some time after did you reset it? Yes. Were these the only occasions upon which you examined it ? I do not remember. I examined it when I thought necessary. He was readmitted; when? On 19th May, with fracture ununited. Was he not readmitted on 18th March I I don't think he was. I am looking at your own book. Yes, he was re-admitted on 18th March and discharged 4th May, 1880. This was the second admission. He was again re- admitted on 15th May, and left on 8th May, 1880. Was be cured ? He was a bit crooked. Did not you and Dr. Ennis subseqHently re-set that leg, and is he not now a hopeless cripple ? There was not a Dr Ennis. Was not Dr Ennis in charge of the Colonial Hospital ? I think he was. I had great trouble in breaking down the fibrous union where the joint was about to unite improperly. His Honor: I suppose a uneducated man rcrght look upon that as breaking] the leg again. By Mr Haynes: Did you send him to Perth to Dr Way Ien, who refused to take him in and sent him back to you P No, I don't remember it. You have a good memory. Was it not ten mo»ths after the fracture that you re set the limb? It was set, becausj he is walking about on it now. I take it that it was a simple fracture ? I don't say it is a simple fracture. I take it from your own book. Is it not a fact that it was re-sei ten months nficr the break? I do not remember re-setting that limb after it got bony nnion when he left the Hospital on Sth November. Did you have anything to do with it after Sth November ? 1 don't think. Did not he leave the Hospital on crutches ? Yes. He is in Geraldton now ? Fes, Bobert Crochet*? He was admitted Sth November, 1880, with a fractured leg. Simple fracture? I think it was. He was discharged llth January, 1881, Was he carried away a cripple ? I don't know what you call a cripple. He was well enough to go out. Did he walk out on his own legs, or was he carried ? I think he walked out on his own legs. It is not true he was a cripple for a considerable time ? I don't think he was. Dr. Elliott, will you be good enough to give me date of his admission again ? 1 beg your pardon ; it was 1880 not 1888. He was- in the HosDital with Connell? Yes. Patsey Shea ? He had a fractured leg. A simple fracture ? Yes. After his admission his leg Wi.s set ? It was. Had you not frequently to break the leg again and re-set it ? He was a very troublesome patient, and it may have been so. Is it not a fact that the bones of his leg are spliced like, so—(placing one open hand over the other) ? No." it is not. Is it not true that his leg is very sore ? He gets drunk sometimes. That would make bis leg sore ? Yes, it would. Oh, then you attribute it to drunkenness I He was not a cripp'e for some considerable time afterwards ? No. His Honor : He could not have been quite straight unless he had been cured by a miracle. W. Clifford ? Was he received at the same time ? I think he was. He was a tickel-ofleave man. His Honor: That is not a compliment. "Witness : No. The fact is theseticket-ofleave men were very much hunted by the police when they came into town.* He broke his ankle two years previously in the bush, and rather than come in he let the bones join naturally. One foot was at right angles to the other. He said he would give me any money if I would put it right. I broke it and re-sct it, and discharged him perfectly cured on 13th May, 1880. Was that whilst Connell was th'-re ? I suppose it was. John Dunn ? He is in Mount E'izi Depot. He came in after an t-x-essive bout of drunkenness. I visited him at one .of the boarding-houses and found him suffering from paralysis from excessive drunkenness. I had to take him in on 20th July, 1892. How l«ng <vns he in the hospital ? Until 17th October. 1892, and was re-admitted in November of that year. He must have bee:! in the hospital about twelve months, Is it a fact that you did not examine him at any time, and that Dr Spencer only examined him once? It is not true;. He was galvanized for some time, and then I sent him to Mount Eliza. Is he a cripple now ? I don't know what you call a cripple. He is a paralytic. His Honor: If the man is a paralytic yon must see he Is a cripple. Was he in good bodily health? No ; he was suffering from paralysis. You said it was brought on by excessive use of alcohol P Yes. Was any physic given him? Yes, there must have had some. Do you know it is a fact that he was not prescribed for during the whole time he was there ? I don't think it is. John Jackson ? I don't kno .v much about this man. It was injury to hand and arm. He came in on 6th October, 1880, and left 3rd November of the same year. Was it not swollen arm and side ? Verv y likely. What treatment did he receive ? He must have received some. Is it a fact that yon ordered a linseed poultice P I don't remember. His Honor: Are you going to ask a jury about this, a linseed poultice, fifteen years ago? Mr Haynes : I have given them particulars. His Honor: I protest against the wasting the time of the Supreme Court. Mr. Haynes: Is it a fact -that after that yon left him for twenty-eight days ? Not if I was in the district. Had I been in Geraldton I would have seen and treated him. George Mitchell ? He was admitted 6th January, 1894, suffering from head paralysis. Was it not from injury to his back caused by a foil tbat he was hurt ? His Honor: Surely that was not his fault. Your sense of humor is deserting you, Mr. Haynes. Mr. Haynes : I really fail to see the oc- casion for these remarks. Surely I am conducting my case with all propriety. To witness: Did he ask for opening medicine ? (Laughter.) His Honor: This is degenerating into a farce. Witness i It is not true that I refused him pills unless he paid for them, and that he borrowed the money to buy them. His Honor: It really seems incredible that a doctor would refuse a maw a pill if he wanted it. George Atkinson ? He was admitted at the age of 64, and was re- admitted at the age of 78. When first admitted he had both legs broken? No. Not both legs. 1 think it was a compound fracture of the femur of the Left leg. Did you have to reset one of his legs 14 days after you first set it ? Yes. He was 64 years old. Was it not caused by his being placed oh a bed which gave way with his weight P It might have been bo. Has he been turned out as incurable P He is 78 years of age, and he left the hospital because I wished him to go to the Mount Eliza Depot. His Honor: Did he complain of having lived too long ? John Hodgson? He is upnards of 64 years of a^e, and when he came in he was very drunk and got his leg smashed. He was a very troublesome patient. I kept him 170 days out of charity. When he left was he a hopeless cripple ? Hie was & cripple from my earliest recollection; long before I came to the district. Edward Eoberfcs ? In March last he left against my wish. He was smashed in a railway accident, and had his foot crushed between the engine. He left the hos- pital on account of his young woman, and was afterwards under Dr. T*a.flfyTi, He is now quite well, and is a railway guard. I had told him that if he remained in another week it would be cured. Maudesley P He has refused to go to Court. Mr. Haynes: We will see about that. Was Maudesley treated by you, and did he leave the hospital in a crippled state ? Maudesley was smashed in a railway accident. Hie was brought to the hospital suffering from shock, and I refused to amputate his Leg then. When he was fit for amputation Maudesley refused to sanction it. He is now well, and is now walking about doing his work John Leary p I received him into the hospital in 1892, he was suffering from scurvy. His age is 60. I had to discharge him for geing out and getting drunk. Is it not true that he left to get his clothes ? He went out to get his clothes and came back drunk. Is it true that during the six weeks he was there you only saw him once, and prescribed for him only once ? No. Ada Nellay ? She is one of my private patients. She was thrown from her horse and taken to the hospital and treated by Dr. Spencer for broken collar-bone. She was taken home, and Dr. Spencer and I attended her. She has also been under Dr. Greville. It was not until afterwards that it was found that her shonlder was dislocated. Her arm is stiff. She made no complaint as to treatment. James Toohill ? He was thrown out of a trap and hurt his chest in 1892. He was in hospital 9 days. Previous to that he had his shoulder dislocated: He had been under Dr. King, and witness told him to bring Dr. King and he would put him right under chloroform. He did not turn up however. John Dignan ? He - broke both legs. I attended him and he is alright. Did he make any complaint ? None whatever. John Tetherington ? He had a broken leg, and was very troublesome. When he could get about he got very drunk. He is all right now. T. G. Hopwood ? He was in from May 9th to August 24th, 1891. He has served a sentence since then. Did not he complain bitterly about the treatment he had received. No. Did he not call a meeting of the Church of England Vestry P No. He spoke to the Churchwardens in favor of supplying the inmates with tobacco and other comforts. His Honor suggested that the whole list of names given to the plaintiff as likely to be called as witnesses should be put to the witnesses, and that each case should not be mentioned. Mr. Haynes: Your Honor knows my position, unless I ask about these witnesses I may be debarred from examining them afterwards. The Attorney General agreed to waive the right he possessed in this respect, provided he could recall a witness and examine him upon any new points which might be raised. Mr. Haynes then formally asked witness if he had seen the names on the amended list, and if any of them had complained of the treatment they Deceived by reason of his neglect or indifference P Witness answered, none of them. Did you see a subsequent list ? The Attorney General objected. The list in question was only received on Fri- day last, and it might be impossible to find out anything about them in time. Mr. James pointed out that when the order was made that particulars of defendant's witnesses should be furnished to the plaintiff, it was understood tint they should not be debarred from hearing fresh witnesses if they found them.- His Honor decided to reserve the point. Mr. Haynes to witness: Did you see * second list? I did. Did any of them turn out cripples t No. Did any of them complain of your treatment ? No. Of the neglect, not so much of any unskilful treatment, but of want of treatment ? No. By His Honor: I have heard that some complained that they did not get medicine enough. By His Honour: Are you part proprietor director, or shareholder in a newspaper called the Geraldton. Telegraph P I am ft shareholder in a paper, but I really do not know the name. Did you see a letter published in the issue of 1?arch Sth, signed by Whitney and Allan, purporting to be an answer to " TthersiderV letter P Yes. Is this the letter P [Lettet read.] Yes. THE GERALDTON HOSPITAL. Arthur H. du Boclay. J. M. DREW, 