THE BOWER BIRD CREEK RUSH, By Telegraph. CLONCURRY, Monday. Nine tons of stone from Berry and Doolans Victoria Reef at Bower Bird Creek, Yielded 73 ozs - 4Dwts smelted gold. close up £4 per oz,the stone being worth thus worth about £32 per ton. There is a large scope of country available for prospectus with & little money, and plenty of water is available and al!uvial gold can be obtained but men should not rush unless provided with some means rations, are obtainable here at cheap rates. The country is rough and horses must be shod. BURKETOWN, Monday. There is great excitement at the result off the crushing from the Bower Bird Greek diggings averaging over 8oz per ton. Large numbers of men are starting for that field expecting to find a big rush. The distance from here is 140 miles, and the road is made by teams which arrived on the field with supplies. The longest stage is twenty miles, and here is plenty of permanent water on the route. Rations are cheap and reasonable on the ground. Allavial gold in small quantities has also been found on the field. NORMANTON Monday. The splendid return from the West Leichart reef have caused great excitement in the town and at a meeting of the Munici- pal Council and Divisional Board and leading townspeople £150 was subscribed in the in the room for the purpose of opening up the shortest and best route the new rush on the West Leichardt a distance from Nor manton of only 236 miles. Authenticated information just received states that nine tons of stone from the Victoria reef on that field crushed 73ozs 2dwts. The reef from which the stone was obtained is 5 feet, wide and outcrops for six miles, the gold being worth £4 per ounce. A party in charge of licensed surveyor Macdonnell ie starting immediately to open up the direct route and arrangements have been make for a line of coaches to run direct to the field for six pounds. Thomas Freen and other carriers are now loading here with stores and mining requi- rements for the field. BRISBANE, Monday. Warden Riley of Cloncurry has wired to the under secretary for mines that 9 tons of quartz from the Victoria reward claim on the Leichandt river, yielded 73ozs of retorted gold. _J~ ontinuing bis reexamination, Sir fiidward CJirkequesfcione-J wi'nese concerning *dw«r J Sfae ly. Mr Wilde sjici fchatcertain letters handed npto him werein the handwriti ng of Shelly. They were ail that lie had found "which Shelly had seat him. The first con tuned the name of a gentleman which Sir Edward ruppreefed, but IS* Wilde stated that it wins that of a gentleman of good posi tion sad repute. A mother asked for a ticket to admit him to the representation of Ibsen's "Ghosts" at the In iepend ?nt Theatre, and] ^wtained references to Mr Wilde's poem, ^The Sphinx' and his French play 'Salome.' And the third referred entirely to BheUj'a own affaire. At that time-March, 1893, Mr Wilde explained that he had left hia position, atd vet looking oat for another situation. The fourth was full of complaints about nis poverty. He said he was on the verge of despair, and asked for a loan of £1. Mr Wilde lent-or gave-him £5. He Waa then receiving a ni&rTof; £50 a year in a city office. Another letter asked Mr Wilde to fay and get him some occupation in a publisher's or a newspaper otfoe. A further letter to Mr Wilde warned him that he had deadly enemies in London. Hie relatione with Ed ward Shelly were those between a man of letters and a young man who admired Lit work. Witness continued: Tt was on A.uguet 1 that he went to Worthing, where he met Alfbnzs Conway, and he stayed there about twomon ths. He was not there continuously. He had a house there, and stayed with hia wife and family. His wife andfaia boys went down the re with him. After a tnas the boys went back to echool, and Mrs Wilde left Worthing to go visiting, but he stayed on there. He did not know that Conway had ever been employed as a newspaper boy. They used to go out aaiiing together every day. lira Wilde wa arquinted with Conway. He Left: Worthing about the 2nd or 3rd of October, and he h&d; never seen Conway eince then. He ha i how ever written one letter to him, in the month of November last, with refereice to lis be coming an apprentice in the merchant reiv'ce Witness first saw Wood in January, 1893, at the Cafe RoyaL He had only once seen him at Taylor's rooms-on the occasion of the lettere.He understood Wood t3 have been a kind of clerk. He had no idea wh&t; the occupation of (liarles Parker ar,d his brother had been Atkins had been introduced to him by the gentleman whose name was not to be mra tiened, when these various men were intro duced to him he had no reason whatever ?o ehow him that they were immoral or dishonourable men. He still thought there was nothing to ehow that there was any thing disgraceful in their conduct, or any reason why he should cease to associate with them. He had never in hia life seen Char ee Parker at the Savoy Hotel; he had never in hia life been at 7, Cannon square or Park walk. With regard to Walter Granger, be was in his service about three months, and he was in ill-health during a great pact of that time. Witness continued: Early in July, on the Wednesday following Lord Q.ueeneberry'e visit to him, he had an interview with a member of Lord Queenaberiy's family who was a member of Parliament. LORD ALFRED DOUGLAS'S POST CARD TO HIS FATHKR. Mr Carson here called tor and obtained permission to put in as evidence (he postcard written by Lord Alfred Douglas to hi* father. The postcard said as Lord Queens berry returned Hia eon's letter unopened, he was obliged to write on a postcard. He treated his father's threats with indifference, ani should go anywhere he liked, and would make a point of appearing in aa many public places as possible with Mr Wilde. The cote further stated that Lord Queensbenry had disowned the writer three times, and he held no right over his actions, either legally or morally, and that if (Hear Wilde prosecuted him for criminal libel he would get seven years' imprisonment. If Lord Queensberry tried to assault him he would defend himself with : a loaded revolyer, which he always carried, and if ho shot him fas would be perfectly justified, as ho would be acting against a vile and dangerous rough, and if he died no one would misshim. Sir Edward Clarke then read a letter fir.m Mr Humphrey b. Mr Wilde's solicitor, to Lord Queensbexxy, offering to take no further step with regard to on action tor libel, on condit ion that Le gave Wilde a written apology. He also read-Lord Qneensberry's reply; the defendant wrote that he would certainly not tender any apology to Mr Wilde. The Mar quis of QueeDBberiy had an interview with Messrs Humphreys, and euhesquentiy wrote that if the relations went on he should have no other course but to give information to Scotland Yard. This concluded the examination. The jury asked permission to pat a few questions to - Mr Wilde. Mr Wilde in repljjSaid that the editor of the "Chameleon" was not, a personal friend of his at the time the number referred to in the plea appeared. Be had met him, though subsequently. The "Chameleon" was not he thought, published for private circula tion. Mr Wilde then left the box, after having been under examination for nearly eighthouxs and Sir Edward Clarke said that thia conclu ded the evidence for the ^rosecafcioa. THE 8CKWH AFTER fctmCff. .After thelar-cheon intern!the dttendiaee increscei *4&1 further. Even the Bench «?> crowdcd toexcew. Spectators nt cheek by "jowi with hie lordship onbot h sides, f« that one wondered almost how (he judic al note could be takes. To hit lordship's right or lookensit within afoot of tiu wibiea as he gave hiRendcum , to his lordship's left a full corps of aldermen, with Sir Edward 1 awson and a number of other prinfa|ed penoiw, wens attentiTe listeners to the proceedings, ji inrfbs nrtiifftsiiinfi words fail to gi ve an adequate notion of its oongested con dition. Every window was open but the public gasped for air. The very lobbies out aide the entrances were filled with eager tighteeers, content psrforoe to gain eo much as a glimseof the chief acton in the drama. ^Naturally, in the re-examiution of (he proseeutorby Sic Edmid Clarke, time were bat few epiaodss of note. A mild aematfiBB was indeed experienced on the renmption a whilfloTMr^de^and all BoriToTiZuni rumours began to flout shout the court from mouth to month as time went on, and the witnes failed to ume. But It was only a blook in the street which had caused histem porary absence, as Oscar languidly ex^Koed to hie lordship when he eventually arrived on the scene, and the wni&tion; died away on the spot. Kor was any further excitement occasioned by Mr Canon's few subsequent questions it further cross-examination after >ir Edward Clarke had done, and just oa three o'clock Mr Wilde** long ordeal was brought to a close, and gathering up with CUM his glove*, his hat, his etiuk, he stepped gracefully from the witness stand and resumed his Beat at the solicitors* tible 