ORCHESTRAL CONCERT AT THE TOWN HALL. The Town Hall was well filled on Saturday afternoon, and in tbo Is. atul 2. soatB thero was hardly a vacant place. Under suoh ciroum- stanoos there ought to be very littlo difficulty about carrying on tlio concerts as in previous winter, at four weekly intervals ; and the Wagnor programme promised for 1st June will assuredly, unless all previous experienoo is to be upset, attract a very largo gathering. Before going on to deal with Saturday's per formance we may ventnro once more to urge the claims of Schumann's symphonies for inclusion. Even amid tho many oalls of othor aymphonio works upon tho conductor's attention, ho might reasonably try to squeeze in ono by Schumann, seeing that threo of tho four havo boon left undisturbed upon tbo shrives since tho days of tho Centennial orchestra and Mr. Cowen. The oonoert now under review opened with an excellent performance of Beethoven's eighth symphony. Tho instrumentalists had fully caught tho spirit of gay mirthfulness whioh characterises this delightful sym phony from beginning to end ; and as a natural result tho audience too booamc infocted, and entered into the spirit of tho thing with obvious enjoyment. The emphatically favor- ablo verdict which such a porformauce calls forth is only tempered by the fact that tho charradng allegretto soborz&ndo; was takon too fast, a procedure which undoubtedly robbed it of somo of its gracefulness. In all other respects tha symphony was dono tbo fullest justice to, a special line bsing duo to Mr. E. Lyons for his skilful playing of tho trying clarionet solo In tho third movement. Concerning tha Ortnond Professor's overture, Giordano Bruno, with which the proceedings re opened after the customary interval, it will be well iio pursue our customary plan iu tbe case of & onoe beard work, and confine ourselves mainly to generalities Tbe overture sets off with a musical subject of strongly marked in dividuality, and conoludcs effectively with n bold and striking theme, intended to express 44 elated belief and rosignod courage," the former attributo being perhaps more dearly brought out than the latter. The middle Motion strikes oue on a first hearing as being rather over elaborated, and consequently not fully sus taining the interest of the listener ; It "smells of the lamp," and suggests learning rather than inspiration. This, howevor, is not to bo taken as a cut and dried opinion subjeot to no modifi cation, sinoe in works of this kind increased familiarity often makes cloar many points which at first were obacuro. The writing is mu&ioianly; throughout und the swing undeniably clever and effective ; in the latter point the influence of Wagner is perceptible enough, or, to ubb a phrase which tho professor for somo reason regards ns preferable, 44 tho brass is nsed in tho modern manner." The conolueaon of the overture was tbo signal for a general expression of warm approval, in response to which tho oomposer-couuuctor had repeatedly to bow his acknowledgments. Owing to the sadden illness of Mr. F. Clutiam, the production of an excerjft from a symphony by that gentleman was postponed; and the only other purely orohestr&l; work given was Mendels sohn's overture to a Midsummer Night's Dream, which formed a fittiug wind np to a very enjoy able aftsrnhon's entertainment. Madame Elise Wiedemann's finished style and artistio feeling wero in agreeable evidence in the aria Und ob die Wolke, from Dcr Frei- sehlitz (Weber), wherein, too, a passing word of high praise is called for by Hcrr Hattenbach's sympathetic delivery of tho inoidontal solo for cello. Tlio high priest's solo from Mozart's Magic Flute was sung by Mr. D. J. Dunlop, whose powerful resonent bass did not quite com pensate for a rather tame and lifeless dolivery of the music. The solo waa preceded by tho March of I'rieets. In view of tho importance attached by tho musical faculty at the University to a know ledge of German, it is somewhat surprising that tho words of the songs in that language on the programme should have boen so full of mis prints. At the samo time one may gladly record that a remark in which bad taste aud bad spelling were equally prominent should have been omitted: from tho programmes distributed in tbe ball after boing printed and circulated in thoBe obtained from the booking office. It would appear as though Mr. Marshall Hall has a good angel who strives to ourb bim when ho kicks over tho traces, aud iB willing even to expurgate his programmes for him. Hie friends will regret that tho proofs were not submitted for revision to tlie aforosaid engol before being made publio, sinco petty ebullitions of childishness such as that ruferred to, while not reflecting on his ability as a xnusioian, can lmrdly enhantib tho dignity oithrr of lumsolfor his offioo Largo houses have witnessed the production of the stirring drama, Tho Span of Life, at tlio Theatre Royal during tlio week, all parts of tli# building being wnll filled again on Saturday night. Great pains have boon taken to pronent the many startling foatuies in tho most affective manner, and both performers and socuio artiata ' may bo congratulated on the result. The moro sombre hues are oonatuntlj boing roliovcd by toiichos of tho light comedy vein, and for thoso thoatro goers who aro not over punctilious on the Hubjeot of tlio dramatic unitioH tho wholo presents a picture of powerful interest and inci. dent. Mr. Bland Holt oxoris himsolf in his delineation of Shrove Tuesday, And ho is weii supported by Mrs. Holt nnd the other member of the company. The same pieoo will bo ro. poated till further notice. Mr. Harry Riolcurdn's New Tivoli Minstrois pursuo their morry nnd Huooessful career at tho Opera House, and they have no cause to com- plain of lack of potronago on tlie pnrt of tha public, n« each sucoosrivo entertainment is wit- ncuscd by an ever inoronsing amlionce. The first part comprise a number of clever uogro mis. strol skits and a capital selection of vocal muilo and this is followed by part sufficiently varUt to suit all tastes. Mr. J. W. Winton's ventrilo- quial exhibition ia exceedingly well dene anil on Saturday night it was boisterously oiicorcl Boveral timo?. The perfortnnuco concluded with an amusing slcetoii entitled Musical Luna, ties, by tlio brother? Fred nnd Will Leslie. Tho brightjlittlo burlesque, Don Juan, Jun, it tbo Cambridge Theatre proved as succeiBful' u evor on Saturday night, and Mis Eva Olsment'i presentation of the hero elicited henrt? npplauso. Several now artists made their fim appenrAnco at this liouso, and the programme was further varied by tlio inelusion of tiunicrom new local biU and fanoy skotohos. It is intimated that on Saturday night next a performance entitled Tlio General and Jaunty Jane wifiL prosciitnd for tlie first time in Melbourne. Tho Gaiety Minstrel and Variety Tronn made their nppcaranco at the People's Conceit at tho Temperance Hall on Saturday night, and ndivertinfipiogramnieof songs, danoes, oharaoter impersonation nnd fArcical acencH was placed before a large nnd nppreoiativo audience. Ths reduction of the maximum price of admission to the Oxford Thoatro to U, '0n Saturday night hod the effect of largely increasing the patrons of Messrs. Cogill iffoi Tho miscellaneous cntortainment was onbanoed by many novel .items tof iufcerest, including capital akptcii by Mr,' Jolui Gonrlay entitled The Corsica n Brothors.' Mi»s Isabel Webster' effective rendering of the melody; Over Hill nnd Dale, waa enthuBiaatically received, and the efforts of tho othor porfonnors met with unqualified approbation. Tho gathering which met in tlie Athcnaum hall on Saturday evening to hoar tlio Rev, lift Ilawois f leoture on Modern Ghost Spiritualism was both large and ropresontatiu. Numbers of ladios and gentlemen who luu mnde a special study of occult manifestation wero to bo seen nmongst tho audience. Mr, Ilawois delivered an nddrtss whioh indicated that he had grasped the oubjoct in all its aspect. It was clever in construction, argumtnUtiva diverting, interesting and full of information! Ono regret must have been felt by the audience, viz., that tho locturer had not tho vocal powir to delivor his sentences with the emphasis he denired nor tho physical ability to occupy the platform throughout the long duration of hi lecture without signs of fatiguo. Mr. Haweit, summarising his deductions from psychical phenomena, so called, said 44 fraud," 4 halla oination," "credulity" and "misunderstand- ing" woro oapital beasts of burden, with very broad backs on which to place the solution of alleged spiritualistic manifestations ; bat when all had been put on to thom with which thoy could bo loaded, thoro wab an unexplained residua which oould not bo put upon either. A fifth boast of- burden was wanted to carry tbi remainder, and ho would bo much surprised if tho name of that boast wero not 44 truth." He was not, after all liiB resBarches on tho subject, a spiritualist, hut ho had "read up" Bpiiitunlhm with an open unprejudiced mind, preferring to classify things, not as of the 44 natural and tbe supernatural " orders, but as of tin 44 known and tho unknown," The leoture toward its close was illustrated by a number if magic lantern roproducticAis of spiritualut photographs. Theso wero no very orudo isd unsatisfactory that, far from supporting ur suggestions made by Mr. Hawois of the pon!- hility of communion with ghostly visitants, ti<; did much in tho contrary diroction to thoextol of almost spoiling the effect of his address, Tlio Rov. II. R. Haweis, who return to London shortly, announces that, in compfiice with requests, ho will givo extra leotum oa Thursday and Friday next. On Tlumhj Music and Morals will bo repeated, and on In- day Mr. Haweis will mako his last appearance in Melbourne. To-night's lecturo will be Marriage, is it a Failure ? The interest attaching to tho Haunted Swing and Edison's Kinotoscopo in premisoa oppoaiti the Market in Bourke-street, has been aug mented by the addition of tho paintiug oi Nana, which has attainod considerable rucchi on the Continent. At tlie Richmond town hall to-night, Mr. Dn Barry's Dramatio Company will appear in the sonsational drama, Ransom. The managsr pro poses giving a seriss of weekly suburbic dramatic entertainments at oheap prices. The entertainment organised for the benefit of the families burned out by the lato dlur trous fire at Cambridge-street, Port Melbourne; will tako place at the Victoria Hall, 'JourW- street, during tho first week of June. The only charge for admission will ba sixpence. Tickets already sold will admit to specially re served scats. A ladies' concert is to bo given by the Caledonian Soriety of Melbourne next Wed nesday ovening in the M&ionio; Hall, Collins-street. The following artists will asBint Miss Maggie Stirling, Miss Kill; Gordon, Mr. Hugh Peterson, Mrs. Doublm!?, Miss Eloise Juno, Messrs. M. A. Eraser, D. L Robio, F. L. Davidson, T. Baillie, Will Elder; Masters Hay and Russell Tho Curlew Oi elm- tra will also render two items. Dr. O'Hau before he determined not to appear at any puUi entertainment in future, promised to assist it this ooncert, Ho will therefore sing Scot Win 'Hae. A conoert in aid of tlie Victorian Amateui Athletic Association was held at the Athcnrous on Thnrsday ovening in tha presence of hi Ei oollenoy tho Acting Governor and a moderali audience. The list of artists engaged was a vi ij langthy one, comprising the names of Mi Isabel Webster, Miss Lily Maddooks, Mufl Violet Elliott and others lees known to fiat.1! while Miss Ethel Mercer, on tbo violin, iu Mrs. C. J. Lane, on the piano, supplied insto if mental variety. Mr. Gladstouo Simon » £ also down for a couplo of Amerioan recitife £j taken from tbe Gilhooley ballads, andflf E wero well r«ceivod. E 