3 fTRAI Auth:r of:The Taa-Enanaqs . Boin aa of -ulu: S Tnd' ~.leeed nowrand~ui " "Thrngh,,hb r;ý :.' o uniutr:i Its'&ttLaesdi; j a, .Ii Peoplen " to. CHAPTER XXXVI. -SEQEO 's LAS LIE. But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a little. Now, however, it in no wise disconcerted him; rather, it struck him in the light of a joke. He had got his cue, and meant to act up to it. So when his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private interview, he replied with the jolliest laugh. in the world. "Certainly, certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Miss Effe "-as that .young person ran against them in the hall "here 1 am, back again to tease you, you "Where's Uncle Renshaw, Mr Sellon P" said the child. Maurice stared. The straight question the straight look accompanying it, discon certed him for a moment. "Renshaw ! Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, "coming on. Be here soon, I He had made the same sort of reply to the -ame inquiry on the part of his host. He thought he had done with the subject. It irritated him to be called upon to repeat the game lie over and over again. " By the way. air Sellon," began the latter. "did you get the letter I sent you at Maraisdorpl" S"M ister Sellon !" Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought, with an inward langb. "Not I," he answered. "Probably forthe best of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraisdorp, or anywhere near it." "Before going any further I want you to look at this," said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. " Wait-excuse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." eto still held the envelope. Maurice took one glance at the address-the handwriting and as he did so his face was not pleasant to behold. "All right. I know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha ! So she has been favoring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me nn particular. You ought to feel honored." a I? Favoring me?" echoed the other, in a state of amazement. "Yes-you. I suppose the communioa tion is an interesting one." " My dear Sellon, look at the address again," said Christopher, handing him the, 9velope. . r "By Jove I It's for me after all," looking at it again. " What a treat! Why the devil can't the woman write legibly," he muttered. Then aloud: " Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood." " Ha-1 am very glad indeed to hear you sar that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." "The devil you did I" "Yes. I can only tell you how sorry I am, and how I have spent life cursing my blun dering asinine stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you.that 1 didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no be ginning. I turned to the signature for en lightenment, but between the first page and the signature I did not read a word," Sellon burst into a roar of laughter-sp. parently over the mistake, in reality as he realised how quickly he would be in a posi tion to turn the enemy's flank. "My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells-eh? But yon don't suppose I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming epistle? Not much. Just oblige me with a match." "Wait, wait," cried the other. "Better read it this time-or, at any rate, as much of it as it was my misfortune to see." "H'm I Well, here goes," said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the envelope, as though it would burn his fingers. "Quite so," he went on, with a bitter sneer, run ning his eye down the sheet. "That's about enough of this highly entertaining document. The rest can be taken as read, like a pet-l tion to the House of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood," he went on, watching the flaming sheet curling up in the grate, "I need hardly remind you how many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you. either; that a cons?derable per centage of these are entrapped and defrauded into the concern by lies and deception ?against which it is next to impossible for any man to guard-at all events, any young man. When to this I add that there are women in this world who, for sheer, gratuitous, uniform fiendishness of disposi tion could give the devil points and beat him at an easy canter. I think I've said enough for all present purposes." " This is an awkward and most unplea sant business," said Selwood. "Excuse me if I feel bound to refer once more to that letter. The-er-writer makes reference by name to Miss Avery, who Is a guest in my house, and a relation of my wife's-and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can." " My dear fellow, that's a little way of hers. I can assure you I am most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about thebusiness. As tothe mistake, don't give it another thought." " How did Mrs-er-the writer-know Miss A tory was hero P" This was a faser-not so much the qucs. tion, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sunningdale for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this ide of it. " That's beyond me," he answered. "How did she know I was here? ForI need hardly tell you we don't correspond every mail exactly. I can only explain it on the score tnat more people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from the olh country, or have relations there, and the postage upon gosseaip is no higher than that -upon businoss." " You will not mind my saying that it is Spity we did not know yon were a married " ' Had been,' you should have said, not "'were.' Not but what legally I am still tied np fast enough--chained andt bound-which has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptation to makelt a fool of himselfa second time in his life. Still, it doesn't oount otherwise." a "NIo, I suppose not,"·sid tihe other, significantly. "Perhaps it dosen't keep a man from making a fool of-other people, though." "Now, my dear Selwood, what the very dence are you driving at? For heiavini's make, letus be straighlt and open with each other." " Well, I mean this. It's a most un pleasant thing to have to say to any man. 12fROM But, you see; Miss Avory, is our guest, and a relation as well. You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very-, er-marked." One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring, and which Maurice knew so well when to bring in, greeted this speech. "Look here, Selwood," he said, "I don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is, you don't understand women in the least. You are quite on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me, or my ' attentions.' You must re member that we both knew-or-the same people in England. There, you must fill in the outline. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you again to-morrow." To Christopher Selwood's honorable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuine ness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about it which, with a men of his character, was bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he not made an inordinate fuse over the concern at the start ? Had he not raised la veritable storm in the teapot, and set everybody by the ears for weeks? Had he not in his anxiety to unburden himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less re liable decision of his wife ? In short, had he not made a consummate ass of himself all round ? Of course he had. "By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are to gather," said Maurice, after a pause. " You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with me, but I couldn't say so without entering into further explanations, which would certainly have alarmed the ladies. We found our ' Valley of the Eye' all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Phliughi! I wouldn't Co on that jaunt again for twice the loot. The ' Eye' is a genuine concern, I can tell yon a splendid stone. Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones, and just as we were clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or whatever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and then we had to separate-to throw them off the scent, don't you see? We agreed to meet at his place-that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose in the daytime, and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river, and get through to Fanning's place, and when I got there he hadn't turned up. But I found a letter which had been sent by special messenger, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law business, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of the swag when it came to dividing, for we hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except a few small stones he has it all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. I dare say he's turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And be seems to know that awful country like AB C. I never saw such a fellow." "That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news," said the other, shaking his head. " Renshaw has been all his life at that sort of thing, so we must hope he'll turn up all right. But the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know." " Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent,'as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feet certain we shall hear from him almost directly." We may be sure that in narrating his ad. ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi. ences of the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that lie really had under. gone a very hardtime before he had sno ceeded in striking the river at the dritt where they had crossed; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. " A regular cross.examination, confoundit !" he thought. And then, by way of a diver. sion, he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition. These were ex amined with due interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly- imported Briton-and to that extent a greenhorn? It he could find his way out and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such as Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the latter's account they felt butsmall anxiety. Not so Mlarian, however;` A terrible susplolon had taken shape within her mind during Sellon's narrative. "He has murdered him," she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony-such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But ete kept her auspicious to herself-for tho present at any rate. She was helpless. What could she do? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture as he had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the circumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indiffereut demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind; confirming as it did the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet. CHAPTER XXXV11.--Fno3r vcE DARK Rven's BmNK. It was a weird picture. The grey rooks jutting fo-th into the evening stillness; the spotted, creeping beast, gathering itself to gether for its deadly spring; the man, weakened, helpless, lyine there at its meroy. Even then, so strange are the fantasies that aross the human brain at the most critical moments-even then, with a kind of grim humor it flashed upon lonshaw Fanning how thoroughly the?positlons were reversed. Many a time had tile spottedl pard fallen a victim to his sure aim; now it had devolved upon one of the feline race to give him his death stroke. With bared fangs and snarling throat, the brute once more gathered itself to spring. But instead of hurlinug itself upon the prey before it, it~uttered, a :yell of pain, and whlskinghalf rounl seemed to be snapping at itasown side. Its tail lashed convolnively, and a frightful roar escaped from its furry chesr. Tihere was a faint twanging sound beneath, and again something struck it, this time fair in the eye. Snarling hideously, the great beast reared itself up against the oliff, beating the air wildly with its formid ablepaws. Then its mighty bulk swayed, toppled over and fell crarhing to the ground beneath. Thoroughly roused now, Renshaw peered cautiously over the ledge. But what he saw opened his eyes to the fact that this oppor tune, thisunlooked-for deliverance, was more apparent than real. In escaping from one peril he had only fallen into another. Tihe hugoe cat was rolling and writhing in the throes of death. Its slayer, an under sized, shrivelled barbarian, was approaching it cautiously-a naked Koranna, armed with bows andarrows and spear. But cautiously as Renshaw had peeped forth, the keen glance of the savage had seen him. Their eyes had met. He lay still, thinkinr over this last, this desperate chance. He was unarmed practically that is-for although he had a knife it was not likely the enemy would come to such close quarters as to admit of its use. The latter with his bow and arrows would have him at the most perfect disadvantage. He could climb up to the ledge and finish him off at his leisure. For, some minutes Renshaw lay still as death. Not a sound broke the silence, not a voice, nots footfall Perhaps, after all, he had been mistaken, and the Koranna had not seen him. Or, more likely, the savage had started off to call nu his companions, who probably were not far distant. Was it worth while utilising his chances so far as to make one more effort to save his life, to strive to gain some other place of concealment before the whole horde came up ? But just then a sound reached his ear-a faint, stealthy rasping. The Koranna was already climbing up to the ledge. The mysterous shuffling continued. A stone, loosened by the climber, fell olattering down the rooks. Then thore was silence once more-and A wrinkled, parchment-hued countenance roared itself up, peering round the elbow of the cliff. The yellow eyes stared a wild beast-like ,leam, the black wool and protrud ing ears looking fiend-like in the falling darkness. His hour had come. Moment arily he expected to receive the fatal shaft. .But it came not. After the head followed the squat, ungainly body, standing upright on the ledge, the sinewy, ape-like hand, grasping Its primitive, but fatal, armament the bow and arrows and the spear. But the bow was not bdnt, no arrow was fitted to the string. " Allamaghtag I Myn lieve Baas !" (Almighty! My dear master?) Renshaw sat upright and stared at the speaker, and well he might. Was he dream ing! The old familiar Dutch colloquial ism-the voice ! The squalid, forbidding.lookingsavage ad vanced, his puckered face transformed with concern. Renshaw stared, and stared again. And then he recognised the familiar, if unprepossessing, lineaments of his default ing retainer-old Dirk. The old Koranna rushed forward and knelt down at his master's side, pouring forth a voluble torrent of questions in the Boer dialect. How had he come there P Who bad dared to attack him ? Those echelm Bosjesmenchen! (Rascally Bushmen). He would declare war against the whole race of them. He would shoot them all. And so on, and so on. But, amid all his chatter, the faithful old fellow, having dis covered where the wound was, had promptly ripped off Renshaw's boot. Yes, there it was-the poisoned puncture of the Bushman arrow- livid and swollen. For a moment Dirk contemplated it. Then he bent down and examined it more atten tively, probing it gingerly with his finger. The result seemed to satisfy him. "Nay, what, Baasje" - (Lit: "little master,"- a term of endearment)-"you will not die this time. The thick leather of the boot has taken off nearly all the poison, and the running you have had since has done the rest. Still, it was a near thing-a near thing. 'Maghtaag - if the arrow had pierced you anywhere but through the boot, you would have been a dead man long since. Not this time-not this time." "And the tiger, Dirk?" said Renshaw, with a ,faint smile. "You are indeed a mighty hunter." For he remembered how often he had chaffed the old Koranna on his much vaunted prowess as a hunter, little thinking in what stead it should eventually stand himself. "The tiger? Ja, Bass. I will just go down and take off his skin before it gets pitch dark. Lie you here and aleep. You are quite safe now, Baas, quite safe. You will not die this time-'Maghtaag, no I" So poor Renshaw sank back in a profound slumber, for he was thoroughly exhausted. And all through the hours of darkness, while the wild denizens of the waste bayed and howled among the grim and lonely mountains, the little weazened old yellow men crouched there watching beside him on that rocky ledge, faithfully, so lovingly. His comrade- the white man-his friend and equal -had deserted him-had left him alone in that desert waste to die, and this runaway servant of his-the degraded and heathen savage clung to him in his extremity, watched by his side ready to defend him if necessary at the cost of his own life. (TO BE CONTIUsED.) 