By JULIA HACK, Author of "The Boggart o' th5 Mill," 4cMight * " ' " versus i [Published by special arrangenicht with the. .author. • ^ All rights reserved.] " Chapter XIV. ' He said likewise. Thatalie which ishahatruth is e're the blackest, of * lies; ' ■ ' ' - ,-t That a lie which is all a lie'may be met and fought ' with outright, : • ' : But a lie which is part of a truth is a harder matter ; toflprht. - —IBNNYSOK. . Now then, Monica," whispered Nurse Roe, as they sat at tea, "look at your saintly friend. A different person since she went out. What! does it mean ?" 1 " She looks ill," replied Sister Monicaquietly, " I wish you would not throw out suoh unkind - hints, Clara; she was so unselfish, this after noon." . ' . ' " There is a mystery about that girl, re turned Clara in an impressive whisper. "Mark my words, things are coming to. a crisis. Look how her hand'shakes." "Oh, dear!" sighed gentle Sister Monica, " I fear Tommy was too much for her." Nurse Roe gave her friend a half-laughing, half-contemptuous glance. " I fear your walk . has not refreshed you, Nurse Ruth," she said aloud. "You look as if you had seen a ghost." . Everybody looked at .Ruth and she colored • painfully. "I did not go far," she.replied nervously. . "You certainly do not look well, my dear, spoke the matron kindly, but reprovingly. "This comes of setting aside rules of health.1 "That was entirely'my fault," interposed Sister Monica, looking distressed. < "We-will say no more about it. I quite ; understand," said the matron pleasantly. . "Nurse Ruth can rest for an hourthis evening if she chooses." But Ruth did not choose. It was a relief to her to be busy, and, whether washing up tea cups or telling stories, to Tommy, she felt happier and safer than when alone with her thoughts. • ; SirErederick Bailey had found,her out. In spite of all her care he had traced her. He had even dared to renew his odious offer and had insolently assured her that she could nob and should not escape him. What was to be done ? Ruth did not guess that the meeting had been as much a surprise to Sir Erede-iek as to herself, She believed . that he had tracked her. step by step with the perseverance.' and cunning of a bloodhound, and a miserable hunted feeling took possession of her. . ' ' She bad almost made up her mind to confide her story to the kind matron and seek her advice, when she became aware of a subtle change in that lady's manner towards her. She was kind as usual; but there was a slight coldness and additional dignity about her which effec tually checked Ruth's desire to be confidential. It was but a few days after Ruth's meeting with Sir Erederick that the matron held a con sultation with Mr. Brown in her private room. . "You are-mistaken," she said. "I hope : and trust you are mistaken. The girl looks superior to this sorb of thing. I cannot believe it. The surgeon shrugged his shoulders and . laughed a little. " No accounting for these things, as you know, my dear lady. I hope it is not.true, for I like the girl and think she will turn out an excellent nurse; but I thought it best to teE you what I heard, especially as we took her . under rather peculiar circumstances." ■ True,-' replied the matron thoughtfuhy ; "one may say that she came to us without any credentials; we know nothing beyond what Dr. Thorne and Nurse Moon could teU us and that was little. TheyA .only knew her during the short time she was 'with them. I remem ber I was uneasy at the time, but Dr. Thorne was so urgent I did not like to refuse.", "Ah! that is just like Thorne. Kind good as gold ; but - not cautious. As regards • Mi'sa Ainslie s capabilities he was right, bub her character-—' "And character is all-important. In such an establishment as ours, Mr. _ Brown, it 1 would be impossible to keep a girl of whose behavior one was not absolutely sure." , "Quite so," returned Mr. Brown. "I must say I was deeply annoyed , to hear one of our nurses spoken of in such a manner—in a public room, too." ' _ "Most annoying," said the matron, her color deepening. "What did he say?' "I can hardly teE you. He was speaking not to me but to an'officer. What was said was less' than what was implied. Both tone and manner were enough to damage any woman's reputation." " What sort of a man is he?' "Oh, a jolly, good-natured, cross-country' young squire. Not much brains, I should say, - and decidedly coarse." • "Strange," said the matron reflectively, "and Ruth AinsHe such a refined, lady-Eke girl. It seems very unlikely." " I'll tell you what," suggested Mr. Brown. "Ask herjpoint-blankif she knows SirErederick BaEey. You wid soon see if it is a trumped- . up tale." ■ ' . "That wEl be best; I wEl send for her now." , Ruth made her appearance accordingly, little aware of the ordeal awaiting her. r ' "I have sent for you, Nurse Ruth, to ask a question," said the matron gravely. "There is a gentleman staying in Brighton who pro fesses to be a—a friend of yours, TeE me, do you know Sir Erederick BaEey-2" Ruth's-face rivalled her apron in whiteness and her large blue eyes, dilated with fear, looked like those of a hunted creature. She gazed first at the matron, then at the kind, grave face of the surgeon and read condemna tion upon each countenance. Alas, ■ poor Ruth! her own terrified face had sealed her Gathering courage, she replied, in a low voice_" Yes, I know Sir Erederick BaEey. He is a bad man—no friend of mine.". "That wEl do; you may go," said the matron quietly. "Wait one moment, "interposed Mr. Brown. ■ " Is it true, Miss Ainslie, that you ran away from home and that thiB man was the cause of your so doing?' " - . • " It is true," said Ruth eagerly; but I can explain—I will teE " No," spoke the matron rising; '' you have said enough. You confess to the fact and excuses I cannot undertake to hear." As the door closed behind the supposed culprit her tv/o judges looked at each other. "She must leave, of course," said' the matron. "I am afraid so," assented Mr. Brown sadly. The girl might be gudty, bub her look of helpless distress had gone to, his heart. "I am sorry for her," he added regretfuEy. The matron drew in her lips and brushed an imaginary atom of dust from her apron: She was a good woman and tender-hearted, but there are sins a virtuous woman finds it hard to forgive. • Mr. Brown looked at her anxiously, I do not see that you need send, her away _ at once. / Think what a position of temptation and ' danger to a friendless girl." "I do not think I ought to consider that so much as the general good of the community," repHed the matron severely. "I am placed here in a responsible position, remember.' "Give her a day or two to write to her friends, if she has any," pleaded the kind surgeon. "Well, I may do that," responded the matron. "Indeed, at the present - moment I ■ do not know how to spare-her. Tommy's is an anxious case, and whatever her character may be |Nurse Ruth has wonderful tact with children." V; "Yes, yes; pray keep her until the opera tion is over—and weB.over. To-morrow, at 10 o'clock, is it not? The doctor wiE be here, of course:" ■ "He has promised to come," said the matron "Yes, I must certainly keep her for a few - days for Tommy's sake." . '' By-the-bye," was Mr. Brown's last word as he took up his hat, "if I were you I would not mention this affair in the house.'-' j "Notaword,"saidthematronemphaticaEy• "not a word." It was odd, however, that although the matron kept her promise every one in the house knew that sqmething was wrong. The nurses whispered and shook their heads; Sister : Monica: looked unhappy and Nurse Ray had '' I told you so" written broadly . upon her unlovely countenance. Ruth was too 'miserable to heed. She saw that the nurses shrank from her, that even - gentle Sister Monica avoided speaking to ,her. but she attempted no defence. She accepted it all as part of her doom. " Only in the chEdren's ward was she at rest— at rest in mind, though fatigued in body, for > Tommy gave no one muck ease in .those days. Ruth was not present at the operation, forBhe had not enough experience to be of use. After wards Tommy claimed her for his own and by tacit consent she was allowed to spend much of ; her' time with him. The next , day she was holding him in her strong young arms when the doctors entered the ward with the matron. , Ruth would have retired, but Tommy held her fast. .. "No, no," he moaned, "don't leave me, Nurse Ruthie, don't leave me." They come at once to his crib—Mr. Brown, . the matron,' and a white-headed old doctor : whom Ruth had not'seen before.' Nobody spoke-to Ruth. - Only the old man gave .ber;-aj gravq," searching; loolq-.which .she met wittfeyes full of unoonecious appeal. Foe the next few minutes Tommy occupied their attention fuby. Then they moved away.' ' "Going on excellently, eh, Dr. Oswald.?' said Mr. Brown cheerfully. . Dr.- Oswald,! Ruth heard no more. - Her head reeled. ~ Suddenly the room became dark and she sank by the side of the crib, uncon- • s'cious. She was lying upon her bed when she came ■ to herself and.the. matron and Sister-Monica : .were pending over her. " "I blame myself," the matron was saying; ;",I have allowed'her to do too ranch." , " She had been ill before she came to . us," •replied Sister Moniwi. "Yes, I fear she has done too much!" .'Ruth opened her eyes. ■ "No," she said faintly, "the'dear children do me nothing but good." _ " I am glad. you are better," said the kind sister.- "You must lie still and sleep if you can." "Yes, you had better rest," • answered the matron coldly and she turned to leave the room. As soon as she'was alone Ruth slipped from the bed and with some difficulty—for she was still weak and trembling—she walked to the fable. •: ■ Hurriedly, opening her writing case she seized a sheet of paper and wrote— Dear Sir—Pardon my boldness in writing'to you. If you are the Dr. Oswald my mother knew I feel sure you will help me. Sly mother is dead and I am alone and in great trouble. Sly mother's maiden name was Bruce and my father is Colonel Ainslie.—I am, sir, yours obediently, r Rtrrn Aixslte. The letter written, doubt assailed her.- Had she been mistaken in the name? Again, there might, be two physicians of this name and this might not Do the man her mother had known and trusted. If he proved to be a stranger, would not her appeal to him be con sidered an. act, of impertinence and her case made more hopeless than ever ? She was still hesitating when Sister Monica returned with a basin of soup in her hand. ." What! you'are up ! That'was wrong of you'. However, you shall take your soup now before you lie down again." Ruth'suddenly made up her mind. " Dear. Sister, may I treat you as a friend ? You have always been good to me.; will you do me a great kindness ?" A delicate color rose, to Sister Monica's thin cheek. - "Was she going to hear the mystery ex plained!? • ' "I will do anything for you, dear—anything right? What is it?" "I want this note taken to Dr. Oswald," said Ruth. "Can- you take it for me quietly and without anyone_knowing about it ?" . Sister Monica hesitated. ." Can you tell me why ?" she asked timidly. " I don't like—Fm not sure " . '"You know I am in trouble, sister," en treated Ruth; " I cannot tell. you all the reasons; but' I can say why I want to see Dr. Oswald. My mother had a friend of this name —a doctor, a kind good man. She often talked of.him, and if this should prove the same Dr. Oswald I know he will help me." j It was not often that gentle Monica acted upon her own responsibility. But this case appealed strongly to her sympathy. "T will take it for you," she said kindly. "I ain going out in half an hour. How take your soup like a good girl and lie down." Ruth obeyed. With a strange feeling that the matter had passed out of her hands she lay down and at once fell into a deep restful sleep. (To be continued.) ■ 