A CAPTURE BY THE POLICE. By Lukk Sharp, in Detroit Free Press, Billy Sims was enjoying that period of rest and peace which comes to a man when his wife and family go to the seaside and leavo him iu possession of the house. Then a person can stay ont as late aa he likes ; he may smoke in any room in the bouse ; he may even go to bed with his boots on if it so pleases him. Billy had expected jo stay at the Bea for a couple of weeks, but a telegram had recalled him to town after being a day or two away, aod he came joyfully back, for the sea bored him and there was nothing lively going on at the re sort his family had cbosed. Before he left town Billy had told the police of his Buburb tbat the honse would be closed for a fortnight and he asked them to keep an eye on the premises. Billy's faith in tee force was somewhat shaken when he unexpectedly returned, fonnd be had left hia latchkey at Marine-villa, and was thus compelled to climb in at a window a little after midnight, yet no notice was taken of bim. He got out in the same way next morning and tele graphed for his keys. He roamed all over the house with a lighted candle at variona periods of the night, but the guardians of the peace never disturbed bim, and Billy msde np hiB mind that the next time he went away he would take ont a burglars insurance and not trouble the guardians who guarded ao carelessly. , On Saturday afternoon Billy, having a day off, took a day on, ae it were, and went for a long spin through the country on his bicycle. He had dinner at a wayside inn and got home late and tired. Putting his maohine in its shed entered the honse, poured out for him self s glass of coaling etimalants, and rested hie weary body in his most com fortable armchair, sipping hiB gratifying mixturein accordance with tbedirections on the bottle. The honse was very qniet and soon Billy dropped off to sleep. He woke up suddenly and found everything still very quiet and very dark as well, yet he had the feeling within him that he had been awakened by a noise. He listened intently, sitting still in the comfortable chair, and pre sently the chandelier above his head gave -a slight rattle as it was in the habit of doing when some one was walk ing in the room overhead. Billy did not believe in ghosts, for he was a news paper man and conld hardly be said to believein anything. Again the chandelier jingled, yet there was no noise of a foot step overhead and it dawned npon Billy's scarcely awakened faculties that who ever waB above him was going aronnd in his stocking feet trying to be >8 silent as possible. Billy regretted that he did not own anch a thing aa a re volver, for he felt convinced that at last bnrglara were in the honae. He vagnely saw himself writing an account of the incident headed, ' Desperate Encounter With a Bnrglar — Heroic Conduct of a Suburban Householder.' Fired by the tbongbt, and in spite of tbe distinct creeping of hia scalp which we exaggerate into terming the sensation of the hair standing on end, Billy grasped the poker that lay in on the feeder by hia chair, and cautiously crept ont iDto the hall, making his way like a cat np the stair, feverently hoping tbat no step wonld creak. At the landing above Billy peered into the bedroom from which the light issned and was appalled to eeo not one burglar but three. This exceeded Billy's most ardent expectations. He had been pre pared for a desperate enconnter with one, especially if he could have crept in on him and landed bim one on the nob with the poker before the burglar was aware that there was anybody else in the house, bnt a fight with three waa too much of a good thing. Oae of tbem would be certain to have a pistol which wonld make things even more interest ing. Glad as he wonld be to have an exclusive item for hie paper, be had no desire to have some one else write it up, and head it 4 Dastardly Murder of a Reporter in Lonely ville.' There are some sacrifices that a man does not care to make, even for his paper. Moderation in all things was Billy's motto. Tbe burglars had evidently come to tbe conclusion that there was no one in in the house,for no guard wbb set. They moved aboat quietly, bnt that merely came from long practice in an arduous profession where there waa mnch night work and little thanks from a callous public. Billy did not pause to think tbat these men had no Saturday night off and tbat they were most industrious while other people were sonnd asleep. We generally think that our own par ticular occupation has the most draw backs, giving little heed to the discom- Tbis jemark oaused Billy to reflect that if ne was" going to do anything in the matter it was time to sec abont it. So he emulated the conduct of the celebrated duke of York, who marched his men np the hill and straightway marched them down again. Billy crept down the stair with the unused poker still in his fist He realized that if he went to the police station, which was some distance away, the bnrglara would he none before hefo came. Hen the brilliant idea occurred to him that he might follow the thieves tilently on his bicycle, mark their lair, come with an' ample police force at hia back and capture the whole outfit, thns earning the eternal gratitude of the entire neighbor hood. Then the item would bo headed Clever Capture of a Band of Burglars — The Silent Cycle Follows Tbem to Their Rendezvous.' Billy quietly got hia machine out from its shed ; noiselessly unlatched the -bate gate, closed it again as silently aa he had opened it, and waited in the shadow of a tree across foe way. In a WBiy few momenta tbe burglars came ou\e&ch; carrying a bag. They peered np and dqwn the deserted street and then slipped out, walking rapidly away together. Billy had no difficulty iu following them. His only trouble was i the Street lamps, which he avoided aa well m. he conld by keeping on the Apposite eide of the road from ihem i| forts of others. One man was holding a bag open and tho other two were creeping abont filling the receptacle with various useful articles prized by connoleears and collectors. 1 1 think we've got as much as we can carry/ whispered the man who was hold ing the bag. He hoped he would meet a policeman ! so that he might give the alarm, and his wish was gratified. The officer stepped unexpectedly nut from beside a tree and be grasped Billy by the arm. 1 What are yon cycling out at this time of the night without your lamp lit r ' My lamp lit, you fool,' gasped Billy, taken by surprise and therefore not having time to choose his language with the care a mao should nse when addressing so important a personage as a policeman. ' How the could I chase burglars with a lit lamp? 'That sll very fine,' said tbe officer ; ' Tve heard that kind of a story before. A man doesn't get up and dress himself in a fall bicycling suit to chase burglar's at 2 in the morning. ' ' Bat I slept in my bicycling snit, yon ass,' protested Billy, feeling, as he said it, that it eonnded rather thin and nnbelieveable in the keen morning air. ' I'll report the language you are nsing to the magistrate,' said the police- man calmly, knowing tbe whole machinery of the law was with him. ' My house has been burglarised,' cried Billy. 'The three thieves passed yon with their swag and I don't suppose yon ever saw them. Precious lot of good you idiots are, not ooly letting the rascale slip, but arresting and stopping a man who is robbed and who is tiying to do the work yoo are paid for doing.' Come and tell all this to the officer on duty at the station. You're bicycling without a lamp at night, and that's all I have to deal with, and I'm going to deal with it' Billy broke ioto language that was both deplorable and nndefensible, but the policeman merely noted it down and took the unfortunate man to the station. Billy speedily convinced the night man at the police station that a mistake had been made, and two of the force were sent to investigate. They reported that the hoose had been burglarized with neatness and dispatch, but the burgling birds had flown. The magistrate told Billy next morn ing that if he had been more moderate in his talk this miscarriage of justice might not have happened. He sboold not nse such language, the magistrate said, and when Billy asked what else he could have used, seeing that he had no club with him, tbe magistrate remarked that he woold fine him for contempt of court if he tried his flippancy on the bench. So the item appeared as ' Burglary at Lonelyville,' and another paragraph stated that Billy Sims, a well-known journalist, bad been fined for riding aboot the streets at 2 in the morning on a bicycle with an nnlit lamp and that Billy was supposed to have been in toxicated at tbe time, whereas the troth was that tbe magistrate let Billy off with the reprimand aforementioned. As the police have not yet succeeded in capturing the thieves, although they are always coming on a new and gratify ing clue, Billy thinks this is a hard world. 