[?] -'r- As; 1 afiHcipateo, xrencfiont proreu tbe l>eai; wf our Caulfield ";Cup MJ7t£- eetitatives, anfi HiitL really good -race I.tiioighi; tbebaodBome little, tiay.was ceriijn to beatbisinocefaorieci stiible coinppiion. /Atlas, ana tuts surmise prorcd correct ; but, in jubilee to itie tilgtifiestmiti It must tie-fetatefi ttiat tie got bumped about niiot, aud pufied up rery iaine. / On ecamtnatiSn ba Satur day night, It was Xouud tilat Atlas bad sustained rather asevere iujury to' one of bis flocks, nna tbe lebestaut lias been nnable to leave lis bor sloee./ . Other Cauifieid-ti- uiued' bo.'ses which ran' well In the Cup were Music and Dutiallow, but nqDe of the n had the ghost of a chance w'tti - the placed m-.es. The ci-iy event that-fell to a lecaily . tralu-.l animal iaot Saturday was the "Windsor: Handicap, .won by Bacchus, who landed a' good stake for Mr. Leek. The bay gelding, executed 41 >CIJ £WU (ouuji at uiub uii Aiiuur day evening. . He was admirably ridden by Master Normmi Lk, who lias made -great improvements in his riding of late, and can now Jhbld his own with the best. . During the past week the vario"us tracks were In >lendid order, ,and the sand track, being well watered, proved particularly good going for the," dicky- legged ' division. Last Thursday an enormous con course of spectators astoinbled' on " the heath," a tor larger crowd than at tended at«S&ndown; Park the same afternoon. Everything was favorable to the making of fast time, the going was good, and the atmosphere clear and calm. As usual. J. Redfearn wasMie first iu wuih, iijs represeuia-aw oeuig Bnrrabari, who carried W. Redfearn over the Caulfield Cup distanced 2min. 45%sec. Marusa beating him over the last mile. After several " commoners " had got through various serviceable tasks, all eyes Vere turaed towards The Possible (Motrlson). Bonnie Scotland (Swan). Elswlek (J. Anwlu), and Vindication (light boy), who jumped off at the rail way side, and galloped once rouud the course proper, about a mile and not quite three furlongs. At the finish The Possible was several lengths in front of Bonnie Scotland, with the .other pair half a dozen lengths away, the mile and a quarter being run by the wiiiner inunu. xosec. The Possible is one of the fittest horses at Caulfield. but is very harshly treated by the handicoppers. as. indeed, are all of Mr. S. H. Gollan's horses. Georgic bowled over half a dozen fur longs like a piece of well-oiled machinery. She Is a beautiful mover. Maluma travelled over six furlongs in lmin. 20sec., and seven in lmin. ftlsec.. but failed to run up to her form in the Windsor Handicap .on Saturday. Vivian and Hindoo spurted -five fur longs in lmin. Tsec.. and Heboid ran half a mile with Lady Heart iu 52sec. Duballow made a few friends by tbe workmanlike style in whicl he got over the Caulfield Cup distance, Tbe chest nut picked De Yercup at tbe mile post and beat' him home, tbe last mile and a quarter being thrown behind Ja 2inin. 2Qsec. The Buccaneer put in a strong circle with the assistance of Defence. «i»nl Our irpnt smiirflF flrpr fl short distance. Toreador ' (Cleal) went freer than usual, and defeated Aureus (Gardiner) over a mile and a quarter on the sand in 2min. 9%sec. Atlas (Parker) and Trenchant (Gar diner) then recorded about tbe best gallop of the week. The last-named jumped off at the eleven furlong post, and. after going a furlong, was joined by Atlas, and the pair got over a mile and a quarter comfortably in 2min. ISsec.. neither being ridden out. Strahan (Poole) beat Music (Steb- bings) by nearly a dozen lengths in a gallop over a mile and a balf. which was carved out by Strnhan in 2mjn. %45£sec. Judging by his pro'mlneilt 'running in the big race, Music must have been " playing 'possum " In tbis spin. Taurus went freely and well over ninp or ten furlongs, and Thunder Queen hopped over half a mile in good style. Alpine did three-quarter pace work with Baltoro and Romance, but this was his Inst apnearance on the tracks, liis "fav'rite leg" going bung, al- tliongh he pulled up apparently sound. St. David. Straiffhtfire. and Ascot Vale ran a mile nicely in lmin. Glsec.: and Boston beat Defender over five furlongs in lmin. Gsee., neither wearing shoes. Jfi (Morrison) had Laplander for a companion over a mile, and then, going on alone, completed the Caulfield Cup distance in 2min. 4<>sec. Both on Friday and Saturday morn ings most of the "cracks" were re stricted to steady pacing, with a spurt over four or five furlongs to wind up with. About the fastest spin was that recorded by Trenchant on Satur day morning, the nattly little bay, skip ping over half a inile on the sand In 51 sec. 7 On Saturday morning Marusa went strongly over nine furlongs on the sand in 2miu. 7sec., and King Orry was 2min. 9sec. traversing the same distance. Emmaleq, was upsides with Stiaightfire at the end of a gallop over 1 a mile in lmin. 52sec.. and the Buc caneer ran the last mile of a mile and a half, with the assistance of Defeuee and De Vere. in ltnlu. .W/jseo. Lead On beat Retrenched over a mile end a quarter. Thunder Queen ran five furlongs smarjly. as did Boston and Defender. Scores of others did various uninteresting tasks, and Selim ran » slToug seven furlongs with Marshal Ney. The following are the'latest foalings at Sir Thomas Elder's Moiphetville stud Fairy Voice (imp.) a bay colt. Cannonade a chestnut colt. Primula a bay filly, Pahiela a bay filly. Silver a bay filly, all by Gang Forward ; Hor- tense a brown colt Theresa (Imp.) 4 bay filly. Perhaps a bay colt. Miss Mostyn (imp.) a bay filly. Meg Merrlliee a bay colt Maritima a bay colt Jose pbene (imp.) a bay colt Tyropean a chestnut filly. Palgle (imp.) a chestnut filly. Lady Lovelace a bay filly, all by Neckersgat ; Fidelity a bay colt Ursula a bay colt Emily Faithful (Imp.) a bay filly," Promise (Imp.) a bay or brown filly, Aletbe .a bay filly. Elizabeth VII- liers a chestnut filly. Cyclone a chest nut colt all by Nautilus : Haidee a bay ; colt and Fidalma a bay colt, both by Aldlvalloch. 