POLITICALLY speaking it appears that Parkes has no intention of giving up the,ghost. At least I observe that he has been down to Kiama, where he once raised a spectre. The Kiama ghost, indeed, has been as elusive as one of Mrs. Besant's Mahatmas. But Parkes managed to make a political living out of his ghost, quite as successfully as did the late Madame Blavatsky ; and more so, that that astute Yankee Mr. Judge-who was lately bowled out in working the Mahatma oracle. Judge's method was very similar to Parkes. Judge professed to produce com- munications from solemn disembodied spirits, the gist of which was " elect Judge " as President of the Theosophical Society. Similarly the sole apparent purpose of Parkes Kiama ghost was to impress upon colonists generally that Parkes was the chap to save the country. Judge exhibited sheer effrontery. Parkes-who was not accom- panied by Lady Purkes this trip-said he was alarmed at a great deal of vice and weakness interleaving itself with the young people of the'country. Then he spoke of the great men of the day, and asked where was to be found a man to replace Gladstone. Surely not Rosebery, he opined 1 Also, where was the man to replace Salisbury? Obvious suggestion : Where ia the man to replace Parkes ? Surely not Reid I What ridiculous trash this replacement idea is, to be sure ? The world wags along just the same. The only irreplaceable individuals are men who take a big undisclosed idea to the grave with them. Julius Cosar is dead, yet the world wags along. Pitt has been now sometime gone, yet England exists. You can't dupli- cate any man, but no man is without a successor. Besides, Salisbury is not a great man, he is only a capable man in a great position. I could name a score of British statesmen who have made greater impres- sions than he in their generation, and not one reader of the Examiner out of a hundred would be able to connect one of the names with any notable exploit of states- manship. The true test of a statesman's magnitude is not what positions he filled, nor what clatter he mode, but what he accomplished. And when it comes to that test, whereabouts is Parkes? Come now, on the spur of the moment, reply. What has Parkes done Í 