WAY OF THE WORLD. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (By the Hen Editor.) Worth, tho "man milliner," being dead, people are beginning to ask, " What is ho worth now?" Worth bnilt a few nice cos tumes for Australian fair ones. Myra Kemblo had a chic little Melbourne Cup gown from him at 300gs which we re member. Lots of other now Worth-less toggery has come out here from the famous Parisian house. Now. poor Worth is, no doubt, designing new gauzy drapery for the.seraphims, and the womon of tho upper world are all disconsolate. # » . Talking of millinery and dresses ro- minds trie of some old fashion-plates that I was lookiug over rocently. They wore the funniest things I have seen. Tho. crinolines especially claimed my attention. Tho crinoline of 35 or 40 years back must have been a flue thing for keeping a girl afloat when she fell into tho water. I can't see what else thoy wore made for. It struck me whilst looking at those prints that fashion is mainly a contraction and expansion of tho fominino lower garment. At one time it swells, at another collapses. This is tho contraction or bloomer period. The crinoline was tho oxpansion time. After tho bloomer age is over there will bo another growth outward, and so on. By the way, Mrs. Bloomer, the American lady from whom that queer concern omanatcd, j lias just died. » : "Dr. Fishbourno, an expert in insanity, giving evidence in a Melbourne libel case, ! stated that Mrs. Lango's enso .was quo of 'persecution mania,' coupled with what ' was called the 'insanity of grandeur.' Witness was cross-examined '. as to a ' woman's hair standing ou end, and said that at Kew Asylurii ho had seen a woman's . hair stand on end. Her . hair was about 14in long, and it stood up for six weeks. ' This was duo to nervous derangoment. Tho Court adjourned." I should smile. It's a pity they don't bring that doctor over hero to diagnoso tlio caseB of some pro- 'minont New South Wales politicians. I 'daresay bo would find that Sir George Dibbs came under tho " insanity of gran deur" heading, and that old Parkea was suffering from tho "persecution mania." ft « ft Tho Japs liavo been shelling our friends the Chows some more at short.' range.,' Chow on the shell is getting to be quite a common dish now. Tho cablo man ought to be getting n surfeit of it. 'Twould seem that those peace negotiations' have in a mariner of speaking, quite como to pieces. Tho Mikado is off to Pokin to see \- theEmpcror and moreChina will be broken. Wish I could get a job as war correspondent. What with a dull session . in Parliament tlie depression, and the protracted death throes of the Daily Ghost (which nevor seems to walk), I am gradually boing driven melancholy mad. Melbourne, they say, has gone to Bleep; tho thormomotor has. s tuck fast at boiling point in Brisbano, . and the parsons have. mesmerised Adelaido. There is nothing left for a man to do but emigrato to Westralia — or go to China and enlist. 000 This is the season of tlio year in which the young housewife dovotos herself to the manufacture of tomato sauco. TI1030 who have "novor made any tomato sauce should cut out tho following rocipo and try the experiment. First catch yoari tomato. When snared wring its nock, and, laying it Oh" its back, proceed to remove the skin with great care. ./Put in a pot, and place upon a slow firo. Add ono quart of cayenne pepper, one gallon of vinegar, ono ' onnco of sugar, "ono hundred- weight of chillies, seven pounds and a half of cloves, jpepper corns, spico, nntmeg, &c.;, mixed. 'Boil for two or throe weeks, and thon 'bottle up. Lot the visitors help them selves, and tho nearest chemist will do the rest. eft Thore aro more alleged Prohibitionists in tho presont Parliament than in any of the provious ones, and yet tho Good Templars say that there iB very little hope of getting immediate reform. This is real sad. We of tho scallywag Press in our hearts, all look forward to tho good time coming when the booze will assume the tenfold sweet ness of forbidden fruitB. .1 liquor sneaked in under secrecy, and with the inward satisfaction which comes of doing some thing daring, will be worth the having. I liavo always held that God wanted Adam and Eve to eat that apple, or he would novor liavo told them not to do so. ft ft Married ministers are at a decided dis count since the Clarke divorce case. At tho Wesley an Conference held during the week it was decided not to send a married man to Wilcannia, as at first, intended. Other signs of tiio "genoral undosirability ' which has been discovered in tho wedded parson were shown. In fact, it looks now ' as if expounders of the trutli will havo to adopt the celibate state or starve. Nowa days a parson's lot is not a happy one. Competition is keen,' tho profession ovor- crowdod, and good livings fow and far be tween. No wonder our clerical friends are all tho time endeavoring to arouse us to religious fovor. No wonder "tho adver tising parson" is a feature of tho ago. « The old ladies of the Legislative Council are going on strike for shorter hours. They objoct to sitting throe nights a week. As a matter of fact, tho world would go on ' jnst tho same if tho Council wero to give up sitting altogether. But tliiB disinclina tion to work long hours shows the Council to be a bit of a hypocrite. It has always opposed any measure tondiug to shorten tlio hours of labor for others, but it has no objection to taking six days out of the Roven as holidays itself. Of course, coun cillors might argue that their services are only honorary, but thoy get paid in honor, and on the whole lose nothing by thoir attention to their bleeding country's biz. They have had a fire at the Jenolan Caves. Contrary to report, the caves have not been burnt out. It was only the keeper and his family and some Government property that suffered. The cave- keeper had to skip about like an original cave man in a state of primitive naked- ness to escape the flames. Old Jerry Wilson is well known in connection with Jenolan Caves. He has been an identity on the Fish River for the last forty years, is as deaf as a post, and has a knack of discovering a new cave just in the tourist season, when it is most wanted. The Wilsons and the Whalans pretty well own that part of the country. It seems a pity that any of their props should be destroyed, or that they should have to scoot round in their shirts. « « Apropos of fires, when it was announced that Warby's had begun to go up last Thursday ovoning ovory Domain suoozer 'seetned somehow to get liold'of the glad tidings in no time, and proceeded to make 'tracks iri the direction of tho blaze. I 'never saw so many thirsty-looking folks banging around a firo before. But I notice . that none' of them cared to get within drinking distance of the hose. . . « Tho -Freetrado rags aro all tlio tiino shrieking it about that old Farkes means to go for Seid with his head down, and i butt him out of office. The wiBh is no doubt father to tho thought. Reid has not been a success as tho leader of a Freetrado ' Government, aud certain vested interests view with anxiety his weakness and fear of ! the Labor Party. Actually, Reid — who is not a great man, . but perhaps a fairly honest politician— over-estimates both the stability and disinterestedness of tho Labor crowd in tho House. That headlesR and tailless combination cares only for one thing — to keep its billot, and consequently i is as woak as it well can bo. Promier Iteid, if he moans to hold out for throe years, . must just simply strike out for himself. Trucklers to any and every sido aro doad sure to fall between tho stools. # o « It is just about time that Bay Viow Lunatic Asylum Royal Commission joke 'was brought to a close by the Govern- 1 roent. Appointing expensive Commissions to sit aud re-sit upon all sorts of alleged abuses has lately become a foaturo of a 1 Government by democracy in Now South \- Wales. Tho Royal Commission is one of those devils that onco evoked is deuced hard to lay. Each of these useless in quiries runs into thousands of pounds, and nobody benefits oxcept a fow Government barrackors, who novor did anything for tlio country oxcopt pocket their fees, and novor will. Thoy will be appointing a Royal Commission to inquire why Jones- beats his wife shortly, or what made Mary Ann spill tho lodger's soup? With paid parliaments, an over-crowded Civil Sorvico,_ broken ' banks', anil ' Royal Commissions, :the continued depression can easily be nceo"u> 1 for. 