[VOW FIE8I, ^PUBLISHED.] THÉ HÀUMlDuiiô01î ÍT-® E FORESTERS' ARMS, By Hei bert EttBsell, Acth vt of " A Gonfliofc in a Ballway Tunnel/' "An Attempt at Blaokmail," &o.; \ .{ALL RIGHTS . BBSBBVED.] ,. V I-¿svá, ridden on my bicycle through the picturesque,. hill encircled old city of Bath- nt seven o'clock on b beautiful summer's evening, «nd by the time $hatl had arrived at the little village of Box, lying «orne five miles beyond, ^upon; the London Road, the flush of the sunsetuwas dying out-of the .northern ekv, and the long shadows of - the coming ' darkness wei», roreeping -.apace -. over tho .country around. ^Therefore I determined Jipen spending the night in the quaint village, familiar to most travellers on the:. Great Western Railway by : reason of the; long tuobcï which passes, beneath jifté ^tílí ^pop which it is built, and bears its name, i hailed a-rnstic looking policeman who was leaning upon his walking stick at the corner of the short, irregular street, and asked whether ho could recommend me to a good comfortable hostelry. ' Why, yes, zur,' he answered in the broad dialect of the West Country; "ee couldn't do better than go to the Foresters' Arms, jost opposite the old church, away down yonder.' I thanked him, and rode on~to the inn. Dismoariiing, I " leaned my bicycle against the white-washed wall of the house, and paused a moment to admire the soft and tender English picture of the little church opposite, standing in dark, sharp outline against the expiring hectic in the heavens beyond, with a star or two already beginning tojtwinkle pale and waa over the staff on top of the turretted spire ; a mellow-toned bell was sounding in trembling vibration through the lattice ot the belfry, and the air was full of the shrill tweeting of. swallows circling round about the dusky tower. Thea I locked np at the hostelry. It was a typical, old fashioned, rural ina ; long, low, and straggling; with a great sign- board projecting over the entrance, bearing the design of what was evidently intended to be Bobin Hood in his archer's costume of Lincoln green. I passed the low-pitched narrow door, and came into a snug- looking bar, lighted by two or three oil lamps, in which were seated some half-dozen countrymen aronnd « long deal table, smoking and drinking. Behind ihe counter stood a good-looking bnxom yonng woman, and in the back-ground was a man in his shirt sleoves, polishing glasses. ' Good evening,' said I. ' Good evening, sir,' answered the bosom yonng woman, with a bustling air of hospitality. ' Gan I have a room here for the night ?' I inquired. Upon this she looked at me dnbionsly for a moment. ' Well,' eaid she, ' to- morrow is the horse show day in Bath, and that makes us rather full. There's one room, however-' sha pansed. ' One is all that I require,' said I. ' Ay, bot you mightn't care to occupy this one,' she «claimed. 'And why notP' said I. 'Is it haunted P' ' That's just what it is !' cried she, with a look of surprise. ' You'vo heard about it P' ' Not I. This is the first time I was ever in the village of Box in my life. Has anybody ever seen the ghost P' ' No,' she answered, ' bat plenty have heard it.' ' Well, if the fact of its being haunted is the only objection to the room, I do not mind sleeping in it. Í am not a believer in ghosts. Still, it was honest of yon to tell me about it, and I am obliged.' ' Then if you are prepared to sleep in the haunted room we can put you up,-' said she. I requested the barman to place my bicycle under cover, and asked to have some supper. On this I was shown in- to a little parlour, with high wainscot ting and a low timber ceiling, and there regaled ' myself from a round of cold beef, washed down by a draught of nut-brown home brewed beer. The young woman lingered in the room while I ate, and I questioned her farther concerningjthis haunted cham- ber. She could not tell me the origin of the superstition relating to it, but assured me that most people who had slept in it within her recollection complained of having heard strange noises in the walls, as though of skeletons disporting them- selves, and several of them declared they had seen vague pallid shapes flitting about in the darkness. She admitted to me, in confident*^ that she looked upon my resolution as a prodigy bf valour, and that for her own part nothing could induce her to pass a night in the place. When I had finished my meal, I went again into the bar, and there sst awhile, smoking my pipe, and listening to the views of the villagers upon .several ques- tions of great national moment. By the way, it is surprising with what ease your pot henee philosopher disposes of the most knotty problems oE the dey. Then, intending to be np and away by sunrise on the morrow, I rose, and asked to be shown tb the ghost inhabited apartment where I was to sleep. The barmah pro cared a caudle, and led me ap a narrow winding staircase, which creaked beneath oar tread. I asked him; what the. age ot this bonBe was, and he replied he believed it to be abont a couple Of centuries old, and that it was slightly Cameos as having long since been the resort of a notorious highwayman, known as Fleecy Joe. ' Here's your room, sir;* said he, and opening the door, he admitted me into a bed chamber of very prosaic appearance, furnished with a ponderous looking fonr poster, gaunt and naked for the want of drapery. The man set the eandle down npon the chest of drawers, then, wishing me good night, he wout oat, closing the door after him. There was bnt one window in the room, screened with a green frieze blind. I stepped acröBs to it, and peered oat Bight opposite rose tho black shapeof the old church, and from this élévation I could look over the wall surrounding thev graveyard, and see the pale -glimmering outlines of the tombs, showing like white streaks npon the grass in the rays of the moon. Ha ! thought I> there alone lies a frnitfnl scarce of inspiration in the ghost line. Ba* -what troubled ~ine more just then than any considerations of goblins or spectres was to observe that large, watery looking clouds .were beginning te sail slowly across the clear indigo t>£ the sky, as thengh a change of weather were coming along before morning. I leisurely andre «sed myself and get- ting -into the bed-whose framewerk groaned in a most distressing manner to ' my every movement-I blew ont the candle. Although X was wearied from the effects of a fifty mile ride since day- break that morning, and believed that I should have gone fast asleep as soon as my head touched the pillow, I lay for a long time after I had got between the sheets with my eyes wide open, star- j ing up at the fitful shadows npon the ceiling, made by the coming and going of the moon behind the bodies of vaponr, and straining my ears, almost unconsciously, to catch any noise in the walls. Bnt- all remained perfectly silent, save for the soft murmuring of the wind which was 'beginning very slightly to rise, and the occasional gentle creak of the signboard hanging directly beneath my window. *: ? I beard the chimes of the clock ia the ; adjoining church tower strike the hour of eleven, after which I sank into a deep slumber. I was awakened by a subdued roaring noise, and opened ray eyes upon an atmosphere of intense darkness. As soon as I had in some measure collected my wits, I realised that a gale of wind was blowing outside. I lay for a while.listen ing to the gusts bursting in great guns against the house, and moaning like thunder heard afar, in the chimney of the old fashioned fireplace. On a sudden I heard a sound as of a faint tapping inside the wail somewhere at the back of the bed ; a feeble, metallic kind of clinking, such as might be made by chipping the masonry with a small hammer. The recollection that I was in a room reputed to be haunted instantly rushed in upon me, and I hastily sat ap to listen, not a little startled. The noise ceased at that moment ; bat in a very short time it recommenced, and by heaskening attentively I- speedily determined that it proceeded from the direction of the grate. I am free to admit that my first impulse was lo spring out of bed and ran from the room, for although I had given no credence to tho ghost story connected with this apart- ment, yet here unmistakably was that mysterious sound of which the buxom young woman had spoken, and who was to say that the next thing might not be the apparition of eome dim, pale spectre, shaping itself in an impalpable esses ce upon the blackness P Bat common sense got the better of this momentary feoliug of panic, and I began to reason with my- self, the strange clinking sonnd mean- while continuing, with an occasional panse in its muffled resonance. Groping for the candle which I bad placed on a chair by my side, I strack a match aud got a light. The sweep of the wind ont of doors created a strong draught aud the flame wavered fitfully, filling the room with wildly fleeting shadows. The longer I listened the more certain I was that the noise came from the fireplace. I got quietly out of bed, and holding the candle in my hand, crept over to the grate, the better to hearken. The wind droned and sighed high up in the f.wide orifice of the chimney, nttering many strange, weird cries, as though, forsooth, the spirits of the dead lying in the cemetery were assembled there to give vent to their lamentations and watlings. But the slow rythmic click, click, reached «my ears in a perfectly audible tone now, and I was satisfied that, let the occasion of it prove what it would, the sound came down the chimney. This discovery, trifling as it was, created in me. a resolntion to make further explorations, and try and arrive at a solution of the mystery. I was yöuug in those days, with iron hard nerves, and a great capacity of putting matter-of-fact interpretations upon things whieh people might accept as supernatural, and though indeed, my first emotion on hearing the noise had been one of alarm, amounting very nearly to consternation, yet that gave place to a feeling of cariosity. I partially clothed myself, and then returned to the fireplace to listen. The grate was of an ancient pattern, with a wide yawning chimney, such as they built in tho days when little boys were soot np as sweeps. I stooped, so as to clear tho edge of the chimney piece, and put my head into the aperture, grasping the candle in one hand and the poker in the other. The strong damp down draught made tho light flicker and start; the soot-covered walls absorbed the feeble illumination, and I could Bee nothing, thongh the hollow clinking noise now sounded close to my ear. I began to stroke down the grimy brick, work with the poker I held, to try and discover whether there were any irregu- larities icujfc, and soon found that there existed a kind of ledgA-On eftob.eide of the chimney, about,three feet np. Stepping upon the bs& of the fireplace, I was enabled^ttf . bring my head on to a leral^with these openings in the walls. Ilfeld the candle as far beck as the length ot my arm would admit to ascertain the extent of -the orifico, and by so doing carried the light clear of the draught coming down the chimney, so that it' burnt np steadily; the ledges I fonnd^ weat .for about a couple of feet into the side of the shaft, and were like small embrasures in the solid masonry, for what purpose designed Leonid not possibly imagine. The soot lay in a dense pall-like covering of at least ene inch thick apon the floors of these openings; indeed, from the con- dition of the wall I was sore that no sweep's brush had been np there for many a year. The ghostly noise seemed to me to proceed from the ledge on my right. Planting my shoulder against the back of the chimney to steady myself, for my footing upon the bars was by no means secure, I held the sandle against that part of the brick.work ioftry and ascertain ^he cause of this mystery. The wavering flame fell with a faint glint upon some dully bright object, swaying to and fro against the' rayless surface ef soot. I brought the light close, shieding it after a fashion with the hand which held the poker, and then to my unutterable as- tonishment I perceived a stout gold watch chain hanging over the edge of the shelf, with a larga bunch of coins and seals attached to the end of it ; which, as the thing swayed ia the strong gnats of air coming down from the top, clinked against the bricks and created the faiat hollow sound of tapping, like an im- prisoned skeleton trying to claw his way ont with his bony fingers. This to be sure was a strange discovery and one of a very different nature to what I had expected. I dropped the poker, that fell with a noisy clatter into the grate beneath, and took hold of the chain. A small object of considerable weight was attached to that end of it which was buried in the soot ; it proved to be a mas- sive gold watch of very antique pattern, all blackened and tarnished, but in per- fect condition, BO far as I could make out by the uncertain candle light. So here, thought I, is the secret of the haunted room in the Foresters' Arms; - some part of the booty oE the long since departed worthy, Fleecy Joe. And then it ocenrred to me that there might be other things hidden in that dark mysteri- ous chimney ; so I once more got hold of the poker and began raking about among the soot which covered the ledge. In that receptable from which I had taken the watch I found nothing ; thonghl scraped and poked into every nook and corner of it ; bat on the other side, after raking about for a while, 1 felt something lying against the wall at the back. I hooked it along towards rae, and then discovered that it was a »mall leathern bag, bulgy with its contents, dyed to the hue of the soot beneath which it had lain. My heart beat fast, for I guessed what it held. Satisfied that there was nothing further for me to 'find, I dismounted from the grate and got upon the floor again, blacker than the most ebony-like of cannibals. My fingers trembled with agitation as I untied the ! string which bound the neck of the little j bag, and opened it. An exclamation I escaped my lips. The bag was full of i gold coins. I emptied them on the hearthrog to connt thom. They proved te ba all spade guineas and half gnine&s;, and there were thirty-nine of them in all. I slept no more that night. Haring cleaned myself ont of the soot in the best fashion I could contrive, I dressed folly, and sat down to wait for daylight. They were early risers at this little conntry inn ; and whilst the windy sky was growing flashed in the esst to the rising of the san, and the clock ia the old church opposite was striking the hour of five, I heard the footsteps of people up and about. I left my room, and went downstairs; carrying the bag of gnineas in one poeket, and the watch and chain in the other. In the bar 1 met the buxom young woman, very fresh and smiling.. ' I have discovered the ghost,' said I. '3STo !' she cried. * Have you really seen it?' ' I have done more,' said I ; * I have brought it to show yon.' I thereupon produced the articles, and briefly related my story. She listened with eyes rounded by astonishment, and when Í had done, bounded off to fetch her mother, a decrepid old woman, the land- lady of the house, who presently appeared in a rod flannel jacket. Thore was a long debate on what should be done with this treasure trove, as I had no intention of giving the whole of it np. It was finally agreed that I should keep the watch and chain, together with five of the guiueas and five of the half-guineas.; the remainder to go to the landlady. The buxom young woman appeared to b a pro- digiously delighted at my discovery, and when an honr later 1 asked for the reckon- ing, she refused to receive any money from rae, coming to the door to watch me mount my bicycle, and call- ing after me as I rode off that she hoped I would come again and put up at the Forester's Arms. [THH END. | 