WEDNESDAY, AUG. 14. Tho Court' resumed thia morning, whon tho taking of the ovidonco for tho dofonco waa continued. Dofendant Erioksou gavo slmilav ovidouoo, ' Francis Horbort Baokhouao, raining onginoor, ? Btatod, that ho roport ed favourably ou the mino to H, J. Saundors and Co., . but ho did not rccognibo plnintiff aa the ngont for tho Balo of tho ''property. Ryan informod him, howovor, that plaintiff had notliiug to do with tho aalo of tho mipo. That waa after tho examination of tho mino, nnd boforo tho tonns word (lisoussod, . Counsol did not nddroas tho Jury, and Hia Honor aummonod up, Tuo q\ioB tion ho loft to tho jury woa, Wna tlioro authority diroot or implied on the par.b of tho dofondanta to Diok to net aa thoir ngont H If bo pluintiff waa ontitled to a reuaonablo i-oward, although Hio Honor would'not Bay that ho was on titled to 6 por cont. What reward ho should get was a question for tho juvy to docickv Tho jury aftor a half nn hour's dollbnration roturnod a vordiot for tho dofondauta. Thopraotioaljokorfamiliavly termed 'tho ghost' lins not yot boon captured (roports tho Molbourne Argm). Ho hns boon roportod from almost ovory suburb and a few nighta ngo' ho had a unrrow oBonpo in Collingwood. Sovoral sooroof peoplogAvtfhlm ohaae,buthosuccoodod in getting away. ? Had ho boon caught ho would doubtless havo boon provnUed upon to ooaao his stupid conduot, Ilia mothodB aro similnv to tlwoo of tho ?? ghoata ' aud ' Spring-hool Jacka ' of past yoara. Ho woars au overcoat or ulfltor, and whon in convoniontly dark plncoa throwa tho coat or ulfltor open, dlnplaying to tho ga?.o of womon or ohildren a phoaphorna-pnintod ooflln on hia broaBt, with tho words written aoroaa it ' Proparo to moot thy doom.' Sovoral childron havo boon boon froightonod out ' of thoir wita by tho man, and ho haa bocomo such a nulannco that tho polioo aro anxious tolny'hnndflupon him. Tho laat ono of tho ' ghoata ' who was run to earth waa a modioal etudont. A rovolvor shot flrod by a horsoman whom he had tried to torrify flul»hod his career. It did him no bodily harm, but it scarod him so badlly that ho jpwo up plaving jokoi. A lad named Sydnoy Errington wna arreatod at South Yarra on Tuosdiiy night chnrgod with inaultlng behavior Ho was mnaquorading in a poouliar coatumo, whion gave tho improsaion at tho timoWiat ho wan tho ' ghoat. ' Thia was found to boa fltlso improaslon, and his littlo display in a Tarn o' Shantor hat, RpectacloB, nnd a fnko beard waa hia first oUauy in tho foolish buainoas. Woundoratand that an action has boon commoncod agninat Mr, John Neil, stockbroker, of Perth, by Mr. M. J. Koano, of Fromantlo, ono of tho com mitteoof tho FroinantloStook Exchange for recovery of dnmagoa for allogod Blandor, Tho action has boen taken in oonaoquonco of certain romarkn mado by Mr. Noil Whioh nro allogod to rofloot upon Mr. Konnc's oharnctor. Tho dauingoj aro sot down at /!2,QO0, 