SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED.) Hiss Sorensen did not sit — she was far too much excited. She stood near the door of her little cabin. "Did you -really hear the bottla fall and break, yesterday morning ?" 44 I heard a noise whhih might be ac counted for in that way," I answered. " And did you h«ar my footsteps ?" x beard toots tops. " Sister Hagar said that you knew — I hoped, I hoped — I earnestly trusted that she was wrong." " How could she possibly tell V I replied. "I met ber on the stairs coming towards the cabin. I certainly said nothing — how was it possible for her to read my secret thoughts?" " It was quite possible. She saw the knowledge in your eyes ; she gave you one glance— that was sufficient. Oh ! I hoped she was mistaken." " Mine is not a tell-tale fAoe," Is&id.; "Not to most people, but it is to her. Ton don't know ber. She is the moat wonderful, extraordinary woman -that ever breathed. She can read people through and through. She can stand behind you and know when your eyes flash and your tips smile. Her knowledge is terrible. She can almost Bee through stone walls. I told you last nixhfc tih&t; I dreaded her— Tdomore «Wi mniQly'jjiiigfttorv T "Sit down," I said. In a Trice which I made on purpose both cold and stern ; "it is very bad for you to exeifce yourself in this way. If you dislike Sister Hagar, why is she your nurse ? In short, what can be your possible motive for going through this extra ordinary act of deception ? Are you not aware that you are actiag in a most reprehensible manner? Why do you wish the passengers of the Ariadne to sup. pose you to be paralysed, when you are in reality in perfect health? " 44 In perfect health? " she repeated, with & shudder. 44 Ves, I am doubtless in perfect bodily health, but I am in — oh, in such bitter anguish of soul." 44 What do yon mean 44 I can no more tell you that than I can tell you why 1 urn in Sister Hagar's power. Fray forget my wild words. I kuow you think badly of me, bntyour feelings would be changed to profound pity if you cocild guess the truth. Nowlisten to mc— I have only a moment or two left, for Sister Hagar will be back almost directly. She found out yester day that you bad guessed my secret. I hoped that this was not the case, but, as usual, she was right aud X was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours, when I first came an deck, I thought it likely that you might eee through my deception. Sister Hagar also feared that such would be the case. Itwason that account that I avoided speaking to yen, and also that I remained eo silent and apparently uninterested in everyone when I went on deck. I asked for this interview yesterday for the express purpose of finding out whether you really knew about the deception which I was practising on every- . one on board. If I discovered that you had pierced through my disguise, there was nothing for it but for me to throw myself on your mercy. Now you know why" I was sc desirous of seeing you without Mr Curwen." 41 1 understand," I answered. "The whole matter is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may I ask what motive influences you ? There must be some eecret reason for such deception as you practice." Miss Sorensen colored, and for the first time since she began to tuake ber confession, her voice grew weak and faltering — »er eyes took a eh illy glance, aud refused to meet mine. " The motive may seem slight enough to you,' she said ; but to me it is, and was, sufficiently powerful to make me go through with this ahatn. My home is not a happy one; I hare a step-mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home and to see something of life. My father's brother. Professor Sorensen, of St. Petersburg. men- | ixoned his name sad the luxurious palace in vhich he lives. I have never met him, but 1 took a curious longing' to pay him a Tint, and thought of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor Sorensen has made a special study of nervous diseases each as paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked the matter over, and I resolved to feign this disease in older to get sway from home and to pay my uncle a visit. AU went well with out hitch of any sort until yesterday morn ing." "But it is impossible for you to suppose," £ -aid, "that you can take in a specialist like Professor Sorensen." ' 1 don't mean to try — he'll forgive me wben £ tell him the truth, and throw uiyself on bis mercy." "And is Sister Hagar a real nurse '' I Baked, after a pause. "No, hut she has studied the part a little, and is far too clever to commit herself." Miss Sorensen's face was no longer pale— a rich color ll&uied; in her cheeks, her eyes blazed — ehe looked wonderfully handsome. "And now that you have confided iu me," £ said, " what do yon expect me to do with my knowledge 't 1 ' " To respect my secret, and to keep il ab solutely and stristiy te yourself." " That is impossible— 1 cannot deceive Curwen." ' You must — you shall. Why should two — two be sacrificed. And he £ts so young, and he knows nothing now — nothing. Oh, do have mercy on him. Oh, my God, what wild words am I saying? What most you think of me?" She paused abruptly, her blazing eyes were fixed on my face. "What must yon think of me 5" she re peated. 'That you are in a very excitable and over strained condition, and perhaps not quite answerable for yonr actions," £ replied. " Yes, yes," she continued; "X am over strained — over-suxions — not quite account able—yes—that Is it— that is it— but you will not tell Mr Ourwen — Oh, be merciful to me, £ beg of yon. We shall soon reach St Peters burg. Wait, at least, until we get there before you tell him — promise me that. "Tell him then if you like — tell all the world then if you choose to do so, but respect my secret until we reach Russia." . As Miss Sorensen spoke she laid her hand on my arm— she looked at me with a passion which seemed absolutely inadequate to her very poor reason for going through this ex traordinary deception. "Promise me," sbeeaid; "there's Sister Hagar's knock at the door — let her in — but promise me first." , " X will think the whole, case over nare- and went ont of the little cabin as' Sister Hagar came In. . That afternoon Cdrwen asked me about Miss Sorensen — I replied to bun briefly. " I wiil tell you all about the saee," I said, " in a short time — there is a mystery which the yotuag lady has divulged, and which she has earnestly implored of me to respect until we reach St. Petersburg. " Then yon believe she can be cured ?" said Ourwen. - "Unquestionably — bnt it is a strange story and it is impassible forme to discuss it until I can give yon my foil confience. In the meantime there is nntfilyig to be done in th, 1 medical way for Hiss Sorensen — I ehrmid re- commend her to keep on deck as mnoh as possible— she is in a highly hysterical' state, and the more freeh air she gets, the better." Curwen was obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the jase, aad the next time lsaw Miss Sorensen, I bent over her and told her that I intended to respect her secret until after we arrived at St. Petersburg. "I don't know howto thank you enough," she said — her eyee flashed with |oy, and she became instantly the most animated end fas cinating woman on board. At last wa reached the great northern port, and first amnngst those to come.on board the Ariadne was the tall and aristocratic form of Professor Sorensen. I happened to wit- =. 256 ness the meeting between bim and bis beautiful niece. He stooped down end kissed her on ber white brow. A! flush of scarlet spread nil orer her face as he ' did so. J3hey spoke a few -words together— ' then Sister Hagar came ap and touched Mies Sorenson on her arm. The next moment I ! was requested to come and speakto the young lady. " May I introduce you to my uncle, Dr Halifax?" aheeaid. "Professor Sorensen — Dr Halifax. I can scarcely tell you. Uncle Oscar," continued the young lady, looking full in his face, "how good Dr Halifax has been to me during my voyage." , Professor Sorensen made a polite rejoinder to this, sad immediately invited me to come to see him at his palaoe in the Nevriri : Prospect. I was about to refuse with all the politeness Icould muster, when Bliss Sorensen gave mc & glance of such teerible entreaty that it staggered me, end almost threw me off my ocuaxice. 41 You will come; yon must come," she eaid. 44 I can take no refusal," exclaimed the Professor. " 1 am delighted to welcome you as a brother in the great world of nedical science. I have no doubt that we shall have much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the pood fortune to be some what oelehrated,aud I have made experiments in the cultivation of microbes which I should like to talk over with you. . You will do me 1 the felicity oE dining with. «ne this evening, ;DrBMIhrtV''r- - I considered the situation briefly — I glanced again at Mibb Sorensen. . " I will come, I said — she gave a eigh of relief, and lowered her eyes. IVofeasor Sorensen mcved away, and Sister Hagar went into the younc lady's cabin to fetch something For a moment Miss Sorensen and I were alone. She gave mc an imperious gesture to come close to her. 4 Sit on that oh&ir; — stoop down, I don't want others to know," she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. 44 You have been good, more than good," she said, 44 and I respect you. I thank you from my heart. Do one last thing for me." 44 What is that ?" 44 Don't tell our secret to Maurice Curwen ! until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I have a very grave reason for asking :t of you." j 44 I shall probably not have time to tell him between now and this evening," I said, 44 aa 1 mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking over the place." . At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of rags and parcels — amongst tbem was a small, braes-bound box which seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approached us, the nurse knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not . rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy brass-bound box tell with some force to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover ; immediately bounced open and several packets of papers were shewn on the deck. I etooped to pics them no, but Norse Hagar wrenched them from my hands with such force that I could not help glancing at her in astonishment. One packet had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as 1 did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small black characters on the cover. The : name was OIg& KFestofgki. Below it was something" which looked like hieroglyphics, i bat I knew enough of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Russ — with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse— she gave me a glance which 1 was destined to remember afterwards — and Miss Sorenson uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. Professor feorensen came hastily up — he administered a restorative to his niece, Aud said that the excitement of seeing him hftfl evidently been too much for her in her weak . state. A moment later the entire party had left the yacht. It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in the Ne vski Prospect where Professor, ,l®Sr®Sss!SvTOwnmnyy several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to a bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room was of colossal size and height, and, warm as the weather still was, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walls. The hangings and the other appointments of this apart ment were of the costliest, and as I looked arouud me 1 could not help coming to the conclusion that a Cburt physician at St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative posi tion. Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as best I could to the recep tion-rooms on tile ground floor, when, to my unbounded amazement. I saw the massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Minn Sorensen. magnifi cently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came in. She had not made the slightest sound iu opening the door, and now sbe put her finger to her lips to enjoin silence on my part-. She closed the door gently behind her, and, coming up to xny side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to go. 44 What is the meaning of this?" I began. 41 The nole will tell you," she replied. "Oh, yes, I am well, quite well — I have told my uncle all about my deception oo board the Ariadae. For God's sake don't keep me now. It lam discovered all is lost" She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent move ment, and disappeared. 1 could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone I felta chill running through me. I went deliberately rip to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened Miss Sorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on the following words : — "We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you foaad out the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutelyand irrevocably sealed when you saw my real name on the packet of letters which fell out of the brass- bound box to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death to those who discover it unbidden. " is decreed by those 'who never alter or change that you do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hcpeless for you to try to escape,for on all hands the doors are guarded; aud even if you did encceed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for ns. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable— it is therefore arranged that you are to die. ' I like youandpity you. I .have a heart, and yon. not matter—we told our "lives cheap— w© always carry them in oar hands, andnre ready to lay tbem down st any instant. Zm&ynot; encceed in earing yon, bat I will tiy. 1 not quite certain how yonr death Is tobe accomplished, bat I have a very direwd suspicion of the manner in which the filial attack on your life will be made. Yonr only chance — remember," your only chance of escape — Is to appear to know absolutely nothing — to show not tiie ghost of a suspicion f any underhand practices; to put forth all your powers to fascinate and please Professor Sorensen and the guests who will dine with us to-night Show no surprise at anything yon see — esk no impertinent questions. 1 have watched you, and I believe yon are clever enough and have sufficient nerve te act as I suggest Pay meell the attention in your power— mure love to me evens little, if you like — thst will not matter; for we -b.n never meet again after to-night After dinner you will he invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory — he will ask no other guest to do this. .On no acoonnt refuse — go with him and I wilt go with you. 'Where he goes and whets lgo,follow without flinch ing. If you fed astonishment do not show it And now, aUthat I haresaid leads to tide final remark. Avoid the seventh step. 1 Beat riiM in yonr sund— It yonr i«t.cnanftr 1 DagiubI" - I read ibis note over twice. The terrible feeling of horror left me after the second reading. I felt braced and resolute. I suspected, what was indeed the case, that I had fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest of Nihilists. How mad I had been to come to Professor Sorensen's palace ! I had fully made up my mind that Miss Sorensen had told me lies, when she gave me her feeble reasons for acting as she hod done on board the Ariadne. No matter thotnow, however, She spoke the truth at last. The letter I crashed in my hand was not a lie. I re solved to be wary, guarded — and when the final moment came, to sell my life dearly. I had abox of matches in my pocket. I burnt the note to white ash, and then crushed the ashes to powder wider my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the reception-rocms. The powdered footman flung the door of the great drawing-room open aud called my name in a ringing- voice. Professor Sorensen come forward to meet me. A lady came up at the same moment and held out bar hand. She was dressed in black velvet, with rich lace and many magnificent diamonds. They shone in ber sandy hair and glistened round her thin throat. I started back in amazement. Here was Sister Hagar metamorphosed. 44 Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen," said the Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger and smiled into my face. 44 You look astonished, and no wonder, Dr Halifax." itieHBici , «h. how- nmghty. you bave been to read our secrets" She' turned away to speak to another guest. The j next moment dinner was announced. As we eat round the dinner-table we made a large party. Men and women of many nationalities were present, but I quickly per ceived, to my surprise, that I was the guest of the eveniug. To me was given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Sorensen to the head of the table, and in honor of me also, English — by common cousent — was the language spoken at dinner. (to be coxtixced.) 