A REAL GHOST STORY AT HAMPTON COURT. At last the reproach of the Delchical Research Society is taken away. It oas always been the joke against thca that they, who seek perseveringly the spectral ex periences which othere would only be too glad to avoid, never succeed in getting a ghest to take any noti:e of them. The mere presence in a haunted hours of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it; for, as Mr Lang puts it When the glum Itescarchers com.e The brutes ef Loies-go! But at last better luck hoe attended them. In the forthcoming number of "Borderland" the assistant editress, a lady well known in " psychical circles" as Miss X , tells the following tole of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will be aeen that the spectre was not only proof against the die. couraging influences of the S.P.R., but was not even frightennd away by an article on Pimetalism. A tough hoest this: SLEEI'IOSt IN A HAUNTED ROOM. I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasnn suite of roams in Hampton Court Palae. My room was quaintly pretty, but somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the roof. The folding doors were locked; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a small one withour curtains; indeed, tEe room contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to the head of the bed that there was room between only for a very small table, upon which I took care to place two long candles and a plentiful supply of matches, being somewhat addicted to late and early reading. I sat up in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Ferrer's problem, "Shall we Degrade our Standard of Value 1" in the National Review. When I finished the article, as the clock struck half- past one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, and put out my lights, and was asleep before the next quarter sounded. AWArED ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened from dreamless slumber by the sound, of the opening of a door against which some piece of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered the eat, and tried to conceive by what kind of '" rampaging" she could contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this side of the folding doors. "A dress fallen in the wardrobe," was my next thought, and I stretched out my left hand for the match-box, ass preliminary to in quiry. TIIE TOUCII OF A EPECTIRAL HAND. I did not reach the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in the room, and I finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should be spoken to, I said gently, "Is anyone there? 'an I do anything for you!" I remembered that the last person who entertained "the Ghost" had said "Go away, I don't want you l" and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better mpaners and be kind. However, there was no answer-no sound of any kind; and return ing to my theory of the cat and the fallen dress, though nevertheless infinenoed by the recollection of those detainino fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on the edge of the bedstead, while with my left arm extended I swept the surround. ing space. As the room is th fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. TIIE APPARITION AND ITS LICoIT. I was, though somewhat perplexed, about to grant myself license to go to sleep again, when in the darkness before me there began to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tall, slight woman, moving slowly" across the room from the folding doors on my right. As she passed the foot of my bed I felt a slight vibration in the spring mattress. At the farther corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her profile and general appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty. fiveyears of age, her figare slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and a brood sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost under the arne, a crossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie fiat to the head, either in curls or " bowe," I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to the color, but the dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitiveness, I perceived the fi~garo to be unsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in askingonce more, " Will you letme help you Can I be of any use to yeOu ? " THlE GHOS KnEESLS ASD DmIStPPrFA. My volce sounded preternaturally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She stoodetillforperhaps two minutes, though it is very'difllcult to estimate time on such eoasions. She thep raised her hands, which ware long and white, and held them before her as she sank upon her knees and slowly buried her face in the palms, in the attitude of prayer-when quite suddenly the light went out and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the ear tain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I feit that It was delBnitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There was no force, no passion; 1 had seen a meek, sad woman, who had anoeumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the ellnstrious names of former oeupants of the chamber. I fixed on one-a bad man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that thus of wickedness and fully, the - Regeney.o . thought of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate romance. "This will not do, here and now," Ire. flected, as the clook struck four, and as an act of mental discipline I returned to my NationalRleview... T-From Miblis X's descriptions the ghoat seems to be an aunidentified spectre, as least a eeuntary later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup posed to he the only spectral occupants of the Palace. Does "Royal" mean anything in particu. lar! (asks "Westminster"). This was the question which, in a way, was before Mr Justice Stirling lately. A "Royal Heagarian Bad" ss advertised as playing at Olympia ; but it is not the original "Royal un garian Band" which played in Lon don last year. The agent ol this last mentioned band sought to restrain Olympia from calling their band '"Royal,' The injunction, however, was refusMed in the absencenofevidence of reputation r ered in thetitleof 'Royal.'" So there I prime. facie presumption, it seems, in of a "Royalty" in bands. 