CHEISTJIAS NIGHT ENTBBTAIS". . MENTS. \- An illustrated musical entertainment, in keeping" with the spirit'of the festival, was given in the Exhibition Theatre on Christmas night by a capable quintette, consisting of Miss Florence Fitzgerald (soprano). Miss Alicia Burton (contralto), and Messrs T. 12. Jones and R. J. Holden (baritones), and H. J. Robinson (tenor). It was described in the programme as " a gorgeous representation of the ' City of the Messiah,' brilliantly staged and beau tifully illustrated," but it would be more correctly termed a sacred concert marred by limelight effects. The attendance was good, the lower divisions of the house being well filled, and tbo vocalists, met with aii appreciative reception. The operator in charge of the limelight arrangements did not appear to be on good terms with his lantern, and the effect produced by the pictures was uot as happy as might have been expected. The concert was opeued with " Rock ot Ages" by Misses Fitzgerald and Burton, and Messrs Jones and Robinson, and was followed by a solo from Mr T, B. - Jones, whose-fall mellow notes wore heard to great advantage in Gou nod's " Nazareth." He gave a most sympathetic rendering of Parker's " Jerusalem" at a later stage of the performance, and was much applauded. Miss Florence Fitzgerald sang " Angel's ever bright and fair " (Handel), with exquisite effect, and " The Star of Beth lehem" (Stephen Adams) was interpreted with artistic feeling, the effect in this instance being enhanced by the accom panying pictures. Gounod's beautiful solo* " There is a green bill," was taken with pleasing success. by Miss Burton, whose enunciation was highly appreci ated, particularly in connection with her reudering of " The gift" (Behrend), a delightful number. " He shall feed His flock," a duet from the "Messiah," contributed by Misses Burton, and Fitzi gerald, was received with marked favor by the audience. Mr. H. J. Eobinson was encored .for "The Holy City" (Handel), and the recit, " Comfort "ye my people," from the " Messiah," was well sung. Two solos were also contri buted by Mr E. J. Holden, the most popular being Piccolomini's .".Ora pro nobis," which was rendered with splendid expression and devotional feeling. His second contribution consisted of Eodney's " Calvary," the interpretation of which was thoroughly artistic. The entertains meat was (dosed -with, an exhibition of views from the " City, of- the Messiah," and picturesque, hits of Australian scenery.^ .The accompaniments were ! played by Mr. Pauli Carter,.A.B. A.M. .. The Christmas entertainment given hi the Y.M.C.A. Hall did not meet with the patronage it deserved, the; attendance being vcry ineagre, due no doubt to the short notice., which; it received. The views exhibited by means of a power ful tri-unial lantern were ■ exceptionally clear, and the illustration of * Marley's Ghost," so conspicuous a feature in Dickens' delightfuFChristmds carol, was particularly effective. ..The exhibition of a beautiful set of pictures, entitled " The fugitive slaves,"- -was interrupted by the sudden failure of- the;, gas - supply, hut the defect-.was-remedied after a - short interval;-. An appropriate reading, , " The Birth of Christy" was splendidly illustrated. . Accompanying selections were fplayed. .by Mr- Sharpe Brearley, and some excellent vocal items wereincludedin the programme, which met with hearty appreciation. Miss Steed man^; gave an: admirable rendering of For all-Eternity,"- and two solos were effective]y~givcnhy Mr K. C; M'Cormick, one.heing " Thon'rt passiug hence my, brother,": nndr^tlie " second- was " The tollers." . , . 