GENERAL tfEWb. At the police Coott yesterday morjaihg before John jWecalleter, C. E. 8 Booker, H. Bmarins, and J. Donnelly, .JSiqv, JJP., Ferdinand Pniiiipi, on ball, was abftrged witb drunkenness. He pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Stafford. Senior (Sergeant Gallagher gave evidence to the effect tbat defendant eamn to tbe police station about 5 o'olook on Snnday afternoon last In company with another young man. He was ?lruseod In volunteer uniform, being bare headed, ana bad a picture in a glass, frame. He was drunk and very excited, and oaused a good many people tn con gregate about Kent street. Conetsble Walsb was present, and be Ihetraoted bim to inQk defendant up. In reply to Mr. Stafford ibo witness said that tne de fendant was capable of walking straight. Constable Walsh deposed as to arresting the defendant, and Constable Evee watcb-bouse keeper, gave evidenoe as to sesroblng defendant before putting bim into tbe cell, and fiodiog 14-, 6d, and ? oleoe of gold Jn bis posBeasiou. The de fendant Phillipi. on taking tbe box, and being sworn, alleged tbat be was no) drunk, and mentioned tbat be bad only t»ken Ibree glasses of wine since the Queen's Birthday. Elia Brumoard de posed tbat tbe defendant bad not taken any drink, and took off bis coat becsnse be was afraid of catching a oold. The Bencb fined tbe defendant 10s., witb tbe ootion of48 hours' imprisonment. Henry Steinbardt, for disorderly conduct and obscene language in Wbarf street, pleaded guilty, and was fined £2, witb tbe optino of a month's imprisonment. John Byrne wsb obarged with disorderly odd duct ou the licensed premises nf the Post Office Hotel on Sunday, and was remanded for a week. The defendant bas a long ?'black list' of petty offences against bim sinoe 1889. A succession of severe frosts bas played havoc witb tbe sugar cane not alone on tbe Mary river, but in tbe Isis aud in tbe Burnett district. One exaeptien alone appears to be Bsaple, where sheltered by i the mountain from the westerly wind, j not more tban 20 acres have been toncbed, and tbat not very badly. It bas altogether been one of tbe worst seasons we bave bad for sugar cane In tbis district, and tbe Maryborough Sugar Factory could hardly haveoommenoed operations under i worse auspices. For months there has been a cry for rain. A dry autumn made the cropB so backward tbat everywhere crushing operations bave been suspended j as long as possible togivetbecaneacbancs to Improve; bnt now that tbe frosts bave BUpervened, the rain that would bave been a blessing would now be ruinous to tbe frosted crops, the only hope for wblob is to be crushed as quickly as possible. Therefore, where mills bave not already started, tbe wnrk of preparation Is beine; pushed forward witb tbe utmost despatch. Farmers under contract witb tbe Mary borough Sugar Faotory, wbo bave frosted oane, will be pleased to learn tbat every effort is being made to oommenoe crush ing In about 10 or 12 days. Nearly every thing Is ready, except tbe endless obaiu for tbe oane carrier. Tbla being a speoial claes of work was ordered from England sometime ago, bat was vexatiously short ahipped, and will not be out /or a month or more. However, in view of the urgency of commencing work at onoe, tne directors have decided not to wait for it, bnt to bave tbe obaln made locally at extra oost. Tbe work bas bssn divided between tbe two foundries, wblob will go at it night and day tiii it is finished. Meanwhile, Mr. Wiseman, the manager of tbe faotory, will go amongstthe farmers and arrange for tbe speedy delivery of their froBted cane. The Rev. Joseph King, late of S9moa, abd representative nf tbe Lnndon Mis sionary Boolety, wbo ie travelling through the colonies for tbe purpose of spreading a wider knowledge of tbe missionary enterprise carried on by tbis particular society, gave bi8 popular lantern lecture in the Congregational Cburob last nigbt. Tbe title ol tbe lecture was 'Our Ships, or 99 years in tbe Soutb Seas,' aad wbere ever Mr. King has delivered it be haB been received by large audlenoeB. There was a moderate audience I aet nlgbt, wbo bad tbe pleasure of listening to an inter esting and attract Ive lecture. Tbe Rev. J. C. Harris, pastor of tbe church pre sided, and after bymn and prayer be briefly bnt suitably introduced the lecturer. Tbe manipulation of the magic lantern was entrusted to Mr, T. S. Warry. Mr. King dwelt upon the -history and progress or tbe mission work in the Soutb Seas io an exhaustive way, from tbe first ship (The Duff) that was sent forth In 17D8 to pioneer tbe way for missionary work In tbis field np to tbe present time. Folly 80 exOBllent views were shown, Illustrative of tbe lectare, At tbe close both tbe Rev. King and Mr, Warry were heartily tbanked.for tbe very pleaaant evening tbelr efforts bad afforded, The proceedings were closed with tbe bene diction. The fortnightly meeting of the Muni cipal Council takes place to-night, but tbere appears to be nothing of speoial in terest on tbe business paper. Tbe Health Committee will recommend raising the. sanitary rate from 12j. to 14s. per pan, the CoBnoii to supply tbe pans. This we think will prove a gieat saving to tbe ratepayers, who now bave to buy their own. Tbe Coanoll, by giving large orders, oan bave the pans ma je obeaply. Taking tbe duration of a pan at about two years, tbe email expense to ratepayers Involved in carrying out tbls recom mendation must be obvious when com pared witb wbat individual ratepayers now -bave to pay for renewal of pans. This is, no donbt, tbe outcome of tbe very practical report on tbe matter a ebort time ago by tbe Foreman of Works, Mr. Divld Kerr. - ' We bave teoeived from Messre. Edwards, Danlop and Co., through Mr. T. Miller, bookseller, Kent street, oopies of tbe latest additions to the now popular ' Maomillan'd Colonial Library.' Tbe first is F. Marion Crawford's latest work, '* Tbe Ralstons.' Tbls Is a captivating stnry of to-day, witb some of tbe great social and religious questions tbat are now Jn fasblou, lightly but oleveriy In terwoveo into u good plot. Tbe book quite sustains the blgb repntatlon of tbe aatber of Marzlo's Crucifix, Grelfen stein, Mr. Isaacs, and otber weli-knDwn works. Tbe other book ia.a.oew issne of tbat old and deservedly popular story, ' Far from tbe Madding Crowd,' . by Mr. Thomas Hardy, another great'ieader amongst modern novelists. Tbe large illustrated first edition of tbis book (1874) Is now priced in home catalogues at £5. Mb. E. Bookeb sent away on Batnrday nigbt last another monthly shipment of salt meat for tbe-iCoolgardle goldfield in Western Australia, in fulfilment of a contract be bas obtained from tbis dis tant part nf Australia. The beef was packed in bags of looal manufacture. Evebyone requiring Blankets should inspect Finney, Isles & Co.'s stock, wbicb la nnw being olosed out at reduced prloes. Tbls Firm's Blankets are soft, fine, and very warm, and tbelr New Zealand Blankets are almply dellolous these eold nigbt*. Try a pair, and Jadge for your self. Impobtant — Daonan and Henley's Stocktaking Sale now, oo. See the won derful Bargains In Dress Goods and Mi llinery. THE funeral of James Robertson, whose sad death in the prime of a useful life we referred to in yesterdays issue took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended. A number or members of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society were present In regalia, and the deceased having been a member of the Naval Brigade was accorded a military funeral, 23 of bis former comrades, under petty officer R. Massingham, forming an escort and firing party. Lieutenant Withrington and Instructor Greedon and Sub-lieutenant Gray, officers of the Brigade, also attended. The Rev. Dr. Knilpe conducted the service at the grave, at the conclusion of which the Brigade fired three parting volleys. Mbs. La nob Rawson, the well-known authority -on poultry and cookery, witn tesidee at Rookbampton, has just issued another of ber useful domestic guides, entitled ?' The Antipodean Cookery Book and Kltohen C'impaoioo.' We have to aoknowltxtee the -receipt ofaoopyfrom Messrs. W Dawson aod S-n. In this little work tbe authoress afrae expreft^ly at meeting tbe ' wantBaudolrcnuastanoe* of those living in tbe far busb, as well as those who dwell within rraoh of tbe amenities of elvlllzed existence.' Tne volume leade off with excellent advio' oo kitchen matters of all kinds, and then gives a great variety of redoes, from ' pig weed aod cheese' to 'quail on toast.' Probably tbe severest frost we bave bad tbls whiter, and the sixth in one month, was experienced yesterday morn ing In town Ice a trifle over a quarter of ho looh tbiok was obtained at day break. Reports from the country Indi cate even greater severity. A cbanga, however, set' in yesterday morning, the sky becoming overcast aud remaining threatening all day with warmer tem perature. Last nigbt was qnlte mlid and aloudy witb occasional light ebowere of rain. The installation of tbe Worshipful Master and officers of tbe Lodge Star of tbe EaBt, 1407, E.C., of Freemasons, takes place in the Masonic Hall on Thursday evening next, on wbicb ocoaslon tbe Rlgbt Worthy District Grand Master, and tbe Dlstiiot Grand Secretary, Brothers A. C. Gregory and J. Fenwlck, respectively, of Brisbane, will be present. Membereal the other Masonlo lodges are invited to be present, and tbe company will be enter tained in tbe asual way. Mb. John Maoaubteb. who bas cap ably fulfilled tbe duties of Clerk of Petty Sessions In Maryborough and tbe various otberduties contingent npnn tbatoffice for tbe past seven yearn, leaves by mall train tbis morning for Brisbane, en route for Cairns, at which place he has been pro moted to the position of police magistrate. Tbe promotion is tbe reward of falthfol and industrious eervloe, and the town is losing an obliging and proficient officer in Mr. Maoalister's departure. The Rev. W. H. Fitcbett, wbo is on a leutoring toar in Queensland on bebalf of tbe important Metbodist Union move ment, nas been lecturing to orowdea audiences in Brisbane. Tbe Courier states tbat be will leave to-day for Bun daberg, but we presume that he will break bis journey at Maryborough tbis afternoon and deliver a lecture in tbe Wesley Church to-night, as advertised in Saturday's issue. A general meeting of tbe Marybo rough Jookey Club will be held at the Ballarat Hotel on Thursday nlgbt, to take into consideration the advisableness of registering witb tbe Q.T.C. Tbft faot tbat the Bandaberg Club bas already done so, bas no doubt led tbe looal olub to take tbls action. If tbe club registers, tbe pony and galloway raolng must be aban doned, as tbe Q.T.C. will not tolerate it. BaupIiE residents will be pleased to learn tbat as tbe result oT Captain A. Maokeliar's representations wbile in Brie bane, tbe Government will bear nne third of tbe oost of putting tbe Bauple to Tiaro road in good order. Tbls Is most desirable work as very heavy traffic will shortly be passing to and' fro over the road In connection with tbe Bauple Central Sugar Mill. OUR old townsman, Mr. A. D. Harrip, wbo oarried on the business of a cuemiet In Adelaide street for a good many years, and went over to Western Australia a Few years baok, has returned to Queens land. He passed tbrnugh Maryborough on Saturday last, bound for Clermont, where be Is again going into business as a obemist. Mb. Bbady, tbe Government Engineer of Bridges, having reported adversely npon tbe suggestion ol tbe Tlaro Board tbat the new bridge aoross the Mary river should be raised four feet higher than specified in tbe contraot, tbe Minis tsr for Works has declined to alter the original plans. The following Is tbe return and report of the Maryborough Hospital for tbe week ending July 6th Remained from last week, 27 ; Bince admitted, 8 ; total, 30 ; discharged, 6 ; died, 1 ; now remain ing : Males, 18 ; females, 7 ; total, 23 ; [ outdoor patients, 17 ; total treated, 40. Tbe deatb was that of Sarah Lucas, aged 67 years. Mb. J. T. Anneab returned to Brlsbaae yesterday, and as it ia expeoted that tbe address-ln-repiv wilt go to division to day, our senior member should soon be oooupying bis familiar piaos as Chairman of Committees, where be bas only been for a few minutes, so far, since tbe opening of Parliament. There was a little disturbance up Adelaide street, last night, and while Constable Walsh, who went in, was endeavouring to restore quiet, a kanaka boy flourished a knife at him in a threatening attitude. The constable promptly tumbled him over, and subse quently arrested him and locked him up. Toe Maryborough Operatio Society bave decided apon boldlug a plain and fanay dresB ball on August 6th, as a means of augmenting their fands, whiob are at a ratber low ebb at preaenl. Tbe ball-promises to be a brilliant affair. In connection with a report made to us last week that a blackfellow had murdered his gin by chopping her head off, the police have made inquiries at Eureka Station, the alleged scene of the affair, and find that there is no founda tion for the report. Senior Sbboeart Galwiheb pro ceeded td Cbildera ysaterday to give evi dence In tbe adjourned case of F. Wood man for alleged larceny, which oomes on to-day. Skateks are reminded of tbe Carnival to be beld io tbe Albert Hall next Friday nlgbt, under the auspioesof tbe P. and A. Sooiety. . 'OUB new, Clerk of. Petty Sessions, Mr, F. R. Banbury, formerly of 'Rookbamp ton, has arrived, and -will take np Mr. Uacalleter'sworkimmedlately. ' A kanaka has been missing from Yengarie since Saturday, and the police are making inquiries. . Tkb Dletriot Caurt will be beld at Maryborough before Judge Miller on Tuesday, Jnly -16ib. Oub Police Magistrate is at present in Brisbane, enjoying a brief holiday. It is difficult to exaggerate the evil that may be worked upon a nervous child by the tales of ghosts, robbers, bogies, or policemen, with which many children are continuously indulged. The inculca tion of the precepts of religion also too often becomes the means by which terri fying ideas are implanted in the infant mind, much to the disturbance of that peacefulness during the hours of rest which is essential to its normal de velopment. It is pitiful to think of the number of children who instead of dropping into dreamless slumber look forward to bedtime as a time of terror, bury their faces in the bed clothes, and only when exhausted fall asleep, haunted by visions of a constant all-seeing eye, by dread of unending tor ments for each unforgiven, maybe for gotten, little fault, and by fear of light ning and other natural phenomena which they have been taught are instruments of wrath. From all such thoughts the developing brain should be protected. But later on, when education, as it is now understood, begins, the child among whose ancestors neuroses have prevailed requires even more protection, for every influence is often brought to bear to dis turb his mental equilibrium. If he is dull and backward he is punished, if he is bright, intelligent, and precocious he becomes the pride of his teachers, and is set to win scholarships for the glory of his school. In either case he is exposed to the very turmoil of mind from which he should be most protected. — The Hos pital. A Gbafton contemporary announces that Dr. Young, one of tbe medical offloers to tbe Grafton Hospital, bas suc cessfully treated wbat was a moat serious oaseof lockjaw at tbe institution. Some weeks back a lad about thirteen years of age, accidentally received a ont near tbe big toe of bis right foot. He was attended tn by the nursing Btaff nf tbe bnspltal, but qiiite unexpectedly symptoms of lock jaw made their appearance. Dr. Yunng ; was Q&lied; in and determined to save the little sufferer's life if possible by the ap plication of tbe tetanus anti toxlti treat ment. During tbe forty- eight boars of tbe most orltlcai period of tbe boy's ill ness be was constantly attended by eltb»r tbe nurses or tbe doctors aod never onoe left alone. So severe waa tbe case tbat tbe poor lad's feet were drawn np his bftck almost to tbe neok by the contracted sinews. Gradually a abange for the better took plaoe, and to-day yoang Cop pin is able to move abont tbe. grounds unaided by even a stick, although a slight limp Is noticeable, wblob will, however, soon disappear. This is tbe first case In Australia where a patient bas been suc cessfully treated with tetanus anti-toxin. All sorts of anecdotes are told of Beethoven's peculiarities in dnmeBtioand social life — of his ordering dinners and never eating them, of his passing inti mate friends and never heeding them. Sometimes be was subject to no little an noyanoe in tbese absent moods. Onoe, , wben deeply engrossed witb tbe composi tion of a symphony, be wandered out on the ramparts of Vienna, thinking over i the music. He was greatly annoyed to find a host of small boys following and laughing. He warned tbem off, bat they aame again, and tbe compoasr could get no peace to indaige in bis grand thoughts. At length a friend met bim, and reminded him that beiwas destitute or hat and neokolotb. His throat was bare, and bis hair waa blowing aboat io tbe keen east wind. Tbe boya watobed tbe composer and his friend turn hack into tbe olty, when one of the little urchins said : ' There, I told you It was tbe mad Beetboven.' ' Pbe- Newtosians,' says tbe Right Hon John Morley, M.P., in one of bis writings, 'knew not tbe wonders ot wbioh Newton was to find tbe key ; and so we, grown weary of waiting for the master intelligence wbo may effect tne final combination of moral and scientific ideas needed for a social era, may be in clined to iend a half complacent ear to the arid sophlsters wbo assume that tbe last word of civilisation has been heard tn existing arrangements. But we may take courage from history to hope tbat generations wlli oome, to whom oar sys tem of distributing among a few tbe privileges and delights that are prooured by the toll of many, will eeem just as wasteful, just as morally hideous, and just as scientifically Indefensible as that older eystem which Impoverished aod de populated empires, io order that a despot or a caste might have oo least wish un gratified, for wbioh tbe lives or the bard , woo treasure of others ooald eufflae,' The present exhibits some Btrlking accelerations in tbe. English express trains oompared with lO veara ago.' The broad gauge la gone, and tbe 11 Cornish | man' has superseded the ' Dutchman' and 'Zula' as tbe faBteatG.W. train to [Exeter. Tbe timing Is: Paddlngton, I depart, 10-15 a.m.; Swindon, arrive 1142, depart 11 62 ; Bristol, arrive 12'45, depart 13)62 ; Exeter, arrive 2 20. Tbe up leaves Exeter 3*40, abd makes exaotly tbe same time over every eeotion. Witb only tbe two stops 194 miles are covered in 228 minutes, or upward of 61 miles per hour. A train now leaves Birmingham at 8 45 a.m., and readies Euston at 11-10, a speed, with three stops oconpying seven minutes, of 49*1 miles an hour. Tbe London and South Western now runs the 79 miles to Southampton West in 98 minutes without a stop, the 12-30 p.m. down doing tbls at '48'3 miles an hoar. ? The praotlae of taking hot aod ice-oold drinks, especially wbeu alternated at short intervals, as when but ooffee or tea aod I oe- water are taken at meals, tbe care lees use of tbe toothplok, wbicb often Irritates and wounds the gums and causes them to reaede, tbo two free use uf: ertlfiolal sweets, and tbe use of tobaoco, ; are ail oauses for tbe decay of tbe teetb. Tbe most potent^ause, however, eays an i authority, Is thelmk of tbe natural evroiBe ofobewing, whicb'will bring to them a sufficient blood supply to keep tbem solid and Boand. I IN tbe first annual report on the Government Printing Offioe, tbe Govern ment printer suggests discarding the present tabular form of electoral rolls, and tbere sorely (oan be no sufficient reason wby eaob name, with tbe otber partlonlars, ebould not be printed in paragraph form. Tbis, we be lieve, is now tbe praotiee In New Zealand, where tbe rolls are alao of a much more convenient size tban in Queensland, tbe pnget being smaller. 