IN all probability the Assembly will close the second reading debate on the tariff proposals of the Government this evening, and the consideration of each item in detail will then be proceeded with. Judging by the information supplied by the Argus on the first item to be considered, bon. members will be at once brought face to face with one of the very worst of the monopolies which have sprung up under the high tariff. Acid, sulphuric, is the first article to demand attention, and even the remarks and recom mendations of the Tariff Board, brief and moderate as, they are, will indicate, to members the necessity of looking very carefully into the manner in which the Customs restrictions have been taken advantage of in this in stance. The board reported that it had discovered only two local makers, and these were protected at the rate of £5 a ton, and they added:;—“This appears to be a case in which the local makers, aided by the difficulty and ex penses of shipping and a duty of 125 per cent, on the English cost,.have.been able to command an unduly high price,>. to the detriment of other manufac turers. We should recommend that the duty should be reduced to£l per ton.” This recommendation has been adopted by the Government; but, in view of the facts and figures which have been brought under their notice, and which will be found to be borne out by the evidence tendered before the board, members will be justified :in going considerably further. The existing rate has been absolutely pro hibitive of the importation of the acid. According to the board "none has been imported for years;” and meanwhile manufacturers of cor dials, for example, have been paying £lB 13s a ton for it, as against £lO 10s in Sydney, £4 13s 4d in London, and £2 in Germany. . The raw material, which must be imported, costs Only about £5 10s a ton in Melbourne, and thatto quantity yields acid worth upwards of £55 at the Melbourne rate, so that the profits to the monopoly must be enormous. The heavy cost of. the plant, between £12,000 and £15,000, secures them against com petition, but as regards labor the ex penditure cannot be large, seeing that the 14 chemical works of the colony employ only 183 persons, of whom' 40 . are women or girls. - The cost of making a ton of the acid is computed at £4, and the bulk of it is sold, thanks to a prohibitory duty, at £lB a ton, while the New South Wales price is only £lO 10a. Under a special contract the Metropolitan Gas Com pany, of Melbourne, is supplied, it is reported, with the more crude acid at £4 10s a ton,'but to the'outside buyers the rate is as above stated. A powerful trade combination controls the -Victorian market, has its' chemical works at Adelaide, has an amicable arrangement with Sydney'to avert competition,, shares the Tas manian trade with the New South Wales makers, and even “stretches out its long arms to New Zealand,” so that no outside competition is to be feared, and with their local market securely walled in by a 125 per cent, tariff the two local manufacturers went merrily on, netting in the recent busy times, when sulphuric acid was worth £22 per ton, a profit, it is stated, of about £25,000 a year each from this one product! ' Even' now, putting the consumption of the colony at 4000 tons a year, it is estimated that the public pays the two firms £45,000 a year’’for acid which costs only £16,000 a year. For their benefit there is this enormous enhancement of the price of a product which is one of the principal agents in the chlorination process of gold-saving, is very largely used in gas-making, candle-making, aerated water manu facture, in the manufacture of super phosphates for manure, in fellmongery, in hat-making, in brewing, and galvan ising, and is also important to tin smiths, brassfinishers, and goldsmiths. How infinitesimal a proportion the few score of hands employed in the chemical works bear to the number of those engaged in other industries which are so heavily taxed for this requisite will be apparent to everyone. But a single local instance will illustrate the 'monstrous nature'of this monopoly by a wealthy and powerful trade com bination. The representative of Messrs Rowlands and Lewis, giving evidence before the board, said—“ I see that sulphuric acid is £4 a ton in London. I know it is £lO a ton in Sydney, and it is £lB 13s. 4d in Mel bourne. We have used 1500 tons of it. If we were makers in London we would have paid on that £6000; in Sydney we would have paid £15,000; but since we are in Victoria, we have’ paid £27,000 for it.” That is to say, a tax of £12,000 over and above the Sydney rates has been imposed oh a firm that employs far more bands than the chemical monopoly does in making acids,' and which has spent in the same terra £3500 in duty on corks, and been subjected to other heavy imposts without deriving any compensating advantages from the tariff. The mono poly in question is . one that is amply protected in any case by the exceptional difficulties and cost of im porting the acid. These cannot be materially lessened, but the Assembly may well remove the tariff’s prohibition of its importation. The first.item will afford members an opportunity of indi cating whether they intend to deal with the tariff in' the interests of rings, monopolies, abd''corners ' or' of‘the people at large, for the benefit of the few or with regard to the well-being of the whole colony. If the latter is to be the object of their deliberations they should set their- faces once -form al! against snch monstrous imposts as 125 per cent., p.n the, product of .a.cpupl.e.pf: chfemical' manufimtorieaVarid for' the' aggrandisement of. a few individuals at an enormous cost to the public.*' , , Local bodies in various parts pf the colonies are very -properly bestirring .themselves with the object of ensuring a more systematic and effective super vision. of the meat supplies of the colony. The necessity for far greater vigilance in this respect than has been exercised hitherto was-very strikingly emphasised by statements recently made in Melbourne to the effect that within a radius of two miles of that city .there are no fewer than 10 slaughterhouses in which there is practically no supervision whatever. In the year 1894 85,810 cattle passed through the Flemington yards, and of these 36,000 were killed at the city abattoirs, and 49,510 at the other slaughterhouses. About . 1,200,000 sheep a year were killed: in Mel bourne, and of these ’427,000-only wore ; killed under the inspection of the corporation officers, and 773.000 without any inspection at all. During 1894 upwards of 1300 sheep; were condemned in the city abattoirs, Melbourne, which would have been sent out for human consumption but for the system of inspection, and it may be safely assumed that among the 773.000 animals that were not in spected 2000 or 3000 which were unfit for consumption went to the meat markets. Throughout the colony the same unchecked slaughtering of feasts not fitted for human food goes on •to a greater or less*. extent. And in rural districts the need for inspection of cattle and sheep sent to the stock yards and markets is even greater than in the metropolis. Those districts have to consider not only the preserva tion of the public nealth, which is peculiarly dependent on a wholesome meat supply, bnt also the guarding of, local, flocks and herds, from contamina tion*-by diseased stock. In many instances the consequences of the introduction to healthy districts of diseased cattle from other places has been disastrous. Farmers of little experience in connection with stock perchance purchase beasts not only worthless in ;themselves, -but which contaminate., . the'■ healthy, herds or flocks with which they come into contact and" infect the very pastures. Startling evidence has been furnished of late as to thecommunication of some of the most deadly forms of diseases of animals, ’anthrax among others, to human beings and . every living thing coming within reach of infection. It is, therefore, of the utmost importance that ca’ttle or sheep tainted with cancer, anthrax, tubercu losis, fluke, «kc., should be rigorously excluded from every stockyard and market as far as possible, and one of the most effective methods of ensuring this is to render inspections as regular, systematic, and efficient, as may be. How far local arrangements meetthis great need,, or to what extent they maybe improved upon, are questions to which our own councils will no doubt give as. full and careful con sideration as the subject is receiving inf, other parts of the colony, in the inte rests of public health. • It is one off vital importance and demands constant and. watchful attention. Interest in the Legislative Assembly yester day centred chiefly in the contribution of Mr Tncker, M.L.A., to the Tariff debate. The chairman of the Tariff Board, of course, de clared himself to be in favor of a much larger measure of customs reform than his colleague in the representation of Fitrroy; Mr Best (Com missioner of Customs). Mr Tucker, having studied ’ the subject with exceptional diligence in the light of the evidence given before the Board, was able to adduce striking facts and figures illustrating evils that bad grown up under a high tariff, such as the prevalence of sweating, the losses of revenue (which he esti mated at £900,000 in ‘the case of the spirit duties), and the retrogression of the colony as compared with others even in manufacturing. He forcibly urged the House to beware-of utterly killing the commerce of the country and checking its export trade by adherence to excessive tariff charges. Sir John MTntyre also spoke vigorously in favor of moderation at the Custom House. Mr Kirton is to ask the hon. the Minister of Public Works in the Assembly to-day—l. Whether it is a tact that several Ballarat tradesmen-who tendered.for.the improvements now being effected at the local post office were subjected to unnecessary trouble and suspense owing to the delay of the department in making known the successful tenderer. 2. Is he aware that the contract has been let to a metropolitan tenderer, who has brought nearly all his work men from Melbourne to the detriment of local men, many of whom are idle. 3. Does he not think that in view of the excessive State ex penditure in Melbourne, that all' Government work:in the country districts should be re stricted to local competition. ! Yesterday Mr Salter, member, and Mr Gold" smith, secretary of the Hospital committee> waited upon the Premier with a view of obtain ing a special grant to enable that body to carry out the suggestions of the Board of Health with regard to the building of new closets for the Alfred wing. The deputationists were ac companied by the Hon. T. D. Wanliss, M.L.C., and Messrs B. T. Vale, J. W. Kirton, R. M'Gregor, and Ed. Murphy, M.’sL.A. Mr Salter laid the representations of the committee before Mr Turner in the most explicit way, and very clearly detailed the present financial posi tion. The Premier was extremely considerate and sympathetic, but would not make any promises beyond undertaking to discuss the matter with the chairman of the Board of Health and ask him to delay the enforcement of the regulations. Fuller particulars are given in our Melbourne letter. . Mr Graves, M.L.A., has given notice in the Assembly of a motion ambitiously aiming at such, a revision of the electoral laws of the colony as will secure more efficient and economical representation by altering the boundaries of electorates, providing that majorities, and not minorities, shall return members, and that the number of members be reduced to 64. Members of the deputation from the Ballarat Exhibition Commissioners, which yesterday waited upon the heads of the various Govern ment departments, were highly pleased with the result of their visit. “ We have done a splendid day’s work,” remarked the president (Cr C. B. Retallack), as he stepped from the late train, “and our exhibition will be the best yet held outside of Melbourne.” The Minister of Railways (Mr H. R. Williams) promised to do ns previous Ministers had done in regard to the carrying of exhibits, and as on former occasions these were carried free and cheap ex cursions were provided, these concessions will consequently be obtained by the present com mission. The Minister of Public Works and Agriculture (Mr Taverner) readily promised to ' grant a number of exhibits from both of his departments, including a. plant for extracting saccharine from sugar beet and appliances for apple preserv ing, as well as a number of valuable models. These exhibits should be of great in terest and profit to those interested in profit able production and the increase of our exports. Mr Taverner and Mr Davidson, Inspector- General of Public Works, both cordially agreed to do all in their power to ensure success. A visit was paid to the premises of Messrs Welch, Perrin, and Cos., machinery merchants, &c;, and the firm kindly consented to lend a small port able engine, which will be used for supplying motive power for various machines and models. Mr L. L. Smith, chairman of the Melbourne Exhibition, who was met during the day, heartily promised to give all the support pos sible towards bringing the exhibition to a suc cessful issue. Mayor Morey was deputed to wait upon the Chief Secretary at a future date with regard to other requirements. In another column our correspondent supplies a complete report of the deputation’s movements. Mr James Oddie, J.P., who is to lecture on .“Electricity” at the City Hall early in July, intends to lay before his hearers a scheme tor making Ballarat the centre of electrical appli cation in the Australian colonies. He points out that the introduction of electric cock drills, ventilating fans driven by electricity, and the electric light from the top to the bottom of the mines is quite practicable. The expense of in ■ Itroducing the'fanr, Mr Oddie considers, would not be half that entailed by the placing of Root’s blowers. Motive power for the tram ways could also be obtained, but of course at some expense. Mr Oddie points out that the excessive Customs duties on dynamos and elec trical appliances—about 37 per cent.—are a great barrier to progression in this re spect. So constantly are further discoveries being made in. connection with this—the .greatest of all. known natural forces—that during last year 1200 patents for electrical inventions of various kinds were applied for in 'England alone. The' municipality of Black pool recently floated a loan of £75,000 to light the town, and, although there are only 30,000 inhabitants, the electric trams run by the cor poration carried nearly a million passengers— including thousands.of visitors —at a cost of ! s'Cld per mile. Mr Oddie is procuring a large number of beautiful slides, illustrative of elec trical development here and elsewhere. The various kinds of cars and motors used in Great Britain and America, and their method of working, will be completely illustrated, and several slides will be shown exhibiting the operations of the American Electrical Traction Company in Madras, where a fine system was perfected in December last. ' The lecturer has a wonderful amount of information at com mand, and, being regularly posted up as to developments in the application of electricity in all directions, will be able to both interest and instruct his hearers. Mr Oddie, at the invitation • of the council of. .the Gordon College, will lecture in Geelong on the 2Sth inst. At the City Police Court yesterday two per sons who had been arrested for drunkenness were discharged with a caution. One of the delinquents made a contribution to the poor box. John Richard Paul proceeded against George Scobie and Thomas Jones for using abusive language towards him. The com plainant, who is a farmer, stated that on the 7ch June he saw the defendants schooling, horses at Miners’ Rest, He told Scobie that he had broken his fence, and asked him to repair it. Scobie then commenced to abuse him, and Jones also used bad language. After hearing the evidence of the defendants and a witness named Frederick Rowe, a majority of the bench decided that the offence had been committed, and imposed a fine of 20s against each defendant, with £2 9s Gd .costs. For damaging the complainant’s fence Scobie was ordered to pay 3s. Mr Lazarus, who appeared . for the defendants, applied for a stay of exe cution in each case for 14 days, to allow the the defendants to appeal. The application was granted. Mr Pearson appeared for the complainant. A number of debt cases were also dealt with by the conrt. Messrs Acheson, Longhurst, Cooke, and M’Naught, J’s.P., pre sided. Considerable excitement was caused in Humffray street, near Brown Hill, on Monday night, by the presence of a supposed new form of “ ghost.” Constable Stewart noticed two women leaning against'a fence for support, and in answer to questions they said that they had’ been scared by a man in woman’s clothing, whom they pointed out. The constable crossed the road and stealthily approached the individual indicated, who made off at a good pace. The officer followed, and soon caught the,runaway, who proved to boa woman. She said she was waiting for her daughter, and ex plained that she ran because she thought that the constable was the “ ghost.” “The Land Tax Register and Valuation for Victoria” as on Ist June last has been issued in the form of a bulky Government Gazette supplement of 2350 pages of- moat elaborately compiled tabular matter. Pride of place in the list is held by “The Hon. Sir William John Clarke, Bart., M.L.C., area 135,933 acres, value £271,816, sum payable £1098;" Messrs Ghirnatde’s contribution of £BB5 for Werribee Park being the largest of the other single items, and the late. Sir Samuel Wilson’s sheep pro perties are assessed at about £130,000 and taxed at £7OO per annum. A remarkable action was commenced at the City Police Court yesterday, when Frederick E. House proceeded against his wife, Ada House, and a man named George Hoy, to recover £2l 5s 7<l, money alleged to be due for work and labor dona. Mr J. B. Pearson ap peared for the complainant} and Mr F. H. Tuthill for the defendants. In opening the case, Mr Pearson said the parties to the suit formerly resided at Bendigo. . The husband left the wife, and she then lived with the other de fendant. House subsequently ’ came to Bal larat, and Mrs House and Hoy went to Mel bourne. Mrs House wrote to the complainant, and suggested that he should go into partner ship with the man who was living with her, and she would supply the money to start them iu business. House did not agree to this, but had an interview with his wife in Ballarat, Eventually the three parties resided ■ to gether, in Skipton" street. The husband ‘would not go into partnership with the male defendant, and so the wife did herself. Honse, who- was * builder by trade/ did most of the work for the firm, and practically managed the business. “6 now claimed £6 for carpenter’s work, and hU tor managing the business. He gave them credit for £l l4s fid, which he had received from cus tomers; There was a counter claim against the complainant for £44 19s fid, which included moneys lent to him to go to Western Australia, . for board and lodging, and for clothing, &c.; , Mr Tuthill said the defence was that the hue- : band could not sue the wife, that there was no • work done, and that the complainant was never ; the servant.of, or manager for, the defendants - as alleged, and there was. nothing due to him. As the case threatened to bristle with law points the magistrates decided to adjourn it | until Friday, when the police magistrate will j be present. | A serious burning case, in which a child of j three named Charles Frederick Bennett was tlja victim, occurred at Edward street, Sabas- ] topol, • yesterday afternoon. The mother left ; the little fellow in the kitchen while she went; to a neighbour’s for a washing tub, and during j her absence the child commenced to play with 1 the fire, with the result that his clothes became ignited. Mrs Bennett returned to find the ' unfortunate little creature enveloped in flames | and screaming in agony. She threw a blanket - around him and quenched tho fire, but not ! before the child was terribly burned about the i body, legs, and arms. The little fellow now 1 lies in the Hospital in a precarious condi- j tion. Messrs Gale, Turpie, and Josephs, J’s.P., ] attended at the Town Police Com I yesterday 1 and dealt with two debt cases. 1 Last night the annual dinner in connection ■ with the Ballarat Rowing Club took place at Pobjoy’s Unicorn hotel, and proved tho- : roughly enjoyable. The dining hall had been I decorated in artistic fashion under the skilful | supervision of the hostess. The huge mirrors ; were richly draped with the colors of the club, ; which were noticeable in all the adornments. - Among features of the decorations were the floral devices, which consisted entirely of I red and white heath, specially gathered | for the occasion. The chair was oc cupied by the president, Cr _J. Heinz, | and there was a very large gathering. Appro- 1 priate toasts were enthusiastically honored, and a number of songs and recitals were well given. During the evening tho president, on behalf of the members, presented the secretary; - Mr Geo. Tonner, with a very handsome silver tea and coffee service, the largest piece of which bore the following inscription : —“ Pre sented to Mr Geo. Tonner for untiring energy as hon. sec. of the Ballarat Club and Regatta Committee.” In making the presentation the chairman referred in felicitous terms to the recipient’s genial and generous disposition, and to the painstaking and obliging way |n which he had attended to his secretarial duties. Mr Tonner briefly but suitably replied. A large number of young fish, principally perch and trout, have been taken to Mildura by Mr C. Taylor, of the Ballarat Fish Ac climatisation Society, for the purpose of stock ing the waters of the irrigation colony. The annual sale of work in connection with St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill, will be opened on Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, and also on Friday at the same hour. An immense variety of useful articles will be on sale. Numerous entries have already been made for the cooking and flower competitions. Refresh ments will be supplied in the Japanese tea room.. There will be vocal and instrumental music each afternoon. On Thursday evening Mr Datson and pupils will give orchestral selections, and on Friday Mr H. Denniston and friends will form the orchestra. The charge for admission will be fid, to be returned in goods. Captain Marsh made his half-yearly inspec tion of the City Brigade accoutrements last night. The men turned out in large numbers and their appearance was highly creditable. At the meeting of tho Ballarat Sparrow Club last; night a letter was received from Messrs M’Micking and Cos., of Little Collins street, Melbourne, agents for the Amberite powder, offering a trophy value £lO 10s for competition among the members of the club. The firm also stated that they would give 100 cartridges to every winner of a “ leg in” during the competi tion. The meeting instructed the secretary to write to Messrs M’Micking, thanking them for their generous gift. ■ The conditions for the competition, &c.;, will probably be drawn up at the next meeting. On Friday and Saturday next there will be no shooting for a trophy. The secretary reported that the arrangements for tho £lOO Pigeon Handicap, to be shot off on the 27th inst., the day before the Miners’ races, were in a forward state, and that a num ber of prominent shots had signified their in tention of competing. The nominations will close bn Saturday next. Mr J. D.'Woolcott, J.P., yesterday held an enquiry touching the death of an inmate in the Wendouree Lunatic Asylum' named Henry Jackson, which occurred suddenly on Monday night. The medical testimony showed that the man died from ruptnre of the heart and the magistrates gave his finding accordingly. ' The mission services at present being con ducted by the Redemptorist Fathers at St. Patrick’s Cathedral and St. Alipius Church, Ballarat East, are invariably attended by large congregations... The Rev, Fathers Hegarty and i TJurke officiate at the CathbeValj and -the Rsv. : ' Fathers Hunt and Pigeon at St. Alipius’. The services at. St. Patrick’s this week are for women only, and those of next week will be for men. , The. St. Paul's Church of England ance Society meeting was largely attended last evening. . The vicar, the Rev. X. Tapley Short, M.A., occupied the chair. A first-class pro gramme ofisnngs, piano solos,- and recitations was rendered byMiSseslmray'(3),'Mark, Eddy, Carter (2), Barnett, Ludbrook, and Dubberlin, and Messrs Imray, Upton, Ludbrook, and Woodger, together with some choruses pleas ingly sung by the temperance choir, under the leadership of Miss Ludbrook. Addresses in keeping with the meeting were delivered by the vicar and Mr W. Turton, diocesan secretary. Miss Barnett acted as accompanist. The meet ing closed with the benediction after some present had signed tbs pledge. An elderly man named James Simpson was arrested yesterday by .Constable Wall on a charge of stealing a coat, value 12s fid, the property of Messrs I. and J, Roll, Post- office place. When arrested the accused was just leaving Mr Levy’s pawnbroking establishment, where he had disposed of the coat for 4s. Simpson, who is a bootmaker by trade, stated that he was out of work and hungry, or he would not have committed the theft. Members of tbs Ist Battalion 3rd Victorian Regiment desirous of attending the parade in' Melbourne on Friday evening next are re quested, to give in their names at the Orderly Booms as soon as possible. A letter has been forwarded to the Town Council by the secretary of the Ballaratshire Council, asking the council to co-operate in a deputation to the Minister of Railways with a view to getting suburban fares charged to all places within a 20 miles radius of Ballarat. The letter will be dealt with at the next meet ing of the council. Mr W. Little, Government auctioneer, will sell this morning, at 11 o’clock, at his office, 54 Lydiard street, Crown lands in fee simple. A correspondent has forwarded to us, as an evidence of progress in the little hamlet of Menzies, about 150 miles beyond Coolgardie, Western Australia, a programme of a “ Concert in aid of a Local Hospital in Lydiard and Graham’s new storeroom, Friday night, May 24.” The programme is in manuscript, the district not having attained to the printing age, and the performers, like the audience and the entire population of the locality, were all of the sterner sex.. They comprised, however, a flautist and violinist, step-dancer, comiques, sentimental singers, and elocutionists, who were able to give a varied and well-selected programme, which showed that the infection of the London music halls had spread even to this region in the far interior of Australia, for “ We don’t know 00 ’a are ” was the local adaptation of; a familiar selection typical of the favorite class of song at those places. At- Menzies a “Smoke-oh! 15 minutes,” took the place of this stereotyped “ interval,” and the little com munity of bachelors and temporary’ divorcees, utterly bereft of the charm of feminine society, was taunted by the following footnote to the programme:—“N.B.—Perambulators are not permitted in the hall. Families can be ar ranged for. Camels may be ordered for 10.30.” _Mr Glover, the temperance advocate, last night delivered his lecture, “ The liquor traffic : can it be regulated ?” before a good audience at the Pleasant street schoolroom. Whilst Edison’s wonderful kinetoscope is still regarded as a novel curiosity in America, it has found its way to Australia,' and from to-day onwards the great invention will be exhibited at the Academy of Music, commencing at 12 noon, . There is something startling in this new wonder of the age. It may be said to do for the eye what the phonograph did for the ear— placing before the astonished gaze figures faith fully reproduced in .active motion, with every individual characteristic evident, just as the phonograph brings to the ear the peculiar timbre of the musical or vocal sounds it has caught. The following subjects will be on ex hibition to-day, viz., “ Carmenoita,” the great Spanish dancer;-“ Caicedo,” the famous wire walker; “The blacksmith’s forge," the Mexican duel,” and the exciting “ Cock fight.” The exhibition will be open to-day from 12 noon till 10 p.m., and the admission will be one shilling for the whole show. The services held yesterday afternoon and evening at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church in connection with the O’Donnell-Archer mis sion were again largely attended. In order to vary their fortnightly entertain ments, the committee of the South street society have engaged a company of professional artists . Monday night., Amongst those who will take part are—Mr Oliver White, manager ot tno A.N.A. entertainments, Bendigo, and a clever mimic, ventriloquist, banjoist, and comedian; Mr Tom Margetts, a popular comic singer; and Mrs J ones, a well-known Bendigo vocalist, who will be assisted by her dan.i,* m duets and pianoforte selections Th« 6f ' mittae are bavin* the stave painted corated, and footlights will ha intrnrtn d j- The full programme will appear in Saturdavt issue. . •"mruay *. A- special meeting of the Ballarat tt™ cultural Society was held last night for the nni' pose of revising the schedule for the ensuiov spring, autumn, and chrysanthemum show, It was decided that aU , plants exhibited mS be pot grown. It was also decided that ™ person residing more than five miles from FUt larat shall be allowed to exhibit in class thr» ' Several minor alterations were also determinV/i on. A.musical programme was arranged for the show to be held m November, the comwK tion to be on similar lines to that at th»w We are informed that the combined schools of Ballarat East and West are nreosm ing another concert-in aid of the funds of th. Ballarat Orphan Asylum -at a very eariy John Robson, the popular conductor of the Ballarat Liedertafel, accompanied hv English, Mr Jas. Magrath, and MrR.N West, went to Bendigo on Monday (savs tho Bendigo Advertiser), and were met ft,™ station by Mr D. B. Lazarus, M.P™V aid "? of the Bendigo Liedertafel, officers of committee, and escorted to the Citv Family hotel. During the evening thev visited the rehearsal room of the tion where a very full muster of members was undergoing the finishing touches at the hands of the conductor, Mr T. A. Crook, Mr R. M. West, the leading bass of the Ballarat Society, will give his rendition of ‘‘The Desert,’’-for which ha bears an enviable repn'ta tion. Taking the concert altogether the enter tainment is certainly deserving of a packed house, and we trust our Ballarat visitors will be favorably impressed with the appreciation of the Bendigo public in tho matter of attendance and welcome. Tenders for the supply of provisions to the Government institutions in the Ballarat district have been accepted as follow:—Brondstuffs 4 Goddard; butter and cheese, T. W. Ottawa/, groceries, W. Miles and Cos.; meat, Heinz Bros.; soap and candles, R. Hall; potatoes R Hall. ’ ‘ | It is understood .that, two or three Ministers :• of the Crown will be present at' the forth ; coming mayoral ball. I Plain-clothes Constable Rogerson yesterday ! arrested J. W. • Russell on a warrant of com , mitment charging him with neglecting to comply with an order made by the Bungarea \- Police Court a few weeks ago for the payment i of 10s per week for the support of his wife. ! Russell was lodged in the local gaol. | The question which the adoption of the new | arrangement between tho Colonial Bank and \- its creditors naturally suggests ( as y a the Ag;) is as to how far it will influence reconstructed banks, who still have to pay 4} per cent, to i their deferred deposit receipt holders. Our j contention has been for months that until some j thing is done, first in the way of obtaining a ; reduction in the rate of interest, and second in ' tho extension of time for repayment of ptin , cipal, the existing fears as to the future will not |be relieved. The Colonial Bank has set the 1 example, and will doubtless benefit largely at ; the expense of other institutions-.similarly J placed, but who have not so far made any 1 move in the direction taken. The balance sheets of every bank, whether reconstructed or ' not, afford ample evidence that the present ' earning power of money has been largely re duced, and hence to keep up the interest paid for its use cannot but in the long run end in ; further losses being mads. The action taken { by the Colonial Bank should suggest to other : institutions the desirability of following the j example at no distant date. | ' The friends of Mr Frizon, of Peel street, j will be pleased to learn that his daughter is progressing favorably from the effects of her recent accident. j “ Star.”—You should consult a lawyer. | The City branch A.N.A. will meat to- night. Election of officers. I The Davitt lecture executive committee will ; meet to-night, Alfred Hall, 8. I The Rev. D. O’Donnell will address the- Women’s Prayer Union to-morrow afternoon, 3\. Sacred solos will be sung by Mr Archer. 1 The third term at University College, Camp street, Ballarat, will commence on Tuesday,. IGthJuly. ) Messrs Richards and Cos., the well-known photographers, of Sturt street, announce that : that they give a permanent life-size enlarge : ment, beautifully framed, for 10s. | Special night shows of evening goods are ad- I vertised for this week at Campbell’s Brunswick House, drapery warehouse. Mr- Glover will give an address at the Sebas | topol Town Hall to-night on “ Hard times and ' how to mend them." I Mr M. Hutchinson, Melbourne, has aent m j copies of “The Young Man,” and “The j Young -Woman”—both excellent. Mr J. T. Walker, furniture and piano ware : house, Dana street, advertises the best fnrni j ture at lowest prices for cash or on very easy Messrs Davies and, Franklin, bicycle and ! gun makers, Sturt street, announce that they i have just landed . a shipment of bicycles, tricycles, &c.;’ ; - : The firm invite inspection of their stock." ’ • ' The half-yearly meeting of the City branch .A.N.AI takes place to-night. In addition to the' election of officers, a number of- important items appear on the business sheet to be dealt with, and it is hoped every member who can possibly do so will attend. 