LOCAL AND GENERAL. Wo uodoratmri tint MrL, Moore yc#ior- day roiigooil bin mat on the Dvonport Tow a Board. Mr Mooro was ono of tho boardmto whom peat becomes vacant in April. The ad j -.or nod matting of tho L&trobo; Water Trust, wbioh was to bare bcon hold oa Monday ovening, was agrin adjourned till Moody next, to unable nlhtnombors In be prw»ut, for tbo purpose of striking the aaatal rate, &o.; During tho Hat week lh« grain has ripened cooeidt rab'y, and though during the last fortnight haymaking has engaged the attention of farmers, tho nuchfnts have now to be usid in catllog the tarly grain orops. Several orops of oata have already been out within a fow milieof Ulveretone (writes oar Gorroapondont).fand many more will eome down during th« next fow days. On Tuesday (writeH our travelling ru- prisentativo) I Ind tho pleasure of vieiting Mr John Raid's sawmill, at Atbotshnm wbero the hands are busily employed io cutting eome fine stringy bark logs Into ptvlng . timber for tho English market. twolve sftwmillers each agreed to eund not less than 6000ft of paving btooke to Eng land as a trial ebipinont, and these are to go from Devoaport by tho e.s, Fukaki to fiydoey about, tho end of Januiry, for transhipment to London. Mr ReM lus n good deal of his timb?r cut, and will send about 10,000ft ia nil, so that If theoriier millore eaoh send 00 much the shipment will bo a large ons. Tbo blouk4 will be sent In long longtbp, and ean be ost into tbe rrquireil lengths on arrival at their dre'lnation. Tho;e tint Mr Reidleeend- lag comprieo a ruraarkab'y gosd lot of timber, frin from oraoks and uey other fault, and if tho o'hers all exorcise ns mech oire tho ih! aunt should realise tip-top prices. BtuoIy sveryone 00 the Ooaet will wiBh the venture lucoies. An elderly man named Joseph Kritb, while following hie da'ly duties us a ewep at Tjitrohn. mat with n v#rv nuutv accident on Tuesday. While engaged cleaning a obimney be fell, and coming in eontaot with the bars ef the grate, freotared h'n collarbone. Theoutoomo of a challenge advertised la our last isane wae a ptuilistio encounter —fortunately of only a few minutes' du_ ration,— which took phoo at tbo Dovonpor; railway Btatbo shortly after tho departure 0t ibo midday train for Ulvrretone on Tuaeday. The challenged party did not wait for the arraagouannt of the uinnt pro- kmloariee nf a boxing match, bit " wint for his rival without a moment's warning. The latter dueund it advisable to inako himself scaroe after a fow biowB bad beau Htrsok, but promised to meet hie aisaitant later oa. A very enjoyable and instructive enter tainment was glvon on Monday evening iu St Patrick's roboolroom, Latrobo, in aid of tho ohurch building fund. Th room was very tastefully decorated, the graceful fronds of ftrn bolng con pieuois. The stage, also, was vory flaboraUly get up, tho deooratlens of fliwars an I feme blend ing barmonicuily with a pretty saenio baokgrouad, a eorern of red and blue ear- mounted by a guidon motto on a gauze ground, concealing the wholo HI) tbe be ginning of the en erlainiuoQt, wbioh took (ha (thurut of n Innlnra. i«ntilU(i. " Alt (V.n> ing with Tom H'od," deliverod by Mr Gye, of Launceston. Mr Murray, M.U A , presided and briefly introdnoid tbo lecturer, roferriog to the good work done in the diatriot by tbe Hot Fathers Noons and Oorcenn. Mr Gyo in a fow sentenctB showed hew ll.tlo "Tom Hood" was known in the oolonise, comparatively, nnd reforicd to tho recent growth of his popu larity in the older countries. Tom Hood's genius was very frooooirua. Ho wroto when at tho ego of 13, and when tn his teens ho edited a newspaper. Ho gained a great reputation as a ocmio writer, and esed to contriluto to London "Pooch." He was aleo ka«wn as un inveterate punster. He was a great philanthropic, and had n wauinnM heart, By his " Gong of thu shiri" be did more than bid been done by any single man for tbe amelioration of tbe burdebipi of tha ebirtmakuri, who uiod to ruooivo the sum of Is 2d for eaoh shirt they tuudd, having to find everything bef the linen. Iu his ' Bridgo of sighs" lie taught peoplo to look more benevolently On those who were as unfertunatu as the sereon alluded te in that poem. Hid poem, ' Mary's ghost/' was productive of an aot of Parliament eoppreeiiogbody-eoatdhiog. Tom Hood hated bypoorley, and be showed tms in lus poem, " Domietics aetde." Hood died at the age of 46. in the year 1845,' having been born in 1709. Dating the evening Mr Gye ruoitod the poem referred te, and (several others. He also read l( Tbe dream of Eugene Aram/ AU tbe poems were rendered ia excellent style, nnd wero duly appreoUted. At the ocnoluBion Mr Haray propojed a vote of thanks to the iectnrcr and Father Noons to the ohair nan, both votuu being oarried by acolama- tivn. At tbe Eaat Devoaport Pollre Court yerierday, before P. 0. Maxwell, Eeq, P.M., and J . Powell, Esq, J P., A. Phillips collector for tho Harford and Terupleton ttvad Trait, prosoeded against several per- one for nugleotlog to pay their ratee, but, as tbo amounts had been paid, the casee were withdrawn. In caina v. Frank Hall, tbe defendant ploadud not indebted. Armor Flump stated that the defendant had failed te pay the rates on property whioh ho occupied. QrufiS-examiued : IMiored defendant bad been in oeoupation of tho placo abost June 8, 1894. Pmallbon was thy previous occupier. The defendant utaUd that be wau not iu ocoapatioa until fiepteinbo". Tbe comptainant eaM that ho hid sent a demend te Broallboo, and In September bo met him, end he informed witness that the nlaoe was then in the ooanpation of Hall. Witnees then sent n demand to defendant.— Tbe Bench eaid defendant was liable, but under the cir. oaimtauoii the ooiti wonid be romitted. At tbe Latrobe Polios Court en Tuesday a number of .persons wero proceeded RguiLBt for the non-payment of water r&tea.; \Y. H. Mencu and W. N. Paton (both of wbcm failed to appear) wore ordered to pay the fall amounts claimed, with coatB ; iu default, distress. Twe cases were adjoarnud to tbe 29:b init, to enable dofendaola (who were away) to appear. Io n nuui:«r of elhur oeee tho coats were remitted, the defendants having paid the amosnis. Tho many fritmisof Mrs J. fiykos will bo glad to huar that th-t lady h surely, if elewly, rcoovoring, BI10 iu etill weak. On Tuosday rhe hid a ohttngo fer the worse, but yesterday was oonridrably bettor. She cannot swallow yet, and is stilt t offer ing from tbo fhook she rroelved. On Tuoiday (writes our travelling re presentative) I viiitod Mr W. B. Bulton's faun, near Ulrcratone, for tlio Drat time far tomu firo yeira, and wa btruok with tho iuiprovtuionts madeduriug the interim A tot of land that fivu yeara ago was hubh la now oloared, and ii eodor either gross or arop. Thj farm, wbioh la workod by Mr Bntton and his two com, uppiars to be in hotter trim tbau of aid. and oil the crops thiiyoar aro good. Ooo paddockof about 16 aorrs of oats has just been cut for hay, and thli will yiuid vory eloso on thre tons to the aoro all uver, 10 heavy his boon tbe crop. Thero uro alio several other iHri- docke of oats, alt of which will iaoa be roady to « ut, whi'u tho potato orop, judging from a distance, promises oxouvdiegiy well. Tbu feed on tbe above farmappatB to he abundant, and the stock look well On the adjoining farm (whish I was in. formed was owned by Dr MoOall) I uotlccd a fine crop ef oats just ont, and wbioh sliou'd turn cut a handaeuio yivld. Id goiog up tbe Qastra road, and raUMin be log it aa it waj flro years ago, I uotiotd ooneidorabL improvements on many of tbe farms, and also that a ooasldcr&bU;' tu:a of bush has been sorubbed and laid down in grass, while a good many pad dooke havo been oleared and are now ooder orop. On the other Innd, I saw one piece of land near BpaiforJ that five years ago wae ooverod with a fine orop of grass wbioh now beam nothiog but a dense young eorob of thver wattles, of about 20 to 80ft high, which, though pretty enough, is not payable to the oworr. At Abbotsham thero are sotui grand orope of oste thq will yield heavily, but tho wheat crops (which, however, aro not numerous) aro not propuitiountoly good.. laleonotioid a crop of barley, hut tide was so mixed with oats and rubbish that it will tako a lot of cloaaiog when throbbed. Adj doing tho Abbotkham Poet Offioe Mr £uui Haydun wae buy oleaniug a largo quantity of English grass-seed, roapoJ|und tbresbod on tho hill near by, and tbe sAtnpio appusra to bu olean, heavy, and bright. I also while at Abbotsham was invitod to vtrit Ar Swifto's gardon, wlnrj iiowors, 6bru!jJ( vfgetftbiee, and tmaU fruits grow In pro fusion. For th« quality uf tin goose berries I oan vouch. Mr Swlfio witl have a fine display of ohrysanthememe lator on, a3 ht bis a gnat variety, and alt are grew log well, and being taken Bpjoial care of. At Spulford I nnttoed that Mr G. Ding ham'e orchard of considerable extent pro mises an rxoellsnt return of apples and pears, the troos boing ladon with healthy- looking fruit. On Mr Bingham, ten's farm the wlnat is not bo hoavy ae usual but tha oate promise a good average yield. On tbe Redbouroo Estate feed leoka first- class, but thero is not mauh orop in. A small orop of poia near tbu homestead !o»ks ae heavy bb it te poesiblu for a orop to grow, white a late planted orop of poti- teos, whioh ore btlog billed on, looked bright and healthy, but, of oourse, tho yield will to a very groat ix'.eut depend oa tbe weather. A late planted orop on th? the noxt farm promises very poorly, aa nearly half the sola mined. The anniversary eerviore in connec tion with the' Snnday lohool of 8t L'ike's Oliircb, Latrobe, were bold on Bunday, at 11, and 3, and 7. On uaob occasion tbu ohnrch Wi crowded to txoee!>, addhional state having to be obtained for the oven ing service The oubjiot uf tbe morning ssrmon wa "Learning Christ," and that in the evoting, "The love of God " Tho eurmon?, which were preached by tbe In cumbent, the Rev \V. Ho?g, woro very iuetrootlvo and impressive. Tbe sieging of the children woe excellent, epeoiul hymns being nstd. Mr 8. Purdy presided at the orgtn. Jn the afterooou the prizes were prenvnted to Ihu children fer the year's work. T« those (scholars who had given up their prize i« ail of inlsri«n work, ... M,UC. by the superintendent, Yr NV. A. Whitaker, i- coinmuunralion of thuir offerings. At tbe ontolnaion ths incumbent, 01 briulf of the Sunday school and offi'ere, expreesed ilnoere rogret at the iivsranaa of the enporhitendent frcm school work, Mr Whitaker suitably re<tpond«d. We underAttnd that the esmmiltee for carrying out tbo Eapfanide-Sproyton road have at lungth agroed to sign tho form&| notice ef the appointment of Mr W, E, Bovili as sole arbitrator in the dispute with Msssra 0, K. Rheard & Oo, telativo te tbo centraot. The one will probably be heard withii a few days, Tbe Friendly, tioeletiea at Dovenport have already takon Hops with a view to holding the annual demonstration on Easter Monday. Tho Prutestaat Allianoo Lodge and tbe looal order of Oddfellows have IRDoifihii HoUmUi, tn nnnfnr tn IKa matlor, and an invitation baa been sent to thv Becluhito T\nt to appoint ropTisonta- tivse, It is purposed this yearuot to have any pubtiuan'e booth, the mocliou of whi-'b at the last affair oauslng fin Rzohibites to stop out, Tho work of watering tho principal etreote of Latrobe on dusty daye has been taken in hand, and it Is hardly nossesnry to say that it has already proved a boon to business ptople whose prtmins front on the main streets. A didaitrois fire broki oat in a six roomed house, tbe proporty of Mr A, JeweU, en the Coalmine Flat, lat on Saturday night or early en Sunday morn ing. The building bad only recently boen completed, and was situated seme liitlo distance btok from tbe road. Thero wae 00 furniture in the bnilding, but eome toote, valued at £10, were destroyed, Tbe builder of the bouie, H. Biggins, had it insured for £120 in tho Royal Insurance Company, bat on Saturday tho poiloy waa tranaterrod to Mr Jewett. The lose is satimatsd at £200. The origin of ths lire is niknown. The ojiUruotors are pusliinu on w'rii riis work of forming nnd moiuUI' g Wenvoo street, West D«vonp«t. A good portion of tho metal has boon ooinptutcd, nnd thora h ovory praipect of ilia wo k bring fUisbod within the uontraot timo. Tho Davonfort Tonnis O.rii his auln cotuinonoed p notice, in untiolpatlon of somo m.UclicB, On Saturday eoiuo of tho inembmB will piobnbly procood to La'.rob, whore a frlundly gnme will be played, A bolt ocourrud at Latrobo yeritrJay afternoon, but It was not of a serious mUro. A horse, with diay attached, and d ivon by a young lad, bolted up Gilbert (trust at a groat rule, but fortunately was brouuht to a standbtill before am damage wae done. , A few daye ngo a large tnake was notioud on a vacant alio mont at Knit Dovenport, hut got safely to.lt abo'Jo I s- foro it conld ho captnrcd. However, soiuo youngftord laid a trap for h'l enakusblp Tliey obUicod a eauoor of tnilk, nudi plaoing it nuar Ilia hole, atmed thoinuelvee wi h sticks, and kept a fehort dlnanoe nway. Tue dodgo wae suoceasful, ae the tnak oame bnt, and while onj ying the mi-k tho youngsters dispatched It. - 9 he iu«n, John Berrv, who had hie jaw broken iu a brawl at Ulverstono on Sun day uvening, was taken to tho .Lannceeton Qcsjiital on Tuveday. Oonsidorablo eoniatton .has I eon oooa uloncd (say a P<rth telngrnm) by tha proaeoutiou of a number of bookmaker for hetliog on thn Woetorn Auetrallan Turf Olub raoocour 0 und otsuwhere oon Police Act. William Henry Boardiuan< who made a bet on the oeuree with a p'ain. 0 o-hes oeua'ablu, wae fined the minimum penalty of 4«, and was further fined Is for issuing a oar.l inviting subsoriptions on tho raos. Tho proiocution aga'nit two boiktuakors far batting io thrir own es, tHbli-lmien'h broke down. Mr Laike, wh0 dufondud in oou of the |o.uop, mado eotue oausUo cornm-ntu on tue faot th«fct high ffijiah, inctii'Mog ih Prouiler, Attornry. Gsnoral, PorimatT-Goneral and several members of the Legislative Council, -who woro a'i'ged to have mado be's, word si- lowi-t to go fr«e. He olro pointed out the faot that 'll Leia'alaro ia deuiring tQ make tin totalizator the sole moans of boi'ijg bad made nil he's on tbe mauhine jllogni. Mr Oowuu, P.M., wai u'se uuvtre upon tbf authorities in his'reiUAtka. .Particulars of tha blowing up of tbo Japonore tranaycrt Masayoabi Muru (fir- merly the Briiish oteamer Neator) in Kobe harbor hive buon reosived. The transport bad on board aotno 700 ociolie, 200 aoldiero arid a coneldorablu cargo, including explo- sives of all ktodu in largu quauti y. It was kx-.'soilingly foriuntte that tbu soldiers woro on boird, otherwise tho pinto among the ooolios must certainly have oautod torribU lorn of life. As U wau, thorojvuro uuij ut« MvttiiiB iruui urewoiag biiu zruiu falling into boits ; but practically no gcode could be stvod, exoopt what eaoh man carried on hi hick. - After detailing th oauo of tha cttbrvak and "he plucky efforts mado to got tbo fire under, the ao- count says " Wh-n ill bad iefc in boats crowded to twioo their normal limit, nnd io some oases wi b tho additional burden of ooolio who h&d.jampod; lato the wotor and buug on io desperation, the explosions began. Oni brilliant glaro shot skyward aa if fr« m a big kerosene tank ; a fierce pyroteclmi) rxhibition soon afterwards came from cartridge and rickets, nod, last of all, about 10 30 p.m., the fire mutt havo reached a large store of dyuami'u or torpedo)?, for a magnifioant ooluiun of fire row into tbe tilcud?, illummhg the very hoiizgn liko the run iteolf, and a roar that, shook tho ships in tbe distanno m&iked; tbe end of tho fi'o. The foro part of tbo ibipwont nndor water, shattered hut not completely torn off ; tho after f «rt re- malnoj, saved by the engino-room bulk- bead, and Mill holding to the anchor. Tbe flimeo fliokored abont tbu bridge for hoa s after, bnt could not rraoh tho riutof tho ship Io tho morniog, ni tbe Toyul etoaraod away 1 1 Ta-lisn wu eaw Eamyzne and launches morins about whit was left of tho Ma»nyorii1, of which not a veetlgu waa visible forward of tho bridge." Tbo London Observance liooiuty (says the Leaden corru'-pondeat of " Tho Ag«") has had anethor very ecvoro snub, this timo from tbe Qourt of Appeal. Tbeso over zealous Rabbatarians took proceedings aga;net a selicitor who was aoting for tbo Uquiit tor of a bankrupt ball at Leeds to rvoover penalties for hie having lot tbe bnilding to the Leide Hnoday Lootnro Society, who had arranged for a coureo of high cl&is; luclurc, for which a oharge was made for admieion. Tho action was tried last oltting, nnd tha Sabbatarians got a tfchnical verdict, tbe jory adding a rider that in thrir opinion tbo sta-nte under which tho ootien was brough ought to be repeated, But tha judge buforo whom the case was tri-d direoted judgment 10 bo entered for tbo duffindant on tho ground that they were not tlio keepers of the hall or the managers of the enUrtala- menli given thero, and this deoleion was upheld by tbe Oourt ef Appeal, whioh, in addition, took ocoaeion to eay somo v"ry plain things abont tbe spirit which Ind aotuetcd tho eooiah's preooedings, end told them that if thuy thought people had bettor frequent publio houios than lcoturo roorni on the Sunday they should tnke eare that they enforced obsolete statutes against the right men. Even the Lord'e Day Oberrvano) 6ori:ty onght to bo oonvioced by lliit timo that it i laapoesible to enforce b'abbatarlanhm ly hzavy penalties in dtfianoo of publio opinion. Mr 0. J. Hilier (who established him self at Devonport somo nioo yean baok) in another oolnmn onnounoes that ho oarrlcs on baeioes as architect mi builder, and heuse, land, and oalate agent Soveral edificoa in Devoaport testify to Vr Hillui'd ability as a builder, among (bom being the extenaive etorea and offioes of the Don Trading Oompany, than wbioh n0 moro substintial and faitbfally-bailt pro. miiei are ti b» foind ia ths Oeleny. Tho servirus on Honrtiy iu tho Contra gAtiona) Ohuroh will be contlnolod by tho Rev A. A. 'Maaau. of Victoria. Tho rov gintUman Is upokon of oe original thicker and 0 g«o-1 pulpit and platform Rpuakur. Hovorit rf Mb rormins have op. pearod In eome of the Molbourne an I ByJnuy pap-re. Tho annu ri meeting of adhoronts of Ihu nhurrii of Enghmd in tbo purinh of Devon port (Ei«t uad Wi-ut Dovnnport, Ne-lh. down, and Don) will bo buhl In the vuntry of Ht Ptnl's Ohurch, Ea«t D ivauport, nt 4.30 p.m. tomorrow. Tha m Siting in open to hriiiM as well as gonUviuoii. To-day, »t thv nsldenoo of Mr W. Leg- gito, Wcdtoo sircot, West Devonport, Mr u. A. rrttt will n- M an cxtenxivn eaio oi luerior English-made furniture, horje. tuggy, harnueu, cows, Ao. Wo »ru aekerl to uiata that, in oonsiquenoo of the nmn- Ur of l.iiu. tha culu will commonon punn luuily ut 11 o'olook, On Tuesday M Pratt will hold a bhIu of fnrnlinro, horsey ca-l, harness, &o;, at Fern Villa, Ew DdVOIpOlt 