THE SEVENTH STEP- She did not sit— she was far too much xclted. She stood near the door of her littlo cabin. 44 Did you really hear toe bottle fall and break, yesterday morning V 14 I heard a noise whi-ih might bo ac- counted for in that way," I answered. " Aud did you h«sr my footstep V 44 I hoard footsteps." " Siiter ilsgir Atid that you kuew— I hoped, I hoped— I earnestly trotted that she i was wrong." 44 ilow conld she posdbly tell ?" I replied. "I met her on the stairs coining toward the cabin. I certainly said nothing— bnw wan it possiblo for her to read my secret thoughts !" 44 It was quite possible. Sbo saw the knowledge in your eyes ; she gave you one glance— that was snfiisieat. Oh i 2 hoped sho wis mistvken.'4 " Mino is not n toil- tale face," 1 said. 41 Not to moat people, but it is to her. You don't know her. She ii the moat wonderful, extraordinary woman that over breathed. She can read people through end through. She can stand l>ehind you and know when your eyes flash and your lips smile. Jlcr knowledge is terrible. She can almost see through stooo walls. I told you lat nif ht that I dreaded her— I do more than tbut— 1 fear her horribly— she makes my life a dully purgatory 1" "Sit down," I said, in a voico which I made on purpose both cold and stern ; 4 it is very b%d for you to Axcite youreolf in thi way. If you dislike Sister fltgar, why is sbo your nurse ? In short, what can be your posfible motiro for Kotaff through this extra ordinary act ofdocoption? Aro you not aware that yon are ncting in a moit reprehensible mauuer? Why do you wish the ptsseogera of the Ariadne to sup pose yon to bo psrAlyied, when you are in reality in perfect health ? " " In perfect health!" efao repeated, with a shudder. " Yes, I am doubtless iu perfect bodily bualth, hat I am in— oh, in such bitter AUgoish of soul." "What do you mean!" 44 1 cau uo more tell you that than I can toll you why I nra in 8ister Hagar'a power. Pray forget my wtld words. I know you think badly of me, but your feelings would be- ohaoged to profound pity if yon could gnere tho tiutli. Now listen to me— 1 have only a moment or two left, for Sister Iiagar will be back almost directly. Sho found out yester day that you bad guessed my searet. I hoped that this was not the case, but, as usual, sbo was right and I was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours, when I first came on deck, I thought it likely tbt you might sec through my deception. Sinter lingar nlo fuared thai such would bo tho caso. It was on that account that I avoided speaking to you, and also that 1 remained so silent ftnd apparently uninterested iu everyone when I went on desk. I agked for this interview yesterday for tbe oxpreas purpose of fioding oat whoiher you really know nbont the deception which I wai practising on every one on board. If I discovered that you had pierced through my duguiao, thero wut nothing for it hut for mo to throw myreli uu your tncrcy. Now you know why I was so desiroas of seeing yon without Mr Curwen." 44 1 understand," I answered. 44 Tho wholo matter ts meet strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, mny 1 aK what motive iniluancos yon ? Thero intuit ho s Mno e:rot reason for such deception as you prtotica." 5liss Borcnseu colored, aud for tbo first time tdnco she began to ttisko her confusion, her voioe grow weak and faltering— her eyes took a shitty glanoc, and refused to meet ruine. " Tho motivo may ioem slight enough to you," she juitl ; " but to mo it is, aud was, sufficiently powerful to make mo go through with this sham. My home is nota happy one ; I havo a step-mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home and to sco (tonicthing of life. My father's brother, I'rofvd'or&orcnsen.of; St. Petersburg, is a very celebrated Court piiyflinian— toy father i proud of him, and ba often men tioned his name and tho luxurious palace in which Ira lives. I havo never met him, bat 1 took a curious longing to pay bun a visit, and thought of this way of obUining my deiiras. l'rofeor Sorenseo has made a tpccial flfudy of nirvuus diseases such as paralysis. Biitcr Iiagar and I taked the matter over, und 1 ' resolved to feign this diseases in order to get away frotn home aud to pay my unulo a visit. AU went well with, out hitch of aoy sort until yesterday morn- teg." I said, "that yuu can tako m a specialist like I'rofcssor Sorctucn." "I don't mean to try— he'll forcivo mo when I tcllhim tho truth, and throw thyself on his rotrcy." "And is Sister Usgar a real nurse ? '' I asked, altera pause. "No, hut she has fltedied tho part a little, and is far too olovor to commit herself." Miss Soronseu's face wss no longer pale— a rich oolor flamed in her ohocks, her eyes blazed— she looked wonderfully handsome. " And now that you havo confided <u me," I said, 41 what do you exp-ot mo to do with my knowledge P" " To respret my secret, and to keep it ab solutely and strictly to yourself." 44 That is impotuiblo— I cannot deceive Onrwen." " You must— you shall. Why should two —two be sacrificed. And ho , in ao young. And he known nothlog now— not bin r. Oh, do havo tneroy on him. Oh, my God, what wild words atu I ssylogf What must you think of mcf" Sbo pautod abrupUy, her biasing eyes were fixed ou my face. "What must you thiuk of mo!" she re peated. ' 'That you are in a vory excitable and Over- atralnnd condition, and perhaps not quite aoswerablo for your actions," I replied. 44 Yes, yet," she coutinuod; 44J am over- strained— over-anxious— not quite account- able— yes— that is it— that is it— but you will not tell Mr Careen— Oh, bu mcroifut to me, I beg of yotu. Weeliall soon reach St Peters burg. Walt, at least, uutij wo get there Doforo you toll htm— promise me thai. Tell him theo if you like— tell all tbo world then it you choose to du so, but rcspoci uiy secret until wo roach Russia." As Miss Soreneen spoke sho laid hor hand ou my arm— »ho loakud at mo wi'.h a passion which seemed absolutely inadequate to hor very poor reason for going through this ex traordinary dcooplion. »4 Promise me," sho said; 44 thore's Sister IlAgar's knock at thu door— lot hor in— but premiss mo first." 44 1 will think tho whole case over care fully before I speak to anyouo about it," 1 replied. I threw the door open ua 1 spofeo sod wont out of tbo littlo cibiu as 8ister Iiagar curio In. That afternoon Onrwon asked mo about Mian Soransan — lrop'jcd to him briefly, " 1 will tall you all ubout (boaaat," I said, 44 In a short tfmo— there is a mystery which tho young lady hssdtvulsoJ, and wbicheho ha carnex'Jy implored of ma to respect uutll wo reach St. l'utunburg. " Then you bulicvo she can bo cured f" said Gorwuo. "Unquestionably— hut it la a Strang etory and it ia iropuid bis forme to diicuae it until I onu give you ray full conflenco. In thu moautiiuo there ia nothing to bo dono io ih, modicul wuy for MUa Sorctiaun— I should rc« commend hr to krep on dock us much as possible— she is in a highly hysterical state, and tbv more fresh uir sho g ate, the hotter." Curwen w.s obliged to bo satisfied with this very lame summary of iho Tare, and tbo next timo 1 saw Miss Suronsen, I bent over her and told hor that I iutondod to raepcot bur secret uutll after we arrived at St. i'olorshurg. " 1 don't kuow howto think you enough," he said— hor eyes flatbed with joy, and sho hooaroe instantly tho most animated and fas cinating woman on board. At lout we reached the groat northern port, aud first amongst thoso lp come on boaru tho Arisdno wss tho tall aud aristocratic form of Professor Sorenson. 1 happened to wit- nets tho insctteg butwuen him and his beautiful niioo. lie stooped down and kissed her on her white brow. A fiusli of scftriot spread nil over ber faco as he did so. They spoke a few words together— thou tiiitor Iiagar cams ap nod couchud Miss Sorenson on her arm. Ihe next moment I was requested to come and epeakto the young lady. 44 May I introdooo you to my uoela, Dr Halifax!" ehotold. "Professor Sorenson— Dr Halifax. I con soarcely toll you, Unolo Oscar," coutlnued tho youug lady, looking full in his fsco, 4 'bow good Dr Usllfax bos been to mo during my voyage." Professor Sorenuu made a polite rejoinder to this, and immediately invited rao to oomo to soo him ot his palsoc in tbo Norsk! Prospect. 1 was about to refuse with all Uie politeness I could muster, wheo MUs Sorenson gava mo a glanco of sach teerible entreaty that it st&gvered; ao, and almoat throw ma off my balance. "You will come: you must come." oho said. 44 1 can take no rofual," exolalmod the Professor. " X am delighted to welcome you as a brother in the great world of rtedical science. I have no doubt that wo shall have much of intoreit to talk over together. My laboratory has tho rood fortono to be come- wbat celebrated, and I have made experiments in tiie cultivation of microbes which 1 should like to talk ovr with 70U. You will do mo the felicity ol dining with ae this evening, Dr Halifax !'' I considered the situation briefly— I glanced sgiin st Miss Sorenreu, 41 1 will cmnei" I said— she gave a sigh of relief, and lowered her eye. Professor SirooJ-fcn mive.l away, and Sister Hagor weut into tho young lady's cabin to letch somutbing. For a inorncut Afire Soreneen and X were alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to come close to her. "Sit on that ohair— fltoop down, I don't want olhore to know," she mid. I obeyed her fn some surprise, " You have been good, more than good," elio said, 44 and I roopact you. X thank you from my heart. Do one last, thing for " Whrit ts that !" " Dou ttcl! our secret to Maarioe CQrweri until you hsve returned from dining with my uncle. Promise mo this : I havo a very grave reason for nuking it of you." " I shall probably not have timo to tell hira between now and this eveains," I said, "as I m<an immediately to land nod occupy myself looking over tbo plocr." At this moment Sister Hagar appeared carrying, .all kinds of rugs and parccis— amongst them was a small, brass. hoan.l fcox which seemed lobe of considerable weigin A sho approached ur, tho nureo knocked her foot sgatent a partition in tho deck, stumbled, and would havo fallen had I not rniihed to her asBisUnco. At the trame time tho heavy brais-bouud box fell w.th gowo force to the greuud. Thu Bhouk muai have touched some iccmt spring, for the cover imtnediatufy bounced open nnd several packota of psp-ra were rttewn on tha dock. I stooped to picK tbrm uu, but Norse Jlugiir wrenched them from my hands with ruuft force thai I could not help glancing at bcr in astonishment. One packet had beer, thrown to a greater distance than ths others. I reached bock my liwtid to pick it up, and, as l .did ao. my .yea lighted on a name in em.ll block charaoturH on thu cover. Tho uamo was Olgs Krestofekl. Below it was Homethlug which looked liko hieroglyphics, but I kuow enough of tho Russian tongue to asceriate that it was the same name in lluss —with the figure 7 below it. I returned the paokot to the nnree— sho gavo mo a glance whloli X w as destiocd to remcuiber afterwards— and Miss doreason uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. 1'rofewwr horensen camo hastily up— ho administered a resteiative to his nioco, and said that the excitement of seeing him hod ovideutly been too much for her in her weak state. A moment later tho entire party bad left tho yacht. Xt was night when I got to the magnificent palace in tho NovsklPrcupeofc where I'rofcssor Sorenson resided. X was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to a bedroom on tho first floor of tho building. Tho room was of colossal size and height, and, warm hs the woatber till was, wss artificially heated by pipes which ran along tho walls. Tbo hangings and tbe other appointments of (his apart ment were of thu costliest, and ar I looked around mo 1 oould not help coming to tho conclusion Hut a Court phyelcinn at St. Petersburg mnat hold a very lucr&Uvo; posi tion. r Having already made my toilet, I waa about to leave tho room to find my way a butt I conld to tbo rscep- ion-rooms on tbo grouod floor, when, «i»7 unbounded amizimout. I saw tho massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, aud'MUp Sorenseo, magulfi. coolly dressed, with diamonds io her black hair aud flashing round herallm white throat, camo in. She had not mado the eligblret sound in opening tho door, and now she put hor finger to her lips to enjoin silcnoa on my part. Sho oloecd the door gently bsltind her, and, coming up to roy side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to go. 44 What it tho meaning of this ?" I began. "Tbo nolo will tell you," sho replied. 'Oh, yes, I am well, quite well— 1 havo told my undo all about my docopllon on" board iho Anadoe. For God's sake don't keep tuo noy. It 1 am discovered all i lost" She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, nhsolutelv silent mavn. ineut, and disappeared. I oould ©ot tell why, but when I was left once more xiono l felt a chill runuing through inc. I wont deliberately up to tho oak dooz and turned tho key in the heavy lock. Tht plcndid bedroom was bright an day with eloctrlo light. Standing by the door I opened Mia Sorensun'ii not®. My horrifiod uses fel n the following words j 44 We receive no morcy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed whon you found out thu socret of my falso pftralyna on ljjur.1 tho Ariadne. It waa absolutelyaud irrevocably sealed when you «w my real uatnu on ths packet of tetters which fell out of ihu bruss. bound box to-day. Thu secret of toy return to Russia ii death to thoso who discover is unbidden. " I: is decreed by thoBo whonovor niter or chango that you do not leave this pulnce aliv#. It is utterly hcpulb&H; for you to trv to escape, for on all haudsthe doom aro guarded and cvau if you did succeed in reaching the streets, wt) havo plenty of emissaries tluru to do oor work for us. Yon know enough of bur erorota to mako your death desirable— it ft therefore arranged that you are to dfc. 1 hbu you and pity you. X iiuvon heart, und you havo touched it. If I cau 1 will save you. 1 do this at the risk of tuy lite, but Unit does not matter— wo hold our lives cheap- wo ulwayscarry them Iu our brtndt, and aro ready 10 lay then down at any instant. I may not eacccod iu saving you, bur I will try. i am not quite certain how your deith is to be accomplished, hut i hsru a very shrewd suspicion of the munnrr iu which the final attack 00 your lite will he inxde. Your ouly cbauco— teinembar, your only chance of escape — ia to appsar to know atmolutely nothing— to show not ths ghost of a suspicion f auy underhand practices; to put forth all your powotato fsretnate aud please Professor Soreuwm and tbe gueite who will ditto with us to-night. Show no snrprieo at anything you hoe— ask no impertinent question. I Iavo watched you, und I behove yon ara oluver enough aud have sufficient nervo to act as I suggest. Pay mc all the attention in yoar power— make love to ttis oven a little, if you liko— thot will uot matter, for we shall never meel again after to-night. After dinner you will bo Invited to accompany l'rofcAsor Sorenson to his laboratory— ho will &k; no other guest to do this. On no account refuse— go with him and I will go with you. Where lie goes and where 1 go.lollow without Qiuch- ing. If you fuel astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I havonaid leads up to thir fiual remark. Avoid tbu novcuth stop. Beat this in your mind— It your lust chance.— Daomah." I read this note ovor twice. 'Ihe terrible feeling of horror loft me after tho ecoond loading. I folt braced aud resolute. I suspnoted, what was indeed the caso, that I bad fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest ot Nihilists. How mad X bad been to come to ProlcaiOr Sorensou's pslooo I 1 bod fully made up my mind that Miss Sorcnscri had told mo lies, whan she rave mo her feeble roasons for noting as sho had done on board the Ariadne. No matter tbstnow, however, Sho spoke tbe truth at last. Tnu Jotter 1 crushed in my hand was uot a lie. X re- eolvod to bo wary, guarded— and when the final momoDt came, to sell my life dearly. I had a box of malokcs io my pocket. 1 burut tho note to tvhiieash, aud thou crushed tho ashca tos powder under my foot. I thcu .. , went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly ' directed me to Uie reC?pUon.rocms. The powdered footman flung tho door ot the great druwiog-room open aud called my name In a ringing voico. I'ro!o«sor Saroniuu catuo forward to meet rao. A lady oamo up at tho name moment and hold out her hand. Oho was dreaeed in black velvet, with rich lace and many magulfiocnt diamonds. Thoy shuaa in hor sandy hair and glistsncd round her thin throat. I started bi ck in auiPxoroent. Hore was Slater Hagar metamorphosed. " Allow me to Introduce ray wife, Madame Sorcnsen," said tho Profeseor. Madame Sorousen raised & playfnl finger and mailed into my face. 41 You look artouisbod, And no wonder, Dr Halitex." sho said. "But, ah, bow naughty you havo been to read our accrete." fibo tnrnod away to apeak to another guest. Tho noxt raoinont dmner was announced. As wo oat round thediuuer-tahlo wa mado a Urge party. Men and women of many nationalities wore present, but I quickly per- ocivad, to toy surprise, that X wss the guot of tiie evening. To me wee given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame So reason to the head of the table, aod la honor of ma also, EagHih— by common ooasbut— was tbo laaguftg epokeo at dinner, (To bo Ga&riwUd; swat Setoady.) i !>-%. . 