Ring Frederick's liuse* ? A Story ol Three Mysterious Gold .Pieoas— Tho Howard li-o-iivud by a Dutiful Son. How the Djar Old ,'Motliiir'n Letter ' Toublieii U-n Bo irt nl Her Sav- j .r ., ? ? .. erniiiu— Daye of 'Pcnau and ; Picnty That Cairo ? Jiuoituae a Lad Honored ilia ,,.., . . Mather... ., -.? , : Ono sutnirsor morninp, n p;rest many years. Ago, a boy wan lyitg sound unleop on u bonoh in one of the rooms at '.Una-Sauci (tho country pulacc of thu Km;; ot i'runaiu) with nil his clothes on. Vory i;»y olothuH thpy were, from ihn trim blue jacket, withies embroidered cuff i und ahiuing braan buttons, down to tho cmart shoe?, with thoir woll poliHhed eUcl buckled. But tho poor little fellows face wan not »a (jay as liiu dross by nny means. It looked titidly pule, iitul na worn and tired aa if he had boon up. all niuht, . So .indeed ho had, for tough old King I'Voderick, who could work from four in tho morning till tun at night without Bceming a bit vrorae, sometimes forgot that bin poo/ 1 it t lo page-boy was not us htrong as himself, und would often keep him on duty till Karl full asleep from sheer fatigue, just aa ho appeared tp havo dono now. All at once a bell rung sharply in the next room. At that signal the page ought to hnvo jumped up and gono in to reoeivo his orders for the day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter Rt what hour ho had gona to bed. But he was bo (ust asleep that he never hoatdit; and the bell rang again still more sharply without any anawor. Then the door ol the inner room oponed, and out oame a very Btrango figure in deed. It was a small, lean gray-hairod old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pnir of long riding boots,' whioh looked as though they had not been cleaned for a month ; and as if he wcrn not untidy enough already, he had smeared the wholo front of his coat with siiuii, which fell oft in flakes whenever ho moved. '? ? His faoe m.ijjht have been carved in stone, soooldand hard did it look; but in the roidbt of it there c,loumed an eyo bo clear and bright and piercing that it seemed to go right through evpry one upon whom it rested. But for thin commandingglanoe odo would most likely have taken him for a beggar, and have wondered what business such a Blovenly old fellow could have in the. palace at all. But in reality this queer, shabby little old man was no other than King Fredoriok of Prussia himucir, the greatest General and statesman in the world, and famous through out all Europe under the name of 'Frederiok the Great.' One aould sco by tho flash ot bis eye and the set of his hard old mouth, as he oama striding out, that he was very angry at being kept waiting, find that a terrible soolding awaited the poor littlo page, who lay sleeping there so peacefully, knowing nothing at all abont it. Butns the King'B eyo fell upon the lad's onoonsoious face hie mood soemed to change. ' Hum 1' muttered he, with the very ghost of a smile flickering over his iron faoo. 'How f nmously the young dog sleeps I I only wish I could have such a nap now and then. One can seo that he hasn't got to worry himself about governing five- millions ot men, or oarrying on war against five nations at onoe. Hal what's this?' A orumpled sheet of ooarso paper, which ?eemed to have dropped from Karl's hand, was lying on the floor beside him. Tho King pioked it up, and these were the first words that caught his eye, written in the Bhaky, straggling hand of a very feeble old woman : ' I thank you muoh, my dear ohild, for the monoy that you havo bo kindly sent me, which has been a great help. Take your old mother's blessing for it, and sea that you always do your best to be a worthy aad faith ful Bervant to our master, the King, whom God bless and preserve.' As he read that simple message the soldier-king's grim faoe softened an no ono had over Been it soften before. Perhaps tho momory of his own mother, dead years ago, rose up in his mind onoo more ; perhaps he was touohed by the old woman's prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this bad been the boy's last thought btiforo he foil asloop. 11 Were all my subjects liko that,' ho mur mured; ' I should be the luckiest King in Europe. And bo ha has been saving money from hiB wages (and poor enough wages they nre', I am sure) to send to his mother 1 Well done, my boy ; thou art a true Prus sian 1' At that moment Karl moved slightly, as if about to awake. The King noticed it, and a new idea ap peared to strike him, which must have been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that lighted up hiB Btern eyes. ' ' Yes, that will be the beat way,' said he to himself, ' and a fine surprise it will be to him.' Stepping back into the room whence ho had issued (which certainly had very little ' royal luxury' about it, tor it was almost aB bare as a oattle-shod, with no furniture save a battored deal table and a broken chair). Fredflriok hunted in tho table drawer till he rummaged out a well-worn writing case, from ono of tho pockets of whioh be took three gold coins, These he Blipped into the page's pocket along with the letter, taking sreat oiire not to awake him in doing so. Then ho rang his bell violently and called out : 11 Karl, come here 1' Tho sharp, stern voioo cffaotunlly roused our hero, who started up at onoe, und drew back in dismay as he taw Frederick's keen eyes fixed upon him. ' Pardon, your msjosty, pardon I' stam mered bo. ' I wss — ' ' Never mind about that just now,' inter rupted the King. ' Come in here and get your orders.' As Karl sprang eagerly foward to oboy.tho money, wbioh had heon put losely iuto his pocket, rolled out iip.iun, and (ell ringing and ohinking upon the floor. ' Hello, young man!' oried Frederick, ' you ought to I': n good deal, richer than I am if you oan MYord to llirig your monoy about like thut.' 'Ob, Biro 1' cried the boy, imploringly, ' I don't know anything about' this monoy, I don't indeed I Somebody, must have meant to ruin me by putting it into my pookot, and then saying that I had stolen it.' . '... . ' No,' said the Kiuff, Rravoly, 'that monoy is God's gift to voii, to help you in assisting your mother. Wiito nnd tell, her that I know all about hor, and that I'll take care of her, and you, too.' And King Fredetiok kept hia word. 