SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. THERE seems to be a wholesale departure by the lay population of the world to drop away from old observances of the Sabbath day. Especially so is this noticeable in relation to the religious observance of the day, and amongst no people is it more noticeable than amongst the Anglo-Saxon race. The reason is not far to seek. For quite* 100 years the Christian people of the Continent of Europe have been emancipated from the idea that Sunday is only to be spent in a gloomy and excessively unenjoyable manner, as that which has pertained amongst our own people for centuries. We are writing only from the standpoint of Christian dogma upon the matter, and though Jews and the large body of what are commonly termed unbelievers, may have had a large leavening influence in the introduction of Sunday rational amusement amongst the Anglo-Saxons, we prefer to put down the greater share of the innovation to the influence of the general spread of education which has taken place of latter years amongst English-speaking communities. This circumstance has, in our opinion, caused in a remarkable degree, the breaking down of the old observances, and the institution of a more recreative and enjoyable Sabbath. In no instance has this been more beneficial than in the throwing open of libraries and public picture galleries to the people of our oldest cities and towns. As a role, where such privileges have been afforded the populations of such places, they have eagerly availed themselves of the boon —for boon it is. To revel in the works of the Great Masters of learning, literature, science, the arts and research—which can only be attained by the average working man of large manufacturing districts during a Sunday rationally spent—is an intellectual treat immeasurably superior to the dull platitudes of the usual pulpit orator; while if the reader of such works has a retentive and reflective memoiy, the benefits and results of such a course of devoting his Sabbath day, is incomparably beyond any exposition of the Scriptures, as we have above delineated. They appeal more to the mind, and, therefore, to the soul, that vehicle of feeling and belief to which churchmen so pertinently address themselves. It is the modern application of the parable of " The sower and the seedand a rational Sunday is the "good ground." We are in no sense condemning the Christian religion, its various sects and their votaries, by what we have written ; but we are strongly of opinion that there can be too much of a good thing; and a round of purely religious duties during the only holiday of a working population is one of the most goodly of such things. It is a pleasure to think that the days of religious intolerance are past. No longer are there Acts of Parliament or mandates of the Throne to compel the people to attend Divine worship. While the minister , of religion, or some intimate satellite, etill h b L c o l h f w t E p g s h h eeksi by unreasonable means to force the eople to a morose and gloomy religious w bservance of the " day of rest," it is most a nlightening to see that the non-observer or t he believer in a more rational observance is s evoid of such bigotry. He does not wish to s lose the churches, nor do we believe that he s ill ever try; but he says plainly," Meat to me a is fish to you ; let me take that diet which I consider the most suitable to my conditions." In giving expression to this dictum, he may be setting the pastorship of our spiritual tutors at naught, but f we believe that he better understands himself, and in the matter of Sunday observance should be allowed to carry out his ideas of spending his time, so long as they are within the lines of mundane law. Once he oversteps those bounds, the ready check of that institution is ever present to bring him back to a sense of. his responsibilities, and punishment for any dereliction. For the mundane law, being material, is the most potent factor in modern morality. There are people, whom the ways we have shown of spending a Sabbath holiday. do not fit. They are to be found mostly, in the rural districts of parts of England and Ireland, and are assisted in their recreation games of cricket, hand, and football, in many cases by their spiritual advisers. Where this is not the case, they are usually countenanced in their behaviour by the clergy; and the latter, in adopting such a liberal spirit, are beloved by the population, and almost always successful in getting good audiences to their discourses. With a young and most vitally-athletic people'as Australians, it is no wonder that holiday^ makers should have adopted a similar procedure, and indulge in beneficial out-door exercise. Some districts are much worse off than others in having an absence of opportunities of indulging in such exercise, and it pleases us to see the people of this district— which is especially deficient in any -other means of spending a rational Sunday—departing from the fossilised and so-called heterodox manner of well-meaning but fussy bigots ; and spending the day in their own way—so long as they are within legal bounds. There is no more manly pastime for our youth than football, so long as it is devoid of rough and horse play; and the marvellous and enthusiastic attendances that thronged the scene of the games on the last two Sundays prove that the holding of such exhibitions is thoroughly appreciated, popular, and enjoyed by the resident population. We warn lovers of the game, and players, that there must be no element of vice in their games, or they will estreat the support which we here accord them; and we further urge them to beware of the presence of a spieling crowd on the confines of their lines, who, by indulging in their inherent betting proclivities, will most assuredly damage the cause of their mode of spending a rational Sunday than would all the sermons on phillipics of. the whole body of Christian preachers, if they were led even by the ghost of St. Paul himself. 