ROYAL BANSHEES. Although the banshee is supposed to be peculiar to Ireland, nearly every country possesses one, which almost invariably accepted as a death omen. In Ireland, that most sui-erstitious of countries, cvciy old family used to have its banshee, who.^o appearance betokened death to one of them. Tho Royal House ot Germany has a ban shee known as 'The White Lady of Hohenzollern,' which has been seen quite recently. The Teutonic people are, in some respects, as vividly imaginative as the Irish. -The origin of the White Ladv was this : — In tho old German mythology thero. was a goddess Freia-Bortha-Holda, who wa« popularly represented as the mother of life and death. She was said to bo wonderfully beautiful, and was always diessod in dazzling white robes, so bright, in fact, that the legend declared that w hoover saw her was stricken blind or died on the spot. Every noble or Koyul family in the olden times traced its origin back to the gods, so thomybtcrious white goddess was supposed to bo the mother of all Mtc noble houses of Germany, and her appearance in ono of the families was taken us a warning that some member of it was about to die. This story iu tirno died out, as stories will, and other Accounts of her appearance wero invented. Tho Bonapartes have had a White Lady for years. The first mention of her appear ance was wliilo tho son of Jerome Napoleon, the Prince of Wentfort, -was staying with his uncle, the King of Wurtemberg. Ono night, hearing a great commotion outside his room, he went out to ask tho cause, and was told by the frightened ser vants that Lho WhitoLady had passed along the corridor and knocked at his door. He laughed at t he story, and went back to bed. The next morning ho was telling his uncle about it, when tho King began to urgo hint to go back to Switzerland, where his mother was. Very reluctantly he went, as he knew she was only suffering from a cold, but ho reached Lausanne only just in time to see her before she died. The Bourbons had a family ghost known as tho Ked Man of the Tuilenes. The spectre generally made his appearance dur ing a battle, and betokened death to one of the Royal family or some terrible slaughter. Tho house of Romanoff is provided with a spirit in tho form of a gigantic Cossack soldier, dressed in black. The last appear ance of this dark gentleman was on March 12th, 1881, the day boforo the Czar was killed by the Nihilist bomb. Tho house of Hapsburg has a spectre, and one is said to haunt the palace of tho fiscurial in Spain. Ours seems to bo tho only important country without a Koyul ghost, and if there happens to be any able-bodied spirit oht of work at present he cannot do better than apply at Windsor or Balmoral. 