POLICE COURT. Thursday, Jas, 8. (Before tho Polios Ma^i-irate 1 JoJu i Early, Willmm Jolmton, Arcld. bald Hamilton and John Smith Z ' charged with stealing a aide of bacon a parcel c mUming a dress, and a qnantily of plums, tha property of 'I'll ?m.a J]-G,,ir,„ Constable Scliwaror doposed ihnt ha ar rested Harty and afterwarJs Johnston and Hamilton, being accompanied by OonBtnbln uarno ; uarty said he did not know Joh.ia.on or Hamilton, that ho was drunk nnd did nob remember sueinc Thom«! M'Gnflia on the 28th Daoeinbor ; JohnBton and Hamilton at first ma le no reply to th« charge, but afterwards Johnston said Smith tools the parcel and ran down tho road with it ; that ho (Johnston) got hold of him, and told him to put the parcel back, »b ho would got them all into trouble ; Johston aaid Smith opened tho parcel on tho road and ho saw a dress in it, and tint Smith offered tl'TJ1i°JPT 0V(V fcmo' ; Hamilton said ho did not know M'GufBo, that he had nor. soon any parcel, and did not koowauv Ihiii^ about it. ' ? Co.istiblo Clarko corroborated' tho ev' denco of lust witness as to the arrest if Harty, Johnston, aud Hamilton; he ar rested Smith at his reaideuco on the 1st instant ; ho asked what ho did with tha paroel he took'oiit of Thomas M'Guffio'scait on thought of the 28ih of Just lii in'h uear tho Cross-roads ; Smith replied that he did not know anything about any parcel ; he told him that M'Guffie said ha was robbed of a sido of baoon, a parcol containing a lady's drees, and some fruit from a cart at tha Cross- roads ; ho asked him if he was in company with three men from Kembla between Wollonaong and Figiroe on that night, and ho ropliad that he was j ho aai4 he had some plums from a cart, but that no one paid fur them that he was aware of, but that tho man with the cart gave them to thein ; ho said ho did not sea any one take a parcol, nor know anything aho'it it; wit ness produced a parcel containing a brown dress, which was given to him by a man carrying a swap, »hosaid he found it inside tho fence near Ghost Bridco ; heaiwallthe defondanta together near tho Cross ltoads at about half-past. 9 o'clock on the night of the 28:h instant ; they were singing and making a noise, but wore not so drunk that they did not know what, thay were doing. Thomas M'Guffie deposed that he was returning from Shellharbor wi'h his fruit cart on the night of the 28th December, when ho met four men near tho Cross-roads! he identified Smith aud Johnston as two of the men he met, and the other two re sembled tho others ; oue of them asked him if he had any fruit, and ho replied that ho had ; Johnston then asked for three pence worth ; he then asked for the money, and they said they would givo him 2s if he would run them back to tbo Figiree ; he replied that he could not, as his pony had douo forty miles already and it was com mencing to rain ; Smith paid for the fruit; Johnston then got into the cart, ani said they would drive to Figtree themselves; Smith jumped on the footboard, one of tha others being at the back of tbo cart, and the other two or threa yards away behind; Johnston attempted to take the reins, and ho told him not to be too familiar or he would surprise him ; tha man furthest away told them not to interfere with him any further, but gee out of the cart and come along ; he heard a horseman approaching, and told thorn they had batter get out, at the police were coming Smith jumped down, and took snme fruit out of & case, nnd then took a side of bacon he had in s hag lying at the back of the cart ; Smith put the bag on his shoulder, but he got hold of the bag ancl pulled it away from him ; Johnston took some fruit out of the cart; he had a parcel in the cart, but he did not know ita contoots ; it was given to him by Miss Brown to deliver to Mrs. Lodger; he looked for the parcol after defendants left, and it was gone ; ihe inen appeared to be a little tipsy, but they all knew what they were doing ; he valued the side of bacon at 12s 6d nnd the pluinsat Is 31. Mary Anne Brown, living at Brownsville, deposed that on the 28th December she so'it a parcel containing a dress to her aiater in Wollongong by Thomas M'Guffie; the dross produced was the one she sent, and ' its value was 15a. The accused eleoted to be dealt with sum' marily, and pleaded not guilty. Harty said he did not remember seeing M'Guffie's cart on the night in question, or know anything about the matter. Johnston said ho romembered meeting the cart, butho did not know the driver, who stopped and asked if they wanted any fruit ; they replied that they did not, ana he then asked for a match, which was given him ; the driver then cave some of them - handful of fruit ; he did not get into the cart, nnd knew nothing about a side of baoon or parcel. Hamilton did not remember meeting a cart, and knew nothing about a parcel. ' Smith denied having been in the cirt; they asked M'Guffia for some plums, and he gavo them some, but no one paid for them ; the side of bacon was hanging out of the back of the oart, and as M'Guffie waa pulling it in he assisted him by shoving it into the c-rt. ? ? ' The P.M. said ha had a doubt about Hamilton and Harty, and they were there fore discharged, but Smith and Johnston . were convicted. Johnston was sentenced to one month and Smith to three months' hard labor in Wollongong gaol. ! LANGUAGE. Thomas Gallagher, for obscene language ; at the Royal ^Victoria Hotel, was fined £2, ' with 4s lOd costs, or fourteen days in gaol. : August O'Jfeil, for a similar otfence al: Fairy Meadow, was similarly dealt with. James Abbott pleaded guilty to a similaf. offence at the Lake Ulawarra Hotel. Constable Schwarer stated that defendant was becoming a nuisance to the Dapto neighbourhood, and only did enough woi* to escape being lucked up for vagrancy. Senior-Sergeant Grieve produced a list shewing fifteen previous conviotions against defendant. Fined £5, or three months In Wollongong gaol. hawker's licenses. Emma Httxiable applied for a bawkera ! license. . ' Mr. Russell appeared for applicant, and supported the application. Senior-Sergeant Grieve said thero was tw objection to the application, beyond tho fact that applicant was a married woman living with her husband. He had not known of any instance where such application had been granted. The P.M. said he had not on any previous occasion granted suoh a licenso, but ho eatf no reason why a married woman should not, hold a licenso, and ho therefore granted the application. Licenses were also granted to J ohn Henry Beatus and three Syrians, one belDg '» female. larceny. . Florence Peters was charged with stealing a quantity of clothing, bedding, and jewel' lery, the property of August O'Noil. Mr. Grace for prosecutor, and Mr. Rus sell for accused. Proceoutor doposed that ho resided nt Tarrawanna ; accused had lived with lnm ,nd his wife for six years ; whon ho took her and her child in Bho had nothing ; thoy had a quarrel about a man named liestor ; ehs said Hester had promised to marry har; on tho 26' h Decombcr Bho said sbo was ill, and ho wont to tho hotol to got somo brandy I forber; whon he roturned sbo was gone, tskiti' with hor a box of clothus, and bed dine, °ho whole of which were his property. To Mr. Russell : I am 48 year* old, and accuBcd is 23 or 24 ; I promised to mairy her but did not do so, os sho would not consent to bo married by a registrar, but wanted to be murried in a Roman Catholic Church ; I could not got money enough to bo married in a church. Tho P.M. said thocrimin il law was never intended to sotilo cases of that kind. Mr. Hmsoll said if tho c:bo had been ptocosded with ho had ovidence to contra diot that giron by prosecutor. . Mr. Grace e&id; ho had not been retained until after the summons had been issued. HiB advice would hnvo boon to charge accused with illegal dotention of property. Gase dismissed. assault, Lizzie Gibbs, a girl 13 yo .rs of age, chargod with assaulting Eliziboth Salisbury, pleaded not guilty. Complainant doposed that on iho maht of * tha 27ch Dec. rubor tho was passing the resi dence of dofeudaot's parents, whon she ran ''out with a bush. in h»r hmid;_ which she t —J *4- tin* tnllinrr linr hi n -f, if., ft* Wflfl good enough for an informer; defendant also throw a stono or some other substance at her which stuck her ; when shu was re turning four children besides dofondant robed at her and throw atone3 and pieces of bottles ni her ; Bhe never ir erfored with defendant's family In any wuy, but thoy Mis continually annoying her ; thoy had an ill-feeling towards her on uccoutifc of hor taking a watch to tho ploco in connection with a robbery c.ie eome tim» ago. William Salisbury, complainant's son. gave corroborntivo evidence, and denied haviDg thrown any stones at defendant's family, or interfered with them in a-iy way. Annie Gibbs, defendant's mother, ttited that whon comp'ainant paised her children she spat at them and c.lled them 'the push ' ; oomplainnnt'8 sou also threw a handful of stoneB at ihem, and said that Borne of them would hit them; both com plainant and her son wero community annoying her family. Defendant was ordeied to find one surety in £5 to keep the peoce for ouo month, and also to pay 4j 101 costs. BOOTH LICENSE. A booth license was granted to Jnhn Eeed for the Dapto Agricultural Society's Show on the 8th and 9th inatant. 