Little Catharine Chicken IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER L Little Catharine Chicken made a very pleasant piture, as she stood in the doorway of the school master's house and looked wistfully out toward the river. Her name -was decidedly a queer one, but that made no difference with the picture that she made. Catharine was a slender little witch, with wide, fawn-like eyes, and a frowzy shock of short lint white hair not crisp enough to curl, yet too soft itia nne to lie smoothly when tangled, by every passing breeze. Her face wore the pallor of heat, for May in the Province of Carolina in the year 1748 was — as it is to day in the same region — a very enervating month. The little girl felt listless and weary, and did not know what ailed her. Her elders were no wiser as to why she and they were alike 'out of sort3.' Madame Dutarque, the schoolmaster's wife, had called Catharine lazy ; and Monsieur Dutarque him self had justrebukedhis wife for ' temper' in a tone not overmild. There seemed to be an undercurrent of unpleasantness in and about the house. But it wa3 no doubt the climate that affected them all, each in a different way. More than the climate, however, affected little Catharine. About a year before, her mother, a young widow, Mistress Lydia Chicken, had been married to Mr. Elias Ball, who was very wealthy, and whom she had known quite well when they were children together, before she had ever met her firBt husband, Captain George Chicnen. Mr. Elias Ball had taken his wife and little Catharine to live at Kensington — a beautiful place miles away from Chilbury — in which was the school, and miles away from Luckins Plantation, her grandfather's home, where the child had always litTfid wifch hpr flpftr rvrflf.f.w As Catharine stood in the schoolmaster's door she fancied she could see the tree-tops of dear Luckins across the river. Indeed, this child, not yet eight years old, knew not what troubled hor as she gazed on the trees and forgot the long seam in her hands that Madame Dutarque had given her to sew as a punishment. Catharine perfectly remembered her father, Cap tain George Chicken, and the thrilling stories he had been wont to tell her about the exploits of his father. Colonel George Chicken, who had been Commissioner on Indian Affairs for tbe Province, and one of the bravest and most active of the Goose Creek militiamen, who had driven . the Yemassee Indians out of Carolina far down into the Everglades of Florida. Catharine's other grandfather, Mr. Isaac Child, was a very rich man, and had owned almost the whole of the town of Childbury. It had been given to him by his father, Mr. James Child, the founder, who had also given an educational endowment to the inhabitants of the Parish of St. John's, Berke ley. This gift, or ' foundation,' included land upon which to build a chapel and school, with money to assist in supporting both. He had also given the town a pretty grove near the river. This was called ' College Square,' because he had in tended that a college should be built there. The college had not been built. All the rich Carolina planters of those days sent their sons ' home' to England to be educated, and then for ' the grand tour' on the continent of Europe, from which they returned full of French phrases and Parisian airs. So there appeared no need for a college in Childbury town. The public gifts of her Grandfather Child, the military renown of her Grandfather 'Chicken, the wealth of her stepfather and ber mother, and the wide connections of her family with the Carolina aristocracy made Catharine a much more important little figure in the community than the wistful child imagined herself to be. Until her mother had remarried and taken her to Kensington, Catharine had thought that Mistress Lydia belonged to her alone, and she wept many tears on the breast of her 'mauma' — her negro nurse, Amy — because she wanted her mother all to herself again. But all that, even including the tears, had been happiness compared with what came on the day that her mother told her that she was to leave Kensington, to go to school at Monsieur Dutarque's, and board there ! This was the horrible part of it. To be away from that sweet mother all the day as well as all the night — the pony, the calves and the puppies, from Dido and Judy and Ephraim and Amy, her 'mauma, ' from all the dear delights of plantation life — this was exile indeed ! More than this, baby though she was, Catharine had felt keenly the force of Maum' Amy's expos tulation: 'Eh, eh, Mis' Lyddy, Mis' Cat'rin' aiu' no po' buekra ! Y' ain' gwine put she on no 'foundation,* sho' 'nougb, lak Mis' Green da'ter, is yer ?' Catharine wondered why her mother bad flushed up and straightened her throat so, as she replied : ' Hold your tongue, Amy ; you know nothing about it,' and had clasped her little girl close to ber breast, and left a warm kiss and a tear together on her cheek. Not very long after Catharine had come to board at Monsieur Dutarque's house her now father, Mr. Elias Ball, had ridden down from Kensington to tell her that she had a baby sister who was to be named Elizabeth. At first she had been de lighted ; but when Betty Gr. en, tbe other child who had boarded at Monsieur Dutarque's, had said, ' Now your nose is out of joint,' Catharine cried for halt an hour, and had almost hated the new baby ever since. Several of Catherine's cousins were taught by Monsieur Dutarque ; but she could not understand why she alone must board there — she and Mrs. Green's daughter 1 Surely she had money enough to do as she choose ; for little Catharine bad been always treated like a princess, and had thought the world was a pretty place made for her to play in. Now she found it a bigger and sadder place than she had fancied. . Still the child was not yet eight years old ; so it is not supposed tbat she had any very deep or con nected thoughts aB sho stood there in the door of the schoolmaster's house, with that long seam Madame Dutarque had bidden her sew hanging limply from her little hand. Something in tbe sight of the burgeoning beauty outside the dim little schoolhouee gave a singular swelling to her heart. By craning her neck out from the doorway, Catharine could see straight between the mulberry trees of Craven-street, down the steep slope at the bottom of which the river lay. If she looked across Craven- street, Strawberry Chapel confronted her, with its graveyard bounded out by locust-trees and a cedar fence. Strawberry was a chapel-of-ease, as they called it in those days, built for the neighbouring planters, who lived at a longdistance from tho parish church of Biggin — to which, however, they were obliged by law to resort on high feast days, Buch as Christ mas, EaBter Sunday, and Whitsunday. There were few houses to obstruct Catharine's view ot (Jhilaoury town — ODiy ntceen uesiue sno chapel, the school and the tavern. When sho turned her head the other way the view was alto gether changed ; for looking eastward, one might see straight to whore the market — or ' merket' »b the old plats have it — stood right in the centre of the town. This was Saturday, one of the regular market days. So thn market square was thronged with hawkers, peddlers and petty chapmen or ' dusty foot' trailers, as wandering pedestrian merchants were called. Catharine delighted in the bright piotaro they made in their motley garb, slipping in and out between the crowding cattle and horses, with their packs of merchandise, their little carts of grain or victuals, and their panniers of brightly-coloured West Indian fruit. The little girl forgot her lan guor as she gazed. Once, at some remarkable antics of a negro boy in livery, who held a high- mettled bay mare by the bridle, Catharine clapped her bands and laughed aloud. This negro was Cupid, her Aunt Sarah Harlestcn's ' boy,' and sho felt very sure bis antics weie intended to amuse her. The sound of her own laugh recalled the little girl to her surroundings. Slowly she gathered up her work and prepared to go within. But oh, tho house looked so dim and homely after the glory without ! How could she go back to Madame Dutarque's sharp tongue, Monsieur Dutarque's long face, and that dreadful, dreary seam ! Madame Dutarque had gone to market, followed by her 'boy' with an enormous basket, else Catharine could never have had the chance to idle as long as this. As for Monsieur Dutarque, he was holding his unprepossessing head up by one lean hand over a ponderous Latin volume in a room above, and had forgotten the child's existence. Catharine sighed, and put her hand in her pocket for her thimble. It was not there ; but something else was which caused her eyes to dilate with rap ture. She drew out a tiny 'cooter,' or terrapin, about the size of a shilling — the only pet she had ventured to bring with her from Kensington when she had parted from her doar, pretty mother two weary months before. She had pleaded hard for her kitten or her Chickasaw pony, but they told her that Monsieur Dutarque did not like pets, and she brought the cooter by stealth. Down went the long seam again, and with a faint colour touching her pale cheeks the little girl got down on her knees and set her cooter quietly out into the grass. Her new father, Mr. Elias Ball, had named the little tortoise ' Flying Chiiders,' after a famous fast horse, ' because it waB so slow,' he said. Catharine remembered how deeply vexed she had been with her dear mother because she had laughed as if this were a very funny joke. The little girl could see no joke about it. The cooter, feeling the soft eartli beneath it, put forth its black claws and its odd, snakelike head, and began to trot off, not in a manner to justify its name, yet with sufficient speed to fill Catharine with a fear of l03ing it. Off it went, stealing in and out of the red partridge-berries, and the short grass and the ragged weeds, and the fallen buds of yellow jessamine, and off went Catharine in pur suit. The bit of checkered linen she had been trying to sew trailed behind her, for the thread was stiil attached to the needle, which she had stuck into the bosom of her gown. It was wonderful how clever Flying Chiiders was in concealing himself. Twice Catharine thought she had lost him, and both times ahe finally descried him still gliding on, like a moving inkspot, across the clear patches of sunshine, and anon losing him self among the shadows of the leaves. Up Craven-street, round through Church-street, down Ferry-street, to Mulberry went Catharine, pursuing the cooter. She pounced upon him just where Bay- street clings along the top of the bluff overlooking the river. The checkered linen had fallen from the needle long ago, carrying with it the long white thread ; and when Catharine dropped down under a great live oak and gathered her treaaured ccoter close in both hands, ahe had forgotten alike the schoolmaster and the seam. She had even, forgotten she was a truant. There was nothing to rouse her conscience under the oak. Like many an older sinner, Catharine was simply drifting, not consciously doing wrong. Below her lay the ferry, with the lumbering ferry- boat, freighted with many passengers, heavily lurching across the river. That ferry belonged to her mother, Catharine knew ; aud she knew, too, that every passenger had to pay a royal, or riaZZ, to cross, except on Sunday, or in times of alarm, when they might cross free of charge. Everybody was at tbe market, and Catharine, lying with her head aagainst the oak's mossy root, felt quite alone in the world. One little tear gathered in either soft gray eye as Bhe .gazed over there where the trees grew so thick around her beloved Luckins Plantation, and longed for her dear, pretty mother. Little Catharine, with her black, unresponsive pet close clasped in one hot hand, knew not what ailed her, but was sad and heartsick and angry and wistful by turns, though unable to formulute the grievances that so oppressed her heart. ' A flat, wide- bottomed Pettiauger hove into sight down the river, and she spelled out the red letters painted upon it, ' Elias Ball, Coming T.' Then she sat up, with her hair clinging in moist rings to her forehead, and her lips a little purted with the excitement of a sudden hope. She adjusted her little mob cap firmly on her head. Over there, next to Luckins'a was Coming T — a fine old plantation, owned by the father of the gentleman her. mother had last married. Might she not get there before night by walking very fast along the little path that led through Luckins ? The big house was empty, for old Mr. Ball now lived in town, but she knew Cato and Fortune and Eneas and January, their house servants very well. Surely they would let her stay there until her mother should come for her, as she certainly would when she should learn how very unhappy she was at school. Or if they would not, might she not find comfort at FishPond, which was the very next plantation, with her Aunt Hannah and her 0 nele John Harleston ? It was at FiBh Pond that she al ways went to spend SotnY./loT,D nn/1 ? t-„ 1 She remembered. She had been kept in to-day as a punishment for idleness, and told to sew that in terminable seam. Now the child looked about her with a growing fear. Doubts, born of all these recent revelations of the untoward possibilities of life, began to throng her mind. What if she should go, and her mother should not come for her, after all, but should Bend her back to be dealt with by Madame Dutarque? Or — as she instinctively marked the mellowing light slanting through the curtains of moss that hung between her and the webtern sky — what if sho were to lose her way through Luckins ? She might even meet with a bear or an Indian ; or worse still, with the ghost of the Robintation Tree — a fabled goblin which the superstitious fancy of the negroes had conjured up. Poor little Catharine 1 She arose, trembling with the terror of her thoughts. Well might she tremble, poor mite 1 For what was this- being that approached, lowering upon her from behind the o*k ? (To be continued.) 