WHEN GREEK MEETS GEEEK. A TALE OF LOVE AND WAR. Br JOSEPH HATTON, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved] Chapter V.— Simon the Phinter Fibes His Gun. *' Bravo 1' exclaimed Marie as Jaffray rushed past; her, but her heart stood still almost the next moment; for simultaneously with the banging of the outer door a gunshot was heard, followed by a sudden cry and the shouts of pursuers. Laroche picked himself Blowly up from the flvior. Mane ran to the window^ and by the light of the lantern hung from an opposite doorway observed Simon the printer with a charged. ' But he has escaped,' she said. ' Yea, I'm sure of it ; the saints would never permit that he should fall by such vile hands as those.' 'You will fall and by viler paws, you traitress !' exclaimed Laroche, wiping his bruised face. .??That would be impossible,' said Marie. ' You have learnt the lesson of the aristo crats. It only needed that you should become a wanton to make your perfidy complete.' 'How dare you say that!' Marie replied, pale to the lips, ' How daro you !' 'Because i am your father and have sur prised you with your lover, who is a spy and an agent of the enemies of France— I can't say of his country ; he is a foreigner — but Paris will free herself of all such parasites.' . 'Paris is mad,' eaid Marie, 'and I -have lived long enough since my father takes me for one of the creatures who make their shame their glory. Order my arrest ; it is not far to the Conciergerie ; at least I shall find some honorable companionship among your pri soners.' Laroche contemplated the only human beinof whom he had ever loved with a passion of anger and affection, wounded pride, and enforced admiration. The sting of Jaffray's blow and a pang of remorse at the same time for the epithet he had used against Marie, whose young life of virtue^and courage was a perpetual reproach to him and at the same time a secret delight, struggled in his rough hard nature for mastery. Parental instinct conquered. '1 am sorry for what I said, Marie,' came from his unwilling lips ; ' it isn't true. You are the only one pure soul I ever knew ; on that count I ask your pardon.' 'I forgive you,' said Marie, her eyes full of tears. 'Oh, why will you go against me anu France !' be said, opening his arms to her and mingling his tears with her own— this hard bitter old agent of the police. ' ' I didn't mean it, my girl; it's the cruellest lie I evor uttered.; Td tear the heart out of any man who said it, and yet I have done you that wrong and I am your father.' 'Let it pass, dear; let it pass. He was a fugitive from death. I sheltered him from that, not because he was royalist or patriot, citizen or stranger; but ho is no spy, believe me. Citizen Fournier saved his life when he was a child in America during the revolution there when Indians massacred women and children— not Frenchmen, but Indians. Why shall we French become Indians? It was an act of gratitude on hie part. This fugitive, to try and save his deliverer ? ' Bub this Fournier is the enemy of the people. You know it— you know it. To be allied with him and his friends is treason; you know it, Marie, and you risk my life too when you risk your own, and my life is my country's ; it may take it, but not for treason — not for treason. Understand that once for alL Marie, my child, my only consolation in life, think of this ; I warn you for the last time. If France should one day call upon me from the throne of her justice to sacrifice you — think of it — I must do it. Don't ask me to ?do it, dear, don't ask for the last drop of blood in my withered heart— the last drop that speaks to you now.' Mario was deeply moved by this appeal. She knew how hard and bitter her father could be, what a martinet he was to duty ; how the influences of Robespierre and Grebauyal held him bound and with what an exaggerated view he regarded every Frenchman of good family and every friend of the King and Queen, and she almost pitied him. 'Father, she said, 'you cannot change your heart ; it makes you love me in spite of your political watchwords, your new colors, and your new hatreds. How can I help pity ing Mademoiselle de Louvet, who has been so good to me? How can I help sympathising with her lover and hating the rival who would drag a pure sweet gir] from a refined and noble home to reign among sansculottes and be com pany for the miatresses of Marat and St. Just and ? ' ''Peace, child ; I must not listen to you. Be advised. You say I love you ; I do ; give me a little in return. Events are marching quickly. Throats have bled to-day for and against France. Patriotism is master. The nation rules peacefully. It will be a rule of discipline and justice. From this moment to be suspect is to be arrested ; to be arrested is to be condemned. Ypu had until an hour ago one enemy — only one ; he is now in my ser vice, Simon the printer. Don't answer me. Make no other enemy. Be warned. Good night P During the last few sentences Laroche had passed from the father to the officer of the secret police. His manner had become formal, hia words fell heavily, his sentences were short and crisp, there was something of a canine snap in their periods. 'One word,' said Marie. 'This young man?' At this moment there was a low whistle on the stairway. 'He is taken,' said Laroche, 'that is the slgnaL' 'My GodT exclaimed Marie. 'And the de Louvets f ' 'The. Deputy firebauva! went with a com pany of the National Guard to Neuilly this afternoon.' 'You have warned me,' said Marie, facing her. father, her eyes fixed upon his, her manner 'calm as any .heroine of the Place Henri TV. 'I warn you. The safety of the De Louvets and of thiB fugitive, Jaffray Enr oot*, ate the terms of my peace with you. Suoh as their fortunes may be, bo shall nyue. I look to you in this, and to you only, And bo, goGdpigbtJ?'. ? . ???'♦_ Laroche made no reply. He turned .as if he would, but the next moment he was cone and Marie stood listening to his firm, steady tread, and heard the door close upon him as he left, the great rambling house of many tenants. ?' Now Marie Bruyset was a spy. J&ffray; Ellicott was little better. They were both living among the people against whom they plotted, not for scrip or fee, not in their own interest, not of malice prepense, but out of very love and purity. Spies all the same. Nearly everybody was a spy in Paris at that time. Neighbor spied on neighbor, friend on frieud, relative on relative, each for his own sake, some from spite and vengeance and a thirst for blood, others tosave their own necks, many for no reason in particular, but all actuated by the eatanic spirit of the times, whirled hither and thither in the dance of death that went on day and night to the sound of drum and trumpet, the clashing of bells and the chauht of the Carmagnole. Sitting aloft in her garret with her nunia tuiesaudherprints, herlittle stove and her clean carpet, Marie Bruyset could hear the music all the time. It was like living on the skirts of a fair, with its eternal shows and shooting galleries, its tiutinnabulary invitations to un natural wonders and its hurly-burly of human shouts and showmen's cries. It swirled up and down the outer frontiers of the Rue Carnabe, but had never found its way intothe precincts of the old courtyard with its tubs of laurels, its ladders, its drying clothes, and its romping children ; for children romped and played and riien and women made love and were given in marriage, and there were quiet families that partook of their quiet dinuers and spent musical evenings all through the Terror and its storm of blood. The father of Jaffray Ellicofct's little hostess was Eugene Laroche, one of the most ungom proinising agents of police, in the employment' of the Revolutionary TribunaL When. Mar|p( was a girl of li) her mother died of a ? broltfijtv! heart, caused by the dissipation, infidelity, and general ill-usage of her husband. On lier-death he swore a vow of reform which he had kept ever since, and by way of making some amends to the ghost of the dead mother he had been a kind and considerate father to Marie. When she was twenty he married again, a decent woman, who was content to be a drudge and give him the place of lord and master. Then Marie resolved to be her own missress and live her own life. She had been educated at a convent hard by, had shown some skill as a miniature painter, was content to paint from life or make copies from original works, and she had formed quite a clientele among the many good families in Paris when the Revo lution broke out. Her sympathies were natu rally supposed to be with the people and her father, but she still as far as possible kept her connection together. Exile and die guil lotine reduced their numbers and as they fell away Marie's heart went after them to the guillotine and beyond the sea ; but it was only recently that she had been induced to play the spy against her father and his bloodthirsty masters. When Marie set up housekeeping on her own account she adopted her mothers maiden name and of late had found it of great advantage not to be known as Mademoiselle Laroche, a name which had become terrible even among 'the people' so called. Laroche was a sleuthhound. Once on the scent no fugitive escaped him. He was under the impression* that he obtained useful information from his daughter, more particularly in regard to the family of De Louvet and a certain Henri Comte -de Four nier ; but Marie's heart was engaged in their interest and it was Laroche who was useful to Marie and her friends. Larocho lived in the same building as that which sheltered Marie, and he frequently paid her fatherly as well as official visits, though they were all supposed to count under the first category. It is as well to say at once that Laroche nad a weak streak in his character ; it was a leaning towards Marie —a leaning and a fervent admiration. He would listen to her with patience even when 6he appealed for some poor creature whom she knew to be in his power. He even tolerated the portrait of the Queen in her room and encouraged her to talk of her patroness Made moiselle de Louvet, though he barred the ' de' in his mention of her as he barred the 'Due' when he spoke of Louvet and the ' Count' when he mentioned De Fournier, the active and bitter enemy of the Deputy Greiiauval. Jaffray Ellicott was playing a double game, with cards no less powerful than Marie's, and with a more subtle purpose. If he had known that ho was talking to the polios agent's daughter he 'might not have talked so freely about himself ; but Marie had a way of winning confidence, and by hints that Bhe let fall he was shrewd enough to gather that while she displayed among her miniatures famous revolutionary chiefs and their mistresses, there was something more than mere bravado in her exhibition of the portrait of the unpopular Marie Aiivoinettfi, Chapter VL— Rivals in Leva £ST- Wab. Neither good news nor bad traveled very quickly in the first days of the French Revolu tion, though there was in the air an instinct of dire events. The taking of the Bastille was a mere ilooal incident to thousands of Parisians, ajna the fall of the Tuileries was accomplished without the fierce din and stir of it being felt beyond the faubourgs. , Count de Fournier, however, early in the morning of the eventful day, finding [that he might be seriously engaged in Paris when he should be taking part in the ceremony of betrothal at the Chateau de Louvet, dts patched-Jaffray Ellicott to acquaint the per sons most concerned beyond himself with the possibility of his presence being delayed by events which he could not control. ' We have seen how lit fared with the count's ambassador. It is now the business of the historian to follow the adventures of the count himself. To this purpose it will be necessary to make the reader acquainted with other leading characters in this drama of love and wan The ceremony of theDetrothal of Mathiia© de Louvet (the gracious friend of Marie Bruyset) to Henri Comte de Fournier had been fixed for the very day upen which the mawkish weakness of Louis the King had signed the death warrant of his brave Swiss guard and the fall of his dynasty. You may see the Blip of paper -to this day in a black frame at the Cafnavalet Museum in the hand writing of the unfortunate monarch— a simple thing to have caused so much mischief. Neither Swiss Guards nor the courtiers in at tendance on the royal family every dreamed that they would not be free at least to defend themselves whatever concessions theKing might be induced to make to his opponents. Count de Fournier was an officer of Hussars and was making arrangements to ^oin Lafayette on the front, whither he had hoped to induce his prospective relatives Tjy marriage to accompany him, with a view to their leaving France until her political troubles should be sufficiently settled for the safety of such members of the aristocracy as desired to live at home in peace and on good terms with their neighbors. But the Duke de Louvet was a stern and proud old royalist, strong iu hia title to the respect of France, with a record of brave deeds and an honest belief in the fidelity of the -nation to the men who had been true to her in all weathers, and he would not budge. It was the duke's stiff-necked ness that had forced an old custom of the family into public observance when it might have taken place privately with much propriety at a time when anything like social display was an invitation to democratic criticism and revolt. For the people had suffered grievously at the hands of their inconsiderate rulers. Even in the village life of France the despotic heel of a grinding tyranny had been felt by all classes below the salt. It is hue the De Louvets from time im memorial bad been kindly and free-handed to their neighbors, rich and poor. Nevertheless, their prosperity had been out of proportion to that of the commoner folk of Neuilly and Courbevoie, which latter place, bv-the-w&y;, was the chief quarters of the Swiss Guard, who had a barracks there and represented to the district and to Paris a section of that .foreign element of repression against which the democratic spirit chafed fretfully. All this made a Kite at the Ghateau de Louvet a most unwise proceeding. Count de Fournier and the Deputy Gre . bauval were strangely alike iu person and they loved the same woman, Mademoiselle Mathilde, the only daughter of the Dube and Duchess de Louvet. This sentiment, however, was the only human link between them, if we except pride and a certain mingling of blood that did not make for peace. .;-.'Jfe.vertheless they both claimed to be patriots. Each in his own way was ambitious for the glory of his country. There entered, however, into the political faith of the Deputy Grebauval selfish influences that were foreign to the nature of his rivaL It was not generally known that the two men were brothers. Madame Grebauval was not the mother of Count de Foamier, though the late count was the father of both. The bar sinister on Grebauval's escutcheon had not held him back in his fight for fame andiortune. A masterful and aspiring youth, he had been successful at college and later in the profession of the law. Intellectually he was not inferior to his friend and patron, Robespierre. As fate would have it, whenever De Foumier and Grebauval had met in the course of their young and eventful lives they invariably left behind them the trail of a mutual auimosity. It must have been ordained from the first that these two men should be euemies. If the devil is permitted a hand in human affairs he may have presided over the creation of such men as Grebauval, Robespierre, Marat, Da« ton, and thelike ; his Master providing the op posites in order that the balance of things might be maintained. For every dragon there is a St. George ; but many a victim succumbs before the champion is permitted to rescue the last one and slay the ogre. It was no doubt hard upon Grebauval that he should suffer the smart of a shame he had no hand in. _ Nor was there anything personally meritorious in the fact that De Fournier' had come into the world with the sanction of the church. If these arrangements are outeide our influence it is not absolutely necessary that we should make the disability a lifelong pang. Nevertheless, the constant friction of a tortured pride had burnt into Grebauval's soul the memory of his mother's wrongs and his own. To him there was only one sinner in the compact which gave him birth and that was Count de FoufniorB father ; and it maddened him to feel that the son re joiced in all the social qualifications that would necessarily influence the Duke and Duchess de Louvet in their choice of a sonin law. Disciples of Lavater would have expected to find in the physical similarities of Grebauval and De Fournier reflected moral qualities. No two men could have been more unlike each other in this respect. Ncr would a shrewd observer have failed to detect the difference ia the expressions of the two faces. De Fournier could laiinic Grebauval and did so often, a:id at one period of their two eventful histories much to his own advantage ; but they were unlike in manner as they were in mind. The one was courtier-like, scrupulously dressed, gay in hat and feather, quick in repartee, frank of speech, open-handed, fearless in quarrel, and generous to both friend and foe. The other was saturnine, crafty, an in triguer, a treacherous friend and cruel enemy; and under an affected passion for the welfare of his country nur&ed; an overweening and selfish ambition^ The two men were alike, however, in a spirit of personal pride. If Grebauval chafed against the social dis tinction of De Fournier, he was proud of his own skill in rising above his (station and plumed himself upon a political power that was daily increasing. If he had a redeeming quality — and no man is without some sugges tion of his divine ofigilk— it was his love for Mathilde. It was a genuine passion. What ever his laches might have been fais love for Mathilde was as sincere as that of the iwsvg and gallant De Foumier. De Fournier and Grebauval had both been in America at the some time, though in different places and on opposite missions. The count had served on the staff of Lafayette, young and ardent like himself, but, as it turned out, more faithfully attached to monarchial institutions, for De Fournier had resigned his place after his first important victory, dis satisfied with Lafayette s democratic aspira tions for France and urged to return by the Duke de Louvet, who advised him that the place for every true Frenchman was by the side of the King, who would soon have plenty of enemies to fight near home without going across the Atlantic to find them. The death of the young count's father had provided him with further and more public reasons for re turning home and Mathilde was au attraction that he might not reckon so long as duty seemed to keep him from her. Citizen Grebauval had followed Lafayette to the New World in his civic capacity and with a view to studying liberty at its fountain- nead, and he had returned to Paris at a time that was ripe for mischief, both as to the interests of Pans and the Chateau de Louvet. After sundry adventures Mathilde's civilian admirer had returned with the general when that gallant Boldier brought home the Bword with which it was ' claimed he had conqnered FinglflTni in America to the service of freedom in Prance. It was his misconception of the difference between the conditions under which tlieyoung Republic bad gough$ emancipation from kingly control and those of the ancient monarchy of France that gave a fatally per nicious direction to his influence in the French Revolution. But this is another story and we are engaged -with the history of Paris when the Bastille had newly fallen before the trumpet blasts of liberty and (in the estima tion of the author) the pamphlets of the Citizen Grebauval, who -was no less vain of his pen than Lafayette of his sword. ., He had defied the literature of America in his ' Apotheosis of Freedom,' and had translated into French for private circulation several Boston tracts on the liberty of nations, the rights of man, and other subjects that agitated the minda of men in his own country! still suffering from the influence of a despotism as cruel as it was luxurious. The duchess, both from interest and inclina tion, favored Grebauval's suit for her daughter's hand. She traded upon the deputy's friend ship in the matter of certain privileges that would have been otherwise demed by the Government to the De Louvet family. More over, she had induced Mathilde to permiti Grebauval to give his matrimonal proposal serious consideration. The duchess hoped that at least she would keep him on theic visiting list. But neither Grebauval nor Mathilde could endure to have the question of her decision postponed. In Addressing Matliilde, Grebauval had begged her not to give him a definite answer, to wait that she might test the honesty of his passion, which ho assured her was an all-consuming love for her ; but she felt in her heart that she had already wronged the man she loved by listening to the serious proposals of another. Grebauval had in his avowals suggested modifications of principle . and Action that he might be inclined to make as a leader of the Democracy ; but Mathilde had assured him that while she would die for her people and her class, if necessary, she did not share the orthodox royalist heresy, that worth must hav6 blood and rank to entitle it to respect and confidence. She did not quarrel with the aspirations of the people for better government, for better food and more Com fortable homes, but she would be true to her name and her birth and faithful to her first and only love. It had been unfortunate that as these lasfe passages of love and controversy were passing between Mathilde and Grdbauval, the young Count de Fournier, all silks and cold and iaco and feathers— a picture-gallant, so to Bpcak — haughty and yet gay of demeanor, lull of animal spirits and soldier-like daring, had arrived at the chateau with messages from the troubled court and news of a safe retreat in the event of the danger to peace and order which was even then daily predicted and hourly ex pected, though the cloud which threatened shifted from day to day and had not, ou this day of Mathilde's refusal of the hand of Gre bauval, broken out into active sanguinary revolt. Grebauval was leaving the chateau. He and the young count met. From the moment tho two observed each other there was an instinc tive reaching- out for swords. It only needed an exchange of a few words for them to draw. The incident wasquickly o ver. Thecount was the aggressor witli both tongue and sword. Though fromthe outsethe saw what would happen, Gre bauval was reluctant to draw; not that he* was a coward, but he had more thought for the De Louvets than even their more devoted friend. Henri, the young Count de Fournier; was impulsive, reckleBS, fearless, thoughtless. His love for Mathilde, which was his excuse for insulting and attacking Grebauval, had! nothing whatever to do with the situation. A passionate man thinks of nobody -but his own passion, if even he thinks of that. He is not his own master, hiB wits are impated ou the' shafts of his rage ; he knows nothing, eees nobody but the supposed enemy — the antago nist — in front of him. On this occasion the young soldier was the victim of his temper. The less-practised swordsman found a skill in his coolness that the other had won on the field of honor by the practice of necessity and mili tary usage. In half a dozen parses Grebauval disarmed his enemy and was returning him his sword as the duke and duchess rushed upoij the scene. 'Learn patience, Sir Count,' said Gri* bauval, ' and don't forget that in these daj'^ fencing is not an art alone understood among gentlemen so- called.' With ii3G;-ti-ication and rage the count took back his sword and in response to the demand of the duke ' YVhat has happened? Explain { explain !' Grebauval merely remarked — - 'Nothing, Monsieur le Due; the count was only showing me his weapon j the hilt isiin* doubtedly beautiful— au revoir,' bowed with the grace of a gallant to the duchess, and went on bis way to the council that was before sun set to decide one of the most momentous ques tions of the first days of the Revolution. Tin's unhappy incident had occurred long before the fall of the Bastille, but tue DucheBa de Louvet had not ceased to use her influence in favor of Grebauval. She made a point of visiting a certain salon where he and both Robe-, spierre and St. Just were guests. It was hoped even at one time that she might have been the medium of an accommodation with the King. That time, however, had passed, and she had begun to find herself between the fire of two parties with the additional disad vantage of satisfying neither. Such was the relationship of De Fournier and Grebauval and of both towards Mathilde and tiie De Louivets oh the day when Mathilde was to be publicly betrothed to Gr^bauvalVJ successful rival, and on \f Inch memorable day Jaffray Ellicott had found refuge in tho garret of Marie Bruyset in tho Rue Baiaiabe. Chapter VIL— Vive La Nation ! The Lion d'Or was a wayside cabaret on the outekirtfl *of Paris, between the barriers and Neuilly. 'it furnished good accommodation fc* both man and beast. Of late it had sheltered as many men who were entitled to the hitter appellation as it had stabled examples of the more exemplary quadruped. The fall of the Bafitille and the march of subsequent events of a violent character had begun to exercise a violent influence all over the country. Such creatures as no one had ever heard of before out of a sensational novel of the night side of; Paris appeared in the streets, men of ferocioufl aspect and unsexed women no less forbidding. While anxious gueste were waiting for Count de Fournier at the Chateau de Louvet, the Lion d'Or, naif a league away, was ocoupied by a no less picturesque assemblage of guests. Whenever one thinks of this period o| European history the dress of the time occupies the imaginative eye and helps to raise the horrors of it above the sordid and sanguinary Btage upon which they were enacted. The rej vobitumary Bash, the bonnet rouge, the cocked, hat, tiie tricolor cockade, the knee breeches, the long coats, £he ample vesta, and cravats o| tUe men; the mob cap, short BlurtB, and. Sabots of the women, varied by the brocades, ^colored cloths, white -crossovers, tall hats and 'Bhort of those a grade or two higher than .their sisters of the toiling classes, these, not to ?mention the characteristic attire of men belong ing to such eccentrics as the Merveilleuses and Incroyables, and the uniforms of the military and civic arms, give the actors on life's real theatre, as tone looks back upon the exciting pcenes, a color and distinction that are valuable Accessories to' romance. The company at the Lion d'Or were a very mixed assemblage. They had abandoned the seats and tables outside the porchway under theinfluenco of a sharp shower of rain that broucrht down into the roadway a few of the first fallen leaves of' au early autumn. The room in which they were smoking and drink ing had a pleasant low window with an ample inside seat with a bar counter at the other end, which gave upon aBmall parlor the sanctuary of the hostess, who was known as Madame Angelique, in cynical recognition of qualities that made her on occasion a terror alike to her customers and her husband, Pierre Grappin. Among the gueBts in the common room of the Lion d'Or on the day of the De Louvet fete were the usual village loafers who lived on odd jobs round about Neuilly and Courbevoie and Bpent their leisure in listening to the news from Paris and bragging of their untested ?prowess as prospective volunteers for the army that waayengaged in doing battle for Trance with-'fhe foreign invader. It was already late in the afternoon and yet no news of the morning's tragedy of the Tuileries had reached the Lion d'Or. *' Thej* say all women are alike in the dark,' remarked a scoffing Parisian, with a cravat that somewhat impeded his affected elocution, 'not even excluding our friend Madame Ange'lique,' at which there was a burst of euppressed laughter, the speaker himself having lowered his voine as he named the hostess, ' and the same may apply tosome men ; but even by candlelight Mademoiselle the Citoyenne Louvet might easily mistake the =. Deputy Gre'bauval for the soi-disant Count de Fournier.' ' Yes,' said another gossip, lolling by the open window, 'a confounded curious tiling that. Who knows ? The old count was a gay dog in his time, like all the crew of the base aristocrats. If the Deputy Gr^bauval has not the refinement of the so-called count he has the same short, scornful lip, the same swarthy complexion, the same masterful disposition.' .' Well, we shall see,' remarked the Parisian. 'It inight have been more discreet to have dismissed Deputy Gribauval graciously when the people a.re on the way to become the only power in France.' 'Certainly, citizen, you are right,' said another gossip ; ' and had I been the adviser of the aristocrats of the Chateau de Louvet I would not have been making fetes, lighting lanterns, and waxing salon- floors for _ satin shoes and diamond buckles just at this par ticular moment.' . . ? ?' 'More especially,' added the thoughtful citizen, blowing a cloud of smoke among the rafters, ''with Citizen Deputy Gi-e'bauval mounting ^ip to the head of affairs.' 'They, say,' remarked the first speaker, ?'that the duchess was inclined to favor the deputy's suit and that the heiress herself was vastly civil to him, but that Citizen Henri, otherwise the count, insulted him and that they fought.' 'No!' exclaimed another. 'Fought, did you say V' 'I said fought— that was my very word; and moreover the deputy disarmed the fiery younjj viper.' ' Vive la nation !' shouted Jacques Renaud, rushing in from the doorway in the midst of the conversation. 'By all means,' was the reply; 'but manners, Master Blunderbuss, you have in terrupted a conversation.' 'Many another will be interrupted before many hours are over,' said Jacques, flinging liis greasy hat upon a seat and rubbins his dirty hands through his matted hair. ' Are you off to Paris, then ?' asked a quiet '. man from a corner of the sanded room. ' Vive le peuple !' was the reply of the . gobe- mouch. ' A mort tous les aristocrates !' It was a rasping voice in which Jacques Renaud called down anathemas upon the aristocracy in general, and the blouse he wore was dark with stains of drink and mud. He was a cowardly ragamuffin and he looked it, from his narrow forehead and little peeky eyes to his great sprawling half-shod feet. 'Less noise, if you please,' said Pierre, the landlord, putting his round well-shaped head into the room; u one would think the Revo lution had taken a fre-sh start.' 'And so it has,' said a newcomer, who had followed him and was standing by his Bide as he spoke, ' and so it has, my brothers. A bottle of wine, good Pierre, to drink to our noble selves, the sovereign people.' Pierre bustled out to his wife in the little bar and brought two bottles of wine— 'One for you, Citizen Neroc. and one at my own charge to drink to our better fortune.' Citizen Neroc was a person of local note and a red-hot revolutionary. He wore a red sash about his ample waist and a cockade in his tall hat ; and. moreover, carried a pair of pistols' in his waistband. Madame Angelique came forth from . her parlor to greet him. , She was low-browed, with a wide thin-lipped mouth, broad- shouldered bnt flat-bosomed, wore a 'loose gown opon so that it exhibited her eiuewy .'neck. She had bright flashing eyes, and by way of contrast a rIow deliberate manner of _ speaking. And ehe was more or less Biblical in her smiles. 'Well, Citizen Neroc, are we smiting them hip and thigh ?' she said, putting out a hard Jbroad hand, which he raised to his lips with an air of serious gallantry. ' Are we takinor our vengeance upon the enemies of the Lord and His people?' ' Wo are marching on,' said Neroc, ' the news whereof will reach you all in good time. Vive la Trance !' .Pierre had filled every glass. 'To France !' shouted a dozen volce3 ; ' And down with the aristocrats !' said Renaud, to which madame, raising her hand for silence, ap pended, And let us begin at the enemy within our catos— Down with the Louvets !' 'Stop!' cried Pierre. 'Stop, I say, or. by God, I will Btab the man who doesn't !' . and he drew_ from a sheath hanging upon his hip a formidable knife. 'Drink what it ? please you against the enemies of France ; out the Louvete are none and they are my friends and this is my bouse.' ? Pierre's manifesto created general consterna tion. ...??' ; ' Tour house ?' said madame, facing him. : 'My house ;!' said Pierre, 'and I will keep IteUonbr dean— if such' canaille as Citizen Xtenaud does not make that quite impossible.' _ It was only once in a way that Pierre con tested the supremacy, cf his wife, but when he did bo Ms usual calm nature bunt all bounds ; a very Vesuvius,' it overcame all' obstacles/ Madame, to the amazement of everyone, made ho reply; and Renard, to no one's surprise,: slunk with his glass into a corner and gulped down his liquor. 'We are not here to destroy the domestic peace of the Lion d'Or,' said the Parisian, ' so let the toast stand ' Vive la Nation !' ' ' Vive la Nation !' responded the company and the wine disappeared, as did also Monsieur Neroc, who remounted the horse he had tied to the post at the door and rode off towards St. Germain. Before a fresh order of wine at the command of the Parisian had been drunk there arrived, with a clatter of horses' hoofs and a rattling of arms and accoutrements, the Deputy Gre bauval himself and a company of the National Guard. [To hecordinued.) 