MEETING NIGHT. The German professor, when he had fin- ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass-for, though he had brought his big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning-suddenly turned to us, and said: "It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold-" We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story; he al- ways began in this way, without preface. "in my native village," he said, "people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call' Meeting Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be- lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather asolemn proceeding,especially in an empty church at midnight, "One man who had lst his sweetheart did i. They said be saw her, bathe bled.to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. SWhen I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the psst: leftinhaste. Ihadhadaquarrewithw my cauin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady 1 loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold en thespot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn-the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He. looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. Idid my best to wound him. He merely defended. himself. Then be lay onthe ground at my feet, and my second hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. G l" hb said. ' The quicker the betterl You have killed your coasin Leopold. Thin place will not be safe for yeou. "The conchman drove furionly. As for me,twasina sortfdream. 'Had Ikilled Leopold whom I loved sol' I asked myself. Then I replied: 'He deserved it. He de servedit. IdidwelL' "The next day I left Germany. 1 same to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in the midst of the great throng in Col. lins Street, I met Frito Wegner. He looked like a ghost-gray, hollow.cheeked-scarcely more than a skeleton. " You see it,' he said, as I glanced at him; 'I am dying. This is my address. Do not come until I send for you; but when I do, come at once. Swear it.' "' Iy friend.' I said, 'let me come before that. Let me help you if I can.' "'No. he said.' no;' and tsrned away. "Toroe msnths afterwards a messeagni came to me at midnight, and said: " 'Fritz Wagner has sent for you.' "I found him dying, bat he had strength. to speak. " Frederik,' he said, ' I have a confession to make. I lied about Therese. I was in love with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the rest, itwas true enough ; hut the Leopold was her sister a little baby. named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. i took me eath ttoe terot oc my stalement For that I am suffering the torments of the lost.' " With these terrible words on his lips, he died. " And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered my true love, Thoreose, and my dear coasin. Leopold. I could not vest. I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, bat t resoleed at last to returo and see Therese, who, if she lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness. and to give myself p to the asthori ties as my cousin's murderer. This,! fanced, would be an expiation. "I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever. and sailed in the nextsteamerfor my native home. "I travelled many miles ever land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last I reached it late on the night of astormy summer day. Iwalked from the statian to the hotel, and on my way the lightning flashed through the heavens. I passed a tree rivce from tap to rout byua recent strohe, and' saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. " I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. An Idid so.a feather..fell from. is .bees'. aing,andon the ainstant it occurred to me that this very night was the mystic Heting: Night, and that it was with the quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meeto at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the suoperastition; hat I wa in a strange ood, and betoyond shone the win. dowsof the cathedral, open day or night to any worshippcr. "I seirled the little quill I tured my steps towaed thesaruredeifiee Itwos empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and' far between. I passed up the aisle, and. kneoling, touk a knifo from my peket andt eut my inger slightly ;then, having pointed the little qoill, i dipped it in my hlo:d sod wrote the name of Loopold. The thunder rolled overhead m I did so. The colos of the painted windows grew brilliant as the lightning lashed, and then again wore dim and dusky. Soddenly I heard a vaice breathe my naie-' FrederiekI" Iteame from above. I looked up: aIn the gallerystood a oiare all Je black, save for a whsle baud uopn 110 fure. bhead, It had the fceo of Therece, but paler, thinner. Ito white band, were here. It stretchcd them cut towartli me. as in greet. ing. It waved them lIafrecll. It was gone.: \- "A spirit bed appeared to me-Theress'a spirit. Theno she too. was dead. Still on my knees. powerless to meoe; I awaited the mysteries of this stsange nigbt. Again I woo accorded a vision. Leupohl stood there-a oad, gray Leopold-but I knew him. I uttered his name: He answered,. 'Is it Frederick f' I! (Shost of my, friend.' I reelied.'i hove returaud to jhe expiation. Frito Wagner lied to me, and Jo f le)( my lore, and mur. dererdyo. Ihave disueureed tke truh. I return to ire myself o justire. k'og 'Shall o beavened, dear spirit. toay for me in bgsycn, aqd forgive m ', \- "The spirit adfced. It sthied. ItI seized me by the hands with a warm, living clasp. "' I will forgive yo,' he said.'" God knows I have forgiven; but e I .only hope for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. Yo'ndid not kill me. I recovered in a little while. A' jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' . "He opened hisarms. Ifellintothem. We embraced. "But Therese ' I said. 'Surely, it was her spirit that I saw.' "I saw it alo,' he answered. ' Teerese is dead to the world. :She is anninthe coa vent close at hand. After you bad been gone five years, I asked her to marry me ;. but she" could love but once. : When her mother died she took the veil. On this an niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. This ,is the night , also come. And Theree looks down on me and smiles. This she esteems a sin, and expiatee with penance; but live on it theyeaour through. .o-nigh se saw onrly you. She forgot me. Ah, Frederick, what follryou committed in' leaving her r "I bowed myhead-in contritionand'just at.that momeat there arose from the dark -gallery the sott, sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. "Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then, arm in arm, we left the cathedral. "I returned to Australia soon afterward.' Leopold remained bellind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting ight-every year until the last he wrote: :*,." Ihave seen her. With her eye sohe ent t.- a. ire. -hnaves "Ibtlast year this is what he wrote: "'She is ded. I believe that shs will be yours in heaven; not mine. But Ishall love her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle.-"I didn't al. ways plough the earth for a living," mid Farmer Penuckle. "I was once a winemer chant'sclerk'in Melbourne. I married young, and my wife, who is sitting there now, with the reputation of being as good a farmer's wife as there is in the country, made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. -Like many young couples we had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we were not able to pay all the sums as they fell due. Every thing seemed to be going againstus, and our little girl was sick. When I camehomeearly one Saturday afternoon and found crape hanging to.my door bell. My heart was in my mouth and tears choked me as I met my -wife. " So dear little Minnie is gone I' I said. ' Minnie gone 1' eaid ytwie. 'Oh, no. But the broker's man will be round in a minute to seize the furniture, and I thought possibly te crape might check his.' "Irtchecked him. He halted his waggona dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe to the door, examined the crape, and went softly away, afraid, apparently, that some one might hear him. Minnie recovered, and a few days afterwardwI scraped up enough ,money to pi y the bill, but I haven t bought Sanythin o'instalments since." Fortune in .the Teacup.--ere are a few "old women'a signs" for you, girls: It single persons happen to have two spoons in their cup, it is ' sign that they will figure preminently atra wedding before the year is out. If you put milk or cream in your tea before the sugar, it will "cross your love." If a tea- stalk.floats in the cup, it is called "a beau." Utnmsried ladies, when this happens, should stir their tea reond briskly, and then plant the spoon uprightly in the cup, holding it quite still with e fingers. If the"bean" In its gyratlons is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the "beau " will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the cup attract, the " bea " will not come. We may observe that it depends upondthe state of the atinosphere whether the tea-stalk isattracted to the middle or the sides of the cup. It is a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small air babbles, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect themselves and remain int tre the re o e p. Thelcona trary when they straggle to the ide-it will certainly rain.in a few hours. It is a pleasant thought, indeed, for the poor man to know that gold is even now still growing.. Mr.BrewghSmyth'hsa.hwn that'it can be deposited nowadays in.appre. eiableaqantitiemwithin comparatively short periods. Bits of aineralired timber and beams from the galleries of the older work ings in Australlantines have been found to exhibit, under the microscope, particles of gold intermixed wit crystals of iron pyrites, all through the central parts of the wood; and this gold mst, of course, have gathered there from solution in water during the few years that have elapsel since the sfirudis covery of the precious metal in Austraa. Moltke and Bisasak.-A young. lady, says D"I Deut-ch TS;glOlft, haviorgasked Moltke and- Bismarck te favor her with a few words-in her album, the former wrote: Lies pass away, truth lives for aye. To which the Chancellor wrote: In yonder world,-fll well I know Truth will at ldt the victory gain; But 'gainst the lies told-here below 'A Marshal e'en will fight in vain. Two French balloon 'expeditions are contemplated-by distinct balloonists. One. merely to cross the whole of France frod West to East: the reverse direction is objec tionable. as it might land the balloon in hostile Germany. The other enterprise is from France to the United States. This balloonist' thialu.he-can do the distance in threedays and nights. The Hawaiian "army" 'consists of .one "' Generalissimo," five Colonels, five .Mkjrs, one Adjutant-General, one. Qaartermatler. General, one Intelligence Officer, one engi neer, one aide.de- camp, one adjutant, one captain, two lieutenants, eight sergeants, sixteen corporals, one bandmaster, t*bety four bandsamen, and sixty privates. An English postman at Whitby, named Peacival, las just completed his fortieth year of service. He has served unader four. teen Postmaster-Generals, walked seven 'thousand miles in the disotfarge of his duties, and delivered five millions of let. ters. - , . . . I S1 A forgeh:ammer b? .sn Inhented.in England whc'i? ii driven ygas instead ol steam. 