FIGHTING WITH CHEESE. Tho most remnrkablo ammunition ever heard of was used by the cele brated Commodore Coe, of the Mon- tevidian navy, who, in nn engage- ment with Admiral Brown, of the Buenos Ayrenn service, fired every ,-lnt from his lockers. " What shall we do, sir P" asked his first lieute nant. It looked as if Coe would have to strike his colours, whon it ooourred to his first lieutenant to use Dutoh che?se as cannon balls. There han- p. n.-d to be a large quantity of these on board, and in a few minutes the 1 fire of the old Santa Maria (Coe'a ship) which had ceased entirely, was rc- opened, and Admiral Brown found more shot flying over his head. Di rectly one of themstruok his main mast, and as it did so, shattered , and flew in every direction. "What the diokons is the enemy firing ?" asked Brown. But nobody could tell Di- recti- another came in through a port and killed two men who were near nim, and then, striking the opposite bul warks, bunt into pieoes. - Brown believed it to ho some new f angled paixhan or other, and as four or five more of them came slap through his sails, he gave orders to filo away, and aotuailylwoked out of the fight, receiving a parting broad side of Dutch cheeses. Much interest has been evoked by the appearanoo in the afreets of Ber lin of an'ambulanoe propelled by cy- olists. ' The apparatus consists of o kind of litter resting on a frame of fivo wheels, three of which aro in the front, in the form of an ordinary tri- oyole, and two at the baok. Tho dri vers sit at each end of the litter, whioh is covered by a removable roof with little windows, and provided with a pneumatio bell, so that the patient cdn 'communioate with' those in charge.- Beneath the carrige are boxes lot dressing-materials, instru ments for first aid, eto. There can be no doubt that this invention will bo of. the utmost uso in small towns where the maintenance for horse am- lanoo is out of the question. In tho dark hours of Sunday morning a week ago, says the Hohart (Tns.) Mercury, a young man was wonding his way home wards past tho disused burial-ground in Campbell-street, when ho saw a tall white- robed figure stalking among tiro tombr, IIo did not run away, but " went for" the ghost, only to find that it was a 'young woman in hei robo tie chambrc, and in a sound sleep ! 'While inoditatiug as to what was to be done, ho was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him' his" busi ness' in a gruff sort of way. Explanations followed, and it came out that tho ghostiy- 'ooking figure was tho wifo of a respectable ar Imo, who, missing her from his sido, rose from his bod and went to look for hsr, and fniird her wandering in tho gloomy ncorop i i - 