MELBOUltNU BOXING. DEIB BESTS M'CARTY In Tou Hounds. DENNY AND HEUARTI C0NTE8T. What the Fomor Hm to Say— Coming (Br 'CooNTEn.') .??-'*'?:;-''' MblbodbRe, Monday. Th*o nnnonnoemeat that Dan Monagle, of Port Molboums, one of Petor Newton's pupils, aud Jim Deir would box the beat of ton rounds, drew n full house at Nathan's on Saturday night. Monagle, however, a couple of days ago got his hand poisoned and was unablo to fulul his ongngement. M'Carty took his place, and made a good substitute, oonaidarwg ho wo* out of oonditlon. The preliminary items were furnished by Dnnbar and Jobnson (Sydney), and Edwards (Sydney) and Milsom. Shortly after 0 tha oontsst of the ovening oame on (or decision. Doir was looked aft«r by Andy Fonually and Jim Jacobs, whilst M'Carty had Nipper Poakoa *nd Laurie in his ooraor. Joo CuIIen officiated as reforee, Jaok Mitohall held the watch, whilst BUI Dohtrty ohooked the seconds. Dsir adopted big usual oramped style, whilst Mac dauaed around the ring at a lively paoo. Tho latter plaoed the loft lighty on tha nose and stopped baok. Jim followed him up, and as Mao was attempting to break away ho stepped through tbo ring, but was pushed baok. On gotting to the oentre of tlie rug Doir poppod tha left in the fs-oo, bat wan smartly orossod with tho right on tho lug. Thero was a quick connter, after which Deir lot go tho left vioionsly, but Moo duoked uuder tho blow beautifully. More clinching followed, Mao showing olovor footwork. Deir kept on top of him, and thero were cheers as bo lauded M'Carty plump iu tho face. Deir lot go tbo right, and again Mao escaped by ducking. Mao, coming up quiokly, landed tho loft ou the face. A loft counter olosod tho round. In tho Rocond round Deir doliverod a blow vory low down, which Miok did not approvo of. Jim replied that it was purely aaoidoutal. Shortly' afterwards Doir visited the ribs, but by way of ohuugo M'Carty jabbed him in tho face. A bit of a sorimuiago followed, during which M'Carty got on to the sido of Jim's face. Tbo latter, bonover, failod to tako ad vautage ot a couplo of easy cuauoes .to infliot puuiMhoiont. Tliero was some quick two handod oouutering, M'Carty getting very closo to tbo point with a swinging right. Dior openod-tho third round by placing his left glovo on his adversary's nook, bat tho latter booked his man well with the loft. Af tor thoy woro ordorod to broak away from a clinch, Doir tried for the body, but Miok jumped away oat of danger. Jim thou worked Mao into a cornor. Tho latter was unablo to get away, so ho Bot himself and awaited tho uttook. Doir at him and after sooring a oouple, Mick slipped under bis arms aud was away liko a Bhot. He quiokly pulled up, and ?ont tiio loft on the dial. Moro clinching follbwod, after which ' Mu.0 tried a right upperout, but mlmod. A bit of fumbling ousued, Dair swincing both bauds, but missing turned complutofy around, and before bo could sot hluisulf Mac plaood the loft on his face. Somo K'ood loft exchanges in favor of Doir torininatod the round. Hound .-1 was somowbat unoventful. Deir kept woll up to his man, and jabbed him in the face onoo or twico. Mao, however, dodgod most of bis loads by duckuig and clinching. Finally Mick poked the left iu tho fooo. Doir paid him back with three right-handers at short intorvals. Towards tho imu of tho round thero wero some vmart but harmless ex changes. Mac appo&red; to bo a little bit woarr on ooming up for the fifth round. Doir quietly and patiently worked him into iv oornor and let go loft and right, but M'Carty duokod olsvorly and escaped. Ha raturned withoutdelay, and slopped Jim in tho face with tha left.. The latter got oven with a good body punch. After this Mao kept atvay, and Dalr was uuablo to do anything. M'Carty noted entirely on tbo deCeusivo in tho sixth round, aud showed wonderful olovcr noss on his foet. Deir tried all he knew to oatoh him, bat ho did not have a ghost of a show. If Mao oould not glide away ha would simply duck uuder Dair'i arms and olinob. Approaohine the termination of tbo round Jim suoceoded ia introducing a oouplo of left upporoats. M'Carty adopted tho samo t&otios; in tbo noxt round, but now and again oxobanged lofts. Once Deir wont dungerously oloso to tho point of his chin. Ha also Rot woll on to his body, and drove Mick, who was now doad tired, to tho ropes. M'Curty inado a bit of a brush in tbo oponing of the eighth rouud. Twice ho roaohed tbo fuoo with tho loft, and Hido-stopping beautifully, be banged tho right on to tho lux, olioitiuK cheers. Some rapid cxobangCB fol lowed, but Mick died away to nothing. From this out Miok was too weak to mako much of a show. Ho simply hung oat time by ducking and clinching. ? Once Deir acci dentally threw him in tho nluth round. A foul was claimed, but disallowed. Burly iu the tenth round another unsuccess ful claim for a throw wns disullowod. After this Deir mado anotbor big effort to finish bis man. Mae, who, by the way, put iu oue or two good hits, waa too smart for him. At the conclusion of the tenth round tho refereo doo.'ared Doir tho winuor. Ha had vory little tospura, bowovor. 