SOMEBODY 3A.Y3- That ovcry can li Into won't be returned, but "William McCourt will. That it tried hard to rain on Wednesday, but couldn't. The tanks up above must have run dry. That the pork pie' and the bvan pie were about the only pies that wera.not in evidence at-the Primi tive pie supper on Wednesday night. That the caretaker of tha Suhool of Arts, when ho sees a person sitting so near the stove as to pre vent others getting a, warm, has got a habit of increasing the heat in the stove, to the danger of setting the individual on fire. It moves'era. That the Bowral Free Press is now 2/- pec quarter in advance, 2/6 it booked. That the council will soon bo wanting the streets, rolled again. A number of our amateur bicyclists have been rooting up the metal with Jheir feet and tliefr heads. That this is the last general election when the Bow ral School of Arts will be used lor voting in. New court house next time. That the " new woman " is very glad to become the "old woman" again when the right man comeB along. That the Berrima District Progress Association is about to give up fha ghost, liven the new secre tary has failed to lead it on to prosperity. Car miohael should never boast again. That Sir Henry's fiiends are trying hard to get him to ^ont^stithe-Jung Division of -Sydney against l'LsraieiftKkiiT. '. Things would be lively-a regular tarantula and centipede fight. That the fros's burst the pipes leading from the ? council chamber into the tanks. That the council acted gracefully in granting Clerk Furrow a few weeks' leave on full pay through ill ' health. That the ether-oxy light of the School of Arts never shines at all now. Why ? That Lord Ilosebery would have fallen long before . his time but for his Derby winners. That everyhoiy hopes to see Mr. Farrow himself again soon. Also Stationmaster Kenny. That Bowral has put up a reoorJ. Ice 3 inches thick on a big pon 1 at Cordcaux's between here . and Berrima. That the dissolution has come about because the ftIittagon<5 Express predicted it. That barraoking will bo strong and furious nfc the match'this afternoon. That the Association will hive their work cut out again. Picton are nit at all slow. That Sfyra Vale are very fond of putting on their : "coats and walking off. That four couples spent Wednesday afternoon among the rooks. on the Gib, and indulged in . Billy tea.-- Comirig homo two of the party got nccidently lost on purpose. Oh Bob 1 That " Noble people never fall on Wood " was the remark of a young lady when a policeman (old her to be careful not to fall going up the Coffee Boom stairs. That the candidate ^ Bines up from a world of sin And sadness, And tolls of an era he'll bring in Of gladness; .Bat the people corns of a jocular stock. And mock To madness. 