HISTORY OF NEW ZEALAND A second edition of Mr. Rusden's much discussed History of New Zealand has been called for. The new edition opens with a statement regarding the action brought by Mr. J. Bryce, a leading politician and ex-Minister consequent upon the imputation that, he took part in the murder of Maori women and children. Mr. Rusden gives his view of the case at length. The gist of the position is that on the application for a new trial Mr. Bryce consented to reduce his languages to an amount that I would pay his costs and expenses, and Mr. [{(isden '.' retracted everything he had written against Mr. Bryce, and expressed regret for having so written." in the text all reference, to Mr. Bryce is now omitted, time! it could be wished that the same course had, been adopted with regard i to one at least gallant lighter, who is not alive to defend himself, he having died really in the discharge of his duty in the field a short time after the disputed incident. The volumes contain a mass of information, and they are written with much vigour. Mr.- Kgsden is an enthusiast, and his zeal has enabled him to put life into his work. But it may be thought by some that the volumes are misnamed. They might with great ino priety have been called the "History of the Native Question in New Zealand." Nine tenths of', the volumes relate to this subject, and yet for the last five-and-twenty years the, native' question has been of but small im- portance in the colony. The inquirer must look elsewhere for any sufficient accounts of the discovery of gold, of the transformer limit effected by supplanting fern with English grass, of the development of the frozen meat industry, of the many experiments in land legislation tried, of the social legislation, of the causes and influences which are combining to make the New Zealand of to-day and of the future. The native question occupies the bulk of every chapter, The idea is conveyed that Rewi and Tawse line have been material factors in New Zea- a fund life of late, whereas they have been i recluses and curiosities. Although that I Highlanders made a good deal of stir in a Great' Jirimbi dunn:: the 18th oven- J Jury, yet Lecky's history of the 13th ' century would have been open to criticism if i it had' turned on Highland story almost ( alone, and for the first quarter of a century j the Maori can be aptly compared to the '< Jacobite Highlanders. New Zealand has, lived its history apart from them. Of (the Maori cruise Mr. liu«ulen is the ardent champion. Ike quotes testimonials | to show how much his first edition was appro ciated by other Maori advocates, while he. ' quotes also from the New Zealand press to show that he has been called on account of that first edition " a prejudiced and m'aligtiantfanntic." The truth may reasonably I I be supposed to lie between the two extremes. ' [ An opinion may he expressed, however, that the Maoris could have been more effective- ¡ tilly championed if Mr. Ittisden find tempered ! his zeal with discretion. The difficulties that i beset the early settlers might well receiver more consideration from his hands. The feature of New Zealand that struck Captain I Cook was the extraordinary number of fortified places to be seen on all hands, from which he inferred that the Maoris we're a! turbulent lighting race and Captain Cook ] was not aware that near these pahs tire often to he found the earth ovens in which lite I victors cooked the bodies of the claim for ' their cannibal feasts. Conliicls could ' scarcely be avoided with such it race, high , spirited and remaining, terribly warlike and. tearfully argumentative and trick) cann j bals who thought it a duty " to revel in revenge." If there were deplorable limits on both sides often many from ignorance- I who can wonder: A frank admission of faults on both sides will clear the way for any future histories or New Zealand, and such an admission will have to be made by the writer of any work destined to be accepted as permanent history. One can be states-' I held with the Maoris, who are one of the finest, and most interesting of all savage races, without dispersing the white" man. Mr llusdcu's volumes are a brief for the prosecution, or an extended denunciatory pamphlet, and it is the greatest movable pity that so much industry and zeal should not have been applied to more national writing stage'. It is to be regretted that Mr. Rusden did I not accept the correction of his narrative pub-' fished in the columns of this paper, but adheres to his statement that the British i E forces killed women and children in the action i I at Hungtnohitt. The strongest proof is required to substantiate a statement of this kind, and Mr. Iliisilen prefers vague' j rumours that a Maori chief complained of the British " killing women and children and burning people arise in j i their sleeping houses " to the specific statements of independent witnesses on the spot. In a note Mr. Iliisiien report states any idea of reflecting on Bishop Sel wyn, but if what he says occurred at ! llaugiaohia, it is impossible to exculpate the ' i Hilliup from being an accessory. There is no imputation upon Bishop Selwyn, and the conclusion must he that the story is untrue', I Other imputations will, we hope be omitted, ' as the work is reissued. Thus there is the allegation (page -TJ2, vol. 'J) that I (General Chute gave orders that a Maori a prisoner. of war should be shot in cold blood, and that the officer who had to carry out the order shed tears of shame," and that this man was a "miserable victim" whose ghost ought to have marred the Governor's banquet to the General. We may depend upon is it that there are two sides to that story. A similar imputation affecting -Sir George Ure) (page -field's, vol. 1) will scarcely be credited by those who know that eminently Immune veteran, and might well be left out. These are specimens of the instances in which Mr. lttisdcii unfortunately allows his feelings to master his judgment. A little more consideration for the white man would have added greatly to the value of the work, without in any way detracting from the virtues of the Maori. No doubt, on the other hand, the passion which Mr. Rusden puts into his pleas helps to make his work Interesting reading?. * timbers in their infants. Hy 0. W. ttiunleüt. Melbourne : Mell Hie, Mullen, and Slade. 