Original N ve'ette. T H E - Royal George Reef. An Austral'an Tais. [ALL RIOUTS KKEEUVJID.] II.—(CONTINUED.) BY PAULTWYFOBD. * This, then, simply meant* that henceforth you and I are to be strangers,' said Fred. ' N—no : I didn't say that, neither did I mean it ; though, if you wish it to be so, sc let it be,' replied Kate. ' It is better. We may be lovers, but friends, never,' said Fred, huskily. •Very well, we will leave it at that though 1 don't accept your dictum as correct. Will you TOW-me home, please 'i' He obeyed her, mechanically. The boat had drifted a long way below her father's mansion at Castleren.y-h; but Fred, aa he sullenly bent to his lontr, powerful stroke, soon made headway lijrainst the rushing watei-s. Within Lim raj^cd a perfect tornado of passion, and much as he loved the girl he was filled with a devilish desire to ' catcL it crab,' and so capsize the skiff. This would afford hint the opportunity to either save her life or let her drown. But he knew she could swim like a duck, and therefore a voluutaiy • immersion would servo him nothing:; though.. if in upsetting the boat both ot them should be drowned, that should be something gained. It was a selfish thought; and jus; then, he felt mad enough, and wicked enough to have done wbat his evil genius prompted him to do. But there was uocertaintyabo.it it, for she would surely be no party to her own destruction—indeed,' why should she r He was to blame, and he knew it. She had shown herself a true woman, possessing both sense and firmness, and he i felt humbled He was tlioioughly a-sbamed of himself, but too obstinate and self-willed to admit having erred, and too proud to ask forgiveness. During Fred's stiff pull against the. rapiO st>-<!am, Kate could not help conijniseratinir with tlie misguided young mat;; and she smiled pityingly, as he held down his head so as to escape her gaze. Poor follow ! fiht tbought', 1 he'll come :onnd by the tir/K wo reach the house. He did not, though ; and when he made the boat fast at the Utile stoue jetty, he hadn't even the good manuei^ to assist her to land—not that she required his help, though she fully expected it. And when they arrived at the broad, cool verandah surrounding the house and never extended ti him her usual invite to partake of refresh - ineut, Fred pulled his cabbage tree hat over his eyes and strode away without sayi.-.-g ' good bye.' Ee was a rude young man : but a magnificent animal for all that; and Kate Eobey knew it. As Fred strode homewards—his father's farm was half a mile or so farther up the river—he cursed himself for being an intemperate fool and a block head'- which lie really was—and vowed that Kate Robey mn the only woman worth having—thus sho wing that the fellow was not altogether lost to reason, and that his judgment of womankind was sound. But what a contrary mortal in: must have been, for only a while ago he had actually contemplated both murder' and suicide ! III. Riverview stood on an eminence close to, and overlooking the Nepeau ; it was as comfortable an old-fashioned country house ' As any iu the laud may be, Built in the old colonial day, When man lived in a grander way, With ampler hospitality' At first sight it had too much of the appearance of a fort about it; but though externally looking so—being built of huge clocks of undressed sandstone—recent improvements had made it very comfortable within—for Kate Robey's refiuing hands were seen everywhere. She was practically mistress, and she spared no expense to make the old "family maasiou conform with modern ideas and requirements, and now under her controlling hand ' A region of repose it seems, A place of slumber and of dreams.' In the old days it might have been a Government barracks ; and now it was not only the largest and strongest house in the district, but the oldest; and no doubt, if its massive walls could speak they would furnish gruesome food for the sensational novelist- Here Kate was bom, .and here her grandfather, and her mother died.;. For some y«>:rs, assisted by a governess, she .bad an old rouplo. u" caretakers when the family was away. She had not only acted a mother's part towards her younger "brothers and sisters, but had managed her father's affairs as circjum- Bpectly as a grown woman could have done. She understood her position "well; and so ong as her father was a -widower, and until the younger ohUdren were grown up,' «h« felt that her place was here, or at the town house ' on one of the bays of Port Jackson. Her father was at one or the other of his several stations the greater part of the year; he had the most implicit faith in Kate, and it never occurred to him that she was merely a girl, or that anything could possibly go wrong where she was concerned. She loved Fred Jlorley ; but her duty to her father and brothers and sisters was paramount; and if Fred would be unreasonable it was no fault of hers. This old country house was Kate's harem of rest after the season's excitement in Sydney. For ' Round this old-fashioned, quaint abode •Deep silence reigned, save when a gust Went rushing dowu the country road, And skeletons of leaves and dust, A moment quickened by its breath, Shuddered and danced their dance of death; And through the ancient oaks o'er head, Mysterious voices moaned and fled,* and, one might add, when the river swept madly, impetuously by in flood time: But Kate was not much of a sentimentalist, aud no fears of either ghosts or mundane terrors disturbed her. If a suspicious looking character came about the place and did not give a good account of himself, she displayed a stockwhip and let two fine mastiffs oft" the chain : if floods came and covered the low lauds, Kate was the first to go to the assistance of her poorer neighbours. Many a life she had saved, many a poor, houseless family she had sheltered and fed. She was loved by all for miles around, and ' Happy was he who might touch her hand or the hem of her garment.' She was rather proud of her physical accomplishments; for she excelled in swimming and rowing, was a most accomplished and fearless rider, could knock over black ducks and wild pigeons as well as any of the young men about, and play cricket and fence with the best, of them. Second to one only was she in any of these things, and that one was Fred Morley, and she honestly - confessed that he was hc-r master. No wonder, then, that she was proud of him, or that she loved him, for v f ' She was a woman now with the heart and hopes of a woman.' And when Fred loft her that evening in the abrubt manner I have described—so unlike himself—she felt more inclined to indulge in a good cry than ever she had in all her young life. And as she stood on the broad verandah, looking out over the broad expanse >.f lowland, a sad expression came over that noble face, usually so bright aud jolly, and -he appeared score beautiful, I am sure, than ever Fred Morley had seen her ; so lovely that had he been there he would have thrown himself at her feet and craved her forgiveness for his rudeness. She was, indeed, ' A sight to make an old man young.' ' What an unreasonable boor I have b"en,' fluttered Fred Morley to liimsclf as be strode rapidly ::!ong the lane leading to his father's farm. ' I have lost her for ever—and it serves me right. I can stay here no longer ; I should go mad to see her day after day and know that she was no longer for me. Besides, to remain here is simply to be a clod" ail my life ; and as a farmer merely I can never approach her again, after the insult I threw at her. No, I'll travel; and, though they oppose it at Lome, I will go. It is for the best (aud here poor Fred felt a choking sensation), even though I never 6ee her again.' And here, I think, Fred did a very sensible thing in deciding to see something of the world. It is about the best medicine a young man can take when afflicted as Fred Morley was. The poor fellow fairly groaned and cursed himself as an asR of the first magnitude. 1 She is worth a dozen of me,' he said, and he made a big vow that he'd prove himself worthy of her before years had sped But would she remain as she was ; and was it not rather unlikely that so charming a young woman as Miss Robey—handsome in face and figure, and the possessor of wealth —should remain unmarried simply because a mad, head-strong boy, whom she had oncc smiled upon, had made a fool of himself ? Whatever excuse Fred Morley made at home for this sudden resolve of his, is immaterial to this story ; and a few days after his abrupt departure from ' Biverview,' a well-equipped young horseman'was picking his way among the farms of the Gatlereagh Flats to the ' Falls,' which would lead him most directly to Bell's.Line. It was Fred, mounted on a young thoroughbred l-.e had reared, and ' got up' in the fashion usual in those days —strapped riding trouscrx, Crimean shirt ana cabbage tree bat. —while in front of him was strapped 'lis coat, and gun, and behind hie blankets, hobbles and quart pot. He was a picture as he rode , t owards the steep pass to the river, just then lit up with the first warm rays of the -morn-. ing sun. He and fcis steed seemed one, so weli were they matched, and together they were such as win favour in woman's eyes.. Fred Morley was a splendid fellow, and with a little breaking, in tie might have been a Bayard; as for his temper—well, a little adversity, travel, roughing it and strange company would soon tone that down and make him a more amiable being. He grieved sorely, though, as turning round in his saddle he took a long, wistful look towards Riverview, for he could still see the house on the precipitous bluff by the river ; and his heart went out towards the dear one he knew to be there, and <vho, he thought, would be mad with grief and vexation. But magnificent, a fellow as Fred Morley was, Kate Robey was certainly not crying her eyes out. Not she ; she was a woman, and he but a foolish, self-willed boy. At the same time, she knew what a real good fellow he was at heart; and when, later in the day, they told her that Fred Morley had left-home for the diggings, she paled and felt sick at heart—in fact, she felt inclined to cry, aud, only that her conscience did not accuse her of anything, she might have done so: she felt that she was in the right, and she kept aer tears for Pome other occasion. She had hoped, until told that Fred was gone, that he would come to her. ' Poor boy,* she had said, 'he is mad enough with himself by this time, and he'll be here by and bye, humble and contrite, and reasonable enough to see that he was all in the wrong.' But now it was all over; still, she believed tiiH.t he would come some day and confess to her that he was to blame.: However, 'Riverview ' all at once seemed intolerably dull and lonely, and next day Miss Robey went to Sydney for a change. And Fred !—well, he was jogging along Bell's Line, intending to make for the Turon by way of Cherry Tree Hill. rv. Ten years is a long time in the life of a man or woman ; and rs:i years had seemed long—oh, so long '.—to the four persons particularized in this narrative. Ten years had wrought great changes in some of thecn, if not all, and, -- possibly, .-- the changes r.ad , been , for the best. A big goldfield-the if.rgsst and richest ever known on this side or tbo Australian continf-nt—had just bees opened in the Mudfee dioirrsi , and brown "fae5.1-1 swagsmen, bearded like yards, wer;-. hurry- | ing thither from all parts ot Australia. | Gulgong, the centre of this large field, was 1 approached from Mudgee by three routes j known as the Piper's Flftt, Menah Flat and j Slasher's Flat roads; and i?:-? Oudgogougj River had to be crossed, no matter which ; i-outo one took. It was near the close of a I stiSiag hot day in February that two avrags- ' men rested by the riverside; they were j watching the rapidly rising stream, then j ronninir a backer, with con-'.derabie interest. j at tha Slasher's Flat crossing. They were ! riot only resting after a long days'f wa'.k, but wore speculating as to how they should cross i the turbulent waters. The ' promised land,' ] to reaob -which they had -walked ior many days In suooesslon, lay straight 'ahead; finfl aB the joint purse was at low ebb, it was .imperative that they should reach their goal that evening, : and bow to cross the stream they did not know. There had been a heavy thunderstorm tie previous day, and the waiers were likely to rise until the morrow. While thus impaled on the horns of a dilemma, as it were, a buggy, drawn by a pair of powerful, high spirited horses, dashed up to the edge of th6 stream on the same side as the swagsmen were; and without hesitation the driver—a dark visaged, masterful-looking, middle aged man—lashed the fiery animals into the angry waters. The thing was so sudden that the two swagsmen had not noticed a lady in the'vehicle until the horses were off their feet and plunging madly with the rolling waves, and the buggy had turned right round and was drifting down into the deep water below the ford. The two men hallowed to the driver to head up stream—aB also did some teamsters camped on the other side of the river ; but it was too late, for the vehicle had turned broadside on to the current, and was overturned before their eyes. As quick as thought the two men had'flung off their boots and dashed' into the seething foam; both were powerful swimmers, and, as good luck would have it, the teamsters had, with much judgment,' thrown a long rope to the foremost swimmer, who, however, was so intent upon saving the woman that he did not notice the action. His mate grabbed the rope, however, just as the other clutched the woman's dress as she was cast up from beneath the buggy. Her rescuer was himself in danger, for the current was too strong for him, when his mate, a much more powerful man, with an almost superhuman effort reached their, and, still grasping the friendly rope, was hauled ashore by the men on the bank. . He. -was. a splendid fellow, was this big, yellow-bearded swagsman, and the way he held on -to the rope while supporting the other two was surprising, and he was warmly cheered by the teamsters as he carried the apparently lifeless body of the woman up the bank. His mate was much exhausted, but was prompt in hiB instructions to the teamsters to run and get brandy, hot water— anything that would bring the woman to life. His eagerness was so intense that his big mate looked at him enquiringly, as he proceeded to loosen the lady's dres* : and the teamsters suggested How that as there was a public-house close by it were better to carry her there. They knew the landlady to be a ood, sensible woman, and she and her faughter would- do all that was required. This was immediately acted upon, and the poor woman was soon in : the hands of her own sex; while the two swagsmen were kindly supplied with dry clothing by the teamsters, afid quarters offered them for the night. Nothing was seen of either the man, the horses, or buggy : the first had been dragged out of the vehicle by the plunging hordes as he held the reins, and all were drowned; while his wife—if such she was—r ust have clung to the vehicle and thus saved her life. • By George, old man, that was a narrow escape,' said the stalwart hero of the rope, as they walked down to the teamster's camp ; 'but what's the matter with you—are you hurt ?' ' No, Fred, I am not hurt physically; but never mind now, let us make haste back to the house to see how she is, and get away from here. We must get our swags, anyhow, and shift our wet duds. But tell me. Jack, old friend, what made you look at the woman so strangely when we laid her on the bank?' ' It can make no difference ; wet or dry, let us go away. The lady—the woman we Baved—is well, she of whom I have spoken sometimes.' ' And yet you would run away from her, as soon as you see her, after all these years of absence ?' ' Yes, just as you run away from a certain young lady down on the Ncpean some years ago.' ' That'll do, Jack; we'll close the discussion. To rip up old sores is dangerous. Here we are ,at the camp.' My readers will have detected in my two swagsmen Jack Blandy and Fred Morley, who had been mates and close friends for some years. They had met at Cooma when on their way to Kiandra, and since then had travelled pretty well all over the Australian continent, and Now Zealand: They had had various luck at the Snowy, Lambing Flat, Forest Reefs, Glanmire, Gympiel and the West Coast, and were now as poor as ever they were. They had made money, of course, but speculation and travelling had absorbed most of it, and whatever they had • to spare they had sent home to their friends. Jack had not forgotten his father, and had assisted him with money to- educate bisbrother. Of Lily Fanishawe he had heard but little—simply that her father was de;:d and that she had left Basildon. Fred, too, had heaTd that Kate Robey was still unmarried, and that she was often a visitor at his father's farm. At the new goldfield they hoped to be among the lucky ones, and therefore were anxious to get-there, because, on a new goldfield, 'the early bird picks up the earlyworm.' -Opportunities were plentiful, the area of the field was large, and already several payable reefs and leads had been discovered, and there was every prospect of the permanence of the goldfield. Hence our two friends were desirous of continuing their journey as soon as possible. They would, have started that night only that their swags were still on 'the Mudgee side of the river, and their clothing was not yet dry The teamsters were very kind, and lodged them as comfortably as they would have been at the inn. Next morning, however, they were on tramp early, and calling at the inn to enquire how the lady was, heard that ;she was much better before she left with Mr. Prowse of Gantalang, and that she had left word with the landlady that, her rescuers were to call at Gantaiang House to see her. Gantalang was a fine property,of 4,000 acres situate on the Cudgegong River. The owner, Mr. Prowse, was the principal squatter iu the district. When gold was found at Gulgoiig, and traced in to his freehold Jland, he opened it out to the miners for a monthly payment, together with a royalty of a fifth of the gold produced, aud an entrance fee of from £10 to £50, according to position of Hie lead. (To BE COSTtSVBD.). The, man who pays his rent must- hustle, and the man who doesn't pay his rent is obliged to keep moving.—Lyun Item. Keep your ' boots shining—there is somemyeterious connection between a shiny boot and a : cheerful heart.—Atchison Globe. Some philanthropists take more pride in lifting a man from the gutter than in helping him acroBS it.—Donahoe's Magazine. Watch lyour conscience ; if it approves of everything you do it is an indication that you are becoming conceited.—Exchange. A Durham, N.C., politician is bringing a libel suit against a man who cartooned mm • as a Durham bull. He can't see the point of j the joke because he's the butt of it. \- i I As soon as the engagement is announced the average young man .begins^ to.observe, j that there areother girls besides his betrothed who are pretty.—Atchison Globe. OSes Boy—pere's two men out dere wants to sea yer; one of 'em's a poet and tother'n 's a dfsf man. {Editor—Well, go out arid tell the -poet that the deaf man is the editor.— Puck. ' Has old Tough quit smoking ?' inquired one man of another. ' I don't know whether he has or not, but he died the other ] day, 1 was the evasive, reply.—Philadelphia Record. Mrs. Yearwed—' I—I wish to look at some babies' shoes.' Shopman—' White kid?' Mm. y«rwed~«Sirl» 