A Boy’s Prank ancl Its Sesult3. Francis wa3 tlie boy’s name, ami Ad Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. Ho was the head of his class in school, but through his tricks he was always getting into A<ia, his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate—a very quiet, gontlo girl. No brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair hair, grey oyes, and that mischievous look which novor left his fane. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and beiug fond of reading ghost stories (the moio fright ing tho hotter), ho was able to pick out one to toll his sister that woulil^hava made tho hair of rnThis°uight tho wind was howling around the houso, and Frauds was telling his sister a most terrifying ghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Alia was looking frightened indeed. , “Now, vou silly thing, I expect you will be soeing a ghost,” her brother said. But Ada remembered tho ghost all the next day. Kven in tho aftomoou it haunted her. The school was nearly a.mile off, hut that day they wero lot out a little earlier than usual, in order to bo home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the tune she was half way home, she hadtostop at a neigh hoi’s house for shelter from the Btorrn. Francis had gone straight home. Down tho rain came in torrents, lightning Hashing everywhere. It was neaily dark when the storm was over. Tho water lay in nools on the ground. Ada had yet half a milo to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A watorholo that she had to go past was said to be haunted. ■V few months before a tramp had been fouud drowned in it. Since thon, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about thcro. As she walked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. . ,, , , , , Tho ghost story kept running through Ada’s head. Sho quits expected to see the tramp’s ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhole. « ()h ! If sho only knew some other track than that past tho waterhole.” Sho dare not leave the narrow track, winding in ami out among the bushes. She knew no other way. Hark ! what was that noise i Was not that something V It moved. It was not a stump, was it? She stood still. No,it was oulya shadow. But—something further on, quite white and motionless. Tho brauchos moved, and the light fell on it. Only a hough of withered leaves. Sho started on again, when something spraug out from behind a bush. It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. Tho ghost! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. Thoro it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans fixed ; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. , But was not the ghost rather small: It laughed. . To her the laugh was torriblo, hut in reality was one she should have known very Splash ! she waB in the waterhole! She had run right into it in her fright. Tho ghost’s hand fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. A few bubbles arose. That was all. Tho ghost saw this, and flung off Lhe shroud. Now it was tho ghost no longer—only Francis, Ada's brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a urga one, and ho could not find her. lie was frightened. What could he do ? If sho was not fouud at once she would ha drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. Had ho killed her : It was regret as much as fear that haunted Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as ho scrambled out he gave one look around. If she wero not saved, and it were known ho had played ghost, ho would get into trouble ; hung, perhaps, he thought. IIo thought ho need not say anything about it. Ho snatched up tho sheet which was now quite wet with tho shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a peltor. Rolling it up under his arm, he ran home. lie had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath tho gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fera and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home ho throw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up tho story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada, “ Ada’s fallen in tho waterhole; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn’t get her His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, but tho waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again clouded. Years ago—for tho waterhole was very old— a large treo had crashed right into it, and somo of its limbi still remained there. At last they got her dead body’, and carried it Francis, when bed-time came, was sent to bed. He had wrung the sheot as dry as possible, and put it iu his bed. Not a very comfortable bed, nor a very good A damp sheot and a guilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholes haunted him all night long. In tho morning he was told that Ada was The thought of how bad a brother he had been kept running through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into tho waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it. That day tho inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman’s sharp eyes seemed to read his very, thoughts, yet Francis ^was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Francis cried bitterly. He wauted to tell, and yot was afraid. The next morning ho did not get up. He was too sick to leave liis bed, aud had a fever ish appearance. In the afternoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. “ Clearly a case of brain fever,” ho said. * He must bo watched very closely, as there is no saying what he may do.” FronciB kept on calling to Ada during tho night. He believed sho was there, heaping him with reproaches. Tho next morning tho doctor came again, and gave Francis a sleeping draught. Soon after be sank into a quiet sleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. No one, he thought, in bis dolirium, waB there but Ada. “ Go away, Ada; go away. I did not know you would fall in. I only meant to frighten ^ His mother, who awoke at tho first sound, now started up, wondering. All of a sudden tho truth flashed on her mipd. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She hurried into his room, but he was not She looked out of the window. Ho was running into the scrub as hard as posaible, with a sheet thrown over hiB head. bhe ran out, ana alter mm, camns; to via father, who was working a little way oil. Both gave cliaso. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hole. Aa he now stood still they slackened their i ^ Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back lone, dark hair from its face. It was Ada! Francis stood still—looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, ho thought, Ada called him. Ho made a start, and foil in head first, and immediately sank, being unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. ] Ilis father jumped in to save Francis. He could not find him at once, for to dive under the -imb was decidedly dangerous, and when lie did at hist find him and threw him on the bank, he too was dead. 