WIT A1TD HUMOUS. Faith—" D -n't yen love the early poets ?" Morton (managing editor of a magiz'ne)— *' Yea, I do ; they're all dead." Poet—" Has the editor read the poem I left here yesterday ?'' Office boy—" I guess bo, air ; he's sick abed to-day." Wife—"There ccmes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day." Husband—" Imposaifel* I This must be his ghost." He—"I am ambitious fo go before the footlights." She—"Then you had better run along before papa comes downstairs.' Clara—" He has proposed three or four times and I don't know whether to accept him or not." Miude— "I woul j. Suppose he should stop." Judge—" Were you ever up before this court ?' Everett Wrest— " Can't say, judge. What time do your honour git up ?" Mrs MoBride—"Johr, dear, why are some grocers called green grocers?" Mr McBiide—" To distinguish them from cash grocers, dear." "Oh, I am awfuily wrried, I walk in j my sleep." " I only wish I could do it. If I could I'd still have my job. on the police j force." Tough—'• I want a d- zen egg*-, an' I wants ] 'em bad, see !"' Grocer—" Go to that grocer j across the street. Everything he keeps is bad." "Can't you trust roe pleaded he; " No decisively she said it. She oou;d trust no one ; you see, Firm she clerked fcr didn't credit. Mother—"That notepaper is certainly| quaint, but are you eure it is fashionable ?" , Daughter—" Oh, it must be. It's almost \ impossible to write on it." Pertly—'* There is one thing I have to say! in favor of the wind when it whistles. Dull-j head—" What's that 1" Portly—" It never whistles popular airs." Customer—" What in the world is that unearthly bowling overhead!" Cierk (smiling)—"There is a painless dentistry establishment upstairs, sir.'' j The judge—"I hope I shall not see you here again." Prisoner (who is arrested weekly)—"Not see me? Why, yer ain't gom' to resign yer position, are yer ?" The husband (bitterly)—"I wish I had known as much before I was married sb I da now." The wife—"So do I. Yon might really fcave amounted to something by this time." Mrs Longwed—" Have you any idea what is meant by the fires of love, dear ? ' Long wed—"Err—those the husband builds the first three months after marriage, I sup pose." Mrs Sargent (knowingly)—' It is said that the Lord never made two women a'ike." Ssrgcnt (tartly)—"Of course he didn't, or : you would never hear of a man getting mar ried twice." Preacher—"Every man must seme day settle his acconnt with nis Maker." Tailor —"I wish you could impress Mr Palmer with that idea. He hasn't settled with me in'about two years." Teacher—" Can sny of you tell me why flannel is comfortable in winter ?" Bright boy (in new underwear)—" It makes yeb hitch about and wriggle around, and tbe exercise beeps yeh warm.' "I'm a little worried abont my wife, and would like to have you run up and see her.' Doctor—" "What are her symptoms ?' " She allowed me to leave the house without ask ing for money.'' Little Ethel—" Why i3 it womens i always complainin' about tbo hired girl ?" Little DoW Oh, that's just so folks will know they can afford to keep one," 