CHATTEB X. Ore Deeajb Presre Ore Dead, a:;d Do Xot Fetd. Mim Vincent's engagement met with every body's approval, with the one exception of the marriageable young- ladies of the neighbourhood, who thought that Allan Care w had made a very i foolish choice^ and might certainly have done better for lihnself. "What good could come of marrying a gill who was neither English nor French; who had been educated in a Parisian convent, and who drove to .Salisbury every Sunday morning to hear mass ? 44 "What uncomfortable Sundays they will liavc 1" one of these voting ladies remarked to Bessie Edgefield, "and then how horrid for him to have a wife of a different creed. They are sure to quarrel about religion. Isn't the vicar drcadfullv shocked?" •4 My hither is rather sorry that Mr. Carcw should many a Roman Catholic. There is always the fear that he may go over to Rome—" " Of conrse. He is sure to do tlir.t. It will be the only way to stop the quarrelling. She will make liim a pervert." 3fr>. Mornington. on the other hand, flattered herself that hy her marriage with a member of the English Church, her niece would be brought to see the errors of Rome, and would very soon make her nppeoiancc in the family pew beside her husband. Lady Emily cherished the same hope, since, although a less ardent church woman than Mrs. Momington, she believed in Anglicanism as the surest road to salvation, and she dwelt also upon the difficulties tliat might arise by-aud by about the poor dear children, talking of those potential beings as if they were already on the scene. Here General Vincent lned to reassure Hie anxious mother. 441 have balked toyour sou," he said, t: and he is willing that it shall be with him and Suzctte as it was with h^r dear mother and me. If there are children, ilio sous am to follow their father's religion, the daughters their mothers." 44 Vfell I.suppose that kind of compromise is best, though no Roman priest would approve of it. And then there is the sail idea of the brothers and sisters being separated by their antagonistic opinions. I hope Sazette will come round to our way of thinking." " I doubt it vcrv much. She is as firm as a roolr. ' 44 Hear girl. She is so young, and there is plenty of time." While other people were thinking about these things for him, Ailau luul no room for thought or any kind, unless fond meditation upon the image of the girl he loved could b* dignified by the name of thought. For Allan life was a perpetual ccstacy. To be with Suzette m her own home, at the Grove, on the links, anywhere; to bo with her was all he ucodcd for his bliss. For his sake, his mother had prolonged her stay at Beechurst, in order that the two young people might he together ^ in the house where they were to live as man and wife. It was Allan's delight to inako Suzeitc familiar with her future homo. lie wanted her to feel that this wis tho house in which she was to live; that under hor fathers roof she was no longer at homo; that her books,. the multifarious h-ines and prettinesses which her girlhood had accumulated, might as well ho transferred at onco to tlio sunny, bow windowed upstair* room which was tobcherdcn. It was now a plainly furnished, matter-of-fact morning room, a room in which the admiral | had acted tho fassy futflities of his unoccupied life. The mnntcl-piecc, which had been built up with shelves and artful cupboards for the accommodation of the admiral's cigars, would serve excellently to set off Suzotte's zoological china; the Dresden pugs, and rats, and lobsters, and pigs, and Tabbits, her morsels of silver, and scraps of wrought copper would adorn the shelves, and nil her little odd9 and ends and nevcr-to-bo-finisked bits of fancy work would be neatly stowed away in cupboards. " Bat won't you want those dear little cubby houses for your own cigars?" asked Suzctte. " It seems so crnel to rob you of your uncle's snuggery. I have no doubt you smoke just as much :ls the admiral." "Notcigirs. My humble pipe and pouch can stow themselves nwny nuywiiero. I only smoke cigars out hunting^ and I keen a box or two in the saddle room for handfness. No, this is to be your room, Suzelte. I havo imagined you in it until I seem to be taking a liberty in writing a letter here. When are you going to bring the Dresden bow-wows, and the elephants, and mice, and lobsters, and donkeys —all about of a size^ by the way." "Oh, I could not possibly spare them," Snzettc answered quickly, making for the door. They had come in to look at the room, and for Suzette to give an opinion as to the colour and style of the new papering. It was to bo a Morris paper, although that would entail new carpet ana curtains, and a complete revolution as to colouring. " Spare them?" echoed Allan, detaining her. " Who want3 you to spare them ? When will you bring them with you? 'When are you coming to take possession of the house wliich is no home for me until rou ore the mistress ofit?" Tliis was J>y no means the first time tho question had been asked. Again and again had Allan pleaded that his matriage might be soon. There was no reason why he should wait for his wife. Hi3 position was estab lished, his house was ready; a lionso as well found as that flagship had been on whoso quarter-deck the admiral moved as a king. Why should he wait ? He could never love his future wife more dearly than he loved her now. All the framework of £is life would be out of gear till he had brought her homo to Hie hotisc, wliich seemed joyless and empty for want of her. "When is it to he, Snzettc? When anil to be completely happy ?" "What, are yon not happy, par'cxaiuple? Yon talked about overwhelming happiness when I said, ' Yes.1" ^ "That was the promise of happiness. It lifted me to the skies; but it was only the promise. I am pining for tho realisation. I want yon all to myself—to hare and to hold for ever and ever; beside my hearth ; inter woven with my life ; mine always and always; no longer a bright capricious spirit, glancing abont like a gleam of sunshine, and vanishing like a sunbeam; but a woman—my Very own —of one mind and one heart with me. Suzette, if you love me, you will not spin "out the time of dreams; yon will give yourself to me really and for ever." There was an earnestness in Ins tone that scared her. The blushes faded fromliercheaks, and she looted at him pale and startled, and sudden tears rushed to her eyes. "Ton said you would giro me time/' she faltered; "time to know you hotter—to he certain." And then recovering her gaiety in an instant—" Now, Allan, it is too had of yon. Did I not tell you that I would not l>e married till my one- and-twentieth birthday? "Why do yon tease nje to alter the date ? Surely you do not want to marry an infant." " And your birthday will be on the twenty third of June," said Allan rather sullenly. " Nearly a year from now." "Nearly a year front October to June! "What odd ideas you have uluut arithmetic. And now I must run and find Lady Emily. "We are going to drive to Morton Towers to gether." w Allan made way for her to pass, nn-1 followed her downstairs vexed and disheartened. Jlis mother was to leave liim next day; and then there wcmld ho one houso tho less in which he and Suzette could meet—the house which vrus to ho their home. lie had not visited Mrs "Wornock stneo her nocturnal perambulation, and ho had prevented his mother poxong licr n secoud visit, albeit tho hopo of a wliite pjn coek and a certain interest in the widow's personality had made Lady Kuiily anxious to call at the ?»Diuor. Allan liad found reasons for putting olf auy audi call, xviiliout saying one disparaging word about the lady. He bad heard of Mrs. "SVornwk from Gazette, who reproached hiin for going no more to Dwcombo. "1 did not know you ivera so fickle,*' nhe said. "I really think you have behaved abominably to poor Mrs. Wornock. Sho is always asking mo way you don't go to see her; and I am tired of Iuventing excuses." Suzette was at tho ifanor every other «ky. Mrs. "Wornock wu.s teaching her to play the organ. "Is it not Rwecfc of herl- " she asked Allan. c* And though I don't suppose she ever gave any ono a lesson in her life till slio began to teach ine, sho has Uio teaching gift in a marked degree. I lovo to learn-of her; I can play Rome simple things of Haydn's not altogether badly. Pcrhaps.yon will do mo the honour to come and hear mc some dar, when I have got a little further." "I will go to hear you to-morrow, if I may." *• What! Thou you have no objocKon lo Jlhcombe in tl»o abstract, though yon Ijhvc cut poor Mrs. "Womoek for the kit sir weeks J " "I was so much occnpied with my mother/' " And your mother waited badly to call upon Mra. Wornock, and you always put u. stumbling-block in her way. Bat I am nappy to say Lady Emily, ia to Luto the white ; peacock all the same. She is to hare a pair o£ birds. I have taken care of that.** " Liko a good and thoughtful daughter." "When Allan camo bock from the station, after seeing his mother safely seated in the Loudon train, he found a letter from Sirs. Wornock on the hall table—a hand delivered letter wliich had just arrived. It was brief and to the point. " Why have yon deserted me, Allan ? Have I unconsciously offended you, or is there nu room in your heart for friendship as well as love ? 1 hear of your happiness from Suzcttc; but I want to see you and your sweetheart roaming about the gardens hero as in the old days, before you wc-ro engaged lovers. Now that Lady Emily is leaving Bccchlmrst, you will have time to spare for ine." The letter seemed a reproach, and hefelfc that he deserved to be reproaohed by her. How lri«d she had been, how sympathetic, how in* teres ted in his love story; and what an iugraie lie must appear in her eyes. He did not wait for the following morning and the music lesson, lest Mrs. Wornockahoolil think ho went to Discombe only onSuzette's account. He set out immediately after reading that reproachful little letter, and walked through the Lines and copses to tho Manor House. It was four o'clock when he arrived, and Mrs. Wornock was at home and alone. Tho swelling tone of that wonderful organ answered bis question on the threshold. No beginner could play with that broad, strong touch, which gave grandeur to the simple phrases of an Agnus Dei by Pulestrina. She started up as Allan w.ib announced, and went quickly to meet him, (riving him both her hands. "This is so good of yon," she exclaimed. 5 Then you are not offended, and you have for given rae?" "My dear Mrs. Wornock, why should I be offended? I have received nothing but kind ness from you." "I thought you might he angry with me for refusing the invitation to your luncheon party." " Tfc would hare been very impertinent of me to be angry, when I know what a recluse you are." " It is a month since yon were here—a whole calendar month. Wliy didn't you bring Lady Emily to sco me? But perhaps die did not wish to come. Was that so ? " fNo, Mrs. Wornock," he answered coldly. " My mother wished to call upon you." "Andyou preventedlier? " "Yes." "Why did yon do that ? " "Dare I be frank with you?" t: Yes, yes, yes 1 You cannot be too frank. I love you, Allan. Always remember that. Yon are to me as a second son." Her warmtli startled and scared liinu Hi* face flushed hotly, and he stood before her iu mute embarrassment. If the secret of the past was indeed the guilty secret which ho had ' suspected, there was utter shamclessucss in this speech of hers. *' Allan, why are you silent ? " 'Because there are some things that can hardly ba said; least of all by a man of my age to a woman of yours." "There is nothing that you can say tome, Allan, about myself or my regard for you, that can bring a blush to my face or to yours. There is nothing in my life of wliich I need be ashamed in your sight or in tho sight of my "Forgive me, forgive me, iE my secret thongbts Lave sometimes wrunged you. There has been so mucL to surprise and mystify me. Your agitation on hearing my father's name; your painful embarrassment when I brought ray mother here; and last, and most of all, your secret visit to Becchhurst when my father was there." • * What, you Iruow of that ? " " Yes; I saw your face at the open window, looting in at him " She clasped her hands, and there were tears in her eyes. u Yes," flic faltered, after a silence of some moments, " I was looting at tho face I had not seen for nearly thirty years, tho face that, looted at mo like a ghost from the past, and had no knowledge of inc, no care for ins. I lauiw that he could not be dead. I have sought for him in the spirit world, again and again and again, in long days ami nighty of waiting, in my dreams, in long, far-reaching thoughts that have earned my soul away from the drill earth; but there was no answer—not a thought, not a breath out of that unsccu world wncro my spirit would have touched his had he died while lie was young, and while ho still loved inc. But lie lived, and grew old like me, and found n new love, and so we are as wide apart as if we had never mot. I stood iii the darkness oatsido your window for nearly an hour, looking at him, listening to liU voico when ho spoke—the dear, kind voice! That was not changed." " It is true, then? You knew aud loved my father years ago? " " Yes know him and loved him, and would have been his wife if it had l»ecn his happiness to many me. Thiuk of that, Allan, I was to Iiave l>ccn his wife, and X gave liim uy> for his own sake." ""Why did yon do that? Why thouldyou not have married him" " Because I was only a poor girl, and ho was :t gentleman - the only sou of u rich widow, and his mother would never have forgiven him for such a marriage. I knew nothing of that when ho asked iuo to be his wife. 1 only knew that wo loved each other truly and dearly. But just before the day that was to have beou our weddiug-ilay hU mother carno to me, and told me Ib&t;" if I persisted in marrying him I should bo the banc of his life. It would be social cxtiuctiou foe him to marry inc. [to be co>tixcei> xext week.] 