THE GREAT CRICKET MATCH. STRAY THOUGHTS. No. IL Melbourne, March 6. [BY POIXT.] Whatever may be the issue of this great game, and at the moment of writing it trembles in the balance, the Englishmen have no reason to be ashamed of the part they have already played in the struggle. They went in against a heavy score, for 414 is a heavy score though it may not be a huge one, and actually got to within 29 of it. Three or four errors in tbe field gave them the odd 85 runs, but it is veryseldom that a man makes 120like MoLaren did without giving a chance or two. It is a circumstance that the great stand of the Englishmen^ innings was made by the oldest and tbe youaeeat members of the team—Peel and MoLaren. I doubt whether Peel in all his thirteen years'" career ever played a more valuable innings, end it was the more welcome to him because his last four innings in the test matches realised 0—0 and 0—0. The genuine hardworking little Yorkshireman surely deserved a favourable turn of Fortune's wheel. He made his score when runs were wanted and when ho wanted the runs. For once in a way George Giffen was not able to get him into his toils as quickly as usual. The way George tackles these lefthanders remind* one of the battles we read of between a cobra and a panther. The cobra winds itself round its viotim, which after a few frantic efforts to escape gives up the ghost. This is often the way with Feel and Ford when thsy face George. The first ball at them begins the coiling process, very soon they do not know hoiv to combat the pressure put upon them, and the end invariably comes with some weak stroke, as though tbe batsinan were thoroughly inert. Anything more masterly than McLaren's batting cannot well be imagined. For orispnees and neatnese his strokes, whether they were leg bits or wristy cover hits or finest of late outs, were perfectly executed. And he did not appeer to the le&tt; advantage when on Monday our champion bowlerset a trap for him. With a man standing on the point at equare leg, and another no furtheraway at silly mid-cm, and with oaother at ordinary midcn, many an older batsman might have been forgiven if he had lost bis head. McLaren, however, played every one of those accurately pitched balls with amazing coolness, and actually got several of them past the jealously guarded points. When George Giffen sets this trap, the batsman, in his endeavour to avoid it, either lets go and is caught at longon or gently returns the drooping ball to the bowler. MoLaren never onoe tried a big bit, but Sirica he sent the ball back to George Giffen, and there he found the weak point in the lines whioh hemmed him in, for George had strangely slippery hands. While admiring tbe nerve and skill of the young batsman, for whom this trap waB set, the bonrler who tempted him into it must not be overlooked. Every ball bad to be accurately pitohed. If one had been outside the off etump it might have been driven or out through gaps in the cS field; whiie if it bad been but an inch outside his lege, it would have been treated to the elegant Harrow glide. Ball after ball, however, was pitched on the leg-stump with marvellous accuracy. I never saw a man step on his wicket before like McLaren did, and I should say it was the worst of luck were it not a bad feature of his pull stroke. It seems to me that he swings round on his left toes after making the stroke so that he may start to run sooner, but every time he pirouettes his right foot ia perilously near the sticks. The best feature of the Englishmen's play as a whole team has, however, been the fielding. In bygone years touring English elevenB have made fielding one of their strongest points; bet Stoddart's men have not played up to these traditions. In this match, however, except for a couple of lapses by Ford in the first i&aingc;, their fielding has been magnificent, brilliant, and eafe. Mo Daren, who, in former test matohee, did not ehow anything beyond average form in the fie'd, was in this match the most brilliant fieldsman on either eide. His plucky dashes round the edge of the boundary often prevented a seemingly certain fourer, while at extra mid-off his dash and skill were wcrthy of Vernon Boyle, the great Lancashire coverpaint of other days. Brown also fielded with wonderful accuracy in the in-field, while even Richardson and Lockwood triumphed over their bulkiness and did smart work. The style of game adopted by the Australian batsmen in their second innings oertainly played right into the hands of the Englishmen. None of them would take the slightest risk, aud there were precious few, of chuSH hurd hits which tend more than aught else to disorganise the field. Jack Lyons began in the right way, bus unfortunately did not last. Like the other dashing batsmen of the side he only dashed in to dash out sgaiu. Every inch of the way was desperately fotight by the Englishmen with a dogged determination worthy of their anoestors who fought for the heights of Badajos in the Peninsula War. But the Australians held on grimly to their first innings' advantage, and though they were unable to top even 300 in their second essay, they did not do at all badly to compile "57. The most tenacious batsmen were GiSen, Darling, Harry Trott, and Jar vie, who all batted with remarkable coolness and courage. Syd. Gregory, true to his nature, adopted guerilla tactics, worrying the enemy by his daBh down the pitch for short runs ; but at last a Richardson oannon shot knocked him over. Joe Darling carried off the individual batting aouourc of the match on the Australian side. What a meteoric rise to eminence his has been. Two years ago he was managing a farm in the country, and only playing cricket rareiy against the greenest of bucolics. Now he is in the topmost branches of the tree of Australian bits men, with not three finer batsmen in the colonies. George Giffen and Hr.rry Trott by virtue of their greater experience are still his peers, but give me Darling in preference to either Iredale or Gregory for he combines defensive and hitting powers iu a more remarkable degree than either of them. The almost total failure ot such artists as Bruce, Iredale, and Graham, to say nothing of Albert Trott, grevlously disappointed Australians. Between them th6v only made So runs in eight innings. Such i'e the perversity of cricket. Take young Trott's case. He began his connection with test matohes by sccring 38,72, and £5, without once being got out, cow he has to be content with 10—0. Frank Iredale was sadlv disappointed that he did not reach the century in either innings'. £e was in splendid form, has been Ecoring with remarkable consistency in recent matches, and needed 144 runs to make his aggregate in firet-class matches this eeason tbe round 1,000. "I think I have a good cliance of making them," he ventured, when he knew that Gift, had won the toss. He was very confident, but confidence cannot help a man when the tide of his fortune turns. Cricketers seem to have their runs of luck and ill luck, and w?ieu the tide turns they seem to be no more able io stem it than Canute was to keep back tli9 advancing waves. Erackwali's tour in Australia aSords an instance of a determined batsman's inability to conquer his luck. Qe was a champion when he lefc England ; he returns as a failure. No dcubt our fast wickets have not euited his styia of play, but sheer bad luck has had a deal to do with his failure to score heavily. If ever a man has gone to the wickets time after time thoroughly fit with clear sight and strong arms the Surrey favourite haB. There is none of the chicken-heart about bim. He has grimly determined to ecore aud has made goad stiokes, but all manner of wonderful catches have cut short promising innings. Poor Brockwell was quite crescfellea when he came in on Saturday after being stamped by Jar vis, and said to a sympathiser, "Ia doesn't seem to be any use me trying. If I hit get out; if I play keeps I get out; I don't know what cime to play." In the second innings, at any rate, he could not blame his luck because he made a feeble 6troke. A man must feel a failure like Brockweil's. I know how Frank Walters felt in England in 1890 when, after starting tfca tour in fine styl<>, he played fourteen consecutive innings without once reaching double figures. The difference between the two men is that, whereas one has the heart of a lion, the other's heart is no bigger than that of a horrid little insect, but even to ba alliterative I will not put the wcrd into cold print. Although McKibbin captured only one wicket in the first inniegs of the Englishmen, he pleased judges who had not seen him before. He was able to make the ball talk on an excellent wicket, but in my humble judgment he sacrificed pitch to break. Some of his breaks were so enormous that they beat the wicketkeeper as well as the batsmen, but he has yet to learn that a ball need not necessarily break right across the wicket to deceive a batsman. Nob an adverse comment did I hear about his delivery. There is no doubt about its fairness. Talking of suspicious bowling reminds me of a good yarn I heard this week, It is told at the expense of Brown, the popular little Yorkshireman. Prior to one of the country matches one or two of the wags of the team prevailed on Stoddart to allow Brown to bow!. Then they went to the local umpire, and raising the question of throwing, remarked quite aimlessly like " Ob the only suspioious bowler we have is Brown. The umpires keep a strict eye on him in Englaod." The play began, and in accordance with the arrangements Brown was put on to bowl. Imagine his astonishment, seeing that he bowls as fairly as any man, when his first ball was "called. ' When the second was also called he was 5 thunderstruck, but when a third time the umpire called "no-ball," a light dawned upon the little hud-faced Tyke. Those no-balls never went down in the Bcoring-book. 