1Flovellet. Bit _________ -- Dy---------~ wi DIANA. ta w] I.IN TWO PARTS.) loi of PART I. th She was as straight as an Indian arrow, si' large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar of white skin which does not tan nor grow of sallow. The first Diana was not more pro- aP portioned than was this one. A combination of miscuiline strength and feminine boeauty m -not feminine enough to be wholly woman, at nor masculine enough be be wholly man, to Ierdress was half one nod half t other. cc A man's black slouch bat covered head, hli and a man's black coat protected her ol shonlders; a petticontof thick, dark stuff hid ri the rest of her down to the ankles of hler boot-shod feet. be She rode a huge black stallion, a creature 0 as splendid and fiery and scornful as the scornful, tiery, splendid creature that fear. el lessly bestrodle his back. or An imaginative theorist might easily have 11 discovered in the dilating nostrils, uptlinging gl heads, and eyes restless with untamable de. rn fiance the close kinship of two souls before hi metempsychosis iade one beast and one human. She was D)iana; the horse's name fu was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan tc loved Diana. It was thought that neither of pI" them loved any other living thing,and it wast a certainty that no other living thing loved Y either of them. p Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped t with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked b like a ebony-statued Centaur. Before them h the sun was eetting-sinking, sliding down t a little and a little into the futhermost edge b of the plain. So sully and led and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it i afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined f wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. I, Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red eun-rays until its many- t league crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. 'The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground ; it took off its slouched a hat, its four eyes looked straight into the west. r A lizard scampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a equirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up I on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow; the glory In the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittcred, glisten lng, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Ccntaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hbard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness of the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak-the only tree for miles around-stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. iHe made no noise and was not seen. He was siun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as he watched the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. "Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diana." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear ? She touched the rein and Satan bcunded forward, the ebony-Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of " House." " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk. in' home in the shadder of his coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a.stealin' sheep." The man, to whom the words were ad ,dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and.answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other: I "Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, be's in one of his had ways. I wonldn't won. dr it he'd seen that woman again. It'srenogh to make one think she's a ghoees h ta' him the way he looks after he's "Hat be dogoned; I'd like to have such , soid'taamagory a ha'ntin' me. Sts he'llhear you." I Thone .wflo6 spoke last got up and walked tat tbeback door to stop'the talk of the "Wfell, I'll be gollete; IS I was as tbin. skinned about other people's feelin's as some yoi people, Id get me a patent outside," mut tered Brassy. spi The causeof the remarks seated himself on ste a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his poclketknife and com- p menced whittling. "Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking hu out as he passed back and forth, cooking hi supper; "alluz whittles when he's got 'em. wi Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful we for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them Sal moods, an' tenies, an' them line-haired feel- we in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. lb Who could ax a chap that looks like he was co goin' to his own funeral to make salceratus nea biscuits, or expect a youngster with the wn brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphysl Wi Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the Do mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?" Ir Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. stc "Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper mi ready 1" ml " No, hut I've got her on a-bilin'," cheerily hii answered Brassy. rin He was a very home-made philosopher, eta and Archimedes would most likely have re- wl jected the mathematics of the soliloquy which ho he indulged in. fo " Knock me down witlls a feather, if hunmn dc nature nin't a hard thing to cipher out. Now,ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, wI nary one of which ever recollected tl:hat grub ch her to be cooked, and nary one of which to everforgitstofeel the symptoms of approach- lo in' meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' so two and two, and nmakill' it versus a unlinown - quality which is grub, I find by those figger-. w in' that grub is the syntax of life, an' the be result of the calkerlation is Brassy hex to cook it." eu Brassy had to talk. If he hbad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself, 9q They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which IBrassy sa spread with a Ilourish against the wall. he Moody, reserved Bill, chlild hearted tih Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by liit by Brassy because of his slightness of m stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres. ct sible, philosophical, good-natured UBrassy, Pt who talked when lie shouhld have said noth- IIc ing, and said nothing when lie slhouldl have oil talked, and always hit in the wrong place. to An oddly assorted partnershtlip that kept its D bleating thousands on tnatterritory of range 1, whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesomeness. But in a climate where the ,squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might bar monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, twio of them taking their aftcr-sulpper smoke. The mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowedC head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty heldr a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb s anl foretinger, ansi blew contented little pofts of smese away fromn o his mouth. trassy tuigged andu puffesd at an old plipe, and watched UIll froum under the e: rim of his lhat. " Bill," said he, "you ought to smoke; it'd ci be a mighty comfort to you, it' save a heap o' good stove-wood." Bill's only notice of the renmark was to shift oends of the stick andI whittle vigor- al oesly. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance; bult no warningo glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. lIe always maintained it was atainst his principles to take hints. " Yes, 1umokin' is the llilstl continuous com. ti fortin' amusement 1 1know of ; nlothin'like it to put a man in good O1sperrits, onless it's a psittiln' good sperries ill a lmann: an'stOve wood in this country is mighty hard to get. tl Yes, Still, youl oughtto take to silokin'. it's palaces, an' diamonds, no' 'lItaian steeds to the pore mals. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while thley're geoi. If you'rs hungry, it's a sort of soolilonent to the place 'l's aebln' for victuals. If you're alone in a d howl'I' wilderness it's wife, children, and friends-thcy go up in smoke, too, pos you t have 'em while they're goin'; an it tkeens the c female sect from lsnutin' a lonescme orcne lor." tIe looked comiallyat Dainty,andonodded t toward Bill.C Dainty puckered his brows into a most o speaking frown and asked, " Brassy, do you know why you are not i liue my old kinte I" "Dunno, 'less it's 'causeo the Iknifeslluts up 1 5smetimnes. Yes, thiere's most always some e difference between lpeople andi old knives; I now, there's Bill- " Dainty jumped up and threw away his I cigarette. "Boys," said he, "let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wili cut."i Brassy Ipocketedl his pipe immediately. 1 " light, 1me lord, 1'm yourn when itos wild i cats you talk. An' if Bill wallt to go, the I triumvirate's agreed; if he don't 'lHe may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.' " He sang the lines of the old-fashioned. long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical voice, and it migbht have been thle muclody that made Bill start so siltdenly thait he overturned the stool on which tie eat; it might have been the moonliglht that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. lie could not have told why he thought brassy's inslinuating nonsense would give pain to dill, or in what manner it couldl pain him; he was one of those peculiar natres that knslw naseless things by intuition. Hie dlid not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom. trying to scare up " varmints," was one of Ilrnesys weaknesseso. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotonyof thesheep-herders existence,. even though there were tlhree of them, and they herded their own dflocks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of sheep-herd ing, "It takes but three months to turn the strongest brain." The sayinghad a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think 'of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity., set down on those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating sheep-sheep are always bleating; day alter day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and mink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To 'near, night after night, the west wind always the west wind-blowing its ichary I music, and the howl of the prowling coyote. rigbh.after night the same eoundi, sssy after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned-toad-always flloew ing round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep. 1 The moon was high up in tIe sky ' when they reached the timbher of the river, .which was about three miles fron the." camp. I . "Boys," again said Dainty," I'm somehow sorry 1 asked you to como to-night; I feel . like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out of here as quick as Swe can. eO* gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is tOo close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose Icould happen 1 Thillk Goaquin Marietta er Three-ingered .Tack:'s a luxuriatin' in the Ishadders of thu. underbrush, scented our money-pocket' an' layin fur us, as it were ?" Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined fear. A An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, andnot a wild cat was amiable enough to iree and be killed, much to Irassy's dim Tired out, theystarted home. S" Listen, don,t you hear a crious sound ?" saud Daihty. A:l;of them stopped and listsncd, but only fsr a moment. " Mlerciful-iGod I" shouueu nrassy, -rue for your lives, it's the river overflowed I" They spiang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and-briars, and many stomblings. ** If we could only get to the slough fust,' p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swittuess upon them. The water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless nowto try to reach the slough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too, near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill antd Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Le hind them was the terrible, swift, roiling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal anows; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footedl three hours before, rolled another river, swift. towing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and elshooishk and shivered to its tolpmost twvig when some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them; it wo so cold -so cold clinging; and the nightso balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiftd. " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered this time." "Loo'as like it," responded Bill, " and I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man 1 ever eas that sea. ready for rain. Course we'd her to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is ' casy death; but tobedrownded like a panel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. t might 'a' knowest these hot days,'t's cooked the grass dtry enough to make yeast' powdters, 'd relt the snouw an' bring ldown a flood. Yes, ['ve livetd nils, the river long enousgh to be a-lookin' out for a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' ferbein' soo0 - thoulghted, hut I don't like to be drowndcd lit-kea miserable equir'l." (rtnr 11 WILL As-rarE I.e OUn seXT.) 