f a i l u r e s "W h ich I,«*d <o IftijBr S u c c e s s ^ Tnsworld.-is full of peoplewholiavetrans formed crushing calamities into “ step ping-stones to lticher things.” Misfortunes have proved for many turning points on the road to fortune. Some re. markable instances of tliis hare occurred in very recent limes. Take t*ie cave of M r Cecil Ehodcs Tbe crowning fortune of Ins life was when be sailed f r the Cape, uftcr tbe doctor had given bim barely three months to live. Many men Would have succumbed, given up the ghost. Not so Air Jihr.des R e resolutely ccleriiiined to live, and to fight his way in tho world. His history is very instructive. Son of m poor clergyman with a big family and a small iiiing - a char aderistic clerical combination — the future W arren Hastings of Africa wa6 not a brilliant success in England. Keen competition reduced him to £2 per week. Then his health failed, and fie fled to •ifr ca as a forlorn hope. Ttiere he not only restored his health, but also made h name and a fortune after much hard work and many exciting struggles This jouiiger son who had started with pluck atid shattered health as his stock-intrade now looms large as the most powerful influential Englishman in South Africa, where brainy end plucky Britons ahunnd. Mr Rhodes does not clnim to be a brilliant writer, an eloquent orator, or a fascinating conversationalist But lie knows how to think, and bus a restless rgy which translutes his thoughts into deeds. At an age when moBt men are laboriously sowing their wild oats, he has endowed his mother country with a new empire, fought bis little war. built railways, towns, and telegraphs through trackless wastes, aud opened up unlimited possibilities to tbe hardy pi'uecrs who have foil- wed his fortunes in this Land of Promise W ith good health and £200 a year might he not have developed into a tenuis-playing, cigarette-smoking, barma d-worsliipping member of society F Then there is M r Mackey, the H irer King, another favorite of misfortune. Had he possessed a comfortable competency, he would have missed a fortune so vast that be could scarcely tell you off-hand its exact figure. Happily, he fouod himself a penniless youth iu poor old Ireland, and was compelled to emigrate. I t is believed that he worked bis passage over (o New York about the time the gold fever was raging io Cali fornie. From JNew York he proapth made his way to the Lsnd uf Gold. Once on the snot he tradrd, bartered, speeu lated.and mined with unceasing pluck and varying success, until he and bis partners struck the famous Bonanza mines. They scooped out silver by the ton, and report says that this group of mines yielded £40,000,000 in a very few years. Mr ackuy literally snatched his millions from the jaws of misfortune and hardship During the process, he roughed it under all conditions, standing his ground ainoDgsl tho most formidable collection of cut-throats and desperadoes that ever collected in one district. A six-shooter then an indispensable adjunct to a s culfit. Bulldog pluck was as necessary as mental acumen in lhat wild slruigle for wealth. The promotion of thefirst Atlantic cable as greatly facilitated by a misfortune Gisborne, the real originator of ilie io, was in New York seeking capital to start it. He was on the verge of de.-pair; people jeered at him as a visionary. One night liiu hotel was burnt down and he contrived to escape to another. There he chanced to meet Cyrus Field, and inventor-like, begau t>‘ expatiate on his grand scheme to that financier. But the latter did uot bein it, and asserted there was no money in it Undaunted, Gisborne attacked Field with his burning eloquence every possible occasion, until the latter s fairi'r conquered, '‘ I^will sec it through,” said he a t la^t. And he did. Hie Atlantic cable was Urns temporarily saved by a misfortune. Anoihrr brillicDt career commenced uuder a cloud is that of Couut de Witte. If all Russian statesmen he is the one o whom the new Czar has hitherto howii most confidence. M. de Witte who is aD O doita man by tin h and breeding, w«s created a count only a yeai About 1680 lie was an obscure village station-master, and it was an ac1ol disobedience, whjcb led totemporan disasthat first attracted the aitcation of M. Wychuegradeki, who was then President of the Railway by which De Witte wasemployed. When M.Wychenegradski became Mini-tor of Finance, he brought llie young sta ion-master to f*t. Petersburg and rapidly promoted him from post io po»t, until three years ago the disgraced railway official was appointed Minister of Finance. M de Witte, although only forty-five, is regarded as the coming man io Russia, and lias 1 cellor of the Empire, in succession to the late M. dcGiers. This would be a most democratic departure for the most autopy&tic; nation in the world. 'The old riory o f the phamix rising triumphant from its ashes lias never been better exemplified than by tho career of Mr Whiteley, the presiding genii the immense establishment that bear !. Mo>t people know how he started his bu- iness on a small capital iu a tiny Imp; how, little by little, by sheer pluck and hard work, lie added window to window, shop to shop until his bouse threatened to monopolise tbe street. Then camo a catastrophe—his place was burnt down! Did M r Wbiteley lose heart Certainly not. W ith indomitable will he proceeded to rebuild his premisrs more extensive Fcale than ever. Thru, when everything; was again working smoothly, a second mysterious catastrophe overtook him. His estHhlishmrnt was again destroyed by fire. Fate Framed to have him as a victim, and people thought bo would retire from the Mrugttie. B ut they did not know him, Ho immediately began to rebuild, acd his vast concern now pervades one entire district.—7 if JJifs. 