IS LOTS A DREAM? BY MRS HERBERT MARTIN. Night was falling— a grey, damp October night— on tbe greet wilderness of London. Night pierced by the sounds of tbe vast city, which strike so mournfully at times on the ear of one who vaguely listens in the solitude that is loneliest of all, the solitude set in a crowd. Such a solitude was George Brandon's as as he sat over the fire in hie luxuriously fur- nished flat in South Kensigton. The flat and the furniture were alike new as well as costly. A year ago he had been very dif ferently housed, a struggling young journalist in diDgy roomB in Camden Town. Those poverty-stricken days were over, when he hardly knew where his next dinner was to come from. The death of an old cousin who left no will, and from whom he had no expec tations, had given him comparative wealth, aud he was rising into repute as a clever writer. But as he sat now, musing, with the un opened magazine on on his knee, he did not look much happier for his change of fortune. He was dreaming of the past, which chance, or Providence, had oddly recalled with extra ordinary vividness to a memory which had never quite let it go. His eyes had fallen, at one of tho station bookstalls, on the colored print sold with one of the Christmas annuals that shower about our ears uow with tbe autumn leaves— almost as thickly. A likeness which attracted him to it had surprised him more and more ; almostagainsthimself he bal returned to the stall, with a cynical lialf-smile at his own fatuity, and had bought the pretty, worthless thiug, because it reminded him of that village near the Thames, the little bumble cottage, overgrown with virgiuia creeper, that summer three years ago, and of the very spirit and preseuce that made the place, the cottage, the summer, lovely. The picture represented a young girl, slender, but round, whose curly hair surrounded au innocent and happy face. Perhaps the likeness was only superficial, yet it pid remind him of Molly Ellis— poor, pretty, merry little Molly, the daughter of his land lady, a faded, melancholy lady, widow of an unlucky curate. He had never beeu able to understand bow such a parentage could have given birth to Molly, whose apple-bloseom face, dark-blue eyes and sweet youug mouth were mads for joy, and not sorrow. 44 It's like— yet it's not like," he mused. Molly was prettier, and less pretty. There was more irregularity in her face, hut more character, more charm. That girl hasn't Molly's enchanting dimple nor her r upset- red hair. Her eyes were larger; they had a wistful look in them sometimes, though she was so merry, so full of life. They turned away from me with tears in them, I remember, when I said good-bye. How could I say good-bye aud nothing more ? I don't know ; it was on tbe tip of my tongue to tell her what I felt- that 1 loved the dear little thiug as I had never ; loved any girl, that if ouly she would wait- wait— but 1 dared not ask ber. I thought then it meant eudless and hopeless years. How could I tell that to-day I should be rich and dull and lonely. Was it my fault ? Yet I felt a beast as I went away aud left tier staudiug there aud looking after me, so sadly, in the porch, with the red creeper hanging rouud her pretty head, which the sunbeam just caught. Ob ! haven't I seen her a hundred times stand ing so aud looking after me? Haven't I heard that sweet, young, round voice a hundred times, as I used to hear it before 1 was quite awake in that little attic room, singing her innocent love songs ? I used to say. "That voice has no pas sion in it, though the child uses passionate songs." But how sweet it was ! They were desperately sentimental those songs of hers full of and golden days, and al the delicious despairs of youug love ! 44 There was one she always Bang, 4 Love is & dream.' Poor Molly ! I hope she woke from her dream soon, and found a happy, common place, waking reality of life ! I seem to blame myself, but I was not to blame. I did not for get her. No, God knows I never did. Com pared with her I know I am a worldling and a cynic, but I honored her as much as I loved ber. I wrote when I got this money. It was like a stab at my heart when that letter came back from the Dead Letter Oflice, with its cold official scrawl, ' Gone away — no address. I daresay she's all right — married to some lucky fellow by now. She was sore to marry. There was the doctor's assistant, that red- handed, eallow-faced bounder, who was so desperately jealouB of me, and scowled over the pews all service time when I sat by Molly and held the hymn-book with her. Bless her little heart, how sweet her voice sounded in my ears ! He may very likely be a full-fledged apothecary bv sow, and she may be "Mrs Gallipot some where. It's odd I can't forget the child. Sometimes I think I have. The memory of that halcyon month sleeps, and I go jogging along all right, and fancy romance -is quite dead and gone, but it's only hypnotised. It wakes, and I know it is aUve. A thing like that" — he s lanced up at the colored print which was pinned above his mantelshelf— 44 sets all my philosoj liy at naught, and I am spooning and mooning again as if X were the drudging, poverty-stricken, unlucky, lucky, poor devil I need to be three years age, before my fortunes mended and my hear hardened." He sat and let his pipe go out. His melan choly, dark eyeB dwelt on the amflmg face, but he saw something else through and behind it. He looted into deeper, tenderer eyes, that used to falter and shift under his when they grew too ardent: he saw the flitting rose that a deepened inflection or a half caroooing word would make blossom on her cheek ; he heard in the silence, that was only broken bythe rumble and the cries of the street down below, the echo of a fresh, gay, and yet somehow pathetic voice singing ia the orchard where the blackbirds eang. The foolish sentimental words came back that did not seem foolish then. ' Love is a dream — love is -a dream — and aad is the awakening." Yes, a flroam ! he was dreaming it all over again ; and he did not want to wake. If only he need not — if he could annihilate time Mid space and facing Molly — his own Molly- pretty and warm aud sweet — to his lonely arms —his empty hearth. He had eat thus, lost in the mists of memory, he did not know how long, without moving, without aoy consciousness of material things, of every sensation but that strange and pass ionate longing for what was lost and gone. Suddenly it seemed to him that this very desire of bis produced a miracle. A voice from that past he had evoked, an echo from those happy bygone days— was it a living voice or did it come from nothing of flesh and blood, but from 'a spirit that called his spirit, tolling hun that his lost love, his un- wooed sweetheart, had passed beyond. -these voioes: . .# He thought so. He sat rigid, listening to that wild, sad, wandering voioe, believing it came from no mortal woman. » v.:/ Aud the voice 6ang, ,44 Love is a dream— love is a dream— and Bad is the awakening ! " It wasiMoIly's song, it was Molly's voige— ah, no, nlAT could notkel 'It umVdelnsura. born of the thoughts that had Joyeo area bun : or else Holly was dead, was a disembdclie& spirit, aud had come back to visit the glimpses of the moon forttis'ilear 'sate, 'for hetei&Wihvell; enough thefld'had?oveft'faih£ sOenttyy with theldrvorof an untried heart that hardly know bow much it pouldiovo _ v ,1,. .. So he sat on, tike a frozen image of a man, and listened to that voice from the distance. He might haeXet U -go by IfahS— it trasfge$ting fainteraaif it pA&e;, fch6nJr fctrong' shnbder. passed over-turn uifl sliimkrtilm as it' W«re7into firdinarytifjB jand cojugqaspjta oqmnygi sense asserted itself;, he found himself on his feet and awake. 44 It is not a delusion ! It is no spirit!" He uttered the words aloud; It seemed to him as if someone else spoke them All that be was now couecioua of was a horrible feat lest that wandering voice should jgo bv aod lewve'him alone-should be lost in the darkness of the vast and cruel streets, and pasa once more out of his life— for ever. Before he realised entirely what he was doing, what overwhelming influence coerced him, lie fonod himself batless, pantixg in the quiet street, and the voice was silent. Despair clutched him. He had lost her— again. Which way should he turn? But farther off, some huadred yards distant, he heard it again, but faiotand faltering. This time it eang the dear old ballad which he made her learn to please him, 44 Kathleen Mavourneen"— 44 It may be for years, and it may be for ever"— He turned and darted towards tbe sound. He moved and acted like a somnambulist. The sleuder, trem- bliog, shabby figure in black was close to bim. A sad, pale, pathetic little face, whose dark bine eyes spoke of heart-break, was raised, and the dim tight of the street lamp faintly illumined it. Oh, Molly ! Molly : pretty, smiling, happy little Molly ! have you come to this — to this ? He tool: her arm gently, tenderly, but even that gentle touch made her start away from him with a shiver of terror and repulsion. Poor child ! she had learnt to shudder at the touch of her kind, to look on passing men as all enemies to the one thing left her— her self- respect. " Let go of me !" she said, tremblingly. 14 No, Molly, not now I have found you. Never again, Molly." He spoke firmly and slowly. He had found her, but he dared hardly yet rejoice. How had he found her? Ia the dreadful, cruel street, alone, unprotected, in poverty — a street singer ! He would never forsake her. never be anything but her truest frieud aud champion, but till he kuew more he dart d uot think oi more. 44 Molly?" she said wildly, staring at him with bewildered eyes, from which the terror bad not yet gone. 44 Who calls me Molly now < Who are yon V— oh, I cannot see— the light is so dim— or my eyes are. I daren't think who you may be 44 Someone who is your friend— your friend. But come in — come home— out of this cold aud dark, Molly-out of Ibesehateful streets. Don't you know ioe, Molly? Have you quite for- gotteu ? O God soiibing iu a sudden agony of relief— 44 it is you. I dared uot believe it. You, you at last— after all this time." She clung to hiin uov, with boll) her thin, cold little hands. He drew her swif lly but geutly to tbe doorway from which he came. He took her, almost carrying her, up the two flights of stooe stairs to his owu door. In another moment Molly was in the heart of the warm, softly lighted, softly fumi>hed room, and had suok among the cudiioii6 of the deep armchair iu front of the fire, still sobbing in the ceep lelief of tears. He said nothing at first, the must be wanned and fed and comforted before he dared to look into the past or forward to the future. He took off her shabby black hat, her little thin mantle, with a touch like a woman. Hia basbelor tray of coffee with the spirit lamp was ready on the table. He made a cup hot and forced her tenderly to aip it. The faintest dawn of the old sweet color was coming on the worn white face ; when she looked up at him and tried to smile her gratitude his heart bounded. He saw bis former love again: he knew that into whatever dire straits Borne cruel fate had brought her it was his own Molly, sweet and pure -and faithful, that looked through those tear-dimmed eyes. 4 Oh, " she said, ber words cut in two with a sob, 44 how good— how good you are. to me! Is it really you ? Am I dreaming it all ? Shall I wake —outside in the dark and the cold and the fear ?" He knelt at her feet and looked up at her. He was not afraid of loolriog now. I'Dirling, you shall never wake out of thia dream. It is I— and I. love you. Didn't you know I loved you three years ago r" 44 1— I thought so. But you went away. 44I was afoolto€»but 1 never m-ant to be a villain. 1 was too poor theu— I hadn't any hope." .... 44 Poor?" she said wondenngly, as her ey« gl&noed; round the room, that to her simple fancy seemed fit for a palace. "Zwaa poorthen-r-J expected always to be. This money came to me only a year ago when I had lost sight of you. I wrote, Molly ; I wrote to ask yon to share it with m«s to be my own wife. 1 never wanted any other woman 44 You wrote to me ?" 44 Yes, tbe letter came back. Your address was riot known. I lost you. Oh, my precious one, I have found you now ! I never will let ye winter after you were with us," ehe began, stumbling in the confusion of her pflpH over her words, 44 that next winter, three years ago nearly, my mother died. I had not a penny in the world when nut debts were paid. 1 bad no home ; there was one offered me ; you remember, perhaps, young Brown, Dr Pilbsbury's assistant." George Brandon nodded ; he could hardly repress a smile at the remembrance of his rival, and a faint ghost of a smile flitted over the girl's face for an instant and then passed. «» ah I know yon used t» laugh at him— and I did, too. Poor Sam ! But though he was so uncouth and ugly, so unlike yon, I ought not to laugh, even to smile, at him. He was faithful and trne, and I had not a friend. He wanted me to go and lore with his mother tOl he could afford to marry me. Bat I could not, I could not, I never could forget you." George laid his lips on her hands ; he had not yet attempted to caress her. 44 1 could not stay there. People were uot friendly or kind. Mrs Brown and her daughters were very angry with me. I answered an advertisement as a mothers help near London, and I went there. Itwasa very, very hard place. They gave idb very little and I had no rest I had four little children always to look after. They were not kind to sue. But I stayed on for two yean, for I did not know what else to do. Then my healths broke down, and Mrs Stokes sent me away. I could not do tbe work any longer. I — oh, George — I don'tknow how to tell vou what terror I went through next. I took a situation ; X thought it so easy, the ' lady so kind, bnt I found— I found— she was baL I .did not know there were such wicked people, such evil ways, in the world. I ran away without a penny, without anything be- losgingtome, and I did not know where to go. 'it was very cold, and I had no shelter. I fainted, and a policeman took me to the nearest 2 was happier there ; I was sate ; they were good to me, and I thought — I hoped — I was going to d is. That was last spring— the early spring. I was very ill," and they kept me six months. Wheo I came out, I did not know what to do, where to go. There was a poor woman in there ; she was very poor, bat Bhe was as kind to me as she could be. She said I could sleep in -her room if I would earn some money; ehe could not afford to give me food. She told me I could get something by singing in the street I was ashamed— bitterly aBhamed— hui I tried. I do not know what else to do. You— you won't think too badly of me, will you?" ; Her head drooped; he could -only see the trough, curly, russet hair, cut short on the little head. His eoul yearned over her. He itook the poor little head into his arms, and IhidTtThere. He" could not speak, only preSs" her closer, aud after a while she ceased 'to tremble and 'Bob,, and. lay calmly lite a child on his breast— trustful as & child, inno cent a a ofatid. At last he broke the long silence that had its . iotvn voice for them.. "Thank God"yon came my way! Thank. lGod yon sang that old song that you used to 'Sing to me in the dear old lime ! Bnt for that il might -'oeve? have found you, riorar have ; brought you— home." | «4jii>( George, i have had -no home— I tun Itoo happy."' , I 44 Not yet, MoUy.-uot yeti I ipean fo try and intake vooWfeyr littok uj£ «WaiMLrt. lock round. ..JSee, could yo,; lit: too. m t- twitfa the beantifol jdqmptyjAatta of aove. 1 44 Your wile-yridr wSfc1 " _ ' I 44 In a few days, a very isw nays, sweet. lErom this moment this plane is yoore. --- Yam,, yours. ''WtelcmgWea&'DtherSbrhyajtii'wIjr housekeeper,, who-isa good woman, m widow,; _ will take care of yon here.. Lwillleave ypa tte , mistress of my nonSC with heruo one nhall _ Bawapotdninat thereto no one tomeddle wi» Then in a short, abort fimste wiu WjByPyg We will go away, dear, to .eomegteejroeBp; ; even in winter ttiere are flowsa sm jand yon ritull .get !dunplee ''The Lord do-aoto me, 44 also, tf aught but death pttt Itee andiaMt? nv ...1. u».a. anil fflMr .limiSltttt.v with tber Hf— The 11 Windsor IflmBBh!! j \- -;v- 