FLOTSAM and JETSAM. W Land tax assessment of South Australia represents oS33,319,000. According to Japanese returns, the exports from Japan to Australia repre sented £89,042 in 1893 and £109,792 in 1894, and the imports into that country £31,902 in 1893 and £53,473 in 1894. Trade unions of New York refused to participate in the recent dem-.nstration for more liberal Sunday laws on the ground that the saloon-keepers have opposed organised Labour in the past. The hottest mines in ihe world are the Comstock. On the lower levels the heat is so great that the men cannot work over 10 or 15 minutes at a time. Every known means of mitigating the heat been tried in vain. Ice melts before it reaches the bottom of the shafts. The last popular story in Germany about the Emperor is to the effect that he recently asked his brother, Prince Henry, what he (the Emperor) could do to make another sensation. " Stay at home for three consecutive months," was the reply of Prince Henry. But the chances are that the suggestion will never fee adopted. In Germany they manage the wife- beaters better. When a man is convicted of beating his wife he is a! owed to con tinue his work, but is looked after by the police, arrested every Saturday and locked up until Monday morning, when he is again delivered over to his employer. His wages are given to his wife. If he won't work he is taken to gaol, where he has to work harder than outside. The more one studies this plan, the more sensible it appears. Books are our most steadfast friends : they bring the whole world of men and things to our feet ; they put us in the centre of the world ; they summon us away from our narrow life to their great ness, from our ignorance to their wisdom, from our partial or distorted vision to their calm and universal verdicts. There may be something of discord in their mingled voices, but the undertone speaks for virtue and faith. Judge Vaughan Williams (London) says : — " I venture to express the opinion both that some system of a yearly dis closure to the public of the financial position of companies trading with limited liability is essential in the in terests of the trading public, and a'so that the growth of the system of private companies trading with limited liability and without publicity at any time is a grave danger, and ought not to be per mitted by the Legislature." General Zurlinden, at the request of Cardinal Richar ', has consented to allow the Fathers of the Holy Ghost to serve as chaplains on the transports carrying home sick and wounded from Madagascar. Several of these priests left Marseilles ., recently for Mojanga for the purpose. It is understood- that they- are to receive no remuneration, whatever, while the mission which they have so nob'y under taken is one imposing a terrible strain, so deplorable is the condition of affairs on board the vessels in question. Patrick B. Delaney, of Philadelphia, is the inventor of a new high-speed system of machine telegraphy, which, it is claimed, will do much of the business now done by mail by wire. The new I system is worked automatically, a punch ed tape taking the place of the sending operators, its great advantages over systems is that over a single wire as many as 1,000 words a minute can be sent between points as far distant from each other as New York and Chicago, while the very best that can be done by other high-speed systems will not exceed 150 a minute. Numerous stories have been published with regard to the original of Mr. Ru Maurier's character Little Billee, but the Unicorn declares the following to be the only authentic one : — " One morning, when Du Maurier was writing Trilby (he hadn't then begun to illustrate it), there ran past his » indow a handsome boy of about 18. Du Maurier started up, "There goes Little Billee!" he cried, and, hacless, rushed out. and overtook the boy, 44 I beg ten thousand pardons," said he, " but might I sketch you for a character in a book I'm writing ?" Little Billee seemed a little put out at first, but eventually consented. Mr. Tree was told the tale, and, when he began to cast his play, took it into his head to send for the boy, o,nd ended by engaging him to ap pear in the role. And, according to account®, it cannot be denied that- Little Billie has proved himself the right man for the part. " The time will come when manufac turers will have been so long established, and the operatives not having any other business to flee to, that it will be in the power of any one man in the town to reduce the wages, and all the other manu facturers must follow. If ever it does arrive at that pitch, Parliament (if it be not then sitting) ought to be called to gether, and if it cannot redress your griev ances its power is at an end. Tell me not that Parliament cannot — its power is om nipotent to protect." — Pitt , on the Arbi tration Act. What are "guinea pigs?" The ques tion was frequently asked while the Com panies Act Amendment Bill was under discussion in Parliament (says a con tributor to the Age). As Mr. Staughton doesn't know, or won't say, it devolves upon us to explain. Some people think that these little animals have, some con nection with the cooking of balance sheets, and the manufacture of other "small goods." They are on the wrong track. A guinea pig is not a hog, or a butcher, or a metnl.er of a church choir, but just a nice little fat pig who is nob satisfied with what he gets out of the common trough, bub must have one all to himself. Whatever affection there is <obe found in his composition he shows for public com panies, and mostly herds with the direc tors thereof. A guinea pig is nob noted for his personal cleanliness, neither is he a lovely soul, all sweetness and light. His chief delight is to cover his ample stomach with a white waistcoat, and his favourite diet consists of a special food called fees, for which his appetite is in satiable, and he leaves no stone unturned in searching for it. In fact, he is not happy until he gets it. The "Glasgow Observer " announces the death of Rev. Patrick M'Laughlin, at Rothesay, Bute. Fr. M'Laugnlin's long life as a priest was marked -by one incident which, by no means rare in the Catholic Church, was for a time the cause of arousing very strong foolings amongst the Catholic community at Glasgow. While in charge of the mission at Shettleston, he was approached in the confessional by a penitent thief, who, desirous ito make restitution of the money he had stolen, and wishing at the same time to avoid detection, asked Fr. M'Laughlin to address the envelope wherein the money was returned. Fr. M'Laughlin did so, and the money reached its destination in due course. Inquiries were set on foot tp trace its source, with a view to prosecuting its purloiner, and there was but slight trouble in getting to know that the envelope was addressed by the Catholic priest of Shetoleston. When Fr. M'Laugh'in was asked if this were so he made no denial of the fact. In the trial he refused to give an.\ evidence or make any statement which could at all be construed into breaking of the seal of the confessional, and rather than take this course he submitted to a sentence of thirty day's imprisonment for contempt of court. Fr. M'Laughlin went to prison, bub when the sentence was half way through he was liberated, through the efforts of the late Bishop Murdock, who took the casein hand, and spared no effort to obtain the release of the good priest. The following paragraph has appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette, under the head ing — " What the Japs can do " : — " In the first place they can gauge the feeling of the money market, as is evidenced in he circular recently sent out by the Lon don branch of the native Japanese bank, offering to reduce from 5 to 6 per cent, the rate of in- erest charged upon advances against shipping documents attached to sterling draughts upon the East. As a m tter of fact, in all directions Japanese manufacturing enterprise is growing apace. Very little has been said of late of the efforts of the Japs, as paper-makers, but they are producing a very good article, and those wh" have seen it in the country would nob he surprised to find it compet ing in the English market, along with riva's to the black leads of Nuremberg, for Japan is also burning out a decent lead pencil. 'I he cotton-spinning results have been considerably in evidence of late, and from spinning, the Japs, have got to weaving cotton. There is already one weaving mill — the Emma— working in the country, while more are contem- p abed. Then there is a copper works at Osaka, which provides the metal for the bronze coinage of Japan 3 and in the neighbourhood of these works are the sheds of the Alkali Company, with a c .pital of £70 000, which is already turn ing out sulphuric acid and muriatic aoid. Again, the Japanese glassworks are turn ing out chimneys, tumblers, and stoppered chemical bottles j the ironworks have made a centrifugal pump, with a capacity of 45,000gals. an hour ; type-founding and printing machinery, safes, and bi cycles are other products ; and pianos and small steamships are also being built by the industrious Japs." Sir Charles Russell tells with great gusto the following story, which illus trates the inborn knack among Irishmen of turning compliments. Sir Charles, who is, as the world knows, an Irishman himself, says : — "An Irish girl was tak ing a walk with a young male friend of similar nationality and a son of Sir Charles, one on each side of her. They were talking of S"me popular English beauty, and the girl made some dispar aging remark about her countrywomen, saying that beauty had died out in Ire land since the English Conquest. I do not think,' said the young friend, 4 it has died out altogether. I fancy I have seen beauty in this country fully equal to any « you can find air- ss the channel, but that, Frank,' he added, addressing himself to the. other gentleman, 4 is between you and me.' " The girl accepted this ex ceedingly neat compliment with a blush. Thus Simmonds, the clever young Irish man who writes the 44 Oriel" column in the Melbourne Argus : — A politician in a neighbouring colony, who recently married for the third time, is said to have proposed like this : — 44 Darling," whispered softly, as her fingers played with the bright boyish curls scarce ruffled by the zephyrs of their 81st consecutive springtide, 44 darling, I know that my hair wants cutting, and that my aspira- ions are frequently at fault, but time and a little expei ience can remedy many defects. If you consent to n ake me the happiest of men, you will at least have the satisfaction of knowing that you are marrying into one of the most a cient families in Australia. In most of the ancient families, ducky, the esser-tiai virtue of antiquity is diffused among generations long past and gone until it remains' only in the form of a -faint and almost imperceptible aroma which may at times be even positively unpleasant. In this case, however, sweetheart, the holy influence of years, the historic grandeur of antiquity, are concentrated in the individual who is now waiting with all the ardour of four young men of twenty years apiece to lead you to' the altar. I am myself rich in associations. I was born about the time that the opening roar of the cannon at Waterloo was heard at the Brussels ball room. I was already in small-clothes when Queen Yictoria saw the light, and long before the repeal of the Corn Laws I had felt the pangs of love, and written verses to a lady who wore her waist round her neck and her hair in corkscrew curls. I was a middle-aged boy before the Indian mutiny broke out, but the battle of Magenta found me still young and lusty, worshipping a charmer decked with ribbons of the colour that took its name from that great event. When ihe verdict of fate at Jena was reversed at Sedan, 1 swore by a girl who wore a crino line — you were not born then, my dear, and I was already nearly 60, so you need not feel jealous — and since then I have fallen a victim to the Grecian bend, the eelskin dress, the 44 housemaid's skirt,'4" the 44 waterfall," t' e fringe, tan shoes, puffed sleev-s, and many other eccen tricities of fashion. If yi>u do not marry me now I shall probably live to offer my wayward fluttering little heart to a sweet heart in the rational dress. Darling, won't you save me from that? She did. 