__SHO _RSTRY. MY NARROW ESCAPE. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, jact a year ago; but as I can now look back and calmly re. call each thought, each word, each act, I think I will write it down as a warning to all who may find themselves similarly cir. cumstaneed, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may be few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the last ten years, the foreman and book-keeper of the larce lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co.; and hope to be for another decade,unless something better turns up. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the tirm,of which there are two, live in the city, at the foot of thelake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest share of what the mill outs, although the amount of our sales diroetly from the mill, to supply the country to the west of us, is quite larCe. .eWell, one cold September evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, well-dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone-Mr. Winston having gone to -.t hebus sosmae aLl, .. beforee..laslg ':' , I w kept our books and papers, and taking tbe key with him as usual. I had already closed the damper to tIle stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down the lamp-but, of course, I waited. "Good evening, sir," said the man, bustling up to the stove, and kicking the dimper open with his right foot. "Has Winston gone to the house?" I answered that he had. " When I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch-n very fine one, I thought. "I esall not have time to go tip," he said. "The train is duo in fifteen min. unes." " I there anything I can do for you 2" I asked. "'' wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch that calla me home." " What name, sir 1" "Anderson, of Andersonville." I knew him then. though I had seen him hut once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I said bad been, for thoreason that during the past yzar he had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, air, and I will give you a receipt." lie seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone einCe, however. " flow much is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than hall an hour be fore: "Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." " Humph I less than I asuposed. Write out a receipt for that amount." lie left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt. " It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know unon;ow. ~v.oun'o:been btt-a-bVtnetorn on time. I can tell your signature any. where." lie drew from an inside peocket a large "-biack waller very round and full, and count ing out eleven dtfferent piles of bank-notes, ie told me to run them over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained just twenty ten pound notes. The balanco was in note, and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them; but at last we got it eo that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel. ling btag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newsepaper around it, and elipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as Wineton's house was at least a mile distant, I con eluded to keep it until morning, when I could depo-it it in the bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the oflice key from the nail just over the doer, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for the day had gone out on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint. uent ; and I may as well state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. I hastened to my boarding place, ate my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as she was expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would be very interesting, so 1 well passe over it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb me until I arose to take my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them on by the warm fire, but she came back with only my .. "Why, Fred, you certainly did not yen. tore out on such a night as this without an overooat ?" " No coatI" I exclaimed, in a dazedEsort of a way-for the thought of the money, flash ing upon me so ouddenly,had almoststunned The next moment I tore past her like a madman, as 1 was. The coat was gone I Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the staer-rail, and caught it just in time to sup port myself. Carrie came running out, her face turning pale with alarm. "Oh, Fred I are you sick ? Let me call mother and the doctor. You are as white as a sheet," "No, no, Carrie I" I entreated. "There, I am better now." And I was better. I was strong, all at once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? The simple receipt which I had in my pouket. Anderson had nothing to show that the money had been paid, and was not my unaided word as good as his? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brare it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I am much better now. Thoe room was too warm, I guess. S0 some sneak-thiel has dodged in and stolen my oat I Well, let it go. It was only an old one, and I'll have a better." "l But was there anything in your poskets?" asked Careie. . It is strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought that Carrie sue pected me, and an angry reply was on the end of my tongue. I suppressed it, however, and uttered a falsehood in. stead. "Nothing of consequence, Carre. A poon air of gloves and some other trifling "I am glad it is no worse, Fred. Now, If goo will wait just a moment. I will get you one of father's coats to ";ear home. Thus rquipped'I left her. TYon may guoess that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh. ing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were ithe subject of remark. " Why, Fred, you look as though you had met a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. " What is the matter 7" "I have had a bad night of it," I an awered. with a sickly smile. "And you'll have another, if you're not careful. You had better keep quiet today. Ily-the-way, did you write to Audcrson ?" I do not know how I manal'ed to reply, fo: the question set me to shivering from h ad to foot, and I was so week that I oJAld scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the aflirmative, however, for he said: "Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day?" Im. mediately after he added, " Why, Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are eweating like a butcberl You're sick, man. Come I jump into my carriage, and Fll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I lecked myself in. Winston sent a doctorround, but I refused to see him. Then he came himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady came, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah I those were terrible hours that I passed and the night coming on brought me no relief. Can you not guess what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at last esaolvesl upon elf-.d r?.tiev-.: ". - I common?ed my preparations with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope I enclueed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, but all sufficient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, I sat down before the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life. less, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I could admit no one." "Not me, Fred 7" I knew Carrie's voice, anod yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Quietly slipping the tell-tale letters, which I had left on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Olh, Fred I you are real sick,'" exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light tell on my face. "Why did you not sent for me? Aren't you better?" " Worse," I answered, huskily; "but Carrie-good Heaven's I" As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward; and then-I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat I Recovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the groterque dancing of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that: were it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned speoies of demons into one, their capering and dancing would appear tame in uompari. non with mine that night. in time'to'saveCaris'd head as thuamp from the chair or the washstand, which I had selected as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never drehming that a small fortune was lying idly in one of the pookets. Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the affair, but I was next door to it. I made a clean breast of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at sell de struction. No one ever gueseed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for the tfist time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, i shall lead Carrie to the altar. c~• 