CHATER XIII. THE AUTO-DA-FE, "I wanted a word with yon, doctor," said Arnold IDerwent, waylaying Dr. Vinet as he ~e downstairs from Anun rmom the fol lowing morning. "Do you mind coming into the 1 tuoy. The fact is, I think I've got a dlue." "*i'm i you haven't been long "boiit it," ejaculated Dr. Viret, following hum into the room. - - I can say. that foi myself" Arnold con tinued, ' wen once 1m on the job 1 precios soon knock it off. About this woma Lizzie n w in the village Monday night." .Li?z?e is a fool If that is yor clue, I don't think it will help you much." ""That's whore you're wrong." said Arnold; as Florence quiety joined them. S..at least, the wench may bea fool, .rob. ably is, but that doesn't afect her eyesight. She saw somebodyright enough. Youknow Fairford next door 1" 'I o, I don't know him," was the reply. "Nobody knows the man. Perhpsh..he S"Father knew 3€ Fairford." Florence in terpoped looking down at the carpet. "Anyway, ha was in here last night," said Arnold. ip a flat that this woman was prowling about on onday night.r why no; the night ot the fouth of arch, too? And if ao;aSundred t onle ae saw Uncle Joderick." s' . . ""And yet helba tongue abot It' e caimed Dr. Viret incredulouly. "E-' tremely unlikelyl! Women are generally sardy enough to talks Heaen knows.' "Oh,yonmakemetired! Ofoourse,ifyou sit upon every suegestion, it's no use going on. I merely state a theory; if it won't work, give it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a chanoe. You can't deny there's a good deal that's fishy. I'll swear the woman is connected with Fairford-most likely his wife." "What do you mean?" Dr. Viret de manded. "What makes yon say that Y" "She must live somewhere. Fairford is supposed to have the house next door to himself-rot ! Now. why has he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?" "Surely," said Florence, "'Mr Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, which don't concern us." " Oh, no doubt. he has the beat of rea sons!" Arnold retorted. "She never appears by day-a regular night bird. You can't deny that it looks suspicions, doctor." Dr. Viret hesitated, and lookedextremely judicial for a few moments. "If there is such a person in existence," he admitted, "no doubt it does look strange. But is there? You have onlythis silly woman's testimony ; and even if that is to be depended upon, how do you know that she is connected with Falrford ?" " Because he gave himself away so beauti fully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. She began to tell us about Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows juet all about her." " Well then, granting all that," said Dr. Viret, "it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr Derwent. If so, of course she would have spoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually connected with the crime is absurd-she would have no earthly motive." Arnold thrust his hands deep in his tronrers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret's face somewhat pertly, "Have you never heard of a murder without a motive?" he asked. "Oh, Arnold:' cried Florence. "You can't think she-" "L,,ok here, Floy." said Arnold. "I have told you already. Tm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose? Imagine this woman is a lnnatic." " I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr Derwent" "She ought to be-granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose .he's Fairford's wife and a luny ! In order to avoid putting her away. he hides her. She is liable to peri oiical attacks of mania. You must have come across hosts of inch cases. This par ticnlar night-the night of Uncle Rodenck's disappearance-she runs mad at the wrong time " " Absurd I impossible I" exclaimed Dr. Viret. "I never heard anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay." He glanced anxiously at Florence's pale face as he ceased speaking. And she, despite the improbability of his theory, could not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father ! and poor Owen also ! It might be true, and he ignorant; or it might be ridiculously untrue, as Dr Viret avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the surge tion a kind of plausibility, and, save Inspector Holt's, no other theory had been propounded. 'No, no, not so fast," said Arnold. " Some of these lunies are devilish cunning. If she is not wrong in her mind. how do you account for her way of living-for all this confounded mystery? If she is not mad, what is she?" After Dr Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force and gone back to his laboratory, Arnold still continned the dis cussion, and though Florence presently left him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argument restated. " You know," be said, after dinner that evening, "I'm working for you quite as much as myself. Come to that, I don't want to injure the.woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innocent as I am, and that's just what I want to find out." "But how, Arnold? what can you do " "That's a matter for consideration," he replied. "I'll have a nipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain: I can't touch a penny of Uncle Roderick's money till I prove his death. But I shan't stop there, Floy. This old place wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven't for gotten the good old times. They were good times. I often thought of them when I was away." " At Teneriffe, Arnold ?" "Ah !" he cried, with a pleasant Iaugh. " one to yon, that ! You may not believe it, but I often think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pocket?" The truth about me is just this, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straight; bhut if you don't well, I shall go to the deuce headlong. I'm just imperfect without you, and with you--" "You are perfect,Arnold"' she suggested with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. "'At all events, Im as good as most Johnnies," he retorted. "I may not be able to write poetry, like Uncle Roderick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I can fight-there, I don't want to brag; and whatever I am, your word is law. and you can twist me round your lttle finger, Floy." He had, at least, furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so mach in. fluence over him! and, if so, could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to relinquish his idea of attempting to probe Owiensaecret For of this she felt certai: nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. Her own cari.sity had become extreme, her curiosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Prospeet was Owen's wife. Abonu toe honr ween Peorencesh ered to Ann'sroom forthenight,Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the back wiodow of his bedroom admiring the moon, low down over the trees tops. The honse had been in darkness some time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the person in whom he felt so deep an interest would set forth Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had seen her qmt the hon?e, and was not faroff on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed just succeeded in hidming himself in time to avoid detection, he had never dis-. covered any purpose in her peregrinations. She went out, usuaally taking the same direction, and came home again; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at his win dow, staring at thesinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he din. tingniahed a patch of flickerng hight thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite black. What did that light sigifyg W 'ell, it seemed to point to the fact that some one was in the kitchen, apprently making up a blazing fire there. How could Joe obtain a view of this apartment he was so familiar with ? After a few minutes' reflection, he formed his plans, and, taking one or two useful imple ments, set forth to carry them out. At the side of the house was the window, that of the scallery, and before it a kind of sunkarea. Into this Joe descended, but not only was the window shut, its green cotton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitchen, there being a door between it and the scullery, which was seldom closed. But he dated not open the window, lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pocket, he passed it deftly round the pane, cuttng deep into the putty on three sides, and holdiog it in position with his extended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. He next removed the pane of glass, laying it carefully upon the edge of the area, and, putting his cniasel away, took out a racor. Whilst he p:essed its keen edge against the blind he held his breath. The noise of the incision might attract attention; Owen might even be loaking his way at the moment the blade penetrated. For that is was Osen in the kWtchen he felt no doubt whatever. The sound of damns reached Joe's ears; what were they intended to destroy? One cut downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap was formed, which he lost no time in drawing back. His right eye immediately songht the hole. He could command a full view of one half the kitchen. Watching the flames, Owen stood, his arms flolded, his face lighted by the fire, wearing an expression of loathing and disgust. After disappearing a moment, he re entered Joe's field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which he filng into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the songs. Again he disappeared, this time returning with a bottle; unoorking it, he emptied the contents upon the fire, start ing back alertly as the. flames burst forth with renewed vigor. Owen's profile stood out distinct and clear as he ast upon one corner of the plain deal table, his arms folded, his lips firmly set, until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, and died out altogether. Then Owen left the kitchen, and Joe qnickly opened the window and entered it. aot though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he could discover nothing to aford a clue to their origin. It was an hour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and cautioualy setting his foot upon it. Perhaps Mrs Oawdrey would imagine that it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watch fulness, she would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. 