? '??:-??' ?'.;* -?.* JiTGEDM THEA^BEJ. ' AN IDE AIi HUSBAND.' With respect to ; the latest produc tion of the Brough and Boucicault Company — and, according to .announce ment,, the final one of the season — there are, as most people are doubtless aware, very special reasons indeed for re membering that, after all, 'the play's the thing.' As compared with his work, the author is . but va secondary con sideration, or at least should be under ordinary conditions. - However in this case it would be the silliest of affectations to ignore the fact that most of those who went to the Lyceum on Saturday evening to see 'An Ideal Husband ' must have had in their minds, certain recent disclo sures with respect to the writer of the piece- too fearfully irreconcilable with ideal standards of any kind. Let this suffice ~ in the way of allusion to the ' moral problems involved, and as to the question of the taste and judgment displayed by the management. If they were influenced, as , they probably were, by the consideration that the piece would prove a draw, the result so far jus tified their decision. The house was very full, and the performance was watched with close attention from beginning to end. 'An Ideal Husband' when first announced among the list of plays which Mr- Boucicault had secured during: his recent visit to the old country, was mentioned as halving been an immense success at the London Hay market, where it was put on at the begin ning of the year, and where it is stiil run ning. The London managers generally, as we were apprised by cablegram the other day, only took their cue to a very moderate extent from those scandalised Americans who had burned the author's' booke. They simply removed his name from their bills, but declined to bann his plays. The particular play under notice had a most favorable recep tion from the London critics as well as from the public. The author was said to have shown power which had been but faintly suggested in his previous dramatic works— clever and amusing as they had been — that there . was a depth and seriousness in it, and a conception of character of which, for in stance such, a predecessor of it as 'Lady Windermere's Fan,' with its mere -surface glitter and ingenious variations on so ciety talk, gave little hint of. This almost unanimous chorus of admiration, as a good many Sydney playgoers will be very apt to think' after actually seeing the piece, was pitched in rather too high a keyj Merit the pro duction undoubtedly has. The incidents are well contrived and follow one another in natural sequence, yet on the whole they display no great amount of originality ; neither do the characters.' Such state ments, however, necessitate a brief refe rence to the plot. Sir Robert Chiltern (Mr. Titheradge) has made for himself a distinguished parliamentary career. His name is in everybody's mouth as that of a man no less conspicuous for his nice sense of honor than for his talents. In a word, he is regarded as at once a model politician and a model of an English gentleman. For all that he has his skeleton, which Mrs. Cheveley (Misp Olliffe), an adventuress who suddenly turns up, threatens to drag before the world un less he agrees to the terms which she pro poses. In his early days, when poor and ambitious, he had for a large bribe im parted certain information to a speculator which had put half a million in the specu lator's pockets. In doing this Chiltern had betrayed a State secret which had come to his knowledge as secretary to a high official personage. The damning evid ence is contained in a letter; of which the adventuress has become possessed. She insists on his backing up. a financial scheme, which ne was about to denounce from his place in the House of Commons. With ruin staring him in the face, should he refuse, he agrees to her terms. But a ' good genius interposes in the person of j Ms wife, to whom lie is devoted, and { who has iritherto held him to be an embodiment of all the qualities which may become a man. He retracts the promise wrung from him by Mrs. Cheveley. The wife as yet. knows nothing of the exact nature of this woman's power over him. She is speedily enlightened by *Mrs. Cheveley herself. The first feelings of indignation against her husband as one who has worn a mask for years soon gives place to a determination to stand by him. A friend of Cheveley*s, Lord Goring (Mr. Ward), whose conduct in this relationship at all events belies the consistent cynicism of his talk, brings pressure to bear on the adventuress, and makes her surrender the letter, after which it is all pretty plain sailing to the final scene. The play would have been all the stronger if it had been so contrived that it had finished with, the recovery of the letter. That takes place at the close of the third act. The main interest is then exhausted. Still the adventuress is made in the fourth act to aim a sort of Parthian shaft, in the shape of another letter, the certain failure of which to hit the intended mark is so obvious that something very like an anti climax is brought about. And the wind up is of a very conventional kind. The yeung lord is found rather unexpectedly to be a marrying man, his previous utter ances not kaving by any means given the audience assurance of such a character. As has already been hinted, there is nothing very new in the principal figures of the play. The man honored and respected, but who is still haunted by the ghost of Ms past sins is a character very familiar indeed to the modern stage. So is that of the adventuress who is prepared to call up the ghbst. The letter, too, is one of the most hackneyed of mediums through which such apparitions are summoned, The author of 'An Ideal Husband' has been credited with no ordinary verbal dexterity. There is n* lack'.-: of it in the dialogue of this play. It oc casionally goes very near to being brilliant wit, but never quite attains to that level. It is purely on the surface— a gleam that is no sooner visible than it goes out, leaving none of that light behind it wMch true wit invariably does. In short, the dialogue all through ' An Ideal Husband ' is 'very smart and very artificial. The acting was for the most part careful and. intelligent. Jn: no . instance was itparticularly good.' Mr. .Titheradge as Sir -Robert Chiltern seemed to have no real sympathy with the part, and only succeeded in being fairly impressive here and there, his own admirable resources coming more to Ms aid than those fur nished by the text. As Mrs. Cheveley, Miss Olliffe stowed an excellent conception9 of the parV ; :Qn the whole, It - was better than Jher acting of it. V Thel delivery of the words is not perhaps an all important point in act ing, but anyhow in that regard there is a lot of room for improvement in Miss Olliffe. Her enunciation, ' especially in passionate scenes, becomes very indistinct. That, however, is a defeb^ whlch;ti*ae will, improve. MeanwHile she is eridentiy an actress who brings; thonglit and feeling ; to her work. ? One of topr best situations in acMeved ,bjr ;- means *i»f :ier:0Bi3D^ularJ.yr gmcefulfigure/iaided^ cositKime.^ ^jfl^'CheveUy-e^ters^^a^-wii^n.^^Tit:^! seat herself o^^^^^ (cMjbXj '- 'ilieV^sGarlei; MgSiir^iiriiwgr'l'iiFi -r wliic^is matches m imoBt strikingly pwitfr^ a remarkable one. Miss Faber as the devoted . wife was not want ing in those emotional attributes which were supposed to be in 'demand ? and Miss Noble, as the young lady to whom' the cynical young lord ultimately capitu lates, did not discount those good opinions which *he won by her spirited perform- j ance in ?' Rebellious Susan.' Other parts of more 'or less prominence were filled by Miss Wilmot and Migs Temple and by Messrs. Boucicault and Dorrington. The piece was splendidly, staged. It will be played for the last time on Friday night, when the season will end. 