“LAYING” A GHOST. Tn one of the Midland counties is a fine old and rather celebrated historical mansion, with towers, turrets, and muilioned windows. But alas for ail its attractive beauty !—it po sessfB the one terrible drawback with which so many of the grand old mansions are unluckily sfil cted—it has iti ghoit, and its haunted room, which .no servant will enter alone, even in bread daylight, and in which no one ever—or very rarely—sleeps. With the usual provoking irregularity which belongs to the whole tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghost was known to “walk” at the most inconvenient moments, always appearing when not wanted, and oarofnlly disappointing every party pf valiant ghost hunters whenever they mustered up courage euough for the watcu. The ghost always appeared in the attire of a medieval monk —brown habit and cowl, rope girdle, sandals and carried a parchment roll in one hand. About two years ago it happened that the mansion was fall of vistorB and among the last to arrive was a well known canon celebrated for his unflagging spirits and sparkling wit. Bat every room was occupied. He was far too great a favourite to be refused. What was to bo done? Happy thought—the haunted' chamber ! The canon, as a good priest, would of course have no fear of ghoBta, and, besides, he wonld know nothing 'of the ghost, as this was his "first visit. In this ho wever the good host was mistaken, for the witty canon had often heard the story, and knew all about it. Accordingly he was committed to the haunted chamber. Oa the following morn ing, at breakfast, no one appeared. with a brighter or happier fac*, or seemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fun. “It is quite clear,” thought the host, greatly relieved, “he has not been disturbed in any way.” The next morning, and the next, and the next he still came down among the early ones with the same light-hearted aspect which only those who have enjoye'd sound sleep and peaceful dreams can wear. The host’s anxiety at length conld stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness of his rest and the quietude of his nights. But the witty canon, seeing his opportunity, suddenly assuming a very grave mien, informed his host that his first night, at any rate, had been neither quiet nor undisturbed. A sudden pause and a dead silence followed as the canon proceeded to describe how, while he was lying awake, he was aware of the presence in the room of a tall dark figure, which came up to the bed. He observed that the figure was habi ed as a monk, and carried a parchment roll, with which it appeared to point. The canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour and glaring, horrible eyes, as they shone forth beneath the dark cowl. A d 2sn anxious questions at once poured in upon the speaker —“ Wbat did you do ? ’ “ Did you address it?” “ Did he speak to you ?” “How did you get rid of him ?” “ How ?” replied the" witty canon, “ Why, very easily ! I asked him to snbsoribe to my schools and school treat, when he vanished immediately ; and I need hardly add he has nevor honoured me with another visit.” 