A GHOST STORY. Ey Mary Kyle Dallas. , One morning Arthur Heywood received s strange letter It was from his maidei aunt. Miss Maud Hey wood. "Come at once," it said. "lam going tc ) die, and I want to leave you my property [ It seems right to see you first." ; Arthur bad never met his Aunt Maud, whe lived by herself in a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from bei mother, while the boys—her brothers—wers obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the eldest and all he had ; ever said ol his sister Maud was that some-j thing she bad done in early youth had made [ tbem all angry," and that they never saw ! each other, and, for his part, ho never ; desired to do so. 1 And now, when Arthur lleywood was quite alone in the world, this aunt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a etrangc, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of ihc shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. You are a Heywood," she said. " Yon resemble your father, but are not so stern. Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had s liard life of it, unless he was kinder to hei than to his sister. " There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You stall have it. I think yon will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present lam not very ill, but it will be as I eay. Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate bypocrisv. I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last. 1 ' "With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty- ^ear-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been s school-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiousiy uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be ta'kjn ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. ••'It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," he said. " I shall sleep it off.' And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much aB a dream unt'l midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghostseer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a servant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that his aunt was ill. " Have you come to call me t" be asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold; " that woman is dying." "My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. " Your aunt," replied the figure. " If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung." " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was gone He went to the door. It was fastened as be had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was bidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were v was repeated three times. Each time the •trange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood bung, and declared that if it were not done it would soon be too tote. His aunt was not a woman to whom to lepeat such a dream, even had she been in strong health. There was no one else to •peak to. But the 'thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keejsng, following it by eorae reflection? upon dieamg. A* iast, however, be was awakened not by ;a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His aunt was dying-—a servant had come for him When he reached her room she was in •ensible. She never spoke to fcim again. He could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood; and in due course ot time the will was read. It left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Hey wood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar—never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubtless, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closejl. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this rewiark, her hnsbaud would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." " Who will ever know ?" she would urge. 9 " Who carps f" *' A codicil which I have never seen remains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen ?" And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeards chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children , and when the eldest boy was ten years old it bad occurred to him that nothing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And eo one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained thesloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in; but at the moment the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, bearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the rhild remain where he was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what 7 To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the tice. When h® wiurned he found the 1 ng seJed garret doo? opened, heard his wife's story imidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and bad the straight black hair of the woman who had appeared (o him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution ot his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explanation be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil bad been mveloped and scaled by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents, It contained these woids: "This paper will only be opened if the is opened Jso. In that case my secret will bs known to those who are of my own age, for there was much cxcitcmcnt when Jane Jarvelle disnpoearod. She was well-known in the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote mvscjf and exhibiled to curious folk, the truth might have been suspecttd at the time, "Jane came to live with me as housekeeper when I was but twenty, thirty years a«o. I w*s betrothed to a man L adored, My brother Rupert hated him. He placed Jaue Jarvclle in my house as a spy. ffli intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my enga:ement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left ms with scorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I aisco. ercd Jane Jarvelle's treachery. I went in search of her. I found licr in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I murdered her. 1 bbed her to tne heart. She lived only long enough to shriek: " *I will haunt the house un'.il you arc hung for this!' " She has done it. I have seen her. Rut I shall not be bung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and g&thercd; new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. " My brother, Eupert,cross-questioned me, and male great search for Jane Jarvelle; the others were never good to me. Oars was an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. ' " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peare, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, wli3t has my life been ? Again I say—pity me, and pray for me." 