THE COLOBED BOGIE MAN. To the Editor of the 'Evening News.' Sir, — £ was greatly amused during the progress of the recent campaign at the desperate efforts made by the Opposition members and their fledglings to trot oat in bold array the colored gentry of the northern climes. To me it was acceptable new matter, for I was thus enabled to show how sore pressed were oar opponents for a card to play to the electors, and I really often expressed wonder as to whether Sir Henry Parkes and Sir George Dibbs had acquiesced in this declaration of their party against the introduction of colored labor to Australia. This phase of the question however, has now disappeared. What is before us at present for tun and ridicule is the effort being made in certain quarters to bring the colored bogie man into the arena of pressing politics with a view to disturbing the issues before Parliament. Those members — that is, of course, the ugly majority who are holding to their programme of domestic reform — are urged to look the dusky ghost straight in the face, throw everything aside and ' go for him.' This is not a spectre, ther say, but a real, live, colored savage, bent on crushing our ' native industries,' ?' talking Australia, from the Australians,' rendering it more difficult to know 'what to do with our boys,' and absolutely prevent ing as from ??? keeping the''money m the country, and so having the goods and ihe money too.' May I however say with the poetic licence of a great politician — this ghost won't walk. It ap pears that the democrats of our Assembly have somehow got it into their . heads that it is only the protectionists of a northern colony who have introduced the colored slave to work on Australian soil; and that financial assistance in the enterprise has been coming only from the protectionists of a southern colony; and hence the aforesaid democrats of our Parliament do not think that our Opposi tion really means busineEs. Nor does the assertion of 'these friends of the working man' that the Japs., &c;, are about to swamp us with their goods alarm how these latter people have got it into their heads that nations trade by exchange of goods, and that, as Japan, like China, can not be a consumer of Australian products - to any extent, there cannot be any swamp ing of our 'native industries;' so that there is no great need to be concerned, on this score at any rate, as to 'what we shall do with our boys.' I have penned the above in order to show our friends of the Opposition, in and out of Parliament, that, though we are alert as to any real danger, we are just now concerned less about the man with the black skin than we are about the man with the black heart. — Yours, &c;, JOHN HAYNES. 