SUNDAY READING Selected by the Rev. G. E. Rows). TaE FORWARD MOVEMENT ; A Present Dat Message To The Church. Br The Rev.W. Uuswobth. ' Speak unto the children of Israel, that that they go forward. — Bxopus Xiv. IS. I. The forward movements in relation to personal piety. Forward in prayer ; in earnest, sincere, persevering and believing prayer — as in the case of Moses, Jacob, Elijah, and Christ. Al» VS««* iWIKUUCUt UC1UJ1UVU Ui UljlJCl IB ' power with 6od.' prayer is thai, or it is nothing. We must pray and not faint : 'pray without ceasing ; pray till the next thing to do is to step into heaven. Forward in faith ; faith in God ; Faith in Christ ; faith in the Holy Spirit. — Spirit- ual redemption is of the grace of God the Father in its origin of the grace of God the Son in its purchase, of the grace of God theHoly Ghost in its application. We are saved by faith from first to last, and in every degree of salvation. It must be a faith increasing as we increase in light and privileges and blessings. We must live hy faith, walk by faith, stand by faith, be strong in faith. God honors faith because faith honors God. Forward in hope. — Take a favorable view of things. ' We are saved by hope.' We must let it cheer and comfort us on our earthly pilgrimage. In discouragement, we must say to our soul ; Soul, how foolish thou art to give up Hope while God ia left tbee. ' Why art thou cast down, O my soul ?hope thou in God.' This is tbe rat ional policy of life. Forward ih purity.— God says ; ' Be ye holy ; for I am holy. Holiness is provided, promised, and urged, upon our acceptance. It is at once our privilege and duty to be holy. It is to be progressive holiness — growth till we reach the manhood of Christianity. It must be intensely practical. We must not conclude that we are en tirely pure because we are very happy. There must be holiness in the home, the street.tiie field, the shop, as well as in religious meetings. Holiness must write our business letters, stamps our bills, and make our bargains. Forward in love ; till we perfectly love God and in every way of life worthily magnify His holy name.— Our love to God must be true in principle and supreme in degree. It must be an intelligent love, and not the blind devotion of the mere devotee. From love to God there must spring and flow love to man. We must so love our neighbour as to think and feel and act for him. The poet Shelley intimated, when in the cathe dral at Pisa that in hi* belief it would pos sible to found a religion — It the foundation principle were love and not faith.' Well there are three constituent principles of the Christian religion, faith, hope, and, love ; but the greatest of the three is love. Forward in the exercise of Sniritna power. — Power to conquer sin, to do good, to glorify God, to bless humanity. Mot lustingfor Church power orcivil power, but a Christian character, and centring in the Gospel of Christ. This is power made av»Ua.ble for all, while other power may be denied us. Forward in the culture and exercise of all the graces and excellencies of Christianity. ' Love, joy .peace, longsuffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, meekness, temper ance.' Not cutting Christianity up into small parts and taking oar own favourite portion ; but embracing the whole Christian graces in full proportion, so as to produce in our character a life-size portrait of Christianity. We are to grow in grace. The growth is to be sharply and beautiful as in a fine tree, or a fine btulding, or a fine man. All the powers of the sool must grow at the, same time, growing as a whole into symmetry and splendid completeness. Forward to meet difficulties and to con quer them.— E»rtii and hell will oppose, but in God's name and strength you will tri umph, and get finer attributes of character from the struggfo than you could have had without it. We are more than con querors — we_gain and do not k-se in tit battle, II. xiie forward movements in relation to the Church. We must go forward to conquer the world for Christ ?-^The Israelites had to march forward to conquer nation after nation, that they might take possession of the Promised Land. And so tha Israelites under this dispensation must go forth to conquer the whole world, and take posses sion of it in Christ's name. He said; ' All authority hath been given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go yetherefore, and make disciples of all the nations.' As if He had said : Tbe world needs you, and I have authority to send you ; go then, and con vert the world to the principles and prac tices of the Gospel. ' And they went forth and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word by the signs that followed.' Sinners were saved Churches were planted, and Christianity has been growing ever since. But within the last century missions have marvellously multiplied. All sections of the- Church have their Foreign Missionary Societies. And missionaries are pushing out into the interior of the vast continents of the earth,. And visiting the far-off islands of the sea and yet there are millions who have not heard of Christian truth. Some think it was the purpose of God to prepare the whole world for Christ by tbe Jewish dis pensation. But there was a provocation, and it failed. They ask : Will their be another provocation under Christianity ? No ; the Christian dispensation is one of grace and truth, which will save the nations. The Church will ultimately conquer the nations, and the earth will be filled with the glory of Christ's saving power. We must go forward amid the greatest dangers. — The danger to the Israelities, as to us, arose from two sources outward op position and an inward decay of principle. From theae causes they were in danger of a retrograde movement ; and, indeed, were actually go^ty- The illustrations of it are numerous ; The worship of the golden calf ; froqnent murmuring* against God ; longing for the fieshpots of Egypt; and the indul gences of the earthly life ; neglecting to ex terminate their enemies, who became thorns in thdr sides; and the adoption of the gods ofthe countries they conquered, though they were to be witnesses to the unity of the Godhead. These are the dangers of the Israel of .to-day, and they are more to be feared than all outward enemies. But the outward danger to Israel was real and great. Tbe sea before them, the hosts of Pharaoh behind fr-hjMTr, the ininliitainw on either hand. But they were to go forward; and God fought for them. It is to be so still ; and the noble spirits will always find God on their -tide, ana victory sore. Christ went forward from one encounter with Satin to another, and also from battle to .battle with the children of ibis world, tul He triumphed on the Cross. Paul said of danger*: None of these things move me.* *I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem.' We must go forward at the cost of ease and fortuna, reputation, and life itself. John the Baptist west forward in his career till h« was beheaded. Luthei went forward confronted by Pope anc and Kings and Church. John Wesley went forward opposed by magistrates and clergy men and mote. Foreign Missionaries gc forward oppose* by wild beasts and savage men and inhospitable climes. Homemis sionaries go forwtSd confronted by disease sad filth, and disgusting immoralities in the skuas of the great towns. Danger and death must not stop the progress of the church. III. The Chtunb most go forward under the leadership of properly appointed men. — It was progress » * the command of God. but under the le&dalRup; of Moses. The officers must march on in front, and the rank and file must follow. Anywhere andeyerywher? we must follow Jesus, the Captain of our salvation. Christ is at the head of the army ; but ministers and Church-officera and Sunday-school teachers, and all organi zers of Christian labour, must lead on Church workers. We must speak to the children of Israel to-day ; speak Kindly and encourag ingly to them, and show them that their fears are groundless. Speak with the authority given to us by God. Speak with earnestness. Speak to them, telling them not to waste time and strength in vain regrets. The failure of the past may be sad enough, but you cannot alter that. Go forward to make the most of new op portunities. The leaders of the Churches must lead. But if you do, you will lead MIC 1UCVKUC9B -J1 JIXUSCO, »UU iUC J»Vll»» vr& a Greater than Moses. You may have to lead under great difficulty and discourage ment. God meant that there should bf progress under difficulty. If we wait till all difficulties are removed, we shall nerer do anything for God and the race. Moses bad his share of difficulties. Those slaves just liberated from Egypt said : ' Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken ns away to die in the wilderness ?' Moses said : ' Stand still, and see the salva tion of the Lord.' Like many other people they died before their time, died in mind be fore they die in body. Talk of dying, said Moses, go forward to conquer the elements of nature, and to triumph over Pharaoh and his mighty hosts. 