CHINA AFTER THE WAR A STATE OF MORAL BANKRUPTCY. There can hardly, remarks a special correspondent of the Times, be a stronger proof of the moral bankruptcy of China than her inability to produce a single man at such a crisis in her fortunes. THE SON. OF HEAVEN. of the powers that hold sway within the pink walls of the Forbidden City little can be known. The Emperor Kwang-hsu appears to be a sickly 5 outs, with a melancholy but not unattractive countenance, given to violent fits of passion, which be gratifies in a relatively harmless way by smashing his furniture. In the, self-imposed seclusion of his palace, within whose precincts only women and eunuchs are allowed to dwell, be holds no communication with the outside world except through the high State officials, who, in the small hours of the morning approach him on bended knee to present reports upon public affairs in which, it may safely be assumed, the necessities of truth are largely subordinated to the considerations of courtly expediency. When he goes forth from time to time to sacrifice in one of the Imperial temples of the capital, the streets through which he passes are carefully cleaned and guarded, the houses on either side are shut off with heavy hangings, the ground is strewn with yellow sand, and everything removed which might off and the sensitiveness of Imperial eyes or nostrils. Through the deserted thoroughfares the Son of Heaven fl to, generally in the stillness of the night, like a ghost, borne in a lofty palanquin by a troop of bearers trained to carry on their shoulders an enormous bowl filled with water to the brim without allowing a drop to overflow. Until last year, notwithstanding her nominal retirement after the present Em pecor's marriage in 1889, the Dowager Empress undoubtedly continued to exercise a paramount authority. That she possesses energy and ability of a high order is proved by the skill with which she grasped the reins of power, in concert with the widow of the Emperor Hsien Feng after his death in 1861, and the tenacity with which she has held them more or less continuously ever since, boldly breasting or cunningly circumventing every obstacle that successively arose in her path. i She has often been compared to Catherine | the Great, and in everything but the broader aspects of statesmanship the analogy is not "infelicitous-most of all, however, in re[gard to the greed of power, txtravag shop, and tenBuousness common to both. The anniversary of her 60th birthday last autumn was to have been celebrated on a scale of unusual magnificence. Large 'sums were sent up from every province and. still large r sums were le vi d by the provincial officials as the free gift of a grate ' ful people. A splendid road, which at least gives some idea of what Chinese roads were L like in the days of the Empire's prosperity, ''was built from Peking to the re. "sides of the Empress Dowager near the Summer Palace for the Imperial proofs ' sion to pass over. The city gate giving no less to it was restored in all the pristine glory of quaintly carved and painted arose feature, and every house and shop alor g the road blossomed out into a galaxy of newly gilded signboards and many coloured wood work. But the disasters of the War shed a gloom over the outward celebration, and, it is believed, for a time at least, disturbed the Bial piety of which it was intended to be the crowning illustration. How far the Empress Dowager's influence has been permanently shaken it is impossible to say, but there were undoubtedly stormy seems within the palace of which an unmistakable echo reached the outside world in the publication of a memorial from one of the censors, vigorously decease ing the baneful effects of "petticoat" gow vernment. The very mild punishment inflicted upon the author of this philippic showed the sentiments expressed in it to have been viewed, to say the least, with considerable leniency in the highest quarters. Li HUNG CHANG IN A NEW LIGHT. Li Hung Chang, gifted with no mp an in indigence and with a double dose of Chinese cunning, is too much of a sceptic to allow prejudices or principles of any kind to stand in his way. Brought more often than most of his fellow countryman into contact with Europeans, especially during his five-and-twenty years residence at Tien-tsin as Viceroy of Chi-li, he has rubbed up acquaintance with Western modes of thought, and he has learnt', with some success, the art of turning towards every European whom he meets that facet of his character which is most likely to impress his vis tT. On proper occasions he will shed crocodile's tears over the iniquity if the opium trade, yet nowhere does the cultivation of the native poppy receive more encouragement than in the province which he rules, nowhere does the noxious plant thrive more luxuriantly than on his own vast estates. He will deplore the lamentable periodicity of famines in China, and nod eager assent when he is told that the only remedy is to build railways which shall convey to the stricken districts the surplus of other provinces ; yet he failed utterly to cope with the famine which broke out last winter in his own province, and within 60 miles of T en rein, on the only railway line in China. Famine fever carried away 1,200 victims in one village, while a "corner" in the grain trade was being engineered in the Viceroy's Yamên, and train loads of rice were constantly passing down the line, under the very eyes of a starving population, to fill not so much the stomachs of the soldiers as the pockets of the genera's encamped at Shan has kwan. That corruption on the largest and most unblushing scale prevails amongst the friends and relatives who form his social entourage and political supporter?, even his admirers do not deny and it is difficult to believe that his own hands are clean, when he is known to have amassed in the course of a long official career a col Bsal fortune reputed by many to be the largest possessed by any single individual in the whole world. Yet with all his shortcom- ings he is still the man whose influence is believed to represent the best that can be looked for in China under existing conditions. His knowledge of public affairs, both domestic and foreign, is unrivalled amongst his countrymen. He held throughout the last regency a high place in the confidence of the Empress-Dowager. He has been more or less directly associated with all the negotiations which have taken place with foreign Powers during the last 25 years, and if he was not unnaturally reluotat.t to undertake the painful mission of proceeding to Japan as a humble suitor for peace, he unquestionably discharged it with dignity. If the main- springs of his actions must generally be looked for in his own personal interests, he realises, perhaps, on that account all the more clearly the expediency of developing at least the material resources of the country and the necessity of calling in for that purpose the assistance of foreigners. He has already shown himself the leading spirit in the few industrial and commercial enterprises started by his fellow countrymen. He Jjas founded educational and even charitable establishments of which it can at least be said that they are unique in China. He has built the only railway in the Empire. He was the first to realise the utility of telegraphs. Above all, what he does he does with a will. When the first telegraph line between Tien-tsin and Pekin was being repeatedly out and the poles pulled down he was gravely told that the acts were committed by the fungabni, the mysterious spirits of earth and water disturbed in their favourite haunts by a hateful European innovation. Li Hung Chang replied that if he caught one of these Bungaban interfering with the telegraph it would go badly with him. The hint was sufficient. Neither man nor Langshan ever again tampered with the line. REFORM APPARENTLY IMPOSSIBLE. That Li Hung Chang can possibly be the prophet of a great moral revival in China it is difficult to believe. But it is equally difficult to believe that any such prophet can arise out of the ranks of the official classes. There is no rule without exceptions and even amongst the official classes of China there are doubtless individuals who, in both their private and their public life, rise superior to the influences which surround them. But they can do so only as far as they are themselves pe3 sonally concerned. They cannot afford to challenge a conflict with the whole class to which they belong. They may try to keep their own hands clean, but woe betide them if they try to impose such an inconvenient practice upon others. With all the prestige of a great name and a great position, Chang Chih Tung made the attempt and failed. Li Hung Chang never even made the attempt, according to his more charitable critics, because he was too clever to waste his energies on such a hopeless task ; according to others, because 3 he never felt any personal disposition to undertake it It may be doubted whether the Son of Heaven himself could break down the formidable resistance which the vested interests of the official classes would offer to any comprehensive scheme of reform. Diggers and others corn . g from too gold fields cannot do better than call on B. V Lindell, Watchr-akeraad JowoUsr, Hay-street to have their washes thoroughly overhauled and repaired prior U returning to the gold mining centres. Gold purchased or taken in exchange for jewellery or watches are manufactured to order in any design. Advt A 