Gaioty Theatre. The Gaioty Theatre justified its name Inst night. An audience of lioliday- mnkoru pneked tho house, and appeared to enjoy to the full the special programme arranged for their bonefit by Messrs. York and Jones's Minstrel and "Variety Cumpany. Scarcely an item passed without an encore, nnd tho more populnr por- foriucrs wore repeatedly recalled. "With out doubt Mr. AVill AA'allace, tho shaggy- looked comedian, was tlio success of tho evening. His quaint contributions brought tbo uudienoo dangerously near to hysterics. Mr. AVallaco sang and danced, recited, and parodied until considerations of time ulouo put 1111 end to liis occupancy of the stage. Tlio npx>roprinto serio-comic song, "I've AVorkcd Might Hours To- day," was given fairly well by Mr. Stevo Adson, who subsequently repeated liis iaijicivoiiutiou of an Australian lurriliin. Judging from tho de lighted ories which arose from tho direc tion of tho pit Mr. A (Icon's vocabulary in tho larrikin sketch is apparently a faithful reproduction of tho speech affected by tlio youth of certain quarters of Sydnoy and Brisbane. Mr. Harry Gilbort gave vory effec tively ail notion song describing a yontig man's temptations. Tlio youth is an offico clerk. He is in debt, and, receiving a " straight tip " for a nice, ho tulccs somo of liis muster's money in order to back the Iior.se. Tho result of tho raco does not uecord with tho information suxiplied by tlio turf prophet, and tho young innn, on receiving a tele gram stating that tlio liorso ho hacked laid lost, shoots liiinsolf with a revolver. The Bovis Brothers and tlio Anderson Sisters, in sums of thoir specialties displayed tliotr wonted skill. Songs wero given by Miss Jennie Man ning, Miss Millie Horbortc, and Miss Ida llolboiu. Martini und tho Lea Tines went through a clover acrobatic turn. Screams of laughter greeted tho concluding farce, "Thompson's Dead," in whioh M'r. Will AVnllsce was tbo hired assassin, whoso services wero alivuvs ut tho disposal of the highest biddor. Tlio consternation caused when tlio ghost walked was greater than is usually tho case when such a tiling liapxioiis 011 the theatrical stage. Miss Rao Go wan and tlio Poiniaiis join tho company on Saturday. To-niglit and to-morrow ure announced us positiyoiy tlio lust two nights of tho Beaumont family. Thoy tako u benefit to-morrow night. 