THE TRAGEDY OP 'CATHERON ROYALS. [Bv the Author of 'Paulina Lisle,' ' Katjiknjne's 'Vengeance,' &c.;] PAST III. CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) In those hours of his death she was nearer loving her husband than perhaps she could ever have been had he lived. ' I will send breakfast up here,' said Inez, turning to go. ' When you have breakfasted go to him at onco. He is awake, and waiting for you.' Edith made her toilet. Breakfast came; and, despite remorse and grief, when one is i nineteen one can eat. llicn sue nurrieci away to the sick-room. He was lying much as she had left him, propped up among tho pillows, his face whiter than the' linen and lace, whiter than snow. By daylight she saw fully the ghastly change in him — saw that his fair hair was thickly strewn with gray, that the awful indes cribable change that goes before death was al ready on his face. His breathing was labou red and panting — ho had suffered in tensely with spasm of the heart all night, sleeping none at all. This morn ing the paroxysms ot pain naci passed, but he lay utterly worn and exhausted, the cold damp of infinite misery on his brow, the chill of death already on hands and limbs. He lay before her, the total wreck of the gal lant, hopeful, handsome gentleman, whom only one year ago she had married. But the familiar smile she knew so well was on his lips and in his eyes as he saw her. She could not speak for a moment as she looked at him — in silence she took her place close by his side. He was the first to break the silence, in a voice so faint as hardly to be more than a whisper. ' How had she slept — how did she feel? She looked pale, he thought — surely she was not ill ?' 'I?' she said bitterly. ' Oh, no — I am never ill — nothing ever seems to hurt hard, heartless people like me. It is the good and the generous who suffer. I have the happy knack of making all who love me miserable, but my own health never fails. I don't dare to ask you what sort of night you have had : I see it in your face. My coming brings, as it always does, more ill than good.'- 'No' ho said, almost with energy; 'a hundred times no ! Ah, love ! your coming has made me the happiest man on earth. I seem to have nothing to wish for now ! As to the night — the spasms did trouble me, but X feel deliciously easy and at rest this morn ing, and uncommonly happy. Edith, I talked so much last evening I gave you no chance. I want you to tell me all about the year that has gone — all about yourself.' 'There is so little to toll,' she responded ; 'it was really humdrum and uneventful. No- j thing much happened to me : I looked for 'work and got it. Oh, don't be distressed ; it was easy, pleasant work enough, and I was much better busy. I begin to believe that plenty of hard work is a real blessing to dis satisfied, l'estless people — you can't be very miserable when you are very busy — you haven't time for luxuries. I got along very well, and never was ill an hour.' 'But, tell me,' he persisted; 'you don't know how I long to hear. Tell me all about your life after — after ? ' 'Hush she interposed ; holding his hands tight. 'You were the sufferer, not I. Oh, my poor boy ! I never was half worthy such a heart as yours. I am only beginning to realise how selfish, and cruel, and hard I have been. But, with Heaven's help, I will try and be different from this day.' She told him the story of her life, from the time of her flight from Powyss Place to the present, glossing over all that was dark, making the most of all that was bright. But lie understood how her pride had suffered and bled. ' I never thought of your going away,' he said, sadly, ' I might have known better, but I did not—I .vas so sure you would have staid' —if not with Lady Helena, then in some safe shelter ; that you would have taken what, was justly yours. I was stunned when I first heard of your flight. I searched for you every where-J-in America and all. Did you know I went to, America, Edith ?' ? « Tv,„.. j-„i;i ' „i.„ ? ? ? ? „_i r_.-j.i_ .Luc* luiu iuu, ollu ituawurvu. lumuiy. i 'I could not find join* father — I could not find the Stuarts. I must have been very! stnpid somehow — I could find 110 one. Then ! arrived that day when I saw yon in the! Oxford-street shop, when I tried to follow you home and could not. What an evening it ' was ! Then came my last desperate hope when I sent Inez to you and failed. It seemed 1 almost hardest to bear of all.' j 'If I had only known — if I had only' known !' was still her cry. i 'Yes, the trouble lay there. With your I pride you could not act otherwiso than you ? did. For you are very proud, my darling,' j with a smile. ' Do you know it ?' ° 'Very proud — very heartless — very selfish,' she answered, brokenly. ' Oh, no need to tell me how base I have been !' ' Yet I think I like you the better for your pride ; and I foresee — yes, I foresee, that one day yon will bo a happy woman, with as noble, and loving, nnd geuerous a heart as over boat. I understand you, it seems to me now, better than 3'ou understand yourself. One 'day — it may be years from now — the happiness of your', life will come to you. Don't let pride come between you and it then, Edith. I hope that day m:iy come — I pray for it. Lying in my grave love, I think I shall rest easier if I know you are happy on earth.' . ^ ' Don't : don't !' she said; 'I cannot bear it! Your goodness breaks my heart.' 'Thero is one thing I must, ask, Edith,' ho resumed, after a pause : ' a last favour. You will grant it, will you not ?' ? 'Victor! is there anything I would not grant P' ' It is this, then — that when I am gone, j you will hikf* wliaf is your right and your due. This you must. promise me ; no more false pride — ,lie widow of Sir Victor Catheivn must take what is hers. Juan Cathcron ; is married to. a Creole lady, and living in the ; island of Martinique, a reformed man. He in- f liorits the title of Cathcron Royals, with its : income, as lioir-at-law. For the rest, you have your jointure as my widow ; and my grand mother's large fortune, which descended to me I have bequeathed to you in my will. So that when I leave you, my dearest, I leave you safe from all pecuniary troubles. It is my last : wish — nay, my last command, that you take ? all without hesitation. Yon promise me this. Edith ?' | ' I promise,' she answered, slowly. _ j She could not look at him ; it seemed like the Scriptural words, ' heaping coals of fire.. ? i ? i ? » ! Oil I1LT IlUilU. Then for a long time there was silence. He lay back among tho piilows with closed eyes, utterly exhausted, but looking very happy. The bitterness of death was passed — a great peace had come. With the wife he loved beside him, her hand clasped in his, he could go forth in peace knowing that in her heart there was nothing but affection and forgive ness — that one day, in the future, she would be happy. In his death, as in his life, he was thoroughly unselfish. It brought no pangs in It inn nnw tn fnnl that vcars after the crass grew over his grave she would be the happy wife of a happier man. He talked little more ; he dozed at intervals during the day. Edith never loft him for a moment. His aunt and cousin shared the watch off and on all day. They could see that the last great change was near. Pain had loft him — he was entirely at rest. ' Read to me, Edith,' he said once, as the day wore on. She took up a volume of sermons that Lady Helena was fond .of. She opened it, hap hazard, and read. And presently she come to tins, roacung or tne crosses ana trials anct sorrows of life : ' And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and thero shall bo no more death ; neither sorrow nor crying ; neither shall there be any more pain.' His eyes wore fixed upon her with so radiant a light, so infinite a thankfulness, that she 1 could read 110 ? more. Her voice choked j — she laid the book down. Later as the sunset came streaming in, he ? awoke from a long slumber, and looked at the I , , , . ' ,, , 1 guttering oars or ngtit lying on tne carpet. | ' Open the window, Edith,' he said ; ' I '? want to see the sun set once more.' She .obeyed. All flushed with rose light and gold and amethyst splendour, the evening sky glowed like the very gates of paradise. j ' It is beautiful,' Edith said : but its un- | told beauty brought to her somehow a sharp pang of pain. j ' Beautiful !' he repeated, in an ecstatic whisper. ' Oh, love ! if earth is so beauti- ( ful, what must heaven be ?' j Then she heard him softly repeat to him- , self the words she had read : ' And God shall j wipe away all tears from their eyes, and thero shall be no more death ; neither sorrow nor crying ; neither shall there be any more pain.' I He drew a long, long breath, like ono who is very weary and sees rest near. 'Darling,' he said, 'how pale you are—' white as a spirit. Go out for a little into the ' air — don't mind leaving, me. I feel sleepy j again.' She kissed him and went. All her after j life she was glad to remember that their last parting had been with a caress on her part, ' a happy smile on his. With unquestioning obedience, she descended the steps leading from the window, and passed ont into the | rose and gold light of the sunset. She re- j mained perhaps fifteen minutes — certainly not more. The red light of the October sky was ! fast paling to cold gray — the white October moon was rising. She went back. He still , lay as she had left him — his eyes were closed ? she thought I10 was asleep. She bent over ! him, close — closer — growing white almost as 1 himself. Then she knew what it was. j ' Aud there shall be no more death ; neither sorrow nor crying ; neither shall there be any more pain.' I A cry rang through tho room, the long,! wailing cry of widowhood. She fell on her j Knees by the bed. An hour after, the passing ! bell tolle'd somberly through the darkness ; from the steeple of Chesholm Church, telling all whom it might concern that Sir Victor Cathcron had gone homo. ' CHAPTER VII. TWO YEARS AFTER. ' . One brilliant, August noonday a Cunard j ship steamed gallantly down the Mersey, and out into the open sea. j There were a great number of passengers on J board — every cabin, every berth, was filled, j Every country under heaven, it seemed, was represented. After the first two or three days ; out, after the first throe or four times as- j sembling around the dinner-table, and congregating on the sunny deck, people began to know all abont one another, to learn each other's names and histories. There was one lady passenger who from the first excited a good deal of talk and curio sitv. A darklv ' liandsnmn mmm WW in widow's weeds, who rather held herself aloof from everybody, and who seemed all sufficient unto herself. A young lady pitifully young to wear that sombre dross and widow's cap, remarkable anywhere for her beauty, and dig nity, and grace. Who was she ? as with one voice, all tho gentlemen on board cried out that question the moment tlicy saw her first. She was a lady of rank and title, an Eng lish lady, travelling with her two servants — otherwise quite alone. The name on the pas sengers list was Lady Catlieron. Eor the first two days that was all that could be ascertained — just enough to whet curiosity to burning point. Then, in the soli tude and seclusion of tho ladies' cabin, the maid servant became confidential with one of the stewardesses, and narrated, after tho man ner of maids, her mistress' history as far as she knew it. The stewardess, retailed it to the lacly passengers, and the lady passengers gave it at third linnd to the gentlemen. This is what it was : Lady Catlieron young as she looked and was, had nevertheless been a widow for two years. Her husband had been Sir Victor Catlieron, of Chesholm, who had died aftor tho first year of married felicity, leaving an immensely rich widow. MknvnlVln. KiV Vin. tor! thought all the gentlemen. She— Sarah Betts, tho maid — had not known her ladyship during the year of her married life ; she had been engaged in London, some months after my lady s bereavement, *to travel with her on the Continent. My lady had travelled with her aunt, the Lady Helona Powyss, and her cousin, a 'Mrs. Victor.' They had spent tho best part of two yeai-s^ wandering leisu e rely through every country in Europe, I and now my lady was finishing he tour of tlio world by going to America! — wlt3r, Betts did not know. Not many 1 ladies of rank wont to America alone, Betts . thought; but he had heard my lady was American by birth. Everywhere my lady went she had been greatly admired — gentle- men always about her, but she seemed as cold as marble, very high and haughty, utterly indifferent to them all. She did not go into society— she had been awfully fond of her late husband, and was quite broken- hearted at losing him so soon. That was Miss Betts' story, and, like Sam Wcller's immortal valentine, just enough to mako them wish there was more. For the man-servant and avant courier of my lady, I10 was a genteel, dignified, taciturn gentleman, like an elderly duke in difficulties, with whom it was impossible to take liberties or ask questions — a sort of human oyster; who kept himself and his knowledge he;' r^H'oolIrr ennlnrl T-Tn +nlr1 nnfli i n rr. nnrl ? o,- they had to be content with Betts version. So Lady Cathcron became the lady of in terest 011 board. Everybody saw her on deck, her railway rug spread in the sunshine, her low wicker-work chair placed upon it, a largo umbrella unfurled oyer lier head, reading or gazing over the sea toward the land they were nearing. She made no acquaintances, she was perfectly civil to anybody who spoke to her, friendly to a degree with the children, and Jier smiles wore bright and sweet as the sunshine itself. Her reticence could hardly be set down to pride. Before the voyage was over she was many times forward among the steerage passengers, leaving largesses beiunu her, and always followed by thanks and blessings when she came away. Not pride, surely — the great, dark, fathomless eyes were wondronsly sweet aud soft ; tho lips, that might once have been haughty and hard, were tender and gentle now, and yet there was a vague intangible something about her, that held all at arm's length, that let no one come one inch nearer than it was her will they should come. Ladv Cathcron had been their interest from the first — she was their mystery to the end. Yes, it was Edith — Edith going home. Home ? Well, hardly that, perhaps ; she was going to see her father at his urgent request. He had returned once more to Sandypoint ; he had been ailing lately, and he yearned to see his darling. His letter reached her in Paris, and Edith crossed over at once to Liver pool, and took the Cunard steamer. Was there in, her heart any hope of seeing, as well, other friends ? Hardly — and yet, as America drew near and nearer, her heart beat with a hope and restlessness she could no more explain than I can. In Naples, six months ago, sue had met witn a party ot Americans, and among them Mrs. Featherbrain, of light headed memory. Mrs. Featherbrain had recognised an old acquaintance in Lady Catheron, and hailed her with effusion. For Edith, she shrank away with the old feeling of dislike and repulsion, and yet she listened to her chatter, too. ' How sad it was,' said gay Mrs. Feather brain, ' about the poor, dear Stuarts. That delightful Charley, too ! Ah ! it is very sad. Did Lady Catheron correspond with them?. But of course she did, being a relative ana everything.' ' No,' Edith answered, her pale face a shade paler than usual ; ' she had entirely lost sight of them lately. She would be very glad to hear of them, though. Did Mrs. Featherbrain know — ' ' 'Oh, dear, no!' Mrs. Featherbrain answered ; ' I lost sight of them too — every one lias. When people become poor, and drop out of the world, as it were, it is impossible to follow them up. She bad-heard, just before their party started, that Trixy was about to be married, and thatCharley — poor Charley !— was going to California to seek his fortune. But she knew nothing positively, only that they were certainly not to be seen in New York — that the places and the people that had known them once, knew them no more.' That was all. It could not be, then, that the hope of meet ing them was in Edith's mind; and yet her whole soul yearned to meet them — to ask their forgiveness, if no more. To clasp Trixy's hand once again — honest, loving, impulsive, warm-hearted Trixy — to feel her arms about her as of old, it seemed to Edith Catheron, she could have given half her life. Of any other, slio would not let herself think. He had passed out of her life forever and ever ? nothing could alter tliatl ' Everywhere she went she was admired.' her servants had said, ' but to all she was as cold as marble.' Yes, and it would always be so while life remained. There had been but one man in all the world for her from the first — she had given him up of her own free will ; she must abide by lier decision; but there never would bo any other. One loveless marriage she had made ; she never would make another. Charley Stuart might — would, beyond doubt — forget her and marry, but she would go to her grave her whole heart his. They reached New York : and there were many kindly partings and cordial farewells. Lady Catheron and her two servants drove away to an uptown hotel, where rooms had been engaged, and all the papers duly chroni cled tho distinguished arrival. One day to rest— then down to Sandypoint, leavino- oos siping Betts and the silent elderly gentleman behind her. And in the twilight of an August day she entered Sandypoiiit, and walked slowly through the little town, home. Only three years since she had left, a happy, hopeful girl of eighteen — returning now a saddened, lonely woman of twenty-one. How strangely altered the old landmarks, and yet how familiar. Hero were the stores to which she used to walk, sulky and discontented, through tho rain, to do the family marketing. Here spread tho wide sea, smiling and placid, whereon she and Charloy used to sail. Yon dor lay the marsli where, that winter ni^ht, she had saved his life. Would it have been as well, she thought with weary wondor, if they had both died that night? Hero was tlio nook where he had come upon her that wet, dark morning, with his mother's letter, wlien her life seemed to begin— here the gate where he had stood when he gave her his warning ? 'Whatever the future brings, Edith, don't blamo mo.' No, she blamed nobody but her self ; tho happiness of her life had lain within her grasp, and she had stretched forth her hand and pushed it away. There was the open window whore lie used to sit, in tho days of his convalescence, and amused him self sotting her inflammable temper alight. ' It was all associated with him. Then the houso door opens, a tall, elderly ' man comes out, there is a great cry, father and 1 daughter moot, and for an hour or so, sho cxn ? forget even Charley. She remains a week. How oddly familiar and yet strange it all seems ? The children noisier and -ruder than ever, her father grown grayer and wrinkled, her step-mother, shrill of tongue and acrid of temper as of yore; but fawningly obsequious to her. The people who used to know her, and who flock to see her ; the young men who used to be in love with her, and who stare at her speechlessly and afar off now ; it amuses her for awhile ; then she tires of it — sho tiros of overythiiig of late — her old fever of restless ness comes back. This dull Sandypoint, with its inquisitive gapers and questioners, is not to be endured, even for lier father's sake. Slio will return to Now York. In the bustling life there — the restless, ceaseless flow of humanity, she alone finds so litude and rest now. She goes, but she leaves behind her that which renders keeping boar ders of teaching classics forever unnecessary to Frederick Darrell. So go back. What her plans arc for the future she does not JcnoAV. She has no plans ; she cannot tell how long she may remain, or where she will eventually take up her abode. It seems to her she will be a sort of feminine Wandering Jew .all her life ; that life lacks something that renders -lier restless — she does not care to think what. Slio may stay all winter — sho may pack up and start any day for England. September passes, and sho has not gone. A few of the acquaintances she made when nere DCiore witn uiie Dtuarcs can upon lier, but tlioy can tell her nothing of them. If the Stuarts were all dead and buried, they could not more completely have dropped out of the lives of their summer-time friends, It must be true, she thinks, what Mrs. Featherbrain told lier. Trixy is married and settled somewhere with her mother, and Charloy is thousands of miles away, ' seeking his fortune.',' Then, all at once, she resolves to go back to Encland. Her handsome iointuro house awaits her, Lady Helena and Inez long for her, love her ; she will go back to them — try to be at peace like other women, try to live her life out and forget. She has some purchases to make before I10 departs. Sho goes into a Broadway store one day, advances to a coun ter, and says : ' I wish to see some black Lyons velvet.' Tlion she pauses, and looks at some black kid gloves lying before-her. ' What is tho number?' she asks, lifting a pair. The young man behind the counter makes no reply. She raises lier eyes to his face for the first time, and sees — Charley Stuart ! CHAPTER VIII. FORGIVEN OR — FORGOTTEN ? Charley Stuart! The original of the pic tured face that lies over her heart by night and day. Charley — unchanged, calm, hand some, eminently self-possessed as ever, look ing at her with grave gray eyes. She turns giddy, with the utter shock of the great surprise; she leans for a second heavily against the countcr, and looks at liim with eyes that cannot believe what they see. 'Charley!' 'Edith!' _ _ .... .......... .Yes, - it- is his voice, his smile, and he stretches his hand across the counter and takes hers. Then she sinks into a seat and for a moment the store, and the faces, swim about her in a hot mist. But her heart has given one great glad leap, and she knows she had found what all unconsciously she had been longing for, seeking for — Charley ! He is the first to recover himself — if, indeed he has lost himself for an instant — and speaks : ' This is a staggerer,' he says ; ' and yet I don't know why it should be, either, since everybody, high and low, who visits New York drops in hero for the necessaries of life, sooner or later. I began to think, however, that you must have gone away again.' She looks at him. He is in no way chanscd that she can see — the very same Charley of three years before. ' Yon knew I was here ?' she asks. ' Certainly, Lady Cathcron. I read the morning papers, and always look out for distinguished arrivals. Like the scent of the roses, my aristocratic tastes cling to me still. I thought you would hardly endure a month at Sandypoint— delightful, 110 doubt, as that thriving township is. I don't need to ask you how you have been — I can see for myself — you never looked better.' He meets her steady, reproachful gaze with perfect sang-froid. ' You knew I was here, and you would not come to see me,' those dark, luminous eyes say. His perfect careless, indifferent manner stings her to the quick. 'Trixy knew I was here, too, of course!' she says, in a very low voice. 'No,' Charley answers; 'I don't think sho did. I didn't tell her, and I am pretty sure if she had found it out for herself, her family circle would have heard of it. I greatly doubt, even, whether she would not have taken the liberty of calling upon you.' * She lifts her eyes again, with a reproach her lips will not speak. ' I have deserved it,' that dark, sad glance says, ' but you might spare me.' 'We were all very sorry to hear of Sir Victor Catheron s death,' Charley resumes, gravely. 'Hammond told us; he writes occasionally. Heart disease, wasn't it? ? poor fellow ! I hope Lady Helena Powvss is quite well ?' ' She is quite well.' 4-1, — : ? 1 , ? un«i.u 10 u. pause — ner noartis lull, and he stands hero so utterly unmoved, talking common-places', and looking as if even tho memory of tho past were dead and buried. As no donbt indeed it is. Sho handles the gloves sho still holds nervously, for once in her life at a loss. ' Your mother and Trixy are well ?' sho says, after that pause. ' Quite well.' She looks up desperately. 'Charloy,' she exclaims, 'mayn't I see thorn? ^ I have wanted to see them so much— to ? ' No, her voice breaks ; she cannot finish tho sentenco. ' Certainly, yon can see them,' Mr. Stuart answers, promptly ; ' they will bo delighted, I am sure. Tlicy might not feel at liberty to call upon you, Lady Catlieron, of course, but, all the same, tliey will only bo too liappy if ' Lady Catlieron will so far honour them.' Ho says this m tlio old lazy, pleasant voice, but it is quite evident he does not mean to spaio lioi— lus half-sarcastic accent makes her wince as though in actual bodily pain. 'I'll givo you tho address if you liW' gnes on ; ' its not the most aristocratic neigh boiirhood m the world, butit's perfectly quiet, and safe. ^ Ho scribbles something in pencil. IiLeic it is— -on the east side of town you soo Trixy won't bo homo until seven; she's at work in a fancy shop in Sixth avenue, you know — no, you don't know, of course, but she is, and I generally call round for her at closing up time. But you're safe to find her at home any evening you may name, Lady Catheron, after seven p.m.' Sho takes' the slip of paper very humbly — very unlike the Edith he used to know — her lips quivering, as ho can see. 'May I go at once?' she asks, in that humble little voice. ' I can't wait. I want to sec your mother, and I will stay until Trixy comes.' 'My mother will be tliero, and charmed to see you. Of course you can go at onco — why should you hesitate ? It's very kind of you and all that. I would escort you there if I could, but nnhap T',„ V — '11 1,., nf. iillUIl ULLUJ. J.U LI 11 UM1, U-KJ ?luuu.u all finding it.' He is perfectly cordial — perfectly indifferent. He looks at her as he might look at Mrs. Featherbrain herself. Yes, Edith, it is all over for you ! 'I thought you were in California,' sho says, as slio rises to go ; ' and that Trixy was married.' 'No, I have never left Now York, and Trixy is pining'is single blessedness still. We arc going to alter all that shortly, though — for further particulars, apply to Trixy. Are ?you going ? Good-bye, for the present, Lady She is out in the bright sunshine, feeling as though she were in a dream. Sho .summons a hack, and is driven away eastward to the address I10 has given her. She finds it — a tall tenement-house in a close street, smelling of breweries, and sho ascends a long flight of earpetlcss stairs, and knocks at a door 011 the upper landing. It is opened, and the well-remembered face of Aunt CJliatty looks out. 'Mrs. Stuart!' A darkly beautiful face is before her, two blacK gloved hands are outstretencct, two brown brilliant eyes shine upon her through tears. And Mrs. Stuart recoils with a gasp. ' Oh dear mo,' she says, ' it is Edith !' Yes, it is Edith, with tears large and thick in her eyes who kisses the familiar face, and who is sitting beside her — liow, Mrs. Stuart never knows in her amaze and bewilderment — in tho humble little front room. How changed it all is from the splendour of that other house in Fifth Avenue. How different this dingy black alpaca dress and rusty widow's cap from the heavy silks and French millinery of other days. But Aunt Chatty's good, easy, kindly faco is tho same. A hundred questions are asked and an swered. Edith tells her how long she has been in New York, of how only and hour ago she chanced upon Charloy and found out their whereabouts. And now, if Aunt Chatty pleases, she is going to take off lier bonnet and wait until Beatrix comes homo. ' Of course you will wait ! Take off your things right away. Dear mo ! and it is really our Editli. Won't Trixy bo surprised and glad ? It isn't much of a place this,' says poor Mrs. Stuart, glancing about her ruefully ; ' not what you're used to, my. dear ; but such as it is ? ' . An impetuous kiss from Edith 'closes her lips. ' Oh, hush !' sho says ; ' yon are in it— and glad to see me. I ask no more.' | ' And you are a widow, too, dear child,' ! Mrs. Stuart sighs, touching lier black dress compassionately ; it is very hard — so young, and only one short year his wife. Captain Hammond told us — he writes to Trixy,. you know. Poor Sir Victor ! so nice as- lie was, and that good, pleasant Lady Helena:. We were all so sorry. And you, my dear— liow have you been ?' ' Perfectly well,' Edith answers, but she will not talk of herself. Aunt Chatty must tell her all about their trouble. Aunt Chatty tells plaintively, only too glad to pour her sorrows into sympathizing ears. ' It was very hard at first — dreadfully hard. Poor Mr. Stuart died — it was too mueli for him. Everything was sold — everything —we were left beggars. Work was difficult to get — then I fell ill. Charley was in des pair almost — he gfew thin and hollow-eyed, the very ghost of himself. AH our old friends seemed to drop off, and only Provi dence set Nellie Seton along, wo might all have died or gone to the almshouse.' ' ' Nellie Seton ?' Edith inquired ; ' who is sho ? what did she do P' ' She was a school friend of Trixy's, in re duced circumstances, like ourselves, v/ho came to our succour like an angel in human form. She got Trixy a situation in a fancy store, she nursed me, and kept me alive on wine and jellies when I could touch nothing else. Sho cheered up Charley and kept liim from dying of despair. To Nellie Seton, under Heaven, we owe it that we are alive at all.' ' She is a young lady — this good Miss Seton ?' Edith asks, with a sharp contraction of the heart. ? ' Yes ; about Trixy's age and wonderfully clever. She writes poetry, aud gets paid for it, and the prettiest stories for the magazines., and is quite rich. She is one of the family now almost — very likoly she will bo home presently with Charley and Trixy — they're always together. And now, if you will excuse me, Edith, I'll go and get tea.' She bustles away, and Edith sits in tho little parlour, alone. And she feels, witli a heart like a stone, that what she has lost forever, this bravo, good Nellie Seton lias won. Well ! she deserves it ; she will try to like lier, Edith thinks; but somehow, even at the thought, her heart revolts. The old feel ing for Mrs. Featherbrain, for Lady Gwendo line, tries to co^ie back, in spite of her,' for this unseen Miss Seton. Sho is an altered womin— -1 Doctor womoji, u more unselfish women, but tho^ whole leaven of iniquity is not dead yet. The moments drag 011— it is drawing near seven. How will Trixy receive her, she won ders. Will she be generous, and forget the past, or will sho make hor feel it, as her brother has done ? Seven. Mrs Stuart has set the table. How odct it seems to seo Aunt Chatty working. The tea is sending its fragrance through tlia little rooms, tho buttered toast is made, tho cakc is cut, the pink liam is sliced, evorythiug looks nice and inviting. Suddonly there is the sound of. footsteps on tho stairs, of girls' gay tones and sweet laughter — then the kitehon door flies open, and Trixy's well-rememborcd voico is anima tedly exclaiming : ' Ma !. is tea ready ? I am famished, and so is Nell. What! tho table sot in tho parlour instate! Goodness!' Edith rises, whito as tlio dainty Mario Stuart widow's cap sho wears1 — still and beau tiful sho stands. She sees Trixy's tall figuro, a smaller, slighter young lady beside hor, aiul Charloy standing behind both. Half a minute later Trixy sweeps in, sees tho motionless figuro, and recoils with a shriek. 'Trixy!' Edith advances with the world - that is almost a sob. And Trixy's faco grows radiant. ' It is ! it is ! it is !' She screams, and rushes forward, and cat ches Edith in a perfcct bear's hug, laughing, crying, and kissing, all in a breath. (To he continued.) 