RACING REFLECTIONS. By 'Delaware.' Tebeb of Mr. -Cam Hordern's Noidenfeldt colts will put in an appearance at Randwick thxough the week, fox the purpose of being educated. They are quite up to the 'Bull-dogs' earlier efforts, and will com pare well with Strathmore, Cuiloden. and Oo. for size and shape. 1 do hope that a Strathmore will l*e found among them, because no man on the tuii belter de-ativeo to own a tirst- class horse than Mr. Hordern. He sets an example to tbe monied classes i by carrying on the game in a princely style. , U is very pleasing to see this good sports man's colors in the van, as they have been ot late, but it would be a greater pleasure if they were first home in a Derby or a Cap. 1 have no doubt Mr. Horderns team will have to be reckcned with next spring in some of the classical xacea, when his fine Abercom colts have matured. This is only as it should be, as it will take a Rood race or two to equalise the loss which Mr. Hordern sustained through the death of such a horse as Nordenfeldt. The three yoang Norden feldts which has strengthened Earnsbaw's team consist of two fillies and a colt. The latter ts from The Gift, whom he resemb.es somewhat about the head. He is a brown, with a white blaze down the face. This colt compares favorably with most of this season's yearlings ior size, but 1 hear he is the smallest of the Kordenfeldt colte that axe to follow in due coune. This young gentlemen is a rare one to follow and a beauty to meet. He is a nice mover and was much admired on Friday afternoon, as he trotted and cantered around the tan track with bis young relations Hindoo's half sister, by Korie&feldt;, from Idolatry (imp.), is a sweet well*£rown bay. .She is the truest shaped yeatUag at Rand wick, and her, Lhat is. if Mr. Herders will let met which, of CGUise, is not at all likely, be^au^ she ought to be invaluable lor a bzood znare. bat as she is from a mare by Igonomy. :rom Barmecide's dam, La Troppe, by Hermit, from Ambuscade, ;by Vedette from Cross* lanes, by £laue, etc. The third yonng -'ordenfeldt is a very neat bay fiiiy, ^litoi tie imported Gallia:d mare, liay Jenny, ihe is of the hardy*come-early sort. The ' Critics ' who wrote bo much, rubbish about kordenfeldt losing his power will look somewhat small when they see this trio, which are much below those at home in point of szie, yet they are quite up to the average of this year's youngsters. * « 9 The yearlings exercising every day at Bandwick seem a much better jut than last seasons both as regards size and quality, irome of the trainers have already given the babies a furlong cr two in order to fcee if they have any pace, bat as is generally the case when they are eo young and green, the youngster carrying tee best jockey finishes in frost This reminds me of a Kandwicc trainer who hai threa 2-yeir-olds ia work, and wishing to try tbem. he put Billy Corran on one and two stable lads on tbe others, iroranwas «w&y; lamps of weight, bnt won the -ttJi galloping morning- the trainer put oonuH on one or Vhe beaten horses- but William got him home nicely, then William had u le£ u pion the third and beat the otber two very easily, cout-equcntly the trainer was in a nice dilemna; he didn't know which of the three was the best ; but Curxan pat bim right by telling .bim. which was the right one, and in the race the jockey's judgment proved all right. The two-year-olds were Loch Leigh, Loch Kna, and Loch Katrine. By the bye it seems iunny when there is such an outcry about the dearth of good jockeyB why Curran is not seen in the saddle oftner. Perhaps it iB because he doesn't belong to a 'push,' or is it that he is 'un fashionable/' Mr. W. E. Dakia has issned bis National weights, and the work bears the impress of the man with the eyeglass and tbe nice clothes. I didn't expect that Mr. J. B. Clarke's colt, Ohesteman, would have much the best of the older and more seasoned junipers in tbe matter of weights. Mr. Dakin has no sympathy with Mr. Clark's endeavor to raise hurdle-racing op to the standard of, say, ten years ago, by entering a three-year-old who is very nearly up to w.ia. form. Perhaps the reason of this want of sympathy i'b on account of Mr. Olark being a turf -reformer ; and one of his best reforms is to reform Mr. Dakin of the face of the earth— or, rather, turf. Consequently it is no more than was expected when Mr, 3-. damped list 71b on the three year-old Chesterman. 1 remember the time when there would have been an uproar for giving a three-year-old such a crasher, but now, alas, there are no ' Apgurs ' to speak oat and tell the handicapper he was a fool— or no a gentleman. Chesterman might win the National notwithstanding his weight ; any thing might happen after last Bandwick meeting. Crashed and all as Chester man is, how In thunder is Ballater going to give him 31b and a beating over 3 miles, even allowing that they can both jump. Take the hurdles away and It would be ' ? ? 1 ? guinea* to gooseberryfl on the colt, I don't know whether Chesterman can jump, but 1 em tyre Ballater cannot. There seeniB much truth iu the contention of a well-known private trainer at Uandwick, that N.S-W. horses have very little chance of winning a iAce under Dakiu's handicapping. Dakin don't like any goad ViotovUu money to go to Sydney; especially when 41 poor ' Mr Miller wants it. The Merry Girl— I'earl Powder squabble reached its final stage, as far as lattery alls' Ciubia concerned, on Tuesday, when that immaculate body gave the bats to the former and ordered one of its rebellious members tp be executed, I mean fined, for conduct unbecoming a member of Tattersalls. If the club were to enforce this ' conduct unbecoming ' rule, they would soon run out of members. 1 don't know whether Tatta. were right in ordering their members to. pay Merry Girl, the reason 1 don't know is because 1 am not (unfortunately) a lawyer, but 1 think this ruling should only apply to their own members, and not to outsiders, who have no voice in the framing or in the carrying oat of the rules of this (a private) Club. The outside bookmakers obeyed the mandate of the Kensington Club, and paid Pearl Powder. Now, according to Tattersall's, they will have to pay Merry Girl as well. If they don't pay Merry Girl they will be branded as welshers, whilst the Tatt's man, who has only paid one, will be as pure as an angeL This is a good case for the A.J.C. to have a say in as a properly constituted body. They should say whether Tattersall's Club has any right to dictate to the outside world even over a pony race. 1 should very much like to rise and &sk;~-\Vho tbe Devil invested Tattersall's Club with any power outside their own members' roll / Vet they have a lot of power. If a non-member of Tatt's refuses to pay a wager over Pearl Powder, a member of Tatt's can have him thrown out I of Bandwick paddock, on bis little pink ear I —though the thrown-out one hasn't had the least voice in the making of the rule which is brought into operation in order to have him 'chacked out' Some day they will throw the wrong man out, then there will be a rumpus, and a lose of power to this high toned institution. I am bound to say that bookmakers, as a body, are very lenient to their clients who cannot pay, and in all my experience I don't remember ever seeing a broke backer put out at the instigation of a bookmaker, but still they have the power to have the cirant punter ejected if he shows his nose within the sacred enclosure. But, as 1 said before, thev seldom or ever use this Dower, which of course, redonuds to-the'r credit. 1 should | like to hear of the same forbearance iu any | other profession. But all this is beside the , question of the right to put a uian out be cause he is indebted to u bookmaker, or any j body else. If a man owes £1,000 over any | legitimate transaction, he can walk around | Bandwick, and get drunk if he likes, but j as long ae he behaves himself, nobody will j molest him. Suppose an otherwise reputable citizen, filled with information and bad whisky, pats a bit extra on something 'snippy,'' and it gets beat, as 'snippy' things invariably do, and on settling-day he cannot pay ; next day he turus up with a little 'ready,' armed with several tips, which he has carefully cut from the sporting columns of souje newspaper. Suppose one of the busted backer's creditors objected to him breathiug the game air as he does, and Iodzes a complaint, and the B.B. is passed out ou the road. Then suppose the ejected one tests tbe case, and happens to have the lack to get hold of a fair J udge, tbe said fair Judge might tell the ejectors that tbey were altogether wrong, and he might also tell the complaining bookmaker that to owe money is not an oifeoce at law, and that the bookmaker had no control over anybody, except members of his own club. He might also tell him betting was illegal, and, there fore, he or anybody else had no right to throw a man out, because he was a party to an illegal transaction without throwing out the other party. I must admit that I do not think this eort of thing is likely to happen : hut, then, so many unlikely things happen on a r&cecour;&e.; Some non members of Tatteraali's declare that thes -nill not pay their Pearl Powder bets, and will go into Randwick enclesuie and defy the authorities to molest them. If tbey do this, we are likely to Eee some fnn. » » » Perhaps it was through the races being h?ld on Tuesday, instead oif Thursday, that the Qt^onoa at K *n tinman «roa nn in usual average. The new rin? worked all ri^ht. and 1 heard no complaint* abont short odds. The first race, for which there were only five entries, was a walk over for Kraud, who would have been the outsider of the party bad tue other four started. Thtse scratchings were, I believe, dae to each being afraid of the other, each, declaring the other was u chucked in.' This, 1 take it, was a great compliment to the handi capper. Old Tom started eecoad favorite in a good beiting race (.14. 1 Handicap), and won easily. Uillie, who wa3 the most fancied for the 13.2 race* won as she liked. Only two started for the 14.2 Handicap, and Cheater only just landed the 7 to 4 that was laid on bim, by by half a length from Melissa, who was very injudiciously handled. Nana did the Books some good by winning tbe 34 bands race from the favorite, there being only three tfierB in the raca. A new pony, named Voina, started for this race. She is by Trident, and waB put about as a' dead bird.' She might not have been a b'.rd, but she was dead— very. The new Bookmaker' smelling powers seemed quite equal to that of the Tatt's. men, because they soon smelt out the intentions of the Volna people, and knocked that lady back from 2 to 1 to any price. Ihe public, who backed her, drew wry-faces at being robbed, bat tbe short sighted stewards saw nothing wrong. Volna will win in a walk when she is instructed so to do. Voang Jack Fielder got a turn in the last race, in fact a couple of tarns ; one with his own pony, Bautry, who won ; aud one with Loch Mohr, who very nearly won, near enough, in fact, to make yonng Jack turn white. Bantry and Silver Hill started joint favorites at 2 to 1 each, but the latter— having to hump the unnatural weight of 9at 81b— hadn't a ghost of a chance with tbe placed horses. During the afternoon there was a strong tendency to lay against Pearl Powder and back Merry Girl to get the bets from Tatter ealle. Some money changed hands at 3 to 1 on Merry Girl, yet some people despise the value of ' information ' at horseracing. * w ? Id order to get even with the Kensington people tbe At&oeiated; Bookmakers have arranged with the Associated Bace-Clubs to allow only those who are nominated by the Associated Books to bet at their meetings after this year's registration is at an end. 1 fail to eee how this aove will affect Ken sington, which is already provided with a Bing that is not likely to leave the Kensing ton half-dollars to go to the Association even after ' quids.' It is hinted that the A.B.A/b intend to race in opposition to Kensington. If they do, their heads will ache first. Another rumor that is going the rounds is that the Kensington people intend to race on Saturday, in opposition to the associated : horae-meetings, and if necessary to combine \- horseB with ponies on the weight for height ! principle. If they, do this, they are likely to beat the proprietary courses, because of their bandiness of position and cheap admission. Without going into the stupidity of the course-proprietors in binding themselves to the bookmakers, X may prophesy that the outcome of all thiB boycotting and friction will be satisfactory to all lovers of the sport of kings, because it will be likely to burst up '* pony ' racing altogether, or send one or two of these racecourses broke, and the more that gs- broke the better for tbe game, i'ouy racing is just as interesting us hor&e-racing;, if it is conducted ou proper lines, but there 1b much more license allowed in apony-mce than in n . hojge-racc — liceiisc which has brought tlie gauie dowa u» the level of pro fessional pedestriauibiu. and has driven the bettor class of race-goer away. The manage ment could easily alter this if they had a general kt rubbing-out,' and compelled the crooks to go straight, or go out for good. Until they show that they are ?'ii earnest in keeping the &port; clean, the public will carefully stay away from their meetings— and the cud Mill be bankruptcy for the several unstable proprietaries. William AUsopp who took Paris to England, writes to his brother John, tbe well-known trainer, to say that his valuable charge was landed safe and sound. Tbe galloping machine's new master, Lord Marcus Beresford, was highly pleaded with him, and he personally thanked Allsopp for the way in which he landed him. Ailsopp has poor opinion of English trainers who, to use Allsopp's own words, do not know how | to train horses, as long as their charges look well to the eye, they are lit Allsopp saw i the Two Thousand run and says that there j was nine horses competing, but not oae of i them were uot fit to run for nuts. New- 1 market, he says, is a very nice place, but the : people about there are a hundred years behind Australia as regards raoing. New market racecourse is straight, And some times they liuish a couple of furlongs away, consequently only those with good glass's can tell the winners, and not then uulees it is an easy win. It is a difficult matter for a stranger to tell one horse from another, as the race- cards ate got up in a most wretched fashion, and if you ask anybody around it's a 100 to 1 he doesn't know. Allsopp con siders the accommodation at Kensington or Canterbury infinitely superior to Newmarket, the head-quarters of English racing. Hie opinion o£ the jockeys is poor ; they ride too loner, and never think of making a race of it until the last furlong has been entered into. Allsopp mentions about the success of the Americans, and tbe way the little blackboy Simms was laughed at when he went out for the race won by l£au de Gaille, but in spite of his opponents' merriment be rode a much better race than they did. consequently the laugh was all the other way when the numbers went up. The Americans' idea oi training horses is much like the Australians', and the very antipodes of tbe English, but in the writer's opinion tbe English horses arc the bsst, it they were only made work in order to rid them of the loads of superllous lieih. He thinks a horse like Cremorne, in his Birthday Cup condi tion, would eat the English handicap horses, always providing there was something to make a pace. He is confident of Paris' ability to beat the Knglish horses if he iB only trained properly, but Williams is dubious of those English trainers, whose motto is beaf before everything. It was generally supposed that Allsopp would rema'n with Paris in the old country, but this is not the c^se, as he is coming back to Sydney by the 'lhermoplte, the boat which took him and I'aris to England. Allsopp met Mr. Francis Foy, of the Sydney firm of Juavk t-oy, and oi course Mr. ir oy, with his proverbial hospitality, trotted William about and took him to his home near London, it is called the Green Lanes of England. He speaks in glowing terms of Mr. t oys kind ness. Allsopp wi'l be back in rydney in j about five weska, and, as be says, will bs I jolly glad to get back, as England isno place for uim. The motto there is England for ! tie English.' Entries close to-morrow at 5 p,m. with Mr. O'Mara, at the Kensington Bace Club's oince, 20 i-arrack-stre#4. for next Thursday's pony meeting. Mr S« H« Gollau has nominated The Possible. Bessie M'Carthy, Bonnie Scotland, Sternchasor and roonatau tor the £ew Zealand Cap. The crack S-annlicher does net tigure among the nominations. Sydney is his dart. In our advertising columns ' Loyalty ' armoQuces that he is prepared to do business , ou all spotting events, and bpecial attention will be paid to country commissions, and as the genial Tred is always on the spot, clients can depend ou being well attended to. When the lirst three for the Boyal Stakes were Wired through to llaoriland, c.nd Sylvia Park'b name not aruong them, a writer in a New Zealand paper naively said:— i; It is considered doabtial it S/l\Sa Park started yesterday in the iioyal Stakes at Sydney.' Mannllchc-r is being got ready for a descent upon tbia sinful section. The Ma&rilander; ia reported to be above the average, and if onr new handicapper doesn't I keep his eye-glares polished, Mr. Stead will ? make maue.s very warm for us next September. At Canterbury Park on Wednesday the stifi 'cn was said to be going to have a bad time. Aigu-a eyes were 'Vo be on him, and all that sort of thing ; yet, in tbe first event the bulk of the field were doubly dead, and no one spoke. A lew more eyes are still wanted to spot corpses. A paragraph in one of the dailies says that B. Williams was disqualified at the recent Toowoomba meeting. The friends of our own Brick (Bed) Williams will be pleased to hear thai it is sot he that has ' gone out,' be cause he wasn't there, nor has he been away from Sydney for several months. Moss- Hose Davis, who has been looking for it for a long time, got a six months' rest re cently from tbe Mentone (Vic.) stewards. Davis deposited £20, and appealed to the V.B.C against tbe ruling of the seaside stewards, but the V.R.C. told him to do his bit of time, and closed on the depoeit. Certain Stead-inQuenced New Zealand papers persist in saying that Dan O'Brien is tired of Loyalty, and has leased Fair Nell s son for stud purposes. This is not true. If Mr. O'Brien was tired of Loyalty he would have accepted a big offer made him a week or two back for his horse by an English buyer. Internal dissensions, it is rumored, have taken place among tbe Tatt's Club Com mittee, over the Merry Girl-Pearl Powder caEe. Messrs Harris and Hoarigan have signified their intention of resigning. Mr | Daly refrained from voting on the case, which was won by Merry Girl by one vote. Tattersall's committee carpeted a couple of members the other day for ' contempt.' , One of them was fined £100 ; after a while the committee reduced this to £50; but as this item looked big on paper, they at last concluded that the contempt was only worth , a fiver. The other miscreant only brought £2, but for all tbe chance the Tatt's. men , have of collecting these fines, they might have made it a ' monkey ' apiece. Thus ' Bobin Eood,' the English corre spondent of the ' Australasian' ' The i details of the St. AlbanB prize drawing have caused a great demand for tickets on this I side. ^ have been overwhelmed with appli ! cations, and could have eold any amount if there bad besn any on hand. 1 managed to j bny five the other day from a friend, for ! which of course 1 paid my fiver, and 1 could (had I been so minded) have sold the whole live at 100 per cent, premium within an hour, i had, however, promised thiB number, if I cculd secure them, lor membero of my own family. My numbers are 3532, .363a, 3534, 35*35, 3536, so if any one of these should win the estate my readers may expect old ' Robin Hood,1 Mrs. Bobin, and a family of nine to once more pnt in an appearance in dear old Victoria.' 