"The Blind Man Eloquent." London (says the Daily Chronicle of August 30) still teems with our neighbours from across the Atlantic. They began to arrive early in May, desiring, no doubt, to hold high revel with the great Evangelical societies : and they are only now considering an apparently re- luctant departure. One of the most pic- turesque figures among the later arrivals is that of the Rev. Dr. W. H. Milburn— "The Blind Man Eloquent," as he is familiarly called—who has undertaken to supply the historic pulpit of Hareeourt Church, Canonbury. during the month of August. Dr. Milburn, after having served as chaplain in the National House of Representatives at Washington through our Congresses, was, in 1893, elected to the chaplaincy of the Senate, a position. which he now adorns. When one learned yesterday that the staid and critical Atheueuin has described his eloquence, for a blind man, as standing "next to John Milton's" and that so experienced an authority as the Christian World has declared that as orator, preacher, and lecturer he is "superior to any we have ever heard," it was natural to hope for great things from the pulpit of Harecourt Church. The hope was not a vain one. Rarely from an English pulpit do we hear language so burn- ing, yet so tender, so restrained, yet so full of fire, so simple in direction yet so admirable in literary qusdity, so spentaneous yet so full of studied emphasis. The blind man eloquent, indeed! even in a homely, fatherly, address on the origin of the "four-fold gospel." Naturally, a touch of sadness finds expression in the emotions of a congregation listening to the appeals of a blind preacher. For the blind old man—who has been more than 50 years in the ministry—with his luxuriant grey hair enshrining a noble dignified face, yet wears the look of awful gravity only to be seen on the countenances of the blind. His clear, rich, resonant voice, however, speedily removes the evidence of age, and his sharp, clean-cut sentences afford no sign of a sense of deprivation. Prayer has a new meaning in his lips. The coarse suggestion that he was elected chaplain of the United States Senate because he was unable to witness the irrever- ence of its members is reproached at once by the attractive stateliness and humility of his manner as he prayed for all rulers, and especially, "our beloved ruler across the sea." Glib Anglican curates, who rattle through the daily lessons, would have been hushed to shame had they heard him yesterday recite the fifty- fifth chapter of Isaiah and the first fourteen verses of St. John's Gospel. Dr. Milburn's sermon was based on the last of these verses, beginning "And the Word was made flesh." He sup- posed that all of us had discovered in bio- graphy and autobiography the most deeply interesting element of literature. Even in fiction our delight proceeds mainly from the delineation of human character and in the narration of incidents connected with human life. Plutarch for many an age had yielded the most exquisite pleasure; as well as a mighty. inspiration, to all lovers of good books, and would probably do so many an age to come, in story after story of undying interest, relating to the lives of men. And we have in this cherished volume the Bible, which lies on every pulpit, and in every Christian home, a wonderful galaxy of biographical stories, en- shrined within which is one of singular grace and excellence. The story of the life of our Lord Jesus Christ is contained, not in four gospels, but in one four-feld gospel, and its pecu- liarity is this, that it reveals to us the character istic of its narrators, while it declares the work the sufferings, the death, the glory of our Holy Redeemer. Each of the writers has his own distinction, his own claim to our special interest St. Matthew was a farmer of taxes, one of a class which "grind the faces of the poor"— a class which, in the Southern States of America, were usually called "Scallywags." Yet even from this vile class we got one of the biographers of Jesus of Nazareth. The man's self-sur- render is complete. Hardly a book in litera- ture gives such evidence of self-effacement. From high we have the fullest fullest record of the Sermon on the Mount, of the parables—in brief. of the teaching of Christ. It used to be called "the Gospel to the Hebrews," for Matthew was a Hebrew of the Hebrews, whole ruling concept- tion of Jesus was that of the great Teacher. Then we pass to St. Mark's Gospel, which opens out to us a new character, and a new aspect, of the sacred chronicle. As a nephew of St. Peter, St. Mark was always understood in his Gospel to have the authority of that apostle, whose high temper and ready impulses it revealed a character which concerned itself not with words but with deeds. Hence it appears to be addressed to the people of Rome, who like ourselves were a proud, practical, utilitarian, and not an emotional people, de- manding not what He has said; but "What has He done?" And so the Romans, not concerned with the higher realities, but bent on conquering the earth and its riches only are instructed by St. Mark as to the actual deeds of our Lord. While Matthew records the teaching, Mark chronicles the doings of Jesus Christ. St. Luke, again, the "beloved physician," as the confident of the mother of the Lord, has learned incidents in His early life which are recorded nowhere else; and as fellow traveller with St. Paul is en- abled to supplement in a marvellous way the story of the Gospel. Here we have five parables which are not to be found in St. Matthew—the parables of the Unjust Steward, the Rich Man and Lazarus, the Pharisee and the Publican, the Good Samaritan, and the Prodigal Son. These five, as St. Augustine has said, constitute a "gospel in minia- ture, a gospel within a gospel." St. Luke's mission is to show us the Saviour of the atoning sacrifice. These three gospels make up what the critics call the "synoptic" view of our Lord's ministry. Long after these we have that of the "beloved disciple'' John, a passionate man, a "woman-natured" man, a meditative man, not a man of action, whose special task it is to set forth in all its fulness and beauty the divinity of our Lord. The full force- of his woman-like nature comes out in his extreme tenderness, and in that quality of seeing more clearly and more vividly, and feeling more deeply than rough man. His narrative stands without a parallel in human life: it reveals, as with woman's tenderness, the transcendent beauty of Jesus, Son of God and Son of man. "his is the eye that sees into the very divinity of Christ." In all this, Dr. Milburn contended, we have a literature which is something greater than literature. It was curious to hear him say, "The eye sees what it brings the power to see"—although he only indicated that the author of each of the four gospels brought his own luminous character into his power of discernment.This has a meagre parallel in the story of Socrates, wherein we have revealed the marvellous character of Plato. Small critics labour to find differences and contradictions in the accounts of the four Evangelists, but it is a puerile and fantastic business. For whence was the authority, whence the command to set these gospels down in writing for all the world? "The Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you." The task was not to be trusted to their memories. Their understanding was to be enlightened, illumined, and quickened and: brought to a higher and ampler place than the low plane of our humble life. And since then, ever since the Ascension, men's minds have been quickened and their under- standings illuminated by the same most gracious Spirit. Indeed, no man can understand those records without this illuminating power; no man without it can behold even the glory of the only begotten of the Father. "Brethren, this is the treasure of man's life on earth, a treasure which grows more brilliant as the years go by, a treasure the full value of which only its possession enables you to discover. Is it yours? Have you this transcendent power of human life to realise and to know the re- deeming love of God? Seek it! seek it now, seek it always, seek it abundantly, above all that you can ask or think !" 