THE HANDICAPS. The Albany races of this year give promise of surpassing those of all previous years. The programme is a more attractive one and the nominations for the handicaps are more numerous than ever. Last year it was decided to hold only a one day meeting and tho result was by no means encouraging. The fields were small and the attendance of the public not so great as it ought to have been. For this year it was decided to have a two day's meeting and to send the Secretary to Perth at the New ¥ear in order to lay the progromme before owners. In consequence we have a splendid list of nominations—a list that very nearly approaches that for the meetings of the W.A.T.C. For the Cup, two miles, there are twelve nominations and these are all of horses in good racing form. It is true that the all-conquering Mr. Towton has not nominated, but that can be hardly considered a misfortune, for it leaves the prizes at Albany open to the many owners of horses who were unfortunate at the Perth meeting. Mr. Towton won his races by the condition of his horses and by vigorous riding. Atthereceut meeting of the W.A.T.C. the contrast between the riding of Mr. Towton'a horses and the horses of other stables, was very striking. Mr. Towton's jockeys did all that was possible by means of vigorous horsemanship for their mounts, while several of the other riders were no better than so many bags of potatoes would have been. Had all the rideis at the Perth meeting ridden as well as Mr. Tow ton's jockeys, the results of some of the races would certainly have been different. Had Mr. Towton's horses been nominated for the Albany meeting, he could not have failed to win some of the races by condition and riding. Having the form shown at the annual meeting of the W.A.T.C. as a basis, the handicapper, Mr. J. H. Smith, was given an opportunity of constructing really good handicaps for Albany. Whether he has done this remains to be Been, but on paper the handicaps look very well. Of the twelve horses entered for the Albany Cup, several have an excellent show to win provided that Mr. Smith has done wisely in giving Searpia 9st 131bs. In the Perth Cup, Searpia carried 10st lib and should have won. He was almost left at the post and Cleverly rushed him in the first two or three furlongs to catch up with the field. We think he was in too great a hurry to close up. Then when half the distance had been traversed he, riding a horse with lOst lib up, began to make a finish of it. He went clear away from the field and when the pinch came, when nearing home, Searpia had not a spurt in him. But for the errors on the part of the rider, Searpia would have won the Cup and had he done so his weight for the Albany Cup would not have been less than lOst 5lb or lOst tilb. It may be, however, that Mr. Smith has given Searpia 21 bs Jess to -carry because of the going being heavier at Albany than at Perth. With the exception of Happy Jack the horses that ran in the Perth Cup have lighter imposts for the Albany Cup. Jla^py Jack with 7st 41b up ran a good third in the Perth Cup and is penalised 81bs., while Searpia, who ran second, and with good riding should have won, carries 21 bs. less, so that the former meets the crack on 101 bs worse terms. How Mr. Smith arrives at these figures we cannot pretend to say, but on paper Happy Jack has not the ghost of a show to win the Albany Cup if Searpia runs. It may be that Searpia is not good on heavy going, but the character of the going iB against fast time, and a slow race is usually favorable to top weight. If at the weights the race had to be run on the the Perth course, it is quite certain that Searpia would win easily, and that, too, if he had on him 41bs. or 51bs. more than he has to carry. Though on paper he has no chance whatever to win, Happy Jack must not be considered as quite out of it. When he ran at Perth be had been up for training only about six weeks, and it is probable that with the training he will have undergone up to the Albany meeting, he will have improved several pounds. His owner nevtr expected him to run into a pla'ce in the Perth Cup owing to his being in big condition. He is a game horse—has good pace and can travel the distance, and it is quite possible that he will run very prominently. Torpedo an imported horse is well treated with 8st 4lb8 up. Lord Byron is set to carry 8st 4lbs and if in anything like his old form, should have a very good chance of winning at the weights. The same remark applies to Wandering Willie who carries only 9st 4lbs, Uteara ran four times at Perth and only once was placed. He was set to carry 8st 91 bs in the Perth Cup and did not start, but if he was worth bringing over to this colony to race, he should have a show for the Albany Cup with only 7st 121bs up. Glenmore showed splendid form iat the Perth meeting and is favorably treated at 7st 91bs. Skylight has two years in succession run fourth in the Perth Cup, This time she carries 7st. 51bs., and for the Albany Cup she carries 21bs. less. At the Katanning meeting last year she carried 7st. 41bs., beating Searpia, 9st. 91 bs. She also won the Albany Cup with7st. 71bs up, 41 bs. more than he has to carry this year, beating Lord yron. 8st 71bs, Gladness, 7st. lOlbs., emesis, 7st. 31bs. She is, therefore, favorbly placed for this year's cup. Of Dardis e know nothing. Prince Charlie has the eputation of being smart, and for a 4-year ld has a light impost in 7st. 21 bs. Gold and Black, though carrying only 7st., will probably be out-paced, and the same remark will apply to Lochinvar, unless he has improved greatly since the Perth meeting. Below we give the weights carried in the Perth Cup, and those for the Albany Cup : Perth Cup Albany Cap st. lbs. st. lbs. Searpia • ... 10 1 9 13 Wandering Willie ... 9 12 9 4 Torpedo 8 4 Lord Byron ... 8 4 Dteara ... 8 9 7 12 Happy Jack... ... 7 4 7 12 Glenmore 7 9 Skylight ... ... 7 B 7 3 Dardis 7 3 Prince Charlie ... 7 5 7 2 Gold and Black 7 0 Lochinvar ... ... 7 0 6 7 It is of course too early to come to a defi nite opinion as to the winner, but we fancy that Searpia, Skylight, Glenmore and Happy m b iSinp ack will provide the placed horses. For T he other events the distances are shorter gs nd we shall defer commenting upon them ntil after the Perth races on January 26, he form shown at that meeting will throw ome light on the weights for the shorter races t the Albany meeting. 