5^ oca/ 9leid4 7Bfeek. Mk. James H. Drunker.— The many friends of the above gentleman will regret to hear that his condition on Wednesday was of such a serious natlire as to cause the utmost anxiety to his wife, family, and relatives. That morning at four o'clock he had an attack of windy spasms about the heart, and Dr. Russell was sent for and attendsd at once. During the day, however, Mr. Brunker was some what easier. Ever since his illness he has been visited by large numbers of friends, who feel the greatest sympathy with him in his unfortunate acciaent. rne doctor, nowever, would not allow any cullers to visit him, and has enjoined the utmost quiet for the present. Mr. Brunker, we are glad to learn, has been slightly better since. Eno's 'Fruit Salt.' — 'Bosinu Cottnge, Vent nor, Isle of Wight. — Mr. Eno, — Dear Sir, — Tbe effects in my case are astonishing, as I am constitu tionally bilious, and am now 52 years of age. My mother and youngest sister were never cured of sickness (biliousness seems hereditary), and I quito expected to suffer like them for the rest of my life, I am now taking my fourth bottle, and was joined in the others by some of my family, so that I ha7& ? taken scarcely three bottles. I feel I ought to make some acknowledgement, so trust you will ex cuse this —Eliza Pellino.' Sold by all Chemists and Stores. 05 A Singleton Ghost Story. — For some days nnch rnmnnra liVuro'lumn nnrrnrit: in CtnrrlnfAn JUnt a gh03t had shown itself in tho vicinity of Fawcott's paddock, at a spot where some years ago was last seen on his way to his home at the Bulga, a man named Vickery. This person had, it is alleged, a large sum of money upon him when he disappeared. And, from time to time, ever since he has been missing, rumours hare arisen of strange lights and other appearances at the place where he is supposed to have vanished. One of the recent rumours is to the effect that, walking in the gloaming, a resident of South Singleton overtook (as he thought) a friend, only to find empty air when an attempt was made to inflict a gentle tap on tbe shoulder of the form. More recently still, lights are said to have become visible in the paddock shortly before nine o'clock at night. Last Friday night, in fact, a party of watchers did see a mysterious light, which lured them into a fruitless chase and finally died out and wag seen no more. Subsequent parties were, however, not favoured by the manifestation ui puj iiguu. ite iippreut'uu wuoie uuieuuss may be put down as a piece of practical joking. Miss Ida Hynijes. — We are pleased to hear that this young lady had eo far recovered from her recent severe illness as to be enabled on Monday last to take a trip tj Sydney -for a chango of air. During her stay in the metropolis Miss Hyndes will remain with the nuns at tne Lewisham Convent. Y.M.C.A. — The debating club in^connection with tho above institution is becoming more and more popular, and drawing a large attendance of mem bers each week. The regular weekly meeting was held onTuesdny night. Thosubjectfor debate was — 'That tho pulpit is tho greatest educational power.' The Premier (Mr. B. Proctor) opened the debate with a forcible speech, and showing that in all times the pulpit and preaching were the highest educational powerB. Much interest was manifested ^ in the debate, and members expressed their views for or agaiuBt the motion with more or less freedom ? and force;— those who argued in the opposition taking the Piessas the greatest educational power. It was announced that shortly a mock election would be held in connection with the society. The School of Arts Billiard Table. — The table secured at the WeBt Maitland School of Arts is still maintaining its popularity, notwith standing that a sufficient time has now elapsed for tbe feelings of the members to cool. Each evening a largo Dumber of gameB are played ; in fact, the list of engagements very often is not gone through ,at closing time. Up to the present the table has averaged about £2 per week, at which rate it must soon pay for itself. Bifles — Martini action, to take 320 and 380 Eley's cartridges, 30s ; pistol grip, 35s ; Winchester Bepeating RifieB ; Ee-ioading Tools ; Club Cart ridges, 8b Gd per 100 ; Eley's Rabbit Cartridges, 9s tid per 100 ; Schultz, Curtis and Haivey's, Hall's, E:C., and Chiilworth Powders. Capper & Sons, Maitland. East Maitland Borough Council. — Some con siderable feeling has been occasioned among the al dermen of the East Maitland Council, owing to the legal decision given in Sydney last week. The alder men are directly concerned, owing to the municipality being in possession of a gasworks. No meeting was held on Wednesday evening, as a number , of the aldermen have expressed their intention not to sit till the bill introduced in the House by the Hon. J. N. Brunker becomes law. ?The Steamers' Whaiik at Morpeth. — Some very extenBive alterations at the Newcastle and Hunter Biver Steamship Company's Wharf at Mor peth are just now in progress under the direction of the company's head carpenter, Mr. B. Webster. Afc one time the premises were a mass of different sheds and floors, which gave a great deal of trouble when the cargo, a larg-; quantity of which is stored for consignees, had to be removed from place to place, as in times of flood. About two years ago the idea of placing the sheds under the one roof was con ceived, and as time and opportunity allowed, this was done, while both ground floor and the top storey are now almost in one piece. The shed which is ot enormous size, is now being carried out over the wharf, with the idea of landing the cargo directly from the steamer's hold to tho floor above, thus saving one handling and necessarily a corresponding amount of labour. The work is being pushed ahead, and already tho roof and floor are almost finished. The result will be to give one of the largest sheds in tho whole Northern district, and enable the cargo to be shipped or unshipped with the greatest ease and rapidity. New Bridges. — The contractor for tho new bridge over the Williams (Mr. S, McGill) was in town during the week with tho intention of proceeding to Inverell, where he has in hand a contract for tho erection of a bridge over the Mclntyre Biver to cost .£10,000. This bridge will be a composite structure with a new kind of trusses reHuug ou uyunuricai piers, rne preliminary work was begun about two months ago, and Mr. McGill has now gone up to superintend tho work himself. He has a lot of tlie timber on tho ground, and expects to got fairly to work in about three or four weeks. The new bridge at Glen William has just been finished by Mr. McGill, who has been at the work something like five months. What with floods and freshes he had great difficulties to contend with, and an alteration was found to be necessary in the design of the structure owing to the river changing its course somewhat after the big flood in January. Besides this he had to put down con crete for the piers with a diver, whose work had to be carried on in 2 feet G inches more water than was shown on the plan, and in one hole several tons of snags brought down by the flood had to be removed. However, the work has at length been finished, and if it is not quite so satisfactory as it might be to Mr. McGill from a pecuniary noint of view, it is a good thing to learn that the officers of the department are fully satisfied with the manner in which it has been performed. Tho bridge is a wooden structure, 1G0 feet long, with a carriage way of 1G feet G inches. It has been built ou con-- Crete piers, and is what is known as a low-level bridge. Tho cost was about .£800. The most wonderful medicine ever sold in tho Now World is Canadian Healing Oil. It has done more to alleviate suffering than any othor preparation, and never was there a remedy which received ampler or more satisfactory endorsements. Testi monials constantly pour in demonstrating its super lative efficacy and placing beyond doubt the fact that it fully deserves the confidence that the people place in it. 015GG- Daibt Inspector's Report. — Mr. Melhuish, the officer o£ tlie Board o£ Health, who has juot bean on a visit to this district, in hie report on the dairies in tho East Maitland Municipality, stated that in t}; . company with the local inspector he visited 20 1 dairies in the municipality. The register is correct y kept. At several places he had occasion to suggest improvements, and to request that more s 'o at tention be paid to the requirements of the Act. 1 e premises o£ two persona whom he named should be supervised in a more stringent manner and any p - son failing to comply with the provisions of the Act ought to be prohibited from carrying on the busi ness of milk selling. Cesspits were in us at 19 places, and with two exceptions are situated away in isolated j provements were recommended on , J' men's premises. There are 118 cows ^ ei g ml - and he met with only one suspicious case. This animal should not be milked, and if showing the same symptoms when next seen by the Inspector the owner Bhould be requested to destroy her. The water supply at all places appears to be free from pollution, and where underground tanks are used they are properly covered. The Quirindi Burning Accident.— At the latter end of February last it will be remembered that Mr. James Beatty, of Gresford, who- was on a ' visit to his brother-in-law, Mr. Michael Barry, ! of the Eoyal Hotel, Quirindi, was very 1 extensively bnrned about the back and legs | through a lighted kerosene lamp having been I thrown at him by a man named Charley Dunn. A J fortni'htafterwards Mr. Beatty was brought to West { Maitland, where it was considered he would have f better medical treatment;. Well, the extent of poor 1 Beatty's burns may be imagined when we state for ; the past fifteen or sixteen weeks he has been on the broad of his back at the Commercial Hotel (also kept by a brother-in-law, Mr. John Barry), and though the burnt flesh is gradually becoming healed, it will yet be some considerable time before I Mr. Beatty will be strong enough or well enough i to get about. [ Tha success that Amykos has met with, and the | universal favour it en-joys, both in the Old and New I worlds, is a sufficient guarantee of the advantages S resulting from its use a3 a mouth wash, gargle, cosmetic, etc. It is unanimously acknowledged to possess a mild, and at the same time, energetic efficacy as an antiseptic water, and is superior to all 1 antiseptics at present known to Ecienee, as expressed | by Professor Sir Joseph Lister, of Edinburgh, in the Lancet, which alone ought to make the Amykos a household word for the Australian, who esteems Cleanliness. Price, Is Gd per bottle, at all chemists, perfumers, etc. 02122 Improvements at Commerce House.— Com- merce House is one of the oldest, as it is one of t most extensive, drapery warehouses in West Mait land. In its early days the architecture of Mait land was of a very ancient character, and Com merce House was in keeping with the general order of things which then prevailed. But it has long since been recognised by the proprietor, Mr. James Kerr, that the time had arrived for something to be done to the building which would give it a more modern appearance, and one more in touch with the solidity and importance of the large business 1 which Mr. Kerr has succeeded in building up. Plans for alterations were entrusted to Messrs. Pender and Silk, architects, and the work being now completed the building presents a more modern front, giving the place a conspicuously neat and handsome appearance. The old dwarf brick parapet haB been removed and replaced by one four feet higher, with cemented cornice terminals and pediments, the whole being coloured white, which gives a nice set off to the cold brown colour of the Ravensfield stone which encases the windows of the second storey. The roof has been newly covered with iron, and the dormerwindowsand Bashes renewed. A new colonnade with orramented fascia board of attractive design has also been erected, and the whole nicely painted in harmonious but quiet colours. The aspect of the front part of j the building viewed from High-street is very pleas ? ing, and gives the appearance of being quite new. The work has been very faithfully performed by Mesiii-s. Waller Brothers, who have given every i. satiatoo.tion in the carrying out of their contract. iWffirebitecta (MeBBrs. Ponder and Silk) deserve \- grej^credit for the handsomeness of their design, ?; wbi/h is up to their usual standard of excellence, i i'itiatE Beef. — Last week we recorded the sale by Mr. J. N. Brunker, at tlie Campbell's Hill yards of some very prime fat cattle, bred and fattened by Mr. John Arndell, of Rocky Creek, and sold on ac count of Mr. E. H. Wall, J P., of Narwibri. Some of these splendid beasts were purchased by Mr. John Walsh, butcher of West Maitland. One, a heifer, killed last . week, when dressed weighed 1000lb3. This week, a bullock of the same lot has been killed, and when dresaed it turned tbe scale at 12901bs. Tho beef is now on view at Mr. Walsh's shop, Hunter-street, where it can be seen till to night. The fat is laid on thickly all over the back, and a joint from such prime beef must be most juicy and good, and will no doubt be much appre ciated by Mr. Walsh's customers. WATcn Repairs. — It is of the utmost importance to owners of good watches to know that irreparable in jury is often done by repairers not having a complete stock of materials, as they have to substitute unsuit able parts never intended for the watch. This may be avoided by sending direct to the old established House of J. Hart, West Maitland. Watches thoroughly cleaned and examined ,5s, Clocks and Lamp-Clocks 2s Gd, and guaranteed twelve months without extra charge. Bepairs are kept in fire proof strong room for safety ; all work is done by the proprietors and skilled workmen, no apprentices kept. Old jewellery remade into modern styles at lowest prices. 7401 The Pitnacree Road. — An agitation has been commenced by a number of residents of Raworth, Narrowgut, and Pitnacree, with regard to having the Pitnacree Road raised from Pitnacree Bridge to Mr. Porter's shed. A meeting was held on Satur day last, and a deputation consisting of Messrs. Standen, Towns, White, Harden, Stevens, and Dixon, was appointed to wait upon the East Mait land Municipal Council on Wednesday. A letter was Bent to the Council Clerk, asking him if the depu tation would be received, but in view of recent developments with regard to the liability of alder men, that gentleman replied in terms advising that the deputation should postpone their visit, as there was not likely to be a quorum present. They could rest assured, however, that the works now in pro gress on the Pitnacree Boad would iD no wise interfere with the improvements suggested by them. Dinner Sets, comprising 50 pieces, 25s per set. Tea Sets, 40 pieces, from 14s set. White and Gold Cups and Saucers, 4s Gd dozen. Toilet Sets, i granite, 93 Gd. Cut Tumblers, 43 Gd j Engraved . | Pern, .5s. Cappec & Sons, Maitland. | Bitcten by a Horse. — The racehorse Magnus, ; usually a very docile and even-tempered animal, I while being physicked on Tuesday afternoon, } savagely bit his owner (Mr. Joseph B'-own), who ;i has been suffering severe pain from the mishap ever since. Mr. Brown was giving the horse a ball, and j to make the animal swallow it gave him a clout on | the side of tho head. Directly afterwards Mr. | Brown picked up some lucerne which he offered the | horse in -his left hand. The animal made a vioious 'j snap ot .the lucerne, and caught the top of Mr. ; Brown's thumb between his teeth and nearly bit f the top off before the member could be dragged away, when the horse's teeth closed with a loud i ,3nap. Mr. Brown's thumb nail soon turned black J and blue, and with the bruised flesh has been very ? painful ever since— so painful that Dr. Alcorn had ? to be consulted. Mr. Brown was lucky that he ? escaped without tho loss of portion cf his thumb. i 'The East Majtlamd Fire Brigade. — A little r while ago the East Maitland Borough Council applied to the -Government for a grant of £150 for j the. 'fire brigade just established at East Maitland, \- A reply has been received from the Chief Secre j tary'a office stating that nothing further can be j . -done in the matter until the amount placed on the S .proposed estimates, 1895-90, for special grants in f .-aid of. suburban and country fire brigades, has been j sanctioned by Parliament. An application was also | made to the Water Board for permission to U6e ? -^he water from the mains for wet practice., f nn-3 a reply has been received acceding to the re | quest, though the practices are limited to once a ! month and of half-an- hour's duration only. Tlie brigade intend to practice once a week, and on the I w lhree other evenings in the month on which wet practice will not be indulged in, they will practice on the Banks-etreet reserve, where a ' dummy ' hydrant has been fixed for the purpose. Slaughtering Licenses.. — Butchers would do woll to take notice that the/r applications for re newals, together with fees, should be made to the local authority, Superintendent Meares, before the 4afc July, ? A New BooK.snr,r.iNa Firm. — In our business columns will bu found an announcement of the partnership arranged between Mr. C. vV. Compton and Mr. H. Pankhurst, two young gentlemen well known in business circles not nnly in Maitland but throughout the Northern diBtrict, both having for some years been in the employ of the firm of B. Blair & Sons. Mr. Compton has been in business on his own account for some little time. With the advent of the now partnership, which will date from Saturday next, will come the removal to now premises — that sp'endid new shop in Bourke's Arcade having been selected for the conduct of the business. We wish the new firm every success. A Comfort able Siiave is assured by using only Joseph Bodgers and Sons Razors. Write to J. Hart, of West Maitland, -the direct importer, who will send one, post free, 5s, large 7a Gd, Ivory Handle 10s. This make has been top of tho treo since 17G4; the brand is an absolute guarantee ; every one is tested for temper and set ready for uso and only require stropping to keep them so for years. Rodgers strop- 4s Gd to 8s Gd, insure keen edge; Scissors 2s to 4s, Pocket Knives Is 93 to 8s Gd. 7401 Death of Mrs. T. G. Ledsam.— We regret to announce the doath of Mrs. Thomas G. Ledsam, wife of the respected pound-keeper of West Mait- land, which sad event occurred at the deceased lady's residence, Sempill-street, on Friday. Some few months ago Mrs. Ledsam had one of her legs amputated at the Maitland Hospital, but left the institution some few weeks since, when she con- tracted influenza and pneumonia, from which she died. The late Mrs. Ledsam was 41 years of age, and leaves a family of young children. A. Handbook op Information. — We have received from Messrs. Dalgety and Company (Ltd.), at Newcastle, who are agents there for the British India and Queensland Agency Company, Ltd , Brisban-*, a copy of the eighth edition of the Handbook of Information issued by the Agency Company. The information comprises particulars of all the parts of Australasia touched by the Australasian United Steain Navigation Company's and tbe British India etram lines aDd their connections. It constitutes a tolerably extensive statement of the development of Australasia on its coasts at any rate, for the plan pursued by the writer is to describe the various ports at which the steamers touch, with their pleasure resorts, accommodation for travellers and so on, besides which are supplied maps of steamers' routes, tables of distances, details of steamer services between each place, particulars of length of average passages, tables of Australasian tariffs, postal and other like information. In fact, the Handbook is an invaluable guide to tho traveller by the companies' steamers. It is embellished by fine photogravures of tlie various Australian capitals, and of island and plantation scenery. The Ball in Aid of tiie Hospital. — A meet ing of the ladies who are interesting themselves in the ball to be held on July 3, in aid of the Maitland Hospital, was held on Monday in the Council Chamber, Town Hall, for the purpose of talking over and arranging several of the minor details. Mrs. R. G. Alcorn presided. Ic was announced that tho people of the town and district were coming forward very readily with help, and the ladies are exceedingly well pleased with the interest that is being evinced . in the ball, which therefore promises to be a most pronounced success. Indeed the ladies are leaving no stone unturned to make it so, and as the tickets, which are very low, are going off splendidly, tho ladies' efforts are likely to bear good fruit. After a general discussion, the meeting was adjourned till next Tuesday week. The Bishop of Maitland. — The Rev. Father Corcoran, who left Maitland on Sunday with his Lordship Dr. Murray, who is visiting Brisbane in the hope of full restoration to health, telegraphed next day from Tent -rfield to the Vicar-General (the Very Rev. Father Hand) : — ' Bishop in splendid health and spirits after a fine night's rest.' Before leaving on his tour the Bishop issued a circular letter to the clergy of his diocese, in which, after giving certain directions about the services of the church, he adds : — 'I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without expressing my deep gratitude to the Clergy, Nuns, and people for their fervent prayers during my illness, and assuring those of other denominations who have taken such an inter est in my welfare, that I shall never forget their i sympathy and kindneFS towards me. It will be my duty always to pray that peace, concord, and good will may prevail among all classes and denomina tions, not only in Maitland and surrounding district, but throughout the length and breadth of this extensive diocese.' Failing Sight. — Our long experience enables us to assist sufferers by accurately testing the sight, which is the true secret of success. Our new frames take in a much larger field, are made of malleable steel, an t they retain their shape for years ; they are well fitted with genuine Brazilian Pebbles, which all oculists agree are the only preservers of the sight. All lenses are made to gauge so that breakages can be replaced without trouble of fitting. Write to J. Hart, of West^Maitland, stating sight number, or age, and enclose'stamps for Pebbles iOs, Crystals 5s per pair in case post free. 1740 Sudden Death. — A very sudden death occurred on Saturday to an old, well-known, and respected resident of West Maitland. It seems that Mr. Jere miah Leo, who has been in very precarious health for a long time past had, after partaking of his breakfast, gone out to the farm at tho rear of his residence in Regent-street for the purpose of digging potatoes. He was engaged in this work for some time, but suddenly went off in a faint, and before medical assistance could be summoned he expired. An inquest was not deemed necessary, as Leo had been under treatment by the doctors for some time. Deceased was G5 years of age, a native of the County Tipperary, Ireland, and had been a resident of the district for over thirty years, most of -vhich time he followed the pursuit of farming, although for a short term he became landlord of the old Racehorse Inn, opposite the new court-house site. He leaves a widow, without family. The funeral took place on Sunday at Campbell's Hill, the Rev. Father Roche officiating at the grave. Visit of Michael Davitt. — Mr. W. H. Mullen, the Chairman of the late meeting held in West Maitland for the purpose of inviting Mr. Davitt to visit the town aud lecture, has received- a letter from the Secretary of the Central Committee in Sydney, Mr. J. Sheehy. That gentleman, after Btating that he received with pleasure the Maitland Mercury, which was sent him containing the report of tho meeting, says they will leave all arrangements in the hands of the local committee, who shall engage suitable hall and be responsible therefor. Some of the local committees have signified their willingness to bear the expenses in connection with the lecture, and thereby allow the grOFS proceeds to go to Mr. Davitt, but that he did not know whether such a course would meet their approval. However, there was plenty of time, as Mr. Davitt would not be in Maitland till about 8th July. Changes . in the East Maitland Post Office — wover»l changes in the staff at the East Maitland Post Office have just been made. Mr Collins, of Annnndale, Sydney, changes places with Mr. P. Bourke, who has therefore gone to Annnn dale. Mr. Andrew Manns, of Greta, has taken the place of Mr. T.. Bourke, who will henceforth occupy Mr. Means' place at Greta. Messrs. P. and J. Bourke are sons of Alderman Bourke, and during their service of some years in tho post office at East Maitland have been found most obliging and cour teous officials. Novelty Fair at East Maitland. — On Thurs day night a very successful novelty and fancy fair, in aid of the Wesleyan Church, East Maitland, was opened in the Good Templar's Hall Jay tho Bev. B. Lane. There was a very large number of stalls, and these all did a thriving business with the large number of visitors who attended. There were a large numer of novelties, which attracted a good deal of attention. A very nice musical programme was rendered, whilst the Town Band played selections oatsido tho hall. The building had been attractively decorated, and presented a very neat appearance. The fair was open the following evening and night Lecture on Gas Lighting, — Last evening Mr. J. L. Boss, of the Technical Education Depart ment, gave an interesting lectureon gas lighting at the Technical School, West Maitland. He ex plained the principles of combusion both in lighting and in breathing, with its effects of contamination upon the atmosphere, and the necessity for ventilation. He also explained the constitution of gas, and performed a large number of interesting experiments with reference co test ing, burning, and economy in its use. On the motion of Mr. E. Nash, the thanks iif those present were accorded to Mr. Ross, and briefly acknowledged. The lecture was given principally to .the plumbing class at the Technical School, but a number of other gentleman was also present;. Australian Meat in London. — Messrs. Nelson Brothers, in their weekly report dated April 2G, say:— Australian Mutton: The Nairnshire brought 4,097 carcases, the Celtic King, Port Chalmers, and Thermopyhc, are progressing very slowly in their discharge, consignees generally being unable to find storage room. Prices have not been maintained, 2J per lb. is now generally quoted and id less is reported to havo been accepted. Three vessels arriving together have made stocks temporarily heavy, but not un duly so, or more than can bo disposed of before further shipments arrive, but they are in so many hands the tendency to decline can hardly be arrested. Australian lambs are marketed freely, with no improvement in price which ranges from 3d per lb. downwards. Australian beef : The ' Nairiishire' brought from Townsville 8G52 quar ters and from Rockhampton 5343 quarters. Demand for hard beef has not been active, and lowering prices has not much stimulated sales. The fall has been rapid, and hind quarters are now being offered in the country at3$d per lb. and fore quarters ht 3d, at Smithfield prices have been firmer and sales made at 3Jd to 4d per lb. for hinds, and 3Jd to 3;}d per lb. for fores, but business has been restricted, though American chilled beef continues dear. Raymond Terrace Regatta. — The full pro gramme of the regatta to tako place on the Hunter River ot Raymond Terrace on Saturday, the 29th instant, will be found in this issue, and will repay perusal by district oarsmen, who are asked for very small entrances for the various events. Entries will remain open until the 24th instant. A Horse, a Doa, and a Watch.— The horse and dog have no doubt justly earned the title of the ' true friends of man,' and we think by tho numerous letters we havo received of tho faithful service rendered by our Reliance Keyless Lever Watches that we might fairly claim for them the same distinction. They are seldom out of order, and never coRtly to repair if sent direct to J. Hart, West Maitland, ' who has the Bole right for Aus tralia (patented). You should send 33s to him, ana you will receive one by return, post free, and safe delivery guaranteed. 7401 Australian Mutual Provident Society. — Messrs. Gordon and Gotch have sent us a copy of the Mutual Provident Messenger for June, from which we print an extract elsewhere, and from the head office of the Society' we have a pamphlet containing au explanation of the new tables designed to effect assurance from the cradle to the grave, together with the rates of premiums. The working of the new table.-* is this— they provide for the assurance of a child's life (without medical examination) from 1 to 14 years, and place at the disposal of the child, when he attains his majority, a policy which entitles him to all the benefits of the society. If he should die before attaining that age, all the premiums paid are returned; should he he die at that age, the value of the policy with the accrued bonuses will be paid to his representa tives ; and, living, should he desire to remain assured he will be able to secure a whole life policy by a payment much smaller thau would be de manded of him should he at the age of 21, not being previously assured, apply for a policy under Table A. It is to be noted that such a continued policy will enjoy all the privileges attached to the older tables issued by the Society— such as acquir ing a surrender value out of which the policy will be sustained should payment of premiums be sus pended, and ability to borrow on the surrender value. Use the safe, pleasaHt, and effectual worm killer, Mother Grave's Worm Exterminator; nothing equals it. Procure a bottle and take it home. 01566 Maitland United Football Club. — A general meeting of members of the above club was held at Mr. G. Buxton's rooms, on the 30th ultimo. Mr. C. Cummins, one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. It was decided to meet the Tamworth Club at Maitland on June 28\. In reply to a request from the Secretary of the United the union agreed to pay the expenses of the team for two trip to Newcastle, in conside ration of the fact that the clubs has to visit New castle five times, while the Newcastle teams only come to Maitland once. The Albion Cricket Club asked a fee of 2s Gd each to allow the members to train on the Albion Ground. It was de cided to train on the Park on Monday and Wednesday evenings. The Union com plained of the untidy appearance of playerB, and intimated that the prescribed fine would be imposed in future. The matter was left to the individual members. The question of renting a room for a gymnasium and training room and asking the Half-Holiday Football Club to join in the movement, was left to the Secretary to make enquiries. The disposal of the caps of honour donated last year was decided by ballot among the members of the old team present. Mr. A. A. Wall's cap from the best player in the team wai conferred upon Mr. Sep. Cummins. Mr. A. A. Audet's cap, which had been left t- the members, was given to the best forward player, and Mr. C. Birkmyre was the one selected. It was decided to Bupply the inemhers with a blue ribbon bearing the letters ' M.U.'as a badge of membership. It was decided to hold a concert shortly, and a committee was appointed to carry out the necessary peliminaries. The matter of having a fancy-dress football match was also introduced, bat was leftover. Dry Seasons. — A chaff-cutter at G03 enables you to make hay go as far again, and sprinkled with water slightly salted, prevents the dust from the chaff gett'ng on to the horses,' lungs and making them short-winded. All kinds for hand and horse power. Capper & Sons, Maitland. The Distillery Company. — It will be observed in our columns that a meeting of farmers and vignerons and others interested in the establish ment of the New South Wales Distillery Company in the Hunter Biver district will be held at Percy's Hotel, Singleton, on Tuesday afternoon next, at three o'clock. Dr. Bead is to preside, and the meeting will be addressed by Messrs. J. Gillies, M.P., C. E. Nicholson, and other gentlemen. 