Local aid General News. Is an advertlsemen in last lhursday's issue, it was inadvertently stated that the annual military ball in oopnectios with the Gatton Mounted Infateity would be held last night. The ball ywill, as originally advertised, take place on Friday, the 26th instant. This will be the fourth annual ball held under the same auspices, and it ahopd be a great success. Fen GCenuint Bargains in Draperygo to DE Coseata Sale To-day.---(A av.) T27 B aermo of the butchers' employees sports committee was held at Ireland's rooms on Thursday night last. The vise-president (Mr. Harry Meteyard) ocupied the chair. It was resolved that the seretary apply to Mr. 1. C. Ashburn for the use of the grounds. A lengthy discussion ensued as to the mode of conveyance to Riverview, %t being proposed that 'buses should be engaged. This, ihowever, f?ailed to meet with genoeralapproval, and It was eventu ally decided that all should go by train, leaving the Ipswish station at 9-40 a.m. and returning by the train reaching here at .610 p.m. The secretary waer nstructed to communicate with the master butochers'of G oodna, inviting their e-operation, and with Messrs. P. Egan and E. O'Sullivan. Mr. George Allen was ehpowered to call on, or:invite a man to canvass, the various business houses for trophies, io. It was resolved that pries should be allotted td the delivery lads for collecting money or trophtes towards the sporta; 15s. to be offered for the highest contribution, 0s. second, and 6s. third. The seretary, was authorised to obtain 200 tickets, to. be sold to the employees at 2s. 6d. I and As. respectively in ~roportion to the wages they areat present reseiving. 5The next com mIttee etigis to be held at lrelsnd's rooms on Wednesday next. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. ea the Bev. T. Jones, next Sunday night, at North Igiswih, on "The Kingdom." Pre lude-- Eternal Infancy ?" Morning Service. -(Anwr.) 118 Br an advertisement in another column, it will be seen that a "James" Safety Bicntle is ty be raffled at Mr. ?. Wilso' .hairdrsessing aaluond on Wednday, flgsst 7. The machine is owned sy lr. E. Bool, a well-Imowe cyclist, and is now on view atthe above-named saloon. It ·tb made by one pf the very best mnoere; Hgtey Partas, of Birninghss, Englnd,"andis fitted with blnhesrpneuds.ti tires, mud guard, brake, pump, .de. The ori?nal cost alad £26, and the "bike" is in frst-slags goinjbrdpr. "WOLFE'8,SCHNAPPS. Insures complete and easy digestion of the food and the assimilation of its nutritious prinodiges bythesystes. ' Os Wednesday last' an asstmiation polo match waslyed at Toowoomba between teams from the ~to and HiddshoIdy Clubs, and resulted in wizfor the Gatton players by six goals to two. The Half-holiday Club we represented by Mecsrs, . White (captain), W. Pealk,'B. White, and W. Trevethun,while the Catton four were Messrs. W; Philp (captain), C. E. W. Hyde, E. Philp, and A. Phip. The game all throughwas good, the visitors playing in a flst-ollss isaner. Mr. A. Feesz, of Brisbane, atedas umpire.e Art the Petty pebtai Court, on Thursday morning last, before the Police Ifagisi?ate, P. P. Bottomley and Co. sued Lewis Orsnner fop d£6fs. qd., fr goad sold. A verdict was give for the plntif, with fs. aoste. A garnishee order was-rited to Charles Arndt for thesp of £4 so. .Id., the judgment debtor being James Orsham and the *sriishee Samuel Watson.. Ar the l?ast General P Eletions in New South Wales, the.opntj decid6d on having.achange from Protection to, Free-t?de. During the time the Bills ftor the change were before Par liament a Pani wRas Oreated among. the retail storekeepers., Consequently, the wholesale traders.were doing little or no business. A drawback for duty paid on, the goods out of bond was allowed for genuine purchases for export.. Mr. DE CONWY was represented at. these Panic Sales. Already8 oases of. Season able Goods have arrived, and will be offered to the Ipswich Publio to-day. For further par ticulare, see the ppeeial advertisement on the first page of this lay's issue:--(Asvr.) 272 Oue Laidley correspondent writes on July 10:-The weather appears to have broken, and it is raining slowly, with an appearance of con tinuing. Itwillbeaboon tothe town folk if our tanks are filled, though it will do but little good to the farmers. We are never costent, and now we are anticipating a wet show time, but " that road" is at last about finished, and, peradventsyp, that "sea of mud," which, last show time, appalled the visitors, will not be so deep. Make no mistake, but gather round The plasce where bargains will be fond 3\. DE Coss a'B ilo of sles.--A?ovT .) A aerrlso of the committee of the Ipswich Polo Club was held, in Mr.. E. Hardings office, yesterday lfternoon, when there were present: Messrs. H. T. Mstarlaane (President), in the chair, P. W. Cameron, E. Harding, J. Nieholls, H.-S. Cribb, P.L. Cardew, and W. T. Deacon (secretary). Some correspondence having been read, a ballotsas taken for the teams to repre sent the club, at Toowoomba, on the 19th and 20th instant, with the following result:--First team, Elias Harding, Silas Harding, P. L. Cardew, hd H. B. Cribbh, w.ith T: . Watson as emergency.man; secend team, Charles Harding, T. G. Watson, W. Watson, and W. T. Deacon, the emergency-mean beingGodfrey Lloyd-Owen. THE Photos, that theII XL Photo. Coepanys are at present turning out are remarkably good, owing to improvements in lighting and finish, and, as they enamel all their Photos. without extra charge, the number of sitters have in ereased to a large extent, which is a good criterion that the workls satisfactory.-(Anvx.) ON Thusday evening Jast Alfred, an abori ginal, was admitted into the Ipawich Hespital, suffering from injuries to-his left foot. On the One-mile Bridge he attempted to get into a dry while it was in motion, and in doing sohe slipp?d, and one of the wheels passed over his left foot, severely ,crnshing it and breaking a small 'bone. Dr. Thornton attended to the injury, and the patient was detained in the institution. - A cnolce, selection of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, tocluding newest. varieties specially selected for Queensland, just received from Andesr Cno, Sydney, by W. Tirn.-u . Br an advertisement in another column, horse-owners are reminded that nominations for the principal events to be run at the spring meeting of the Toowoomba Turf Club, to be held on August 9th, close with the secretary (Mr. W. Clark, jun.), Toowoomba, at 8 o'clock, or with the secretary of the Q.T.A., Brisbane, at 4 o'clock on Tuesday, the 23rd instant. TIE usual fortnightly meeting of the True Blue Lodge, No. 8, P.A.F.8.O.A., was held last Thursday evening in Goleby's Hall, Brisbane street. Bro. J.. J. Gray, W.M., eccupied the chair. There was a fair attendance of mem bers. Sick pay to the amount of £4 4ds. was passed for payment, and it was decided that the secretary should send a letter of condolence to Bro. Whiston on account of the death of one of his children; also a letter of condolence to Mrs. D. Perry, owing to the loss she had sus tained through the death of her husband, who had taken an active part in lodge business, and who held the oilce of outside guard for a number of years. As an installation of officers will take place on next lodge night, it was de cided to let the appointment of an outside guard stand over till that night. The lodge was then closed in the usual manner. The receipts of the evening amounted to £9'Ls. 6d. ~Mn. H. E. Wmrsa, architect, of East-street, received the following tenders, on Thursday last, for the erection of new premises in .Nia holas-street on the site hitherto occupied by Messrs. E. Harding, D. Jackson, and J. Sparks (two prices being received from each tenderer the first for awood and iron structure and the latter for one of all brick) :-HMessrs.Worley and Whitehead. £433 15s. and £498 12s., twelve weeke ; W. Betts, £433 and £519 18s., eighteen weeks; i. Wilson and Co., £422 and £547, four weeks; P. Brown, £405 10s. and £468, three months; and J. I. Balls, £390 10s. andt £474, four months. We understand that the overture of the last- named has been accepted: for a wood and iron building. NEW IRISH BALLAD. (Vear PossUnL.) Go forth in haste, With bills and paste- Proclaim to every nation That Ireland's Pies (Praised to the skies) Lick all others in creation. 160 See Advertisement on FrontPage.-(ArsT.] We desire to remind our readers of the balloon ascent, to be made atthe show- grounds, Sandy Galop, this afternoon, by Miss Essie Viola. The inflating of the balloon-which in itself is an interesting process-will commence at 2-30 p.m., and the ascent will be made at 4-15 p.m. In othei towns in the colony where ascents have been-made by these plucky ladies the attendance of the public has been very large, and, given favourable weather, their demonstration this afternoon should be well patronised. During the afternoon a football match between the Rocktons and Iaceviews will be played on the grounds, the kick-off to take place at a o'clock. ToE seventh annual.meeting of the Ipswich Railway Rifle Club was held, at Ham's rooms, on Thursday night last, at 7-30 o'clock. The President, Mr. R. TlDarker, occupied the chair. The secretary read the report and balance-shiet for the year, which showed that the club is in a better position now than it has been for years. The election of officers then took place as fol lows:--Patron, the Hon. A. H. Barlow; Pre sident, Mr. I. T. Darker; vice-presidents,'the Hon. T. B. Cribb, M.L.C., Messrs. J. Wilkiison and Lewis Thomas, MM.L.A., R. M'Leod, H. E. Wyman, P. L. Cardew, Dr. Von Lossberg, W. Foots, H. Bishop, G. F. Moore, 3. R. ktlin son, and P. O'Sullivan; captain, J. Middleton; vice-captain, W. M'Intosh; treasurer, G. F. Moore; secretary, A. 8. Millar; assistant secretary, W. H. Moorehouse; committee, G. Bendell, J. Winning, C. Madden, W. M'Intosh, and W. H. Moorehouse. The President then presented the quarterly cash prizes to the dif ferent members; also a nice gold medal to Mr. DL. Davies for making the highest aggregate score for the year. The medal was subscribed by Mr. . P. Cameron and other supporters of the club. Mr. J. Salisbury was prbsented with a marble clock, which he has won during the last three years. This concluded the business. The members then sat down to a sumptuous banquet prepared by Mr. I. Ham in his usual capable manner. The toasts of the evening were--" The Queen," " The President," "Vice-Presidents," and "Outgoing Officers." Harmony was also indulged in, songs being suong by Messrs. W. Moorhouse, A. Millar, C. ?regg, 3. Winnings T. Temperley, and G. BendeRl. The 'eeting then broke up ct 11 o'clock, all being pleased with the evening spent, and determined to make the club second to none in the colony. WaT is the difference between the School of Arts Library and Pasne's Book DelSt ? In the former you are continually parting with friends, while in the other you are ebotinually making permanent.friendshbipo.-(Anwr.) 266 A seraccA service in connection with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints was held in the Olympic Hall last night. There was only a small attendance, and the elders of the Church present were Messrs. John FP; Burton, C. B. Crow, and -". H. Bod leigh, the latter of whom conducted the meet ing. Alter the singing of a couple of hymis and prayerled by Elder Crow, Elder Burton delivered a ratherlengthy, but interesting, ls course. He was there, he said, to represent a sect that was unpopular, and one reason of this unpopularity was that they believed that heaven had been opened during these the last days, and the mind of God revealed unto the hearts of men. They were looked down upon' because they testified that God had sent His angels again to the eacth. False literature, too, had been spread broadcast through the earth regarding them. The apostle Peter had. said, "' Repont and be baptised, everyone of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for.the re mission of sins, and ye shall receive the gifts. of the Holy Ghost." He then went on to speak aboutfaith, which, he said, was the first principle of: the everlasting Gospel. Other rinciples were those of repentanoe and Eaptism. He 'did not believe in infant baptism, nor in the sprinkling or pouring of water; he believed in immereion5 accord ing to the plan followed by John. the Baptist and laid down in the Gospel. The going down into the water represented the death, and the coming out the birth. Baptism was for the remission of sins. Another prin eiple to which hereferred was that of authority. A man required to be called by-God the eternal Father before be went out to preach the Gospel. After Elder Bodleigh had thanked those present for their attendance, the meeting terminated with the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. SEcs.--JUst arrived, in splendid older, from my Englsh, German, and colonial growers, Vegetable, Field, and Flower Soeds: -Swedes, Mangels, Prairie Grass, Broad-Leaf Lucerne, White and Red Clovers, Trefoil, Couch, and Mixed Lawn Grasses; colonial grown tested Onion Seed, Carrot, Lettuce, Beans, Peas, Parsnip, Cabbage, Radish, Leek, Mustard, Cress, Beet, Thyme, Turnip, and all other Seeds; 1000 vasriefiee Flower Beed, in eluding Asters, Balsams, Pansy; Mignouette, Anemone, Phlox, Buunnculus. Caudytuft, Poppies, Rodenthe, Primula, Cineraria, Ac.; 10,000 new Bulbs-Tulips, Narcissus, Irias, Daffodils, FPreezias, Sparcuias, in collections. from 2s. 6d. to £2; splendid collection Dried Grass and Flowers. JaEss BaL. Nicholas strooet, Ipswich.-(AsVv.) 47 As advertisement in another portion of this issue notities that Colonel Lilby, of the Salvation Army, will visit Ipswich on Friday next, the 19th tnjstant. The Commissioner, assisted by a nmunbolr of other visitors, will cun duct special meetings in the bairacks on the day named. YEBTEMI~Y moroiug MeSSrs. John dMathieson (Railway Commissioncr), J. F. Thallon (General Traffic Manager), H. C. Stanley (Chief Engi neer), H. Horniblow (Locomotive Engineer), and A. C. Raff (District Engineer) arrived in Ipswich by special train about half-past 11 o'clock. They are on a tour of inspection over the main and branch lines of the Southern division. After spending about half-an-hour here, during which time they had a look at the old goods shed, they went on to Toowoomba. IT will be seen from our lusineos columns that Mr. Joseph M'Orath, solfittor, has taken sa. pffice in the Queensland Tles chambers, a.ed will commence the practice of his profes sior is Ipswich on Monday next. Me.. M'Grath is a son of Mr, John M'Grath, the respected proprietor of the North Star Hotel. He re ceived his early education at the Christian Brothers' School, Brisbane, and was afterwards a pupil at the Ipswich Grammar School for some years. He then entered the office of Mr. T. Bunton, solicitor, Brisbane, and passed his final examination in May last. A COBREsroSDENT, writing from Peak Cross ing, says :-It is with dbepregret that I report the death of an' old and respested resident in' the person of Mn Pttriclt Kianane, who died at his residence, Nelson's Ridges, on Sunday morning, at the age of seventy-six years. He was a native of County Clare, Ireland, and came to Queensland witirhis wife and family in 1864. After labouring for a few years in Ipswich, he took up a farm at Nelson's Ridges---which at that time were part of a station-where he en gaged in farming up till the time of his demise. Although of a retiring disposition, he was nevertheless held in high esteem, which was proved by the large concourse-ot peple who paid the last tribute of respect to their departed friend, who had dwelt so socisbly arongat them for the last thirty, years. He leaves a widow and five children-three sons aud two daughters-to mourn their sad lose; four of them are married. His remains were interred in the Harrisville Cemetery. on Monday even tig, the customary rites of the RomanCatholic Church being performed by the Rev. M;.Ryan. AT the Police Court, yesterday morning, be fore the Police Magistrate, Henry Richard Arnott was charged with having, at Brassa8 , on.or about the 8th instant, stole one easklt of sherry wine, the property of He :ry:Kikwoodc Mr. P. L.. Ckrdew appeared for the accued. The evidence of Constable John Kiely went; to show that, on Wednesday, the 10th instant;.he searched the premises of accused at Hungry Flat, and found, in a store-room, a banrel on. taining wine, an empty barrel, and .a-plug.. Kirkwood identified the empty barrel and the plug as his property. Henry Kirkwood, on be ing sworn, voluntarily stated that he didt not wish-to prosecute, that he was sorry that the case had gone so far, and that he was not aware of what would be the issue when he fist. put the matter into the hands of the police. Hb. also stated' that thedneused and a man named Currie told him that they were only havinga; lark with him. He subsequently gave testi mony which corroborated, in the main, that given by Constable Kiely. Williami M'Laughlhl. also gave corroborative evidence, after which the case was remanded for eight days, the acs cusd.being allowedbhfilin his own recognisance of £20. Mnanorar, Miatle, and Underclothing Departments: All Goods at Reduced Prices,. for Cash. J. BIcXan and Co.-(ATvr.) 154 A Maos enjoyable:musical evening was spent, in the North Ipswich Congregational Church, on Thursdayeveninglast, about fifty or sixty persons being present at the invitation of the members of the choir, the audience including the deacons of the Church, and Mrs. H. Beeve, of Brisbane, in whose honour it had been ex pressly got up. A Wvry lengthy programme of songs, duets, quartettes, and choruses was submitted, including.several songs .by Mrs. Reeve, who was in good voice, and very good naturedly sang song after song, to the delight of those present, at one time melting them into tears and at another sending them into fits of laughter by her rendering of some humorous numbers. About9"S0-lo'loclt refreshaents were handed round by the ladies, and this partof the evening's enjoyment was also very heartily pn joyed, after which a hearty vote of thanks was tendered to Mrs. Reeve for her kindness that evening, and also for her assistance all through the anniversary functibns. Mr. C. J. Harvey, in a very humorous -speech, responded on behalf of Mrs. Beeve, who desired to thank the choir for entertainingher in so pleasant a man ner. Hearty thanks were also accorded to the ladies for the many nice things they had pro vided, and about 10-80. all departed to their homes, well pleased, ith the evening's enter tainment. Where quantities of goods daily are sold, Fortheirequivalent in cheques, notes, andgold J. DE CosNat'sSale of Sales.-(Anvr.) A so?on under the auspices of the Ipswich and West Moreton? ootball Rugby Union was held in the Burnett-street Hall last night, and was a great success.. . Theobject of the function was tor aise funds towards obtaining badges for the winning team associated with the union this year, and an excellent start in this direction was made. There were over sixty couples present. The committee who were appointed to conduct the arrangements-Messrs. A. Burrowes, A. D..Campbell, W. M'Gill, A. Stevenson, H. Hughes, A. Viteroni and L. W. Wilkinson (secretary)-are to be congratulated on the success of their efforts. First-rate music was provided by Messrs. A. M'Millan. (piano), W. Grao (violi and Alee. Gray. (cornet), and Mr. T. Johns made an efficient M.C. Refreshments of ans appetising nature were on the board, and were freely sampled. Splendid weather favoured the social, and a delightful evening was spent, dancing beink enthusiastically .engaged in till an early hour this morning. CEarMLsn the best medicine known is SAN?DE and SONs' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects.in coughs, colds, in fluenza--the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, bums, sealdings, braises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling, no inflamma tion. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, Ac.; diarrhsea, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinaryorgans. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by his Majesty the King of, Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at:in ternational Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject all others. -(Anvw.) 41; As will Leseen fromoen advertising columns, Mr. D. Jackson wisheseto draw the attention of his customers and the public generally to the fact that, pending the erection of new shops on the site where he previously carried on business, he has taken the premises in Nicholas-street lately occupied by Mr. John Hunter, where he. hopes to see all his old customers and many new ones. Patrons are assured that they can. rely on getting the best of tobacco, pipes, &A.; also, " the easiest shave and best hair cut in town." Tao pulpit of the Brisbane-streetCongrego, tional Church will be occupied to-morrow by the Rav.J. M. Bayley, of Brighton-road Congre gational Church, South Brisbane. Mr. Bayley has an honourable record as a Congregational minister both in Sydney and Tasmania, and will doubtless receive a hearty welcome on.his first visit to Ipswich. As will be seen by refer ence to our advertising columns, a series of meetings in connection with; the London Missionary Society will also be held during the week. They will be conducted by the ,Rev. John and Mrs. Parker, fromMongolia. Mr. Parker is the successor of that devoted mis sionary John Gilmour, of almost world-wide reputation. Both irh. Parker and his wifo have Sbeen holding servicecs in the churches of the other colonies, which have been attended with great success. It is expscted that they will speak at these meetings, dressed in the costume of those apong whom they labour. Large meetings are anticipated at each place. Ma. GtoIEs hae given notice that on next Tuesday hle will ask the Secretary for Railways, h' Is it his intention to discontinue thepassenger tralic on the line between the Corinda and Yceroegpilly stations on the completion of the Albert liailway Bridge ?" TaE ,fllow'ing are the winners of Dowridge's 2s. td. consultation on the Grand National Hurdle It?e :--First, W. C. Hargreaves, Bed Hill, lri-han., £197 2s. : second, A. M. Fryar, Qucen-street, city, £98 1ls.; third, Baker's syndicate, care of H. Baker, Boundary-street, Spring Hlill, Brisbane, £49 is. 6d. Tattersal's winners rn same race are:--First, M. E. Thomas, care of Patterson, Laing, and Bruce, Flindcrs-nhme, Melbourne, £5005; second, W. Ulackie, BoI 38, Bundabdrg, £1201 ts.; third, H. T. Bowe, Beechworth, Victoria, £801. KIn. COaTAWAY has givea enotice in the Assmbly that on Friday next It till move, "Ths in the opinion of this Hie, tbhe de velopment of the farm industries is of primary importisee to the State and worthy of still further legislative and administrative en eouragement." Where thifag? v le been humming wikmou any doubt, Where people rosb is, and parcels go out-- J. DriCouslas'sSBaie of Sales..-4(Axs.s fnrssmsny last was the day for holding tie usual monthly meeting of the Ipswich TraSlh Board; but, as Mr. James Irwin was the only member who -attended, a meeting is to be hel at 3 o'clock p.m. on foursday next. A SUPasmeEN?ru prize-lins in connection with the Lockyer show, to be livd at Ltldley, on the l1stinstant and lit August, appears m oar advertising columns to-day: From this it will be seen that a number of interesting and novel competitions hase been added to the programme, and these should grePat acsuntaate the interest taken. in the expositioe, We ouderiland that all arrangements inonnectiron with ithe show are being energetically pushot forward, and the function this year' promisa to be a'mocesslul one. sPEcraL quotations for Bl?ankets samd House; hold@rapery during stock-taking i~le for Cashi . RBurcan and Co.-[Anvt.] 156? As annoanced elsewhere, an entertainmenote will be gisen in the Oddiellows' Hall, Bun. danba, on Tiesday evening next, in aid of Mrt. Henry Hamilton. A lengthy prgramme'hams been arranged, and, as the objct is a praise worthy one, a good attendance is expested. ,r. Lewis Tlnmas, HL.A., will pitide. Duanso oalck-tainig month all Dres Materials, andlDresmaking at IReduced Pricee,. for Cash. J. IcmHE and Co.s-[A?vr] 154~ 