SHORT STORY. TUE JEALOUS LOVERS, fa hi Betwaen our house and Farmer Raynor's ho lay two green meadoua. It was curious cc enough to look aeroea thema and eta the so bright dark green of thle grase'in one, and no the mellow yellow tints of the other. Too sil lerat, too, was dotted all over with clover, in pink and whilte, and only now and then a thl dandelion grew inl the other. he I Botwean thel mesrdows lay a clunop of trees and bushesl, and an old."llhiouned sale. wt :When the moon was high, and a round silver m shield in the dark nighlt sky, I uoitd to gio Lt down to that stile and sit upon it, loultiu TIa toward tho ItRynor Ihomeatead. It was luo in and low, with dormer wjldoaws oan the rool. Il, by chanoo, I eaw a light in tlue one I naew TI belonged to Eva ILtynor'e room, I thIotui:t it, my Vigil well r?t'artded; for I loved lea e h laynor as knights in old romance loved ttear o ladies. mi You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty hanid, or tttlal more p than "good day" as we paased on tire road. en Our families were tnot oil visiting terms, and to wo never met that way. Any other noucg fellow, smitten as 1 was, would hav e managed to know her butter somehow, hr but 1 made no cllort to win my way to hern liking. it My own fault, then, say you I Wll, per. I teps you are right, but true love is alwtiayc a th prest I away flies coUlidetile and vanity, and it you say to yourself, " There's nothing n ma to like," or " She'll never look at meu ; what ia the use of hoping f1" I You never saw har; and words can't tell you just what alsh is. Go out into thel garden and lied a lily among bedi ot dahliats g and Qdeeo Itlrgarets and fn!latiing poppita, and you'll know hw ow she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of ra broken glassand pebble,and you'll know what i she seemed to me in a crowd of other ti women. sl Once sho dropped a red geranium out of ;o her dark hair, and I picked it up fromn tite road by stealth, and felt half afraid to touch it-it seemed so holy. I put it bet vcen my Bible leaves when I wont home-the moat saored place I could think of. It is there il yet; two red-brown threads and something na that looks like a crisp bit of scorched paper, w That was comning from ohurch one Hunday. cr The next, while I had the flower against iny I bosom, and was sitting where I eould ee the L IlRynora' pow, which was under the gllery rt where the echool-children eat, a cluamy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the rail. if log. I saw it drop, and then oaw her sink c forward, and was beside her and had her out 0l in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have loeft; but ohuroh was out, and niall going home, and the old people would have me take b tea with them. They made a fu.s about , my kindness, too, as though any brute could 1i have done leas when ahe dropped like a hurt deer. a I went home to tea in the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was g a little forelatte of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was , that night. b Well, the ice was broken, and with it, itI seemed, an old feud between my people and I tits lttynors, about a triangular pitch of I ground, not big enough to build on, and too I sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and Mrs. Itnaynor took tea together, sand chltted when they met. All I thought of was the chance of seeing I Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms. -I did con her. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me I much but shabe chatted and laughed wilth me, and blushed whore I looked at her, as. good t manners or not, I. had to look sometimes; and though I was brown and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voice to oatch my size, sometimes I used to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom or life. You never would have guessed as Iploughed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that were to my brain, under my shook of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever say of their lady-loves half what I thought about Eve Iqlynor when I was busy at the humblest work. I heard a strain of music once, though, that said it all without a single word, or it teemed so; for I stood listening to It with her hand crushed tight in mino in the shadow. There was soma great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser. enading him. And I felt througlh her palm, her heart boat like some wild thing. Mine I stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I sard when all were out of hearing: "Eve Itsynor, if you over ceaeo to love me, I shall die I" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else over loved as I did ; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going homoe (prayers were said at ten at the Itaynors', and every one expected to leave at once), I met half way upon the road, which Il ad taken because the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a r portmanteau in hia hand, looking about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though lau ,oareoly know which pathls to take. lel was, I could eco in the moonligllt, very handsomo ind dressed in a style not common iii our outntry place. There was a tlash of gold at I al fub, and a glinltner of precious utones on Svis eungloved hand, and as I calno nearer, a !sint Ierfume, such as mstalo girls I know raught into church with thelm on their hand. rerhiefela. Ito was a b'g fellow, too despite all ?hoa deilioalte dailltinesea of toilet, and hli terc was cletar nind musical, but r thorough ,ilaic'i voice, when hii apole to e.o. "Can you tell nle the way to toito tynor larm.house, sir7 Itnshouhl e somewhat clone at hand, if mly memnlory eorved ale." " Htraight on," I said; " the first hoeso you come to on the right; you can't mistake it." S' Thank you," said hle. I'te only fair to tell you, however," t sill I, "that they are all in bed by this Slithoe." lie laughel. " I Ihad forgotten country ways," said he, 1' Iowever, if ily atlnel w 't lett melo in, 1'11 ileep oni the porch, until nmorniii. 'liaeC ted to be a fIalaoala porch, witlh nit nold betloh on it long enoughl to raCaieo a " Iat l't--it can't be little Ncd \\\'are ?" oraed I. "Not littlel I" ' ,1 hel: "rot lilttil any loather, but Ned hitrat ntill, At,' YoUt ' y I nai ThIndelrt lIrel I'" a \Vu ,,hotk ainds then. Y'ar rlolore two brieloteld colultry bIoy -who htd ,layred SIn tat woods tielsthlar--frhmda , ud as bttys will bl letlite nil lautily fltlds. 1iii taii' is V iiatar lItylor'e itphli tew, andhit d, I raeiaember, hiheritid saie prolrty, and La t t at Ulltt to ia Ihlardin;,?tth,,,lI. I ouald searaely hetlic ll that tima ht d altllrrd hli HO \--tilie nnd cdaieonlltu, ad annoeiatllio wilYt polihhed iunn. I wilt back with thhn to the Iyioert', na1l naw o1rl eleerly Hlaaclba admit hla. 'luan I weett hmnn', eut all that lnlght ranaaiad eltrangl, ithli, Jnlhuatu dra sult exaI i rxl ite! ylt}+ muore prfict lita i mrtall nuit cotldt Ih0, wha won 'va O fll, nor fronll tie. Al, Inn I jlousy tit anl iIt wood-.one. a nn Irltn a 0nugIltat or two I had hlrdlriy tail cota l aILotn of and tlln IChe t IuEIgItIt rit ied wa a ntIa tiii Ire atlla worn ovtcr. IIu wni helr oIlly eonslia I hlt whly litialal a silo lo flrev!r watllllt t with hhi, lalkiul tol hhn, itIllint0 on hi Vl Why lsheiti I iI sIt lie. shli hel r i ehurehl, holI llldil laer I tIatili fat hlar I ?F? :',rt o heri? ly oiaialid hli aik ill mi aud inlitlllio e lirl ingaea ue an l ad so good ai gnt to oo, to ote0n my ovenomg at toe fart.bhoueof IIUd sil told him? Had any of them told himn of our engagement? I doubted it. And h11 would be there the summer ihrough. It ,eacmed to me I could not bear it. I had been to happy since Eve promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grow moody, and sat silent in her presence, while lie talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making tile contrast no much greater than It need have ibeecn. At looat I staid away altogether for a whole wreei. I thought to pqluo her by that-to mtrke he suffer something of my pain. I bore the lbsenee romn htier one Sunday to the ni xt Then, in the twilight hush of the June even. ing I took my way crods thbo meadow. The Sebbath silence was on everything. The fir oal chiming of a churchtcll dropped its silver into it, inatead of breaking the cltrmn. Thbe scen of irimroese tHiled the air, iand the dornv, in the cote behind the house mourlnured mntuioally. I opened the rato, and entered. B'nile the gate was a little ruitio arbor, shaded by etronnly wooded vines. Tee moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it. I naw two pictureo. Tihe lteat-Evo Raynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Nod WOire kneeling at her feet. The second--Evoe lty. nor caught to Ned Warc's heart with a wild, pao?ionato cry of " My love I my life I" Mlro he unolasped his arms, I otood before them. her Ieet thf ring h e h d given, flung at chllang for mine. I suc., .a?lu?re in enx in mry renvoy, and strode aiway, leadIcw what, dumb and motionless. ih'l them IIhll way over the mendowI began to under. re stand what hid bel:allen me-as wo underet.rnd great woes at l.st-and fell upon the long P dump graes as though I lhad beien shot. Langt past emidnight I crept into my bed a rouom window, and began to pack a few th ngs a in my carpet bag-linen, and a second coat; the stockings knit by my old motber'shandes; the little bible she had given me, and mye slender stock of money. Then, on a scraip of paper, I wrote this note and elipped ii ti under my pillow II Dr.n Morne.n-Don't think hard of me- td do not think I do not love you. You are the only being I now love in the world; but I cannot stay at Elms- cannot breatho its air. Eva Raynor hat jilted me, and I should go mad were I b to see her daily with her lover, no I must if I remain. d I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and a ii I over find mysell better of my hurt, I shall a comee back to you again. I don't hope it, n though. It is too deep and sore. h God bless you, and good-by. a Your loving son, TarIODonE BleST. a Then I clambered out of the window, and u before I took the blhob road to the car depot, e went to the dear old falo to take the last 0 look at Evo's home, over whose tlreshold, a in all human probability, I should never pass again. White as a ghost the moon soudded through gathering clouds, white in her light lay the farm house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field; against the background of moonlit wall rosn the c lumps of currant bushes, and the curved outline of t that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, I and dank, thick grass. Only the step of the stile was nilver.lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot ol a dead elm tree. I took it all oft upon my heart. I said: " Ieaven forgive her I He aon neverlove her as I do I" and thou [ strode away toward the station. It was two good miles away, but the 1 early train- had not nrrired-when I rahebod the place. I sat down in thebo waiting.room; but for shame I could have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing of a bell-the scream of a whistle. The train was coming. There was a chattering without about sundry trunks toLonging to two old women who had just cone up in a wagon, and the door of the waiting.room was flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It-was Ned Ware, He was as pale as living man could beh Despite his triumph, he looked wretched. ie paced thle floor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For thie frst time In my life I wanted to kill a thingOaedmade tvY He forgive me for it 1 We looked at eaoh other in dead silence. Ned broke it. " Where are you going t" he said. "What Is that to you ! ou insult me by speakingo o tm. You have robbed me let that suntlie. It is dangerous to speak to me just now, For Eve's sake I warn you to leave mte." " Sol hbave robbed you ?" he said, with a eoer, ,Yes. You know she was mine. I warn you again. Go I" lto folded hie arms and looked at mie. "I nam going," he said. " The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silence. The good says speak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. You are hall nead, Theodore Brest. You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears. You are not robbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. But Eva Rynor is you,,r- ' not miuo" " I eaw her in your arms," said I. a Ioe laughed a bitter laugh. " Lieten," he unid. " I have only a mlo. ment; for I do not wish to be left at Elues, 10 and the train i6 coming. You gave moe a i week. I know you loved the girl, but I r loved her also. I did ly best. Last night I t ventureid all, and lost. Shli told ue you were her betrotled lhusband, and that shle cared nothlinrg for me." Down the road caom tile ehrieking train; the bell was clanging. lie caught up his I pLortmruntcnu. " I clasped her to my heart," he pent on. h " It was a nand thing to do ; but it ewas an adienu, and against her will. Audmann I go Sback and bog her pardon for the words yoel a peid IIf le forgiven you, I wouhl give a king. dule to take your place. A kingdom I alit I the world I " All aboard I" yelled a voice at the door. " You lbelieve mie " lie asked. "(It.I bles you-tied reward yeul" I lrasped. But he roas gone fro could clahp I never forget Ilmll, but I have nievYr ;sCee hhni ineie, and it is likely never shlall. I wctnt loeeu in thie idaw ,in of tlhe day. I tore thet note which I hail \ttteo in Irom. nu l lnt b. I knelt down i end pray ,d ir I rio not pray)ed Sht0c I waS Ie littlo ihihl, and lu the early euorlnine. I sought ihe ItI y Heo lorgaveo iii. luhe pitied and undrr. ilood rle. Ero we parted, our lilt ertel, ie ol yore, nud cro the nriuniiler wanedir, Clb e?'a? eY ey wile. \Vae are old Iptople now, and ohildren t11 a- l uetrorg ilIirr bOLut rui hearth aII cVi i. thlel elnd the hlriet lo them nlil, tlirr tIll youth ',runder, with hi,! inothlr's velvet elai, irrrtined eineeard IWa'r, '. wi imolumei ned h1 ellie Ini nori y i f that eeible rivarll lll lit owni ireat griul, hald Ineroy Iuolun Iutein. To'W I'ei.lrrilt duelilr, I eiil lieuvr, the i riti i, eadl lt. Lihbrlrr t h, the r j nolr I lle, ait Ii i tl il loold." r lrlh ldvert ris dii ol lour tlllen o but n ,t he ltllr w as h ontledi. A Orun finenet, u tire unelhit in "Trhri I n lre n :hr in lof ih i l," t e ii ulei d rl o I I r ent Ii trllyre tlaiiie,, all I, lehvt hit g a ils r et tehe cOi ll , gaition, r a ICnl I "t Yeul Iltin cIh e ,l Iollr iI ee+nd n l yeeri e rllt.o'hera I Yo In +lov r io rIlnenanir ntlmul Irt treeherl r )ly u llalry Irtl w"II I loue pour soule is godli,.e, 