SOME THINGS ETHEREAL MY SPIEIT-RAPPINO EXPERIENCE. It was during tlio late cold snap that I first of all took it seriously into my coriBkieration. There could be bo doubt of it: of ihut I was well aware. But still for all that I was sceptical for a long time ujtil the bare facts were brought home to my very door. I had always looked upon such grue some subjects with a cousidnrable amouut of awe when I was alone, although, mind you, I never really believed that such things could be. I went to the Temper ance Hall one evening and saw a con juring man raise up ghosts in the pre sence of Alderoian Hiddleetone, M.H.A., and eorne others, aa»ongst whom tros a parson. Now, they aaw and were quite cloBe to some horrid looking things which came out when the gas was low (they only seem to do it after dark, don't they?) and we were all told that such things were not at all, and were only a fake. Well, maybe Alderman Hiddlestone, M.H.A, was a fake too. You wouldn't think he was a fate at the end of the month if yon got your groceries off him. Besides, how do 1 know that they were not real spirits and the man only said they were fakes for the sake of making himself ' clever ? You never know. There were several people who, to my own personal knowledge, had 's'.-on (hinge,' and had made tables skip over lh? room. They have been at it again lately — doing it on the strict QT. you know. — for since some of the ^exposures they don't much care for the public prints getting hold of it. One of them loid me a very plaintive story he heard turjugl) a spirit of a certain young lady named Jesa wlio, it appears, must have been going it lemons, her principal performance being that of rrinkiug the other eye at certain gentle men present in the dark room. There was another one too who could not rest in her grave she said because her cucc upon a time husband came home nightly the worse for liquor, which he never dared do in her lifetime. She wanted to know what she was to do with a man Iik2 that ? I should have advised that she should have given him & turn some night and see if that would be effective, tmt as it appeared that the liquored one got up in addition overy morning and continued where he had left off the night before, mv suggestion would have been superfluous, as she will soon have him out in Cornelian Hay with her and then you may bet they'll have a healthy time. However, it was about the last cold spell that I began to be awaro of some very curious Tappings at the door of the shed I was understood to pay rent for. I didn't mind it much at first, but the rappings increased with such violence that 1 became alarmed. I hadn't paid any rent for over a month, and was be ginning to wonder how I was to meet it all when tho tappings commenced. I thought; of the bones in the old NurneB Home now long Gone, and shivered, 1 had often heard that if spirits when de siring to communicate their wishes to mortals were addressed in solemn tones they would reply by raps. I plucked up courage. ' Do you desire to come in?' 1 faltered. I here was a loud rap ping at the door in reply. I spoke again. ' Are you a friendly spirit ?' There was no response, a silence reigning throughout the house. This was cer tainly a direct 'manifestation.' I resolved to try again, for I would have something to relate. Again I addressed it: 'Are you a local spirit?' The rappings were so heavy and so violent that I fled from the place. I tremblingly returned and again listened. A shadowy form moved and hovered about tho door way. It peered through the kuyholo, and in at the chinks of the blinds. 1 went out by the back and walked care lossly past the front. Two dreadful figures were doing something to the door. I fled again and presently re turned. There, right before my eyes, was a square piece of printed blue paper. I dared not approach it. I fled in horror and did not return until next day. I had often read that at certain times and under certain influences tables bail beeu turned round aud round under the influence of spiritB. but then there was always* 'medium.' I resolved (o find one. Wandering along by the vfh'arvds I dainc i across a poor I'.liap who was quite dis trpsedin mind 'jnougb for anvihing. and who under certain conditions was aesure.l that he could get uuder the in fluence of spirits. 1 questioned him as to whether he knew anything at all how spirits worked, and he locked at me easily and wii k;il. J wa* assured (hat he would make a good cjaliuiu. The experiment wks worth trying anyway, nnrl I resolved to asct Ttain whether or not furniture ciuM b^ renlly moved Tinder their in fluence Sr- I took the poor felhw and triod. 1 was really alarmed «t the in fluence of (lie spirits. Long before a equ ;re buttle was empty lie fell over the table and uuder it. In wply to an enquiry ns to whether furniture ciiul.l bd qioi'od by their agency, Ii-j said ' Whutshycrshay ? ' I was astounded. Strange wierd language. Then, to farther prove himself, he piled the chads ' on top of the table ami was proceeding to carry ihe.n out when the rapping recoia pienced. I spoke again. ' Are you of this earth ;' There was a fierce rapping then. '' Know you aught of my land lord .'' Eo loud aud terrible wcro the i7i;-pingi that I OH from tbe premises. Again a strang ? thing happened. I found on my return tint nivui-jdiiim hail in Ivisil marcd nil my furnftutij out by th: luck in a truck. The house iy-ts quite empty of things. Evon the square bottle contain ing nothing. 1 wandered abiut the rooms in the greatest bewildefmeut. Strange noises lilted the ai-. lUppings were frequent, and sounds as of a key inserted in a loci;, and the forcing of a door b.roke upon my oar. Rap, rap, rap. Seizing the 1ii-st friendly wrapper — x mackintosh — I fled again, and when I ventured near | the urjTuis.Si the next day I found that the I splriiK had opened all the doors and ' windows of the house an 1 wore iu j posse.-swn. I I have never yet been able to explain j how or why or for whit reason such . things took place, hut unto scoffers I j can only say that of the mysteries of which noue knoweth the depth let no one carp at, for just at the present time there are more things in Iieaven, Earth ; and Hobart going on than are dreamt of | in anyone's philosophy. 