POINTS. , lr you want anything, try our cheap' prepaid advertising . columns, tho, most popular adver- tising inedium in Queensland ; ' fifteen words, three insertions, for ono shilling. See spouiul advertisement. D hns been ro-oleotod Mayor of Armiddlo for tho third consecutive term, and Aid. J . H. Rcid has boon elected Muyor of Tenterfiold. Relations liavo been strained between tho.1 local dairy coinpuuy and milk suppliers at Tenterfiold. The directors of tlio company stated that thoy were imublo to pay more than l-d. per 'gallon,' And thiit tho bulk of tho milk supplied whs oxccedingly poor in quality. The suppliers replied that lid. por gallon would not pay them, und thut.ff the, directors oould not give more it would bo better to oloso tho factory. It was eventually- decided that m future milk should bo paid for according to tho amount of butter fat whioh it contained. Colao (Victoria) farmers complain strongly rogardin- tho low prico of potatoes. At a farioors' meeting 011 Tuesday evening it was stated that tho commission agents in Melbourne were Hating as buyers and sellors us woll, and when Colao potatoes wore quoted at 45s. in Molbourno ill tlio up oouutry towns thoy were £2 10s., thus giving these agents as. clear profit, besides 5s. commission which thoy received from tho growers. It is proposed to ask the co-operation of. Wiirrnuinbool and Camperdown growers iu endeavouring to brcuk up tho " ring " which is said to exist. \- Epiodans from Oscar Wildo's new play, "An Ideal Husband, " produced at the Hay- market. . One lady observes that " her memory is undor adinirublo control." An elderly poor remarks that sooiety in tho season consists of assomblioa, whoro ono finds "D d nobodies talking about nothing." "I love talking about nothing," replies his son, "for it's tho only thing I know anything about." Our firo-onters laid themselves out for a big thing at. 2 o'olook yesterday morning. : Aftjse manning pretty well ull tho fire'- fighting appliances at their command, it must havo been rather disappointing to find tlmy liarl tn deal with somo cotton wnsto burning in u. fireplace. The homoly buokot gavo pluco to tho hoso- reel, uud proved most offectivo. ' Or courso it was very improper for tho cotton wusto to proceed to burn ut such uu untimely hour. Tho speody forry_ steamor Kangaroo has re turned to her running. But tho condition of hor docks on lior return seemed to indicuto that sho hud roceutiv- run through nn oil squall, or that sho had collided with the oilcan. Anvway, overyono .was glad to seo her back. ' Thebb will bo 110 party or dinner, however. Snt Henry Paskes lias again visited Kiama, but tho old ghost was not on view. Here is a weighty subjoet. " Mr. Gould, " ' Minister for Justice, arrived at Dubbo, Now South Walos, yesterday morning, and met tho. council and tho citizens in conferonco with re gard to the host uso to which tho old court- houso could ho put." . Havino disposed of a court-house did thoy finish up at tho houso over tho way ? A LiuDiNO Japnnoso journal has dovoted a series of articles to a disoussion of tho position of Great Britain as 1111 Asiatic Power, unrlm tlio title of "Tho Future of Great Brituin in tlio East." Its conclusion is if tho British think thoy can enjoy supremaor in tho cast by romniuiiig tlie firm friond of Cftinaiind continue to bolmvo urrogantly towurds tho reully moBt poworful oouutry, thoy will find, und uro already finding, themselves sadly mistakon . Mr. Deakin, speaking in Victoria tlio other day, spread out his hands, turned up tho yellow of his oyos, and in piteous liuiguago im plored all Australia, by federation, to opou thoir mui'kots freo of duty to Viotoriau-mudo goods. He was candour itself in saying that nothing olso would buvo Victoria. Queensland is implored to aid in saving hor bankrupt relation, who. huving spent ull in riotous living, must food swine if hor neigh bours will not fedornto with and food Iter. What an illustration it will ho of poverty making "us" familiar withstrango bedfellows. Like koeping Beau Brummel in bed whilst his punts wore boing roconstruotod. Minebs in Now South' Wales do not appear to be ablo to agree, disintegration therefore follows. There is no room for differences in unionism — all must be of one mind — or chaos is tho result. Tini/rr years ago tho guiloless residents of . Drayton luii the foundation blook of thoir court- house. Much whisky was spilt in oonneotion -with tho'ovent, and u bottle containing, amongst other things, ono of caoh sort of coin current in tho roulm, was stowed away in a oavity 111 tho blook. These wore dosigned to bo sprung upon a future generation. But alas for human nature. Some villain stolo up in tlio night, bored tho bottlo out, and " blowed " the contents. . When the blook was romoved-tho other day ono old pioneor assembled to witnoss tho ex huming of tlio coiti, and loft with a doop sigh for the vanished glories of olden diiys.' This is correct in foot, and truth. . " Tlio - Imporial Institute is publiHlutigamonthly|ncws- puper, and tlio first number lius already up- poured. It eonsista of stulo news and is about us uninteresting us can bo imagined." Ir the lust hair on tho heads of Brisbane merchants did not fall during tho late ensia. it must have fallen 011 reading that tho Tolo- graphio Department hesitated to usk for £2,090 to muko ofiioient and reliable the cirouit cable sorvico of tbo port of Brisbane.. What naughty persona there are in the world, to ho sure. . Report says that "tho Treasurer (of Tas mania) is determined that- correct incomo tpx returns shall ho soiit in, and intends to consult with tho commissioner with a viow to endea vouring to sheet home against certain persons a charge of senditig'iu fraudulent returns. Ho ' is oonviuood thut many persons who ' uro liable to inoonie tax havo nogleotod to send in returns, mid these will bo proseouted." 