WAS IT AN APPARITION? In the winter of 1892. whilst going to the sceue of my daily labors in a small coal mining town in New Zealand, that I en couut.ered what I term a ghost. I happened to be on an early shift, and started work at 5 a.m., and one dark June morning at 4.30 a.m. I, as waa my wont, started out briskly for the particular shaft in which I was engaged. I was passing a number of trucks staudiusron a sidiner when. happehing to look towards them I caught Bieht. of a. whitish figure on the other side. Thinking I recognised an old man notorious throughout tho mines for his coal-lifting pro clivities, I jokingly said : ' Ha, ha ! at the old gnme again?' to which query I received no answer. Not being interested in tho doinga of the old man, I hurried on and had passed tha trucks by some fifty or 6ixty yards when I instinctively felt that someone was either following or1 in close proximity to me. I instantly stopped and turned to the right, where, although the. morning waa intensely dark, I saw most distinctly at no greater distance than threo yards from me a fignre draped in white. At first sight I thonght it might be some fantastic reflection cast by a distant light from a miner's cottage window. I looked around, but no light was visible in any direction.; I -looked again in the direction of the figure ; it waa Btill in the same place. I felt no unusual sensation, but a strong curiosity to fathom the mystery. With that laudable object in view I advanced towards what I now thought tho ghost impersonator, though I could not imagine what object any one could have in acting aa suoh. Iu ad vancing I took particular notice of the figure before mo ; the outlines wore decidedly vague, but the eyes, I could not help noticing, were well defined and luminous.' 1 made ono curious discovery that although I could detect no perooptible motion, tho figure receded at my approach. I stopped, it likewise stopped ; I retreated, it advanced ; always, however, maintaining a respectful distance of nine or ten feet. Its movements woro so stealthy and myste rious, resembling a glido more than anything else I could call to mind, that I was slightly utartled. However, I had plenty of courage' on that occasion; indeed, bo far -I 'had' not experienced tho slightest fear or tropidation. I resolved to throw a little light on the subject by striking a match. I held the lighted mutch well above my head and again advanced upon my guest. Imagine my surprise, look where I would not a yestigo of my companion could I bee in any direction. I hurriedly walked to tho opot where I last saw him, but in vain, he had evidently fled, but where? Ah! that was the point. I waa ou level ground with not a tree, hut or object of any description behind which a man could hide. . These facts flashed throngh my mind in a few momenta, in fact, whilst the match was still alight. Whon it burned out and left mean tho intense darkness that characterises a Now Zealand wiflter'o morning 1 immediately saw tho object of my search in exactly his old position. To Bay I ?waa surprised but very faintly expresses my bowilderment. I could hardly believe my senses. I rubbed my eyes, but the incontro vertible fact remained; the figure, as I have hitherto oalled it, was there. ? I Btruok another match with exactly tho game results— rrhilit it vraa alight I ooold see no trace of the apparition, when out it (the apparitionVinstantiy returned. ' a. Altogether I struck three matches. WueiitfiS last went out I greatly deplored the fftcfc thai I bad no lamp with which I cduld sqciiro an immunity from the visiblo,proaonco of the apparition. . . ? . ? ? Until that last match burned out I had never experienced suoh a thing as a .fright* but then tho awful consciousriosD that I was standing in the presence of a ghostly being struck home to my bewildered mind with paralysing force and effect. ? My imagination ran riot, and_ transformed tho hazy outlines of the speotre into features' of horrid deformity and diabolical malignity. Physically I col laps.od entirely; iny blood stagnated; a peculiar creepy sensation along tho spine, prognostic, I believe, oF freezing of the mar row, tho liko of which I had never experienced, together with a Hearty desire to flee as quiokly an possiblo, impelled me to make a BtrenuouH effort to put aa much ground as possible between myself and my poraecutor, but tho attempt proved abortive ; not an inch oould I stir. 'My limbs refused their office. After a time that seemed honrs, I managed to gather my scattered faculties, and made my way homewards us quiokly aa possible. My mates hardly recognised in the scared, breathless, terrified individual with tho blood shot eyes the friend who parted from them but a short half-hour before. ' Needless to 6ay, my story created a sensa tion iu tho little community, and maiiy ingenious and marvellous theories were pro mulgated by the. wiseacres to account for tho apparition, for, being a strictly sobor man and having a reputation for Bhrewdness, my story naturally received a certain amount of credence. I have often cudcrellod my brains to form some feasible theory to account for tho ourious 'phenomenon-' I witnessed, but I always come to tho conclusion thut I Baw a veritable ghost. — E. Scanlon. Dsoomber 4, 1895. 