Quips & Cranks. Nearly all bluerieyed cats are deaf. Maize has been found in the most ancient Peruvian tombs. iOver 800' British criminals ..have been executed since the accession of Queen Victoria. ... ! The Swiss Government made a profit of/ about £200,000 last yqar by it's monopoly in/spirits. : . Great finds of gold have be$p made in Corea, .and enterprising^ Speculators are already at workjthere showing' the simple natives what real energy is; . Women nowadays • are geiiei ally acknowledged to be an'irich.or^iwo taller, and two or three Itochea. 'greater in chest development, than their grandmothers were. I^In pulling dojvn an old house in Paris recently the workmen.., came across a pair of boiots, in which Were found bonds which' : ' Jiad been / .stolen from a New York bariik' tWenty-one years before. The unrolling of an Egyption mummy, supposed to be that of a princess, disclosed a .curious fraud. The priests who did the embalming probably spoiled or mislaid che body intrusted to them, and for they substituted that of an ordinary negro. ;Many of the pleasure gardens and castles of the Japanese nobles are now turned into parks and schools, and used for other;.public purposes. :Speaking, from the point of view of numbers, the largest medical consul tat ti6n ever held was that recently con vened in China, around the bedside of. - member of the Imperial family. There were 324 physicians present ; but the patient lived, after all. Nearly every Japanese trading junk has it's cat, because.. cats have the power to chase away the Orbake,. the " honourable ghosts " of men drowned at' sea. A cat of three colours is best but any cat is better than none, and is' sure of kind treatment: .At Schillgallen, in Germany, lately; an old gentleman of seventy- three, named Jurklies,. who had already buried three wives, proposed to a fourth. She told 'h'ini ' he was too "old, whereupon he ' went' into a neighbouring forest and hanged himself. The greatest astronomers, speculat- 1 ing upon what there, is in space and the distance . of external galaxies, cal culate that: . the nearest external universe is so : far distant that light from it, travelling at the speed of 186,000 miles a second, would take nearly ninety million years to reach us. Berlin is said to be the healthiest city in the world. Windsor dastle }iaa|been ij&ed; as a royal residence; for 784 years, Catherine the Great never " forgot a face or a name. Scientists predict that in a century there will be no disease that will not curable. In England more champagne is drunk than in any other country of the world. iln Siam, until a few years ago, a heavy tax was levied on umbrellas. Every umbrella carrier had to pay. In the year 401 the Black Sea was frozen over for twenty days, and men crossed from Asia Minor to the Orimea. here are about 100,000 islands, lar ^ • and small scattered over the ocean. America alone has 5,500 around it's There are forty- eight different materials used in the construction of a piano from no fewer than sixteen countries.,,,^-: The price of a wife ia Ziiluland twenty years ago was six cows, with their calves, A Missouri murderer has been, on conviction, senenced to ninety.nine years in the penitentiary. A publican at Hanworth, Middlesex, England, has a phenomenal pig, which measures nine feet in? length, ;, seven feet in girth, and weighs j- something like 80 stone. Pakoi, in China, exports over one hundred thousand dried lizards, valued at five hundred pounds, yearly. They are used ior making " lizard wine," a medicine for eye troubles. There are practically no oaths in the Japanese language. About the most emphatic remark available for use, even by jihrikisha men in 'a street blockade, is " shinksu u or beast." The Empress of China has started a vast silkweaving department, in which employment will be given to thousands of girls aDd women. The industry will be carried on in the palace grounds, which her Majesty, by Chinese custom, is forbidden to leave. It may be remembered (says an Eng lish Exchange) that early last year the ;Austtalian : Colfmes in^ted; 'the ipt&gand; •: P'iphess 'hi York~ti> visit .tie Antipodes, and the.B^iiije* respond that* in-that year it. wtt£impossib&,'' leaving it an open question for this year. It is now stated that circumstances have again arisen which will prevent the Duke and Duchess of York travelling so far away for another year. 