A MINISTER'S MARRIAGE. CLAIiKE V. CLACKS. DIVORCE COURT PROCEEDINGS. THE RESPONDENT'S VERSION OP TIIE TROUBLE. The hearing cf the divorce suit of Clarke v. Clarke. In which Annie Clarke petitions for p. dissolution of her marriage with tho Rev. Jo-mos Clarke on the ground that he had as- faulted and cruelly beaLcn her. was resumed by Mr. Justice Windeyer yesterday. Mr. A. G. Ralston (instructed by Messrs. White and Wohiienholme) appeared for the petitioner. The respondent, the Rev. James Clarke, ap peared in person. Before the proceedings commenced, Mr. Clarke bitterly complained thai lie had been subjected to the indignity of being searched by a police officer on the ground that ho was suspected of carving a revolver. He wanted to know whom they thought he wished to kill, and stated that lie had never car ried a revolver outeido his own house. Ills Honor said that it luul come to the knowledge of tho Court that he had a revolver, and any police constable in sucli circumstances had a right to search him. On .Mr. Ralston's application, his Honor made an order against the respondent for a further undertaking to pay £20 for costs, mak ing die total sum £50. Mr. llaJstori tlicm called Mrs. Amelia, Ann Atinesloy, Die mother of tho petitioner. Jaho stated that a month after her daughter re turned from her honeymoon, which was spent In New Zealand, she was at their house, and Mr. Clarke expressed o, wish for some lun cheon. It was brought him, amd then lie sold he would like a couple of eggs beaten up with milk. Then he altered his miud, and said he thought a little whisky would do him more good. He poured some into his wife's glass of tonic water, and witness said "Don't do that, please, Annie Is not accustomed to \Vi...,kj. -Mi:?. «_,l;:rk» lefi ihe room for a I 1 I 11 I |r ed some more whisky into his wife's glass, replying to witnesses' remonstrances by re marking that he knew best what was suffi cient for his wife, and witness nci»«t»M out to him that this might be a conmlem-miKnt cf ah evil habit. Witness also objected lo him putting his wife into hypnotic sleeps, which he did by staring at her. and holding his arm out In sdff manner, at the same time putting out his nght leg also in a stiff manner. After she objected to him mesmerising his wife he did 11?,. IK,t ft" i" witness's presence again. Witness did not frequently visit her daughter mVieL.tliat: ai J5he knew Mr- Clarke bad ax objection to her coming there, and he would r>er"l!t ker to speak to her daughter except in her presence. Before her marriage, 9Iark0 never walked In her sleep, nor saw visions, and she had not done so since t h?r kusband's house. Mrs. Clarke's sister Jessie, frequently stayed with her, and was there on the 14th October. On the Satur- <U> before -Mrs. Clarke left Iter home, witness t0, hor and knocked at. the back '1 thereupon Mr. Clarke raised the window blind, and she saw that he was nude to his waist.. He said. "I have been having a bath. Ill dress and come to you." He then looked through the stained glass panes in the door, and remarked. "We are without, a girl; that one we had was dirty; she stole, she thieved out of my study, and I dismissed her." IIo added that ho would go and dress, and left the door. Witness then heard a weak cough, and sobs coming from Mrs. Clarice's room, oiic called out to her daughter, and asked why she was crying, nnrl she said she was not well, and that she wanted to get home, and had wanted to do so ever since Thursday night. \\\ Itness said, "Come to the door," but Mrs. Clarke replied, "I can't, mother, I'm naked." Mr. Clarke was Interuptlng during this con- versation by telling witness to go away for he did not want her there, as she came at the wrong time, adding, "Come to-morrow, and you shall see your daughter." Witness re plied, If my daughter in unwell. T hnvo n right to see her." He replied, "She is my i?\ sho shaI1 oky G-" He also said to his wife, "But, your arms round me, dear, and love nie as you always do," and witness heard he daughter say, "I can't. I cau t. Then their voices died away up tho passage, as he had taken Mrs. Clarke to. her own room. Mrs. Clarke afterwards said that during the conversation her husband shook his finger menacingly at her. and told her to hush. On the following day Mrs. Clarke was taken from her husband's house. When witness said she had come to take her home Mrs. Clarke replied, "Mother, Mr. Clarke has boon much hotter this morning, much kinder to tne and I promised I would not leave him." She then appeared to be In a dazed condition and remained so ail Sunday, Monday, and Tues day, and did not get out of it until the fol lowing Wednesday night. She was also In a weak bodily condition for some time after wards. In cross- examination the first question tho respondent asked the witness was, "Are you my mother-in-law?" His Honor: Oil, what's the good of asking such questions. Of course,! know she's your mother-in-law. Mr. Clarke: Well, really, and actually, she is my mother-in-law, because I would not Irive gone to law but for her. Now. Mrs. Anneslcy during the 10 or II years you have known me was I not kind, and were you not fond of me yourself? — I never disliked you. This is the first marriage in your family, is It not? It was your first experience as » mother-in-law when you got me as a son-in- law. Now, was it not a joke my putlln whisky in Annie's glass, and did you not all '!» as a sort or honey- moon joke, and now you are trying to make out that I was trying to intoxicate her?— No I did not regard it as a joke. Now. did you not tell mo It was a great re- sponsibUity for your daughter, and that you wished I had married her sister Jessie?— I never said you should marry Jessie, But didn't you say she was young and inex perienced, and was not a good housekeeper9— No; I never said she was not a good house keeper, but I wished the marriage postponed for some months. > "Anddldn't you always want to manage our house?— No, I did not. AVeren't you always suggesting things I should do?— No; but you used to rub your fin ger on the mantelpiece or sideboard and say, "Look at this dust, what a nice housekoeper I ;havo got," and I used to say, "How eaa you expect a young thing like that to do all the work of this house?" Did you ever know her to sulk?— No. I never knew her to sulk in her life. Didn't you toll me sho sulked when you at first declined to consent to our marriage?— No I sald she moped, and lay on the sofa. ' ' Well, what is the difference between moping and sulking?— Well.I don't know, quite. His Honor: Do you mean that she was sor- rowful ana depressed in spirits?— Yes. your Honor. Mr. Clarko: Did you enter into a conspiracy tohrealc into my house ana break the law? His Honor: Do you want her to express an opinion about the law of tho matter? So far as it has gone I think sho wna quite justified. Mr. Clarke: But your Honor is expressing an opinion without having heard tho whole ovldence, and there is an old maxim "Audi alteram partem." His Honor: Yes; but I am doing nothing of the kind; and, of course, you shall be heard. Jessie Atmesley, the daughter of last witness, and elder sister of the petltlouer, suited that on the 17th October last she saw Mr. Clarko strike her sister on the side of the neck w tli his walking stick, and she hud heard him scold her and say the plates were dirty, when they were perfectly clean. He treated her as a servant rather than as a wife, and frequently hypnotised hor. and on one oc casion made her walk out iuto tho cemetery. If ut any tltno she did not come to her meals he used to hypnotise her and make her go out. On tho night of the 14th October witness was awakened by Mr. Clarhe entering her room, and he wanted to lie down . beside her. She told hint to leave the room, jwt he refused to do so, saying that he would do her no harm, as he never hurt anybody. On the 17th of the same month he locked Mrs. Clarke up In her room, and then behaved very Indecently to wards witness and begged hor to go to his bed. The next morning she left tho house as oarlv as she could. Mrs. Clarke heard him come into witness's room, and when she came to tho uuor ami saw mm sitting on the bed she screamed, and said sho would dress and go home to her mother at once. He then took Mrs. Clarke back to her room, and told her she was a "little silly." Witness never knew her sister to walk in her sleep or have visions before she was married, and sho had not done so since she left her husband. Cross-examined by .Mr. Clarke: Do you re member your mother saving I had a very won derful wife on account of her going Into these trances, and that I ought to be proud of her?— No, I don't. It Is alleged that T starved your sister. Now, do you not know that she sulked and would not take food?— I don't think It was sulks; It was becuuso she was grieved at the way you spoke to her. On tho Mill October did I not come into your room to get some things out of .a drawer; and didn't I pans some joke to you?— I know you laid your face on mine. I didn't hear any joke. What did I actually do? — You laid your face on mine, and nulled mo a "darling," and wanted to lie down ou the bed, I told you to leave the room, and then my sister eamo to the door. Did I ever treat you in such a way as a gen tleman should not treat his sister?— I do not think It proper of you to enter my room. Oh, it's only lately you have Imagined these things. This closed tho ease for the petitioner. The respondent then wont Into the box, and stated that after ills marriage and on their re turn home from the honeymoon, one night in the early part of April, when he and his wife were in bed, either before or a few minutes after midnight his wife suddenlv aroused him, aliel said she saw a woman in the room with long dark hair. The tone sho spoke in was one tn fill n nnrunit wliL "nfiumu" fit asked her where It was. and she said the figure appeared on her side of the bed. He said It was only fancy; "shut your eyes, and It' will go away." She did so, and com menced to shiver, and when he asked if "it" was still there, she said "yes." In a state of nervous trepidation he got up and lit the g»s, and then she still saw the form looking at her. In about 20 minutes "It" faded away. In tlie morning she looked ill and worn, and he told her not to do any housework, but to como into his study where Jm had a number or letters to write. Ho placed her in a largo easy chair, and went on with his writing, speaking to her now and then. Hv and by his attention way attracted to his wife, whom ho totuid in a sort of trance condition. He con tinued: "I wont down upon mv knees, and said Anulo.' and aim answered like one speak ing from a far distance, and said: 'Who is that?' I asked 'what is the matter'." and she said, 'who arc you speaking?" I told her who i was. and sho replied: 'i don't know you.' I said 'who un you, then?' She said I am in the spirit world.' " That, was the first I knew about what they say with regard to hypnotism. But t discovered that 1 had tho power with regard to her; but I never had It with regard to anybody else that I know of. After she went into a trance that first time— 1 was then writing at. Uih desk— f found that she would go off into a trance at my will, and sometimes— not always — i found her lu that condition voluntarily, without my inter- ferexiCB at all, and occasionally she used to go off before other people, and I have witnesses to prove that. In the early part of April sho took to sleep-walking. Whether she did so before marriage or not I cannot say; but I know from experience that sho dld.lt after- ward?. The first time she took to sleep-walk ing was a week after this, and the nlglit be fore she sleep-walked she saw this . scsac 'woman" leading a child by tho hand. She was very frlghtoued, and I lit the gas, and told her it was only a fancy. I believe 1 said: 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, begone!" and she said she saw tho spirit fluttering out through tho closed Vene tian-shutters. That was the way, she said, the spirit always came and went. Tho first time ohe sleep-walked was about a week after she first saw the spirit, and she went out Into the cemetery in her nightgown, and sat on a tombstono for a long while. I wakened and missed her from the bed, and found the place where she had been Iyiug was cold. I got up, put on my coat, and went wit. I found tho side door open, and the key gone out of the lock. I went out as far .13 tho cemetery, and heard sotneouo moaning, and saw a white figure sitting on a tombstone. I got somewhat nervous myself; however, I went up, and found it was my wife. She was weeping, and when I spoke to her sho answered, and said that a beautiful girl was talking to her, and had counselled hor to destroy herself. She had been reading In the paper a few days be fore about some young married lady who had committed suicide at Ennwre. 1 got her back, and In the morning she knew nothing at all about It. Frequently from that day forth she walked in her sleep. She says herself that one morning sho found her blue serge dress and her shoes and stockings wet and muddy, because she had been out walking in her sleep during the night, and It had rained. My only reason for locking her In her room was for her own safety and protection. Wo were only a short distance from the railway lino, and coal trains wero continually passing backwards and forwards. When she was in this hypnotic con dition she used to toll me whore she had been and what she had been doing during her sleep walking, and what had happened. With regard to lier housekeeping, I can only t»ay that she was young and inexperi enced, and— 1 won't say she did so always wil fully—her untidy habits have caused me pain, for I was not used to that kind of thing. Mr, Clarko went on to say that his wife had a habit of sulking whenever she was spoken to He had "implored her with tears in his eyes" not to sulk, as he thought nothing Irritated a man more than sulking. At any rate, no thing irritated him more, and his wife know he had hail a great deal of trouble about a sum of £500 for which ho was responsible In connection with a church at Rockdale. He w,u> enargtu wuii insanity, but if there were any mental aberrations he did not recollect them at all. Tie h:wl no recollection whatever of dulitK these cruel thlnqs with which he had been charged (here Mr. Clarke's voice became almost Inaudible from emotion), or threaten ing to pull his wife's tongue out by the roots. What with the worry he had over tiiese church matters, ami the trouble about his wife going out, he was perhaps a little more worried than usual, hut he never consciously or willingly Injured his wife in any way. He denied that ho had over given his wife moro than one bath In his !Ue. With regard to Uio statement that he had starved his wife, tho fact was that tho servant girl had cooked an Irish stew, and as tho chair Mrs. Clarko was seated on was not comfortable ho asked her to take an easy chair, which v/as away from the table. She had declined to eat anything, as, In fact, sho way sulking because sho had been asked to tidy the chest of drawers. On tho night of October 19 ho v/as late going to bed. It was about 12.30, and just before ho retired ho thought he heard the side door open, and went outside to see what was the matter, and found his wife in the paddock without anything on her. When she got into these trances she wanted to rush outside without anything on her head, as the spirits, she said, were calling her. This was when she went Into trances herself, without him hypnotising her. Before he got to her in tho paddock this night sho appeared tn bo rolling on the ground, and he had great difficulty in getting her Inside. When he had .succeeded in doing so he put her into the first room he came to, which was tho ser vant's room. There were bedclothes in that room. On tho following morning he found she was a little bruised. There was a small bruise on her cheek ami a small cut on the thigh. There always were bruises on her waist, caused by the light stays she wore, which he had complained of long before. When his mother-in-law came lo the house he had a bath towel round his shoulders, and he did not open the door because his wife was ner vous and hysterical, on account of her going out 1 1) i previous night, and lie wished to avoid a scene. His mother-in-law spoke hastily and Impetuously, and demanded to come in as a right, and ho replied firmly, but quietly, that she could not cotne in. but could come on the following day. Hi.; wife juiid something about wishing to go homo, but It wns all a whim and fancy, on account of her hvslerieal condi tion, and to avoid any unpleasantness he took hor arm and led her Into tho other room. Later on he gave her a warm bath, and that was tho only occasion that he ever gave her a bath. Ho did pour a bucket of cold water on her after she had had the hot. bath, but not in tho manner she had described. He had simply poured the water over her to prevent her from taking cold. That evening Dr. Buc kle called, but his wife declined to see film. Witness had put a piece of court plaster on thu cut on her thigh. It was only a liule cut and, so far us he know, site did It herself when In tho paddock. Mr. Clarke then pro- cooded at groat length to describe tho cir- cumstances under which his wife was removed from his house, and, continuing, said that, as to tho matter about the drawer, he h?.<i tnlil Mrs. C!urke to clear everything out of it, as it was untidy, before the new servant girt came, and sho sulked at being spoken to. Ho and her sister had often spoken of his wife's sulking and of her strange fancies about her seeing spirits and walking in her sleep and losing her Identity, and he remembered remar king to Jessie Anneslcy that it would be easy to make people beliovo that Annie was Insane, and sho agreed with him that it. would be easy to put hor in tho nsylmn, but he thanked God ho had never put anyone In a lunatic asylum. Ho sworo ho had never behaved lu an indeli cate or unpen tlemanly way towards his sister- in-law. or behaved in any way other than as a brother should behave towards a sister, and if she spoko the truth sho would have said so. Ills wifo had stated that she had rolled 150 yards tn tho paddock, but he had measured tho place, and found It was only (It yards in length. Mr. Clarko then called several witnesses, mainly to show that ho had been kind to his wife, and that she had suffered from hallucina tions and fallen In trances voluntarily, with out his exercising any mesmeric influence over her. Ho then proceeded to address his Honor at length, but had not concluded his remarks when tho Court rose. 