THE PRIMATE. The Primage arrived at Wollongong on Saturday afternoon on a short visit to this district. During his etiy in town ho is the guest of the Rev. F. K. Elder. On Satur day evening ho preached t - a fiirly largo congregation in bt. Michael's Church, hfs remarks being specially directed to those who the fol'owing day were tD bo con firmed. On Sunday morning, at tho 11 o'c'ock service, the church was crowded. Fourteen female and nine mal'! candidates present id themselves for confirmation, which cere mony was impressively perfurmed by the Primate, who' afterwards earnestly ad dressed the young pooplo upon the sacred and important duties which tbey had taken upon themselves. Tho Primata took as the tixt for his Bermon the expression in the Benedictory Prayer about ' increasing in God's Holy Spirit evory day,' and in con nection therewith consiiored tho 20 h and 21st verses of Juda — ' Bu1: ye, beloved, building up yourselves 011 your most h.'ly faith, praying iti tha Holy Ghost, keop yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of onr Lord Jesus ChrUt untj eternal life.' In tho afternoon the Primate preached at Figt-eo to a congregation which tilled tho schoolroom. On Sunday evening ho again occupied the pulpit at St. Miohael's, a very largo congre gation being pro.ent. The subject of his discourse on this' occasion; was tho 14th verso of John xvi. — ^'^?le shall gl -rify Me, for He shall receive of mine, and shall show it unto you.' The preacher said the highest and deepest manifes'ation of God in relation to man wa'i the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, and. ho directs 1 at'eut'on specially to tho aspect 'f tho Holy Spirit as the intirpreter of truth by the glorifying of Christ. He treated tho6u jjct under three heads, namely — The Spiiit's mission, t:ie Spirit's testimony, and the Spirit's power ; dealing with each of those ihrer. pointi with exceeding earnestness and in language forcible in its simplicity. In concluding he siid that the expression ' I b lieve in the Holy Ghoit,' bo oft in ropeatid whs, as a rule, very lightly said. Let them try to realise more what they were saying when these words were repent d. God was not only above us, hut wHi us, and within us. Ho was the Saviour of tie world and Father of the Son Incarnate. ;Hb had tried to show huw the Father, the Son, and tho Sp'rit were blended into the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It wis net by mere in tellect, genius, ors'udy that they'could know Christ, but to know Htm practically and rightly in tho manifertition of his love t ? the human raee was freelv given to one and all. Christ was the Way, the Truth, and the Life.' To-morrow tbe Primate will conduct a confirmation service at S*. Augustine's, Bull', and aftorwards attend the annua' tea meeting to be held in the Oldfell .ws' Ha 1, \fhere he will deliver an address. 