SHORT STORY. MY NARROW ESCAPE. I never told anybody how very, very neat } was to death that night, juet a year ago; lint as I can now look back and calmly recall eaoh thought, each word, each act, I ithjnk I will write it down as s warning to jail who may find themselves similarly circumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that ithe number may be few. I - In the first place, my name is Frederick 'Putnam. I am, and have been for the laat ten years, the foreman and book-keeper of the large lumbering establishment of William Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decade,unless something better turns up. Mr. Wineton is the resident partner ana manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm,of which there are two, live in the city, &t; the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest share of what the mill outs, although the amount of our sales directly from the mill, to supply the country to the west of ns, is quite large. Well, one cold September evening, jnst as I was .preparing for home, I heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, well-dressed man, with a email travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone—Mr. Winston having gone to the house same half an hour before, locking the safe, in -which we kept our books and papers, and taking tbe key with him as usual. I had already closed the damper to the stove, pnt on my overcoat, and was juet in the act of turning down the lamp—but, of course, I waited. " Good evening, sir," said tbe man. bustling tip to the stove, and kicking the damper open with his right foot. "Has Winston gone to the house?" 1 answered that be had. " When 7 I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch—a very fine one, I thought. "I ehall not have time to go np," he said, "The train is due in fifteen inin- utes." " I there anything I can do for you ?" I asked. *'I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended io stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch that calls me heme." " What name, sir ?" " Anderson, of Andersonville/* I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I said had been, for the reason that during the past y:ar he bad not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston bad that very day told me to write him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breaet pocket of my overcoat. "Toucanleave the money with me, sir, and I will give yon a receipt." He eeemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone since, however. "How much is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance net more than half an hour before: "Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." " Humph 1 less than I supposed. Write out a receipt for that amount. 1 ' He left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt. " It iB all right, Mr. Putnam. I know yon now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature anywhere." He drew from an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and full, and counting out eleven different piles of bank-notes, be told me to run tbem over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained jnst twenty ten poand notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them; but at last we got it eo that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travelling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-ehake was ofi on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as Winston's house was at least a mile distant, I concluded to keep it until morning, when I could deposit it in tbe bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the office key from tbe nail just over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper cn the floor, which, on pic-king up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for tbe day had gone out on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a huriy that night, for I had an appointment ; and I may as well state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding place, ate my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel eaey about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as ehe was expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlGr. I do not think a repetition of our conversation would be very interesting, eo I will pass over it, merely remarking thbt nothing occurred to disturb me until I arose to take my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them on by the warm fire, but she came back with only my h&t.; " Why, Fred, you certainly did not venture out cn such a night as this without an overcoat ?" " No coat!" I exclaimed, in a dazedeort of s way—for the thought of the money, Sashing upon me eo suddenly,had almost Btunned me. The next moment I tore past her like a madman, as 1 was. The coat was gone 1 Then I was unnerved. I graeped at the stair-rail, and caught it just in time to support myself. Carrie came running out, her fa.ee turning pale with alarm. " Oh, Fred! are you eiek ? Let me c-all mother and the doctor. Tou are as white as a sheet," " No, no, Carrie 1" I entreated. " There, I am better now." And I was better. I was strong, all at once—desperately strong. And what brought about this change? The simple receipt which I had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing to show that the money had been paid, and was not my unaided word as good aB his ? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I am much better now. The room was too warm, 1 guess. So come sneak-thief has dodged in and stolen my coat 1 Well, let it go. It W&B; only an old one, and I'll have a better. 7 ' " But was there anything in your peoketa?" asked Came. It is strange how suspicious guilt will , make ns. I really thought that Carrie su«- ipected me, and an angry reply was on the Send of my tongue. I suppressed it, (however, and uttered & falsehood ic. IsteBd. ; " Nothing of consequence, Carrie, A sona jpair of gloves and some other tri!lii\i.r 'notions." " I am glad it is no worse, I;a]. Now, if ?ou will wait juet a taoi&eat.; I will get j uu one of father's coats to wear home. Thus equipped I left her. You may guess that my slumbers that ni^ht were not very sound, nor very refreshing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. " Why, Fred, you look as though you had met a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. " What is the m&ttc-r; 1" "I have had a bad night of it," I answered, with a sickly smile. "And you'll have another, if you're not careful. You had better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to A'idtreon ?" I do not know how I manured to reply, fo: the question eet me to shivering from Si ad to foot, and I was eo wetk that £ CJJid scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the a&irmaiive;, however, for he eaid: " Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next dny?" Immediately after he added, " Why, Fred, you shiver as though you hed tbe ague, and you are sweating like a butcher 1 You're sick, man. Come ! jump into my carri8ge,and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I locked myself in. Winston sent a doctor round, but I refused to see him. Then he came himself, but 1 would not open ihe door. The landlady came, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah 1 those were terrible hours that I passed and the night coming on brought m-8 uo reiief. Can ycu not gueES what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at last reBolvcd upon Belf-de6truction. I commenced my preparations with tbo same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the moBt common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Wineton, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope X enclosed the receipt to Mr. Andereon. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was Eimply a revolver, small and insignificant enough in appearance, but all sufficient. Having c-xamined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 eat down before the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been lifeless, but juet as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I could admit no one." " Not me, Fred ?" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her lr.ved face got tbe mastery of me. Qiietlv slipping the tell-tale letters, which 1 had bit on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. ''• Oh, Fred! you are real sick.'' exolaimed Carrie, the moment tbe light Jell on my f8ce. " Why did you not sent for me? Aren't you better 7" " Worse," I answered, huskily ; " but Carrie—good Heaven's!" As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward ; and then—I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat I Recovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and tbrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred ana fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or the j wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the I grotesque dancing of savages. Well, judging I from what Carrie told me and from tbe ap- ] pearance of my apartment after it was all | over, T am led to believe that, were it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into one, tbeir capering and dancing would appear tame in comparison with mine that night. But I cooled down atrer a while, and just in time to save Carrie's head a thump from tbe chair or the wasbstand. which I had selected as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a email fortune was lying idly in one o! the pockets. Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the affair, but I was next door to it. I made a clean breast of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at eelf destruction. No one ever guessed that part of it, nnd I tell it to-day for the iirsi time. 1 Bent Mr. Anderson bis rrceipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, 1 ehall lead Carrie to the altar. 