FARM AND STATION. THE FARMERS AND. THE HE CIPROGITY TREATY. The Premier probably regrets that he was not thousands of miles avray from Hobart when he concluded hiB famous clandestine provisional treaty with a New Zealand Minuter—not with New Zealand. At heart he must feel that he made a great mistake on that occasion. His action was an unstateBmanlike blunder, and a blunder committed at the worst of times. At the very moment when the representa tives of the colonies on the Australian continent were debating the best meauB of securing a mutual alliance Mr. King ston was arranging, with an agent from a colony beyond the oontment, a Bcheme under wbioh South Australia would be even more isolated from her immediate neighbours than she is now. Remorse for this unfriendly performance should be sufficient to move Mr. Kingston to re gretful expressions, but the chief source of his disappointment must be the dis trustful and unappreciative way in which his much-vaunted compact is re garded in his own colony. Doubt less this reflection assisted in making him uncomfortable whilst a deputation of Dr. Cockburn's constituents protested against the treaty. These gentlemen were naturally enough animated by self interest—a feature of their case whioh Mr. Kingston turned against them with characteristic adroitness — but numerous otlior colonists, individually disinterested, are forced by conviction to adopt con clusions similar to those which the depu tation urged u pon the Premier. Annoyed and depressed by this knowledge, no wonder that the Minister sought to extri cate himself from an embarrassiDgposition by a speech which was acuriousadmixture of inaocuracy, sophistry, bluff, and self contradiction. The self-contradiction took the form of a praotical defence of five-trade prin ciples. In itself this advocacy was satisfactory, but coming from Mr. King ston it was astonishing. When the Premier appeared recentlr upon a certain uncongenial puhlio platform he humor ously alluded to au enquiry addressed to him by a candid frieud—"Is Saul also among the prophets i" That question may well be repeated when we see the gentleman who has plumed himself upon being an Arch-Protectionist declaiming -against the folly of the State in fostering exotio industries. Mr. Kingston was in 1887 a prominent member of the Govern ment wbioh did more in this very direc tion than any other Administration has ever accomplished in South Australia. The tariff of that year provided most unmistakably a legislative stimulus for exotic iudustries. We are, of course, in agreement with the Premier in his ex posure of an essential fallacy of the Pro tectionist argument, and we. trust, now that he has apparently recanted his fiscal errors, to Bee him bringing forth legislative fruits meet for repentance. An exception, j however," must be taken in connection with one part of his free-trade declara tion. In predicting the results likely to follow the removal of intercolonial barriers he stated that one would be < to seriously handicap South Australian barley-growers competing with those in j Victoria. Such remarks as these are not j apt to enhance the federal movement in public estimation, even if they do not indicate an unworthy parochial Bpirit on the part of those making them. Federation can never be upheld by slired-and-patch arguments. The great dominant fact in relation to the whole matter is that the all-round gains from federation—the gains in corporate free dom and in unfettered commerce—will in the end far outweigh the individual losses temporarily incidental to it. The deputation protested against the ratifica tion of the treaty with New Zealand on the ground that if effect were given to it their occupation as growers of barley would be gone, because they could not compete with New Zealanders. Re garded from a national standpoint this representation amounts to a confes sion that, barley-growing in the district concerned is a failure, and any logician would advise the deputation to devote their energies to some other pursuit. But the men who spoke yesterday have undoubtedly a grievance when their cise is viewed in the light of "the settled protectionist policy of the country." They have to pay more for their machinery, amongst other tilings, to enable colonists engaged in the production of those articles to secure a bonus, and yet their own partial quid pro quo is to be with drawn. Apart from the strictly econo mical aspect of their position, they have some claim on public attention when they complain of having been deluded by J the Legislature through a Customs tariff into incurring special expenditures to conduct an industry which they imagine that the same Legislature, by means ! of the New Zealand treaty, will now! destroy. The mostimpressive feature at thedepu- J tation referred to was the coolly confi dent fashion in which the Premier spoke of the treaty as though he believed there 1 was some reality in it. If Mrl Kingston ! bas not been convinced to the contrary by his observations here, that conviction should be inevitable after be has resdtlie numerous protests which the mere idea of the agreement bas evoked in the New Zealand newspapers. There seems to be not a ghost of a chance of the treaty being accepted by the Wellington Parlia ment, and Mr. Kingston's obvious attempt to indicate that South Australia is to get the better of the bargain is : not likely "to oheck the New Zealandere' depreciation of- the trans action. The ■ Premier still talks as if he fancies that the treaty will be a help to federation and a thing beneficial to the South Australian winegrowers; but he must be jesting. " Free trade," says he, "is a corollary of federation." Yet the treaty declares that for seven years this colony shall not do certain important business on equal terms with any other Australian province. How, then, could South Australia federate with its neighbours if the New Zealand agreement were ratified ? As for the position of the vignerons, it might be an immediate advantage to them if they could seoure the whole of: the wine and fruit trade of the island colony in addition to the business now done by them with the other parts of Australia. Already, however, residents of Victoria and other colonies are adopt ing practical measures to retaliate upon South Australian gardeners and wine makers. Supposing that treaties were made in Western Australia, Victoria, Tasmania, and Queensland, for instance, against our wines and fruits, would not the producers of such articles lose more through being Bhut out of those placeB than they would gain from being admitted without competitors into New Zealand 1 As suredly, and the people indicated deserve to be credited with more acumen and foresight than they would possess if they were deluded when their position under the treaty was misrepresented by the Premier, either in optimism or in diplomacy. 