SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes of the New York Polite. CHAPTER I. rilE -IIADOW OF A CRIfME. The city of Washington was shaken to its foundation by the announcement of three sta tli lg events which had happened almost simultaneously. Tno three announcements were totally different in character, seeming, to the stranger who chanced to read the paper that morning, to bear no relation whatever to each other. Perhaps they did not; mayhap it was only the coincidence of affairs which a:nt such a tremor along the thoroughfares of that cosmopolitan city ; and yet there were those who knew better, and who saw in them something more than coincidences. The three events were a murder, a suicide, and a wedding. These startling incidents occurred in widely different parts of the city, though all were in that portion of it which is known as the north-west. The first and most startling of all was the murder. Tne news fell like a thunder-bolt upon society, when through the columns of the morning papers it read that Brayton Russell, one of its chiefeat pets, had been, at forty-five minutes past ten the preceding evening, found dead, with the jewelled hilt of a stiletto gleaming against the bosom of his shirt, now stained crimson with his life blood. Investigation showed that the blade had pierced the young man's heart, and that he had died instantly-almost without pain other than the first agony of the 'hock. Toe body was found in the parlor of the suite which Mr Russell had occupied for two years, and more than the ordinary amoun. of mystery surrounded the unhappy event. There was no evidence whatever of a struggle. Russell was found in the same chair where he was sitting an hour before the discovery, at which time his valet had left him to execute a few commissions com manded by his master. It was the valet who made the discovery upon his return, but, fortunately for his own comfort, he was accompanied by a gentleman who had long borne very cordial andti friendly relations with the victim of this sudden and awful tragedy. The police were instantly notitied, and an investigation was at once begun. It ended, however, with but little more than has been already told, and the otficers of the law became, with every move they made, more and more mystified. When the valet loft his master, in order to execute the commissions given him, the latter, fully arrayed in evening dress, was lying back in his favorite chair, smoking a cigar which he had just Lighted. It was half-past nine, or about that time, when the valet went out. It was forty-tive minutes past ten when he returned and found MIr Russell stabbed through the heart, yet still reclining in almost the same position in which the servant had last seen him. The cigar which he had been engaged in smoking was lying on the floor beside the chair. It had ceased to burn, but beneath it was a round spot as large as a silver-dime, where the fire had singed the nap of the heavy moquette carpet. There was an ash a quarter of an inch long on the end of the cigar, but no ashes were scattered in the vicinity of the spot where it had fallen, showing that there had been none upon it when it fell from the nerveless lingers of the murdered man. Beside him, on a little smoking-table, was a silver ash-receiver, and upon that was one deposit only from the cigar which, lying upon the door, presented such mute yet conclusive evidence of the suddenness and accuracy with which the death-dealing blow had been astruck. This une deipnit of ashes upon the receiver measured three-quarters of an inch in length, was regular and on. broken, showing that the smoker had been absorbed in the enjoyment of his cigar wken death, unannounced, was ushered in. Experts gave it as their opinion that the man had been dead about an hour when the body was discovered, and thus it became evident that the fatal event must have taken place within a very few iminutes after the valet left his master to carry out the in structions he had received. The gentleman who returned with the valet was Manuel Navarro, a Castilian of noble family, who was at the time enj ,ying Washington society in the capacity or special envoy of the King of Spain to conclude some diplomstic negotiations between his country and the United States. Although a Spaniard, he spoke English with all the fluency of a native, and amid the "spoiling" and the tlattery that had been his portion during the few months of his residence in the national capital, a strong friendship had sprung to life between him and the young man who was so suddenly and foully murdered. There was a little gleam of sudden emotion in the Castilian's eyes when they fell upon the jeweled hilt of the stiletto, but he matde no remark concerning the weaponuntil some time afterward, when circumstances com pelled him to do so. But during the firet hours of investigating the horror, the hand some face and flashing eyes of Manuel sNavarro were often turned toward that dainty but fatal weapon, end at such times an inscrutable expression flitted like a fore boding shadow across his features. The valet was positive that his master was alone in the apartment when he left him, and no one in the house had seen anu unknown person arrive at or depart from the building during the time he was absent. The few who had been seen were constant callers at different appartments in the build ing, or, hke the murdered man, lived there, or without exception satisfactorily accountes for every moment of the time during which the crimne must have taken place. Ihe valet was equally certain that he had never seen the stiletto before, and that it was not the property of Mr Russell, and had never been among his effects. The perpetrator of tne dastardly crime had come and gone, and left no clue behind save death and the jeweled weapon which might or might not be traced to Its owner. Like a spirit of evil the assassin had descended upon the haute, and departed with the noise less and untraceable tread of a ghost. Brayton Russell was dead-murdered, for suicide was not to be thought of in the premises. For a long time he had reigned, a prince among his fellows. Handsome, dashing, rich, full of life and animation, and genial to all alike, he had been petted and spoiled, made much of and denied, until his word had becomine the law of his set, of which he was the recognised and unrivaled leader, A bachelor just past his thirtieth birthday, he had long been the intended prize of design ing mammas and the favorite gallant among the beautiful creatures who reigned as belles of Washington society. The news of his death, therefore, caused a shock impoible to describe. Toe manner of his death horrified everybody. The mystery surrounding It assumed more than the ordinary proportions when it was re. membered that he had not an enemy in the world, and that no one could assign a possible motive for the terrible crime, and thus suggest a cuine to the perpetrator. Then, with a shudder the reader of the morning paper glanced at the heading of another column on the same page, and only to be brought face to face with a new horror, equally inexplicable, if less mytserious than the other. CHAPTER II., LOINCIDENCI OF E2ENT'S. The other announcement was scarcely less startling and horrifying than the tfirsat. I: was headed, "Self-.Infliction," and the article told in detail of another dread event which had taken place presumably about the same hour as the murder. Shorn of nneoessury hyperbole, the aoonnt gave the following ?nformation: Thesse Orldo, a buhssihldl girl just past her teens, had at some time between the' hours of eight and eleven o'clock the preced ing evening, committed suicide while alone in her room in her mother's' mansion. She had dined alone at seven o'clock, her mother being absent from the city, leaving her, therefore, alone'in the .:reat house, except for the presence of a half dozen servants, among those being a young lady's maid. Theresa seemed to be in her usual health and spirits at dinner-time, and from the tab!e had gone to the parlor, and spent fifteen or twenty minutes in playing upon the piano. Then, singing gayly, she had gone to her room, after telling her maid that she might make what use she chose of the evening, as her services would not be re quired before eleven. That was the last seen of her alive. At eleven precisely the maid presented herself at the door of her mistress's room, and receiving no reply to her summons, entered softly, expecting to find Miss Orlando asleep. For a moment the maid believed that she had been correct in her surmise, for her mis tress was lying fully dressed, upon the bed, with her face turned in the opposite direc tion. But there was something so death like and still about the tigure on the bed that the servant was alarmed. In another moment she knew the awful truth. Her mistress was sleeping that leep which knows no waking, and on the Ittor beside the bed were the shattered fragments of a wine glass. At first the servant made frantic efforts to arouse her mistress; then she ran screaming away, alarming the household and ultimately sending for the family physician, who fortun atcly lived quite near. When he came, a few moments of rapid investigation developed the following facts : A two ounce vial, one-third full of the tincture of aconite, was upon the dressing case, and the fragments of the wine glass found upon the floor, upon examination, noroe unmistakaule evidence that theglasshad contained the same baneful poison before it was broken. Still further investigation proved that Tnereva hal swallowed nearly an ounce and ahalf of the deadly drug, and had died al mot: instantly. There was not the slightest doubt of suicide in the minds of those who were familiar with the facts of the case, and yet 1u, cause could be assigned as a sufficient reason for the deed. Far from being a person who would con template such an act, Theresa Orlando was known to possess precisely the opposite characterlstics, always happy and vivacious, and never morbid or given to low spirits or moods. There was no love affair in her life which could have had this terrible effect upon her, and there was absolutely no reason known to her friends why she should not have chosen to live out her allotted years in pur suit of the pleasure which Nature and cir cum-t ncee hal set aside for her portion. Beautiful as an honri, and as dark-for she was born beside the Guadalquiver in sunny Spain- accomplished far beyond her associations, gifted by nature with a genial and happy temperament which made iler loved wherever she went, an heiress to wealth almost fabulous in amount, happy in her home and her surroundings, the pet of society and the acknowledged beauty of the season, the thought of death should never have come to her, much less that sort of death which finds its executor in one's own hand. Yet she was dead. Beside her the broken glass; on the dresser the uncorked vial partly tilled with poison, and the mute evidence everywhere expressed that she had herself decanted the deadly draught, carried it to the bed, and there, after assuming the position in which she wished to bo found, swallowed the poi son, and died. People who read both of the startling ac counts remembered vaguely that there had been rumors of an engagement between Brayton lRussell and Theresa Orlando. They were startled anew to think that both should have died at about the same hour, one by murder, foul and mysterious, the other by suicide inexplicable, and that scarcely a mile intervened between the houses where these two dread events oc curred. Tney shuddered anew when someone suggested that coincidence could not alone explain the double calamity; they won iered vaguely if collusion of purpose could, in any way, have actuated the advent of death, or have lent an impulse to either victim; they shuddered and sighed, they expressed regrets keenand piquant, they in dulged in useless and absurd theories, and then they turned with little zest, it is said, to the third sensation of the day. In its way this was equally startling, for it contained a surprise for which none of them had been prepared. Brietly, it was an announcement of mar riage. It told that the wedding ceremony nad been performed at six o'clock the pre vious evening between Manuel Navarro and Agnes Inez Orlando. Society knew that Navarro was Brayton Russell's most intimate friend ; society knew teat Agnes Inez Orlando was an own cousin to Tneresa; and in addition to the surprise felt at the marriage announcement, more or less compassilon was expressed for the two principals of the wedding, who, within a few hours, were confronted by death in its most revolting form. Tne surprise at the announcement of the wedding was occasioned by the positive &nowleage; on the part of many of the readers, that the bride was, at the time of her wedding, betrothed to another man, and that toe groom had, ever since his arrival in Wasnington, paid his court to auotner lady, and paid it so assinuously that quite a dtfferent wedding had many times oen confidently prophesied by the knowing giesips. Soctety had never suspected more than friendly intimacy between Manuel Navarro and his bride, and yet, without a word of warning, in the presence of half-a- dozen guests, friends of Misa Orlando, the two were made man and wife. Blly one stroke, almost, the columns of the mnorning papers removed four stars of the tfirst magnitude from the arena of social con q'est. Two by death and two by mar riage. Then people shuddered anew, for they re. membered the awful mystery surrounding the first announcement. They could not drive frem their minds the idea that there was something more than coincidenco in the triple event, Then they looked eagerly for the evening papers in the hope of gamning further news. But none was given them that is worthy of comment here, and their only recourse was to wait and observe. Nobody dreamed of the real causes of the events of that one night. Could they also have been given in yet another column the effect would have been indescribable. CHAPTER III. A LOvW INe THIE DARK Investigation of the double calamity de scribed in the foregoing chapters proved fruitless. The police department of the city of Washington confessed thatthey could find no clue whatever to the murder of Brayton Russell, and as alast resort gave out the opinion that the young man had doubtless committed suicide, although they had failed utterly to ascribe any motive for the act. Care was taken, owing to the exalted social position of the parties interested, not to insinuate the suggestion of collusion or unity of purpose between Russell and Theresa Orlando; and yet the opinion was general that if the theory of suicide was once established there could be no other ex planation offered. Tnere was those who did not admit that the theory of suicide was applicable to the case of Miss Orlando. They sooted the idea that she had taken her own life as ab surd in the extreme, and they argued with a great deal of force when reference was nmade to the knowncharacterisrios andhappy disposition of the young lady. Opinions were about equally divided among those who by reason of long acquain lance with the viotims of the double tragedy, felt a personal interest in the development of the case. Some believed that both Bray ton Busell ad Theresa Orlando were via tims of assassins; others suggested a double suicide with some motive at present un known, and a few still clung to the original idea' of murder and suicide, ascribing the simultaneousness of the events to mere coincidence. Tne necessary inquests were held, and a verdict of suicide was returned in each case. It is donbtful whether the coroner's jury would have so decided in the case of Brayton Russel had not a startling fact been estab lished during the investigation. The stiletto with which he had been stabbed was conclusively proven to have been the property of Theresa Orlando, and it was known to have been in her possession as late as the luncheon hour of the day upon which he was so suddenly and so mys teriously ushered into another world. The ownership of the weapon was first suggested by reason of the young lady's initials, which were engraved upon the hilt. Methodical inquiry followed, and brought out the developments named. Theorists were busy at once, some with wild conjecture, others with reasonable de ductions. Did Theresa Orlando, after dismissing her maid, go to the apartments of Brayton Russel, and after stabbing him to the heart return and take her own life in the manner described. As a matter of fact, each so-called revela tion which came to light in the investigation only served to deepen the mystery, and it was not until nearly two weeks had elapsed that the matter was brought to the official notice of Cnief Inspector Thomas Byrnes, of the New York polic. The case was, of course, out of his juris diction, yet the request for his co-operation came to him in sucn a manner that he was persuaded to asaume the direction of affair. in developing and solving the mysteries in which it was involved. A carriage stopped in lulberry-street at the door of Police Headquarters at five o'clock one afternoon. The footman entered toe white building bearing a sealed envelope in his hand. Ten minutes later he re appeared, hurrying down the steps, and uttered a few words to the occupant of the carriage, which was at once driven away. Tnao same evening, in his own parlor, the Coief Inspector received the person who had been an occupant of the carnage, nor did they separate until the gray dawn of morn ing had chased the shadows of night away. Then, ever tireless in the pursuit of his occupation, the otficial went at once to his office, and after giving directions that he should on no account be disturbed, spent a long time in writing. At nine o'clock he left his office, walked through Houston-stract to Broadway, and himself deposited a letter in the mail-Dox. At twenty minutes before ten o'clock the same morning that identical letter, bearing special delivery stamp, was placed in the hands of the person to wnom it was addressed, for it bore the inscription: NICK CARTER, Detectire. Care STREET & SMITH, Publishers, 25, 27, 29, and 31 Rose St., New YorkI City. . ............. ......................... ..... ......... Tne detective opened the letter instantly. It contained a short, terse note in the hand-writing of the Chief Inspector, a note which was decidedly characteristic of the man who wrote .t, and another envelope, also sealed. The note, written upon official paper of the department, was as follows : "Catch first train to Washington. I inclose sealed instructions and orders, with directions when to open written outside. Wire me as soon as you arrive." The detective glanced at his watch, found that he had ample time in which to catch a train, and at half-past four o'clock that afternoon, three weeks t) a day from the time of the double tragedy, he was in the city of Washington with the sealed orders he had received safely reposing in the inner pocket of his vest. Declining the multitudinous offers of con veyance made by the horde of hackmen who make life a burden to travellers, he walked slowly up Pennsylvania avenue toward the Treasury. Twice, en route, he paused. Once at the office of the Washington Post and once at the Evening Star building. Then he continued on his way, idly observing everything that was passing around him, and ultimately arriving at the Arlington Hotel, where he registered and secured a room. The evening was well advanced when he again left the hotel, and this time as before he walked. His direction took him up Connecticut avenue, and after making several turns, always walking slowly and ceemingly for the purpose of exercisa only, he rang the bell of an imposing edifice, and entered. It was still another sealed envelope which he delivered to the servant inatead of the customary card, saying only: " Deliver that to Mrs Orlando, and say that I am waitig." Only a few moments passed whtn the lady entered the room where the detective was waiting, and he found himself in the presence of a woman in the prime of life and health and matronly beauty-the mother of Tneresa Orlando, the suicide. " You are-" she began, but the detective interrupted her. 'I am sent to yon, madam, by Chief Inspector Byrnes, of New York. I have ipecial directions to carry out for him, and among them may be found the reasons for this calL" "Ah I" " I wish to have a very serious talk with you, and it is important that there should be as little delay as possible. You--" Nick paused suddenly, for a frightful pallor swept like a flash of light over the woman's face. She tottered for an instant, and reached blindly for a chair; but even as the detective sprang to her assistance she recovered herself, and motioned him back. "It is nothing," she said, making a visible effort to smile. "A momentary weakness, nothing more. I have not been well smne-eince my terrible bereavement, and to-night I feel unusually ill. I think. sir, if I were to retire at once that I will be strong enough to bear this necessary inter view in the morning. To-night I fear-nay, I known that I am unequal to the task. Will you return in the morning, at ten 1" " Certainly." "I am very sorroy that it must be so, sir. It is I who have sought this moment and looked forward to it. Ah, sir, I-" Again that sudden paleness swept over her face, and again she instantly recovered. * It hurts my pride to admit that I am ill," she continued, with a faint smile, " hut to-night it is even so," She rose from her chair, and with evident difficulty added: "I shall expect you in the morning at ten." It was a dismissal, and the detective at once took his leave. The following morning he took the Post with him to the breakfast table, and as he spread it open before him the first item of news upon which' his glance rested caused him to utter a sharp exclamation of dismay. It was headed as follows: BROKEN HEARTED. SAD ENDING TO A CHAPTEB OF A TRAGEDY. SENORA cMARIA ORLANDO FOUND DEAD IN HER BED AT MIDNIGIIT. Following;was a detailed account of the sad discovery, the whole purport of it being that the mother of Theresa had died of a broken heart caused by the sad fate of her beloved and beautiful daughter. But the brow of Nick Carter grew darker as he read. Only once did he give utterance to his thoughts. Then he murmnred in a tone so low that a companion at the same table could not have overheard him. " She died by the hand of an assassin as dark and as mysterious as that which killed her child I" (To bi Costinusd.) The bee, though it finds every rose has a thorn, comes back loaded with honey from its rambles; and why should not other toariste do the same I 