:i lower Clarence. MACLEAN, FRIDAY. : ÍEKA' MEETING-The annual tea and public .-meeting in connection with the Presbyterian 'Church of New South "Wales took place at Maclean on Wednesday evening, »nd was as .usual a very successful gathering. The tables, which were provided bv Mesdames Morrison, S. M'Kinnon, Donald M'Donald, Mr. S. Mac naughtan,and oneby bachelor's subscriptions;, were laid in the School of Arts, and about 130 persons partook of the good things they contained. The public meeting was held in the Church, and every available seat in that building was occupied. Appropriate addres- ses were delivered by the Revs, J. S. Scott .(chairman), P. J. Branch, J. Gray, J. Strang, JL. Barron and Mr. Perkins. Mr/Branch said' that although, he was the only ministerial representative of another church he did not think he was in a perilous position. Since he had the pleasure or becoming acquainted with the pastor (Mr. Scott), he had.al ways found bim ready to extend the right hand of fellow- ship, and this in itself was a sufficient explan- ation for his (the speaker) presence at this meeting. ' But bis presence was significant also of something more than the discharge of a social obligation-he felt that here he could', meet with those who loved the Lord Jesus .Christ in sincerity, and in truth. -: .... , .Mr. Perkins said that he had been anxious; to see Maclean ever since he had read a ghost yarn in connection with it, some years ago.! He hod now seen it, and thought that those' who lived here, should , be thankful, that they! had such a place to live in. ;,-, ;; ... r,;' ].-, ; Mr. Gray delivered an excellent address, onj ." work and workers,'.' showing the, great field .there-was for Christian workers; ,and the; qualifications which were necessary on.the part, of such workers if the work was to ; bej successful, the most important being spiritual; mindedness, vr-.- , .. : -Mr. Strang congratulated the minister and office bearers for the very successful gather- ing, and thought that such meetings in con- nection with the Presbytery meetings had a tendency to, remove the dullness associated with attendance at,the latter. . ..v.- i ,Mr. Barron os .usual treated the:audience: to a few of his amusing yet instructive Scotch i stories, and concluded by complimenting the' Ijower Clarence people upon' their heartiness! in everything pertaining to the advancement' of the Ohurcb.' The foregoing...addresses: were interspersed with musical items,- the! anthem'-"My voice, shalt Thou hear":hyi Miss Muir and choir ; Bolos, "Consider the! lillies,"..and "Oh. rest.in the Lord,",.by Missi Muir; "Thu Holy City," by Miss Cameron;! and the anthem " Comfort,'oh Lord, the soul; of Thy servant," by Dr. . M'Naughtan' and choir. ;.r'.,i? .. '.-.'-;>'Í.:C¡V-. :-":70" I . The financial statement .for ISO! was. read,1 by the Secretary'(Mr, J. M'Lachlan) showing! that the! total liability of the:congregation, was £l2311d. ':'"".,'*' ' 7 . ; .'. The Chairman briefly expressed his entire! satisfaction with the relationship which'hadj existed during the year between himself,' the) office-bearers, and members and adherents of; the congregation, and trusted that the : yen rj which hus just been entered upon would bej as successful in every respect us its predocês-j sor. A,vote of thanks to those.who assisted, . in the evénlngs'entértálnmérit/undespeclally! . to Messrs Murray Brothers for their ki netti éss ¡ in providing steamer conveyance for the/ North Arm friends free of charge, was moved! by Mr. A. H. Garven-and heartily carried,; and the meeting terminated. ' : '. BUTTER: FACTORY.-A meeting of the pro-| visional directors of; thejoroposed Reindeer; Company was held on :Ttiesduyv>when!.tbej prospectus was approved of. The articles of ¡ association will be subihittedio.arae.eting.of! shareholders. 390.shares.huve been anpliëe for. ' ' , . ! COURT.-Rose Combo, who was remanded last week to Grafton for eight days on a charge of maliciously wounding her husband, Combo, was brought before the Maclean Bench again on Thursday, and her husband not appearing, she was discharged. The quarterly Licensing Court was adjourned until next Thursday. PICNIC.'-In order to make lise of the sur- ¡ plus goods remain lng from' the Presbyterian : \- tea meeting on Wednesday evening an! impromptu picnic . for the Sunday school children was arranged to take place in the, Park on Thursday aftornoon, and although! the fnct wasnot generally.known throughout, the town there was^a.Very-fair gathering of, children and adult's. ' !, r. .. ,- ; 