A Boy’s Prank and Its Results. Francis was the hoy’s name, and Ada was his Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He was the head of his class in school, but through his tricks he was always getting into trouble. ~ Ada, his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate—a very quiet, gentle girl. No .brother and sister were ever more unlike, her. almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming m-striking contrast to his fair hair, groy eyes, ah,dthat mischievous look whichnever left his faoe. ■■-'.-.—•i-'-H—■" V Frauds likedtoirighttre" thereof | it woulti 1 And of me more fright lug the better), he was able to pick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. This night the wind was howling around the house, and FranciB was telling his stater a moflt terrifying ghost story. When he had come to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. “Now, you silly thing, I expect you will be seeing a ghost,” her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Even in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were let oat a little earlier than usual, in order to he home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming np. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the time she was half way home, she had to stop at a neigh bor’s house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was neaily dark when the storm was over. The water lay in pools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all.' A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been found drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about there. As Bho walked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came np bright and clear, shiniDg down between the branches. The ghost story kept running through Ada's head. She quits expected to see the tramp’s ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer the waterhole. “ Oh 1 If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole.” She dare not leave the narrow track, winding in and out among the bushes. She knew no other way. Hark ! what was that noise ? Was not that something ? Itmoved. It was not a stump, was it? She stood still. Xo,it was only a shadow. But—something farther on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved, and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a hush. It stood against the dork background of loaves white and shrouded. The ghost! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. Bor one moment did Ada stand trans fixed ; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. But was not the ghost rather small ? It laughed. To her the laugh was terrible, hut in reality it was one she should have known very Splash ! she was in the waterhole! She had run right into it in her fright. The ghost’s hand fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. A few bubbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and flung off the shroud, Now it was tho ghost no longer—only Francis, Ada’s brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a arge one, and he could not And her. He was frightened.- What could he do ? If she was riot found at once she would be drowned. - He had only meant to frighten her. Had he killed her? k_It was regret as much as fear that haunted Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out be gave one look around. If she were not saved, and It were known he had played ghost, he would getinto trouble; hung, perhaps, he thought. He thought he need not saj anything about it. ' He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a palter. Bolling it up under his arm, he ran home. He had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up the story he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. '* 4d*’8 fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and fell. in. I couldn’t get her out.” His father and a man oS the farm ran off at once, hut the waterhole wa3 deep, and dark night had come, for' the moon was awain clonded. Years ago—for the waterhole was very old— a large tree had crashed right into it, and some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and carried it home. Francis, when bed-time came, was sent to bed. He had wrung the sheet as dry as possible, and put it in his bed. reat°^ * comfortable bed, nor a very good A damp sheet and aguilty conscience. Horrible dreams of ghosts and waterholeB haunted him all night long. In the morning he was told that Ada was The thought of how had a brother he had been kept running through his mind. How he had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no more about it That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman’s sharp eyes seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the trnth. Ada was buried, and Francis cried bitterly. He wanted to tell, and yet was afraid. The next morning he did not get up. - He was too sick to leave his bed, and had a fever ish appearance.. In the afternoon he began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. “ Clearly a case of brain fever,” he said. * He must be watched very closely, os there is no saying what he may do.” FranciB kept on calling to Ada during the night. He believed she was there, heaping him with reproaches. The next morning the doctor came again, and gave Francis a Bleeping draught. .Soon after he sank into a quiet sleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took a short rest. Presently Francis woke up. Ho one, he thought, in his delirium, wsb there but Ada. “ Go away, Ada; go away. I did not know yon wonld fall in. I only meant to frighten you.” His mother, who awoke at the first sound, now started np, wondering. . AH of a spdden the truth flashed on. her mind. Hehad often triad til frighten hipjrJt*r_ Diectionablenerfato his rooST,-but’ he wdSnot ia I She looked ant of the window.. He was running into the scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his head. She ran- out, and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chase. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hole, Ab he now stood still they slackened their Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada! Francis stood still—looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, being unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. Ho could not find him at once, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last find him and threw him on the bank, he' too was dead. 