Chiton's €tol«um. THK BEVERLEV GHOST. [By Jenny Mae Blakcslce.l The old Bevrrley place was hauutcd. At least tliat is what every I tody said, a.nd wheu ' f-verybwly/' W* * lll*'g ''* so «f wurae it is se, especially hi a little town like Klliston. 1 here certainly was a singular tm-laucholy air brooding ovt this old mansion, although it hail I»pen deserted only for about, five years. The heir to the property, youn' Henry Reverlcy. had Roae abroad ?-?* the death of Ins Rtay had I»een unexpectedly prolong-d. and would seem a safe place in uhieh to store tbe valuables that, according to nun our, had Iteen left. th. re-old family plate, ticli maho gany furniture, and cost) v Inii-a-hnti-. Reports of All this had aroused ilifl spirit of covetous iiess in the breasts of at least ihe less scrupulous of the neighivouritig villages. A rumour, however, that the lute Mr. IVverley's shade made nightly visitations to guard his sort's possessions had probably so far kept away these would-be burglars, if they existed. Farmer liagstock stood one August after uooniu the doorway of Mr. Smythe's little store — one of the kind that keeps the whole machines. His lliiii saw-like features wore an expectant expression, aud his eyes were lightened by a look of cunnius; and preed as he occasionally glanced down the rnad. Farmer Bagstock was not rich iu this world's goods, and the nature of his efforts to become so might, it is feared, damage his prospects in the next. His patient waiting was at la-t regarded, for a long lank figure presently appeared far down the street evidently making for Mr. Smythe's establishment. When (his individual, known as Hoke £impk ins, mounted the «t-*ps the firmer grt*eted him in a. rather surly way. ' Ron naitin' long enough, I should thiok. ' ** Could n't git here no sooner, pon my word,' responded Hoke apologetically. After a word or two with the talkative storekeeper Bagatock bestowed a wink upon bis friend, and suggested that they ' walk down the road a piece.1' Hoke complied, and presently they left th- highway and entered a small piece of woodland. Following the course underneath iu The surround tog uiiderbusb anu the oak's thick trunk concealed thorn irom th*? view of anyone who might chance to pass along bv the stream. II A short time before this James Stokes, one of the village boys, came duwit to the brook to try bis luck at trout-fishing. The afternoon wa-S suit ry and rather cloudy, aud it was probable that the fish would bite if there were any there. But these contrary trout evidently turned up their noses at the tempting flies, anil at last he gave up in despair. Ttut Jiiiitiiy would not relinquish u.\\\ hop'.1 of a. 'caU-ti' yer, so he wandered further up the stream. He nuiked «|iiile noiselessly for fear of scaring the fish, and at last halted ja^t at tbc bad; of a Urge oak tree. I Jet ore he had had lime to cast his fly Jimmy heard the sound of men's voices speaking in Ion-, cautious toues. Now, he was a typical small boy, and of a shrewd and inquiring turn of mind, so he dropped quietly down on the bank and listened screen ing himself from possible observation by getting behind a large stump. Soon hecaugbt a sentence which made him bold his breath to *** Waal,'11 slowly said a voice uMch he could not at first recognise, ** the otily thing is we'll hafter break a winder. I found evci vthin' fastened when I skirmished round t'other niebt.' 'Itud make an .infill racket brcakiu' ihe glas*. Tuould be lu-tter Co lake a pane out, I reckjn,' answered the other m m. Jimmy was-|iiite certain t]i:.l tiiis speaker waft Hoke Si-.npkins. ' Vass, it might,' said the other, medita tively: 'that biff winder a' the end of the hall.' 'Folks say there's piles o' silxrand things worth a heap o' inonev. H..11 I'd like 10 'el holt on it !' .And Jimmy knew 1 hat F.irintr i-iigsto**k had spoken. ri-ylit uuder the ketch. Then uccn raise the wSldir in a jiffy. ' ?' Waal, it raicht do tliat way,' answered Bagstoi-k. ' What d' ve say to next Monday nigTit ? That ain't too' soon, l-e il ? ' VToke saiJ be thought not. dark lanterns and,' with a chuckle, ** I don i ihink an old mcalbag or tlmirsick 'nM be ..nliaudy. We could sir there about nine, cut Ihe pine ooul, then «- oft fur a spell, fur if sceut. After 'i c.msid'able spice ,ve could sneak bark and git in. Thar, how's that for a scheme-' he finished t rinmpbantly. '* Fine,1* said Hoke admiringly. But he added rather slowly, ?? Folks say old Bever ley'a spook'a around then*, y' know, but I ain't afraid, be you V ' Spooks : ' laughed Bjsis'nck srornfu'ly. ?? They ain't no sech thing. ' Kf t here was they couldn't hurt iis.' Both were rather silent for a moment, how ever, afitr this Wave speech, ami so-»n the fanner suggested that they had said ermugh for the present, and mi^lit as well move on. Tb^y rose to leave their ri treat, and Ji-niny made himself as -;-»all a.s possible 3t tlx- !-*ek of the stump. As l\\-* was on the other Ri-le of the brook from the mvn, tbey passutl by with out seeing him, and were presently lo^t to his %IVhcn Jimmy rose to his feet, shook himself, looked around, and gave vent to his feelings l»y a long whistle, and the exclamation, ' Jinriny Chrismus, if I could only — ' He stopyed abort, seeming to remember that 'discretion is the better part of valour,' &nd; that someone tniiiht be liateDing to he.-u M bat he was going to say. So be only walked away very slowly, almost forge.ttiug to pick up bts tishing tackle in his absorption. On arriv ing home he laid his rod on the front porch, and, without lingering &? moment, da^hc! ii-roas Hip Inn, jiot, ilirouKh a hole iu llit fen.-e, and lli.n need »....« lots toilie villa-., store. I).- ,-,,,-f,.ini,-r-d his linsom fi i.nd. Will 'mylhe, in from i.f lii^ failiei V ?-»tahli-.liin.'iil . un.l ^reeled him exeilidly. ' Hullo, Bill? IVe pol something; to till you. ({trick1. Come over to (lie oiilmul ; Full of rariosity Kill followed Jimmy's lead, J°'°No1v,''said*.iiininy, 'wait I ill you hear what. I have to tell y.w. Wlisw '. li's I'.illy was breatldrsq with interest, and .liin unfolded the plot I,.- had heard. W ill I ? .mm asevcif-,! as his fri ? I could »Mi, and cs elaimed : 'T\ic seoun,\rels ? Can1! we lt.-a.l vlt.m ofl?' ' If we «-uld only hit on sonelliing will, out letting anyoue know. 1'hat misetly Hag stock: Father always said be wouldn't trust niu: with a dime, and Bake .Simpkins would do anything R-tgstock told litin to. He ti ^ coward, anyway.' Bill was lost in thought. Suddenly be ex claimed : 'Hurrah! 1 have il. Just the thing ' In his eagerness he nearly fell out of Ihe tree. When he managed to tell his plan it met. with tremendous applmse from Jimmy. What came of Will's l.ohi inspiration remains IIF. Montliiy evening was inoonW*ss, just tiie night for a reckless deed. The conspirators thought that they were especially favoured. By nine both were at the H'ei'ling-plsce, and repaired in silence to I he old house. The night vas one of the kind that ?hoBts usually select for a promenade, and this thought may have occurred to the minds of the fanner an'l Hoke. Kadi assured himself that such an The window being found, ltigstoek pro ceeded to pry out Ihe pane. Then both, after glancing cautiously about, stole away to faimpkins' honse, which was not far distant. It was fully an hour before they returned and viewed the window. All was as they had left il, and lijg.!oek said iu j hoarse ivhispcr : Hoke drew back a little. Thr lions', some how, looked unusually dismal. ' What you ain't afraid, be yon ? ' ejaculated Ihe farmer. Hoke said, ' Of course not,' lint for some unaccountable reason his voice shook slightly. He consented to be boosted up, and inserting hit hand in the opening, easily undid the Pitch and raised the loner sash. Rolh of them would have lieen seized with consterna tion had they imagined thar but ;i short lime before other hands than their own had made ihe same use of this very window. Now, Hoke was an awkward youth, and in climbing over the sill his foot nu^hl which very shortly deposi cd him ou the floor. This mishap added to his misgivings, but he picked himself up and helped in Ihe imijatiint Bag stock. They were now inside tl^e walli »hi;h sheltered the coveted trcaure. What to do With Ihe aid of their dark lanterns they groped along the hall, which ran Irom front to back, us in most old hou»e» built in the colonial style. Poor Hoke found hit knees to strike them u'i'thVrrur. If he hud not di-' car led his hat before enlerin;; i I would have a'£ri'dr*nlPcro^'.-fr-uJrr 1'.- 'is '-il.li»ej 'o catch hold of the farmer In steady himself, wlm-h called forth a growl fr,,m thai quarter, for Uigsloc-k was having nil li- .-mid do to stille sonic :il tie u.i... iviugs of Id. o« u. 'When- the di.-ken--, he inntl.-rrd, - cm the tilings- ' He stopped suddenly The h-1! ili;- v, ide as well as Inns, and they had now nearly rcaoliM tlie [rom end. At e.i«. side si.od :i large heavy --he3t, sugg^live of ridies stor.-.l, perhaps, in its depths. Xear it was a heap of furniture and rulibith. iiigstock had tdk™ a step forward, and almost had his hand on the chest when his lantern flashed across some thing. This 'something ' made his knees shake still more, his hair rise higher, and hia eye» bulge out further th^n Hok-'s ever tivnugUt of doing, ^ated n'.\ that very lese, i:.. head evij.-iitly tnrnid itiinh ;hr l'nl'what' Hoke was uudcrgoim; »t that ScTnTy 'i'a^e ven't''^''*'' k!'d '.'[ il«' Tml dropped with a llmil to the H....I-. liagstock looke.l »s though hisshaky knees would ohlige him to follow Hokes evample, when suddenly the Hguse moved. It rose slou ly, lo its full height, raised one Ions arm, aud pointing lo the chest, sail, in low. Wood-curdling tones. ' Yonder lies Ihe treasure. Hen.trc ! Touch it not, or, ye die :' They waited to h'-sr no ni.ire. Sjtnchoiv they reached that window \\-y a snee^-ion of humping and -.-raping,, an.) lit.ally, « ith a niitionUv lieavy aud empatUic \U\mys Uftke found hiiii=.-lf™ thegroun.l. IVfor.- lie . -nuld slru^'rlc up the fanner Mas on top of him. Aft-r°lhev ha.l cvtiWed th- ms.lv.s ii ,li.l not take long fot both to pul a good half mile between thcin«!ve» and the haunted hoi:s_\ burglari^e Ihe lieveihy Hou-e, Inn h.id l.e- n nearly frightened out of their wits by the famous ghost, and taken themselves off in Tlte names of the two men no one seemed aWe to find out, \mt Rill Smjttie and James Stokes bad many a laugh iu private over the | sheepish look which the faces of Farmer Rag slock an . Hoke Siinpkim always wore when the subject of the bm-'lary was mentioned.- - Harper's Round Table. 