'8QUT TOWN, {Bf 'A Gfl:o(sr.') Bt}t £bat I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word \yould harrow up thy soul. 'V-Shakcspcare. A witness at the Court house the other day asserted that Mr Wiloombe'a houBe was more valoable, beo&use; it was next , door.topur worthy P.M's, it gave Ihe liouse greatpr regpeotability Well, any way itg a terrible price to pay for respecta bilitv* to have one's cominc in' and coins out right under the very nose of the betik. Bijt our esteemed citizen J. W. J.P*, is a beak, too, and I suppose its ' Birds of a feather, &c;' When your humble servant was in thp flesh he would not have dreajned of plaoing himself at such a dis advantage. When coming home tired aod ahseut minded after a heavy evening at the Club it was no uncommon thing to mistake pne's door. I have' a dim recol lection of. oue night. ^tumbling into what I thought was my abode, but proved to be ipy uest door neighbours, aod it was only when J lost my equilibrium in trying to remoye (ny bpots that a fearful shriek from uiider the bed clothes caused me to * make a hasty survey of the apartment, and a much hastier retreat. ' Just fancy if the P.M. had lived next; doqr to me, X might have got tnree months hardi aud all for trying (o get home safely. One can ao easily get known to tbe police that ^ never cared to live iq the same street with one* Ah, yes { Tbe Council Olerk read a letter from Messrs Robertson and Norton asking for a retaining fee of £10 per an num. WhilBt ruminating on this item { fell asleep and dreamed that I had been pilled upon to appear before His Honor in Chambers to show oausu, or something of the sort, about what £ now know was only a horrible suspicion that flashed through my mind. It was the judge's verdiot which so impressed me, and even now I c&n; hear his deliberately measured sen tences as they fell on my affrighted ear. He sAid : I have before me three affidavits in this case. One .by the defendants, Robertson and Norton, who make oath and say that tbey made the application to the Council without malioe, and that the aforesaid application was not made in con sequence of the fact. then koowu to (hem, to wit, that certain summonses bad been issued for refreshments quite recently. , This affidavit was an answering one to tbe other two put in by the plaintiff Ghost. The first of these two is to the eflect that refreshments are not now easily obtainable on oredit in conBequeuoe of tbe issue of certain summonses reasonably within the cogoiaaoce of the defendants. Tlie defen dants have admitted these facts. The other affidavit pat io by the plaintiff is made by an Actuary who makes oath thu he has calculated the defendants would socure a little over 04=1 shilling and eleven pence per week each. In answer to this the defendants rely upon tbe fact that re^ freshments are exactly 61 each The plaintiff then seeks to establish it to this honorable court that it is usual in pur chasing four refreshments per week to get a disoount of tweuiy-five twenty-sixths of a penuy. But the evidence on this point iB unreliable, and I shall discard it. Now the assumption upon whioh the parties join issue appears to me to lie in a nutshell. I shall follow the precedent of the learned Chief Justico Sir Sholto Kemp and base my doci&iou; ou the facts. He has laid it dowo (hy virtue of his new office) most distinctly ihat it iB the inten tion and not the aot which constitutes the crime. There is no doubt in my mind that the L10 per year, if applied solely to . the purpose for which the ptaibliff would have us believe it was sought to be ob tained, would act uot somuch as a retainer as a re- Btrainer. I have, therefore, no hesitation in recording a verdict for the defendants, with costs on the higher 6cale. The fright of these last words awoke me. In passing the Academy of Music last night I heard sweet sounds, crashing sounds, inter mingled sounds and various sounds Thinking it might be the Tein perauce Band on the bust I drew near. It wae'nt, only the Opera Coy. doiug a rehearsal, and put of this, what seemed to me chaorf, is to be evolved what we have had from them before, our money's worth The road out to the cemetry is not too good just now, aud from what I saw of roads the other side of the town they are not too izood there. . Even Dr. Kennedv's trotters can't put up records that would astonish a wood carton Never mind when tbe Irrigation Trust make Hay ovetflow with prosperity, ihe Council will be able to drop a brick, batljere and there into the worst of the holes, There's going to be a 'Jectioo, that seems certaiu. One a year iB rather rough on a poor bloke as reckons on a three year oontrsot. Anyway it will make a shaking nmougBt the dry bones of politics around here. Last year we exchanged a New Ton for a Ash Ton and some people say very dry ash at that. Goodness knows what we'll do this time, bnt ' Jimmy ' will be here directly aud he might lay the Ghost, so perhaps its best to bide a wee. ' * The lot of a ghostly visitant to tbe city of the plains, when night ' throws her sable mantle e'er the woold,'. is not a happy one, yet fate leads me to wander in those (what should bej stilly hours, and then I see how huqan passions, aoted upon by Boft train, work in those who, owl-like tqro night into -day, and degrade their tqanhuod. Last Wednesday night another 'encounter 'took ^plaoe -between ?*-*-? ** Leather and PruiieUa,' and_ the truth bf the saying. ?** that there's nothing like leather' was dispelled, for thfs useful material came to gribf, aqd went iioine with a broken arm,4ouvinosd that *' when hrawls disturb the street, 'tis beat to be at home.1' If -this quotation is not enrreet, I cannot help it/ as I have forgotten all the . nursery .rhymes. *' Prunella' es caped on this oooasion. sb there waa no near to help him through the adjaceut window. How long- shail I have' suoh tales as this ((to unfold.' aq said my prototype, Denmark's iqurqered King. I find Mr Editor J am getting persouat in my remarks, and as I have no desire to bs too much so, or.to lose my little job, ' I should like you to explain thai, with the asperations or .the exasperations of 1 , mortals I have oothiug, (laving uo «ue- ' ; ' mles anything I soribble is buljr offered, aq good natured banter an4 In q,o it intended togive offence. 