CKAPTESXXX. AT HO2EK AfiAIK. Come home; there is a sorrowing sound In music since ye went ; And the early flower-scents wander by, With mouBifai memories blent. — HasAjfs. ISx. Bruce retamedfrom Paris some thing dispirited and thijiVa his usual genial self. He was very glad to find t&at; Agnes vas inclined to console her self for her lover's perfidy, and took a fcsoroush liking to Dr. Conrtaiev. So Miss DaintJ ee said 'yes' once more and the doctor aj;ti her ancle settled money matters between fcem. It appeared that as far as means went, tiie doctor, who had been a prudent, careful nan, was better off than Captain ChaUis. though he did not eome of any old family, and could boaet of no expect ations. He was to a certain extent a self-made man, though he had inherited d large sum o£ money from adistsszt re lative. There was no doubt that in society, shoold the lady's ever meet, Paul CbsMs'a wife would take precedence, but Agnes thaughhtahib she could bear even that. ' Anything is better than wearing the willow/' she said to hcreelf ; an.d he's a daar, good fellow, there's no doubt of that. It is better than the other pros pect, after all:' So Dr. Cocrtney went bacSrto London, a happy man, to endure much chaff fjum Jjfs brethren, in the mess over his suddenly developed love affair. They irerc not to knov that it was by no ra?&32s endden on his part, and that he had secretly enricd Captain Chaffis ever since he had been introduced to UjcE Dainlaee. Mini. ChaUis and Iaicy were honestly g!ad to Jwar of tie rmdrnv that had erase to the di£Lialty, and they sent ail Eorts of kind messages to Agnes throngh him, hoping that the frend be sposaUj renewod. ' It has taken a great load off my mind,3* J&a.; Chsffis ssid. And it will icake matters much less difficult when Paul cexnes hcase. He writes as though he were very happy. Poor fellow, if I could only think it would last.' '- iSsB Daintree's uncle saw them in Paris,' Dt Conrtney replied. ° And he ranporis thct Captain ChaUis appears to idolise liis wife, and that she is lovely beyond descziptzen. That I should iznsgice. Dressed as your son's 'wife iranld hs sore te he, she tronld be one of ?fee icvj]i«5t of wonjen.' Mrs. ChtiU;s sighfid, and looked at friTr) -with vnslai'. oyoa. ' I hea? cr. ul'i. sides of Paul adorning her/* she said. ** I should like to know irfjetber she loves him Is she a loving -o-caxm 33 well aa a lovable one, Doctor Courtney ? I am a foolish, old woman, T daresay but I doubt it. I cannot help doubting1 it1* ' It will be impossible to tell till they come home,''* the doctor said, jx&zjhig; the question. 'I havo Mr. Emcs'i statement that they seem as Iir\npy as turtle doves, though he thought that Mrs. Challi3 looked deiicatn.' He did not tell them that Mr. Bruce bad seeaied to avoid speaking of Paul Chrillis sB-i bis -rife, that tho inform afion irhieh he had given had been 'STin^1 from him by his neice's questions. He had laid his recitence to matters of his own. Agnes had told him that her nncle had been to Paris to bury a reia'.iire -who had died under somewhat painful circumstances after being lost sight of for a long time. She did not tell him how near the kindred was ; there was no ceed, and the doctor laid the rector's evident worry and preoc capatioa to the business thai had taken iam away. -. ffnr-s knew better, and she set herself to find out. She said very little on the subject of Dr. Conrtney to her uncle. She saw that he was satisfied, and they could talk over n.H that by-and-byo. His mention of 1'aul ChaUis and his v: , ;'o made her curious. ' I do so want to know what she is like,' sha said. ' I have heard all sorts of descriptions of her. Doctor Court ney calls her ? serpent-eyed,1 and likens her to Lamia. She is really so very '? She is lovely bc-yond telling, my dear.' ' I should like to see her.' Mr. Bruce took a photograph from his -Docket. book and laid it on the table. Agnes took it up on look at it in sur prise. It was the photograph of a women iii a very zenith of her beauty, but with a. bold, voluptous expression in her dark eyes. The dress was theatrical, and of the scantiest descrip tion. It was a picture of a woman void of shame, who could expose her chartua to an artist for money, and nose herself in a studio to be criticised as though she were some ^trimni for sale. ** la this her portrait P' asked Agnes, with disgust, gazing with an oddfascina tdon at the shapely limbs only half veil ed by the gauzy draperies of the stage -dancer. ' This stage woman ?' ' No, child. That portrait was taken before Mrs. ChaUis was bore, I should say. She cannot be more than twenty years I should say, and when I saw her she was defently attired. That is the portrait of my dead brother's wretched wife.' ' And like Mrs. ChaUis ?' ' So like her that 'that picture there wosld pass for her. Poor ChaUis 2 poor feSow! The worse punishment we could wish him, Agnes, would not equal what he ?will suffer.' ** What do you mean, uncle-?' ' Just this, chad. I have no proof of what I say, and if I were to give utterance to my belief I ehould be met with an angry denial, and proof to' the contrary, I have no doubt. I believe from my heart that the woman who has supplanted you in Captain Challis's affections is my brother's daughter — the notorious Fay.' 'Oil, uncle f impossible!' ** I hope I am wrong, my dear ; but I fear I am not. It is no business of mine, and I shall be in no hurry to an nounce my belief, bnt I am convinced in my own mind. The likeness is so strik ing that I felt as though I had seen a ghost. Eay has disappeared, and the woman conies from no one knows where, by all accounts. My Irother's death was due indirectly to ' Oh, uncle don't say that.' ' It was. I have heard the whole circumstances from the last men who saw him alive. He was employed at the opera — one of those niieerabtecxeatures who carry banners, and walk on at the heels of thaprineipalsas mobs or retain ers, or whatever they may be called up on to do for their pror pittance. It cost me something to hear what my brother had sunk to, Agnes.' ' I should think it did, indeed, poor uncle !' ' Hehadgonadown tothelowestdeptbs of draik and degradation, hut he seemed to have one human, feeling left in bis heart —the memory of his daughter, aztd his hope of finding her. 3f ore than once he had claimed some dark-eyed woman as his 'Little fay* but when he saw Mrs. Cha.Ui8 he was not to be restrained. He disturbed the performance, and followed her home, only to be repulsed as a mad man, and denied by the woman he persisted in -*a71fng his child, and then ? ' ' And then what, uncle ?' 'And then came the Seine and the Morgue, my dear, whether by accident or driven to it by disappointment acting on his-jrazy brain, no one will ever know. He has carried the secret into the next world with him.' ' And we must keep it, uncle,' Agnes said, with a shiver. ' It is horrible to speak ui. jroor ^uaius : vrv can ao no good by speaking.'* ' No, child, our lips must be sealed. If I am right Paul ChaUis will bitterly me the day he met his wife. If I =.am wrong, I am afraid she will be made to pay some time for her likeness to' a wicked woman.' .^ Nothing could be done by speaking'^ all the public action in the world not undo the fact the woman they believed to be Pay was Captain Challis's wife, and Mr. Bruce and Agnes ignored the; subject by mutual consent. They beard from Dr. Courtney that the elder Mrs. Chains was very busy preparing a home for her 6on and her daughter, who were expected home to be present at the wedding1 of Lucy and bord Allsrdyce, which was to take-place early in the ensuing year. Lucy wrote to Agnes, expressing a. hope that they might be married at the same time and place, bnt Miss Daratree declined, giving her reason for so doing. ' In the first place, dear, I am going' to be married down here,' she wrote. ' Uncle wishes it, and for many reasons iii is auvisauie. jl uun t wane to Ben au London gossiping, which any fuss over my wedding would be sure to do. These are two reasons for you. The third is the difference in our positions, dear child. I am not going to be a peeress, and my small arrangements would put yours to the blush, and vice versa. I should be lost in the blase of effulgence shed by the company assembled to con gratulate y°«- Fancy half the peerage being at the wedding of a doctor's wife' who means to livcin barraeks with her husband, and to do her own housekeep ing. It won't do, little lady, but I shall be with yon in the spirit, and wish you all the happiness this world can bestow.-' On the whole perhaps, it was well that Hiss Daintree was not likely to be present in any capacity at the wedding in prospect and for which preparation, were made that fairly took Mrs. ChaUis's. breath, away, she declared. Lord ADardyee was a great ipafa^, and could not take unto himself a wife withont some stir overthe matter. Lucy felt bewildered and quite fright ened. She loved her future husband dearly, for himself, not for his wealth, and had hardly given fcbe latter a thought, and it seemed tremendous to' be taken to a huge house, with half iier, rooms shrouded up in brown hoBand, and be told that that was-her town man sion,and to be told of a splendid castle and park in thexsountey over which she was also to role. It seemed impossible that she, Lucy Challis, whose utmost ambition had been had been an officer of her brother's rank, should be going to be a great lady. She had thought of her marriage, when she thought of the ceremony at all, as some thing like what she had heard of her brother's — a quite affair in some ont-of - tbe-way little church, with only a few friends to stand by and wish her joy. It was like a cold chill to wake np from that pleasant delusion to the anti cipation of prancing horses and smart carriages, favors, and orange-blossoms, and all the paraphernalia of fashionable matrimony, and. she wrote to Paul, begg ing him to curtail his tour jost a little, and come home to her assistance and support. ' Do come, Paul,dear,' she wrote. 'Tour house is quite ready, and a charm ing little place it is. I was for me in stead of that great stone wilderness in Eaton-square. I denbt my own identi ty when I look at it, and feel like the little old woman in the nursery rhyme — ' As snre as I'm a living woman, This is none of 1/ My greatness is overwhelming me, and crushing mamma, who sadly wants your help. Enire nous, you'll have a bright, ^ann wdL- cme, dear old boy. Doctor Courtney 'a extreme kindness in stepping into year vacant place so soon, and Miss Daintree's placid acceptance of the change of gentleman have done wonders in reconciling matnmie to things as they are. I think my new sister's lovely face has helped, for she often looks at it, and I think shelo&gs; to see the originanl as I do.' Paul ChaUis and bis wife were at Naples when this letter reached them, Dolores had ' wer been these be fore, and she showed no inclinenation to leave it. ' Nobody knows us here,' was the rather odd reason she gave to her hus band for wishing to etay. 'It is bo plea sant to be let alone.' ' J}o you ever want any society, love?' he asked her, when shevttered this senti ment. ' I never want to see a living creature in the world bnt yon,' she replied. 'I should like to got away to 6ome place where no one could ever find us. Just you and I, -Paul, and nobody else.' He wondered a little at her extreme shyness andavoidance of company, but it flattered him. The glamor was over him still; her beauty and brightnesshad not turned to withered leaves and dry sticks yet. The bliss of the honeymoon had not begun to dwindle when Lucy7* letter woke him from his dream. * Shall -we go, darling?' he said. «My mother wants us.' ' Wants yon, PauL' . ?* And yon, too, dear.' That is not so evident. Must I go ? Cannot yon- leave me, and come back to me?' ' My dear Dolores, ttijat a-notaon. Have yon forgotten that we ace going home— to the home where we are to begin ouar real lives together P These wandering weekB have been bnt the prelude to th& drama.' ' I suppose I had forgotten,' she said, with a shiver. -* If we must go we must go. When shall we start ?' A week biter, Mrs. 'Cbalfis the elder -«» juumg c»y cue ore oi ner comfort able morning room, busy on some trifl ing work for Lucy, who was turning over a pile of music. 'I don't think FU have any of it, maaima,' she^aid. ' I'm sot going to forsake my home, and never come back, and it will be like having abit of me left here to have all this untidy music about. I think HI take this one. It'e Paul's favorite march, and Allardyce is so fond of, and ? ' Her voice went off into a little shriek -that made Mrs. ChaUis look up from her work to see Lucy turn from her stool, and fly into the arms of a tall figure, which stood in the doorway. ' Mamma ! mamma ! if s PauL' she cried. ' Ton dear old fellow, when did you come in? I never heard the beH.' ' The door was open and we walked in,' replied Captain ChaUis. ' Mother, dear, here is your new daughter. Lucy will you welcome your sister as well as your brother?' ' That I wilL' vas Lucy's answer, drawing Dolores forward, and fci aging the lovely pale face. ' Welcome a thousand times, dear. Fve said it in my heart a thousand time?.' Mrs. ChaUis and her new daughter looked at one another fora moment, and then the serpent eyes,' as Dr. Courtney called them, worked their spell, and the idder lady drew the younger to her side, and kissed her tenderly. 