[?] THE hundreds of juve nile correspondents who have written on the subject agree that it is eood to keep tro Christ mas, and give ample reasons. Most of the writers responded to the invitation to relate past ex periences of the festive season. Ihe letters, on the whole, are very satis factory. A few, however, were evidently written from drafts prepared by older hands and heads. This it may have been that led one little contributor into writing ' monopoly ' instead of ' monotony. A few of the letters are published herewith ; space does not permit of the insertion of more: — December, 1890, I was very ill in bed with diphtheria. Four of us had it in tho bouso at tho same time, and a very miserable time it was, too. I distinctly remember gome to our concert at sohool for the breaking-np, while my elder sister lay at home with a very sore throat. No one suspeoted the true nature of the disease, and thought it would pass off in time. When I came homo from school I coin plained of my throat. So mother said we had better go up to our bedroom, while the doctor was sent for. He lived just over the road-— opposite— and so was not long in coming. He pronounced it to be a severe case ot diph theria. Mother thought my sister was the worst ;-for, if you looked down bor throat, vou could see a white phlegm spread, all in -side her throat, while only tho smallest scrap could be seen in mine. But. tho doctor saitl it was quite the other way. He said mine was the worst, because it was lower down the throat, and, therefore, could not be got at so easily as my sistor's; Tliat was just a few days before Christmas time. My sister and I had both been in the same room, but on Christmas Eve I was carried very gently into another room by the doctor. ^ I remember being laid on a small table, and tied down with towels. At this I grow frightened (for I was always a little coward), and asked what it all meant. I reoeived no answer, save one — to be a bravo girl. A strange gentleman (whom I knew afterwards for a doctor) held a handker chief to my face saturated with chloroform, though at the time I did not know what the pleasant odor was, and thought it must bo scent. Then I remembered no moro, for I had fallen into unconsciousness. Then I was sitting up in bod with a strange, kind, aud very pleasaut face bending over mo. My neck felt very funny and peculiar, for a silver tube had been inserted, aud then I knew my throat had been cut. When I tried to speak I found I obuld nob uttor a sownd, much less a word. Tho nurso handed me a slate and pencil to writo down if I wanted anything. But I could not oat hardly anything. When tho tube would got , filled, I could scarcely breathe. It was then taken out and boiling water poured through it, and it used r to feel oh so comfortable when replaced. ! Christmas Day oame, but Iv was too ill to notico it, and did nob think of my stocking. I However, nurse and mother had rememoered it, and in tbe morning thore was a lovely little cup and saucer that Santa Clans had left for me. It was no use putting in anything else, for they mado sure I would not live. Bur I did live, thoy were not going, to get rid of ine so ! easily. As I grew better I was able to | whisper, aud theu to sit up in bad. j?eople j wero very kind, and used to send me books, I flowers, and fruit, though I could nob eat tho j latter. Then I used to bo carried out to sit on the balcony for a few hours, and used to feol it so hard when brought in. Thou I re member the nurse left us, aud I was very sorry to lose sight of hor nice face, but she came to see me often as I grew bettor. When I tried to walk I found I could only go about threo steps without falling, and soon after I could not walk even thosO. The doctor said it was paralysis, and I must go over to him every day and have the electric battery. I did not like it a bit. Ono day the doctor said to me : ' Ia it hurting you vory much now, Winnie P* I said ' Yes, it is very much.' He laughed and said, he had just caught me, for it was not turned on at all. I answered that 'he .would not like it himself.' He Eaid ' it was the very thing he would like ' (but we know he would not have liked it at all.) as I grew batter. I used to walk round the lawn, catching hold of the fence. I did not go to school again until Midwinter, and then ray friends aud teacher welcomed mo so heartily. So this is ono of my Christmases, and it is not many girls who have such a one. — Winnie Aspeet, West-street, Petersham. Potor sham Superior Public School. Sir, — I thiuk Xmas a very jolly time, and looked forward to as the best time of the year. First, wo should think of the reason Xrnas is kept, and devote part of the day to praiso in liouor of the ' Birth of our Saviour.' 'Keeping up Christmas' often means the meeting of all members of a family, some of whom live apart during the year, and the exchanging of good wishes and gifts with one another. Last Xmas morning my brothers and I got up very early, soon after daylight. The first thing wo did was to ransiick our stockings to find oat what Santa Claus sunt us. Then there was a great Hoorah ! such a scampering 'about in our bedroom ! for niv brother Garnet had a hole in his stocking, and out fell the huts and lollies ; of course, there was a great scramble then, and mother wishod us and Santa Claus at Jericho for waking her up 30 early with our noise. After we boys wero dressed, we started away for the mountains to get some bushes to decorate tho verandahs, and I brought a little bird's nest home and stack it in ono of the bushes to make mother thiuk it was built there. In the evening we went for a swiui in the river. After we were dressed, my brothers, Garnet and Canute, with two companions. Bob and Andy Mitohell, went for a stroll. VVe had not gone far when Andy oalled out, ' Look at the eol iu the water-hole ; let. me see if I can hit it with my icatapult.' He aimed, and toro a piece of flesh out of its neck. Wo then dis covered that it was a large black snake as it wriggled out of the water. Then Bob gave it a blow with a stick ; it then chased him a few yards, when the lot of us taokled him with sticks snd stones until we killed him. The snake measured 5ft 4in long. I tried to carry it home to show mother, but he was too hoavy, so I dropped it. Mother was horrified when sho hoard of tho danger we had beon in, and would not let- iis go swimming apiaiis , f6r a while.— Cedeic C, Crossing, Moonan Flat, . via Scone. -i ? -. .' ' ! . ' '? Sir,— I think Xmas is the jdlliest 'time we have ; but I remember one XtnaS when' it was ?very unpleasant indeed — in the old mud hut, under it's caving roof among the blaoks of Paraguay.. It waB very unploasahi:. I had no Xmas dinner there — 'I had the samo as the natives had in the village of Villa Bica. My. reason for keepitig up Xma^ is because it is a thing which we do not have every day, ahc} it brings many pleasures and good things to eat, and. Santa Clans comes and fills all tho stookings with presents and his best wishes for a inorry Xmas. I remember my last Xmas — on board a sailing ship named tho Embletoh, bound for South Australia. Wo had races and jumping all day loug. ' Wo boys were racing for duff; I came second, and gob as muoh as tho boy that camo first. Our Xmas was a little boiled mutton, with bischits and plum-duff. It was a beautiful day, and at night wo had a concert. Wo got a song from everyone there, and I thought it was a very jolly Xmas compared to the last one I spent in Paraguay ; but I hope to spend a much better Xmas now that I am back in sunny New South Wales. I am ten years of age. — G. Molesworth, 4 John-streob, Surry Hills (Cleveland-sbreot School). I do not think Christmas Day should be kopt up as somo boys and girls keep it. They say, ' Oh ! I am so glad that the holidays lmve come, and I will enjoy myself.' It is meant to think of Christ's first coming into tho world, meok and humble, and then of His second coming, a noble king, and arrayed in purple and fine linen. I am sure that many would not bo prepared if Christ's second coming occurred on Christmas Day (1895) j they, would be thinking where and how to spetid- Christmas Day. Last Christmas holidays that I svpent were up Middle Harbor. I was camping with my brothers and father's clerk. We went in for a swim every morning and evening, as it was ? too hot in tbe middle of the day. There was a redhead's nest with some eggs in, but we did not touch them, so they hatched. At night the bandicoots were hopping around our tout, so we did not get much sleep. One night my father's clerk was dreaming that his watch was stolon, and ho cried out in his sleep, ' hoy !? wait a minute till I catch you, liold: on ! ?' , The fishermen drew their nets nearly -every day, and they allowed us to help them, and they gave us some lish. One after noon we were helping them, and they Uauled in five big sharks, who tried vainly to escape, but the not was too strong for them. So gradually, step by step, wo hauled them in, and my brother and I managed to kill them with stones aud our knives. — Edwin' M'Leod (Parramatta), aged 12 years. Sir, — I am a little English girl, having beon born in Gloucester in the year 1834. I re member Xnias quite well at home, my most pleasant experience being when my father placed me on a chair and skated me all over the fields on tho ioe. I can remember the large fires aud the large roast beef and plum pudding stuck with holly. My parents make a rule' of keeping up Xmas in the old style, and teaching us to do tho same. On that day we all meet at one table; letters are read from absont friends, all differences aro sottled, and peace and goodwill must reign supremo, and all of us try to make a good start for the New Year, and if every family would do the same I am sure they would never regret keeping np Christmas. — Your little friend, Flobsie Tandy, 87J Elizabeth-street, liedfern. I think everyone ought to koep up Christmas because it is Christ's birthday. All children like their birthday kept up, so we ought to keep Christ's, because it is the greatest birth day of all. I am 9^ years old. I do not re member any Christmas only last Christmas. My brother, my two little sisters, and myself hung our Blockings up, but Santa Claus did not put anything in them, because mother was | sick in bed and father had no -work. We got j no Christmas boxos, only a little baby brother, and no Christmas pudding, because mother had nothing to make it with. I hope wo will have a better Christmas this year. Father has gone away to tho goldfields. Ho may find somo gold, and send mother somo to buy us good things for this Christmas. — Maud Mosley, Major Bay-road, Concord. (St. Patrick's School, Mortlake). I am going to tell you a funny experience I had Christmas 1892. I was staying in the country with somo school friends, and there were a lot of other children there, so you may guess we had great fun. Weil, it was Christmas Eve, and we had made up our minds to get up at midnight aud go into the orchard, bo we all went to bed early, and as I was very tirod, I soon wont to sleep and Tor got all about it. About a quarter to 12 my bedfellow awoke me, we got dressed and joined our other friends, crept out of the liouso down to the orchard, and ate a lot of fruit. Then I crept away from tho others, meaning to give them a surprise, and went down near tho creek and saw something white moving about in tho breeze. You may guess what a fright I got. I ran screaming back to the others, and of course they must run down to see what it was, but they soon camo running back. We all ran back to tho house and woko up tho older ones. Some of the gentlemen got guns, and the others sticks and lanterns, and they all marched down in a proce3siou. Wo waited up at the house, it seemed for hours. Then we heard them come back ; they ware laugh ing a great deal. We ran out to boo what it. was all about, but as they would tell us noth ing we had to go back to bed disappointed. In the morning, at broakfast, we heard all ! about it. Some ono had heard us talking about getting up and going out late at night, and i had hung a big tablecloth in a tree aud fixed it to make it look like a ghost. I shall never forget how they laughed at us and teased us. But all tho samo we had a very merry Christmas. — Mueiel Bakeow Montefioee, Manly (ayed 13.) I think it is good to keep up the Christmas, becanso everyone seems happy when it comes, and I think it would bo a great pity if it was not kept up. At Christmas everyone you moot smiles, and wishes you a merry Christ mas, and friends who aro far way write and Bend pretty cards and blessings. Thou it is so nice to be expecting dear old Santa Claus, and to fiud your stocking full up in the morning. And Christmas should always bo kept up because it reminds us of the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ. I had a very pleasant surprise one Christmas when sown friends asked another little girl and I to meet them in the evening. We wero wondering all day what would happen, but could not find out, and when wo wont to tho placo thero was a beautiful Christmas tree, with pretty lights and toys hanging on the branches. It was all for us and our playmates. 1 We had such fun, and played games all tho evening. IhopeChrismas will always be kept up, not for the sake of the toys aud presents only, but because it is nice for'everybody. I do nob think I can say any more about it. I wish you and all the little girls and boys a Merry Christ mas and a Happy New Year. I will be 11 years old on January 1, and I got second prize from the Eoyal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It was presented to mo by Lady Hampden at the Centennial Hall for an essay on the camel and dromedary. — Mabel Misdall, Globe Superior Public School. 