THE DOOM OF THE STAR GAZER, . It is a good many years ago since the case I am about to record caused a sensation in London that has scarcely been equalled since. People who no longer can be considered middle-aged will no doubt remember it well, but to the generation that has sprung np since then it will be fresb, and, as I venture to think, not without considerable interest. Not only did the position of the parties concerned in the matter raise it above the level of commonplace, but all the elements of the tragic drama were replete with the mystery, sensationaliem, and even weirdness so beloved of the general public. It was one of the early cases I was called upon to investigate. I was a young man at the time and fall of zeal and enthusiasm. I'had but a short tim« previously contributed to one of the leading magazines an article under the heading of " The Rationale of the Detective's Art. 1 ' I was modest enough to withhold my name from the article, and I blushed one morning to find that the views I had anouymously expressed had brought me a certain amount of. fame. There was a consensus of opinion amongst the reviewers that my paper waa full of "sound logical reasoning, and evidently the emanation of a mind capable of working o it the theory of detection with something like the precision of a mathematical problem " This, of course, was high praise, but it was somewhat qaalifled by the statement that while in theory my line of argument as to how crime should he detected was admirable, it was hardly capable of being practically worked. Tbis somewhat put me on my mettle, because I had aimed at demonstrating that most people who attempted to unravel mysteries failed for the Bimple reason that they did not give sufficient attention to the " minntiaa"—if I may so express it—of a case f and they were unwilling to recognise what £ had humbly ventured to enforce as an apothegm, that " the seemingly impossible in all mysteries is often the most highly probable." I had always been fond of looking npon this as a sort of golden text that no detective could afford to ignore. But as a matter of fact it was almost universally ignored, save by those men who with inborn artistic feeling elevated the deteotive's calling to a fini art. Now when the case which forms tbe subject of my story oc- curred, it aff >rded me the very -opportunity wished for, which was to give practical illustration of the theory I had set forth in " The Rationale of the Detective's Art." I need scarcely say, perhaps, that a little more than a quarter of a century ago Hammersmith, now a teeming and populous centre, was a wiW derness of market gardens and waste land. It still retained some aspects of a rural district, and there were even streams of water where watercreBB could be gathered. Such houses as existed were, with some exceptions, for the most part old fashioned residences, and one at least had been in existence since the first half of the 17th century, Who hid originally built it, who had been its tenants, and what it bad been called previous to the time I am dealing with I know not; bnt when I became acquainted with it it was known as " The Observatory," and it bad long been in the ocoupation of a retired military officer named Arthur Patchford Hulton, generally referred to in the neighborhood.as Colonel Hulton. He bad seen considerable service in the Crimea, during which he had been twice severely wounded, and in consequence had been compelled to quit the service. He retired on a good pension, which, together with some private means, placed him in very comfortable circumstances. He bad two hobbies, gardening and astronomy, in both of which, as an amateur, he excelled. He had purchased the honse I allude to at Hammersmith, as it afforded him the opportunity of indulging in both bis favorite pars nits. The house stood in a little more than an acre of ground, which was laid out with great taste and ;|augment; and the colonel WBB proud of his garden, as indeed he had every reason to be. At the top of the house he had fitted np a small observatory, where he often spent many hours of tiie night when the sky and atmosphere were favorable for astronomical observation. Irhall have occasion to speak more in detail of this observatory later on. Io order to add interest to what follows and make it more intelligible, I must give a few particulars of the colonel's domestic affairs as tbey existed at the time I was called upon to investigate hi; tragic fate. He had been married a great many years, but his wife did not live with him. Not that there was any serious disagreement between them so far as I ever gathered; but it appeared that the lady did not like the seclusion of, as she termed it, " the outlandish neighborhood of Hammersmith," and eo she elected to reside in tbe heart of the metropolis, and occupied a bouse in Hussell square. — There she resided with two grown-up sons and a daughter. The colonel's favorite daughter was Lydia, and she spent the greater part ot ber time with him at " The Observatory." His household then consisted of Lydia, who was about 20 years of age; a housekeeper, a middle, aged woman named Anna St&rkie; j a servant of all woik, and a parlormaid { and Mrs. Ktarkie'e husband, John, wbo helped his master in the garden, and looked after his horse. The colonel was an unostentatious man, but was fond of comfort, and not averse even to a little luxury. He had a strong d<Blike, however, to any great exertion. Beyond his gardening the only recreation be allowed himself was horse riding, and even that he limited to about an hour a day. Of company he kept very little. He bad two or three old cronies in the district, and occi> sicnally they dropped in for a cbat, a pipe, and a glass. As may be inferred from what has been said, the colonel was necessarily a methodical man. He did everything in a systematic way. He rose at a fixed hour, spent a fixed time at his breakfast, and in reading his correspondence and papers, and then be sallied forth into his garden at a stated time, and at the tame hour erery day took bis ride, while tbe greater part of earn «tc»1d{ am ipept tp bii t«wer, wberf he mounted an excellent telescope. When once he had gone upstairs to his observatory, not even his daughter Lydia ventured to disturb bim. He hated to be intruded uponwhen absorbed in hia astronomical studies, and this being well under* stood he was allowed to enjoy his solitude. One night during tbe first week of January Lydia Hnlton had gone in company with her mother, her sister, ani one of her brothers to Drurylane Theatre to witness-the pantomime, Lydia had exhausted all her powers of persuasion in trying to induoe her father to accompany the party, but he had resolutely deolioed and had betaken himself early to his "den," as he termed it. The weather had been exceptionally fine and frosty for some time, with brilliant nights, during which the Gtars shone with a clearness and splendor not often witnessed in the British metropolis, and it was not to be supposed that the colonel—enthusiast as he web— would abandon the study of the stars for the Bake of witnessing a pantomime. Of bis servants only two remained at home tbat evening, namely, Mrs. Starkie and her hnebind. Tbe other two, Jane Far wig, the parlor m*id, and Mary Kavanagh, the maid-of-all work, had leave to remain out until half-past 11. Hiss Lydia Hnlton had arranged to spend the night with her mother, asd return to Hammersmith in time for luncheon on the following day. Before that time, however, strange things were to happen. Immediately beneath the fbor of tbe observatory tbe two servants slept—Jane Farwig and Mary Kavanagh. It was a fairly large room, and each girl had a separate bed. They both retired to rest cn this particular night 6ooa after 12\. It was close on midnight when they arrived home. Then they had " a mouthful of supper," and hurried off to their room. Being very tired tbey soon tumbled into bed and went to sleep. They did n get np until 7 o'clock nest morning. As tbey were dressing themselves they discoveied that the square of carpet covering the centre of the room was in part saturated with moistnre. Mary Kavanagh stepped on to this wet patoh wi>h her bare feet, and stooping to investigate the cause of the wet she suddenly exclaimed— "My it's blood 1" Her feet she found were wet wi:h what seemed uncommonly like blood ; and glancing op to the ceiling she found there wrb a la*ge irregular stain jast over tbe. wet patch on the carpet, and moisture waB still dripping from it; even as she looked a large drop fell upon her face, and wiping it cfi with her handkerchief she found thet it imparted to tbe handkerchief a blood-like mark. Naturally very much alarmed, the two young Women hastily dressed themselves, and hurrying downstairs imparted their discovery to Mrs. Starkie, who had only just risen. Her husband was still snoring in bed. He had taken " a drop too much" the night previous, and was sleeping off the effects of it. On hearing what the girls had to say, Mrs. Starkie went up to her master's bedroom and knocked at the door, It was her habit to, convey to him every morning a cop c<f coffee at a quarter to 9, and he did not like to be disturbed before then. His observatory was a sanctum Banctorum, and the only person privileged to enter it was his daughter Lydia j hence the reason Mrs. 8taTkie went to bis bedroom first. Having knocked several times and got no response, Bhe cautiously turned the handle and opened the door. Usually he locked his door on retiring. Peeping in she found the bed unoccupied. Then, afraid to go to the top of the house alone, she went and punched the ribs of her lord and master until she bad aroused him to a senee of understanding, And having briefly explained what the servants had told her, he proceeded to the observatory and she followed. They found the door locked. Starkie having knocked several times, without eliciting a reply, came to the conclusion that something was decidedly wrong, and his opinion was strengthened when having examined the servants' bed room he found that what looked like blood waB still dripping from the ceiling, and the carpet beneath was saturated. When he had held a consultation with his wife and the ether two servants it was unanimously agreed that the best thing to do was to see a policeman. 8i> forth sallied Mr. istarkie, and after some Searching he found a constable, who having heaid what the gardener had to tell returned witb hi>nto the house, and mounting to the top the door ot the observatory was forced. Then a ghastly sight met their view. Colonel Hnlton was lying on the floor on his back. His arms were stretched out, one leg was drawn up, and from a wound in the neck blood still oozed. A doctor was next summoned, but all he could do was to pronounce life extinct and to express his opinion that the coloDel had been shot. The bullet had cut clean through the left carotid artery and penetrated deeply into the neck. The room was searched for a weapon, but no weapon could be found. So information waB sent at once to the police-station, and Boon afterwards a telegram was diapatrhed to me with a request that I would go out immediately. I arrived only a few minutes after Miss Lydia, who, finding the house io a state of confusion with policemen about, had been informed at once of what had occurred Tbe sudden announcement had brought on a fit of hysterics, and she v.as being attended by the servants in the dining-room. The cbi«f superintendent of-the police of that district was Inspector Melville, and I found h m waiting for me, together with the doctor who had been called. Accompanied by a constable the three of u» went to the observatory, and the medical man proceeded to make a minute examination of tbe deceased gentleman. The fir opinion he had expressed was fally confirmcd. The colonel had met his death by a bullet wound in the throat. The bullet had passed through the left carotid artery, and death must have ensued within a few minutes, and of course tbe flow of blood had been very great. As there was no carpet on the flwr it passed rapidly through the interstices of he fl jorboarda, so to the ceiling underneath thence dripped on to the carpet in the servant* lonn As there was no mngeiiK about the wound , Could not have been «LMrflwtad. ftry. DS to shoot himself in the um* in wooia liaro been uweawy for him to hare held the weapon pretty close. But as a matter of fact no weapon was to be found, although the' most careful search was made. The testimony ot the gardener and policeman was conclusive that the door was locked on tbe inside when they burst it open; so the question was how had the ciima been committed ? That it was a crime there was little room to doubt, a°d the whole case wbb shrouded in mystery. The medical opinion was that the man bad been dead for some hours j so that he must have been shot some time during the night, and probably soon after the two girls returned home. Now what could have been the motive of the crime f The criminal had evidently pone very much out of his way to commit it, and it was pretty evident that robbery had not been Mb object. But there was another singular element that at first seemed puzzling. Where bad the murder concealed himBelf to carry out his diabolical purpose 7 The chamber was circular in shape, with no angle or piece cf furniture that could have afforded a hiding place. From the teBtimcny of Mrs. Starkie and Jane Farwig, the parlormaid, the colonel sat down to his frugal dinner at 7 ; and soon after half-past 7 he retired to his observatory. Almost immediately afterwards Jane Farwig and Mary Kavanagh went out in accordance with a pr<« rrangement, and Mrs, Starkie undertook to make the colonel's bed ready for him when he retired. He was also in the habit of partaking of a glass of whkky and water before retiring, to< gather with some biscuits, and it was the parlor' maid's duty always to place these things on a lit fie table in his room before sbe wen' to bed, On tbe night of the murJer Mrs. Starkie per foraed the duty, and went to his room Boon after the clock struck 10. While engaged in turning down the bed clothes and putting the hot bottle in the Colonel entered tbe rcom to procure a book from a bookcase in which he kept a number of scientific works. On gciog out again he wished the housekeeper good night, and told her sbe couid go to bed as toon as eha liked as he would not require anything more. Here, let it be noted, the time was then be' tween ten and half-past. Now aroBe tbe ques tion, was the murderer in the observatory when the colonel returned to it? If so, be and his victim must have come face to face at once, for as I have already pointed out, there was no place where a man could have concealed himself, Unless the colonel had been inBtanily shot down it was reasonable to suppose s^ms disturbance would have taken place on the colonel discover' ing an intruder in his sanctum. But, as a matter of fact, I was convinced that nothing of the kind could have happened, No one was in tbe room when Cobnel Hulton re turned to it, and he locktd his door as usual more from the force of habit than as a precau tionary measure, for he knew that the two st vants were out, and there was no one in the house likely to intrude upon him. He then took up his position on the cushioned platform on which he reclined when UBing bis teleenope ; and while lying there engaged in making his obBerva ions he was shot in the neck. He had then probably leapt uo, and fallen on the floor, and the blood had flowed like a stream from the wound in his neck. With a view to determining from whence the shot had been fired I proceeded to make a minute inspection of the place. Tbe observa tory had formerly been a large garret, but it had been entirely rebuilt ia circular form, and a dome-shaped roof added, the roof being of glasB shaded with blinds. Adj lining the observatory was a small storeroom cr lumber-closet, and it was lighted by a eliding glass panel in the wall of the main apartment. This room was used principally for storing-old boxes, papers, and general lumber, and was Beldom entered by anyone, I turned my attention to this lumber closet- I found that some of the boxes had recently been disturbed, while broken cobwebs on the window-panel showed that the panel had been opened lately. I had no hesitation therefore in determining that the fatal shot had been fired from tbe closet. The panel had b®en drawn back sufficiently to admit of the protrusion of the muzzle of the gun or pistol. My own impression at that time was that the weapon used was an air gun ; and this was subsequently confirmed when the post-mortem examination revealed the fact that the fatal wound had been inflicted with a long, thin slug such as is used for an air gun. It was now clear that the assassin had obtained entrance to the house, had concealed himself in the closet, and carried out his dreadful purpose without attracting any attention. Now, how did he get in, and how did he get out Bgain 7 There wasn't a doubt that he muat have been well acquainted with the premises, and he was enabled to make his escape before the house waB finally shut up for the night after tbe two servants came home, assuming that he had gone out by one of tbe doors. But io studying tbe problem I came to the concision that he did not enter nor quit tbe house by the usual mode of ingress and egress. Mrs Starkie averred that she was always very particular to nee tbat the place was well secured, particularly when the other servants were ab;ent She and her husband had sat tbat night in the kitchen. He smoked his pipe, and making the festive season an excuse for a little extra lndulgence bad tbken more beer than was good for bim s about 11 o'clock his wife bundled him off to bed, while she remained up waiting for the girls to return. At half past 10, or thereabouts, her master was all light, because she had seen him in his bedroom, i*nd my opinion was that he was not killed until a considerable time after st t bThe assassin waited until everyone had retired before carrying out his fell Impose The doctor said when he first saw the deoeaeed at 8 o'clock be had been dead four or five hours, jf that wan so the crime must have bern com mittKi at 3 o'clock. If the us^.n adb« concealed in t^.e closet in Lae ear y part of the eveniD" wby did he wait so long before be put bis nu'poBe into execution ? The situation of tbe taowwwas lonelv, and as an «dr gun b«db,en h". bad no occasion to concern himself about, the probabilities cf raising nn alarm. When Miss HuUw bad recovered somewhat from the terrible shock she had suffered, I Bought an interview with her. She had been passionately attached to her father, and her distress may therefore be imagined. She waB a very intelligent, thoughtful sort of girl, but she could suggest no theory for tbe crime at all. She said her father was a very quiet, peaceable, reserved man, and so far as she krew he had no enemies She bad never beard bim speak ill of any one, and knew of no one who could have any ot ject in taking bis life. lu spite of this opiaiou it was very evident that the poor gentleman must hav« bad an enemy, and when I examined the crime in the light of logical and analytical reasoning I felt sure that the act was an act of vengcance. The criminal had nursed a senee of real or imaginary wrong, and, watching for hiB opportunity, had peized upon th t night as peculiarly favorable for his fiendish purpose. Therefore, I settled two points to my own satisfaction j firstly, the assassin waB well acquainted with tbe premises, and had watched the movements of tie household ; secondly, he bad been actuated by a desire for vengeance. My next step io the process of trying to unravel <he mystery was to determine how he had gfcinsd access to the closet. From tbe observatory landing a straight flight of staiis led down to a corridor. In tbe corridor was a window tbat looked into the grounds. A few feet beneath the outside sill of the window was a covered-in cistern, wbit h was tbe stored water supply of the house. At one end of the cistern was a short permanently fixed wooden ladder, placed there for the convenience of examining the cistern. Tbe foot of the ladder rested on tbe flat roof (also supporting the cistern) of a block of buildings which the colonel himself had added after he purchased tbe property. The basement of this block was washlnuse; above that was a bathroom, and above tbat again a stmre bedroom. Non*, a.yone b'ingon that part of the roof would be able eaBily to moupt tbe short perma nent ladder I have spaken of, get on to the top of the cistern, aud from thence it was a matter of extreme ease to get into the house by the corridor window. B'.c then the question had to be answered, how was the roif reached in the firBt I instance ? It was thirty- five feet at least from the ground, A ladder of Bometbing like forty I feet in length would therefore have been required. And for one man to laise a ladder of tbat length would have been a physical impos-1 sibility, even supposing there had been such a I ladder about the premises, which there was not, | These things considered it mhht hav* seemed absurd to suppose that the assassin had entered and quitted the house by means of tbe corridor window. In tact, when I suggested it to Chief Superintendent Melville he laughed at me and said it was impossible. But that did not affect me. I was proving, or at any rate endeavoring to prove, that the theories I bad set forth in my paper, "The Rationale of Detection," were not mere vaporingB I descended from the window sill to the cis tern covering, and by carefully examining it I discovered unmistakable traces of footmarks. By means of the ladder I went down to the roof. There again were footmarks, and in these footmarks traces of a reddish, powdery dirt. I put some of this dirt under the microscope and found it to be the scrapings of bricks, and it had been brought there by the feet cf the miscreant, Tbe rojf was covered with zinc, and was fluBh with the wall. At the anjle formed by tbe corner of the building was a strong iron drain pipe which went down to the ground, and with singular uoitor I mity projected at least an inch from the wall, and was held in position by iron clips, there! being one of these clips every four or five feet. I Goiog back to the house I proceeded to the garden, stood at the foot of the iron drain pipe,I and :r . came . to .. the _„„ conclusion „ . . - that by means j j. of I that pipe the assass n had mounted and de- 1 scended. It was not a feat that au ordLDar, r j a n c ^ o r ^ no difficulty in it. Assuming this suggestion of S ™ right it suggested that few wimes had been more deliberately planned, or carried out with wim more muic cold-blooded determination than thii ° i was satisfied in my own mind tbat it waB something n more than mere theorising on my own I part. I had determined the m«an» of ingress forged an important link in tbe chain of evidence. Firstly, tbe fatal shot bad teen fired by meBtjs of an air gun from the closet adj lining the observatory. Secondly, the person who fired the ehot had ga'ned tbe closet by mounting tbe iron pipe, thus reaching tbe water ci9tern, and frcm thence to the corridor window. His eBcape had been l effected by tbe same means. uadt These two points placed beyond doubt another which was that the criminal was well acquainted with the premises ; and that in turn suggested tbat he might have been a discharged servant. My inquiries w»re next directed to discover if c this was BO, and I had another interview with mftam Miss Ifulton. To my questions she said that her father bad not discharged any man servant to ber knowledge. The StBrkies man and wife had been with him fir a long time; and the two "" it. raiunfiltelu 1 m« Do you^know!Miss Lydia," I next asked, b « do sou know of anyone who Wbb likely to have cberfebedVgrudge against your father ?'' 1 " Afcs ilutely no one," she cxclaimed with a passionate outburst ot weeping. Has he bad any Buspicious visitor lately 1" Not to my knowledge." Your father was a reticent man, I think ?" Y.*, in many respects he was " I suppose it is quite possible, and even pro' liable, that there might have been incidents in bis life, even of late, that you knew nothing at iJl about ?" " Yos, it is f oasible," Bhe answered, still sobbing. <• H e might bsve had secrets which he would withhold even from you, his well ljvtd daugh t e r , - u " I think it likely," ehe murmured, with a Gi8- r.lay of olruost uoeor.trol'.able emotion. ihen. I dv ply hpr with «ny further questions 1 Bat v-liai I bad l?atnt seemed to ma to n Uare ativaaeed the matter another stage. U Oolonel Hulton had been a very retioent man and it waa likely enough that in his life's history was some page be would have wi had to blot out for ever. But our acts oft become our masters; and when we most deBire that tbe dead past Bhould bury its dead, it allows the sheeted ghosts to haunt us, and sometimes drive ub mad, or into our grave! . I was sure now that Oolonel Hulton had bad 1 a secret, and if that secret could be learnt, the clue to the whole mystery would be found- For the next few days the crime was the ta'k of London- It was so mysterious, and to the general public so purposeless. Of conrse, tbe enterprising reporters of the daily papers exhausted their wits in the endeavor to get hold o( every shred of information like'y to be of interest to their hungering readers ; and equally, of couise, it became known tbat the colonel lived apart from his wife and family, his youngest daughter excepted. The curiosity of the curious' was thereby greatiy excited, and tbe spite of the spiteful found vent in the most unfounded Bnd abominable assertions and inuendoes. The coroner's enquiry, beyond proving tbat Colonel Hulton bad been wilfully slain, and leading to a verdiot of " Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown," brought cut nothing in evidence likely to be of use The police were befogged. They had nothing to suggest, and nothing to say. As for myself I had only got together a few links, and as bo many more were wanted to make anything like a reliable chain of evidence, I was nut dispos-d to even bint at what I suspected, it would cnlv have served to warn the criminal and put him on his guard. When the unfortunate gentleman had been consigned to bis last resting-place I called upon his widow. She did not Btrike me as being particularly bright or inteligent woman. Nor did ehe speak altogether kiodly of her husband. bhe inform.d me that for four years tbey had lived apart owing as she termed ic " to incompatibility of temp?r," which really meant, I inferred, tbat Bhewas light-headed and frivokus, wl i e he was a deep thinking, studiouB man with an ingrained love for science. Two such temperaments were hardly likely (o w ei tj > a n (j the result was friction. There did not 6 e em, however, t > have be n any serious quarrel, Bn<j 1 s o w a od again Mrs. Lluiton went out to see her husband at II.mmei6mitt>. ThiB was about the sum and substance of what I could leara f r o m her. Beyond saying that her husband had n e v e r made a coi.fi dan te of her—and she said ihat with a good deal of bitterness—the could suggest or hint at nothing likely to aid mc or give me a clue. One thing that I wss sure of, absolutely sure, was tbat tbe assassin was well acquainted with the colonel's house. How did he gain his knowledge ? With a view to discovering this I cloBely questioned Mrs. Starkie. From her I learnt that about the beginning of August preceding tbe J colonel's death Lydia was away from home. She bad gone with her mother, brothers, and Bisters to the seaside for a week or two. One morniDg during that time Mrs. Start io went intj tbe breakfast-room, wh.^re ber mas er was having hia breakfast. Bhe found him in moody reverie, with bis chin resting on bis hands and bis elbows on the table, while before him * ai an opeu letter. Her t ntran e disturbed liim, and jumpirig np he exclaimed with alto, getber most unusual temper— " Wby did you come in without knocking ?" Then be added quickly— " Pardon me, Mrs Starkie, I am rather put o ut a nd my nerveB are disturbed this morning." f hen as he deliberately tore the letter into minute fragments and toesed them into the fire less grate he Baid—" By the way, I want you to get the spare bedroom on tbe second landing ready. I expect a gentleman here to-morrow or tbe next day, and he may stay a few days." The morrow ^ and tbe day * after tbat came, but o r f o o r evenings h o w£ t£ e colonel, who had been stro'l- U, aV,ut inhis grounds, euteredtbehousein company with a strange man. Mrs. Starkie met tbem in the passage, but as it was dusk she could not^see the maciwell enough to beabtofo B^'j*.^®- he master spoke no word, but T B n (j his visitor went into the dining-room. A few minutes later they pa.sed "PBtaKS snd went to the observatory. Ahcut half-past 10 Colonel table"and go to bed. The next morning thpre was evidence tbat two persens bad supped, Bnd a bitt'.e of champagne had bi en consume !, betides whisky. The spsre bed had also been 1 slept io, but the mvBterious guest was gotip. Mrs. Starkie thought the circumstance singular, aud ber master's behaviour ol rgether nnusual; but in a few days she had ceased to attach any importance to the inc dent, and sbe did not even mention it to Lydia ; when she returned from her holiday. To my mind there was something very significant indeed in this story, and I felt that if tbe of tbe murder was to be solved the ftrangd visitor mu»t be discovered. According to the housekeeper's statement the visitor tal arrived in the dusk of the earning, Bnd in tbe morning he had departed. Why bad be come , Q l Q O Only I of the night did not weigh against my theory that the murderer koew the place. That remarkable visitor was there long rn.ugb to have made himself thoroughly acquainted with the run of tbe house if he had b:en desirous cf doing so. Although I was averse to add in tbe slightest degree to Miss Lydia Hulton's sorrow. I felt constrained to ask her if ehe had been informed by her father that he hid had a visitor in the summer during ber absence. Sbe assured me that Vie had not mentioned a Word to her about it. This strengthened the significance of the incident, and showed that he must have had somj powerful motive for concealing the matter. So iar ss Mrs. Starkie could describe tbe nun be wss about eix or seven and twenty. Ha might even have bfen a little older. He was of fair cc mplexion arid light build, and the belitved, an far as F.fca conil judj'e, that he wan ver/ th-.h- ; il>- It wbr obrions now from all tf:n Olom-l Hulton, as I suspected, hid sjca ia his life, nwl between that dark pags aad the mysterious stranger there was some connsction, , v _ With a view to try and get at the bottom of this I, with the permission of Lydia and Mrs, Hulton, examined the colonel's letters and papers. Bat nothing helped me until going through a bundle of cancelled chf ques.Icame acroesone that bad been left open and made payable to George Lehon. The name was French, and the cheque was drawn on a city bank. The amount was for £2i.O. But what seemed to me of graater import was that the date of the cheque was the 5th ot August. This was about the time of the strange man's visit to Colonel Hulton. Without saying anything to anyone I put that cheque in my pocket and proceeded at once to the bank. There inquiries elicited that the cashier who cashed the cheque remembered the transaction quite well The cheque was presented on the day it was dated, and almost immediately after the bank opened. The person who presented it was a fair man, about seven or eight and twenty, with a lithe, spare figure, and a peculiar furtive expression in his eyes. He was s&abbily; dressed, and spoke with a very pronounced foreign accent. The clerk was induced to take particular notice of him because be insisted that the money should be paid him in sovereigns. Some of these he put loose in his trousers pocket,* The rest he tied up ia a cotton pocket-handkerchief he carried, and thrust that into the side packet of his coat. I jvas now convinced I had got a clue, and a very impaitant one. The man who had visited Cjlonel Hulton in such an unusual way had gone to the house to get money ; that seemed like proof that between him and the colonel waB some dark secret, and that the sccret was used as a means of extorting the money. The man's name was George Lehon, or at any rate he passed under that time. To him the cheque was given, and he presented it at the bank and drew payment Lehon was a French man, and it was by no means straining a point to suppose that he resided in France j that by some means he had discovered Hulton'e address; had written to him a few days later had turned up ; had passed the night at the colonel's house; disappeared the next morning, drawn the £200, Rnd had gone—where ? Deductively I answered —back to France, and the reason that he bad preferred gold was that English sovereigns were Bterling, and that by changing them into French money in France he would gain on them, This was a small point, but it was a part of the minu!:a? which I have always insisted mast be taken into consideration by anyone who would successfully follow up a clue. If I had •truck the right trail, then it was no less clear to me that I must seek my man in France and not in England. George Lehon—or the man who went by that name—had killed Colonel Hulton as an act of spite or in revenge, and having committed the deed he fled to France again. So to France I went, and the following night found me in PariB. I lost no time in placing myself in communication with the police, and in a few hours I had learnt the following extraordinary fact. In the course of the preceding August an acrobat connected with a travelling cirrus, and known in his profession as Paul Poachet, although his name was understood to be George Lehon, was arreBted for a brutal assault on a companion, another Bcrobat named Jacques Iffercier, whom he accused of having robbed him of some Eng lieh gold. As the money was traced to the possespion of Mercier, who had changed some of it into francs at a " bureau de change," Lehon was let off with a light imprisonment and a fine, After bis release it was believed he went south, and nothing more had been beard of him. But by my request enquiries were made by telegraph in different centres for Paul Pouchet, eapposed to be travelling with a circus. As is pretty generally known every itinerant showman in France must be provided with a license, and before he can exhibit in any town ot village he must present his license, together with a list of hie company, to the Prefect, the Maire, a magistrate, or (the chief of police, as the eate may be. Consequently to trace a man like Pouchet in France is an infinitely simpler matter to what it would be in England. And as a matter of fact, before the day was over we received an intimation from the police of a little town called Istres, in the Bouche du Bhone. and not very far from Marseilles, that a travelling circus was showing there, and in the company was an acrobat named Paul Pouchet. By that night's mail train I started, in company with a French detective, for Marseilles, and the following day went on to Ietres. We at once Bought an interview with the proprietor of the show, and learnt that between Chris: mas and the fortnight succeediog it Pouchet had been absent. It was understood that he had gone to Paris on some business of his own. He was described as exceedingly clever as a'4umbler and acrobat; but of a sullen, revengeful disposition. He had a wife and family in Lyons, and he bad frequently been summoned for not contribnting to their support, Since his return after his absence at Christmas time he had been unusually moody, and had drank a great deal, and as a mult the proprietor had given him notice to quit next week, although be bad been with him for some months and was cne of the most prominent members of the company. Armed with these particulars we made an application to the Maire to have Ponchet arrested. This was done and his effects seised. Amongst his things were found an air gun in the shape of a short walking-6tick, and a box of slugs which were identical with the one which the doctors had extracted from Colonel Hulton'e body. Also to packet of letters from Colonel Hulton. An examination of these letters left no doubt that we had found the colonel's murderer. He was subsequently removed to Paris, and I hurried ofE to London to obtain the necessary papers for his extradition. But before the formalities were completed Pouchet, or Lehon, anticipated his doom by poisoning himself in prison. He mnst have had the poison in his possession When first arrested, and believing he had nothing to hope for he had put an end to his wretched existence. Evidence was forthcoming that he had been a reprobate and wastrel nearly all his life, and from certain documents amongst his $2ects and other eouroet of information, it was pere&lc4; tbftt his ffirtbpr had been • cook fa Colonel Hulton's employ soon after he returned from the Crimea, and that the Colonel, who was Lehon's father, had cast him off owing to his disreputable conduct. The letters showed that he had recently been making applications to his father for money, that those applications had been resolutely refused, and he was told that he might do whatever he Hked, bat be would be defied, and that if he went to England the law would be appealed to. With his heart full of burning revengeful feeling the miscreant had crossed the Channel, stealthily made his way to Hulton's house, had mounted to the top of the cistern by means of the water pipe, reached the closet adj lining the observatory, and having carried out his deed of blood had fled back to France—thinking no donbt that be could never" possibly be traced. But muTder will out, and theie .is a " Divinity that shapes o ir ends, rough hew them how we will." 