THE ARCHBISHOP OF ADELAIDE. RECEIVES THE PALLIUM. NO CEREMONY IN ADELAIDE. UKUSUAL PROCEDURE. Immediately the appointment of a new Archbishop to the See of Adelaide was made known attention was turned to tbe time when the gorgeous and solemn ceremony of investiture would take place in St. FranciB Xavier's Cathedral. Now, however, through exceptional circumstances, no investiture will be necessary, aud Dr. O'Reily assumes hiB full title and powers of office in a manner which is peculiarly suitable to his retiring disposition — without any public function. The Cardinal Propaganda sent out on the occasion of Dr. O'Keily's appointment authority for him to use all the "faculties"or spiritual powers «s Archbishop m the same way and to the eame extent as if he had reoeived the pallium. To tbe favour conferred upon him in this way another has been added. It is the rule that ArchbiehopB shall " postulate" or petition within three monohs of their appointment the Pope for the pallium, and this under severe ecclesiastical penalties. In Dr. O'Reily'e case Cardinal Ledoohowski, Cardinal Prefect of tbe Propaganda. kindly took upon himBelf to make the requisite petition for the sacred vestment. He also appointed a procurator to represent the Archbiehop. When an Archbishop " postulates'' by proxy the custom is for the pallium to be oonsigned to one or two prelates of high standing, who are commissioned to inveBt the Archbishop-elect with the insignia of his offioe, whioh insignia is also entrusted to them. In the present instance the practice has apparently been departed from. The Cardinal Prefect informs Dr. O'Keily in a letter received by the JBnglish mail this week that the procurator appointed has been invested in his (Dr. O'fteily'e) name with the pallium, and that all the ceremonies usual on such occasions have been carried out in Rome. This procedure, as far as the Archbishop knows, is rather unusual. Still he reads the Cardinal's letter in the sense already explained. According to Roman practice Archbishops newly appointed were never Addressed as " Archbishops" simply, but as "Arohbiehops-eleot," until such time as the actual investiture with the pallium has taken place. In the letter he has reoeived Dr. O'Reily is addressed as "Archbishop" absolutely. Moreover, there is no mention of prelates charged with the offioe of performing the ceremony of investiture. Finally the pallium has been aatually forwarded to Dr. O'Reily under separate oover, and it is now in his possession. The Arohbishop had oome to town from Glenelg on Monday last to prepare his petition for the pallium when the English mail was delivered to him. Among the letters was the one from Cardinal Ledochowski, while the pallium was sent in a registered paoket. A few words about the manufacture of the pallium and the ceremony of investiture may not be out of plaoe. The nuns of St. Agnes oSer every year two white Iambs upon the altar of their church on the feast-day of their patron saint at the moment when the "Agnus Dei" is being eung at High Mass. These lambs are taken in charge by two of the canons of St. John Lateran, who subsequently consign them to the oare of the apostolic subdeaoons, who send the animals to pasture until the time oomes for shearing them. At the proper season the wool is taken from the lambs, and being mixed with other white wool is spun into thread, from whioh the pallia are woven. The pallium itself is about three fingers in width. It is in the form of a oirole restugoatheshoulders,8urrouadiiig the neck, with a small lappet of the same width before andbehisd. To the band and lappets four black or purple crosses are affixed. The pallia when made are carried by the apostolic Bubdeacons to the BasUioa of St. Peter, and are deposited by the canons of the basilica upon the tomb of the blessed ApostleB Peter and Paul under the high altar, where they are watohed during a night's vigil. Subsequently the canons hand over the pallia te the apestolio subdeacons, who carefully and reverently guard them until required on the appointment of a new Arohbishop or Archbishops. When a prelate has to ask for tbe pallium he petitions for it initimttr, imtantiiu, inttantUtime, first through some procurator chosen from amongst the oonsistorial advocates to the Sovereign Pontiff in Consistory. The Pontiff having dismissed the advocate asks for a vote of those present as to whether the pallium is to be granted. Then he directs the first of the Cardinal-deacons to assign the pallium to the prelate or his procurator. Letters apostolic are subsequently issued in the customary form, and the chief of the Oardinal-deaoons appoints the plaoe and the day tor handing over the pallium. This aereinony usually takes plaoe in the domestio chapel of the Cardinal. On the appointed day the prelate himself, if be happens to be in Rome, attends in the basilica of St. Peter. There are present the first of the Cardinal-deacons and the apostolio subdeaeon with the.pallium, which the latter places and unfolds oh the a'tar. The Arohbishop, standing before the first Car- dinal-deacon on the right hand, where the Gospel is read, makes his petition for the pallium. Then the first Cardinal-deacon, taking the pallium from the altar, places it upon the shoulders of the prelate, who kneels before him while he says—'.' To the honour of Almighty God and the Blessed Mary, ever virgin, andtheBlessed ApostlesPeterand Paul, as well as to tbe Church of . Committed to thy care we deliver unto thee the pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in whom is the plenitude of the Pontifioal office with the title of Arohbishop, which pallium you are to use inside your church on certain days designated in the privileges conceded to the Holy See. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." Then with the help of the Oardinal-subdeacon he adjusts the vestment to the shoulders of the recipient, and gives him the pax cr salutation of peace. The document, duly signed, testifying to the fact of the investiture is subsequently delivered to him. If the new Archbishop is not in Rome the ceremony is more or less similar, exoept that the procurator duly appointed takes the Archbishop's place. Asked to express his opinion on the pro' cedure, Dr. O'Reily only ventured to remark that he looked npon it as extreme kindness on Cardinal Ledochowski'e part to arrange matters as he has done. It is, as for as he knows, quite an usual procedure in matters of the sort. The Archbishop expresses himself in very grateful term ? for the course followed by Cardinal Ledochowski and the Propaganda, 