THE DAY OF REST. ? WITH AND WITHOUT GOD. [By Dp- George S. Barrett]. Therefore I hated life because the work that is wrought under tie sun is grievous unto me; for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.—Ecclesiastes iL 17. lay hold on the life which is life indeed—1 Timothy vL 19. Whatever uncertainty attaches to the authorship of this Book of Ecclesiastes, whether, as most modern scholars are inclined to believe, he was an author of a later age than Solomon, or whether he was Solomon himself, -matters nothing to the interest and meaning of the book itself. It is the story, the tragic story, of the life of a man who tried life without God, and he tells us what he found. The book discusses many difficult and philosophical questions, some of which we are asking to-day; but beyond all these questions is the central theme of the book. It is the one book for this Nineteenth Century, as we shall see Utter on, for it just reveals to us what life this human life is when it is lived without God. I am not at all sure whether the writer of the book really passed through the experience, or whether he only dramatically and poetically imagines it, but in seme form or other he asses through all the various experiences of E tnnan life in quest of the chief good. He works hard at business axid he makes a great deal of money, and then he goes to travsl and sees foreign courts. Then he comes home and surrounds himself with the luxury which he sees in those Courts in hope of finding some satisfaction; but in vain—he is still unsatisfied; there- is the mournful refrain, "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Then he turns to literature and learning, and he busies himself with the books and the discussions _ of tho schools, and he hopes by feeding liis intellect to find rest. Still in vain; the old mournful refrain is heard, '"Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Then he goes to worts of philanthropy. He tries to be a benevolent and good man, and he hopes somehow in this way to get rest, but he still feels the old refrain, Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Then at last he determines to settle down into a home of his own, and he takes a wife, and he hopes in family life to find a little rest at the end of his days. But he hopes in vain; his evil fate pursues him. The life of revelry and pleasure which he had lived when he ins a young man and now the exhaustion of intellectual study tell upon him. Hi« strength is wasted, disease lays hold of him, death draws near, and with all the bitter experience of a wasted life behind him, an experience which rises up like a hollow ghost to mock hhn, he seems to hear only one voice m tile sQent air, "Vanity of vanities, all is vauit/y." He had tried life without God, and there is his verdict, ''vanity." "Feeding upon wind," as the expressive Hebrew literally translated means. It is feeding upon wind—" vanity of vanities, all is vanity. And yet just before death draws near a nobler vision rises before him, and he has one last word to tell us. It is the very best word in this wonderful book. The :n is just about to be laid down, and ere he S vs it down this vision of a nobler, truer life rises before him—^"Fear God and keep His commandments, for this is the whole duty of man." That is the conclusion, he says, of the whole matter. This, in very brief, is the story of this wonderful book, a boek which, as the late Dean of Wells says in his delightful commentary on it, is quite unique in the attraction it has had for the minds of a very diverse order, from Jerome, who read it in his soul, down to Renan of our own time, who says, " It is the only charming book written by a Jew." Bat for us plain men and women this old book of the prea«her ought never to lose its interest; especially it ought not to lose its interest in tliis nineteenth century, for it teaches us the chief lesson of life—that if any man or woman tries life without Grod he will find it to be what this old preacher found it—vanity, and feeding upon wind. And now contrast this verdict of the Preacher with that calm, dear, victorious utterance of the great Apostle, ringing like a elation, as he utters the words, "Lay hold of the life that is life indeed," and you will havo the subject of my sermon to-night—life without God and life with God—the misery and disappointment of the one, the fulness and satisfaction of the other; the one vanity and vexation of spirit, the other life which is life indeed. THE PLEASURES OF LIFE. Let us look, then, first of all for a few moments at life without God. I am very anxious not to exaggerate any single point in order to heighten the contrast between the true and the false life. Let me frankly acknowledge that there are some things in life even without God which are pleasant and delightful and beautiful. First of all we begin life as Kttle children, and to children the nest pleasure is quite enough to make Kfe worCh living; their' little hearts are not troubled with the deep problems of life, and Cod forbid they should be. Ask a boy loaking forward to a cricket match, or a girl anticipating a visit to the seaside, whether life is worth living, and fij^y will wonder whether you are quite sane —the life of the present is enough for them. And then I do not deny that there is some real satisfaction and pleasure, as every one knows, in ail healthy activity. Why, it may bo only a working man working at his trade, but if he does his work thoroughly and well he has a pleasure in it. And so in the higher movements in life—in professional activity, in literary activity, in political life, in ail the higher range and region of the intellectual powers of man — no one can deny that fhere is real satisfaction in the exercise of these powers. And then, teo, no one can doubt that tVire is very much that is very beautiful ill human, love. Indeed, there are eome hearts which are very strangely compounded. They seem to be rich in emotion and deficient in religious feelings; and I have known some hearts go to sleep on the bosoia of a perfect love—a perfect human love—and forget God. Some young people in the golden datys of their early married life, when love is very beautiful .md real and fresh, bright as a spring morning, iqay be tempted to think that is enough. " Wc want no other life; this satisfies us. : ' Now, 1 admit of this freely and frankly; but oh, my friends, it does not settle the fjuestion. The question comas back, " Does it satisfy?" You can put the question to yourself to-night, for we are all of us human, with human hearts and human souls; you can put that question to yourself to-night if you are trying to live life without God. I suppose there are moments in our life—and they are not the worst moments—when the question comes to us, " What of it all? Am I a* rest? Am I satisfied? Sometimes there are still spaces of silence into which the soul enters, and this old problem come? back, "After all, am I satisfied, is life worth living, am I at rest*' 11 THE CAUSE OF PESSIMISM. And I think there are very many indicafions in this present day, in this closing period of tlie nineteenth century, that the world is finding out what this old preacher found out, that life without God is vanity and vexation of the spirit. Let me just give you one of them. Have you ever noticed the vary remarkable fact that much of our higher poetry is unutterably sad ? Tako, for exanrole, the poems of Matthew Arnold: they are Greek iu perfection o£ form and in their faultless , beauty, but how sad they are! That deop j sadn?ss that lav owr the world of which he j so pathetically mu;,'s broods like a cloud over | his own poetry. And when you come to ex- ; aminr the ron=on why he so depresses you, the 1 .mswer is bet-anw} there is no living personal Grod m it—;b is tin; loss of God which explains 1 it all. Or, aeam, what is the meaning of the I pessimism which has mfectcd so much of the philosophic thought of Europe to-day? Why, it is hardly creditable, but you may find men not oniv m this councnr but m Germany, deep thinkers, seriously discussing the question , . . _ w - given us in life was notfertripgitawajy, whether j suicide was not the best thing. What does it i mean? is it not again the old story | that lile withoiit God torus out not I to be worth living? Or take another illustration of the same fact. You cannot live in London without feeling the excitement that characterises modern society. What a rage for excitement there is, for new pleasure on every hand, pleasure after pleasure to be invented to gratify the jaded appetite; always some new sensation, always some latest novelty to be found out; it does not matter how abeurd it is; but there must be some new sensation to please the jaded appetite. What is this feverish excitement, this passion for amusement, this eager hastening after sensation, what is it but simply this nineteenth century finding out the experience of this old book, that life without God is vanity and vexation of spirit? Do you remember the lines Byron wrote on his twenty- seventh birthday? I never open that book and read those lines without unutterable sadness. Byron had tried life in. all its phases, he had touched each point in the brilliant circle, and here is where he comes to at twenty- seven. Think of it, a young man of twenty-seven— that is all. This is nis verdict, and this is his own life as he found it. He puts it in his own inimitable music:— Though wit may Sash from fluent lips, and mirth distract the breast, Through midnight hours that yield no more their former hope of rest, Th but as ivy leaves around the ruined turret wreath- All green and wildly fresh without, but worn and grey beneath. Oh! could I feel as I have felt, or he what I have been, Or weep as I once wept o'er many a vanished scene. As springe in deserts feund seem sweet, ail brackish though they be, So, midst the withered waste of life, those tears would flow to mel LIFE TDBSED TO ASHES. The withered waste of life at twenty-seven! It is possible that some of yon may say, "Oh, that is all very well for a man who spends his life in sensual pleasure, but I have nobler ideals." I have admitted that there is satisfaction in die higher pleasures of the intellect. I do not wish to deny that there is nothing that the young man for example might more worthily desire than to be admitted into what Mr. Russell Lowell calls "the "best society of all the ages, the great intellectual masters of all time, but my point is this, and I want the young men specially to notice it; there is no more real satisfaction for a human soul in intellectual pleasure than there is in sensual pleasure. One is low, degrading, and sinful, I know, but so far as satisfving and feeding the soul you may feed tie intellect and starve the sotd. Some of you remember the story of a young man "who went to Cambridge determined to take the highest prize of that great University, and he tells us in his own diary what his experience was. The day came when the Honours List was to be read out, and his name came as Senior Wrangler for the year. He went back to his room, he says; he had grasped the prize he had been living for, bat it turned to ashes as he grasped it. He burst into a flood of tears; he had found it vanity and vexation of spirit. Do not misunderstand me, I beseech you. I am not imagining that life is to be lived solely with religious aims and religious objects. I do not take a narrow view, I trust, of human life. God has given us various and ample powers, and each one of them has to find its own appropriate satisfaction. I do not condemn any of the generous ambitions of youth. I would not even forbid the less noble ambitions of life so long as they are kept subordinate to the will of God. Let a man earn knowledge or fame, or distinction or wealth or influence, snd if he earn them honestly, well; but I da desire to impress upon you, especially upon young men and women, this one lesson—that it does not matter _ what the end yon set before yourselves in lifo may be, whether it be pleasure or intellectual eminence or wealth, if yau leave God out it will so disappoint you, miserably disappoint you, and you will have a time when you wfll turn from it all with the muttered curse, " All is vanity and vexation of spirit." At Aix-la-ChapdHa is the tomb of the great Emperor Charlemagne. He was buried in the central space beneath the dome, but the manner of his burial to me is one of the most impressive sermons ever preached. In the death chamber beneath the floor the King sat on a marble chair, the chair on which he had been crowned, and wrapped in his Imperial robes. A book of the Gospels lay open on his lap, and as the King eat silent and motionless the finger of the dead man's hand pointed to these words of Christ on the open page of the Gospel, " What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" Ah ! what will it profit a man? j What will it profit you if you gain your own world, your httle world you are aiming at, and lose your own soul? You remember the often-quoted words of St. Augustine, " Thou hast made us for Thyself, and our heart is unquiet until it rest in Thee." Almost the last wordE that stern, grim old Thomas Carlvle wrote were these, they were his last testimony:—"The longer I live," he said, "the more I feel the truth of the old words of the See ten Catechism, 'What is the rfiief end of man? The chief end of man is to glorify God and to enjoy Hira for ever." 5 Ah, my brothers, do not make the bitter experiment, let me beseech you, of trying life without Ged! If you do, one day it will turn to vanity and vexation of spirit. LIFE I5TDEED! And now let us ask what life with God means. "Lay hold on the life which is life indeed." This old preacher had a vision of the true life. It was not the best thing we know about it, but it is the best thing in the New Testament—" Fear God, and keep His commandments." I can give you a better definition of the life indeed than that—a larger, richei-, and a mora satisfying definition. Snail I tell you whose it is? " This is life eternal to know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom Thou hath sent. Those are the words of Jesus: that is Christ's own definition of tho life indeed—to know God, the true God, and Jesus Christ, whom He hath sent. No mau requires demonstration that this is life indeed. It needs none: the mere statement of the truth is its proof. If there be an eternal aud infinite God cm whom I depend for all things, if He has created me and loves me with unspeakable love, if He has spent all the riches of His love to redeem mo from sin, if I am to li ve with Him through eternity a life removed from all the conditions of time and space—then, of all the self-evident propositions you cam put into words, this is the most self-evident and certain, that I am created and redeemed solely to find my life in God, I am too great to find my life in anything less than Grod. Ah, " He that hath the Son hath life, he that hath not the Sou hath not life." This is the life indeed. Aud now you see tbe meaning of what wc are so apt to call the mystery of sorrow, the mystery of pain. I do not deny that there is a great deal in trouble that is mysterious, but 1 sometimes think wo speak too lightly of the mystery of trouble and the mystery of pain, that sometimes it is an open secret why trouble comes to us. Let me put to you this one question—Are we not all of us in danger of forgetting God, of living our life without Him? This world is so pleasant, so delightful in so many respeete of life, that we arc quite satisfied at tunes to go on living without God. We have our little iittie idols, and j .1 c bow down to them and worship / thera, and then God sees that if wo are to be saved He must break our idols iu order that 1 we may come to Him. And so the old! home in which we so many veare tumbles had lived for about our ears; i it was founded upon the sand, aud the I rain descends aud the winds blow, and the ' poo,- nakrd s„nl, homeless destitute springs ' ba-k co the God it had forgotten to find ir Him life indeed. The other day I to rcadiif the diary of a life which in many rcspects is most instructive and pathetic. It was the story of a man who had had unusual prosoeritv Lookiu" through this diary I came across these words: "God lieu? broken silence with me" Do vou know what they mean? Great crushing sorrow had fallen on him, and that, man who had _ „ „ darkness awolce to tSe fact thai God was near to him, and that God had come to him in the great trouble of his life; and then he wrote these words, "God has broken silence with me." Ah, life indeed! That is its desismation. I do not say it will not have its troubles its disappointments, perhaps eve»»tefaQim; but the troubles and disappointments of gat life as little affect it as the stoiTOB &» sweep across the Atlantic touch _ th? Jj*2?t calm of the ocean beneath. It is' Kfe indeed! Nothing disturbs its central, ppaoe, fori® is founded upon God. And then, WW the end comes—as it will come to us and Mends stand round the bed, and last farewells are spoken, and the eyes are clooea » in death, and we make the last journey to (pat "bourne from which no traveller cebirns, and our feet touch the waters of the oold river —in that supreme and awful hour will €he life indeed fill us then? Listen 1 The man tvho wrote these words, "Lay "hold of the life which is life indeed," tells us what he felt on. the verge of eternity: "I am now ready to pe offered, and the tame of my departure |b Bt> hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown cf • righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give me at that day; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His appearing." Such, my brethren, ate the contrasted lives. And now let me ask you, and especially those of you who have your life yet to live—let me ask you what life, which life will yw choose—life without God or life with Crtd? In tbe cemetery set Highgate yonder there lies one who not many, years ago was one of the most famous and distinguished mathematicians of his day, bat who lived died without faith, I bdieve, in a personal God. On his tomb are these words. I before they were placed on his tomb at las owe request—" I was not, and I waa cpnoeivedi I • loved and did a little work; I am not, ana l Is that life indeed—ibis wongneve not. . ! Serful, "ph. throbbing htenan Efe, with aR,ljs : wealth of love audits rich and golden memory, to end there? I am not aad I grove not 1 Now, contrast with that thelast wordsjMkSn ; by a man whose life had been mie of Jong', continuous suffering, but who in his rofferiPg ; m Z th^laTIfc l T f Lynch. As he was lying dying, and 'his sorrowing wife bent in die last agony of love , over him, the dying eyes opened and tsednng . hps murmured: Now for real life." Thaii^ was the life indeed, on which, in iisfulness, he :;': was now entering. " MayG&d; of His infinite mercy enaMe eaeh , ; sa one of us _. . to-night „ to - pot . to himself ... this J question—"What is my life; forwhatam-I | kving?" And then may there come, like a | voice from the Eternal, the words of tor second text, "Lay hold cm the life that is life indeed." 