A BROKEN LETTER. ''It hit lorutbfp waiting breakfast, Par kins, or feu be already began ?" oncd Lady Ereahaai ranting like & whirlwind in a riding habit into the great cool, pillared lull of Eveaham Houao ono fair Mav morsinor. " HI lordahip it not yet down, roy lady ; hnt Leon baa been with him tbree- quarten of an hour,' autwered Parking, j " Then'eerto brcakfaat ; hit lordship won't Ibe long." And Lady Evesham, with the lilt of a valae to which abe had danced tho previous night babbling from her lips, be took horself to the sunlit, flower decked snuggery where ehn and her hatband alwaya hail their first me< ting of the day. " LaE-ia, !a!U, la, la. Ah, how pretty that is 1" said the, finishing tho phrase with j a llttlu tritl. " And how well Rupert | Leighton dances ! Put then ho'a a sort of , I modern 1 Admirable Crichton '—and ho , knows it," Sho pulled her white tailor-hat from her olo«oOLrled head, and then began to unbutton ii<r riding-glvea. " Hut I suppose he's beeu spoilt. He's awfully handsome, ami ho' had a curious aticc<-» in making women the fashion. He launched LitUy Lowstoft two seasons ago, ami I'm sure she's no great boauij-, with hsr Boagrecn eyes and wuite drawn faoo ; yet she's boen all tho rage Last night ho said be nn-aul to make mo the new beauty." A delicinua Utile smile dimpled the corners of her mouth and flickered in the depths of her grey eyes. "Ah ! wbst non- aooae I'm thinking. I'd better see what the post bu brought." She turned briskly Pom the window to the brsakftst- table, but tbe coquettish smile still lingarcd in her eyes as she ran through her morning's correspondence. "A card for the doohesa's daneo on Thursday. Concert tiokets from Madame Bono. Hum!— all tho Royalties going. 1 must bay them, I suppose. To meet the Priaco at Mrs Samuel Eichstein's. Heavens 1 how these Jews do get everybody. What's this ? Ao invitation to dinner from Mrs de Mentmorcney. Why, that's the dreadful woman who bad a stall next mine at that bazaar affair op in Scotland. Tony Brockle hurst told me she was qulto impossible." Sho tossed tbe notes aside, and gave a little yawn that just showed two rows of very white tsothsnd tho tip of a scarlet tonguo. " What a dull post 1 1 wouder if John has got anything betior?" Her white fingers wandered among tko ptlo of lottors by her husband's plate. "From tbo steward; from Jeuks, tho trainer ; from tho lawyers. Three with tho city postmark, flvo from oinbs. That ono is from Lady Janet Stepnoy, I know— begging, of course, for her orphans, or curates, or indigent mothers ; that's from Bettio Stanhope— what a nigglo he writes ; — — mid Oh ! this must be what they call a type written thing." Lady Evesham picked from the scattered pilo a common square envelope bearing an East-end postmark and addressed in type to " The Viscount Evesham, Evesham House, Park lono." " How queer it seems that a machine should write all that so straight and neat. I'd no idea it looked so tidy and basinetglike. 1 think I'll make John boy mo one to write to ray droasmaker with. Typewriting looks so awfully ficroo." She scrutinised the letters still closer. "This one isn't quite faaltless, though. There's something wrong with tbe capital E. It'agot a white spot— Ah I John at laitl" She dropped the letter among the others, and ran to f root her husband, who stooped from his soperior height and kissed her wry lovingly. A year ago society had called John, Viscount Evesham, apod 55, a fool to aaddlo his wealth and bis freedom with a mare girl as & wife ; but his bride bad been do aweot, so gracious, so innocently pleased with her nowsarroundiags, and so uoaffooted, that at tho beginning of this her second season the raoBtcyuioal had voted tho marriage a euo e»Bs, and the young visoountcis an acquis!. ti0D. Lord Evesham adored his wife, yot with that tentative worship, thatlovo tinged with doubt, which must always be where tho adorer is spoesingswifily down life's hill and the object of adoration is every day growing mora lovely and raoro dcslrablo. His first few months of mimed life, when, aa n bride. Lady Ereaham, had won wide spread and open admiration, had been tor- tnro to him. Even now his self«deprociatorj doobts were only lulled to alnmber by tho perfectly blameless conduct of bis wife. " I'm sorry to havo kept yon waiting, my dear," he began, with old-fashioned courtesy, "hot the morning was so fine I madosuro jou woold prolong yoor ride." "So I might have done, for Mr Leighton — he hae quite constituted himself my cavaliers servants in the Row— was most amusing ; bat Kittle Ilamer joined as, and its horrid riding threo abreast— ono has to snoot so. I left them at the top ef the Row. and " "Loighton rides with yon, does he?" queried Lord Evesham, looking over the top of hit letters. " Yes, dear ; almost always." And then ira utterly unacoountablo foolish blush roso from tho edge of ber linen collar to where the tendrils of her tawny hair kissed her white brow, natil throat and ears and ohesks woro slil/t) bathed in tbo crimsou tide. "Hum I" said his lordship, while Lady Evesham, furious with herself at tho iriok ln-r unruly self- consoiousness had playod with her, took rofuge in her breakfast. Silonoo reganod, broken only by the faint tickle of tbe silver and china and by the rustle of Lord Evesham's lottors. Baddct>ly bo started, grew pale, then rod, looked from bis wifo to a slip of paper in his hand, and back again. What a stranpo coincidence'! "Waath yonr wife 1" in typewritten oharaotore, stared from the paper before him ; opposite was tbo downcast face ot his wife— the face which had beenbnta moment book dyed with a cullty blush at tho chance mention of tbe name of a mere acquaintance. The cost moment he gatherod up hi# letters and loft the room. Lady Evesham, too, sprang from her chair, " Why was I such a fool ?" she criod to her self is a tall mirror, " What made me do such a hatofui, stupid, undorbrod thing as to blnsh Uke a gawky schoolgirl— and at Rupert Leighton'# name, too I— a man who-"-" Bhe did not . speak the words that rose to her llpa. Ooly toe faint coquettish smile— the smllo of a woman who is beautiful, who is flattered, who is beloved dawned again tnjth misty depths of her eyes. And it was with that same smile that she welcomed Mr Lolgbtou in her opera-box that night, and U was with the same mysterious smile of triumph that, an hour liter, she floated round a ballroom in tho arms of tho man for whom sho had blushed so strangely in the morning. Beforo Lord Evesham's eyes and in his ears were ever tho words, "Watch your wife I" A younger map, one surer of his hold npon a woman's heart, would have shown her the shameful thing. But. ho was afraid. Ho trlod to keep the burden of doubt and dis belief to himself; yot Beatrix Evesham guested at its existence, though she knew neither Its origin nor reason. Only the fett that tbero it as no love behind his courtesy, no warmth la his kindnosa, no faito in his generosity. "Watch yodr wifo!" Lord Evesham I watched, and Ladv Evesham knew it One ni«iht, at Harllngham, her wounded pride found vont Rupert Loighton, as ever, was by ber lids as she strolled to the river's edge, and, with tho petulance of a spoilt child, for the first tirao gave words to her trouble. She was overwrought, Mid lor a few momenta she spoko hysterically, in coherently, soarcaly reckoning that she had a listener. Theo, with a little sob, she dropped hor head on ber arms and began to cry, as an angry woman will. " Lady Evesham, what yon tell me shooka me torrihiy I Are yon sure— 1" " Am I sure ? I am dogged at every hour of the day, I am questioned about my move ments, then doubted to my faoo. It Is moat shameful I" ' " It In most enxol," said Leighton, slowly, "Pardoatho question, but have you given him any cause V' "Mr Leighton I how dart you !" flashed from ber through tho cobalt summer night. Ho bowed humbly beforo ho spoke again. "Then, to what do you attribute this ohange I Has any other woman— ! She shook her head. Saddenly through the shadows Rupert Leighton's baod etole to Beatrix Evesham'# arm, and lie drew ber so olose to him that his breath faooed her hot obeoks. " Lady Eveebam, I havo an Idea. What If your husband is oarryiug on an Intrlnuo with a woman f What if he fears diaeovery and subsequent proceedings, and is even now making every effort to tramp up a counter charge against yon ? ' "Ah I Mr Loighton, how horrible, how cruel to ruio one woman, aud that bis wife, at tbe expense of another — l" "Whom he loves," whispered Leighton. Do yon not see, can yon not heUevo, that thle Is tbe tenth— that he is tired of you— that your youth and lnnooense and beauty I are not enough for him? Ah! Lady Evesbam— Beatrix— let me convince yon: let me find proof that what I uy is true." I "Mr Leighton, I cannot, dare not. ask you to interior# in this most terrible difficulty, i Yoa've been my friend, my good friend, and > I believe yon have my happiness and welfare at heart, but — " Leighton's arms were abont her new; h| heart beat strong agaiust her breast. I ''Beatrix!1' he murmured hearselv, "J have no friendship for yon. Love, adora tion, passion fill me f«r y»n If I can con vince you of the trnth ot my suiplcioos, give me my guerdon— give me yonrealf." She clipped from his urma and fled down tbe dim parthway. " Where have yon been all this time!" 'ft herhuriiand'tivolce riuouirii the dusk. "The hor,# have been wailing for hill an hour." " 1 am toady to bo," answered Lady Eves, ham, and, looking neither lo tlieritfnt nor tc the left, sho swept beforo him to her car nags. Lady Evesham /.lepi little that night. Hei shattered faicii in hur uUsb.tud'n loyally aii( trust, Leightou's lova, her own uubnppinea. ;o«tlediu bur brain tho weary hours through! and It was a very ghost < f Lady Eriiliaa who sipped ber chocolate next morning and broke tho teals of half a dozen letters. Suddenly the blood rnahed to hor pslefsca, She ait upright among her lace trimmed pil- Iowa. A common envelopo, bearing a type written address, quivered in one hand; a she of paper was In tiie other. "If yon would h.y. a proof, bo lo nrir.lt room No. 3 at tho Imperial Cafe to-day al four o'clock." " Ne signature, no address," cried Beatrij Evesbam. " But the envelope is enough. Tho E's are broken like those on that other letter whicn csme five weeksago. Ah ! who can be so baae, so wiokod as to wish to wantonly destroy the happiness of two live J" The big clock ovsr the Imperial Cafe had barely atrook four, when a womao, whore perfect toiletto was marred br the singular thickness of her veil, glided into the doorway and asked tbe way to the private rooms. " Upstairs and to the left." And scarcely hod tho lady disappeared when Lord Evesham Jasicd into tbe building, and followed In the air one's footsteps. His lordsbip moved quickly, but in epift of his efforts only arrivod in tho dlsoreet cor ridor on which tho private rooms woro, io time to hear the sharp oiick of a dosing door, followed by an exclamation in a voloe he knew too well. The sound came from No. 3. Lord Eve sham looked round. Luncheons were over, dinners not yet begun ; he was alone, and In another second was pressing bis eyo to the email keyhole. " You hort Mr Leighton 1 I don't under- stand, said the voice. " Lady Evesham, don't nut me in tbe posi tion of having to explain." It was Leighton who answered. "Explain? Explain what? Ah! a light breaks in upon mo. I begin to understand. It is you— yon— a gentleman, a friend, who Bent tho letter to my husband which has nearly broken bis heart and wrecked my life. It i.« you, the maker of society beauties, he most popular man in town, who have woven a tissue of lies about me, and hor. .pro.l a net for :ne to-day into wliloh my foot bave almost strayed. Answer me, Mr Leighton — Why have you done thia thing ! ' Her voice all throogh had been low and steady, it was Leighton'a which shook as be answered — " Becauso— became I love yon I" u Bab I Men such aa yon do not know tbe mooning of that rarrod word. The reason I came here to-day was to dlsoover the Identity of tho person, man or woman, who seat those two letters to ray husband's house. 1 find you, whom I believed to be a friend, whom I now know to be a foe— and yon talk to me of love I" She flung oat her bands, "Ah. that I Wore a man to punish you as you de serve 1" Her prayer for a rlghtooua revenge was answered. Tbe door opened a little space, and the tell, spare form of Lord Evesuaa slipped into tho room. " John I You hore cried Lady Evesbam, laying hor fingers across her month to stifle the iittlo scream of joy that arose In htr throat. " Stand aside 1" said his lordship. Then with upraised arm, be advanced outheouL prlt. Twice tho writhing victim cried for mercy, and twice Lord Evesham muttered, "Coward f When at last the heavy walking-stick napped in two, Lord Evesham, without oast- tag one look at what lay at his feat, turned to his wife and led her from tbe room. Once ontside in tbo dim silence of the ooi> ridor, Lady Evesham raised her husband# bands to her lipe and kissed them. " Thank you— thank yon a thouaaod times. ,..k ' dear, why did yon not trust Lord Evesbam bowed low before her. "Dear wife! I cannot regret what I have done to-day. I shall trust yon to tbo last hour of my lifo." Then her ladyship rooted a little. " John, doar, tsko mo borne quiokly. It was so awful sight, I fool— rathor— faint."— 1 " Th« World. ,r 