TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2ixn, 1S95. Air amusing comedy 'was performed on Saturday night at the Oxford Theatre, Melbourne, when no less a personage than the Rev. A. It. Edgar was the hero of tho occasion. Theatres are not the places in which to dud "Wesleyan clergymen, as a rule, hut then you never know where to have Mr Edgar ; now he is in the " slums," then we find him at the bar of the Assembly, and here he appears behind the footlights of tho stage, ready to exclaim with the Quaker who disposed of the bully in one act, " Whatsoever thy right arm findeth to do, do that with all thy might." The occasion of the K6v. A. R. Edgar's first appearance on the music hall stage was due to some remarks recently made by him with respect to the employment of women as barmaids at hotels. It was at an "Alliance" gathering, and, all that Mr Edgar really did, was to read from the report of a Royal Commission of some years ago in which certain evidence was given, showing that the employment of women purveyors of intoxicants was fraught with much mischief. But a gay cavalier, in tho person of a Mr Daly, chose to fasten upon Mr Edgah the full responsibility of his utterances, and with as much liber ality, as gallantly, he engaged the Oxford Theatre to vindicate the bar maid's cause. At the appointed hour the champion mounted the platform in full evening dress, and wearing in his button-hole the white flower of a blameless life, and commenced his indictment against the rov. gentle man. The rest of the story is so well told by the Herald, that it would be a pity to miss a word of it:— " But when he had been going smoothly for about a quarter of an hour a singular thing happened. A burst of cheering broke from a large section of tlio meeting, and all eyes became concentrated on the door on what is technically known as theO.P. side of the theatre, near the stage. Through that door had marched a tall figure. It came in Bilently. Its entrance was'like that of the figure in Hamlet, nt the point in Act I. ut which the stage director says:— Enter Ghost. The face of the figure was palo, but its clothes were black. It bowed in response to the cheers, and then qnietly made its way across the front of the theatre towards the stairs leading to the stage. But it wasn't a ghost. In fact, the figure was that of tlio Bev. A. R. Edoar, who had come to hear j what was to be said about himself. j " Mr Daly went ou quoting bits from the » report for a few minutes longer, then some- I thing was evidently amiss, for the speaker j hesitated, stopped, spoke to the chairman, I and sat down 1 | The audience was amazed. Cries of * Go ( on!' were raised. But Sir Daly leaued his • head on his hands and made 110 nign. Thou ' Mr Moloney (his chairman) got up and : explained the situation. "A very unpleasant duty devolves upon \ me/ he said. * I have to announce the j breakdown of the lecturer. (Laughter.) Oh, I it isn't a mutter for laughter. Mr Daly is far from well, and unfortunately he now has to stop. This is a subject to which he has paid great attention ; in fact, I think he has been working too hard about it lately. He is now quite unable to go on ! " And tlius the field was quietly sur rendered to the 6edate gentleman in black, who quickly told all that he had done in the matter, and the meeting cheered him for it. Miss Ellex Hart (a lady not altogether unknown to fame) contributed to the lively in terest of the proceedings, and probably when Mr Daly retired from the scene ho went straight home rather than face the expectant Hebes whose cause ho had undertaken to champion and had so signally failed in doing. 