i The False Beacon. - I — » ii A STORY OF THE SEA. 3 BY COLONEL ARTHUR L. MESEEVE. 1 It bid fair to be a wild, rough night alone 1 the New England coast. | All day the sea had been moaning as though I in pain, troubled with a wild unrest. As the 1 sun went down over the cliffs to the wbnr«a.j 1 the moaning increased and the sky grew darker 1 Wild scuds came in from the water, and, torn 1 and ragged, went flying away over the storm- 1 beaten cliffs. I Half-hidden at the foot of one of them was 1 a rough hat or cabin of stone. So much was it 1 like the parent rook beneath which it was built " that one might pass it by and hardly perceive : it, unless it happened that smoke was curling above its roof. The night in question two men stood in the doorway, gazing out upon the water. Both were men of upwards of fifty years of age. ftxeir garb and tanned faces showed that they were fishermen, toilers of the sea or along the shore. For some minutes they stood without speak ing, and then he who seemed a little the elder broke the silence by observing : " It is time that I was off to the light. It won't be long before I must have the lamp trimmed and burning." 44 Which one, Abram r" 44 Why, mine to bs sure." 44 Why not try mine to-night ?" 44 Because I see no game out on the water." 44 But you can't tell what there may be. In ' an hour from now the wind will be blowing great guns, and will b3 just right to throw a ship on the rocks." 44 I'm afraid to play this game too often. If we should be caught, short shrift they would give us. Our necks would not be worth a wisp of straw." 44 Nothing ventured, nothirg gained, Abram." 44 1 know that; but I, for one, ain't ready to have my neck stretched for nothing." " But we run little risk. There will be no one out in the storm that will soon he raging to give us away." His companion shook his head. ' You are not sure of that. I f they had any suspicion of us, it would be just such a night a9 this bids fair to be to pay us a visit. If they should come and find a light out on yonder crag, while mine was out, as I said before, our necks would soou feel the halter drawn about them." Abram made a motion as though he would depart. His boat lay down beneath the cliff, and it would take but a few moments for him to run out to the great rock on which the light house stood. "Don't hurry, Abram. You've plenty of time yet. I will go down to the beach with you as soon as I make everything safe here." 14 Where's Huldah ?" ' She went down to the village soon after noon. She ought so have been hack a long time ago. Something must have kept her longer than usual." He closed the rude but strong door of the cabin, and prepared to accompany his com panion. He meant, if possible, to have him agree to the devilish deed he contemplated. The heads of the two men disappeared under the cliffs. Hardly had they done so when another appeared on the scene they had turned their backs upon. It was a young woman, who seemed to spring up from among the rocks about the cabin like some ghost-like Bhadow. Approaching the door she threw it open, and passed within. A fire of driftwood was burning upon the rude hearth, and approach ing this, she held out her hands to the genial warmth. Bat she only remained here for a moment. The next she was at the one window that looked out over the sea. The men were not in sight. The rocks hid them from her view. " What shall I do ?" she cried, in a tone that rang through the room. " There will he more mischief to-night. I heard part of the conver sation, and I know that Sam will bring Abram round, so that he will not light his lamp to night. Then the false beacon will he lighted, and if a ship comes sailing this way, it will be dashed apon the cruel rocks. Oh, to think that the same blood runs in my veins as in his ! But sometimes I think that he cannot he my uncle. There never could be two people more unlike than we. I hope and trust that my father was not tike him." Once more she was silent, watching to seethe boat of Abram start out over the water, the surface of which was already becoming agitated by the rising breeze. At length she saw it, and a little later the head of her uncle appeared above the rocks. "He's coming," she murmured to herself. " I wish I knew what had passed between them since they went down over the cliff." The wrecker came up, and a look of surprise and suspicion flashed over his face as he saw her through the window. "You back?" he said, as he entered the room. " How long have you been here ?" " Only a few minutes, uncle." " Had you come a little sooner, Huldah, Jou would have seen Abram. He has been over from the light to make us a call." " It is jnst as well, since I don't know as I cared to see him. There is something about the man that always makes me distrust him." Sam gave . her a aharp look. "I thought you were good friends," he said. "We don't quarrel, uncle." 34 He think a gpftd deal of you. Sometimes I have been afraid that he might win you away to the light, and leave me alone here." "You need have no fear of that. I rather find myself at the hottonof the sea to be In the company of a man whom l trust." 44 Abram is all right, Huldah.H # <t He may bo .for you; but ifhe is hot ft | villain, I never saw the faoe of one." 1 Huldah went to the doorway. The wind was rising fast, and already the old ooean began to murmur with a wailing sound that rose every moment. Before midnight she felt sure that a tempest would be abroad ever Bea and land. She gazed steadfastly for several minutes on the scene before her, as though looking for some one. Then, With a disappointed look upon her faoe, she turned, and commenced to pre pare their evening meal. Sam had seated himself by the hearth when he first came in, but now he rose, and went out of doors. The rising wind or the roar of the gea made him nervous, and he found it im possible to remain in one place. Hu.aah gave' another glance out of the window, " What shall I do if Edwin does not come ?" she said to herself, in a low tone.. Bomfc-s, thing tells me that some awful thing.fall happen this night unless it can be averted. When uncle and Abr&m; put their heads together they mean no good. I'm afraid the false beacon will be lighted to-night, and the true\one left in darkness and gloom." \ It did not take her long to prepareeir re past ; then she called to her uncle without. Ho came Lp and took his seat at the table, buV-bsr seemed to have no appetite. Huldah also appeared to be in the same state; and when, a few moments later, he again went out upon the rocks, she rose and commenced to clear away the dishes. He did not remain about the cabin, but took; his way over the crags. . . The girl shuddered. She well, knew where he was going, and what was his errands. He was going to light the false beacon, which had lured more than one ship to destruction upon the treacherous rocks. He had hardly disappeared when the sound of footsteps fell upon her ear. She gave a quick start and turned her face in the direction whence they came. She saw a young man hurrying" towards the cabin, springing from rock to rock. A little later be was at the doorway, and had clasped her in his arms. - " Oh, Edwin, I'm so glad you have come !" she said, in a tone that showed she meant what she said. "And I am glad to he here, Huldah. But what has happened that makes you unusually giad to see me?" i ' They mean harm to those who may be along the coast to-night. The false beacon will be lighted, and a strong snip may be dashed to pieces on the rocks I" " How do you know this?" " Abiam has just gone from here out to the li<rbt When he and mv uncle nut their heads together there is always something wrong." " Well, we will watch and see what they are up to. If they kindle the false light on the cliffs it will not burn long. If it goes out, then Abram will light his lamp. As soon as it comes dark, we will see what Sam is up to on the shore. We both can run his light for him." " Edwin, what should I do without you?" she said, as she nestled close beside him. "Rather, what should I do without you, Huldah. You are the apple of my eye. I hope the time will soon come when i can call you my wife." With a hand in each other's they sat by the window, ever and anon casting their eyes out over the cliff to where the false beacon had lured ships to their destruction. All at once a flame showed itself on the rocks. The young man started to his feet, and strode out through the open doorway. " Be careful, Edwin," cried the voice of Huldah. " I will," he answered back. Old Sam was bending over the treacherous fire he had kindled. He had not a thought that a human being was near him, until he felt a hand laid upon his shoulder and he was thrown violently back upon the rocks. " Villain ! What are you doing?" cried the vouug man. 44 People have said that you were a wrecker, and now here is ihe proof. It would be serving you right if I should d&sh; you down over the cliffs to your death. It would be only serving you as you would the helpless voyager." " Have mercy ! I am an old man. You have caught me in my vile act ; but don't turn me over to those who would place a rope about my neck." " You deserve it ; hut for the sake of one dear to me I will keep your crime a secret. But it iB on condition that you leave this region at ©nee." " To-night r" 44 Yes." " But Huldah t" " She will be cared for. Go to Gorling, and stay there until you hear from me. if yon haven't money in the cabin, I will send yon some. Then drop ont for ever from this little world that has known yon." The villain slunk away in the darkness, and Edwin went hack to the cabin, but not until he had seen that the true light was ablaze as usual. As soon as the storm was over, Edwin.rowed out to the light, and later he reported to the keepers that their man was gone. It was not long before Edwin made Huldah his wife, and the secret of the lights was shared between them.- Weekly Budget." Poor Fellow. — Hungry Tramp: " Have you a bite of cold viltles, ma'am?" The . Lady of the House » I can gird yon a bite t of cold tnrkey, if " Hungry Tramp : ; l( Lady, this is the last straw, I've ha< nothing to eat bat cold turkey since Christmas Day. I kin go quail on toast for thirty days, bat I can't go no more cold \- turkey. I'm turned agin it for ever. Hain't you got no cold red herrings or iried liver or somethin' ?" When through with holiday pleasures, We then 'must wildly strive To place on everything W write An 189ft. 