Tales of the Unexplaiu able {BY ERNEST FAVENC.) ^OMB SHADOW OP. A SHAUOW. p -^ HE moon shone 4~%& brightly through 'Jm the many chinks U.% of the old hut, in BV the walls of \\*L which were se f veral gaps caus t eti by the slabs ', having fallen % down. Two tra ^ vellers who were ' camped on the hard earthen floor for the night were suddenly aroused by a wailing sound that seemed to pass by their resting -, place like the sigh of a breeze. Both ?raased themselves on their el bows and listened. The wail came round once more, and as it swept by a passing gloom seemed to glide through *he hut, as though the moon's light had been eclipsed for one brief in stant. . . The men were silent Rising, with one accord, they went to one of the gaps and looked out, for the sound was approaching once more. It came, it passed, and for an instant there was pg^iin a shade of gloom, and both men afterwards swore positively to seeing a plainly-defined shadow cross the broad path of moonlight. Not a shad owless man, but a shadow without the necessary substance to cast it -The wail died down in the distance, and tlie men broke their silence. 'Rum sort o' thing, Jim. See that shadder?' 'My oath I did. And did yer hear what the thing cried out?' 'Sounded to me as if it was calling out, 'Blind, blind.'' 'Just what I took it to be.' 'Blame these old huts,' said the first speaker, as they returned to their blankets. 'A fellow never knows what he's going to get. If they're not chock ful of fleas, why, it's ghosts as come moanin' around.' When the men reached the next townshin. some thirtv odd miles away, they told their tale. They were two fencers who had just finished a con tract and were well known in the dis trict as steady, decent men, not by any means given to romancing. The story seized on the superstitious feel ings of the townsmen, of which every man has a more or less sized share, the oldest inhabitant failing to recall any tragic story connected with the old hut and several excursions were made to test the truth of it by daring spookhunters. They all, with one ex ception, came back unsuccessful, the exception being a party of three, who, having loaded themselves up insideand out with whisky, returned with a rich ly-embroidered yarn of ghosts, devils, imps, and hobgoblins, sufficient to satis fy the yearnings of the wildest imagi nation. In due time the story was forgotten, save by one man, who, having a theory of his own, had carefully noted the date' of the vision of the shadow, and on the following year departed without beat of drum one morning of that date. Although the moon's age was slightly different, it was old enough to give a good light, and the 'night was clear and still, and the inquirer after the supernatural slept restlessly, as a man would do who had exchanged a com fortable bed for a blanket on a hard floor. He was awakened by footsteps, not by the mysterious sounds heard by the former temporary occupants. A man's figure appeared at the door less aperture, peered in, then entered. 'Who's that?' demanded the first tenant 'Hell!' replied a voice, somewhat cracked and shaky. 'Who's that your self? I'm not frightened of you, darn you.' The ghost- seeker struck a match, and saw before him an- old swagman, with a white, tobacco-stained beard, having the usual swag over one shoulder. He blinked at the sudden flare of liglit, then remarked: 'Dossing here, old man? What brought you out here? Don't look as though you were in the bluey line.' 'No; I came here to find out if this hut's haunted as they say it is.' 'Yes, that blessed yarn got in the papers, and 'as I was coming' around ?this way, I thought I'd just go out of my road a bit to have a look my self; so I'll keep you company.' And he threw his swag on the ground. At that moment a wail of downright agony, a cry of 'Blind! blind!' rang through the forest without, startling both the men in the hut. On it came, and with it the gruesome darkening of the moonlight The ghost-seekerhad not recovered himself sufficiently to look out for the moving shadow the others averred they had seen; but on the second approach of the ghostly voice, now wailing loudly, as though knowing that there were listeners to shriek its torments to, he went to the open door and stepped out There was no doubt of it— a shadow did cross the open space in front of the old hut A shadow, it seemed to the watcher's excatted fancy, like that of a man, stumbling along, holding both hands to his eyes. He waited for the third re petition, and just as the weird shadow became visible he felt himself thrust on one side, and the old sundowner pushed past him, saying, 'He's come for me. I must go after him, and see what came of him.' He went on and followed the invis ible presence, and the ghost-seeker felt himself constrained to follow too and see the end. On through the silent forest they went, the viewless leader, toe muttering old man, and the en tranced spectator. On, on, a zig-zag course they kept, until at last they stopped. The old man looked about still talking to himself, saying: 'He .must 'a bin about here, must 'a bin here as he died.' The supernatural voice had ceased, and presently the old man squatted down on the ground, with his back against a tree, and the Other stooped over him and urged Mm to get up and return. 'I'm a-going to stop here,' he re plied. 'Come daylight, p'raps Fll find Ibid.' This was all that could be got out i of him. ? Suddenly the other asked, ''Wiiat do you know about this?' 'Know about it? Why, I knows all fltoont it. Just you listen and TU tell yon. You can't see in the dark, but I'm a boko' (one-eyed) 'and it was Bill Simmons as made me so. It was mgb upon thirty yeans ago, and I could make good wages anywhere, and one night we was having a bit of a jamberee, and Bill was there, and he was one of the nastiest-tempered fel lows in his drink as ever you came across. Bill got on to me, and pre . sently he got my monkey up, and I gives. him the lie straight out ''Say that again,' he shouts; 'call me a blooming liar again, and 111 split y're skull open.' 'Of course, I ups and calls him no end of a thundering liar, and what does the cur do but let drive at me with one of them big, heavy tumblers. It caught me fair in the eye, and smashed all to bits, etna a piece of it cut right into my eyeball. 'The other fellows bandaged me up, and took me to the doctor, and hesaid I must go to the hospital; and they took me there. Some of 'em went for Bill, but he never 6eemed sorry; said it served me jolly well right for calling such names, and he'd never given any provocation, and paid out a lot of slack of that kind. I had to stop weeks in the hospital, and while I was there he cleared out of the dis trict: and you bet he didn't give any address where to find him. When I came out, t'other eye was a bit bandy — doctor says as how it was for sym pathy. ? Queer sort of sympathy, it seemed to me. 'Well, all my bad luck set in then. First of all, a young woman as was going to marry me went back on me — says as how she never could abide a man with one eye; didn't seem natural like. Beside, that dead eye of mine would give her the jim-jams — always reminded her of an old horse her fa ther had who took fright at some wash ing hanging out and smashed the cart I told her as how I didn t intend to take fright at no washing; but she wouldn't have it at any price, and I got left. A few of the people who knew what a good workman I had beeu gave me an odd job, but it w as poor truck, and gradually I had to drift about, travelling, getting any thing I could do. So years went on, and I never clapped my one eye on Bill Simmons, until one blazing hot day I come to that old hut where you was camped. It was sound enough then, and there was a shepherd there with a flock of sheep. But there was no sheep about when I came there — only a inau with his eyes tied up lying groaning on the bunk, and my colo nial! if it wasn't Bill Simmons, blind as a bat with sandy blight. I knowed him by his snarly voice, with which he cussed me for letting the light in. ' *I say. damn you, whoever you are,' he said, 'will you go into the head sta tion and tell 'em as I'm stone blind with the sandy, and 'the sheep's all over the country, and they must send out and get 'em together 'fore the dogs get among 'em?'' 'No', I'm hanged if I will,' says I. 'My name's Jim Donnelly, who you made a boko of years ago with chuck ing a glass at him. and you just about ruined me. you cur.' ' 'Jim Donnelly, are you?' he said. 'Yes, I am, and you can just lie on your bunk and swear until somebody conies out from the station. If you wasn't as you are I'd take it out of your bide.' 'He lay quiet for a bit; then he said: ' 'I'm sorry, Jim Donnelly,' in a humble kind of voice, and I thought he was going to cry small; but he burst out as savage as a meat-axe, 'as I didn't knock both of your cussed, squinting eyes out when I was at it!' 'This got my liair off at once. 'You'll repent those words, Bill,' I says. ' 'Itepent 'em! When I get right I'll follow you up and just wallop the soul out of your carcass.' ''Well, he kept on raving and abus ing of me, and I got madder and mad der as I thought of all the years of my life wasted through that wretch lying there blaspheming at me; but I kept cool. I cooked myself a feed of the best in the hut. How he did swear when he heard me opening his pickles and jam. 'When I'd finished, I says, 'Now, Bill Simmons, you want bringing down off your perch a bit A peg low er will suit you,' so I went over to him and just took the bandage off his eyes. What a scream he gave, just like the way that ghost shrieked. ' 'You've blinded me,' he cried, put ting his hands up to his eyes; but there was a. devil in me, and I only laughed at him. 1 took all the things out of the hut, as I thought he could find and make fresh bandages of, and emp tied all the water away; then I went and eat down on. the bundle and smok ed his tobacco until sundown. 'He'd stopped raving after a bit, and when it was dark I heard him cal ling in a very pitiful voice 'Jim Don nelly! Jim! for the Lord's sake bring me a little water to wash my eyes, the lids is all glued together.' I would. not answer him, though I felt sorry, I so after a while he fell to cursing me j agin, and presently he got up and I heard him groping his blind way out j He'd got his boots off, and was feeling for the track to the waterhole with ; his naked feet. He passed close to me, but I made never a move, although , I was beginning to think better of it, and making up my mind that I would doctor his eyes up again and leave him. i ' 'Blast you, Jim Donnelly,' he kept ] saying as he stumbled along. 'May a blind shadder haunt you all your days.' i By and bye he gets off the track, and then he comes to grief agin a stump, and gets so outrageous mad over this that he muddled himself up together, | and finally got on a sheep track and j started to follow that I calls out to I him as he's wrong, but he was 60 i busy swearing that he didn't hear me, so after letting him go on a bit I start ed after him meaning to bring. him _ back, but being boko of one eye and not seeing well out of the other, I come j to grief myself over a stump, and ; bringing my head agin a free, and lay there stunned like for a bit When I picked myself up Bill Simmons was nowhere in sight and I never set eyes on him again, no more did anybody else, although I looked high and low. He must have lost himself altogether, and wandered in the blazing sun next day till he died of thirst, and being without a hat 'I heard of this yer yarn about, them fencer 'chaps seeing a shadder at this hut as called out it was blind, so I thought I'd just -eonKij. up to see if BUI had been found, that's to say his bones or whatever left of him. Now, as it's pretty we\l daylight, we'll have a look round for 'em, they're dead sure to be about here somewheres.' The two looked for the bones of Bill Without fiuccesss, until the sun got high, then the ghost seeker tried to induce Donnelly to -return to the hut, but without avail. The old felow announced his intention of staying there untilhefoundBill's bones or died there. When the ghost seeker got back to the township, and told of the success of his adventure he became a temporary hero, much -to the jealousy of the oldest identity, who now pro fessed to have remembered all about the mysterious disappearance of Bill Simmons, and predicted that the dead body of Donnelly would be found be side rthe bones of the lost man. It wasn't, however, for when some curi ous people went out they found nei ther the old sundowner nor the swag he had left in the hut; nor has the wailing shadow ever been heard again, nor the bones of the bad-tempered Bill Simmons found. 