SIR GILES'S COFFIN. Maintalned with confidence was a belief in the existence of the ghost of the " Bad Sir Giles," whose alleged charcteriesticl were weail calculated to excite the terror which they actually produced in the neigh. borhood of Pen Owen. In the malignity of his sappoled quelitles and habits the ghont in questlon surpatod all other members of his race. It wat avrred that he usually made his appesrance in the feorm of a qead. roped, er, at any rate, that hie normal poll. ttion was on all fours. This much was tahb llhaed as a fact-that Sir Gles's body bad been found hanging in an old summer. house, still visible when I wan a child, with eery appearance f death by eslolde, and that his o: fin, still shroudsed in the pall ori ginally covering it, lay alonae on the ground tn the contri of the extenslve vault where members of the Pen Owen family had been deposited fnr generations. Tha old cloch which stood in the kitchen at the Pen Owen Arms annoanced to the villagers assembled there one Christmas Eve that It was 10 o'clocok, enorcing the statement with an emphasis and delihboration that admitted of no contention. tf the further fact that the night was wet .s d dark and windy the guerls could satitfy themselves by a glance at the lattlced window. There was obhviousl no desiro en the part of the inmates to sob stattte the darkness and cold of the outer world foe the warmth and brightala of the confortable inn. Sooner or later, howergr, the change mnst be effected, and David Thomas. the merry, ruddy-faced groom from the rectory, tok the initiative. "Well, gentlemen," he exclaimed, "I must be Ae. So mood.nlght, and, Jom Atkinso, take rar Br Gilers's ghost doesn't get hold at on at last. H's sale to be about on a night like thiS." "e:r Giles hbe blowed I' rterned Jem Atkine, the vllnags smith, clencaheg hi massive fit ; " I should like to sen him come within reach of my arm.' Jam prided himself on berng a profound scephic in all matters temporal and spiri taal. "Wh'y, Jam, yon know yeo alwys go the long way home instead of catting aross the ehnrchrheer and past the door of the vaalt." notoler laugh grseted this renerwed at'ack on Jam Atkins, who was anything hut a general favorite. "Whoever told you that, young man, told yen a lie. Do I look like being atraid of a ghost d" An irritating laugh wan the only retply. "Well, I'll tell you what I'll do," sex clamsed the blacksmlth, angrily. " l'l be yon half-acrown I go into the vault by mlsel to-night, and, what's more, I'll slt a hit on the aold gentleman's coffin and moke a pips, if on like, thehre t that ie, if Moe gan hste will lit me co in." The answer to hib challenge was the Im-n mediate ofr by old Ma?gan, the serton, of the massive hey which opened the door of the vault." "Wait a minute," obsjected Jam's tor mentor. "If yoa goaloae, wbho'es to know what gamey oh mayn't be up to Why, Jon might jost go out into the road, come bank in ten minutes, and never go near the churchyard at all." The justice of Thomas's suggestlon was generally recogneed. It was finally arranged that the proposer of the bet shoeld establish his claim to the cake by hammering two or three nails into the bnonet's coflin, a feat which world erve as aproef on the followlig morning that he had accomplished his proposed per formance. In a ahort time the blacksmith had tnresd hi, back on the cheerful light which shone tram th r window of thu nl. houte, and was proceeding on his hazardous errand. It was less than ten minutes' walk frem the Pen Owen Arms to the church, hat before the expiration of this brief Interral Jam Atkint had repented his ongagemeot, whichb hot for very shame, he would now wi-tlngly have abandoned, evon at the ecaei. flece of hWs half- crown. No wonder, then, tint hi started with terror, and that his h:art teat load and faet, whon ssme lage animal brushed against him at the very gate Of the chlrchyprd. It wan o'ly the retrelver which habitanily accompanied oar game keeper, Jack BRawlings, on his nightly maounds I but its contact sncceeded In com pletely shattering the nerves of the black. smith. Toe wind now howled and shrieked among the branches of the churchyard eims and heavyrain drops pattered loedlyagatoet the lanterne, which scarcely served to gnuide Jam Atkins's steps along the winding path to the door of the vaalt. The ancient hay appearad to utteri anote of warning when he turned it in the rusty lock, and the gust ad wind admitted by the opening doon semed, as it swept around ths silent chim haer, to carry to its occupants an annoance ment of the rash visitor's prseence. Bat evesn in this suapreme moment, Jam Atkinl bethought him of tha d?agers other than those connected with the uanssn world. HIr wa awaroe that the vault door, which closed inward, shat with a spring. Conleqleently, if he left the key oatslde, one touch of an mnfrieedly hand, or even one gaet oft wind, might conesign him to a ltght-long imprison meut. The tnteader's hand shock as h" placed the key in the instalde keyhole of the door, aned procce-leld to hang up the lantern on its projeoting handle. Either Jam's eye was deceived bj the ancertain light or his trembling hand was rnequal to the attemp -for, a few moments after he had qoitted his hold of the lantorn, tt slipped from ito enpport and lay wvth broken framework ani extligaulhed light on the floor of the charnel-house I In vivid contrast to the gloom and esllsnsee of the vault were the bright light and merry oonve,'stion at the Pen Oen Arms. Jsm's mieston-to him the caulse of so mach apper bmelnio and terror-formed a sebject of the utmot hilarity for tho companions whom he had left blehilnd. As the time of his exn pected return approached the merrlmsnt abated, and it was almeoat amidst silence Is the inn parlor that a heavy tread wae heard %paroaching. In another moment Jem dashed Into the room, slammed the door behind him, and, with a look of agonieed terror in its direc tien, stood with his back to the wall tram. bllnog in avery limb ; his eyes gla?ed wildly, aed the sweat broke on his forehead. No. ahise was andlble outside, ex.rept the faint marmer of the now departing storm, and Jeam took corage It was ersn with some asumptlon of his osnal maunner that ha an eaonc d that he had won the wager, nad demanded the money. But it wats plain that Jam wa suffering frteom the effoct of some esrlcs alar?o, and when he moved forward from thae wall It was obrvious that he had ben the victlm of a violent assault from the irear. The ample skirts of his coat were die' coaered to be torn and tattered as if by the claws or fangsof same savage bealt. In fact, they offered to view esch escores and markths as might repressent the rcenlts of an on sleiaght by the spectral Sir Olies. By degrese he gave the result of hit operiences th the followin efa.ct. Thes esadden sxlinctioe of the lantern, hbe said, bad rrseltrd in a condition of absoluote davknese. Under the impulse of the terror Soasion by his alarming siteation, Jam had made aeveral vale, frantic efforts to escape fromre theso dismal enrroendlgs.. At last ths donghty blaczmilte stanUcred and fell heaviy epon Sir Guies8 retCO . RCcovering hit presence of mind by a enpreme efort he. with tetrblitt hands, hammered the heqotellte number ni nnatl into the coffin oa g 'hh wn it eld, Oun eiian after the comt pletion of his task, he had tonnd himself dragged backward by tome invisible atall rut, who had attackod him from the point of vanta?g which the wloked baronet was alleged to affect. By frantic effort he had shaken himself free from the astaallat, who clang with portlnaeity to his sirtsa, bad reached the extt from his ghastly prslon house, had tlammed the masaire door in the face of his fancied rurater, and had pro eated himesef at the Pen Owen Arms Is the state of abject panto already describod. A careful examination, howeaTr, of the scene of Jim Atkinsa' terror corroborated the trath of his narrative, and at the same time demolntrated tho ne.tre of his myete dIoes alssilant. It was plain that, in his confulion and terror, the oct begotten by his loe., the other by hit dread of spirits, the blacksmith bhad nailed his own coat-talrl to Sir OGso's oomfn. 