? . -? A Ghost Hunt in London. . - An'extraoi'Uinary Kccno was witnessed ' daring ', tho early hour3 of \Vednosday . morning,'"August J2 let-, in tho churchyard parisa church of St. Johu, nt Hackney* whon fully a thousand men and Tvotnon turned out from their houses ic the neighbourhood to hunt for a suppoaod 1 g?oat. For soino timo people pasting though, tho churchyard lato at night have /bo6ti v Btortled by tho appearance of a ghost." Women havo famtod with fright, and tbo local newspapers havo. published .accounts of tho strange affair. Between ' 10 and 11 o'clock, on Tueaday night ft ? mixed crowd began to assemble At'tho roar ? of -the'-church, where ??"the phost" was . 'suppoaod to bo/-, and. wlioio in tho usual i Way'scarcely anyone poesoa after about 11 : A.lonc wait until, midnight/ and as no gfboafc- nppoared, tho crowd wont' in search ? of it. Armod with laatorosAaud cu&dlvv; and fcttwyiog I sticks and stones. the crowd climbed tlio railing 1 ronj tho pathway and I took poasu.aion of tho burial-ground. Gravos - and tomb6touoa wore clamberod ! over, aud recently-restored mounds wero trampled down. A portion of tho crowd looked upon tho affair as a joko, and con sequently every few minutes tho cry was raised of "There it goes." and imraodiately tho whole crowd rushed in tho direction indicated. Others amused thomselvcs ha* making the night hidious with unourthly cries;" and. although tho polico wero requisitioned to clear tho place, it wan not until tho verge of daylight that tho last few Htragtrlera went away. Tho damage to tho graves wan very great, and efforts will bo made t<? prevent any furthev demon stration. Many complaints wero made by those present of having their pockots picked. 'J'here was another extraordinary scene on Wednesday night and early on Thursday morning ixx tho churchyard. Fully 0000 people passed through tho churchyard betweeu 0 o'clock and the early hours of the morning. The tomb from which the gliost is supposed to appear is a grave at the back of tho church, tho atone representing three boys playing at cards on a table. Tho origin of this device is explained us follows :—Several years ago three boys wero playing cards for money, when one of them, who was losing heavily, exclaimed, '? May God striko me dead if 1 do not win this game." When bo rose to leave tho tablo ho dropped down dead, and Lis ghost it ib which is supposed to haunt the spot. A force of nbout 40 constables woro on tho eceno on Wednesday, and had much difficulty in controlling the uiob, "which indulged freely in horseplay. 