Father Wilfred's Ghost. Br Mrs. Henry Crosbe. Certainly the appearance of Fellmoor Grange justified its reputation of being haunted. The approaoh was by a long [ winding drivo through a pine wood. On the brightest day fow of the sun's rays 'could pierce the sombre branobea of tho trees, through which the wind, when soft and low sounded like the chanting of o solemn reauiem. When thn winri -.n-a i,:~i. ? i I \- . t - ? — -www HIjJU «UU boisterous the pinos swayed to and fro snllenly bowing their heads before the tempest's wrath. At no season of the year could one pass up the ilrivo to Fellmoor Grange with out being impressed with b feeling of awe. The entranoe 'was directly out of the wood, and the front of the bouse overlooked a river from which frequent mists arose, blotting out all viow of tbo surrounding' oountry. Tue large square hall was used by the Staceys— the frionds witb whom I was stay ing for Christmas, and who had lately boaght the place from the original owners— as a goneral meeting place : and vory oosy it looked with the bright fire burning on the wide open hearth. Over the fire-place hung a life-size portrait of a monk, whose kindly yet searching grey eyes seemed to follow one wistfully. A frank, open countenanoe, and » stern grey mouth, with firmly set lips, made an attractive face even to those who knew not its history. On the wall opposite was en equally fasoi nating pioture : a woman, young, with a wealth of dark wavy hair piled high on a well-poiaod head, arohed eye- browB, and large brown eyes. At first sight one would have oxolaiined, ' What a lovely woman 1! but closer Borutiny revealed something unploasinir. It was the mouth that marred her otherwise perfect features. Taejips, of that vivid led, which so invariably denotes cruelty and deceit, were bo thin as to appear little more than a line of scarlet, albeit there lurked at the corners a smile of cynical oont.mpt. As we I sat around tho fire in the gloaming it seemed to me that rhe eyes of the monk rested upon thd.fair-faoed woman witb reproachful pity. 'How cama you by those twopor'raits V 1 \ asked. 'People do not as a rule sell their family piotures. I 'No,1 answered my hostess, 'but that,' pointing to the monk, 'is Father Wilfred, sonfeasor to a former Sir Ronald Templeton. '«iu isvuur wnrrea and Wir Ronald, it is said, wore murdered by that woman, Sir Ronald a wife. The present Sir Ronald, from whom we bought the plac3, did not care to remove the piotures. I will tell you the story. * ? i- _''?'?-'?? The last -Sir Ronald who inhabited' the I Orange married when sixty years of age a girl of eighteen. The tnarriago was far from being a happy one ; the young wife oroved for excitement and pleasure, while Sir Ronald greatly disliked loaving his country home. Whon Lord Cyril Conyngham oame into possession of Fellmoor Oastlo— the adjoining estate— ho was welcomed as a cheerful addition to their small oirole of friends. Sir Ronald was martyr to gout, so the visiting was very much on one sido. That these visits were a great pleasure to Lady Temple ton was patent to all, aud Sir Ronald was glad that tho monotony of her life should be relieved. ? '? '? ? Lady Tompleton, weary of the chain whioh boand her to her husband, began to connt the yeais when oho might bo free. She was an [attraotive woman; but two people at the Grange she could not fasoinote, conse quently sho hated tbem— Father Wilfred, her husbands confessor, and -Bark the old butler Early in Ootober tho year following Lord OonyinghaaTs arrival, Sir Ronald was taken sonoasly ill. Tho cause of bis illness fyruatly puzzled hm doctor. By the end of Novem ber he had ho far recovered as to be able to walk through the wood. Upon his return his wife, who appeared anxious nndnttontivo hauded him a glass of wine. That night Sir Ronald had a rol.pso I Three days and nights Ludy Tetnpletun uuver left his room, winnihK muoli gratitude for her care and attention, i The third day Barker met Father Wilfred, who regularly visited the sick mun, and in * mysterious minnor asked him into the library. When the door was olosnoLhe said — pointing to a painting of Lady Templeton — 'Father, that woman is poisoning my master 1' The priest raised his eyes to the portrait, but showed nj sign of surprise either in the expression of bis f«oe or in tone of voice, as he calmly asked what ground had he for no grave an accusation. For answer, Barker opened a cupboard ami. took out a wine glass, in the bottom of which: was a^white sediment. 'You see that, Father?' said he, holding tho glnss up tn the light ; 'this ie the glss» into which my lady, poured' the wine which my master drayk bu hour bofore jjo was taken ill. Thia morning I saw a similHr sediment iu nuo roiu»i!iH oi some «onp tbat oame. from tbe sick room.' When' Father Wilired entered the siok room -Lady Templeton was at a table npon which stood some raodicine botHen arid glosses. One glass was fillod ready for tho patient j this she took up and li.*Ici to hi.i lipB, but he [ tamed from it, snying it mado him worso. Usually, L«dy Teuipleton left the room im mediately Father VV ilfrad arrived, but ihat day she lingered aa though loth to gn. At last nhe took »p the glites containing the mediome and inovfld !owards the door. '?'Leave i«, Lauy Texuplejon ; Sir Ronald may take if. by and by,' said the priest ; and he took it from her hand. .The monks of Dalo Abbt-y had in Sir nonaiu a ga orr-us .besef otor. Fatl or Wilfrod, fearing that their friend was fast passing away, decided to rmiiaia with him through the night that he might soothe his last hours with the. ri-os of tho Church. In the early, morning Sir Ronald breathed his last, and Father Wilfred left the death chamber, taking with him the medicine he hod seen Lady Templeton hold to her hus band's lips. This, by tests he well understood bow to apply, he found contained a slow but deadly poison, which had undoubtedly des trojed Sir Ronald. Sending for the wretohsd woman, of whoso guilt he was convinced, he urged her to'spoak the troth. i ? Give me timo to prepare my confessioo, Daiher, said sbo witb well afieoted contrilioo ; 'to-morrow I will see you in the library.' The following muroing, upon the arrival, at the priest, ho was shown into the library, iruero Lady Templeton went to him. WhL | or now he left the housu none was able' to tell ? but never again waagood Fath-r Wilfred «een. Lady lompleton, thinking no one sun peoted her orirao but the missing priest, now breathed freely and hopnd Roon to marry Lord Cyril Conyngham. But Barker yet remaiued to avenge Sir Ronald. He resolved to tell all he knew, with the result that Lady Templetou a gnilt wan proved to the Botisfao I ion of judge and jnry, and she paid the penalty that in such oases the law demands The Grango was after warda shut up for many years, und it was said that Father Wilfred could sometimes ob aeon walking among the pines. Indoed, we were told about the ghost before we bought it. The dnllness of the Grange did not appear to affect the Staoeys, and a verv morry party wo were sitting round the ball fire on Christmas eve. About olovon, Ciipt. | Staoey aod tho young men went ont to smoke on the terraoo, and asked us to join thorn. A full moon in a cloudless sky tempted us to' leave the fireside, and we strolled down to the lower terrace to soe the effect of the raooo ligbt on the river. Possibly it may hnvo beou the death- like stillness, and tbo -cold soft light, that produced a feoling akin to awn, for gradually our voices beoarae hushed. Suddenly our attention wn« arrested by the sound ot a boat. So unusual a noise at snob such an hour on a D -comber night astonished us oonaidrably. A bend in the river bid the boat, but we ooulti distinctly hear the stroke of the oars. Later, when it rounded the band we saw it ooutained six figures, attired in the garooimonKs, wivU cowl* drawn over iheir heads. Swiftly ami skilfully they ateered their boat alongside the Grange boat.hooso. We were by this time much alarmed, for the monks presented a vory weird appearance. Capt. Stacoy oalled to them several times, but they neither responded nor turned their [ heads, and when they steered their boat into tlieshed and no farther sound ooulii bo hwd we returned to the house bafflsd uud mystified Bed was not to be- thought of, ovary one' being too nervous to care for the solitude of their own room. A few minutes beforo twelve a dog, lying on the hearth, arose and went to the door. Soon the animal began to growl ominously. George Staoey oponed tbe door and the dog rushed oat, barking angrily, bat uoqaickly returned shivering, and oroual.ing under the table commenced to howl. Ono after another the group round the fire went to tbe open doorway to discover, if possible, tLo cause of the dog's alarm. Soon, coming slowly from the other aide of tbe house the monks who had paused into the boatbouse were seen returning. Their cowls were thrown back from thoir tnnnnrail honrla on.i .!.„. ? carrying on a bier the body of a man clothed in like habit to their own. Spellbound and terror-striok wo watohed I iheir approaoh. As they passed us a ray of moonlight fell upon the faoe of the dead man. At the same time a flickering light from the wood fire illumined the portrait of tho monk in the ball. By one impulse every eje was raised to the pioturo, and ' Father Wilfred ' was breathed rather than spoken by eaoh of Silent as. though borne on air the Holumn procession turned into the avenue of pines and soon passed oul of sight ; but softly through the air otme the sound of far-off voi'es ohanting. ? ' That wo had seen tho phostly visitants who for years had boen tho terror ot all who passed through the wood at night none con M rfn.,M The building was soon after demolished* whon tuo workmen, npon removing a pauel in the- library, discovered a small sqnaro obambor. In the floor was a trapdoor whioh I upon being raised, revealed a narrow, dark fli«br of- steps leading down to the river. From the river entraooo could bo obtained b? removing certain stones whioh oonoealod the door at the bottom of tho stops. That Father Wilfred' had been in the ohaniber was proved by finding an old breviary in which- his namo was written. It would seeui that this seoret camber was known to tho monks of Dale Abbay, and when Father Wil froU failad to. romrn luoy came by boat to loaroh for him. Finding him murdered, they i , passed through the library, which bad a glnaa door opening on to tbe terrace, and carried his body through the wood to the abbey. Many years have passed since Follmore Frango was destroyed, but country people around deolare that monks still walkthrough the pine wood and may be heard chanting their requiem. 