A CRUEL COUSIN. CHAPTER XXV.—iCoHlwml) if lie had been inclined to bo manly and generous, her frank confession of contempt ?would not have Bwept this mood aside. As it -wits, however, Maurice never for a single instant intended to lose the opportunity lie had grasped with such difficulty. His jealousy, his vanity j his 'temper, over ruled all other feelings, and Kit's open war fare was something that roused liis brute 4 ~ :i. f,,l W-f nvltmf j 'I know none of these things,' lie I answered her, in a dogged, set faslr'on. [ ' What I do know is, that your clever j attempt at acting does not deceive me as it I docs the other fools. I know you, Kit, and ' ; I know you are not the sort of being who | forgets easily. A few months ago you learned * to love me — deny it if you can. You learned | ? to love me then, you lovo mo now, and you 1: i will love me all your life.' | Sho spoke no word as he ceased. His I eyes, resting on her, saw hor shudder and I v draw back from him still farther, f ; This action spoko to him more eloquently I I than any spoecli. If ever a woman held .any | I' man to bo contemptible, unworthy, dis | I honourable, this girl held him to be that man, - | ( Tho realisation of this made him mad, | - 'Deny this — deny it!' he said, roughly, i ! Lis handsome face distorted by his passion I j into almost a hideous ono. ' Remember the '? j; nights you used to steal out of the Leiths' j j house and join mo undor tho trees in the i j; . Square garden ; remember all wo snid there' ! ? in tho moonlight, and then attempt to deny i your lovo for mo if you can !' | Kit stood looking at him. Hor heart was ? beating fast, so fast as to bo almost a pain I in hor breast ; but contempt, horror, dislike J of this man were stronger than her fear, i ' You are a coward!' sho said. 'Love i yon ! — you ! whom I know to bo so base, so | unworthy ! Lovo Jou !' Sho looked him ( straight in tho oyes with hor own magnifi '? cont orbs, fierce almost from tho vehemence ? of hor ancrer and distrust. ' Love vou ! I I despise you from the bottom of my heart, and } you know it. And now, ploaso, will you go ? i. You offer an insult 'to my husband as well as j myself by remaining here any longer when [ you dare to hold such wicked thoughts. If ( you refuso to show me tho courtosy due to & j -woman, I must remind you that you profess . to call yoursolf Philip's friend, and that a j woman I lovo very dearly has tho misfortune | to bo your wife. With these— ' [ Slio broko off suddenly, abruptly, for the i door oponed at this minute. Sho moved I forward with n half-broken cry of joy as | Chris came in, followed by Constance Mar f lowe. | Thoro was a momont's silence, awkward and uncomfortable. Chris looked very rod ! in tho face, and began speaking in his odd, f; jerky fashion. ' I forgot my umbrella; I know I couldn't ! make much noise without it, so I camo back ; [ ' and thon I thought I might as woll stay, as I ! found Miss Marlowo on tho stairs.' Ho gavo Constanco a sharp look out of his ' honest blue oyes. Ho novor trusted her, and ho folt — though, of course, ho could not bo Bure— that ho had double reason for doubting her at this momont. Constanco, seeing everything and under standing it all, was laughing easily as sho explained hor suddon appoaranco. Sho had drivon l'ouncl from Lady Sinclair's on tho olmnco of finding Kit at homo and alono, and had arrived just boforo Mr, Hornton had returned. ' I know Sir Philip was spoaking in somo terrible East-End spot, and I folt I should probably find you in. I am in luck's way for onoo.' i Sho spoko the truth in tho last words ; she ?was coitainly in luck's way to havo crept so softly up to tho door, ana havo stood thero listening to tho quick, passionate words that liad passed within botwoon tho two whom sho had sot hovsolt to watch so caroruiiy. _ Hor heart was beating fast with excitpmont. , Sho wanted a clue only, and now sho was in possession of tho wholo secret, and y/liat a I disgraceful secret it was ! Tlloro camo quito a glow of righteous horror and indignation into Constance's loroast as sho recalled Maurico's loudly ?uttered words. . To Constanco his rough, rudo opitomo of: ?what had passed convoyed ovorything that ?was base and shameful, Sho was not in tho loast impressed by tho absolute innoconco that had rung in ovory tono of Kit's voico. Thoro had boon no do ni/il of Maurico's statomont j thoro had boon no disclaimer of tho faot of tho stolon moot ings in tho moonlight, Constance's triumph almost botrayod itsolf in hor face as sho talked on easily to Kit, Sho, of courso, noticod nothing strango in tho girl's palofaco aud quivering limbs — now tlmfc tho reaction had como, Kit looked as though alio was going to faint— nor did sho appoavto i ovineo tho smallest curiosity as to tho cause of Captain Montgomery's snllon nmnnor, in which sho difforod oonsidorably from Chris. Klfc'fl boyish l'riond Btood looking from ono to tho otlior in a statu of montal trouble, amounting to pain in his groat, honest hoart, Something was 'wrong, vory wrong,' ho know, but what that something1 was lio could not divino. Ho only know that Kit lookod as though Hlio liad gono through somo suddon, Bliarp illness, and ho folt a hot rush of linger nnd doubli towards Maurioo ns ho realized that this trouble must bo of his making, Maurioo ?tfas not in tho loast doooivod by Constance's nmnnor, Ho know that sho must havo overheard nil, and though it mado him furious for tho momont, thoro followed a sort of savago satisfaction afterward as ho raili/.od tho punishment that was in storo for Kit. Ho hntod Kit 111 this, momont, and yot ho 'had novor known how muoli I10 really carod for hor till now, whon his oars, woro ringing ?with hor loathing and horror of him, Tliis knowledge* only increased his rago and tlio .passion of his admiration at tho samo timo. liis angry oyus mot Constance's 01100 as who iiuighod' and ohnli'tod on, Ho soomod to read 1111 offer of nlllimoo in thoir alonv, oold aiwo, and though I10 dislilcod hor cordially ?Just as much as ovor, ho folt a certain content inont in permitting liar to ally herself with .hi in in this alT/yr, No dolSnilo plan oamo into liis hoad iu this xnomont ; ho was too angry, too savagely dis appointed, and his vanity wna smarting too much for him to do anything but nrtrso his pain. By degrees J10 adopted Constance's manner, Jiow'ovor, and joined in hor conversation, mid after about anuartor of 1111 hour ho approuohod JCit 1.0 tulco his departure, 1 ' Au rev, oh, Lady Desmond,' he Baid, liold : ing out his hand, with a faint smile, ' I have I already paid you too long a visit. You look very tired ; it is cruel to keep yon so late from yonr rest, I dare say you and Miss Marlowe want to have — ' Constance broke in quickly : ?' No. As you say, it is cruel to keep this poor child out of her bed ; she looks like a tired white flower. You are only a baby, after all,' Kit. You ought to go to sleep at dusk every night.' Sho came up to the girl aud kissed her affectionately. ' I will run in and see you to-morrow, dear,' Then she turned to Maurice. ' If yon like to be very nice, you can sec me safely home, Captain Montgomery,' she said. Maurice bowed. ' Delighted !' he answered, of courso. And then they pnssed out of tho room, leaving Kit standing white, trembling anil silent, just as she had been when Constance camo in. She had made great progress in her bear ing and manner of late, but she had all to learn as yet in tho art of dissimulation. The shock of tile night's events had deprived her of courage and strength, and she betrayed this fact iu every lino of her face and form. Chris accompanied Miss Marlowo and Maurice down the stairs. Constance's laugh ing, easy manner jarred on him, though he was not skilled enough in tho world's know ledge to understand why, AU he knew was that Kit was in trouble, and Maurice Mont gomery was tho cause of that trouble. He clenched his strong fists, and wishod suddenly ho could call on tho handsomo young soldier to stand up and give an account of himsolf; but I10 subdued hiB anger as I10 remembered Sir Philip. If any one should havo need to defend Kit, that defondor must be her liuBband, and no one else. tie watched Constance and Maurico drive away together, and the uneasiness and strange, uncomfortable feelings he experi enced grew greater as he wont slowly up tho stairs again. He found Kit leaning against the mantol shelf, her face buried 011 her arms. Sho turned as ho came toward her. 'Oh, Chris! Chris, dear!' Bho said, and thero was a cry of deopest pain in hor voico. Chris took her slender form into his arms. Ho smoothed hor hair softly with his big, rough hand, and hold her closo to his honest, loving heart. His voico was not very clear, and I10 could not see vory distinctly. Thoro was a pain in his heart which Kit would novor know of. It was his own secrot, and ho could sharo it with no ono. But with this sorrow, and with tho other pain called up by hor distress, thoro ran a groat joy in that sho clung to his friendship and found a comfort in his prescneo. Ho askod hor no questions, although ho longed to know what had liapponod, so that I10 might help her all ho could. But Chris's naturo was full of tho truest sympathy. Ho might bo rough, boyish, and unpolished, but, his sympathy was exquisite, delicate in tho fullest sense of tho word, and touchod with a tact which 0110 would liavo imagined almost incompatible with his youth and ignoranco. Kit restod in his arms, her face on his shoulder. She was trembling still from hor fear — from tho horror with which Maurice's words and manner had inspirod hor. It was a joy to feol herself safo with such a dear, roliablo friond, Tlioy stood for a fow moments in silonce, and thon Chris spoko. ' You must go. to bed, Kit. You're just as jolly-looking as a good-sized ghost, and I don't know what Sir Philip will say whon ho soos you.' Kit startod, Slio had moant to sit up for hor husband ; but all at once sho roalized sho oould not moot him to-night and lot him rend tho chango on hor face, Tho story sho had to toll him was ono that would give him doop griofj for sho know ho had lovod Maurico almost as his own child, and this story of tho young man's dishonour and falseness would touch him to tho quick. Ho 'would como homo liapjiy and oxoitod from .the political mooting, Sho could not spoak tlio words slio must Bpoak at such a momont. Sho folt now that sho had boon wrong to havo boon silont all this timo. Tilings had grown to that shape which sho had nover imagined in hor innoconco. Sho had thought to bury tho soorot of Maurico's ornolty to horsolf in hor hoart of heart ; to lot no ono havo tho faintest knowlodgo of it; but sho had rookonod without Maurioo, and lior own hand had forced hor to oxposo liim and to givo deop sorrow to tho man slio lovod bettor than lior lifo. Sho liatod tho thought of tho morrow, of tho momont whon sho must givo this pain to hor honoitrablo, noblo husband ; but slio had no alternative, Hor own prido domandod sho should spoak, nnd as slio said good night to Chris and wont slowly and sadly up to hor room, sho dotorininod that Philip must know all boforo anothor day had gono. Alas ! poor littlo Kit I Sko know not what that day would bring forth. (To bo eoidinmd ,) 