MEN OF MUSCLE. GIANTS THAT HATE FIGUBED IN THE PAST. Of the wonderful athletes of all ages, Miio of Creton is perhaps the most known, lie once tan a mile with an ox on his shooldere ; then, with a blow of his fist, he killed the beast and ate it in one day. The strongest man conld not take from Mflo a pomegranate which he held between bis two fingers, although a woman he loved is said to have done it. He could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day, being in a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to !a!l in, but Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. He tried to tear asunder the trunk of a free, but Ins hands got pinched in the wood, and being nnable to dis- i engage them, he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like teat of Apollo and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, won over 1 ,400 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, and Astydamus won also renown as wonderful athletes. Thestrengte of Samson is too well known to need description here. The HfwruiTi Emperor CaJus Julius Yerus Maxim us was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's bracelet could serve him as a finger ring. Salvias, of Rome, could walk up a la dde carrying 2001b. on his shoulders, 2001b. in his hands, aud 2001b. fastened to his feet. AttanatUB could run round the arena carry ing 5001b. fastened to his feet. Iccus could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest man of Ins time. He was a man of great stature; and the power of his arm was such that he thoug&t; nothing of cutting two men in hatyes with cue single blow of his sword. FVancis of Tivoxme, Lord of Chasteignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boufflers. who lived in tee sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The sfrongest man could not take from him a ball white he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support what ever, four strong soldiers could not move him ; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, folly harnessed, and with thai heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the same tune there lived a Spaniard namea Jfiearo, wno could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten iren pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus IL, Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength ; be could carry a man. in his open band. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded Ms palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, M&reteal; de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also & marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corta of half a dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he bad a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and, throwing him in tee air, let Wim drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in resisting him was a woman, a Mdlie. Gauthier, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, hat with the greatest diffi culty. Tbe power of Mdlle. Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up stiver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extraordinary strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in all 1,836 pounds. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with Ibis hands, placing the middle of tbe bar behind his neck and bringing the two ends forward. He conld also undo what he had done — that is, straighten the bar a«in, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened on tee ground that ' would sustain 2,0001b. weight, and lifted an oak table 6ft. long with bis teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand he raised a man who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long dis tance. It is said of him that, having been placed on some duty at the entrance-gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through ; on the driver whipping up his hones and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of tee coach and upset it and its occupants into tee roadway. Topham, who kept a public-house in Isling ton, had a wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Hercules, Sameon, Milo and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give way to a woman ; so did Topham, apparently. At about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed in records with those of Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvellous strength before Topham was bore. He was commonly known as the "Kentish Samson" and the \44 Strong Man of Kent." Among other things, he conld cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope that bore 3,500 pounds without breaking, tee latter being for more extraordin ary than Topham's similar feat. He was drowned in a smuggling expedition some ten years before Topham's death, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchman, said to Le the last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of exaraordinaxy strength, from white circumstance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other feats, he could carry a 24-pounder cannon, and had been known to lift a cartload of h&y; weighing a ton and a half -upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and, carry ing it on his shoulders, walked through the toll-gate. A Belgian giant conld stand up under two tons. Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out knee-deep through tbe mud and filth of aseateore at low tide to a shark left fay the retiring .waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive oh his tack to the shore. The shark weighed 500 pounds, qnite a load, con sidering teat it vta not tee most portable of articles, and that the man bad to wade through mud. Dr Winship, the well-known American athlete, raised fron the ground 1,4001b. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill, could lift a man at arm's length with one hand. \- Abraham lancola, tee martyr President, was a man of great strength. He oould with one blow- bury aa axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any other man, and be Is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon - house weighing 60fWb. 