ECHOES FROM LONDON. (Bt Oxonian.) London, November 15. 1 ho .London and .North - Western train which is to carry the Queen north is a model of luxury, and consists of thirteen carriages, and is ncarlv But) ft in loncth. The train never travels at a greater Bpsed than thirty live miles an hour, and during tbo eight this is considerably slowed down. It has latiily I bacoiDo tiie rule for tho train to entirely siop for halt 'an hour at about S o'clock in thu morning to enable Her Majesty to dreas comibrubly. She occupies two saloons, which ; aro connected by a passage, and ouly l'rincesa j Beatrice travels with her. Thews Faloons are . mast carefully constructed, and run as siuooiiily as auy O-spriug carriage. Tho day saloun is fitted up as a library dining-room with 1 tables, armenairs, a aolu, large footstools, aud racks for buoks, parcel*, anit tles^itch-o'jxua. j Thu furuitura is of white- silk ciubroideri.-d ; with gold, and tbo carjitt is of velvet, i'ho : walls aro of polished sanav.ood aud paneilcu j with mirrors. Tho saloon is ventilated fivui \ the roof, and lighted witli ohaded lumps, and : warmed by gaa-srovus and hot-\vator pr.)i.^, : but theso ai-o rarely iwjd, as this Quc«j;i truiiKa ' thoy produce a stuffy teoiing. iier Majesty ; sita in a large, low, ca*y anachair facing ihe i engine, liy her side 15 a writing-table, which , is covered with books, l»per, and writing | materials. As a rule tue yucen receives and dispatches a number of telegrams at Perth. 'Xhc night saloon is arranged iu coai partuisnts, tho principal one boiiig a bedroojv with two beds— ono for tho t^uoen. the other for Princess Beatrice. Next is a dress ing-room with a metal bath. Them is a com partment for the luggage required on thi» journoy and for two maids or 'dresocrs.1 jttotb sali-oru- arc fitted witn electric li^iit, and the t-uetn can canso tho train to bo stopped [ in two or throe minutes, 'i'ho other saioona j are occupied by any niemlxii-s of tho .Royal family who may happen to bo iravcUing vni'a tho Quoen, uicniners of the Houeholdiu wairiug, tho Royal nurseries, the Indian atten dants, and thoiiO sot-vasts whoso sjilviaI duty involves ;nair ap^nda.ico occupy the remain ing parts of tco train. A pl.-m gives tho numtjur of tho carriages and the names of their orcupar.es, as woil as a conrplete time table containing cvci-y prt- Mblo inforiHicriau. x'h(: Queon's copy is printed on satin in purple, ' and boars the knyul aruij in i&'A upon the ' top. Luioru use! aicev mo Chiton's tram liss ; pasted all t:'^liic an itni variou- lines is sKjpj)cd j lor n certain time. A piiot-rnyine runs hi front of tho tram as an additional prcoautiou. It is a rule that no rafnalrcim is to allow the Quuen's totin co pass Ins box until ho b;u- re ceived an intimation that tho linu is clear from the next box iu front. Princii Cnnotian Victor, tho eldest son of Princo aad Priuccsa Christiua. who is to accompany the expe-dition to Kumasi, has already amelt powder. He took part m the Hazard exixdmon, and was menfioned in despatches— net by reason of liia rank, but by virtue 01 his dcede. Ho was bora at Windsor Castle in 1867, and h;is for somo time U*u in tho King's rloyal iiiriu Corpa. At WcilinO' ton Cobe^ he was very pop-alar, and cap tained bath the cricket anrl footiia'J tea:. is. I Tho ' auto-Kir' is the subject of muon dLs cussion at tho present mnmeufs Kxpt'i-imer.ts have been made with thot»e horselecs cr.Tr::in'c--s and it has been found ponc::tly ^.MatiKible to run them for auy disunct) over nay o: ov.r country roads at an easily attained spec-d of nine or ten milei au hour. The niocivo-povvex is obtained by means of petroleam. Tho mechanical difficultvs may, I think, be re garded as overcome, but as the; law at present stands they are rendered entirely useless. In effect the Legislature has enacted that auy vehicle propelled by stsatn or any analogous mode of locomotion must not proceed more than four miles an hour and must have a signalman in front to give w:irning to anpr.-ioching can-Lures. The avowed object of this Statute is to prevent acoidents which might occur, owing to hoisec boing frightened by trortion - engines and simiJar Bcrceching monsters. But oxperi montors with these anto- caTS have found that horses take absolutely no notice of their new fashioned rival, and they consider, properly enough, that tho enormous utility of tho invention should not bo frustrated by a dry enactment, which has in the^r ense no reason for its observance. Tho maxim, no doubt, on which they rely is Gwsontfr rntionc, rws-r/ tysa lex, and a modification at Iea3t of the lav/ as it ^t present stands is inevitable. The auto-car, oa'o its existence- is possible, will bo folJo'.u-d iiy the auto-cycle. An American inventor bos arrived in London who invonds to revnhitiorara tho present method of cjrtl^projJuLsion. HL* idea is to create a eyries of porroknmoil exj)lasions with the aid of electric sparks and utilize tbo power of combustirr.i in icn. --h the sama way :is m gas-motori. Tho principle hr-i prodaoed remarkable results, a sp.^r/l of forty r/iiles au hour having been obtained in America with the aid of tho petroicuni-propollor. Enormous crowds will no doubt be attracted to the Aquarium during the next fortnight Tho management havo arranged a series of ladies' bievele races in which cyclists from England, franco, and Belgium intend to com pete. Tho races will bo divided into two sec tions of six days each, and each day will con sist of four sessions of three hours each. The track has cost closo upon £500 to complete, and cavers 11.300 superficial feet. It runs the wholo circle of the vast Aqnarium area, form ing tho largest centrally situated cycle race course in London. Apart from tho caVn prizes offered by the Aquarium Society several miscel laneousarticles aro subscribed by tradesmen and manufacturers. Articles of jowellory of course figure largely, 'and the item of six dresses ss a consolation prize reminds t'ue observer in such matters that a lady cyclist is a woman aftor all. . Rear- Admiral Markbam has been giving an interviewer somo remarkable reminlsconces of his trip to the ArcSc regions in the Alert twenty years ago. Among the stores Liken on that occasion was somo special rlo brewed by Messrs. Allsopp &. Sons. Of that famous Eqnor elevon botces still survive. It is cne of the strongest) ales ever brewed, and such was the coasiotency of the wort that it would not run from the copper through the tap in tho ordinwy way, but had to bo lifted out ir. bucket. Its colour is a rich brown, its flavour suggestive, of old Madeira, and it Ls said to bo ts sound £.t the prewiat moment as on tho -day of its brrfch. London will soon be a fairly nice place to live in. The London County Council are be- coming a little more level- headed. Parliament expunged of its faddists is to meet in the first week in February. Mr. Stead is so occupied in obtaining photographs of ghosts that he has no time to disturb us with social problems, Mrs. Ormiston Chant is still away, and Lady Henry Somerset and that wild woman, Miss Willard, are sailing for Brindisi. Tottie Fay has paid the debt of nature, and Miss Jane Cakebread, who belongs to "the high nobility of Bishop's Stortford," and bears 370 odd con- victions on her family escutcheon, has signed away her liberty and has retired into a home for inebriates. A great many old women of both sexes were much alarmed a month anno by tho account sent in by correspondents in various parts of tko country relating to tho behaviour of tho moon. It was observed to oscillate, or, in humbler phraseology, to wobble. On Saturday last the inhabitants of Dover enjoyed a rare treat. A brilliant green meteor, almost ihe aroparcnt size of the moon, in shape rather Etc a pointed ben's egg, flitted across the sky, but unkindly disap peared as soon as tho inhabitants observed it, ''witrhnut leaving r.ny appreciable tail.' On the same ni^ht all over the country were observed brilliant meteors, many of them stationary. They were mainrv composed of three feathers, and flamed briirntly. It might bo added that the Prince of VTales's birthday was Saturday, Norembar 0. The farc7rp.ll banquet to the Duke of Oam bridgo given by the War Office is evidently in need of explanation. In Black and- W]iitc the Dnke and tho distinguished officer surround ing him aro in full military uniform. The lunst rated London JVncj arh'st conceives them in simple evening dress. The chairs on which the diners aro seated and the decorations on the tablo are as different as the imagination of two independent artists, noither of whom possibly witnessed tho function, could portray. I mentioned a week or two ago that then* is to be an organized protest against tho r- niarriagc of divorced persons. Father Black, it will also bo remembered, became more notorious than respected for .-. sceno at a weddinp ceremony twelve months .im. A license 'has been 'issued by tho BiEnori of London and Dr. Tristnini for the approaching mamajo of nvo f.iirly w,:li-knovrn 6-x-irty people. Father BLvk at ouce pw.'-Mitcd :«a appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury proving Sis Qrace to cito the issuers of tho licence botora him in answer cluirgrs of iririfii larity. He bases bis petition en :ho ground that one of tho parties was divorced. Now Father Black has announced in the Press tluit his petition has bcim ijnorE-.i, but that tho matter cannot be allowca to rest in its present position. ' Sir. Peter Robinson, the head of tho well knowu Regent-street tinn. ha^ pass.-d away, leaving an enormous fortun«.'. The Maple?, equally celebrated in tr.ulo, are vory much abve, and are at tbo pn-svnt moment huroly excited over their only da1.: ,'iit-T':i cn^.i^omL'nt to Baron Eckardtstein. Mis-. Grace Manic is an exceedingly pretty »tirl. ^iie is well known at St. .-Vlbau-s. and Ls a frequent spoetritor of the cricket matches. Local rumour susijorted a bridirjroam without a title, hut it soom:-. tiiat the groom-elect will, after all, come from the German Embassy. He is a p-.'rson.-.l fricr.d of the Empercr and Eraor-.'s of ('Ji»r-iinny, whith must comfort Sir. Tohn Blunddl M.'iple greatly. At present the B.-.ron has spout no inconsider able portion of his time in exainininj his Bank account. When Mis* Maple Ixxonics Baroness Eckardstcin the .sinews of war will probably be visible without thoaid of a micro scope. 