Ul CHILDREN OP NIGHT. A. MORNING WITH THE BLIND. I'Bjr oar .Special Repbrter.] sfv i How Lord Lytton played upon theheart airings of the readers of fiction with that V ; beautiful and pare creation of pis—Ny die, the ; - ' blind girl—who enacts sa6hVt»omiheni part : in the oelebrated Engli>hmany qn^ggjiliftent ■ ; work, the " Lut Daysof Pompeii i'^^ould,, that I had alittleof the faoulty of the 'dieting gnisbed enthor, that I might enlist sympathy -.for end stimulate a benevolent public to do something, for thepoor blind people I saw,.on Saturday morning. "Assist the .blind to •wist themselves" is the laudable principle on which the Industrial Sohool for the Blind works. On a recent Saturday*! visited this excellent institution, and under the guidance .. ot the business Manager (Mr. A. W.Hendry), indeed a- oapital fellow, I took* stock of every 'department, conversed with the inmates, sod ; In mil spent a pleasant two hours, receiving quite an -educational lesson the^ while. The original building was, as i^s.Structure and ,etyleof windows denote, a house of worship, add it is doubtful whether by the law of evolu tion or the foroe of oiroumstancies it oonld have been converted into anything more aooeptable to Hiin to whom it was first erected than a School for the Blind. The old Ohuroh is now used principally to display samples of goods manufactured in the com paratively. newly erected workshops at the rear, while at the southern end on either side is respectively the outer office and the varnish-. ing-room. Although the authorities are cramped for room, order and method prevail in all the arrangements, and the goods' were ail set off to the beat possible -advantage. . Bound wicker chairs made of South Aus tralian willow, and reflecting the greatest ; credit on the maker, was one of the prinoipal lineB, while a high-back graoeful drawing ' room ohair was finished in design and of ex oelient workmanship. This and bamboo-work are twoolaseeBof work the institution is taking dp.. Brashes ofevery description, withtheexoep tion of those used for painting, and all made on the premises, were displayed ready for sale. . Down a flight of stairs into the basement and 'I-saw all the manufaotured^atock, "whioh we THE LIBRARY-A READING LESSON. ! would rather not have," said' Mr. Hendry. "But you bob we have (tot the blind people, end we must give them something to do, and if the demand for our goods fall off "the stock naturally accumulates." '.'Have you a short time system 1" "Well, when oiroumetanoea force us to do it we impose a limit, .whioh means that a man oannot Barn 'more than 16a. a .week, bnt we would far rather not have to do.snoh a thing." of boiling pitch, this inmate seleoted from her A glanoe at the varniBhing-room, and I was nshered into the library, a department whioh opens up a new world entirely to the children of night. Here I was introduoed to Mr. D. Sterne, the home teacher, who was writing ma&nacriptanaordinK; to theBrailleayBtem, and twoyonhgladies, who are learning mueio, one the pianoand the other the violin, with the view of becoming teachers. In the improve ments which ere contemplated, and of whioh I will speak anon, due attention will be paid to.this department. At present all the dhoir practise under Mr. W. R. PybuB and the band praotioe under Herr Hans Bertram is per formed in this email room, while the" young lady learning the piano does all her practice . here also. While Mr. Hendry was telling me tbia Mr. Sterne was rapidly writing with hie little.Btiletto-like instrument, and I waa oom passiopateon hie behalf. " Under some con ditions musio does not always have oharmB, Mir. Sterne ?" I queried. A smile pasted over ■ * the ever-amiable faoe of the' home teacher. and.I agrped withhim that " in a library you . don't want mueio; you require a little quiet." And although Mr, Sterne is not troubled with Patriok«-Weldon grinding " Home, sweet home," or a German band vigorously playing popular airs frith endless variations, the faotremsine thatone doe8 not want musio in a library. Mr. Hendry asked Mies —— to sing a song, and diffidently complying the Mind girl sang in a sweet voice",. with a pleas ing strain of sadneas running through" it, and with perfect enunciation, a quaintly pretty number.1 As one in the realm below 1 stand by the streams ol woel I bear the vain shadows glide, I fed their soft breath at my side. \- And!-thirst the loved forms to see, And I stretch-my foed arms around, And I catch but a shapeless sound. ' For the living are ghosts to me. Btiob was the blind flower-girl's song, but what a new world of enlightenment did M. Braille and Dr. Moon open up to the sightless! What a priceless treasure did these inventors of their respective systems of writing bestow on \- thpSr thankful fellows in affliotion, past, present, and future I The eyes have been "appropriately described as windows of the soul, .'but witb their sight blasted the sonlfblnsseex dreaaedby theorbs eeemidiff used over the few tureaof theface, and a sadbeauty It -noieub-. Jimity imparted tothem thereby. Thies truck me foroibly, especially with the mora highly educated inmates, but withal there ; Wat nothing to indioate anything of dieoontent. Id conversation with Mr. Sterne I learned thafctberewere 760 volumes in the library,' 377 being in Moon type and 373 in Braille/ The dormer system ia a simplification c&.the 1 ordinary alphabptfalid is utkdrflsj^he1age%, blind—those who/come nnder iibe" enifieqiy! ^^aenbe qf^tbesteetitution fate in life and cannot master the latter. The Brai'leayktem wee ;jnvqntedby a blind Frbnohrfian of the tame name, and the great advantage of it it that it can. be,written easily as well as read, The Moon symbols can be wrj'tten, but it ia much more diffiouU, and - the . Braille-bus . superseded it except for the purpose above stated.' The home teaching work has opened op a in the colony. Many have through the medium of Mr. Sterne learned -to read add write, and thereby had their hdtnei of night illumined by rich jewels of the mind. There are 327 bonneoeed with<tiie borne teachiDg department, almost 100 of - these living in the town and suburbs, the remeicderbeingresi -dent in the country. .Mr. Sterne, who is blind himself, visits the sightless in their, lown homes throughout the oolooy, teaches tbem to read and write, and forwards thembooks from the. circulating library. The town and suburbs are visited once a month and the oouutry once a quarter, the Home for the Aged Blind, the Destitute Asylum, the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution, Brighton, also coming under the home teacher's operations. To. illustrate the fruit fulness of Mr. Sterne's work here is a'oase in point. An old lady liviqg qa Yorke's Penin- . Bula, with one side paralysed" and almos\deaf^ bad never read for over fifteen years when this department was started. Imagine now the transport, the rap'ure,which this reconverae with books mnet have oaused to thrill through this bid woman's frame ! A new life haB been opened up to her. No charge is made for this grand and noble work. One of the men trained at the Institution has gone as a missionary to Tasmania. There being no institution in Tasmania ohildren used to be sent to Victoria and New South Wales to be taught. The South Australian referred to is an energetio young fellow with plenty of " go." He entered the North Adelaide Institution, learned the. T&iBed-type; system, mastered the trade of - basket-makingaud somebody being wanted to feillighten the blind in Tasmania he was only too. ready to go. " Before he had been there, many weeks he got hold of twenty or thirty blind persons,"said Mr. Hendry, "and he is now writing to me for information with refe rence to starting au institution whioh the Go vernment purpose assisting." The young man's name is Mr. D. Scown. To turn now to the workshops—a splendid objeot lesson. The building is substantial, spacious, airy, and well ventilated, the base ment running the whole. length of the strnoture—36 ft. x 60 ft.—the top floor being divided by a partition into the men's and women's workshops, the former department being 36 ft. x 40 ft. and the latter 86 ft. x 20 ft. Eight girls were at work, three of them being engaged in making horse-brushes; drawing the whitk through the holes bored in the head of the. brush. In reply to a question one of the girls told me she oould work one and a half dozen brushes in a day, the piecework pr ioe paid being Is. 7d. per dozen. One girl was making hair brooms, and she informed me that she oould do about five in a day, the remuneration allowed being 6s. XOd. per dozen. Seated before a pan new field of existence to soores of blind folk ha^r a small portion, judging the quantity to a nioeky, dipped one end into the pitob, tied this with a piece of twine and then, having redippsd the knotted, end into the pitoh, placed it in-one of the hplee of the stock of the broom. ' -V ' • I don't wantyou to go away with anioflated idea of what is beingdone," said Mr. Hendry. *' Some of the inmates are not .earning^pearly so mush as, that-girl, and in south* bases' a oertaip amount has to ,be made (up oveir and above the sum earned." .Passing .on around the workshop I enoountered a girl returning a chair and another mixing- material for brush work. This poor .creature is deaf ., and dumb and almost blind. Mr. Hendry. asked her in tbe deaf and dumb language what she was doing. The poor mute tookhis hand in hers, and replied "Mixing." "Some of the~hlir mixers earn fairish wages," said Mr. Hendry, " but we have had men make' from 25s. to 30s. a week at it." In the girls' workroom' is held the nnde nominational Churoh service and bIbo the meetings of the Literary Sooiety, which is in a very flourishing condition. It has been deoided to join the Literary Society's Union, and it is hoped to take part in the annual competition. The meetings of the Society r*re held fortnightly, eaoh alternate WOMEN BRUSHMAKING. night being devoted to a lesture.'and some of those who have given the blind the benefit of their knowledge are:—The Hon. I. H. Gordon, . M.L.O.,Mr. F. MoM. Glynn, M.P., the'Revs. J. Day Thompson, G. E. Wheatley, J. Tuok well, Joseph Berry, and Mr. M. Eyes. Another commendable branoh in which many might assist is the attendance of gentlemen who three nights in the week read the daily papers and interesting or instructive books to the men. But to return to the work ebops. The man who would cause wonder j$Ient to:"tbe visitor is he who boreB the "heads for the brushwork. Fastening hiB board withtwoironalampson to aperforated pattern the workman passed the whirling bit through the holes in the pattern and thence through the wood never onoe missing or making a mistake. The maohine is driven by means of a gas-power engine below. The boring process is one of the important branohes in the brush department, and it is not all who can suooeed at it, it requiring naturally judgment to excel. This man .told me he bould bore 8,000 holes in a day, eaoh board oontaining seventy-seven. Auotber man was "finishing," the three branohes of the " drawn" work being boring, drawing, and finishing. Several were seated around the boiling pitoh engaged in the " pan" process,' and the dexterity with which they execute^ their work was'simply marvellous. Passing on down the stairs I noticed tbat water was laid on in case of fire, and entered the basement, where the mats and baskets are made. Mr. MoLennan, one of the Vice Presidents of the Literary Society, a very in telligent fellow, in answer to an interrogation of mine, said he considered the Literary Sooiety was one of the best things ever started in connection with the institution. "By reason of the Sooiety we beoome pos sessed of a great deal of information we other wise would not get," he remarked senten tiously. " As far as music is oonoerned we are not behind any Society. What we want is praotice in impromptu speaking.' He that is stricken blind cannot forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost. Yet this man thus awfully afflicted went about his daily.- toil in a manner tbat would have doneoredit to an artisan possessed of the sweet Bense of sight, and oonversed with me in a happy, buoyant strain. He oould not forget, but he seemed almost to have forgiveD Fate for thus terribly visiting him. What a lesson to many whose dispositions have beoome soured and surly through oauses infinitesimal compared with this poor fellow's prioeless treasure blasted. An old man (Mr. Forrester), who is almost blind, and who has been in the institution for about fourteen months, was once an Inspector of Vermin Fences in the Survey Department. " We oould not be treated any better than we are here," he said to me. "Anything that the authorities have it in their power to do they do for us." Then we bad a talk about the Literary Society, and 1 asked him if they bad any budding politicians among them. "Yes,"he replied, with a smile; "I'm one myself, and I'm going to read a paper at the next meeting on the 'Cause of the Present Day Depression.'" "And what are you going to attribute it to?" 1 queried. "The MEN BASKETMAKING. . employing of women where men should be working" was his reply. One oE the inmates was making ooooanut - matting oE the ooarser kind at a loom, and Mr. Hendry informed me that this man had never Been the article manu factured/and had never had a sample to work by. With a few hints from Mi. Hendry he had picked np the trade himself. The insti tution is sending this olever fellow to the other colonies to get some wrinkles in the business, bo that he may be able to turn out a better artiole. The pUiting-maohine was set in motion for my edifioation, and the evolu tions of the reels put me in mind of the dancers whisking around in a ballet. There were some splendid mats to be seeu, and Mr. Hartmann was engaged- on a big pieoe of work. -1 learned from Mr. Hendry that Hartmann. made'the hnge matin front of the ifeyiiter Office, working in the lettering "S. A. Bepitter" without any assistance whatever. Hartmann, who is the Manager of the mat department, and a capitally built fellow, loughtall through the Franco-Prussian War, and lost his sight in one moment through an explosion in connection with the building of the first section of the' Mount Barker and Nairne Railway Line. Baskets of every de scription were to be seen, and the work done, in this department is pronounced equal to that turned out by any firm. One of the Government departments has expressed itself very pleased that the institution has got the contract again this year, as the artioles made by the blind twoyeaisagoareetillwearingwell. And the institution only ask their customers to judge their wares from a business and com mercial standpoint, and not from a senti mental one. Mr. W. Sparbier, the instructor of this department, made some fancy chairs in London in 1859, for Prince Albert, who was so pleased with the wares that he sent a oheque of £5 5s. to theiworkmah. In the rear of .the premises I saw the horse hair being treated. The rough material is purohased, and it is washed and rough hackled and put through the carding combs and graded on the premises. The institution uses some 40 or 50 lb. in the week of this material. , I also .witnessed the hair being curled, after whioh it is boiled and baked, and then teased out to give it the required spring. In addi tion to the trades.already mentioned there iB yet another branch — that of pianoforte tuning—and Mr. George Ide, the tuner, , who is blind and Has been trained in the institu tioD, was engaged in repairing and tuning two pianos which had been sent in for that pur pose, as the repairs required were so great as to necessitate them being brought to the insti tution, where tborongh attention oould be given to them. Mr. Ide is a competent tuner, holding certificates from some of the leading musicians in Adelaide—Mr. C. J. Stevensand others—for whom he has tuned. I think I have shown pretty conclusively that the blind are assisting themselves, and that they deserve the support of a kind and charitable oommunity. Now to detail the conversation I had with Mr. Hendry, which will give one an idea of what the institution propose doing and the plane for accomplish ing the object in view. He said—"We, like other people, are suffer ing on acoount of the bad times, and with the competition we have to fight in every line of our work we find it a great difficulty to keep our people constantly employed. In order to find additional employment we propose intro ducing several other branches of work, and in separate trades altogether we will require a new instructor. One of the lines is American broom work, which is particularly suitable for the blind. Five or six persons might be kept constantly employed at this, for in nearly every home you will find an American oarpet broom. Then there is oocoanut matting, which is an expensive ware to import from India. The raw material coineB in closely packed, and the duty is much less than on the made-up artiole, so this might be made a very profitable line. Then we pro posed going in for wool boarded mats, as at present we find it difficult to oompete with other people in the commoner kinds, and we also thought of taking up everything in connection with the bedding line:" By introducing these new branohea we trust to overcome the dearth of employment for oar people whioh at present prevails. As . you learned, the Literary Sooiety tneet, and the Sunday services, whioh are open., to the outside blind people, are held in one of the workshops. The library has to be used for ohoir and band practice, while this small office in which we are seated is used for the committee room, and when I. tell you there are thirty-two gentlemen on the committee, with an atten dance sometimes of seventeen or eighteen, you will understand what that means._ The idea is to build a showroom in front of tue building where we might display our goods to better advantage, and have a toon width of the property. whii -_ ...—_ widdo for hold- . ing meetmgsiuoonneotion withtheibstith tion To inttdduia'the: newbrabohes bf -work I speak of and to make these additions to the : premisesit isestiraated ;.ibkt it will bolt ■ £1,200. : AttbeJatterfendj ofthihyeattite institution has besnio extstenoe about eleven years, and before, the sohool was started nothing' was being done for theudultblibd. par people are bnlytoo millions tolehrb,and'. (bete it no troub'e to ,get them to woilt. lt eeemsohe of t^ir jfieatest deairest|)»t they should heebie teeerb their own livelihood. ■There ore 131 blind-persObs 'oonOepted with! the itwtitution, add :forty per«)iii|rj^i per-, manebtly employed ' here. v We purpOee arranging one or two Very good conoerta, and; are will. visit the towns which did hot take', part-in the big fairs.V We hope to ehliat the sympathy" of the: seeidentA of i'theo Various1 Slaoes, and to hold eotne forty orfifty-small azaara, By thia meana we thi nk we will be able to raise most of the Bum' requiiredibt aoy rate. Some people; hare got the'idea into, their'beada that we are very wealthy. Why, we haven't pot a "stiver." Whit bare yon done with the. proceeds of thelaat fair ?: theyaek. That eum, which amounted to £1,903, weijt to. purchase the present property and tobuildthe hew workshop*,', iwbiph were ooraplbted some twelve, or eighteen months' ago. ' -'The 12 o'olock bell rang, audio twos anil thrdes the blind workers aria- jn atm—being drawn together by the mutuelbobd, ay e, o f affl iotion—betook theinsel vesto their respeo-' tire homes, for none of them lire on the premises.''Of Mr. Hendryj • my admirable, cicerone, I cannot do better than cjuotethe last annua)..report of the committee:—"We cannot express too warmly our "appreciation ; of the Valuable work rendered to the Institu tion by its able and. devoted.Manager,.They • thankfully reoogniee how mUoh the suoOess hitherto achieved has been due to hu wise oversight and unflagging zeal." I wiehed Mr. Hendry gopd-by, and proceeded to town filled with impressions and stirriog^hotlgbts sug gested by whet I had Been. . And some of these I have tried to convey to the public in this artiole on the " Children of Nigbt." 