EASTERN EUROPEAN HORRORS. A WEEK'S ATROCITIES. The English papers delivered in Melbourne by last mail are full of accounts of the week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning of last month. The cable messages but faintly convey the idea of the atrocities perpetrated, and we now supplement the cable accounts by a few hurried clipped particulars. Chiefly we extract from the Daily News, which thus focuses the events of the week: The summary of the week's trouble is that the Armenians wished to make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favour of their co-religionists; that the Porte de termined that it should not take place, while unwise leaders of the Armenians had made up their minds that it should, even though force be came necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a chance of success; but being men driven to despair, they went through with their programme. Then Mos lem fanaticism, armed and in authority, was let loose, and every Armenian who was armed became a victim, together with hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising, no in surrection, or rebellion; but oppor. tunity has been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a manifesto by per sons in despair to let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the community, and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal. Many of the men who have been killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses they or their relations have incurred, and who were reckless of consequences. I verily believe that there are dozens of men who have gone about the business in sheer desperation, absolutely careless whether they would be killed or not. One such man was in the employ of an English merchant. He, too, was.remonstrated with and ordered not to go on penalty of being dis missed. He went, and after three days prison, in which he states that he was beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruises. The following experience relates to a person well known and respected by many American missionaries in the capital, and is related to me by that person himself. An office-bearer in an Armenian Protestant church at Guedik Pacha in Stamboul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, was engaged in superintending the building of a church at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10.30 in the morning, seeing many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he went to the chief police prison in Stamboul to ask for protection. He was arrested, but a Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, and he was released and obtained some police to accom pany him, The mob of Softas, gypsies, and others had increased, and he therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re arrested and detained in prison. While there he witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, whe were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, .the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that he and others saw four soldiers beat an Armenian porter to death, and afterwards three other persons. As the prisoners were brought in they were sent into an inner court, brutally beaten, and kicked down a flight of steps into a dari cellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, and found there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there were a hundred prisoners there. During two hours the outlet was closed, and while those within feared death from suffocation they heard the awful cries from above of men being beaten. My informant was released from the cellar after sunset on Mlonday. Eighty-eight persons spent the night in a room about 16ft square. Four others of the congre gation of the same Protestant churoh were similarly arrested, but on Wednesday morning they and a great number of other prisoners were allowed to go free. Incidents like the following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as a sample: On Tuesday the police had arrested in Ghedik Pacha, Stamboul, an Arme nian from the provinces, a strong, powerful man. The prisoner was escorted by two policeman and two soldiers of the regular army. Two Softas followed the escort. When they reached an isolated place in the quarter, one of the two Softas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow on the head of the poor Armenian, who, after staggering for a moment, fall VQvered with blood. The policemen and the soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When the man got up he struck in wild desperation with his fist at one of the soldiers, who fell, and he also kicked the other. He was at once overwhelmed by the number of his assailants, and killed on the spot like a dog. Not far from the hospital we passed two closed wagons with bodies, and at the door we met ;one just emptied coming away. Inside, near the chapel, were eight mutilated bodies that had just come. I was disguised, to avoid the suspicions of the Government officials, and first visited the hospital proper. In one of the beds was a woman who had been stabbed in the left lung. She also had I cut under the knee, and another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound in the breast is mortal. She said that about midnight of October 1 they had heard the mob coming out side. She, her husband, and father, together with a family of co-tenants consisting of a man, his wife, son, and daughter, had tried to hide themselves with some bales of cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying " Are there any men here ?" When they discovered the women screening the men, they dragged them all out. She and the other woman were wounded. The men were killed, but the girl escaped. Towards morning they were sent by the police to the hospital. The story of the other woman is so horrible that I can give only the outlines. She was with child at the time, and after a severe blow on the head, she received a large cut in the abdomen, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive when she reached the hospital, but died soon after. There were deep cuts in her arm and on her hand, which she had said she received in defending her husband. Another woman had been sent by theGovernment this morning. She was literally black and blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw all the afternoon. She said that, in order to hide, she had climbed with her husband into a tree, but they had been discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken to prison, and her child lost. From the prison she had been sent to the hospital Their house was situated in a Moslem neighbourhood. Leaving the hospital proper, I accompanied the doctors in their official examinations of thirty-four of the bodies. So awful is the impression stamped on my memory I fear a description in my own language of what I saw would be too horrible to print. The list goes through with the description of eighty bodies. It is evident, of course, that his examina tion was not scientific or minute, but was made only as an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There were two Government officials on hand who hampered examination and ques tioning. . - Most of the stabs in the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I cannot imagine how such deep and true wounds could have been made while the person was alive and standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to have been struck with axes. Of these, one was out in the neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a countless number of times in the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the back and chest, the examiners said, and so it seemed to me, must have been made with bayonets, and after the body was down. The few bullet holes that were pointed out were so well placed that they must have been fired point blank. It was impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very poor were the outer garments left on, and many bodies were only wrapped in winding-sheets. Four or five I noticed wearing white shirts, and one cuff was found with 6 laundry mark, 69; only two could be con elusively identified as hamals or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 55, with the vast majority in the thirties. 