COUNTRY NOTES. A narrow escape from death by suffoca tion took place in Wagga on Saturday afternoon. Thomas Cavanagh, a carter, living in Blake-street, was with his wife resting in a small room in which was a coke fire in a portable stove, improvised out of what appeared to be a nail can. The fnmes of the coke . spread, and induced sleep on the part of the couple, and later on Mrs. Cavanagh awoke and vomited. This aroused her, when 6he found that her husband was unconscious, and apparently in a dangerous condition. He was taken ? outside the house, where he recovered con seiousness later, though suffering some what from the coke fumes. Dr. Burgess was in attendance, and supplied the necessary restoratives. The room in which the couple were sleeping is a very small one, and not provided with a proper chimney or means of escape for the fumes. It is strange that so few will pay heed to the oft-repeated warnings as to the danger attending the burning of coke without making provision for th'e escape of the fumes. An Italian miner working in John Allen and party's claim at Bombay, near Braid wood, had a remarkably narrow escape on Friday evening last. While he was at J work a large boulder became detached ' from the earth at the top of the place which was being stripped and struck him on the knee, splitting the kneecap. He j was taken to the hospital, where his injuries were attended to by Dr. Llewellyn. A young daughter of Mr. George Bell, of Braid wood, aged about 4 or 5 years,met with a dreadful accident by burning on Monday afternoon. She an*i her little brother were playing with a piece of burning bark or wood, when the clothes of the girl caught fire, which were nearly consumed before the accident was discovered and her' mother rushed to her assistance. The poor little thing was frightfully burned up the side as far as the arms, and it is considered probable that a large portion of the' flesh will fall away. Mr. Neil M'Leod's premises at Tingha were broken into on Thursday night last, and .£40 in notes stolen, composed of three J610 notes and two JZo notes. Advantage was taken of his absence, whilst attending a Salvation meeting, of which body he is an ardent follower. He left his place about 7 p.m., securely locked, and upon . his re turn at 9 p.m. was surprised to see a light burning, which the burglar evidently forgot to extinguish, Upon opening the door he found the place had been thoroughly ran sacked, beddinsr and clothes strewn all over the floor, and the purse, which contained the money, lying on a table. A valuable gold ring was also with the money, but escaped the notice of the thief. Entrance was gained to the house through prising the catch from the front window with a chisel or some other sharp instrument. The installation of the W.M. and the investiture of the officers of the No. 4 'United Lodge of Masons were made at 'West Maitland on Tuesday night, by Brother Dr. Alcorn, as follows: W.M., H. A. Wolfe; senior warden, W. MacLough lin, jun. ; warden, .T. James ; chaplain, Rev. W. Tarrington; treasurer, W. birkmyre; secretary, W. Dimmock; senior deacon, J. Johnston ; junior deacon, A. Hermes; organist, W. Butterworth; inner guard, J. M'Loughlin; stewards, P. A. Bowden, J. Kerr, J. J. Westbrook, and W. A. Hughes ; tyler, H. Lee. The usual banquet followed. Mr. J. N. Brooks, police magistrate, pre sided at the Greta Municipal Appeal Court on Wednesday, and decided several points of law affecting landlords and tenants not previously understood. He disallowed the appeal of the Union Bank, mortgagees of a shop and dwelling, because the tenant and not the bank was named on the rate paper. An hotelkeeper's appeal was disallowed because he had failed to specially mention on his notice each separate assessment. In another case the magistrate would not allow the appeal or an agent for an owner absent from the colony as the agent had paid the rates, but the rate paper had been served on the tenant, whom the agent does not hold responsible. The Greta Coal Company has given notice to appeal against every item of the present year's assessment on the colliery property, and the hearing of the appeals has been postponed till the 3rd proximo. The council holds that the same vagueness as in the hotelkeeper's notice of appeal must condemn that of the coal company. The foregoing decisions are causing the utmost alarm among property-owners, as they contend that they are lett at the mercy of tenants, who may evade payment of rates, yet hold the sole right of appeal, the owners still being responsible. Farmers in the Braidwood district are complaining loudly this year of the dam age which is being done by magpies to the wheat crops which have been sown (says the local paper). It seems they come down on the crops in droves, just as the wheat appears above the ground, and digging their beaks down lift the seed clean out of the ground and completely destroy it. So disastrous have these pests become that the farmers have had to resort to extreme measures to protect themselves against their ravages. In one instance a farmer trapped no Ie3s than 200 in one week, while another shot 75 of them. We believe that these birds are pro tected for five years from June 1, 1893, although they do not appear in the original act, but we are informed they were added to the schedule subsequently, along with the pee-wee and the king parrot. The birds protected absolutely for this period are : Fish hawks or seals, lyre bird, regent bird, bell bird, black cockatoo, native companion, nankin crane, laughing jackass, kingfisher, emu, and seagull. The birds protected from August 1 to January 1 are : Brush turkey, znailee hen, land curlew, bittern, land rail, black swan, bustard, wild duck, plovers, pigeons and doves, and wild geese. If the magpie are protected birds, then it is oovious that those persons who interfere with them render themselves liable to prosecution. But the farmers surely cannot be expected to stand by quietly and see their crops ruthlessly de stroyed, and their means of subsistence taken away from them in this manner. This would be expecting rather too much of human nature. The only remedy, therefore, is to have these birds at once removed from the operation of the act, as far as this district is concerned at any \- rate. The Singleton paper writes: 'The ghost has not been seen or heard from for some time now. but it is not alone in this town that people are anxious that he should not make himself so scarce, and are desirous of making his acquaintance. A gentleman at Macleay is most anxious to gather all the possible 'facts' which may -be forthcom ing in connection with— the ghost. The gentleman is one of the Australian cor respondents of the Psychie Besearch Society of England, and he gathers up and sends to London all information he can get about Australian ghosts.4' The crushing from the Lady Mary Com pany's Mine, Adelong, has proved a dis appointment, 160 tons yielding only €7oz I2dwt 12gr retorted gold. About 30 tons of the stone, which recently yielded 4dwt to the ton, was included, having been raised and put in the paddock with some other stone before the recent .trial was made. . 