NOTES & COMMENTS. Wanted Gentlemen. - There is ample room for improvement in connec tion with the speeches of electioneering candidates. It is impossible to glance over some of the recent electioneering speeches with out some feeling of humiliation and pain. Why should one candidate abuse another because he happens to be on the side of the opposing^ party ? If it is rude and vulgar at all to descend to scurrilous personalities, it must be rude and vulgar to do so on electioneering platforms. And, surely, the country has the right to expect the common man ners of a gentleman from men who as pire to be its lawmakers. It may be pleaded that it is much easier to point out the weaknesses of men, than it is to point out the defects and weaknesses of measures ; and that the ordinary elector can better understand what you mean by abusing your opponent, than by at tempting to enlighten the said elector on the principles of political economy. All this may be true, but that does not alter the necessity for improvement in the matter of common courtesy and gentlemanly speech. The defects of party Government have been glaringly exhibited of late years, but never more so than during this last electioneering campaign. One of the questions which the modern Church Young | has to consider is beyond Methodism.| doubt that of the reten tion of our young people. The class-meeting is admirably adapted for doing so, when the young people of the Church are full of spiritual life and vigour. Hence, when some great wave of revival sweeps over the Church, the classes become filled and echo many joyous experiences. But, unhappily, there are many young people who have been brought up in our Sunday-schools to whom the class-meeting seems to have little or no attraction. And it is these we want to get hold of, to keep them from drifting away from the Church, and from all the influences of religion. The Endeavour movement is meeting a want in this direction, hence its great popularity ; and our ministers do well to foster any movement that will bind our young men and maidens to the Church. In the Christian Ad vocate (Belfast) a young man, writing on this subject, says: ' There is a felt want amongst many young men whom I know, of an organisation in which they can improve themselves in other than Biblical or religious subjects — an organisation in which they can discuss social or other questions they may deem advisable. An organisation like this would not exclude any, whether Chris tian or not, and many would attend it who would not attend either classmeet ing or Christian Endeavour.' There is something in this, for in these days free discussion seems to have a wonderful charm for many educated young people. In the Anglican Synod, Matrimonial held in this city last week, Agencies, the following resolution was passed : — ' That this Synod deprecates the existence of matrimonial agencies in New South Wales, and earnestly requests their lordships the bishops of the province to use all means in their power to prevent clergymen of their respective dioceses from performing marriages at such agencies or in connection therewith.' It seems to us a great pity that such a resolution was necessary at all ; but that it was so, was self-evident. How or dained ministers of any Christian de nomination can demean themselves by thus playing into the hands of com mercial adventurers is a mystery to us. One would think that the fact of being a Christian minister, would in itself be a sufficient safeguard to prevent any man giving himself for the sake of a few shillings to do the work necessary to keep afloat these matrimonial agencies. In all professions there is an unwritten law which prevents men demeaning the profession to which they belong. And we doubt whether the members of any secular calling, such as the profession of medicine, or of law, would sell them selves to a class of men whose sole ob ject was to make money at the expense of their particular profession. -And, moreover, the State in licensing the ministers of the various Churches to celebrate marriages, does so because they are ministers and not charlatans. Mb. Harry Quilter's The Gospel article on ' The Gospel of of Intensity,' published in Intensity. a recent number of The Contemporary , is a very timely production. Some of the writers of modern fiction have disgraced both themselves and their art by their neurotic sensationalism and by their word pic tures of the seamy and degrading side of human life. Realistic, some of these pictures may be, but that is no reason why their foulness should be laid bare to public gaze. It is only a depraved and vitiated taste that seeks garbage for food ; healthy men and women like to live upon wholesome things. The moral garbage that goes to make up the pages of a certain class of writers, can only minister to a thoroughly bad and de praved taste. Mr. Quitter holds that one chief influence in this moral degra dation 'is the influence of the actor and the actress, aided by the Press, which has given an amount of attention and glorification to everything con nected with the stage which is totally unparalleled in the past, or even at the present time, in any other country than ours.'' Speaking of certain illustrators, he says : — ' It is nothing less than piti able to see these talented young fellows, with all the fair world of art before them, producing, week after week, pic tures of drunkards, costermongers, and cocottes, vying with one another in the debasement of their best ideals. It is vulgarity which is the raison d'etre of our new illustrated papers, and they are daily vulgarising England.' This, alas ! is too true, but we hope with him that this boom in vulgarity and vice will soon come to an end. Isr the heart of Hankow, Methodism one of the great cities of in a Central China, a - new Chinese City. Methodist Church has been opened, which al ready possesses a singular and inspiring history. First, our two new Mission Churches in Hankow have been erected, says the Recorder,- 'to the glory of God and in memory of departed saints, by a prominent Methodist layman, whose heart the Lord had touched.' Second, this particular church, one of the two spoken of, was opened on Easter Sunday by the pioneer preacher of Central China, Dr. Griffith John, who preached the first sermon in the new church, and set forth the glory of the Resurrection. Third, the site of this particular church is just where the Gospel was first preached in Hankow thirty-four years ago.. Fourth, the range ot its influence is very wide. The 'Rev. David Hill says Hundreds hear the Gospel preached here five days in the week frem all parts of the country. Dr. John, writing oi the chapel, says: ' It is a splendid spot for daily preaching. The Word of God ought to sound forth to the utmost bounds of the province from there.' Friends of China will rejoice with us at this newly- opened door, and with thanksgiving will, I trust, continue their supplications that our Gospel may come not in word only, but in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance.' It has been a good thing for Methodism that she has had so many noble laymen, who have done great things for the Church and for God. We hope that their race will be long perpetuated. In Protestant countries Rome the Romish Church makes and a fine show on the sub Education. ject of education. And it must be confessed that she manifests much earnestness in the matter. It is one of her great chances to get hold of the young, and by her convent and other schools she Beeks to extend her influence amongst a Protes tant people. Nor do we blame her for this. She is wise in her generation, and Protestant Churches would do well to copy her example and imitate her zeal. But how is it when you get away from the stimulating influence of Protestant ism into purely Roman Catholic countries, another tale is told there ? For instance, Spain, one of the great strongholds of the Papacy in Europe, the country of the Inquisition and the Armada, is to-day a Roman Catholic country, where Romish priests and churches are as thick as black berries in autumn. And what about the education of the people and the enlightenment of the masses there? Simply this: that the last official census of the country showed that out of a population of 17,555,682 persons, 11,945,871 could neither read nor write. Fancy nearly two out of every three persons you meet are destitute of the common rudiments of education ! Truly a fine field for the betterment of the masses. Lord Bbassey's speech The New at the banquet given him Governor in London prior to his of Victoria, departure for Australia had a fine ring about it. If, as Governor of Victoria, he should realise his own ideals, he can scarcely fail to be one of the most popular of v. Colonial governors. But, beyond doubt, he has many qualities which seem r eminently to qualify him for the post. i And if he feels himself as he expressed in his speech, that ' the greatest duty of a Colonial Governer was to foster every kindly feeling which would serve to bind the silken fetters of mutual pride and affection between the mother country and her daughter states,' we may confidently expect that the tie which binds these colonies to the Im perial Government will be, strengthened rather than otherwise. Then Lord , Brassey is a statesman as well as a yachtsman and an experienced navigator, and he looks at the question of federa tion from an Imperial point of view and not from that of American republicanism. Both he and Lady Brassey are not insen sible to the value of social questions, and if the Daily News be correct in its infor mation. Lady Brassey is a cyclist, and she and the Princess Henry of Pless 'rank among the most graceful and expert of riders.' Surely Victoria has reason to congratulate herself on her new Governor and his family surround ings. 