WATTLE FLAT ITEMS. Wattle Flat, Monday, Very dry though beautifully warm weather prevails, with an occasional frost to remind us of tho departing win ter, the drvest and coldest tho old Flat hag experienced for a considerable time. Nearly half the cattle that had charge of their own barque on tho common during the winter have quietly laid themselves down for the crows to pick at, while a large percentage of those that atill have a kick in iheni will, I fear, very soon tveary of gum Ieavc3 and bad water (principal fodder), and give up the ghost also. A few of tho stock owners very wisely went out into the mountains and fellerl currajong and other shrubbery for their cattle, and thus saved them from the above fate. Mining in general is at a very low ebb. Very few claims are paying wages ; still there are many thit promise better results in the future1. Several parties with assistance from tho prospecting vote are gettkg along very well towards completing their contracts, with no bet ter results than ? encouragement, and juat with colors enough of the rich metal to justify them, in their opinion, to apply for farther aid.' Much dissatis faction is felt among the miners at the delay experienced in getting the returns for their work done by the Government vote. In many instances the minor has to wait six or seven weeks after having his work measured before his moDey is remitted from Sydney. The local bachelors are promoting 'a grand social in return to the Iadie3— a debt of long standing. About 100 in vitations are issued throughout the dis trict. A travelling troupe of minstrels en tertained an audience of about 60 in the Temperance Hall on Satnrday ni^ht, and, judging by tho frequent applause accorded the performers, their efforts must have been appreciated. Mr, . P. Theobald has invited his many young friends to roll up to a party he is giving in the Temperance Hall on Friday night to celebrate his 59th birth day. Mr. Theobald, who is a jolly little bachelor, seldom forgets to give his young friends a treat in a similar man ner ; consequently the date of his birth day is not forgotten by many of the young folks. We were all pleased to hear of genial Tom Morris, of 4 Long Shandy' fame, coming out top at the Limekilo wallaby drive. Tom : is a real live sport, and a jolly good fellow withal. 