Shrouded inMystery OR, Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, Author of ' Fob True Love's Sake. 'Three Ijovely Wom-s,' ' Dahkkb Than Death,' ' An Ockak Secuet.' ' Bgcalledto Life,' ' Hichee to iluiK,' ' Who Killed John Cameron 7' 'The Police Minister.' Ktc. CHAPTER VIII. LEAVING THE l'AHGNTAL HOOF ; V1IAT CANE OF DBAQOINO TliK HlVlttl. The bride was found to be sufficiently re covered to Bit up on the gentlemen's return to the dining-room, bnt ehc was etiil pal* and Ofritatcd, and licr father's imperious demand that she should then and there declare what bad frightened her did uoc at all tend to restore her equanimity. She declared that she 'thought it was a ghost that had looked in at the window, and little wonder too, when the face was eo deathly white.' Bat to this plausible enough explanation Mr Badcliffe rejoined, ' 6mn* and uonsen&u.; wench, you thought no such thing, for vour words were, * G r?at God he lives ! Jlr is there!* and how could a ghost livv? the thing is ridiculous on the face of it. You are trying to throw dust, in our eyes.' ' When peoplu are frightened out of their censes they don't know what they Bay, father,' retorted the bride, whilBt an ex pression came into her eras that assuredly was not all fear. 'I won't be called to Recount in this manner, ill as I f col. Sir Harry, I am yow wife as well as his child, and bo I look to y-nt for protection,' she added appealingly. ' My dear sir, your condnct is really too violent, on an occasion like the present, 'with a timid and distressed girl for an opponent. Lady Howarth is well within her rights in appealing to a husband in sucU an instance — even against a father— and — 1— I really must insist., Mr Badcliffe, on the subject* being Changed,' ' Eh, what's this ? Mustn't I question my own offspring? A pretty kettle ot neh I do declare,' exclaimed the choleric parent. ' Barbara, vou are n wothe^ and may still, 1 suppose, exercise a mother's rights. Bo laku Che pert hussy into auotber room, and see that you get out of her what I insist on on knowing. Odds bodkins, I hardly know whether I'm on my bead or my heels, matters are getting so topsy turvey — blest if thev aren't,' ' 1 think,' suggested Sir Harry, in reply to an appealing look from his bride, 'that the time has come round for our departure, and I sincerely hope that no unpleasantness may be connected with the last fen- minutes ?which Lady Howarth will spend in the home of her parents and of ber childhood. I am quite satisfied with the explanation which she has just given us. wherefore I really think that everyone else should be 60.' ' Rose,' he added, turning to his wife with a smile, ' I'm not going to take you to your new home on a pillion, but in a c image, which I have had sent up from London for the express purpose, ami of course for your future use as welL Bnt as inch a vehicle has never yet been seen in these pans yon muBt not mind bring stared at as we pasB up Yorkshire-street.' He had intended this carriage to have been an agreeable surprise, for though such Vehicles had been introduced into England, id company with pocket watches, $s early as the reign of Elisabeth, and had grown quite common In London in that of James the Firet, they were almost unknown luxn ries in Lancashire up to 1770, owing greatly, no doubt, to the road* being too rough for their use, and this was assuredly the first t'i«.t had ever entered Hocbdale. Sir Barry bad let the cat out of the bag thus prematurely in order to divert atten tion into another channel, and, as a carriage was necessarily connected with horses, it had that effect upon Mr BadclifEe, in wboBe affections both horses and dogs took rank before either wife or children. ' Hey, what's this 7 A coach such as the king rides in, and for my daug liter's use too. Bless my heart and soul, you don't say so T Allow me the pleasure of taking wine with yon, Sir Harry, Hose, you young rogue, go sad get your travelling things on at once. Don't have the ill-breeding to keep a coach waiting, for I believe the Lord Mayor of London rides in one as well. Odds bodkins, this w a enprise I A fresh war with France would be nothing to it. A daughter of John Badcliffe, of the Wood, to ride in a coach I Well, I never t Let us hurry oat, and have a good look at it before the horses are put to.' Rose cast upon her husband a grateful look, and a proud one &s; well, and then instantly quitted the room with her mother, ber bridesmaids following her closely. Yet, despite the presence of the four beautiful girls, Mrs BadcUfic found an opportunity of whispering in her daughter's car, whilst slipping on her cloak : ' Whose face really was it that you saw *iAf-rinp in at the window, mv dear child 7' ' Poor Ruth's wretched and abandoned husband's, mother. Of course 1 was reticent before all those people. Wasn't I quite right in avoiding creating a public scandal, which papa in his unthinking passion almost forced me to do T' 11 You acted very properly, my dear. But what made yon so astonished at beholding Halcamus Greenwood alive, when we have never heard even of his being iJl ? Can it be possible that you have received a second letter from dear Butb, and never told me f' 'No, mamma, I have not had so much as a line from poor Euth of late, on my honor.' ?l Then wherefore the surprise, and how occasioned ?' « I don't know. How can 1 tell ? Does ^nnvotLt know what they say or do when ffriehtened out of their very senses:1 J declare, mother, you are as bad as father.' ?» Rose, how it it that you keep on applying Butb's epithets to us, which even in her case I h&d; eo ctrong an objection to that 1 was continually censuring her for making nse of them 7 Up to last night you never spoke of or addressed either of us except n£ oaoa and mamma. You can't think how U stabs me to the very heart * 'Oh, don't go finding fault with k. mere Blip of the tongue and nothing more, and ffOod-bye as soon ae yon like, If you are ben* on lecturing. You ..ball tind me butter behaved when once I've been installed as mistress of Clegg Hall, so tarewell, you toolish, fond old thing, and be sure to come when, if he'll allow me, I'Jl introduce you to that distinguished personage, the family boggart.*' Bo saving, Rose, who bad commenced speaking* in ctobg and irritable tones, but softened down as she proceeded, kissed and linseed her mother in an impulsive and half historical BOrt of way, and ended np by an attempt at laughter, which was a lamentable failure. As though aware of this, and ^reading fnrther questioning in conBcquence, 'ne hastily called her bridesmaids around her, and managed so as not again to be left alone with her mother for a single instant, until the time of her final parting arrived. This was somewhat hurried by tbe, to her, most welcome announcement, conveyed in the impatient tones of hejr father, that ' the coach was at the door, and coaches mustn't be kept watting,' whereupon there ensued ? e volley of kiBBings and huggings, and a minute later the bride found herself seated inside a roomy and mnch-begilded vehicle, in shape very like a large meat pie, where npon, according to custom, a posset jug was i brought to her to take a good drink out of, the concoction being compound of new milk, fine bread, currants, spice, and rum. As fine felt in absolute need of such a cordial, she indulged in a deep draught thereof, after which her husband sprang in beside her, and the usual shower of shoes followed them by way of benison, as the cumbrous vehicle, drawn by a pair of power ful horses, turned round with the grace of a Noah's Ark, and rolled elowly ont of the i grounds. Three minutes later they were on the bridge, and they'd just rumbled across it and gained the Butts, when Hose was sur- i prised at Sir Harry's thrusting his head out of tbe window and calling to the driver Directly tbe carriage bad been brought to , a standstill her huabaud beckoned np three individuals, two of whom carried four barbed dran, and the third a net, all recking urith moUtuit, u Indeed were tho j pea. 41 You've just returned Wi dropping the river, 1 eec,' said the baronet. ' Have you discovered aught of the missing lady who it is feared web drowned last night?' 'No, sir,' responded one of the men. ' We've more chance of doing so later on, for we've sunk a strong net all across the Btrcam at Tyrone's Bed, and depend most on that. We've been fishing with these things more for the Bake of doing something than in the expectation that much would come of it, which you bco thrre hasn't.' ' We will hope that the hat was only bloum off somebody's head into the stream,' replied tbe baronet. ' Aye, but you sec, Sir Harry, the young lady never comed back to the inn, even though she'd hired a bed there, and her nag is there still, and the landlady swonre that the hat and veil was hers, so that it'e almost hoping agin hope to do as you Bay. I'm much afeard, and bo are we all, that we shall find her corpse in the net under Tyrone's Bed ivhcn vrn visit it on the that Bhc hud been washed acy lower down the stream before we had Fet it, A corpBe at lenst that 'e been my experience of 'em.' MVell. I u-on't detain you, my good fellows. 1 shall be in town again to-morrow, and then shall doubtless learn something nioro definite, atiil God grant that it mav not he so b:id as we fear. Meanwhile here's n guinea, fo that you may wet yourselves within while you dry yourselves.' and toss ing them the coin Iul* haronrt baiie bis coach man drive on, pulled up tun window, and reseated himself In-side his bride. Glancing round nt her he pirceivi'd that sbe woe pallid as a corpse again, and panL ing rb though for breath. ' Whv Rose.11 be said, in half -wondering tonee, ''what slijzht things affoct you of late. I always tbongbt that you were a brave and strong-minded girl unlit this morning. Come, this is childish. To be porry for the poor lady if she rcnUy in drowned is one thing, but to look as though you were going quite another. Try and think of something CHAPTER IX. I YHLT, CHANGE YODH BEIDE INTO A WIDOW UKLE6B MY DEMAND IB INSTANTLY GRANTED. The bTide tried hard to do as slie wns bidden, and. being ft pirl of strong determi nation anH immense self-restraint, not wholly without success. ?She talked, and 'wreathed her misery in smiles,' and Sir Harry wns thankful even for this, for thero was a great .fcal of glass window in and aboul his now carriage, and he had no ambition that the crowds who were already rushing from all directions to get a. glimpse of the (to them) extraordinary phenomenon, should also catch sight of a erring anH apparently disconsolate bride Beated within it. for what conclusion might they not. draw therefrom of a most unflatter ing nature to himself ? This was all the more probable because his relations with his first wife had been the subject of a groat deal of uncharitable com ment and hostile criticism, which chiefly had reference to her mysteriously Budden death, of which several different version* had got about ; to the quiet manner of her funeral, and the fact that iosfeaii of being buried in consecrated ground sbe had been interred iust under Tower Hill on the Clcgg Hall estate, atid so heavy and ugly a monu ment built over her grave that it looked as though 'Lwff« intended as a priaon honsR out of which even her e:hoBt would have no chance of escape to upbraid or torment the ]iviDg. To his friends the baronet pave a satis factory reason for all, or at all events for most of this, namely, that his unhappy wife had suffered from frequent aberrations of reason, snd during one at such attacks bad committed self-destrnction, and it being the rule that all suicides should be buried at dead of night at crossroads, and with etake6 driven through tbmr bodies, he had not dared Beck Christian interment for the deceased lest the other should he meted nut to ber instead, and therefom he had had her buried as quicklv, quiet lv, and nn* ostentatiouRly as possible in his own Grounds, where it would be a trespass, and con pequentlv a breach of thr law, for anyone to disturb her last resting place. As a clergyman and a Burgeon had con firrard this tale, and both had never cprbcI to be friendly with the owner of the Hall, one occasion risked his own life (he being no swimmer) to save that of a child who had fallen into the Roach, nearly everyone was at last disposed to absolve him from all WflTUR on his dead wife's account, and Mr and Mrs Badcliffe must certainly have done so or thev would not have allowed their beloved child to become ber successor. As for the common folk, thev mostly laid the blame of the doleful occurrence on the Clee Hall boggart, and hoped, wiih many a shake of the head, that he mteht not prove so malignant to the second wife as he bad been to the first onn. or even as he waB already becoming, some added, to poor Miss Lucy, who had for too old a head for her young shouldefflj who never made the least noise as she moved about, never smiled except at night time, or left a shadow upon even the Funniest wall as she glided along, whilst in face she rtsembled a lovely corpse instead of a fresh healthy young girl of eighteen. Bo cronies gossiped concerning Sit Harry's only child, who was jnst a couple of years his new bride's junior, and a Dale, dreamv looking girl, with lan?e, sad, violot-hued eyes, who seldom spoke above & whisper, and smiled more rarely still, Snch appearance and habits were natural perhaps to one who had been reared from her childhood amidst pnch grand yet gloomy surroundings, and with books and ancient domestics (whose parents and grandparents before tbe.ro had served and lived in the during the f reqnent and le.ngthv p°rio-is tb»t hcT f.itW was away ' at tbe wars.' Rut oven when Iip whs at home he gave himself almost wholly up to the aocictv of hnotcrSi from all association with whom she was rigorously exclude.], for bachelor parties were, at the period to which we are which boasting, Bw-yirine and obscenity ran riot, and it was the highest ambition of a host to drink all his guests under the table whilst he vet kept his own chair. Be it rewemhere'i that we are here enoak ing not of proflitratos and reprobates, but of honorable upright men, and steady church often the aliection of all who knew them. Sir Harry had frequently spoken to Tlose of bis daughter Lucy, and prosTionticitod paid to his bride, ' I've no doubt (hat Lucy is already counting Ihe moments and stand ing at one of the windows of tho Hall with ber eyes fixed on the distant rood in eager '?Luc-'?' exclaimed Rose with a start. ' Lucy,' she repeated, glancing round at her husband enquiringly. ' Yes. my daughter Lucy, to be sure. Why. what other Lucy could you have 11 Uh, yi-, of course; and 1 shall be so glad ; ? know hiT. Rut why wasn't she one of °vhTr-«i»MB?M ?lWh- *n8 Deavena« my dear, what youry^itB^rveOtoWWyou a .'!°zen l^meB a^ the very least that J couldn't o\\. Lucy's natural, vet most unfortunate, basli her to be present at the wedding at- ail, far If SB to be onn of your bridesmaids, I really can't tell what to' make of you, yon are so 11 It is a strange day to me, you sgc, and truth to tell. I woe thinking of' the boggart more tnan ot Liucy. '? Oh, wrb that the time of day ? ' laughed the baronet, with all bis suspicions laid at rest by this apparently naive confession. ' Well, my dear, I do assure you ibat you'll think less of the boggart with each week that passes over your head at Clcgg Hall, for rvc never seen him, and Luc}* has never seen him, and J don't believe that either my ? father or mother, who Jived in the old place all their lives, ever saw him either, bo you can tell by that that he isn't tvry obtrusive fully that if be 'ever becomes so J'JJ have the parson of the parish to lay him instantly, and he shall be bnried in company with a double -comb eil cock, with a stake driven through its body. No boggart was ever known to rise again Bftcrt&at.;' Whilst this conversation was passing be* tween them the carriage rolled up Yorkshire street, and at hue gained the Old Pack Horse Inn, which, strange to Bay Hose, passed with her eyee closed, Had she kept them open elm might have observed that at thvt point Sir Harry's grand and novel turnout attracted less attention than at any previous part of its progress ; for though tbe crowd was very dense, it seemed to be wholly occupied with some other matter.' The baronet did not seem to remark this later coincidence, and a minute or two latter they wurc out of the town altogether, for Yorksbi re-street changed into Yorkebirc road at the point where West-street now connects with it, so that the balding haw thorn hcdgcB took tlie place of houses, and from thence to SmaUbritlge, ben the tiniest of villages, Bive now and then an old man&inu; buried amidst the trees, or a solitary whitewashed and rn&h-thalched; cot standing bv the way Bide, the road, waa as lonely and ae rural as it well could be. It became positively gloomy when at last the carriage turned to the right, splashed HiTmiirh the river at n. simllnw fnrd. thonch owing to the flood the water rushed over the Hxietrucs even hfre, and on reaching the op)K-&ite; bank rumbled along what waa known as the Clcgg Horn Eoad. There were neither colliericrs nor mills anywhere in the neighborhood then, but placcB, and high hedges in others, bordered the narrow and deeply- rutted bridle path, for in reality it was nothing more. The possibility of a four or even of a two wheeled vehicle eve* traversing it had evi dently never been contemplated when it was made, but sufficient space bad been allowed for two heavily-laden pack horses lo gi't past ciicb oilier, so there was ample room for the carriage, though it required careful navigation to guard against accidents, and it was certainly fortunate that the ' Such was the position of matters when a man crept out of one of the before-mentioned lir plantations, through a gap in the hedge, and pointing a pistol at the driver's head, ordered him peremptorily to 'pull up his cattle or be shot dead, whichever he pre ferred.' On his immediately doing as he was bidden, the stranger, who was dressed like a nce.dy and impoverished gentleman thongh his clothfiB hung loose upon him, stepped up to the carriage, revealing by the action the fact that be was masked as well as armed, and pointing his pistol at the baronet, ex elainteJ : u My bullets will reach farther than your a word, and. as prudence provcB no lack of courage, you will be a wise man and no coward to part with vour purse rather than your life. Sir Harry Ho warth.' 'I1 faith, 1 think vou are about rieht there,' laughed the baronet, for to be robbed on the highway on ihosvi dajH was too corn made over it. ' Here is my purs^, bo pray be polite and don'fc trightcn the lady, for I have but juat married her.' Hut the lady was frightened already, and Iopb by the stranger's pistol than by his voice. Nor did the words which he next spoke at all tend to reassure her, for they were : ally polite to the' tair sex, and although I am as yet hardly more than an amateur, I will in that respect act with the courtesy of an old professional. I have my little fads and fancies, though, and the Rose of Roch dale, which you have this morning plucked from its parent stem, is, I have heard, cele brated for the beauty of her arm and shoulder. I must ecc both, Sir Harry, and as all shows have to be paid for, let the price of the present exhibition be your watch, chain, and rings. You see I am pre pared to pay high tor a whim.' The whim eeemed to be a most distasteful one to the bride, who gave vent to an hysterical scream, whereat Sir Harry ex claimed furiously, '? Insolent fellow ! what do you mean ?' and the stranger rnsponded quite calmly, ' I mean that I will change your bride into your widow unless my de mand is instantly granted.' [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] 