“ALL MEN ARE LIARS.” BY JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR OY n*nir*w Fairfax,” “Iuhmael Pengelly,” &o;,, &0. pviltihei ly special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Loch $ Bowden, Ltd, |iIX RIQHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTBB XVI. CURRENT MORALITY. i‘Ba not righteous overmuch: . . he not overmuch wicked, neither ba tbou foolish"—Solojion. The Colonel looked at his son-in-law for a ! few Eeconda, as though he were in doubt j bow to proceed ; then he Baid loudly— •‘Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I cime to tell you—came to settle things. This is a very bad state of affairs ; I don’t like it, I hive said so to Isabella dozens of times. 1 ohonld like^to be alone for a few minutes with you.” "Gentlemen.” I said, “there Is another room at our disposal, if you will be good enough to follow me.” "Thank you, thank you, youDg Daniel, that is Dr Roberts, and Mr—Mr Ilford ; so torry to trouble you. I hope to see yon jgajn in a few minutes ; especially do I want to have a chat with Edgcumbe." As it happened, however, neither of us saw the Colonel any more that night; bnt Stephen told me what had taken place. " 1—I came with my daughter’s—that is —conseht,” began the Colonel. •• Yea,” said Stephen ; *• why has she not answered my letters ? ’ " Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even old fellows like I am get a bit huffy now and then, when we don’t get our own way—ha, ha 1 ’ and the Colonel laughed uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. "iBtbella is a Tempest,” went on the Colonel, ' and she has a temper ; all the Tempest3 have, I’m glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple, she didn’t like your — nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for yon, she th nte yon haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you must make some— some—that is—concessions.” What concessions "Just like a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, ehe only wants you to be reasonable, and— and—yon can be now—easily.” “Yea; howl" "Well, my friend Elgoumb9 has weathered the storm, and has bronght his ship safely into harbonr. Isn’t that poetical —eh ? Well, he’s a rich man sgain. to all intents and purposes, and no donbt will give yon a good allowance. After, all, Im almost glad you acted as yon did, and I ve said Eince, ‘ Stephen Temple was wise after all;’ it wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those—those—pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. Bat now its all over. You can have a good allow ance sgain ; and when that is arranged, yon —you can take your wife to yonr heart once more, and—and be—be happy. Come now, what do you say 1" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man; he could hardly understand how he could talk so. "Am I to understand, then, that if my uncle will give me a good allowance, Isabella wdl consent to come back to ma “Yes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgcumbe and I. Edgcumbe promised an allowance when—when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say j e3, and I’ll order a bowl of punch on the strength of it. *' “ And is this the only condition on which Isabella will come back to me 1” " Why, of course. You oouldn't expect Isabella, a Tempest, and the wife of a Temple,”—here the Colonel expanded his chest—“ to go into, lodgings and slave like the daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry, ffo, Stephen Temple ; family is family, and blood is blood. Isabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy her name; ehe must live like a lady wherever she goeB. I am a poor man; but, thank God, I’ve taught her ths rights of a lady.” “ Which is most worthy the rank of a lady?’ asked Stephen; “to live in com parative luxury on money to which she has no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned ?” “ What do you mean ? ’ asked the Colonel. “ What right have I to aa allowance from my uncle?” asked Stephen. "He has not paid his creditors more than a third of what he owed them.” ” The whole matter has been settled at a court of .law; the law has passed judg ment,” replied the Colcne1, “and thus Edgcumbe ia free.” " The law has nothing to do with it, Whatever the law says, he owes thia money ; It does not belong to him, bat his creditors.” I respect the majesty of the law, replied the Colonel. ‘-Trne, I don’t like these bankruptcy proceedings ; they are— are—well, infra dig.; but tne affair is over ; and what your unele has now, is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants yon. Let us Settle things amicably.” “I do want my wife,’’-said Stephen; oet if she will come under no other eon-1 ditiono than these, I must remain as I am.” “ Do you mean to say you will not take Shis money ? * " Certainly not,” The Colonel turned purple. ■ “ Refuse a thousand a year?” he gasped. "Certain _v, if it is not my own, and does not come to me fairly." “You—yon blackguard 1” he cried. “ You marry my daughter,_ you take her away from home, you low-lived scoundrel, then you discard her.” , ’ • I don't,” replied Stephen ; “ I will only too gladly welcome her back, if *he will come as a wife Bhould.” , “ A Tempest come back to lodgings such as you can give her J" shouted the Colonel ; " never! A pretty sense of honour yon’ve got, to marry a wife and thea ejepeot her hither to keep her.” “You know it is a lie,” said Stephen, ” Ever since sheieft, I have sent her, as you know, every farthing I coaid scrape to gether.” “ A paltry trifle!" 44 It was all I had,” svd Stephen; and certainly not too sma'l a turn for . you to accept. Come, Colonel, don’t make me think worse of yon than I think already. Rave some sense of honour 1 “ You say this to me 1 ” gasped the 'Colonel; “ bnt you shall suffer for it. out •I’ll no loDger breathe such polluted air. A little later Stephen called us baok again, ■and I knew from his pale, blanohed face how keenly he had been suffering. He never said anything that night, however, and shortly after both his uncle and Illford took their leave, ■'.‘Look here, Stephen,” said Ilford, before tbey^Ieu •' “don’t make your life miserable tOn you can help. Mike the best of this dirty world, 1,d- ^ ““ society and drink • w .pleasures^ It has. (Give up these foolish idtai-' y°8r,» 80 P facta, and make the best of the*?' , "Thank you,” said Stephen} th n he held out his hand to his uncle. "I ehall give you no advice." said Luke j 11 you know what I thiok, and what I will gladly do for youand I couldn’t help seeing a look of real' affection shining out of the cynic’s eyes. Tor some time after this I thought I_ saw »Blight change for the better in my friend. That is, he looked happier. He seeined to •forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was :®ore like his old self. Daring the time' I had livedTh; Battersea, .1 had become'acquainted with several well to-do families living ait Wandsworth' • Common, and I was oftenidlftad to honsea at •fCJapham Common, 'P'fuA tybtan aK»*l Stephen to people! 1 knew and had so inter ested. them in him that on one or two occasions when they had invited' me to their houses, an invitation had also come for my friend. Up to this time he had refaBed them; but when one day—about a fortnight aftsr his uncle’s visit—I ahowed him a letter, containing an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, he told me. he would be very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on the evening in question, we started for Clapham Common. On our way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Queen’s Hoad. She was an old woman nearly seventy' years of age, and was troubled a great ' deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing, it .was very cold, and I had told her that if she' expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we.entered the room which she ooonpied—for Stephen went with me—we found her- sitting beside the ghost of a fire, having sold, as she told me, an article of furniture to buy coals. ‘‘I was ’bilged to do it," she explained. “ and ’fcwas ’ard; you Bee, 'twas bought by my ’nsband. aforei ee died. Poor Bill, ee didn’t think 'twould come to this ! Bat I’m a-goin' to start to-morrow, I am. Two-..of my old customers hev kept some things for me; so now, please God, I’ll rob on all right till next winter." What do you do for a living ?’’ asked Stephen. *• Pm a laundress,” replied the woman. “ Yo see, I’m not strong enough to go out a-charin' like I used to, and I takes ’ome the washin’, and I does.it as I’m able. I've got a good bit behind wi' my rent while I’ve bin poorly, and yon know washiu* is bad for the bronohitis. Ye see, what with the steam, and the best indoors; and then a-tabin’ back the things in the cold, ’tie ter'ole tiyin’, ter'ble ; but summer is cornin' on now, so I don’t mind.” “ And how much do .you owe for ront ?” asked Stephen. “I owe four weeks,” repliod the o’d woman, " and that at five shillin' a week do make a pound. '1 “And how mnah can yon earn when you are in full work ?” ‘ Oh, sometimes I make asmuch as twelve shillin’, but it do seldom get to liiore’n ten.’ “Then how will you ’manage to pay your back rent • • " Oh, IH have to do it by littlcs, I will. My landlord hev biu patient with me, 'cause I’ve bin 'ere ao long and paid so reg’iar. I can do all light iu the summer. It's the winter 1 dtead bo.” “ And how old are you ?" “Iwer sixty-nine last Christmas. You see, I’m not so spry as I was, and my joints ache a goodish bit; but I’m goin’ to tty and keep out of the big house as long as I can." “ A most respectable old woman, ’ I said to Stephen when we left the honse a few minutes lat«r. “ Sober and industrious.” ‘ • Are there many like her ?’’ he asked. “ Oh, yes, many. Battersea is crowded with laundry people.’’ And are they all as badly off as she ?’’ “ Most old people are Worse. You Bee, shb’e sober and saving,” . “ Savipg ?.’ he _exqlaimed. “ God. have mercy upon them ! It seems to me that thoBe who drink and drown their care arc best off.” Little more"*was said about the question just then, and, soon after, we reached the honse of MrB Augustus Price. This lady’s house was exceeding:popular, and that for many reasons. F,r*t of all, Mrs Augustus Price was very popular. Mr Augustus Pries, who had been; when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader in fashionable society ; but someho * sbe failed. It is true that her money gained her admis sion to many desirable houses ; but she did not climb'to the position she wanted. She therefore removed to Clapham Common, where, although the people were not bo highly connected as those in Kensington, she established herself ss a queen of a certain order. Mrs Price, who was about thirty five years of age, prided herself upon having many unconventional idea’. “ I’m original, or I’m nothing,” ahe often said ; and so she sought to maintain herreputation by making her house a rendezvous - for people holding all shades of opinions. And such is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, Bhrewdnesa, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. ‘ I’m a woman of open mind,” she said, ‘ * What are opinions ? A matter of tempera ment, education, and associations. All sorts of opinions shall be represented at my house.” And, true to her word, all sorts _ of opiaions were represented there. Toe High Church vicar and the Radical Dissenting parson met there ; and, although each hated the other’s ways like poisoD. they pocketed their dislike and accepted Mrs P.ices in vitation, not earing tomnkij an enemy of a lady who gave such delightful dinners, and whose cheques were so acceptable. The Scocia’i-t also sat at her table, providing he vrere sufficiently 'respectable, as well as ^the rigid Conservative. Theosopbists, atheists, agnostics, frooked curates, and believers in all Eorts of New Jerusalems reoeived Mrs re’s invitations. Let them be clever; well educated, well ssed, and—respeotable,” Mrs Price would , “ and the more curious their opinions better. They give -life, interest; they like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Irs Augustus Price’s gatherings, tbeD, •e of a cosmopolitan nature; and, as I acted, when Stephen and 1 arrived, her ise was full of people holding very arse opinions. tephen immediately made a good impres l on our hostess. She sav in an instant t he was olever, and his fine, interesting j, added to what I had said to her con ning him, won her interest immediately, i You’ve been asked in a most nnoon itional way, Mr Edgcumbe,” ehe said ; at-then I’m an unconventional woman— act, 1 hate what’s supposed to he proper, yon’ll find- people here holding all sorts riews, bat mostly they'are people of — ins. In’fact,-"whatever else. I can dis ag with, I cannot dispense with—brains, ney I care little abont, social position isn’t tronble me, but brains—I adore ! So try and make my gatherings feasts of boo. There’ll be little or no danoing. and ,t kind of thing ; but conversation on art, moe, literature; and—religion—all sorts it, you know.” felt the speeoh to be loud, and not in t of taste; bat Mrs Prica was a fine king woman, and she smiled very sweetly Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her irtainly there was no restraint at Mrs b’s house. The people were chatting freely, and the ponvo-aation was not ot lure whidh one too often finds in polite erings. Society small talk was at a >unt. As onr hostess had said, the le had brains, and thus music, pictures, ies, and books were discussed with a l deal of cleverness. ... (van glad, too. to see fhat my friend was eoiated in the olrole. For my own part ,s never a gifted talker, and I wondered Mr Price cared to have me; but I Boon that Stephen wonld beoome a favourite, re long I noticed him in earnest con ation with a young lady, whom I cannot ribe better than by saying she was v-colonred. Her hair was straw ired, including her eyelashes and eye :s her skin was straw-coloured, and the mini’s of her dress were straw-coloured fact, that was the ohief characteristic t her appearance. . , . [ never go into ordinary sooiety during " she said, "and of course we are in niddle of Lent now. I wouldntgo to litre or to a dance for the world daring you know, although I adore theatres dances, as a general th,D* t° ■a Mrs Price's evenings are different, 'are bo serious, so intellectual, yen r and we talk on »U subjeetssenouriy. ongto the Anglican Onurch. St Msrj ialene's, yon know.- It’s delightful!) , of course. I hate ow churches. And yon don’t call this going intc dearer. Of o curse, I wouldn ’ i/itrron* Frid*y i feat even owr curots, the Rev, Mr Crow, is here to-night, and 1 believe our vicar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, 'aafe>”,*n*' Presen^y> 80 y°tt Bee I’m quite * enfilo' ^6E* 8*^e»” said Stephen with ‘isn t it delightful to see guoh trust and twt? 0ur sPlr*t“al pastors and masters Mr Eigcumbe ? * said some one close to him. Stephen turned and saw a man about fifty, with blear eyes and an iron and grey moustache, who had been introduced to him as Mr Hunter. “Delightful, indeed,” responded Stephen, ‘ Not that I am guilty of such trust and faith myself,” laughed the man, with a leer; “ but I appreciate it in those nho do, especially in Miss Coolie and'he bowed to the straw-coloured young lady. “I’m a sad rake myself,’ he went on; “but perhaps I’ll ba converted at the eleventh hour—ha, ha Before he could reply, aloud voioe arrested his attention, and it was the voice of a woman. ‘' The great thing needed," Bhe said, “is that our social laws be reformed. For mj own part I m a Socialist, and I’m proud of being one. Surely it cannot be right that three millions of people should be left un certain of the absolute necessities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned.” " Oh,” Baid Mr Hunter, “ our fair friand, Miss Dart, is at it again.1’ “ 1 have just been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the -condition of things is terrible, terrible in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dozen people living in one small room. This mnst be remedied.'’ “ What would yon BUggest ?" asked Borne one. “ Would it not be well if you Set an example by spending a few thousands on model ^ oattages ? Yon might immortalize yourse.f at the same time.” ‘ No, indeed,’ Said Mibs Dart. ‘What is wanted, and what lies at the root of tha evil, is the fact that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, I am, after all, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be destroyed. Land lords who have a clearjright to the land to be compensated, of course.” "Miss Dart is a stockbroker's daughter,” said ihe Rev. Mr Coss to Stephen ; “ she ia a Socialist and a Dissenter. Her father made money by being sharper on ths Ex change than other people, and by taking advantage of other men’s weakness and ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion, “Of course you are a Socialist, Mr Elg cumbo ? ’ she said questioningly, after soup had been served, “I hardly know,” replied Stephen. “You see, Socialism is a subject with serious issues, flow do you define it ?" “Oh, the land being nationalized; rail roads, coal-mines, gas-works, and all thoie tnings mads the property of the people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of ths Commons paid. I should insist on payment of members, or how can we have proper repiesentation, Mr Eigcumbe? Everybody happy, and just a lovely time to "Ic is a beautiful picture, no doubt,” said Stephen, “only there ia the fact of human nature that comes in.” “ Oj, I trust the people. I'm a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on tha working man, Mr Edgoumbe—perfectly dote on him. We had one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh, yes, I love the woraiog mau ; doa’t you, Mr EJgaumbe? ” “ I’m afraid I’m behind the times, Mies Dart; but I’m glad to see you so enthusiastic; ” and be gave her a look \- which was not lacking in admiration. She was certainly rather handsome. She was not tall, but well formed,- and iiaely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinating. She was handsomely dressed too, and on her fiogeis flashed costly rings, while on her neck hung a diamond necklace. “I am glad I have met one so full of sympathy towards the pour. It so happens I am interested in a poor old woman j ast at present. No donbt you will be able to go and see her ; ” and he related ths incident which I have described in the early part of this chapter. " No, Mr E Jgoumbe, no,” she said; “ that is not my way of working. For my own part 1 don’t think much of individual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are mere palliatives ; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we destroy the present system of things,” “ And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ? ” “ Well, you see, we must work in our own way, muen’twe, Mr Edgoumbe? Of course you are iu favour of the abolition of capital punishment ? ” Stephen shrugged his shoulders ; he was getting a little weary of Miss Dart. Before he could reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation which waB being carried on at another part of the table. 