The Hired Hand. — — ♦- ? A DETECTIVE STORY. [By Fbanoib Paiikkii.] I had accepted an invitation from Diok Eaton to pass Christmas at his place in -Linoolnshiie, and had already spent some days with him, when, on tbo evening of the flih, he, I and a couple of gamekeepers found ourselves, just as the sun wos setting I twelve long miles from home. Hnlnn »Ah wi d-fow had been plentiful, and we had for Wtite «'»08«ther about the time. On oor right the broad waters ot a tidal wave rivor -glimmerfld red where not obaenred by tho rising misists whioh were already creeping aoross the flat green meadows, whilst before us the ground rose into a long low mound that ran out like a capo into tho white marsh *°gi eastward, I 1 Toll you what, Frank,' exclaimed my ohom, ' it will be no joke finding onr way baok through a long line of gates, and its nil twelve miles by the road, Randock shall go back and fetoh tho dosr.oart, whilst wo ttko a snack at the Woolpaok, an old wayside inn just over the hill yonder.' This motion was carried. Randock trans ferred his birds to -Joe, »h« second keepor, and started for home, whilst- we, orwainjjr the bills, found ourselves on a broad flat road bordered by ditohen, and about a third of a mile from a low building surrounded by out houses, whiob Dick pointed out as the Wool pack. 1 Have not been here for more than a year,' bn remarked ; ' hut I noticed in tbo papor some weeks ago that Sangat — the man who keops the inn — lost his wife She was aupposed to have fallen either into the rivor or one of the dykes. Lots loit that way about here.' ? We ware agreeably BurprisoJ to see the windows of the inn lit up, and when we entured to find a table drawn up near the kitchen hearth at whiob was seated a thia man, in a black — somewhat greasy — frock coat, and old grey trousers. For some rea son or other I pat him down as a Frenchman whilst Dick was of opinion that he was a aoli oitor's clerk. Wo settled it by asking the ..»„., _ iiiuii, nijuuro-Buuuiuerau man, wnc bad not given himself the trouble to suave for the last fortnight or three weeks. 'He's a farraner,' growled the ? landlord ; 1 says there was an old Roman town here, once, and goes trampesaing all about looking for it. He's been here this two 'days, and yesterday hired a chance hand to'dig for him. Shall be glad when un's shut on him.' We seou had some of the baok birds roast logaud asked our blaok-ooated Iriend to join us. H« expressed himself delighted, and jabbered away in broken English, asking ^uoawuiiB auouc me neigtiDorbood, aud where we lived, in turn giviog us hia opinion upon Roman antiquities, till dinner was over, and we lit our pipes. All this time the ' hired hand,' as the host oalled him, had been sitting in the ohimney corner, hardly visible for the shadow. The old foreign gentleman had started the subjnet of ghosts, and Diok and I were laughing at him, when thia fellow rose from his corner and said, speaking in a deep, mellow voice : ' Guess you are both right and both wrong. I ve seen what you misters would call a ghost, and yet a doctor ohap at Honolulu ox plained how it was ouly oxbalaiions that rose from bodies hastily buried I seed him do it himanlf ivtrli a k.*» £»._.%.. mi.- ? * ? i I _.«Uw.» tt.um h wig uuwor( xittj spectrum ne oalled it. Yes, it were spootram, I reinembor now.' ' Well, tell as about it,' said Dick. But have a drink first, and you, landlord, mix yourself a drop.' ' I was mate on board one of the island iohoonera,' began the hired man, 'and we tailed from 'Frisoo— it was on a Friday, I nind well. We bad dirty weather from the irst, and, a storm springing up, we wero mown tar to me north of our course. Then it fell calm, and the schooner drifted about with her bead all round the compass. Tho I old man waa getting mighty anxious, for food was beginning to ran short. We were four four hundred or more miles to the north of Honolulu, and he and I were itm talking about taking to the boaf, which was a whaler, and a good one at that, when a puff of wind oarue from the north, just enough to fill our eails and give us way through tho I water. This cheered us up, but it died away during the 'night, till wo were not making two knotB. When the sun rose, however, which ho does in a mighty hurry in those parts, one of the deck hands sung ont ' Ship-oe J' and pointed. Sare enough, there was a brig becalmed about a mile and a half to windward. »y toe timo i bad oalled the captain we were beoalmod too, so, an we were bound to nave provisions, it was determined that I should go in the boat with twoof the hands and see what I could do. When we had eot nalfway I took a look at the brig, and saw ihat her spara were trimmed anyhow, and that her running rigging was hanging in Uollo, Tom,' I said to the man pulling stroke— he was the only white man on board besides the. old man and myself — « There is something wrong on board that brig.' Ibirst, I oaloulate,' said Tom, snnintinir over bis shoulder. ' Well, on this, Tom and the Kanakas put their bao to inJo it, and we were soon close to her, when oraok ! goes a revolver and oraolr, oraok, and a voice cried something I oonld not catch. « Mutiny,' thinks I as Tom and I scramble up the side, for there were half-a doaen ropes trailing over, and I could hear a man gasping and cursing like mad, jnst as if someone bad got him by the throat. At irst I thought there was no one on deck, but looking where the voice oame from I saw. a white man with hta h*nir ?-»??. .u. „_.? ? A ' L°°k ': look I ' he gasped, as Tom an.l ] raaohed his side. ' There she is, curse her. There she is. Drive her away, oan't you ? ' and then oame a volley of oaths. He was pointing with bis left hand, the revolver being in his right. At first I could make ont nothing. In half a minute, perhaps, however, I made out a kind ot dim mist, just as if a bit of sea snist bad drifted there and struok. 'There, d—n yon* oriod the madman, for mad from terror he was, firing at the very ipot I had beer, looking at. 'It was to save ny own life. Why did you spill the water?' ? SWOr° ,*.ould 8ho°tyou if you did not hand it over. There, the bullet goes through her is it she were a oloud. Cursod spirit, leave ne. And he threw himself raving on the ? I had kept my eye opon the film of mist, and now it seemed to take shape, the shone of a rooiimbent body, floatinR in the air about a foot above the deck. It may have been a minuto I stood there horror-struck, it uiicrht have been five. Suddenly I felt Tom's hand upon my shouldor. 'He's gone,' he said, | 'dead as a herring I ' . 'I glanced. at tho skipper of tho brijr, for such I guessed him to ba. He was lying flat ou his baok, evidently stone dead, but there was such a look of horror on bin faoe that I turned away at onoe. ' Stand here a ininuto lorn, I said, ' I'm going below.' ; ' Food I know we must have. Ifouud some biscuits and tinned meats, but there, was not a drop of water on board. Something, I oirn't explain what feoling, drow mo into the oabin, whiob ley abaft the mainmast. Go I felt I must, and I went, calling to Tom to put the food into tlie boat. , -I ? Two dead Kanakas lay jast'outside tueji I door, one on his faoe, the other had a bullet hile in hia forehead. A tarpaulin had bean dragged over the bodies, so I could ouly see their heads. I opened the door with an effort. On a small sofa lay a woman. She was desd like the rest, and dreadfully shrunk. Blond had flowed from a wound in the temple. '? On the floor by hnr side lay a broken tumbler. It must have been the one which held the last drop of water. In less than a minuto from opening the oabin door I was on dock again. There still floated tho filmy mist exactly above the spot where the murdered woman lay dead in the oabin. I think I can see it now ! Wby— why it is there ! jnst by San gat's feet — Lord, what is ibis I A dead body buried in the cellar below 1 ' Eaton and I had sprung to our feet, but the laudlord was on his knees babbling in coherently. He bad thrown himself baok to the ond of the room and waa pointing with his finger. The ' hired hand ' strode to his side, and grasped his shouldor. 1 Who lies buried in the oellar beneath ? ' oried the ex-mate of the sohooner. ? 'Speak, or I will force you into her wraith 1 ' 'My wife I Heaven forgive me I ' and! the frightened wretch sank insonsible to the floor. 1 That'll do, Jim,' said tho foreigner in the black coat, - It's worked out splendid, and I must Bay yeu did your part first class. Mr. Eaton, and you, sir, turning to me, ? will I bear witness to bis worda if they are neces sary, to identify the desd woman us the wretoh's wife. I am from Scotland Yard, and we must have Jim Balby there too, for it was his plan. W« ha 'searched everywhere I exoept the cellar, and tho landlord kept buoIi an eye on us that we naver got a chance to turn up the bricks. Lot us see about it at I onoo, Jim, but first I will handcuff my gentleman.' I 1 What about the story?' I asked, turning to the local constable. ' Is it true?' I ' Yes, sir, every word of it. The only I uredit to me is thinking that it might tell on Bangat's nerves and evil oonscienoe, and make I aim own op.' ' I And it did. Ten minutes later Dick's dog jart drove up. As we jumped in, Jim ap peared coming out of the cellar. 'It's all right, air,' he said, ' Sangat's booked ! ' That was tho last I ever saw of the ' hired land.' . - . ( 