North-east and South -:o: NOTES ON LOCAL AND GENERAL AFFAIRS. (By Wissow) THE Governor, in his speech prorogu ing Parliament, was made to say to the members of both Houses, " I desire I to thank you for the devotion you have I displayed throughout your delibera tions." "Devotion" is a word rather out of place, I think. I see no devo- 1 tion in the ravings of McLellan, of Ararat, or the bawling of that pinch- t beck tribune of the people, Maloney. I do not see it either conspicuously I sticking out in the rejection by thel Council of several important measures at the last moment, more particularly the I abolition of the Primage Duties Bill. f This Bill affected not a class but the people generally, besides doing away with a tax which was admitted by everyone, except the aspiring but tiresome Harper, to be prejudicial to the colony in every way. So the Council rejected it, after Service had s gone home. They thought they had i male a mistake next day. And these I are thy legislators, Victoria I A further result of this legislative t devotion is that the country is face to face with the reduction of the municipal s subsidy and the incometax. The fates t seem to have fright for the Premier t and his Government. The land tax emasculated as it was by exemptions- t was rejected by the Council, and this action supplied only too good an excuse for the subsidy reduction to be insisted on. Sargood resigned, and the heavens I did not fall. The Council killed the Land Tax Bill absolutely, in fact knocked it down and jumped on it; and required a fortnight's adjournment to deliberate, if you remember, what it should do. The Premier and his Government have now got time to show what they can do, unembarrassed by talk, office seeking, and intrigue. It remains to be seen what the results will be. For my part, I esteem the Premier for not hanging on to office like J. B. Patterson, and I know that he is a hard worker, and this is the kind of man we want. Here is a little rhyme for the times " You wouldn't have a little land tax," (Said George Turner to the fly); " With exemptions, all the sting of it WVas taken very nigh. So now you've got the income tax, And big shire rates as well, Which will show you all such pretty things I hardly care to tell." You have done it, You have done it, You have walked in pretty fly I It speaks well for the impartance of Victoria that Lord Brassey has ac cepted the position of Governor. I regard :ord Brassey as being the man best acquainted with the Empire, its needs, and its capabilities, after Lord Dufferin. A resident close to Broad ford worked for the great Brassey firm in the old country years ago. He speaks well of them. " They are men," he says, "specially young Mr. Tom, as we used to call him." The amalgamation ghost is walking again at Kilmore, when everyone thought the unquiet spirit was laid. Reference was made in last Saturday's "Advertiser" by a correspondent, as a contrast to Broadford, to the "more experianced anti economical council lore" of Kilmnore, and surprise was expressed in a leading article that "level.headed" men like the Broad ford councillors cannot see the wisdom of amalgamation. This is just the point. The Broadford councillors are so level-headed that they see (to put the whole thing in a nutshell, once and for all, that amalgamation is not wise because (1) The saving so much talked about is small when compared with the disadvantages and incon venience caused, (2) No solvent per son desires to go into partnership with one loaded with debt. (3) The place which has its cake does not care about joining a place which has eaten its own. (4) The amalgamation would inevitably result in a less amount of money being obtained from the Government, and (5) The management of its affairs by the Kilmore Council is not of such a brilliant character as to cause any public body to wish for its " wisdom " to be exercised within a more extended range. I will take a parallel case. China would no doubt like Japan to amalgamate with her, but Japan does not see the force of it, and does not believe in the poor Emperor, his great wall, his Li Hung Chang, and his two leading warriors, Prince Go Buug, and General Incompetency. I shall support thie view put forward in last issue by "A well.,visher of tIhe Town," that baths sthould be established in Broadford. A safe site must be chosen, so that floods will do no damage either to the baths or bathers. It would not be desirable for the structure to be washed down full speed towards Tallarook. It would also be a shame if any of oar leading men and shire councillors were to be washed down, and hung on the limb of a tree to dry, like crops were, as a consequence of thle heavy rain of Ist January, 1894. The average human being does not care about being elevated into the lower branches of a tree like a 'possumin this fashion. He does not feel inclined to sing, "'Mian the Life Boat," or "I'm Afloat," upon the event happening. But the strongest reason for baths is supplied by the following, which truly happened to a popular resident a couple of weeks ago. Against the express provisions of the Game Act or the Dog Act, or the Preserved Cod and Black Fish Act--I knsow not which-he did, one evening, with malice and aforethoughlt, wilfully and cunningly deviseand carefully lay down, three implements of fish destruction, to wit, nightlines, in a secluded spot in the Sunday Creek. The Ibooks were big for he wanted to catch a 51b fish in order to be able to say truthfully that it weighed. 10bs 9ozs and 4A draws on the scale. With acquisitiveless in his eye, and his sol full of exeetation he went down to the secluded spot the next evening to haul up the lines. But a troupe of merry lady bathers he found in the very spot where his engines of destruction were. Thoughts of a tragedy, only to be equalled in the annals of Victoria by a hostile fleet being blown up by our submarine torpedoes at the Heads (if they will go off), flashed through his brain. He did not know what to do. At length he made a speaking trumpet of his hands and shouted, ' There are nlight-lines there," and fled. I know not what was the result of this alarming intelligence, but I do think that this incident shows the necessity for baths in Broadford. The fishermanhas not got back his night-lines. They have been confiscated by the Melbourne Women's Rights Social Bathing Association, under The Broom handle Act, sec. 2. The painfully comic writers in the weekly papers have been trying to say something striking about the zone time business, but without success, as for the new time I revel in it. It is delightful to get up and think you are up 20 minutes earlier than you were on 31st January. You seem to have got a start of the day, gone "nap" with the sun and won it. But let no man try to explain to his wife at 1 a.m. (for an exercise) how it come to be only the same as 12.40 last month, and go into figures. (N.B.-It is dangerous and figures won't prove everything at that hour as they are said to do other times). The excitement of the change has apparently been too much for the Postmaster-General. He has gone to New Zealand. Two residents of Broadford and district are to be elevated to the Com. mission of the Peace in the list of New Justices-the first one of the Turner Government-which will shortly be published. Knighthoods are to be conferred on two Victoriaon,viz., Hons. W. A. Zeal and N. Fitzgerald M's.L.C., if they will accept it after McIntyre getting it. It was as reason able to give this Villiage Settlement hero a title as it would he to bestow one on the far-famed McGinty. Our McIntyre went down to New Zealand in his new suit of clothes to study Village Settlement, and he has only succeeded in "settling" the villagers. Why G. D. Carter should not get a ribbon for his Budget I cannot under stand. It was a good thing that Budget. It turned Patterson out and put the Tamer Government in. As .to the Titular Saints of the order of K.C M.G., we know who St. Michael is, but as to St. George little is known except that he was an army contractor, as legends have it, and sold bad beef to the Spanish Army. 