The Affair at the Nest. bt ubs. BKEEN COEWIN i'lnnon, .1 «' Never mind, Frank, wo can wait." " Yoa'ro on angel, Violet," and the young man caressed softly the littlo hand that flut tered in his, " and Aunt Hannah is—" Not 1" laughed Violot Granger, finishing the oentonca for him. ' " Well, I hate her. What difference will it make to her twenty years henco, whom I marry-now. I'm not suro rnaeed that shea good 'for ton years longer, ond if—" " Frank Eooleaorii" " Oh, yes, I know. People may spare no pains to make you kBto thorn. Well, then, I lovo the aunt who hrw crossed ma all my life, do 1 1 You know it's not no, Violot. You knowif I went homo now, and found her in her shroud, it wouldn't oust me any groat heart- eohe." - ' "It should, sineo you profit by her money. Oh, Frank I Prank 1 I didn't think yon would sneak so of the poor old women who has been a mother to you, with all hor harsh- dgss,,' said Violet, with sad swostnees. " I deny it. Was it motherly to foroo ma all my lifo to do tho very .things i bated most? Havel ever had a single taste or in clination eho did not thwart if it were pos sible ? No, no, Violet, you end Aunt Hannah era two persons. I love one and hate the other, and that istheond of it. Iehould like to bo able to have my own way though, ones before she dies. It'll be dreary waiting till ;sha slips this mortal ooil, ah, Violet ?' The young man opoko bitterly, and looked Bt Violet (listened to . him with unhappy, dcnpljloving ojcb. " Something will happen, surely. Boine- thiDg may huppon, dear," she said, tonderly. " And if wo lovo oaoh other eo truly, what are a fow years moro or loss to hearts eo young as ours f" . . . "A fow years I Tours too muoh of an angol to osloulata upon anything but that termagant eoftoning toword ua. Sno won t, though. That flin ty heart won't give in un til death's Angora crumble it to ashes. You end I'll bo gray before that time." " We oan houo, at least, dear ; oven Aunt Hannah oBnnot tako our hope from us. Shall I sing for you now?" Sho took his silence for a3ecnt, and going to the modest little instrument wluoh stood 8oros3 tho room, saug softly oris fccuaer, soothing strain after another, while hor lover, lingering in tho low window coat, pniloa the roses that grow near and their tore leaves with a hall vicioue hand, too savagely irritated at thof ata that hindrod his desires, to heed the loving tonce with whioh Violet sought to draw him from his thoughts. Contemplating the misohief her lover haa ' done her roses next morning, Violet's leyou wero half sad, half smiling j but sho broko into a oarol, like bird notes, as oho tied anew tho Yinee hie too encrgotio hand had loosed from thoir supports. A paesor-by milled her. ' " Have you hoard; no, K see yon have not, what happened at the Nc3t last night ?" Violet turned swiftly, with a obnngmg countenance. Frank lived at the Host with his aunt, ... "Poor old Kias Eoolsson wafl murdered in bod lost night." , Violet caught at tlio widow-frame for sup port, hor very lips tnrnieg white, and her heart bzatiug slower and slowor. " It csn't he 1" elm gasped. _ «'I wish it oonldn't, but it in. I just met the dootor coining away, 'i'bny sent for him, of courso, bnt sho must hatobeen dead hoots be- fore bo got thoro. There's crowds of peopla gone over from town. But you live so remota from the Nost, it's no wonder you did nor hear of it till now." Violot shuddered, and wished the man would only go on, ae'he did presently, ae he wao anxious to resell the scene of the tragedy. _ . . , , ' Murder 1 And Frank had almost wishod hot doad tho sight boforo 1 Poor Frank, what a horrible lesson it must be to himl . ' Later in tho day oame a note from Frisnk, a hurried serawl, almost unread able and written with a hand that visibly trembled. . . ' Don't como noar, darling, it said. " The horror is almost moro than I can boar now. I wouldn't havo you sso and bear what I have to nee and bear for all her monoy. I wish to Iloavon it oould go into the grave with her. I'v/ill ooflie and oee you as soon as I oan got enough oolor in my face to aoroto." .... Ho oame for a few moments that evening, but for all trio life in his look he might have been a3 dead as Aunt Hannah. His face was ghastly, hie eager blue oyeo had a soared ox. prasaiou. that mado Violot try, bus in vain, to oheok him, an lie lingered with a sort of hor rible faeoinntion, over the details of the murder. \ ...... Aunt Aannali had been strangled with her own pocket- handkerchio'f, as she cat late at her knitting. Tha servant hsd found hor, purple and stiff in her oliair, when they went to oall her to breakfast at half-past six in tho mora- ibg. " I don't think eho had been dead long. I didn't think eo, and I ecut for tho dootor as fast as a horse could ride. I couldn't do more, oould I Violef? Bbe alv/nya gets upeaily. She must havo got up.early and taken he knitting, you know, nnd the wrotob that killed her would have been ao iiko to do it early in tho morning as late at night, wouldn't he now, Violet drar?" "Had her bed been slept in," questioned Violet, controlling her repugnance to the sub ject for lisr lover's ethe. "No ono could tcll. Sao always made her own bed though, and she might have made it the first thing that morning. Ob f I am quits aura it was early in the morning. Bha sat with her back to the window, you sac, rind her handkerchief must have fallou to the floor where the fellow oould acoure it without being eeen. Then it wts easy enough to ac complish tho rest boforo ehe conld cry out. . She couldn't havo had time to call oat, do i you think oho could?" ' "I don't think ohythlugaboui it. Andyou ; had'better step thinking about it," exolaimcil : Yiclot, with on uriiiomfortablo iiUiver. "Why i will jou talk ot it Frank?" „ , i " I won't if yon don't wish me to," i said, gloomily, 'pushing bis chair back into the shadow, and covering his faoo with bis I bands. ... ' Violot regarded him wonaoringly, j poor frillow,'he ie eo sensitive," she said I to herself, and moving her oriair nearer to , his, drew hie cold hands into her warm and loving elasp. . j Ha returned her tendor gaze with a look ! oaiufully sad end questionine. ' " Would it' bo posnible, Violot," ho said at last, " would it b3 possible for you to be lieve that I had any hand in last night's do- jogs?" Tho faco of tho sweet girl blanched like snow. Her oyta darkened and dilated like one Rmitten with sodden1 torror. Thon ehe dropped her lips to hie bauds with swift, paB- . -ionotaJsisswi. \ " No, no, Frank : no, never." "My darling," he murmurod,. draw- ! "ng her to him, and kissing her again and i 88be remembered thoso kisses long otter; Oould any bat innocent lips havn kissed her to. There was no oluo to the murderer; noth- ' ing bad been stolen, arid though Frank Eo- eltson wan the only one who oould have pro- ' 'tlted by bcr death, no oho thought of .acaua- , eieg hirin and cot a shadow of suipieioa at tached to liirii. . There was no one to' oontest the heirship I witlvhim, and the Nost, vrith his wide, riou , laridb; arid other bslongibgs foil to him with- i oubdelny or question- . Rut Frank Eeolnson was uriaonscious o! nib He camo home frofa bis aunt's funeral, I « wet, saggy evening .'ii tros, rind threw him- toil into ah casy-chsir, cal?jg tho servants 6\ 1' .vile wood in the wido fireplace till it glowed | ,.i!to a furnace, but tha bbizo failed to warm I him Ho sat there trying to warm kin chilled A .fingers, and muttering to himself , till the fever . uiiiah had igrarked. hinj:f o? jts. Q.yjq, 0 wpojjed opon him like a vnltufej and dug its beak into heart and brain. They carried him to his ohamber by main foroe, ho struggling and raving with delirium, mid Violot camo to help thu housekeeper, Mrs. Grim, to nurse liim. Far wooks Frank Eeelcson hung upon the very borders of eternity, and knew no one, ana talked ao people with brain fevor will, wild, etrango talk, that drovo Violet's young blood curdling round bor heart, and Bet in her white fees a shadow that was not cast by the death she bad battled eo deeper- atoly from her lovor's bodsido, bat was even more cruel. Mrs. Grim had been more than housekeepei to Miss Eooleson. She had been hor bosom friend, the one soul of all tho world, perhaps, that had truly loved tbo miserly old woman, and though Hannah Eeolesou hud not so muob as mentioned her in her will, the housekeepei hold to her loyally. Violet mBde one wild attempt to banish Mrs. Grim from tho eound of Frank's mad talk, but Mrs. Grim would not go. Sometimes tho eyes of tho two women met, above that terrible oouoh.and the look of one was siok with horror, and piteons with ap pealing. Tho other's woe hard, was pitiloss as her dead mistress' would have been undei similar circumstances, At last there came a timo when the fever loosened its hold, and left the Biok man like some wan ghost of himself, Btrandod upon those shores from whioh he bad so nearly drifted. Ho was too weak, too strange to the nee ol hia Gonees to read at onae the new look that bad so darkened Violet's sweet eyes. With ail her strength aha tried to keep it cut of them when ehe looked at him, but hers woe a frank heart, used for mirroring all its thoughts is those innoosnt depths, Frank bad read them too many times in the old happy days to make any mistake now. Ho was a coward, and would fain have persuaded himself that his eyes told him wrong, but he oould not, Beeidos, thoro was Mrs. Grim, whose face spoke the same story though in a differ ent toSAUS. Tbo siok man shrank away among his pillows, and shut hie eyes whenever by any ahunoo Mrs. Grim or Violet looked as him, " Thus aoneoionce does make cowards of ua all." Mrs. Grim eat alono in tho kitoben at the Nest. She sat with hor feet on the hearth of tha stove, those hard, unrelenting eyes gazing into the embers. A soft stop sounded beside her. It was Vio lot. Her faco was pale, her eyes had dark oireles around them. "Well?" she said gently, as Mrs, Grim looked up. " I shall do it to-morrow," Mrs, Grim said, and shut her eyes tightly over the sen tence. " You will give him no chanoo for hie lifo, you who loved her ?' Mrs. Grim'e lips did cot relax. She only shook her head. "AC least wait a week longer, " When bo will be strong enough to flee, perhr-ps, the doom ho merits? No 1" "You will not?" and Violet knelt by the hard woman Wdo, end lilted her poor quiver ing hands in wild appealing. Bet Mrs, Grim only glanoed at her, and looked bock into the fire. Then Violet rose to her feet again, and went book to tho siak-room. "Frank," said she, going olose to him, " you must look at me ; yon must listen to me. You are weak, I know, bnt if yonr life depended npon it, you oould get up and dreso yourself, and go away from hare, S am Bure you oould— I am suro you will try." Frank Ecoleson opened his wide blue eyes, and lookod at her. Ho seemed in that, in stant to shake off the strange cowardice that had go unmanned him. " What do you moan ?" he asked. " Toll me. If I am to muster btrongth for, what you uay, I must have a strong 'incentive. But I will not try. I will stay, whatever it ie, end meet it. I have shrunk too long." Violet shivered a little. " You were delirjons, Frank, and you told all there was to toll, and Mrs. Grim heard it. Sho is going to ieform against von to- mrnsew." Frank lifted himself on his elbow and looked Violet in the face. A light seemed to dawn upon him. " Will you ask Mrs, Grim to come here? — not that I may plead with her, bet that I may toll her the truth." Mro. Grim'a stony lips set tbemeolves like flints, but sho rose and went to the sick-room when she got the message. " I have been a rpisernblo coward," Frank said, as the two women draw near, but I have not been the guilty creature you imagine. You aro a hard woman, Mrs. Grim, but you aro a just one, and yon will bcliove mo when you have heard my story. " I oamo home from your honsa thai night, Violet, with a bitter usd wicked heart. I don't know but SB heart I wab wicked ai tho villain who murdered her, " It was late, but there was a light in my aunt's room. As I oamo along the pasenge Bhe called out to tnd sharply tnrioe, and lier voico sounded strange. There seemed, too, to be somo sort of Btrnngo movement in tbs room, but it waa sllght, and I, feeling hard and bitter toward her, would not answer her, and Instead of going to her, I turned back and went to my room another way. " Rut I nover dreamed what awful thing was doing. I thought she had one of those nouralgio attacks to whioh ehe wtiB subject, and 1 said to myself that Bhe might figtii is out, as I was doing. " I don't know yet that it was not so, I don't know yet that she oame to her death then, or that ehe was struggling with tho villain whon 'shd oallod me ; but the fear that it wae so has nearly ooet mo my sensco, and the fear that if 1 told tbo truth, it would dircot ouspieion to mo as the pro bable perpetrator of the deed, held me in a cowardly silenoo. Do you believe me, Mrs. Grim I" " I do not believe you, Frank Eooleson," said Mrs. Grim, and went back to the hitoben. Long beforo Frank bad finished- bis reoital, Violet had erept eloso to her lovo: and prayed him to forgive her. lie had stoopedto kiss the little hands that1 fluttered to his grasp, and to say, " My poor dccliug I" 'Hov/ oould IS" Violet sobbed. "I deserve that you should never forgive me, but you aocuued yourself so frightfully in your delirium." " I aoeuso myself still, I would givo all my aunt's money to know certainly that she was not struggling with her murderer when she called mo and I did not reply." Mrs. Grim kept to hor intention, and lodged her information, as she oalled it, in the proper quarter tho next day. 6he met a somewhat discouraging re ception; however. But, as Frank-said, though a hard woman, sho wp.e just, end she went bsok to him ond Violet with sincere rejoicing. The real murderer had been found, and had oonlcsEed to the deed. ' Ho proved to be one of the laborers rim- ployed by Miss Hannah Ecoleson. There bad been Bome moDey difference between them, in whioh she had been very hard. . The man wae of a stolid, alow, revengefnl nature, and ho waited his time, arid strangled her with her own handkorahiof ae eho rib knitting at half-past four on the morning thoy found, hor stark and dead in hex chair. . So Frank had hot that on hia oon- eclenoo. ' Oanis and Feybr. — Tha following roolpo lino orircd huridrode of eases ot chille and fever without failing in a single instance. Hern ia.tbe proscription: Put the yolk oi one fresh-laid egg into four ta flvo (According to ago of patient) Bpoonfnla of cider or wine vinbgar ; beat r/ell together end tako a dosa like thio three times a day for three coneeou- tivo days, half an hour beforo oacli mealtime, and do not stop ehokt ot the nine doses, even Kthb.tthilki buvo Ceased, 