[?] A stout and ancient wattle stands ^ ' ^ O v 3r on Kipparee, That rev'rence and respect commands Of bushmen, and of station hands, For things that hapt upon the sands Under that wattle tree. A famished tramp had lost his way, Weary and wan was he, As laugbed aloud the mocking jay. Upon the hard, cold earth he lay, And dreimed of a bygone, better day Under the wattle tree. Again be played by his father's door, Laughing aloud with glee, His mother's hand caressed once more The head she wet with tears before He left to suffer and deplore Under the wattle tree. He sees again his Nellie's face — Gentle and fair was she ! The lapse of years had failed t' efface The memory of that loved one's place. He smiles ; she's clasped in his embrace Under the wattle tree. A drover thro' tha-midnigbi dire Galloped across the lea ; The sleeper stirred in his scant attire As tho' he knew 'twas Nellie's sire Who stayed for warmth at his flickering fire Under the wattle tree. Since he began bis wild career Others had crossed the sea. Now Nellie dwelt on a hillock clear, Whence he her welcome call might hear If she but knew be slumbered near, Under the wattle tree. There she had seen a ragged score Making their evening tea ; . Soiled miners seeking golden ore, Old shepherds, stockmen— tramps galore Had camped and slumbered oft before Under the wattle tree. They told strange tales of ancient men, Many a pang did dree ; Of cattle stations, mount, and glen, Of haunted huts, a ' hatter's den,' Dread bunyips and a ' Devil's Ten.' Under the wattle tree. And settlers tell throughout ^? ^ the land . ''£? ''* Legends that may not he — -^t - ^ How one was killed by a S$kx .** black man's hand, . ,^f ^ Whose ghost at midnight / '' ^ . ' - walks the sand, '* ?'* '%JL To vanish with his gruesome ? JfeT^tJ wand ' 3$H Under the wattle tree. Went lovers through these emerald bowers, Strolling so happily, \- In other and wilder times than ours, Where Nellie 'spies the opening flowers, Remembering sweet and happy hours Under the wattle tree. 'Tis even again— the tramp is gone, Nothing is there to Bee, 'But smouldering fire that all night shone, Some logs of wood — a ha?f -charred bone, Where he had slept that night alone Under the wattle tree. Then something gleaming caught her eye, Besting upon her knee, She brushed aside the dead leaves dry ; And, seeing «, relic of days gone by, She uttered a low and startled cry Under the wattle teee. It was a locket old and rare Carried icrosa the sea, That freld a tress and a picture fair— It was a Locket Old and Babe. ' I Come is Seabch of a Trikkkt Beight. *?-.?*' ^p Her own sweet face and nut-brown hair — He'd treasured for years— forgotten there Under the wattle tree The parrots hopped among the trees, Singing 60 glad and free ; The lowing of herds on distant leas Game sad and sweet on the gentle breeze — She heard them all on her bended knees Urder the wattle tree. The dusk approached, no voices spoke, Homeward the birds did flee. Fanned by the wind the fire aw oke, Up towards the Heavens curled the smoke, And only a sob the silence broke Under the wattle tree. The night closed in, the maiden kept Vigil still silently. She'd dried her eyes, no longer wept, But swayed and dozed ; and when she slept, A dusky form' from the thicket crept Under the wattle tree. The log-fire blazed with a crackling sound, Showing like ebony. In the circle of light it cast around The figure standing upon the ground Beside the maiden sleeping sound Under the wattle tree. He lifts on high his deadly spear, Quivering his sinews — see ! 0 God, awake ! Is no one near P A shot is heard — she starts in fear, As groaning falls the savage near, Under the wattle tree. She from the spot affrighted flies, Venting a loud coo-ee ! Her flight is stayed ; a voice replies, ' Fear nothing, maid, and cease thy cries, The spear is grounded, the black man dies Under the wattle tree.' ♦' Why art thou here, thou ragged knight, Shooting on Kipparee ?' 11 An' I'd been far thou'dst died this night.' His finger points to the heathen wight, ' I come in search of a trinket bright Under the wattle tree.' ' In sooth then wouldst I know thy tale Stranger thou seemest to me, Yet may be thou dost know a dale Where bideth one called Nellie Dale. Art thou Will Dare who stand'st so pale Under the wattle tree ?' ' I am indeed by name Will Dare, Nellie is dear to me ; An I could find that trinket rare, I'd show thee a tress of her own brown hair— 1 treasured it long, and lost it there, Under the wattle tree. ' Not for the gems that I did find Yonder on Kipparee Would I appear to her unkind, To let the thought disturb her mind That I had left her gift behind Under the wattle tree.' ' 'Twas Heaven's will that pain and care Longer we should not dree. And so was lost that trinket rare, My image held, and my own brown hair That I might meet my Willie Dare Under the wattle tree.' ' Then this I vow to Him above, Never again from thee Will I as I did in past years rove. And this I'll prize, thro' wood and groove, That brought me back to my true love Under the wattle tree. 1 ' It was a Godly gift, I wis. Nellie, this is thy fee.' . ^v His lips met hers in a fervent -%£-' ? ki88; So dawned the life of eternal bliss, And they feared no more the hlack man's hiss Under the wattle tree Long years have passed, old drovers tell Legends that may uot Le— Weird voices break the midnight spell ; A maid runs screaming ,.* from the dell, w3kM- -* mK And eroaus are heard W^^m^^^ where the blackman Jfff- ^Underthewattle ' M^Z EDWAED S. SOBENSOV. W 