Local and Greneral. BARCLAY & SONS' Eucalypti Extract and B and S Eucalypti Oil are the best, A TEST.-Compare Judges Bros.' Special Blend Tea, at Is per lb., with any in the Colony at la 3d.* KIP VAN WINKLE.-We understand Mr. J. B. Shaw contemplates staging that splendid play of Jeafferson's, Rip Van Winkle shortly, and we have no doubt he will receive such support as his merit deserves. AN APPOINTMENT.-The Rev. Outhbert Blackett, B.A., has been appointed successor to the Rev. J. Shearman, who has now removed to Liverpool, and he will conduct his first services in the parish at St. Thomas', Mulgoa, on Sunday, at 11 a.m., and St. James', Luddenham, at 3 p.m. SOCIAL CLUB.-The formation of the Penrith Social Club is now complete, and the Committee have arranged to hold their first ball at the Temperance Hall on Friday next. Intending members would do well to make early application to the Secretaries. ANOTHER GOOD MAN.-Mr. F. G. Ward, late of High-street, hairdresser and tobacconist, and a worthy resident, has gone from among us, having established himself in one of Sydney's suburbs, where report says he is doing well. Part of Mr. Ward's premises have been taken by Mr. J. B. Shaw, tailor, late of Station-street. REWABD OP MEBIT.-Mr. J. Wilcher has re ceived many enconiams at. our hands for his splendid services at balls and socials-the music at times being perfect. His latest success is that his tender for a party of three (himself, Mr. Heyward, and Mr. Bunt) has been accepted to play at a grand ball to come off at the new Oddfellows' Hall, Sydney, on '14th June. Mr. Wilcher's price was double that of some of the tenderers. FLOUR.-At the beginning of the present year Mr. H. C. Mathews of Acme Boiler Mills, Bathurst remodelled his mill to the Hungarian Fnll Boiler System and the new dust has been gaining fresh friends daily, and iB now to be found in every bake house of importance in the metroplia the suburbs, or along; the Western line. With those who have already tried it, the opinion seems to be that to use the Acme Boiler Flour is to have a'large, light (we do not mean underweight) and snow-white loaf Of course all others mill produce is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Mathews will be pleased to answer all enquiries.* NOXIOUS TRADES ACT.-The Board of Health have issued a circular pointing out that at the begin ning of July the second year of the administration of the Noxious Trades and Cattle Slaughtering Act will begin. The board further state that it will be necessary, on or before _ the date named, for all persons carrying on noxious trades to renew their application to register for the ensuing registration year. In the past year, it is stated, the premises have been placed in a more sanitary condition, and in only a few cases has difficulty been experienced in convincing owners of premises the necessity of carrying out the recommendations of the board. If the improvements proposed by the Health Board are not effected before the end of June the health authorities wish it to be known that there may be j difficulties in the way of renewing licences for premises^ J LATE POLICE COUBT.-On Wednesday, before Mr. A. Judges, J.P" James Henderson was fined 2s 6d, or to be imprisoned till 3 p.m., for being drunk at Springwood. He tuok it out. On Thursday, before the P.M., John William Dark was further remanded for eight days on a charge of bigamy. NEW POST OFFICE REGULATIONS.-On and after to-day (1st June) all money order and Bavings bank business will be conducted at the post offices only between the hours of 10 a.ni. and 4 p.m. on every day but Saturday. On Saturday ordinary business will only be transacted between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., but the office will be open for the receipt of. deposits only between the hoars of 7 and 8 p.m. FOB INDIGESTION, the BEST BEMEDY is un doubtedly NOBTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS. They can confidently be recommended as being mild in operation and absolutely free from injurious drugs; acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they hare proved UNEQUALLED for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Liver and Stomach complaints. Sold in bottles, Is. IJd, 2s 9d, lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, and safe remedy. TEMPERANCE.-The meeting of the " Y " Union was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Wednes day last, at three o'clock. The meeting was opened with a hjmn and a few verses from the bible read by one of the members, and short prayer. The minutes of the previous meeting being read by the Secretary, two ladies gave in their names as members. The next meeting will be held in the Bame place on Wednesday week, com mencing at 3.30 p.m. A number of the members have promised ta bring Essays on Temperance next meeting. There are now 14 members, and the Society is progressing favorably. REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF TELEGRAMS.— Now that we have penny postage in a certain radius from Penrith, would it not be a good plan if Bome agitation was made for the dispatch of six penny telegrams, if not in such a large radius aB the penny poBtage, at any rate to include towns within the Police District. It seems a bit rough having to pay Is for ten words to St. Marys, a distance of four miles, whereas a similar telegram may be sent to any part of New South Wales, or Victoria as well, for the same money. We believe the concession would mean an increase instead of a reduction in the return* if this were tried. Will Mr. Lees kindly try if something can be done in the matter 1 OEMETEBT-HUNTING. - On Wednesday last a party, consisting of the Mayor (Aid. W. O. Fulton), Aid. Reid, Vine, Haynes, and Player, with two or three others, paid a visit of inspection to old Castlereagh township, with a view of selecting a site for a new General Cemetery. It was decided, in view of nothing better being available, to secure a good big slice of the Beserve next the Castle reagh township, and having the old Church of England Cemetery to make a corner. The site, so far as a cemetery is concerned, is in every way suitable but for the distance from town. After a line had been run from the old Cemetery down to the Richmond Road, near Fisher's selection, the company spent some time looking over the old Cemetery, which is really one of the Colony'* old landmarks. Some of the grave stones go back as far as 1811, and they bear names of most of the old pioneers of the District. We purpose paying a visit to this Cematery again shortly, with a view of completing a Bhort history (which trill be published before long) of the earlier history of this District. ANNIVEBSABY.-On Wednesday the anniversary of the Penrith Wesleyan Band of Hope was celebrated. The children had their tea at six o'clock, when the following assisted at the tables : Mrs. Williams, Misses Crossman (2), Starling, Price and Worboys. After the tea a very inter esting service of song, entitledLittle Maggie's Mission," was very nicely rendered by members of the Band of Hope and the Choir. The connective readings were read by Mr. J. Stanton. The leading singing parts were taken by Mrs. Williams, Misses Crossman, M. Price, A. Worboys, and A. Starling, and Master H. Williams. During the evening a dialogue was given by Misses A. Worboys and Squires and Master F. Worboys. We must not forget Mrs. Haynes, senr.'s recitation. The shouts of the people nearly brought the house down when they knew she was going to recite. The title of it was " Two New Chums from the Old Country she deserves great praise for the way in which she recited it. After a very pleasant evening being spent, the proceedings were brought to a close with the Doxology. AN AWKWABD FIX.-On Sunday last Mr. and Mrs. W. Player, whilst returning from Richmond, had a very ugly experience about a couple of miles this side of that town. They were in a sulky drawn by Mr. Player's chestnut. The animal took a sudden turn off the road through some unknown cause, with the result that the off wheel was turned inside out, the rim and some of the spokes coming clean off. Mr. Player managed to pull the animal up befoie any further damage was'damage was done and both having alighted, the animal was unhitched. Mr. Player held the end of the reins, and placed the rug in the breeching straps in order to carry it more easily, intending to walk on to Mr. Bonnard's and borrow a trap to drive home. They had just started for their two-mile walk, when the animal lashed out, and eventually got away, rug and all. It was no use trying to chase him on foot, so the)* traqaped on to Mr. Bonnard's, who kindly lent them a horse and buggy. Nothing was seen of the horse on the road home, nor was he found until the following day-in the Common-with not a strap broken. ANOTHER OLD RESIDENT GONE.—There passed away at her residence, Riley-street, Penrith, on Monday evening, after a long illness, Mrs. J. Reddan, at the ripe old age of 77. Deceased, who had been a resident of the district for over 60 years, was highly respected. She was a strict Catholic, and ever attended her duties in connection with the Church. Mrs. Reddan came to the colony with her huBband in 1841, when she and her husband, the late Mr. John Reddan, who was one of the first aldermen of the Penrith Municipal Council, settled down at Fernhill, Mulgoa. The couple remained there only twelve months, afterwards removing to Lambridge, where they remained for 40 odd years. Her husband died 8 years ago. Mrs. Reddan was the mother of twelve children, eight of whom are living. Among those living in the district are Mr. Patrick Reddan, Mr. William Reddan, Mrs. -Leavy, and Mrs. Albert Upton. Deceased's remains were interred at Cranebrook Cemetery on Wednes day, the procession being the largest seen here for some time. Fathers Sheridan and Kenny per formed the rites of the church at the grave, and Mrs. Price (through Mr. W. Frrgar) had charge of the funeral arrangements. SOCIAL.-Last Friday week (Queen's Birthday) a most enjoyable time was spent in the Foresters' Hall, Penrith, This was an affair arranged by some of the ladies of Penrith, notably the Misses Robertson (4), Haynes, Burling, Fragar, etc. Although the night was very wet and dark, some twenty coupleB attended by invitation, and dancing, interspersed with songs, games, etc., was kept up till about ten o'clock, when the company adjourned to the balcony, where the tables had been laid out in a most elaborate form with all the dainties of the season. After all were seated, Aid, A. V. Reid, in a few choice words, proposed " Success to the Ladies " for the very able manner in which they had carried out thiB affair, especially for the good thingB which were_ set before them. Mr. E. L. Aubrey supported it. After the toast had been drunk, and a hearty vote of thanks accorded them, Mr. A. Buttsworth briefly responded on behalf of the ladies. A few other gentlemen having spoken on the subject, " business" was commenced, and here, if not anywhere else, everyone seemed to enjoy themselves. When all had been fully satisfied, an adjournment was again made to the hall, where dancing, with Bongs, games, etc,, was kept up till about half-past twelve. Good muBic was supplied at different intervals during the night by Misses Rafter, Delaney, and Brownlow, and Messrs. E. Bunt and J. Barlow (piccolo), PAINT MADE WITH POTATOES.-Thus an ex change : A new use has been found for potatoes. Paint can be made with them in the following manner: A pound of 'potatoes is boiled in water and afterwards mashed ; then being diluted with water, they are passed through a fine seive, two pounds [of whiting and two pounds of water being added. A milk white colour results. . "Various other colours can be obtained by the use of ochres and minerals. The advantages of the paint are cheapness and durability, as it adheres well to wood or plaster and does not peel. HARDLY FAIR.-We noticed in last week's issue of the Sunday Times a brief report of the football match played here on Queen's Birthday between the Cleveland Boyala and the Penrith Pirates, in which whoever gave the information states that the Clevelands defeated the Pirates by five points to three (5-3). Such, however, we are very pleased to state, is not the case, but con siderably vice versa. The Pirates defeated the Clevelands by eleven points to five (11-6). Before leaving Penrith that night the team were fully satisfied with the way things had gone, but now some one is evidently trying to gull their friends in Sydney that they obtained the victory, instead of our boys-afraid to own that the Clevelands were defeated. BUEPRISE PARTY.-On Thursday evening a surprise party was given to Mr. Arthur Judges, in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, by his Sunday School scholars, viz., Misses A. Starling, N. Crossman, N. Burling, L. Tunney, M, Squires, A. Worboys, M. Starling and A. Crossman. An address'was read by Miss A. Crossman, and a beautiful morocco bible was presented by Miss M. Starling on behalf of the scholars. The girls thought it was the best way to show their affection towards their teacher (Mr. Judges) for the interest he has taken in them for the past two years. About 20 friends were present besides those mentioned, and a very pleasant evening was spent, breaking up at 11 o'clock. Games were indulged in a greater part of the evening Some light refreshments were provided. It was a great surprise to Mr. Judges. CRICKETERS' CONCERT.-This will take place on Wednesday, 19th June, in the Temperance Hall, and we do not hesitate in saying that if this concert is as good as those previously given, there is a treat in store for the Penrith people. Besides having MisB Hazeltine's assistance (who is so well known) the following ladies and gentlemen have also kindly consented to take part: - Miss Vic. Young (of Sydney), Mi?. J. G. Tedder, Misses Kellett, McLachlan, Cahill and Peak ; Messrs. E. J. Fulton, J.- Herford, J. Wilcher, C. Dargin, E. Bedmond, and H. Thorn dike. The first part of the programme will consist of vocal and instrumental pieces, and in the second part a farce, entitled " Taming a Tiger," will be carried out by Messrs. A. Colless, Thorndike and Slaughter. Plan of reserved seats may be seen at the TIMES Office. The musical portion is in the hands of Mr. Tedder, and the dramatic business in those of Mr. A. Colless. SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the globe, we publish the following :-Hazard, M.D., Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record:-"We have examined half-a dozen specimens of different manufactures; the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to be reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Be fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr.! Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of the sama concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel waranted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to > exercise care and precaution whan buying. SANDEB Sc SONS.-(Advfc.) BIRTHDAY HONORS.-Among tlje honors con ferred by Her Majesty the Queen in commemoration of the anniversary of her birthday are the follow ing -.-Knights Bachelors : Mr. Alexander Campbell Onslow, Chief Justice of West Australia; Mr. Arthur Snowden, Mayor of Melbourne. Privy Councillor (P.O.): Sir Henry Brougham Loch, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., formerly Governor of Victoria, and until recently Governor of Cape Colony and High Commissioner for . South Africa. Knights Commanders of St. Michael and St. George (K.C.M.G.) : Sir Joseph Palmer Abbott, Knight, Speaker of the Assembly of New South Wales ; Sir Thomas Fowell Bnxton, Bart,, the Governor-elect of South Australia ; Mr. Richard Chaffey Baker, C.M.G., M.A., President of the Legislative Council of South Australia ; Mr. William Austin Zeal, M.I.C.E., President of the Legislative Council of Victoria. Companions of St. Michael and St. George (C.M.G.) : Mr. Joseph A. Panton, senior police magistrate in Melbourne; Mr. Joseph Sylvester O'Halloran, formerly Clerk of the Exe cutive Council of South Australia, and now Secretary of the Royal Colonial Institute. THE GHOST.-Quite a commotion has been caused in town, especially among the young folks, owing to report having gained currency that a ghost had been seen in different parts of the town, and had interfered with several people. We have made nightly visits to the supposed haunts of this being, but, BO far, we have no results to report, although Bomeone or other drops across whatever it is nightly. The peculiar part of this ghost is that it is a black one dressed as a woman, and on being spoken to it generally clears out. Only a few nights ago, someone gave chaBa and very nearly caught it at the fence leading into the Agricultural Society's ground beyond the bridge in Station street, where, however, it jumped the fence, took, off its head, and cleared across by Rodley. This is pretty tall, the wonder is that it did not, throw back its head at its pursuer. Mis. Charles Byrnes, of High-street, had a peculiar experience a few nights ago. Hearing someone in the adjoining room, and imagining it was her husband, she called out to him "not to be trying to frighten her." She got no reply, and at a later stage, something that she thought was " the ghost" or a man entered the room on all fours. She screamed, jumped on the table, and later on swooned off. Several of the neighbors rushed in, only to find Mrs. Byrnes in a swoon and Mr. Eaaterbrook's black pig leaving the premises. No one has yet captured the real I ghost, and for the last night or two he has been very quiet, probably owing to the moonlight nights. I When it gets a bit darker, perhaps his ghostship will deign to walk - QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY AT MULQOA.-On Friday of last week it was intended by some young people, residents of Mulgoa and visitors from Sydney and Penrith, to have a high old time at Mulgoa. A Gipsy tea was on the boards first, but this had to be abandoned owing to the rain-the party, however, had the tea all the same. In the evening there was to be a concert at the Hall in aid of the piano fund, but, as only two or three turned up, it was decided to spend the evening among themselves. Several Bongs were sung and several dances were got through, the happy party breaking up about one o'clock on Saturday morn ing. During the evening Mr. P. M. Woodhill (Sydney) sang " The Rich Man and the Poor Man," in splendid style. " Close to the Threshold," by Mr. L. Beimenschneider (Sydney) was also a capital item. Miss E. Squires (Penrith), who was in splendid voice, sang "Oh, promise me," and she had to respond to an encore, when Bhe rendered, with equal effect, " Whisper, and I shall hear." " Queen of the Earth," by Mr. E. J. Bedmond (Penrith) was a perfect gem: a duet, " Larbord: Watch," by Messrs. G. Wrench (Mulgoa) and L. , Beimenschneider, waB a real treat; " Ship wrecked," by Mr. G. Wrench, " The Last Watch," by Mr, Beimenschneider, and a comic, " How he apologised," by Mr. Woodhill, were each given with good effect. The company had to thank Miss Henderson and Messrs. Redmond and L. Cadden for the instrumental music during the evening. The ladies provided refreshments. Despite the miserable state of the weather, the party spent a most enjoyable afternoon and evening. WANTED A WIPE.-A farmer in Manitoba recently wrote to England, asking for a wife to be sent out to him. We believe he meant well, and we hope he met with success ; but good wives are not usually obtained in this way. In such a matter a man cannot safely truBt to the judgment of another, but must use his own. In choosing a wife, every man's judgment varies. In other things it is mot so. For instance, the judgment of every sensible man is in favor of Holloway's Pills and Ointment for the cure of liver complaints, disordered stomach, shattered nerves, rheumatism, gout, lumbago, scalds, burns, and all skin diseases. IMPORTANT TO FRTJITGEOWERS.-Mr. D. B. Howard of Kingswood, and a fruitgrower of con siderable experience, announces in our advertising columns that he has established a commission agency business for the Bale of fruit at the Belmore Markets, Hay-street, Sydney. He purposes doing this business on several new lines, viz., charging 6d pir case commission, which covers railway freight and cartage, consignors of course to find their own cases. Mr. Howard Bhould do well, and we feel assured that any commission entrusted to him will be dealt with in a fair manner, the highest price will be obtained, and account sales promptly rendered. PBESENTATION OF TEOPHIES.-On Thursday nigbt, at Tattersall's Hotel, His Worship the Mayor presented the trophies won during the season in connection with the Railway Cricket Olub. The Mayor's trophy (a first-class bat.), for the best batting average, was presented to Mr. F. E. Mathews. A gold medal (from Mr. D. Vallance), was presented to Mr. A. Johnstone, for the best, bowling average. Mr. Henson's trophy, for best fielding, was presented to Mr. E. J, Redmond ; and a trophy from Mr. E, King, for sccond best bowling average, was presented to Mr. T. E. Smith, junr. Votes of thanks to the donors, and especially to the Mayor, brought a very pleasant evening to a close. THE PEIBONS OP THE COLONY.-The report of the Comptroller-General of Prisons for the year 1894 has been laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly. In it is stated that the total number of gaols in operation at the end of the year 1894 was 60\. Of this number 36 were police gaols, which are maintained on grounds of convenience and economy as places of detention for prisoners await ing trial on the spot and for short-sentenced local offenders. The total number of prisoners distri buted throughout the gaols of the colony on the 31st December last wax 2601 (2352 males and 252 females), as against 2445 (2237 males and 208 females) at the end of 1893, the estimated increase of population of the colony being from 1,223,370 in 1893 to 1,211,450 in 1894. The number of distinct persons received into the gaols during the year was 11,604, as compared with 12,002 in 1893. There were 26 deaths during the year (including five executions), to 36 in 1893. The net value of all kinds of work done by the prisoners in the different gaols, with the exception of those under going modified servitude at Trial Bay, was £51,826, as compared with £51,399 for the previous year. OUR BEAVE DEFENDERS.-On Queen's Birthday the local volunteer corps fell in at the office about half-past eleven, and were marched to a vacant spot of ground in Hornseywood, opposite the Commercial Hotel, where ammunition was served out and a feu de joie, or three rounds of blank cartridges, was fired in the air in honor of the birth of Her Majesty the Queen. Afterwards they " presented arms " and gave three cheers in honor of that memorable event. In the afternoon all.members of the Rifle Club went out to Emu Plains to shoot for prizes, of which some ten or eleven had been presented. Although the light was very bad, and the targets wet and dirty, some very good shooting was done, Conrad Merz knocking up fifty-eight and J. Lennox, who was "scratch," 57. The Sydney team of schoolteachers came up the next day (Saturday) by mistake, for the Secretary had wired to them saying the weather was unfit for shooting, and asking them to postpone the match, which had been arranged to come off that day, till a more suitable time ; but being a holiday when the wire was sent, their Secretary was not at his office, and the team came up. Word was sent to a good few members of the club, but as they had been pre viously informed there was to be no match, they had made other arrangements. Two, however, turned up-Captain DeMeyrick and a private-and the opposing team fired off as a practice, Penrith Club finding a marker. Some tall shooting was done by the schoolteachers. Captain Bax (from Fort-street) knocked up 32 out of 35 points at the 500 yards range and 29 at the 600, all the others averaging from-58 to 00 for both ranges. 