OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. i [from our own correspondent.] The Show took possession of Melbourne last week, and overshadowed everything else. Need I say I refer to the Royal Agricultural Society's annual exhibition at Flemington, though as such I conceive the great farmers' tryst to sail under a misnomer. It is Hamlet with the title rule omitted, its place being supplied by other related matters, which may stand for the sisters and the cousins and the aunts of the melancholy and philosophic Dane. Thus, at the Royal Agricultural Show agriculture as represented by its products is crowded into a remote and very small corner. The breeders, pastoralists, graziers, etc., take first place with horses, cattle, sheep, and swine, and the exhibits in each class certainly seem to touch the point of perfection, The manufacturers of machinery and implements have the next call and the best advertisement, the display again embracing everything worth seeing yet produced by human ingenuity in this department. The makers of vehicles, in their almost endless variety, from the patrician landau down through the genteel buggy and plebeian spring cart to the bucolic wain and dray, rank next in order, and acquit themselves with equal credit, Dogs, dairy produce, harness, saddlery, and etceteras, receive attention in turn ; but for agricultural products there is no room in the Royal Agricultural Show. Still the attraction of the tryst is undeniable, and despite the very variable weather the city has been so crowded during the week. to be reminiscent of Cup time. Indeed, on Thursday, the Vice-regal day, which happened to be favoured with perfect spring ' weather, the takings at the gates were £150 in excess of last year's receipts. "It's the jumpin' as does it, explained one of the crown referring to the. crush on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday when the hunter trials and high jumping contests drew like soap and sugar poultices. Without a doubt in appealing so strongly to the sporting element in the Australian character the committee has combined the wisdom of the philosopher with the subtlety of the serpent, and the reward follows in large attendances. Here it may be noted that the jumping was not up to the standard of former years, perhaps because the rain which fell at intervals had deadened the track. Jess, last year's high-jump wiener, was again successful in getting first place, but with only 5ft. 11in., while on earlier occasions old Spondulix has cleared 6ft. 6in., and Lubra 6ft. 10in. nearly a foot higher than Friday's winning jump. Touching the educational influence of the Show, about which we have heard so much this may concern a certain small proportion, but with respect to the great remainder of these present, as the old German professor was wont to remark Here, here I had me some suspicions, I smell me some rats ! " Political business occupied but a short time last week, as the House rose on Wednesday. In the first place the bill to regu- late the hospital elections, of which I told you, upon being introduced into the Council by Mr. Grimwade was knocked out in one round. The objections were on the part of the other hospitals, Metropolitan and Country, the argument being if the subscribers, officers, and committee of the Melbourne Hos- pital cannot conduct their business decorously, is that any reason why we, who do shall change our forms of election The objections were fatal, and the quadrennial Melbourne scandal will therefore be perpetuated. Continuing the tariff revision debate in the Assembly, the proposal to abolish the 3d. tea duty was negatived, so also was a neighbourly attempt to put 10s. per ton on Tasmanian and other chaff. Motions to increase by 3d. per lb. the duty on imported leaf and manufactured tobacco were defeated, and the most important alterations effected were the reductions from 12s. to 6s. per gallon on still wines, and from 15s. to 12.'. on sparkling wines. The most sensational event of the past week is one for which Dr. Bevan is directly responsible. Taking advantage of his crusade against the tote, the tobacconists who profess to do a legitimate business asked the doctor and certain other clergy- men to help them in trying to shut up the Sunday-trading gambling shops, running as tobacconists. The clergy said yes?, but how 2 and the tobacconists' spokesman suggested a deputation to the Minister. Hereupon Dr. Bevan declared that from past experience he had lost faith in the efficacy of deputations to Ministers. It might be a better plan to interview Magistrates. and try to shame them into doing their duty, but he had little hope, since Magistrates were, as a rule, the most shameless men he knew of. Straightway there was a hubbub, and the papers bubbled over with leaders, letters, and special articles devoted to "Our shameless magistracy." 'has made things pretty lively, but it is just nothing to the commotion created when Mr. Lormer, an old and respected J.P., who sits on the District Court Bench, opened the proceedings one morning with a set and carefully prepared speech, endorsing Dr. Bevan's remark, and rubbing it in as with a brickbat. The Police Magistrate sat astounded; the hon. Js. P. were aghast; the constables were agape and the astonished spectators stood saucer-eyed with appreciative wonder. The Police Magistrate sought to stay the steady inflow of deliberately expressed attack, and even adjourned the Court, but Mr. Lormer waited and finished on its resumption. One J. P. inter j acted in defence of his order, and was told that he was a disgrace to the Bench, said that he sat altogether too regularly. Having paid his Bay Mr. Lormer ceased, but he stands to MR guns touching the maladminis- tration of justice at that Court, and has accepted the ministerial invitation which promptly followed to furnish dates and instances. Let it be stated here that Mr. Lormer is a total abstainer of the extremest type, that he sits on the bench with special regularity every Thursday when the cases under the Licensing Act are taken, and that his allegations have chief respect to such cases. It is, therefore, generally, recog- nised" that his teetotal zeal may have carried him too far, touching his specific cases, and that his method of bringing the matter under notice by assailing the Bench from the bench was, to say the least, an extreme one. Still the singular and unpleasant fact remains that his action is generally approved, because it will compel notice to be taken of things which the Government has steadily refused to recognise. ' That grave scandals in connection with the maladministration and perversion of justice have repeatedly occurred is within common knowledge. I wrote you on this very subject some weeks ago, and gave special instances. The most glaring was the Collingwood case, where the bench was so shamelessly packed from the Trades-hall in the matter of an attack on free labourers by unionists that the Police Magistrate adjourned the case for a month. At the end of the month the thing occurred again. Five local justices then left the Court by way of protest, but the Trades-hall Js.P. sat on. The solicitor for the prosecution, Mr. Lyons, who happens to be the Premier's partner, told the Bench, not once, but a dozen times, to the plainest possible terms, varied to prevent the chance of mi«ooncepttoa,)that it was packed against his clients, and that he had not a ghost of a chance of obtaining justice. Still those '* shameless magistrate-! " took it and calmly acquitted the accused. The ¿Ir^ugdenouncid the whole affair in scathing terms. Still the Government made no sign, and when question was asked about the matter in the Hos- Mr. Uren with not only defended the Union J's.P., but actually asserted that they would have failed to do their duty had they not gone to sit on that case. By way of contrary, in Carlton, where the Trades'-hall is situated, the locality in which several of the justices live, and where 30 hon. Js'P. raids within half a mile of the Courthouse, as a 'Board be induced matters laN Tuesday week, though even prisoners were there in custody waiting trial. Let it not be supposed for a moment that these scandals are confined to unionist Js. P. I merely cited the Collingwood case as the latest and most flagrant ; but I gave you others in my former letter. These could be readily supplemented, and the public memory will quickly revert to the Forster LagerBscr case, and the case of the fashionable demi mondaine whom the police Bouqhtto clear out of Exhibition-street some years ago. That bench packing is to be managed by a mere distribution of sovereigns to hon. Js.P., as some assert, I do not believe ; but that benches are packed in special cases is a state meat that most certainly will not admit of satisfactory dis- proof ; hence the gratification caused by the action which will absolutely compel some authoritative attention to the matter, beyond the severely condemnatory notice which Justices' justice has already on several occasions lately received from the Supreme Court. Indeed, it already appears to have had this effect, has since Mr. Lormer'a attack two Ballan justices have been called on to resign, who, despite the fact that a prisoner pleaded guilty to larceny, acquitted and discharged him. He was the Clerk of Petty Sessions, and son of a large landholder in the district. He was charged with embezzling public moneys. The magistrates changed the charge to larceny as a clerk to bring it within their summary jurisdiction. The man pleaded guilty, but overruling the P.M. the justices acquitted and discharged him, telling him at the time that he had pleaded guilty to a lie, and he knew it. He had only been negligent and negligence was not a crime. " Our Swindling Solicitors," by the author of "OurShameless Magistrates, ''is the next publication which may be expected to issue from the local press, and verily the cases which have recently come before the Courts would provide the writer with ample material. You know how it is yourselves since cases in which clients have been shamefully robbed by those they have paid to protect their interests and enforce their rights are not altogether unheard of on the banks of the Derwent. Here they have been very frequent of late, causing no little discredit to the profession, and much distrustful suspicion among the public. Half a dozen legal blacklegs have been dealt with by suspension or otherwise within the same number of months. The pity is that half a hundred more cannot be dealt with by suspension (per cent.) and not otherwise Three came to grief last week, and two more are awaiting trial for defrauding an unfortunate who was kept drunk till he was robbed of his entire inheritance. Among the legal defaulters dealt with last week was Mr. De Courcey Ireland, son of the well- known criminal lawyer and politician, Richard Davies Ireland, Solicitor- General in the second O'Shanassy Ministry, and Attorney-General in the first Heales and third O'Shanassy Ministries. Now, the gifted father largely monopolised the brain-power of the family. Certainly he did not transmit an equal amount to his sons,' and hence a remark I heard made in an out-of-the- way part of the world by an old retainer of the family on meeting the young master wearing a sombrero of very magnificent proportions. "Ooh, Master De Courcojf'tis a fine bat ye have on a splendid bat ; but it's a pity, to 'us, that yer father's head isn't in it," Following Dr, Bevan's lead Mr. Francis Longmore, the resurrected Lazarus of the Assembly, and parliamentary Rip Van Winkle, has been creating a little interest and not a little diversion by a remarkable ' deliverance. It was at the annual conference of the Victorian Alliance, and the subject was not our shameless magistrates, but our bibulous politicians. His complaint was that the vice-presidents of the Alliance were-0 shame, 0 sorrow, and O human kind-not teetotalers like himself, but scandalous whiskey drinkers. Namoi Name !" cried his auditors. "The senior vice president, Sir James Patterson," retorted the resuscitated fossil, drinks whiskey so freely as any man and asks his friends to do so. I know that he spends this money in drink." The statement created a buzz outside, chiefly at the expense of the assailed one, who was rallied right heartily on his asserted addiction to liquor, and the next day appeared an explanation by which Mr. Long- more carefully stepped from the frying pan into the fire. He merely wished, he said, to point out that one of the vice-presidents was not a total abstainer, and when pressed for a name mentioned Sir James Patterson. But he had no idea of imputing that Sir James Patterson spent his money on whiskey. Query: . Hod Mr. Longmore heard the story of how certain members of a Tasmanian Club were entertaining a recent aspirant for Parliamentary honours, who regularly " took the oath " when the others " smiled," but Bailed not again in return. At length, growing late, he wished to retire, and was pressed to try just another little one as a nightcap. "No, no," said he, "I really can't stand any more whisky." " Why, hang it," was the quick report of the Hon, H.I.H., "You haven't stood any yet." The bread riots at the Trades-hall has fizzled out after a final rally which promised more portentous results, The secretary of the Council, Mr. Barrett, ML A., was badgered most unmercifully at last meeting because he had dared unfavourably to contrast the high-priced your union broad supplied to him with the cheaper and more wholesome non-union loaves in which his neighbours revelled. Apologies were demanded and hard words used, even to the giving of the lie Without circumstance, and the queer doctrine was pretty clearly laid down that it was a unionist obligation to accept anything without question, even to hunt it up, rejecting the good and preferring the bad, so long as it bore the sacred stamp' of the union. In short, his simple duty was summed up in the brief formula, " Gape, gudgeon, and swallow," and if it came to a question of deliberately poisoning himself, his wife and children, with deleterious bread, the greater the sacrifice the more the merit. Mr Barrett mildly demurred, and he was metaphorically knocked down and jumped upon. In vain he pleaded that Government tenderers were frequently fined for supplying adulterated bread, and challenged the Bakers' Society to furnish a return if the fines so paid by its members, in the face of this, he even went so far as to say that recently " he had taken the trouble to spend three quarters of a day to prevent tender being let to a non-union baker." " That's only your duty as a labour member I was the scathing re- joinder, and so we arrive at the conclusion that the duty of a labour member is to "belt the Government, and poison the State fed unfortunates all for the good of Unionism. Finally the discussion came to a halt on the important question-Do Union bakers always smoke Union tobacco and wear Union clothes and boots ? It was a face, and stopped the debate, even as an equally pertinent question in the House stopped the proposal to impose an import duty on Tasmanian fish. ' If a Victorian caught fish more than three miles from shore, would it be dutiable as an imported article The Rev. Joseph Cook has taken up the lecturing programme, and has made an impression, especially with his first lecture " Does Death End All." Apparently not, from a notice which appeared on the board of a suburban church, where the top and bottom standing lines are painted on permanently, leaving blank spaces for the fluctuating matter, such as the subject of discourse. Thus the board read recently St. Jude's Church: The Rev. Jabez Sharp will, D.V., preach in this Church on Sunday next, morning and evening. Subject : .' What we may' expect in Hell." Free saw and no collection. September 3. j 