THE KING OF; ANAWQJ03J8T8. The late Sir Richard Owen's autobibgrapny, just completed by bis grahd^nif'ihe;rJteV. ,;, -:. Richard Owen, contains a number of good stories (writes the London Daily Tdqjmph). Owen was the last man in the world to-be in- ? fluenped by superstition. He had experiences . ': ?: quite early in Lis career which fortified a mind strongly disposed by nature to require.evidenc© for his beliefs. Nobody should ever compile . books of veritable ghost stories aud omit those ? of Richard Owen. 'Unlike most such narra- . tives. they are true and genuine, and told as the professor used to tell them they were quite blood-curdling. The earliest may be read at length in the first volume. Severely condensed it isas follows: —Owen had commenced his career as a doctor at liis native town, Lancaster, and had just completed his first dissections, the cases of two prisoners, in a room of the old castle, and_ he confesses that 'the sheet having been with drawn from the cold collapsed features of the deceased, the lialf-opened eyes seemed to deprecate what then struck mo as a desecra tion of the sanctity of the dead. In vain my elderfellow pupildrewmj'attention to the varios pathological signs in the thoracic viscera; my gaze would still turn to tbe pale cold features and the glassy eyeballs.' Late that night — it was in November, and a storm was rising — the young doctor had to go to the tower alone. Just as he was about to ascend the spiral staircase a gust blew out the light of his lantern. He ascended in ths dark. The., wind howled in the turret, he had passed the dreaded dissect ing- chamber when,' he says, 'I saw above me a figure at first indistinct, then in clear outline tall and thin, leaning against or clasping the central stone pillar. My first alarm grew into ? a creeping, freezing horror, as staring intently upwards 1 thought I distinguished the pale ? collapsed features and . those half- . opened glassy eyes that had. haunted ' me through 'the day. I would have called for lielp, but I knew it would be in vain, and I began a precipitate descent, when a second figure in white appeared below me as if to intercept my passage ; that figure, too, ; seemed to lean agamst or clasp the centra coiumn, and surely it bore the features of the other corpse ! For an instant I grasped the pillar for support, and gazed upon the spectre in speechless terror (I was but young — 16 only). An unusually articulate howl above and a: clattering like someone in chains rapidly rushing down the staircase made me start off; in desperation. As I passed the lower ghost I felt something move and found I had dragged ? ? a sheet after me ! This evidence of mate riality recalled .' my shattered, senses. That was the apparition; a sheet had been hung up to dry opposite a slit in the walL I hung the sheet up again, and soon saw how the round opening pictured . in the bright moonlight on the sheet had made the head of the ghost ; some folds of the sheet and an excited imagination completed the ghastly physiognomy. Every trace of the supernatural had vanished, and I deliberately reascended to take a second and cool scrutiny of ghost number one. It was of course also due to the moonlight through the other window. ' Owen's ' negro's head story,' here likewise told at length, is quite famous : — To enrich his craniological connection the young doctor had surreptitiously cut oil the head of a fine . specimen Ethiopian who was just about to be buried. On his way home after this deed of darkness he was descending a ^ - lull when, as he lost his balance and fell . forward, the skull dropped out of the bag, '; ? rolled, and bounded against the door of a cottage. In that cottage a mother and daughter were at that moment discussing th« horrors of the slave trade, then in full swings They shrieked and rushed away, afterwards declaring that they had seen ' the phantom of . a negro slave lying on the floor, whieh turned its ghastly head and glared at them for a momeDt with white protruding eyeballs. A figure in black entered at the same moment.' The professor used to say in tragic tones, 'Tin*. mystery of' that phantom head is known to men alone.' ; Believers in telepathy, mahatmas, and com monnlace annaritions would have received little encouragement from this apostle of re- ? search, one of whose amusements was to extir pate all the sea-serpents that came in his way. Hence the lines in Punch of that time — Who killed the sea serpent ? ' I,' said Professor Owen. , All the world has heard of the surprise whict Owen gave the scientific world when, from » . fragment of bone 6 in. in length and 5J in. ia its smallest circumference, coming from New Zealand, he came to the conclusion by ; pure anatomical reasoning that it must have formed the 'shaft of a thigh' bone of some birti as large as, if not larger than, the ostrich. Nfr1 such bird was known in New Zealand, and if it existed it seemed impossible it could have escaped observation. By and by the full skeleton was brought over, and when 'the perfect bone arrived and was laid on the paper it fitted exactly the outline which Owen had drawn.' This was the elephant-footed moa, or - Dinornis Elephantopus (Owen), one qt the ex tinct birds of New Zealand. ' It was a triumph like this which led people instinctively to call him the Ensiish Cuvier. Sir Richard's know- ? ledge of the bone structure, and especially of the teeth of animals, approached the marvellous. ; ; It was difficult to find a fragment or a tooth of - any creature existing or extinct which' he would not instantly recognise. George Lewes relates that on one occasion a tooth fell into his hands - wliich he could not recognise. He took it to Owen, who at once said it was the third molar of an extinct mammal or reptile. Lewes was, he confessed, staggered by the promptitude and precision of this reply, and_ proceeded to test it, and so sure enough it was — the 'third molar of the particular fossil creature Owen had named. Before Darwin was compelled by the state of his health to leave London for Down, in Kent, Owen saw much of . him, and the great naturalist thought so highly of the professor that, when he brought out the 'Origin of Species' he was '' especially anxious to liave his support for his new theory. He wrote to L'yeiL 'How curious I shall be to know what line Owen will take! Dead against us, I fear.' As a matter of fact he was not dead against the doctrine of natural selection, and so far as can be ascer tained he never expressed a definite opinion on Darwinism, but there can be no doubt that he preferred hi3 own scheme of Nature, which attributed all existing animal forms to certain, original 'archetypes' something like Plato'* 'ideas' — which of course require an origi nating, designing mind. An amusing story is told by the Paris cor-, respondent of the Daily Tdegrapli, under data:'., of November 12, at the joint expense of an«n-! :i gaged couple, a prospective motntr-in-law, and an instantaneous photographer. The affianced ; ? persons, a young man from the provinces and; his fair cousin, who lives with her parents in . Paris, went with the young lady's father and ., mother to the Montmartre Pair, the youthful ; provincial paying all the expenses of the visits to the menageries, waxworks, and peepshows. It suddenly occurred to him that it .would be a J good thing to have the family group photo graphed, so all repaired to- the booth of an install - taneousartist who, after he had fixed the sitters, undertook to send the proof to the abode of the : father and mother when it was dry. The young man thereupon promised to call personally for the group, and he did so on the morrow, when a parcel carefully tied up was placed in . his » bauds. He repaired with it to his prospective mother-in-law, who on opening the packet --tS uttered a piercing shriek, which re-echoed through the house as well as the fiat. Then she flung the parcel from her with loathing, and the young man picked it up. : To his in tense astonishment and horror, he found that instead of the family group the instantaneous ' operator had sent a photograph, representing a donkey, an ox, and two cows. The young man from the provinces, deeming himself to be the victim of a derisive practical joke, lodged com plaint with a commissary of police, who sum moned the operator to his presence. The man was amazed at what he termed the result1 of a ' stupid mistake. He had been photographing ^ cattle owned by a farmer at Saint Denis, and !* he had mixed up the two cliches. The family .* group was sent to the farmer, and as it could * not be recovered for a few days he offered to '^ repair his error by taking new likenesses of the ^ young man and his relatives. The prospective,, | mother-in-law would riot agree to thu^ and \ maintained in spite of explanations and % entreaties that she had been grossly insulted. '% She furthermore 'declined to allow her ^ daughter to marry the man who had foolishly \ led her into the photographer's booth, but she --J may yet rescind her Draconic decision after ~**»j calm deliberation. ' . ~.j 