CHAPTEE II. THsE WELL HOUSE, GOrEBDU.o The Well House, Gunnersbury, was the oldest building for manymiles round The well from which it took its name in ages gone by had furnished a water supposed to be endowed with great healing properties. In the early part of the last century, it was a resort of the semi-fashionable kind, and delicate dames used to drive out from their mansions in Mayfatr, with the rise of the morning sun, to drink the Gunnersbury waters. But the water, it would appear, lost its healing properties and its reputa tion,and the glories of the Well Houss de parted, never to return, After that, the Well House passed through over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes. It was at one time the residence of a fair lady of the period, who there held her mimic court every Sunday. and in the reign of the last of the Georges it was the property of the fair ady's son, who gambled it away, together with the rest of his belong ings. Litigation ensued, and the Well House, with all that to it pertained, was thrown into that abyss of destruction, Chancery. There it remained until a few years pre. vious to the commencement of our history, acnuiring daily a more firmly established reputa:ion of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. The wallse were mere tottering stands of masonry, overrun hy ioy and other creepers, tl:he woodwork rotten. The ironwork crumbled beneath the touch, and the carden was, in summer time, one !ooeiywildernes of untrammelled gl rday arrive when the Gourt of Chan oer, tired of its work of destruction, de ternined to sell the place, and Sirs lill, Endalie's aunt, bought it for the prover. bial son. Bricklayert?,masons,carpenter' and so forth, were sect to work, and the re sult wa a pretty, comfortable modern villa, provided with everything that could I nake life enjoyable. Mrs IHill had lon b-?en on the look-out for euch a place-'luiet. secluded, situated on a read used- by few people. and lboo good one, and the house had been so eon struoted that Onrprise was impossible. In case of danger, there was a little window on the highest point of the roof, from which the a pproaches on all sides could be was difcult, the means of ecap? were well At the same time, the Well House pre sented every appearance of the highest re spectauhility. The staff consisted of Mike Roan, the serving-man whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who had been many yeare in Mrs Hill's service, and en her naughter, who was equally devoted to the family. The next morning was as balmy as the previous night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well House, somei of the inmates had been astir from about five o'clock, and by seven it would have puzzled the shrewdest detective to find in the place a proof of the burglary which had been committed by Endalie Verpoint. The jewel boxes had been burned, the gold melted into one lump, and the jewels tied into little packets; which were secreted upon the person of MrsHill. Mrs -iil herself was driven shortly after nine toGunnerabury Railway Station, where she took a train citywads. Mike then returned to the Well. House anh deisitlting in his dogcart ibsdy's port mantean and valise, sent word to inform Miss Endalie that the trap was ready. The young lady herself stepped into the garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had beenuandis turbed by aught but the brightest and most innocent of dreams. Dress,'faee and figure were equally charming, add he: beauty seemed to be rather of the frail 4ds fragile order than of the kind which is inm proved by muscilar exercise. Had any. body placed by the side of those tiny pa tent leather shoes the heavy Bluchers she' had kicked off in the hall, and even sug gested that she might have worn them; he would have been thou-ht mad. Endalie jumpedlightly into the vehicle, and taking the reins from Mike's hands, drove away in the direction of Richmond. She had passed every step of that reoad on the previous night, and it moved her punle not the space of a breath to return by the way along which she had toiled in the rain with her booty in her pockets, -and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who might stop her. The morning paper had contained no announcement of the burglary, but that was hardly possible, as the news could not have reached Fleet Street in time. As she passed 'the gateway of Benchief Lodge, however, she noticed a policeman-tanding there, engaged in conversation with what to Endalie's practised eye appeared to be a detective. "They've found out by this time that they've lost something," she said to her-' self, "and are trying to look for it." At that moment, a carriage and pair came dashing down the walk towards the road. Two ladies were seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalie shot a sneerful glance towards them and drove on. "It's no use, my darling Angelina," Enlalie said to herself, " grieving over those ear-rings. You'll .never see them again. They'll decorate some Eastern beauty,who'll neverknow thatyou'reboreak ing that dear little heart of yours over them." It is probable that had Lady Angelina Ayot been aware of Miss Endalie Ver point's self-communion, she would have been inclined to feel even more spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took the train to Windsor, the faithful Mikereturning with the heavy dogcart to Gunnersbury. A handsome, hale and hearty old gentleo man, whose white moustache and short' trimmedwhite whiskers labelled him'as an old soldier, was waiting on Windsor plat form, in the company of a pretty young lady, whom the flush of expectation had made doubly charming, when the train from town steamed in. The old gentleman's eyes ran up and down the line of carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his search in the person of Endalie Verpoint, he pushed his way through the crowd towards hef with a vigor and energy which prophesied another thirty years at least of healthy life. The young lady followed quite as deter niinedly but with less force of onslaught upon the throng. Then, there came a scene of handshaking and kissing such as is supposed only to happen when young ladies meet who are really fond of one another, and who have not seen each other for some days, at least. Endalie's belongings, together with Endalie and Miss Winnie Theveney, were speedily deposited in the landau which was waiting outside the station, whilst Sir Peter swung himself on to a big chestnut, and was ready to play the part of atten dant equerry. Then the cavalcade jet out for the Rook's Nest, about a mile away. That Endalie Verpoint and Winnie Theveney were two as pretty young ladies as might hae. been found in the Royal Borough that day could not have been de pied by any man who had eyes, nor by any woman, critically disposed though she might have been.. Endalie, dark, with a beauty, .but for her fair skin, of the Southern type, with flashing dark eyes anc curly dark, brown hair, setting off th. most translucent of complexions; a". Winnie, fair, dreamy, blue-eyed, of the tenderest andesweetest Anglo-Saxon type. There was always that in Endalie's eyes which might have made a man afraid of the character that lay behind that hand some face, but that Winnie was as good as she was .pretty might have been read in every feature, in every line. And it was hut natural, when one of these two charm ing young ladies was engaged to be mar ried to a desirable young gentleman, in the person of Mr Christopher Churn, before the end of the month, that the talk of the moment should wander towards millinery and ladies' finery, towards dresses and bonnets and the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie was in her brightest and sprightliest of me -dos. Things had gone very well on the previous night, and she was then journeying towards a fresh hunt ing-ground. All plans hash been most studiously prepared. All the traps were well haited. A tried and trusted confede rate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of the Took's Nest., had measured every inch of the ground, examined every lock" and settled every path of esc-pe. Every emergency had been provided for, and absolutely nothing secemed to be left to chance. Failure itself could not bring detection in its track. And that was to be her last coup-that one danger ever, she had promised herself repsose and the life of an honest woman. Whether the latter woduld prove as in teresting as her present one of eacitemiEnt and crime she knew not, hut for the moment she tonced for it. The thoughts came xnt1 went, black, grey, and white, but the smile never left that handsome face. IUow it affected her friend who sat by her side, in all her love and confidence, in terested hter net. The Rdok'sr n et e as asa pretty place, standing in about ten acres of park-like grounds. It lhad originally been built by tir Peter's grandfather, a director of the East India Company in its most glorious dsrs. It was a roomes conmfortable house, built modestly, and with little view to out ward show, thuough it toasted of some ar tistic pretlensionso in the Gothic windows of the billiardt-roomand tha e litirar. the iron crohll-work which protected the doers and windows, and the stone carvings, and especially in the marble glories of its colonnaded hall. Age had toned down the flAring red of the bricks of which it was mainly built, and a veil ot creeping plants helped in the task. It stood in close proximliy to the open road, from which it was sheltered by a couple of sorer or so of huge and vnerable elms and poplars. The ardens and grounds stretched wayn at the Ibak of the building as far as the eye could r each. The brig.htest of laughter echoed across the soe"- as the landau drove up the rvel path towards the verandah of the dining- room ",Happiness and good cheer tud the comforts of an .E;lia home. And the dove, at that moment, as h - the .awUdto ha; neit as an 