I THE RETURN OF CHRIST. j [By d. l. Moody.] In 2 Timothy, iii., 16, Paul declares " All' Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for instruction in righteousness ;" but there are some people who tell us when we take up Scripture prophecy that it is all very well to be believed, but that there is no use in anyone trying to understand it. They tell us that these future events are things that the Church does not agree about, and that it is better to let them alone, and deal only with those prophecies which have already been fulfilled. But Paul does not talk in that way. He says: "All Scripture is profitable for doctrine." If there people are right he ought to have said: "Some Scripture is profitable; but you can-' not understand the prophecies, as you had better let them alone." If God did not mean us to study the prophecies, He would not have put them into the Bible. Some of them are fulfilled,' and He is at work fulfilling the rest. I do not want to teach anything dogmatically, on my own authority, but to my mind this precious doctrine for such I must call it-of the personal return of the Lord to this earth is taught in the New Testament as clearly as any other doctrine in it; yet I was converted 15 or 16 years before 1 board a sermon on it. There is hardly any church that does not make a great deal of baptism ; but the New Testa- ment only speaks about baptism thirteen times, while it speaks of the return of our Lord fifty times; and yet; the Church has had very little to say about it. Now, I can see a reason for this the devil does not want us to see this truth, for nothing would wake up the. Church so much. The moment a man takes hold of the truth that the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back again to receive His friends to Himself, this world loses its hold upon, him gas stocks, and water stocks, and frocks in banks and in railroads, are of very much less consequence to him then, His heart is free, and he looks for the blessed appearing of his Lord, who at His coming will take him into His blessed kingdom. But how is Hointondingto come We are told how He will come when the disciples stood looking up into heaven at the time of His ascension, there appeared two angels, who said unto them (Acts v" 15), " Yo man of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven shall so come in His manner as ye have seen Him go into heaven:" How did He go up? He took His flesh and bones up with Him. " Look at me ; handle I mo ; give me something to eat : a spirit i has not flesh and bones as ye see me - have I am the identical one whom I they crucified and, laid in the grave. Now I am risen from the dead, and, am going up to heaven." "He is gone the I angels said, " but He will come again just as He went." An angel was sent to announce His birth of the Virgin ; angels sang of His advent in Bethlehem { an angel told the women of His resurrection and two angels told the disciples of His coming again. It is the same testimony in all these cases. I do not know why people should not like to study the Bible, and find out all about this precious doctrine of our - Lord's return. Christ tells to watch for it. If he had said, I will not come back for 2000 years," none of his disciples would have begun to watch for him, but it is the proper attitude of a Christian to be always looking for His Lord's return. He is coming unexpectedly and suddenly. In Matthew xxiv. 27 we have these words, "For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth unto the west, even so shall also the coming of the Son of Man be. And again in the forty-fourth verse, "Therefore be ye also ready for in such an hour as ye think not the son of Mary cometh." Some people say it means death ; but the word of God does not say it means death. Death is our enemy, but our Lord had the keys of death He bus con- quered death, hell, and the grave, and at any moment He may come to set us free from death, and destroy our last enemy for us ; so the proper state for a believer in - Christ is waiting and watching for our Lord's return. In the last chapter of John there is a text that seems to set It this matter. Peter as' the question about John, " Lord, what shall this man do? Jesus said unto him, If I will that be tarry till I come, what is that to to thee? Follow thou Me. Then went this saying abroad among the brethren that that disciple should not die." Here they evidently did not think that the coming of the Lord meant death ; there was a great difference between these two things in their minds. Christ is the Prince of Life ; there is no death where he -as death fleas at His " coming; dead bodies sprang to life when He touched them or spoke to them. His coming is not death ; He is the resurrection and the' life ; when He acts up His kingdom there is to be life for evermore. Some people say, " Oh, you will discourage the young converts if you approach that doctrine ! Well, my friends, that has not been my experience ; I have felt like working three times as hard ever since I came to understand that my Lord was coming back again. I look on this world as a wrecked vessel. body has given me a lifeboat, and said to me, " Moody, save all you can." The Lord will presently come in judgment and burn up this world, but the children of God do not belong to this world ; they are in it, but not of it, like a ship in the water. This world is getting darker and 'darker; its ruin is coming nearer and nearer; if you have any friends on this wreck un- saved, you had better lose no time in getting them off. But some one may say, "Do you then make the grace of God a failure ?" No ; grace is not a failure, but man is. The antediluvian world was a failure ; the Jewish world was a failure a man has been a failure everywhere, when he has had his own way, and been left, to himself. Christ will save His Church, but He will save them finally by taking them out of the world. Look at 2 Peter iii. 3, 4, " There shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lasts,' and saying, Where is the promise of His coming for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation." Go out on the streets of Chicago, and ask men about the return of our Lord, and that is just what they would say, " The Lord draweth His coming '" . Ah, but He has left us a promise that He will come again, and to them who wait for His appearing shall He appear a second time unto salvation. Now let the question go round, " Am I ready to meet, the Lord if He comes ' to-night ?" " Be ye also ready for in such an hour as ye think not the, Son of man cometh." There is another thought I want to call attention to, and that is, that Christ will bring all our friends with Him when He comes. All who have died in the Lord are to be with Him when He comes in the clouds of heaven. " Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign With Him a thousand years." (Rev. xx. 0.) " But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection." (Vor. 5.) The Church is to have a thousand years' reign with Christ before the final judgment, when there shall be new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness Some people [ seem to think that at the coming of Christ everything is to be finished in a few minutes ; but I do not so understand it. The first thing He is to do is to take His Church out of the world. (Sec 1 Thes. iv. Ki, 17.) He calls the Church His bride, and He says He is going to prepare a place for her. We may judge what a glorious place it will be from the length of time. He is" in preparing it, and when the place is ready He will come and take the Church to Himself. Then He will pour out His wrath upon the nations, and will afterwards reign over the earth' fora thousand years. (Rev. xx.) There was a time when I used to mourn that I should not be allvointhe millennium ; but now I expect to be in the millennium. Dean Alford days almost everybody bows to him in the matter of interpretation - that he must insist that this coming of Christ to take His' Church to Himself in the clouds, In I Thessaly. IG, is not the same evening His judging the world at the last day. The Bible tells me to be ready to meet Christ's advent, like the five wise virgins. The trump of God may be sounded, for anything we know, before I finish this sermon. Some of you may shake your heads, and say, " Oil, well, that is too deep for the most of us ; such things ought not to be said before these young- converts ; only the very wisest character:,, such as the ministers and the pro- fessors in the theological seminaries, can understand them." But, my friends, you find that Paul wrote about these things to those young converts among the Theses 'Jordans, and he tells them to comfort one another with those words. Here in the first chapter of 1st Thessalonians Paul says, " Ye turned to God Lorn idols to serve the living and true God and to wait for His Son from heaven, whom be raised from the dead, even Jesus which delivered us from the wrath to come." To wait for His Hon that is the true attitude of every child of God. Paul has something to say about the second coming of Christ in every chapter, (See ii. 10, iii 13, iv. V>, v. 22.) indeed, I have thought this epistle to the Thessalonians might be called the gospel of Christ's coming again. There are three great facts foretold in the word of God? First, the second coming of Christ; that has been fulfilled. Second, the coming of the Holy Ghost; that was fulfilled at Pentecost, and the Church is able to testify to it by its experience of His saving grace. Third, the second coming of our Lord again from heaven for this we are told to watch and wait "till He come." Look at that account of the last hours of Christ with His disciples. Did Christ say to them, " If I go away I will lend death after you to bring you to me;" or "I will send an angel to bring you ?" Not at all. He say " I will come again, and receive you unto Myself." > 