THE DEEMING CASE HOW THE RA1NHILL DISCOVERY WAS MADE. An interesting account appears in The Argus relating how Mr. Lowe, then on the London staff of that journal, at present in Melbourne, discovered the bodies which Deeming buried at Rainhill, in 1891, before leaving for Melbourne with his new wife, Emily Mather. The discovery was the out- come of a cable message from Melbourne to the London office telling it have inquiry made about Williams, as Deeming was called previous to his arrest. This was in March, 1892\. Mr. Lowe was told off by Mr. Townend, the London manager, to take up the wild goose chase. So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of the metropolitan police and the detective depart- ment that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe desired any in- formation he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Superintendent Anderson, but as the cab-horse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe devoted himself to thinking. As a result of his cogitations the cab-horse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and he lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his — the police official in charge. " I fancy this is what you want," said the officer, with a smile, as he spread the " infor- mation sheet" for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry number 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Mel- bourne, on Christmas Eve, 1891. The entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lanca- shire accent, and stayed formerly at Rain- hill. It was signed by Superintendent Shore. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland-yard after a hurried visit to The Argus office in Fleet-street, he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting informa- tion in his pocket, and he had the informa- tion itself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience he omitted the formality of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone steps and along a passage entered Superintendent Shore's private room and introduced himself in person. The superintendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for the address of " Mrs. Williams" in Liverpool. "I know nothing at all about it," said the superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in administering his stock of veracity, "and moreover," he added with engaging frankness, "if I did know, I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight into the super- intendent's eyes. "As you know nothing about the matter," he said, "perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rainhill. He speaks with a strong Lanca- shire accent, and there is a detaild de- scription of him published as the 44th entry in to-day's information sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo. bears your own signa- ture, Superintendent Shore." The superintendent Sprang to his feet. "The man who told you this shall be dismissed from the force," he hissed with an oath. After listening to some sarcasms from Superintendent Shore, Mr. Lowe went back to The Argus office, and learned that Rain- hill was ten miles from Liverpool. He started immediately by train. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightening, and hurry- ing squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm had almost blown itself out, but it was still piercingly cold, the air was thick and obaque, and the half-seen sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in hand. It was fitting weather for following up the death-trail. The first the first person he interviewed at Rainhill was Higham, the postman. As he walked down down the street with old Higham, there appeared upon the scene young Higham, a stripling of 18 who assisted his father with the delivery of the mails. "Feyther." said the boy, speaking in the long, liquid Lancashire drawl, "doisnt 'e moind thot theer Williams as coom'd to Rainhill last 'arvest-toime. Mayhap 'e wur the feller. 'Im's married Emmie Mather 'an took 'er off to Chaney?" "Ay, ay, sewrley," the old man responded "I moind' im well, ma lad. 'E rented Dom- ham-villa from Mrs. Hayes, an' Ben Young cemented tha kitching floor fur 'im. Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary exclamation of surprised delight. " When did you say he married her, my lad ?" he said. " Last 'arvest-toime," replied the lad, " oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo loike. But 'ere cooms Joe Pickering, 'e married Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can tell you moor o' Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young carpenter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recol- lected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham-villa when the cementing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, in which Williams said that "dear Emily was quite happy, and in the best of health." The letter was dated some time in January. Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Picker- ing, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse-hair sofa and arm-chair, its cheap German prints on the walls, and ifs (sic) square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathe- matically in the centre. It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinham- villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view the property had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when he came for the key he met Emily, he fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once pro- posed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa, in the kitchen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allow- ing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free-handed, well-spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. Next morning, The Argus, away on the other side of the globe, published an inter- view, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian jou nalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, col- lecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstan- tial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement, of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister or, more probably, the wife of Wil- liams, who had visited him at Rainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his cal- culations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no trace of her where- abouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid ontil they were avenged. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented, the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham-villa under instructions from Williams. " Where did yon get the cement from, Ben ?" was the first eager question. " It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coach-house accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contained cement. " Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said Ben Young. " How much did you use then ? For Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his thoughts deliber- ately. "A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with irritating slow- ness. " A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoora got tha job." Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain. " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once con- cluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chip- chase laid the facts before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dingham-villa under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calcu- lations which that far-sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his Dark Tower came. Foot sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhuma- tion. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they same upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to The Argus in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instruc- tions he sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instru- mental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the store of the Rainhill murders was published in The Argus alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southem Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. " Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next day, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. "Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in Eng- land for many years. ACCORDING to the Pall Mall Magazine, Lord Kelvin, wherever he goes, carries in his coat-tail pocket a "little green book," in which, when not otherwise occupied, he jots down " pages of mathematical demonstra- tion which would be the despair of most men who are accounted clever in three lines." Thus on railway journeys, or when driving in his carriage, or when waiting per- haps for some friend to make ready to ac- company him on a drive or a walk, he will whip out the "little green book," and work with assiduous content. "It is literally true," the writer adds, "that he is never idle except when is asleep. 