Books for the People. Meston'e “Geographic History of Queensland.” Some books are organic. You feel that if you were to divide them in two they would bleed. Other books are a mechanical con- glomeration of inorganic elements. If divided into a hundred parts each parrt Would remain intact and unimpaired. The “Geographic History of Queensland” belongs to the latter category. This work is neither a history nor a geography. It is neither a text book nor a book of reference. In some respects it is everything ; in other respects it is nothing. It is everything inasmuch as it contains an enormous number of facts relating to Queens- land ; it is nothing inasmuch as the facts are presented without any Sense of proportion, and without any attempt to organise them into a living and organic whole. Professor Clifford once denned science as organised knowledge. If the definition is a correct one, Mr. Meston's book is one of the most unscientific ever pub- lished. But despite its unscientific character the book is in many respects a valuable one. It contains a large amount of information which perhaps nobody could have collected but Archibald Meston. Who but Archibald Meston would place on deathless record the fact that an aboriginal threw a cricket ball at Clermont 146 yards on the 2nd day of January, 1872? * * With loving care Mr. Meston has collected thousands of curious facts which but for him might have remained forever in the silent depths of oblivion. He is more an antiquarian than a scientist or a historian. He is the Captain Grose of Queensland. One might almost say of him what Burns said of Grose : Of Eve's first fire he had a cinder, Auld Tubal Cain'e fire- school and lender, That which distinguished the gender O' Balaam's ass; The broomstick o' the Witch of Endor Weel shod wi' brass. Mr. Meston has the defects of his qualities, but in his own special line he stands supreme. The book is a strange mixture of dry facts and eloquenoo. Sometimes we have pages of dry scientific nomenclature without any at tempt to explain them to the general reader, and sometimes wo have pages of the most flowery eloquence ever written by the pen of man. After a page or two, dealing in a jaunty manner with the Pscphotos pulcherrimus, the Pitta strepitaus, the Aquila audax and other things we come upon a passage like the follow-. ing; “Eternity is throned there on these dark rocks among the wild whirlwind of waters, and speaks to you in solemn tones of the Past and Present and the Evermore. “ Now I humbly confess that that passage is too much for me. I cannot represent, in imagination, Eternity (with a capital E) throned on dark rocks, or on rocks of any kind. I cannot imagine Eternity speaking in solemn tones of the Past, the Present and the Evermore— all with capital letters, by the way. Eternity and Evermore are synonymous terms. If, therefore. Eternity is in the habit of talking about the Evermore, Eternity is exceedingly egotistic and ought to be ashamed of itself. In his description of Queensland scenery Mr. Meeton is frequently sublime. But he evidently forgets that there is only a step from the sublime to the ridicu- lous, and he sometimes takes the step. * * * In spite, however, of its undoubted defects, the book has much to recommend it It is a perfect mine of information. No doubt, as the author admits, the information is “ largely scattered, like gold in an alluvial field.” But it is there, and it exists in larger quantity than in any other book on the subject. The history of Queensland has yet to be written ; indeed it has yet to be made. But the future historians of this young nation will owe a debt of grati- tude the brilliant, and in some respects unique, author of the Geographic History of Queens land. * * * The following passage id a fair sample of Mr. Meston’s eloquence at its best : SCENE FROM THE SUMMIT OF BARTLE FRERE “Human voice or pen cm give but a faint idea of the abysmal gloom of that tremendous solitude. We were surrounded by a world of clouds, even the rocks within a hundred yards above and below us but faintly seen like tomb stones in the morning mists. Never before did I experience the same sensations. Rising over all was man's sense of his own unspeak able insignificance. It seemed as if I had been suddenly ushered, like Ulysses, into the realms of death, Where side by side along the dreary coast, Advanced Achilles' and Patroclus’ ghost. In fancy the spectral clouds assumed the shape of some Tiresias rising from the awful shades. The lighter mists were driven by the winds swiftly along dismal avenues of enormous vapours, moving slowly onward, black as night -^and-silent as tho voiooloaa grave. — Imagination - pictured the solemn phantoms of departed ages stalking gloomily along through colon nades of majestic clouds, ll'he pale kingdoms marshalled their mournful ghosts. Onoe only, and for a few brief seconds, did we behold the dark form of Wooroonooran, through a wind divided chasm of rolling clouds, apparently far above us, a vast black shape revealing itself, and disappearing again in the realms of gloom. And onoe only did the clouds lift like a mighty curtain from the mountains to the north, displaying gigantic shadows resting in the umbrage of the peaks, and myriad columns of snow-white vapours shooting upwards from the ravines below, as if we stood over the abode of Lucifer, and in the nether depths ? All-bell unloosed Its mounaed oceans of tempestuous flte. ? And then the sunlight came with all the varied gloiies of the dawn, and clouds became ' red.^yeliowror 'ethBiially i)alB;'^nd-radiant rainbows spanned with their curving splendours the many-hued abyss ; and for a few moments we stood the centre of a hundred suneetp, lost in the magnificence of all the Bplendid -shapes and colours .of the wondrous God-created dome which overarches this mysterious earth.' * * * The book is well printed, well-bound, con tains upwards of 200 pages, and is to be sold -.ati-ik-tid, — AH who are interested in the genesis of Queensland, in its geological forma tions, its geographicaLdivisious, its plantB and animals .; in the strange manner and customs ?of its aborigines; in the origin and develop llibbt uf Llit) jJimbbrul industry ; jij l-heJi*-ui-very~ and extension of our golduelds ; and indeed in everything that a patriotic Queenslander ought to know, will find the Geographical History of Queensland a veritable encyclopaedia. Prometheus. Henry George's ' Progress and Poverty' is now being read by ,the cheeky little Japs in their, own language. Hon. A. J. Thynne who is manager of the Ministerial show which is now touring the bush districts had his eye to business when Governor Norman was induced to travel with the company, aB without him there would be very poor houses.' A governor is suoh a novelty — oat-taat^yay that the people come to see the show if only out of curiosity. Governor Norman deserves a better fate than to be travelling with suoh a troupe. 