SIR JENKEST COLES AT EAPUNDA. THE WORK OF PARLIAMENT. THE PASTORAL QUESTION. Tho Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles, Speaker of the House of Assembly, addressed his coneti tuonts iu tho Institute Hall, Kapunda, on Friday evening, April 19. Notwithstanding tue inclement vreatner tne acctncance was large. The Mayor of Kapuuda (Mr. \V. Thomas) presided. Sir Jenkin Cules, received with ohoers, ,eaid : — 1 thank you for the reception 'tim*- jvm k.ya given me to-night. Idonnfc think there -? atiyt'iinj? more gratifying to a representative than to know 'that although Borne of his constituents mny difler with him politiually they entertain for him feelings of esteem and respect. This is thu tint) time that you have asked me to address you during re cess.' Hitherto it has not been tho practice for members to address their constituent!) during recess; but having regard to the present and future position of South Australia, finan cially and otherwise, I am not surprised that you have thought it desirable to ask me to express my opinion on the legislation of lasts session and tho prospects of iho future. I ain not hero as a party politician for tho purpose of_ either condemning or supporting the Ministry or tho Opposition. I foel that the members of the Government are beyond ali question abl9 men, who ore honestly anxious to do the beat they can for the country. At the same tiino I disagree with many of. their proposals, and it is for the purpose of explain ing in what rospectB I differ from them, and in compliaucB with the request I received from this part of the district, that I address you to-night. PERSONAL. Bub there i'b a personal matter to which I must first refer. Tlie rumour has been pretty freely circulated in this town and elsewhere that I was not only aa applicant for, but thai thsro w.vs a probability of my _ being appointed to the position of Chairman of the Ilailway Board. I asBiire you there is not one atom of truth in the sug gestion. (Cheers.) I uover thought of such a thiupr. I would not accept the poaitiou if it were offered to rao to-ninrrow, and I have no desire or intention of snvoring my connection with the Listrict of Light unsil death or dismissal necessitates it. (Cheers.) I ask you toaccopt that statement, and to pay no attention whatever to tnttlo of this oharacter. ADULT SUFFRAGE. Referring to pome of tho most important measures passed laao session, L do not think Buy measure submitted to the Lej?io!ature lasn year is of greater importance' than the Adult autlmgo Bill. Ever eince I have had ihe honour of_ being your representativo I havo opposed the extension of tho franchise to women for reasons which I have from time to time explained. (Cheer*.) A very oelobmtud author onoo said, *? Commumi mo to the man who goea wron? iu a way that) is his own rather than to him who walks correctly in a way that is not.' I may havo beon wrong, bun I believed I waa right in opposing tho Woman's Franchise Bill, as all events until the men nud women of thia colony had had the question put directly to them—' Do you wish the franchise extended to women?'— (cheers)— and therefore when Mr. Gruingcr moved a motion to that effect I supported him. However, the Bill hw passed, aud I earnestly flsk every woman not only to bod that her name is placed on tho aleotoral roll, but to exercise the right that his beou conferred upou her. I noticed in both the daily papers n short timo Biuce a paragraph sufife-esting that the wivns of naturalized Germans should apply for lettors of naturali zation. The inference is that if they do not apply and are nod naturalized they cannot claim enrolment us voters. Any such infe rence is entirely wrong. There 13 no necessity whatever for tho wife of any naturalized German to become naturalized heraelf, for the naturalization of tho husband carvioa with it the naturalization of thu wife. I make that statement ua the authority of a very promi n«nb raninber ot tha lt-gal profession, who nay*, 'I confess that 1 am much .surprised at tho suggestion in both pap»r« this morning that tho wives of naturalised fierm&ns; should also apply for letters of naturalization. I do not heaitiite to aJtert that tho Aliens Aot is altogether inapplicable to tho naturalization of married women. Tho context of the Act, tho petition, and tho principles of international Jaw aro all againsS wtioh nn interpretation.' This opinion i* ondorso j by overy other qentle man of tho lt^nl profession whom I have consulted. Under auy circumstances let every woman at tho least apply to have her namu placed on the roll, and let tho responsi bility of 'rejecting her rest with tho Returning Ofh'cer. (Cheers.) TAXATION. Iii connection with the Taxation Act Amendment Bill I have bt-en accused of vating for the ir.oreaeed or progressive land tax, as it is called, but there is not an atom of truth in the accusation. All Bills re lating to taxation must be founded upi!i certnin resolution* in Committee, and becati-j,) I did not ohooso to vote against tho preliminary resolution?, and _thu» prevent tha CSovernment from bringing in a Bill with a very comiderable portion of which 1 agreed, I was accused of not voting at all, and thua disenfranohifiing my diatriot. But when tho Bill was bi-foro Parliament— and that is the tima when you have to say ye* or nay— I opposed, m I scid I would, any and every in cr.'3s« m tlie bnd tax. Tho Bill provided for: — 1. An ft:lilit!on»l land tax of one halfpenny »o-VrZpo]lnd 8t'!inif exceeding the amouni of £0,000 of the total »ss6s«ed unimproved value of a 1 Und owned by any party. 2. An a^eaAeeinnd tax o! 20 per oentum on and added to the amount of land tas and additional land tax payable in re»y«ot of land owned by absentees. 3. Income tax at tha following rates, in lieu of the rates of income tax hereto fore in force:— (a) Oil all income derived from personal exertion at the rate of -i Jd. for every pound Bterling of tho tuxuble amount thereof, up to end inclusive of thu sum of £8UO, and at the rate of Gd. for overy pound starling of such amount above the said sum of £800. (6) On all income consissiug of tho produce of property at the rate of Dd. for every pound sterling of tho taxable amount thereof, up to and inclusive of the Bum of £8(K-, and at the rate of la. for every pound sterling of such amount abovo the said sum of £800. Not half a dozen people in the whole of Light would be affected by this halfpenny in the pound increase- in the land tax, because it applies to land exceeding £5,000 in value. I do not regrei tho vote I gavo on the absented tax, which I uaid at thu last elections I would support. Pooplo talk nonaantfe wiien th&y; say wo aro going to drive cupiial out of tho colony as the result of thia absentee tax. The total sum which the Government expect to got is only £5,000 a year, and if that is to bo the slender thread upon which the prosperity of South Australia hangs the sooner the thread 18 broken the botter. I told you a a the last elections that 1 was decidedly in favour of an increased income tax in the event cf there being any necessity for increased taxa tion. I have always looked upon the income tax as one cf tho fairest taxes imaginable. Tho records of 'Hansard' will show thct I havo not broken any pledge given on tha hustings. (Cheers.) THE CONCILIATION ACT. As to the Conciliation Bill, all honour is due to tho author, the Hon. C. C. Kingston, for hiB honest attempt to bring about conciliation aud prevent the possibility of strikes with their attendant hurrors. (Cheers.) But if the Conciliation Aot ia to be interpreted to mean that a man who tiuds himsulf unable to pay a certain rate of wage, and informs his employes accordingly, is to be liable to be summoned to the Supremo Court and have an investigation cf his private atlairs mado known to the world, tho sooner that Act ia amended in that rospact the better. (Cheers.) While every one would do every thing he possibly could to settle differences between employers and employes few would place a man or auy body of men in tho posi tion referred to. I was very glad to notice that tlie Conciliation Board in connection with Mr. Duwie'a disputo adopted a mosS proper nnd conciliatory course— that although id appears they had the power to compel Mr. Dowio'a appuarnnco before them and examine him r.nti his books they did not exercise it; but if they havo such a powar — and it seems, according to v/hat ha3 transpired reeuutl}', th6y have— tho Bill niu?,5 bB amended. I have nlwavfi held that the cost) of government in thia colony is altogether tno great, and I say so still. Under tho Public. Salaries Bill the salniiort of public servnut3 havo baen very materially roducod, uud to the great credit of all be it said thwy have eunsua'A'd to the reduction without a murmur. THE LAKE B'.INNKY SCHEME. As to tliH Lnko Bonayy Hotclnmeut scheme, my old friend Mr. Giyun took very active steps when in Parliament towards utilization of tho waters of Lako Bonuey, and so far aa I was able I assisted him. 1 do not hesitate to naj that had Mr. Glynn's proposal beau given eituot to ft larRH, population would be at this time at work on tho shores of Lako Bonney. (Cheers.) Tho Government introduce'! au entirely different sehi-riie, and whilo I did not think ic likn'y to be mcci'Mful I was hopeful that it might) he. There ara to ba a certain number of paying settlers, who miuti dewosic a sum before tho Government start tho'work. That is a vpry proper precaution to take, but I at onciu saw that ic ivas going to bo tho Btumbling-block, bscausn my experience Iiaa taught mo an lonp aa tho Government am willing to find money for everything nnd everybody the peuplu interested are satisfied, but as soon B3 peoiilo are aaked to put dowa anything themselves objection ia raised. (Lauehtor.) I hops tho work will not be begun until some tjunrnnteeis given that those engaged in it will stick to if; and carry it to a flnocpssful issue, and I eeo :io bettor way of obtaining this puarantes than by asking for n deposit. It that deposit ia not forthcoming the Rchanu', bo far as I am oonceriied, must fall through. I do not abandon hope of a settlement baing formed a1; Lake Bonuey, but it must be ou lines altogether different to those suggested in the Act. RKCIVKOCITY. As to the proposed reciprocity treaty with New Zwaland for the exchange) of natural pro duct?, I lind amongst my constituents theru is very considerable difference of opinion aa to whether thia treaty should be ratified by Par liament ; but I am disposed to think that the majority are of opinion that n trtj.ity of this kind would impede th« possibility of inter colonial ft(,a trade. They feel it io scarcely fair that the growers of wmo aud dried fruits should bs singlod out for special advantage and that tho growers of birloy ehou'.d be crushed aa the result ot it. A: present, there foro, I am not prepared to nay what course I shall adopt when Parliament meets, but what ever the South Australian Parliament may do 1 do not think there is a ghost of a chance of the I^ow Zealand Parliament ajrraeing to it. Tha Now Zealand Jhrald writes :— ' Our Australian coutempor»rie3 continue to ngitate them-.-lves greatly over the commercial re ciprocity treaty between New Ze.iland and and South Australia, which 2»lr. Ward waa able to fix up with Mr. Kingston before his departure for London. But wo cannot help thinking they are exercising them selves unnecesarily. The ' treaty'— it is a misnomer to designate it- as Mich, but it is not worth whilo quibbling over verbal niceties ? h:w no more ohance of brjing ratified by the Parliament of New Zealand than Mr. Ward has of becoming Chancellor of the Exchequer ; indeed, not so rauoh, for all things are posuble to youth and audacity. It has failed to raise the faintest flatter of a popular breeze. In truth wo kuow of no proposal emanating from our eminently proposing Government which baa fallen with auuh Biofeeninp flatness. Neither in the North Island, which does not bunufo by the bug gestsd arrangement, nor ic tho South Island, which does to Home sinsll extunt, haa it been received with favour. It is everywhere re garded as t- foolish aud vain thing, and has been quietly dropped into interplanetary space by the Frees and politicians, and nothing more is likely to bo heard of it until it received its final quietus iu Parliament. Our journa listic brethren of Melbourne may theraforo take htart of grace and go on their way rejoic ing.' If that is the view in New Zealand there is not much uae of our bothering our selves about it. (Hear, hear.) l'ASTOHAL. First amongst the Bilk that were introduced last session but did not become Idw is the Pastoral Hill, which I loo!: upon as 0110 of tho moat, important measures introduced by the Government last session. I fels it my duty to oppose that; portion of tho Bill which india criminateiy iucluded tho country known as the 1SSS lease country. It waa proposed to allow holders of this country to surrender their loaaes with a view to obtaining certain concessions, and I moved thia amendment, which was accepted by tho Government and carried — 'That no surrender notice shall be of any efloct unless (1) the same shall be received by the Commissioner before the 1st June, 1895 ; and unless (2) tho Commissioner shall within three months after the receipt of the surrender notica direct the valuation pur suant to section 15 ; and (3) until two months shall hftvo blapeed after particulars of the surrender notice, showing the reason therefor, together with a copy of the valuation provided by section 10, and particulars of all umouuts paid by thu Crotvu for improvements on tho land affected shall have been laid before both Houses of Parliament without either House pafisicg a resolution disapprov ing of tho proponed surrender.' I do nos'wish it for one moment to bo thought that I am in any aunae of thu word antagonistic to the pastoral interest. I am perfectly willing, as I always have been, to give them anything to which tiiey aro fairly and justly entitled. Indead, I happened to be the Commissioner of Crown Lftud« who in 1884 introduced, and wan BucceEsful in carrying through Parliament, tho P&storal; Lands Act, which I thiak wan about tlie most liberal on tho face of tho earth. But there is a limit beyond which State liberality cannot go, and, so far as pastoral masters are. concerned, that limit was reached in the AeO to which I havo alluded ; and it v;aa because I folc this, and bocausu I felt that before any furthor conces9ion« were granted to the gsntlemeu to whom so much hud already beea given Puriinintnt and tho publio should know whr»t was beJB£ done. (Chuern. ) Tho pastoral queniou iu not a generally attractive one. Few havo the laieure, and fewer etill the inclination, to make a utuciy of it, end it ia lor the purpose of making ray position ou the question better understood that I purpose goiuflr at hoiho length into tho subject, iiofore 1851 pastoral lice- nets wore issued, but in 1S51 pastoral ieases wore granted, and undor the Aot then pp.Mtd about I(i,o00 square miles were let a; ::n avurngi* rental of lls. tjd. per mile. Ic wa3 uos lonsr before an cgitation was raiatd for concessions from the Government. I havo taken the trouble — to mo it has been a mosS interesting task — during tha last fov. days to wuile through every Aot of Parliament dealing with pastoral lands sinco 1851\. As tho rosvlit of thy ugitatiou subse quent to 1851 Parliament pabsed in 1853 an Act alt&riucr; the conditions uf pastoral lea^o-* in favour of ihosu who hnld th«-m. Iu 1S57 another Bill wns passed. In 185S two Acts were pasird in tho same session. Tn I£li2 another 15:11 bocamo law, aud in 1SW, lSti5, and IStSit Acts wero passed, all with t, view to grauliu^ iv.tvfl.ssiuns or remissions to pastors lists. In IStiiia lv.'!:iii-- iiou of Rents Act was pasasd, [jrainine uurtaiu remissions to pastora lists according to tho class of country which they hold, and if anythiuR i3 to ba done ats present with the vio.w of insisting those who rtally doservo relief some suoh measure as the Remission of I!--nM Aot mijrht bo introduced. From 18i)l! to 1S70 Aora wero passed granting further concessions. In !Sti7 among other thin^a leases iu Class C were renewed for twenty-onn year?, nnd these leases falling due in 1-SS3 forme/l portion of th« country knmva as the 1SSS lessee. In 1872, 1ST', nnd 187S— in eacli year fresh legislation was introdnood, so that there ia really no ground for accusing the Legisla ture of want of sympathy with the pastoral lnterbi-t. I admit that many of the BiIIb Par liament passed did noc fulfil tha expectations of thc.9 who introduced them — one can always ba wise after the event — bus during thn time mentioned sixteen or seventeen Acts of Par liament wero pa=sed with a view to Framing concessions or remissions to piv3toral lessee a ; inrto-=d, tha history of pastoral legislation phows onu series of concessions and remianions. I do not eay that they ware not required, nor that tin psstoralists received more than they (iescrved, but I do eay that Parliament has had and always will have the desire to assies tho pastoral industry so far as it reasonably can. These sixteen or seventeen Acts culminated in thu Act intro duced by myself in ISS-i as a member of the Coltoa Government. Under the 1SS-1 Act pnstorr.l lands were divided into three classes. Class 1 was the country leases of vrhioh ex pired in 1SSS, no very material alteration being made in the conditions under which the land w»s held. They were entitled nnder the existing lfliwM to be paid for water improve ments and other improvements, in cases where the country had benn resumed. In Clacs 2 country, that is the cnuntry then leased out side of C1.-M8 1, wu granted payment for all im provements in addition to compensation if the country was resumed prior to the expiry of the lease, so that pastoralists could 'not pouibljr Ion anything. In Class 3, that is oountry at that time unlet, we gave them a thirty-five years' lease at a rental of 2a. 6d. a square mile for the firet fourteen years, and m valuation for every subsequent; seven yews. Vfo agreed to pay thorn for every penny they laid out ou their runs in tho way of improve ments, and compensation for the loos of the lease if tho country were resumed. Do you think it is poseiblo for liberality to e;o further than that? ('Too far.') It may have becc, but it is utterly impossible ior liberalby to go further. ('It waa s. squatters' Govern ment then.') I do not eeo how you could call my friead the Hon. Thomas Playford a member of a squatters' Government, for it was snid his antipathy oozed out of evory pore of his skin— (laughter)— nor do I know that you could eay my rciipoctod friend Sir John Colton was a member of a squatters' Govern ment ; nor how it could be said that I was. If people would not take up oountry on Buch terms aa I have mentioned, what terms under heaven would inJuco chew? ('Give it to them for nothing.') Then they would not take it up. V/ith tho present price of wool I ques tion if any one if they had tho land for nothing would take it up. It is indeed difficult to say what business or occupation pays just now. I uin glad to sco my friend the Bon. John Warren present, because whea I have any thing to eay about any cno I always like to say it in the hearing of the pereon straightout. Mr. Warren t-9ks me to explain why thia 1884 Bill was introduced, and why tho Government of which I was a member suggoated that! tho Government) should pay for improvements instead of the incoming tenant. The Bill of 1884 was introduced a3 the result of the agita tion that wa» got up at that particular time aud previous to it, tho agitation culminating in a. petition signed by 558 parsons, pastoralistsand others, and presented to Parliament. The petition Buid tlinb unless further concessions were granted the pastoral industry would suffer disaster, &ud; the country would bB practically deserted. I have a copy of the petition here, and do not wish to say one word that I cannot, I think, sub stantiate, because I have found tho longer a man is in publio life the more careful ho has to be of his utteradces. (Laughter.) Tho petition amongst other things says -'There are pastoral lands not far distant which have been held for a longer time, and which the occupiers have ceaEed im proving years ago because of the insecurity of tenure, and will not now improve because of tho noarneaa of expiry of thoir leases, but which, if largely improved at considerable ex punae, would become very valuable to the Stita.' I thought the sarao tlieu, and I do not know that I havo ultorcd my opinion in that respect. Anoshor olau.su of the petition says— 'There are other t-peoial reasons for this stagnation in pastoral pursuit*, and ic is net caused only by the diilieulties attendant upon opening up tho country ; and your memorialists believe, that liberal loaislatibn, giving increased security of tenure, with compensation for all substantial improvements, will impart coniidenee to the Iesse39 of Crown lands, and e.ucours£O them to proceed vigorously in the development of the, laud, aud that io will induce others to occupy country which otherwise, will remain as is ia at present, yielding nothing. ' Another seutiou of tho memorial says: — 'If tho im provements or atot'kin;; be uj; earned out the kiho to be forfeited and oifnred at publio auction. Original lessen to be. allowed to compete ngaiti. Permanent improvements to bo valued r.ud paid for by incoming and allowed to outgoing lessen.' Il ia al»o statod 'iu fixing valuation as to rental, or compensa tion forimprovemeut3,orloiaof lo.\se, Govern ment to appoint a valuator ; Ie33co to have the richt of doing thesamu; and intheevouc of their being uuublo to iiKreei ckfen to bo referred to the Judge of thn Supreme CourS.' Tha deputation presenting tho maoiorial firao waited upon my predecessor in ofiioa (Mr. Catt), who wtnt out of ofiico shortly :titer w.irdi'. Tbnn the Colton Government came iuto power, and with the exception of ono or two things the Bill of 18S4 embodied all that tha 058 people — among whom wpre eomo of our prominent pastoralista— asked for. We did no: allow improvements to be paid for by the incoming lessee and allowed to tho outgoing le*c&e;, nor did we allow the JudKe of thu Supreme. Court to interfere in tho fixing of Crown rents, became it was very properly fe!t that tho Crown wa» cjuito capable of niannf;iap iu own busineaa. ,The landlord did net ask any one else to fix the real, und t'nao is the precise position whioh tho Government took at that time. The Bill was introduced at the request of thopastoralists thiuuselve--, a:td pasrf-d through the Lsf islativo Council without ft murmur from ono of them. A* to Mr. W&rron;'a gecoud question, if the J]:n.te had insisted upon the incoming tenant paying for improvements, which amounted in these 18SS lunds to over half a million of money, i: would havo meant the lauds practically remaining for ever in tho hands of tha then Icpekcs on any terms they thought proper, because who in Snu'h Australia outside those who occupied the country were in a position to put down £500,000 cash tor the purpose ot taking up these lands ? I cannot do better than quote the reason Riven by tho Hon. R. C. Bukor as to why thfl Government took the position they did. This resected gentleman, who ia now President of tha Legislative Council, eaid — 'It would moan giving the pre sent tenants au absolute monopoly of their leases on their own twns.' Surely Mr. Warren would admit Mr. Bak&r;'a opinion carried weight. There was no possibility of there boing any bid for the leases if we insisted upon tho incoming men putting down in the aggregate £500,000. We borrowed ths money at 3i per per cent., and oharged the tenants 5 per cent, interest on the value of the improvements, so that after all it was not such a bad bargain for the State. Tho improvement* depreciated, but it gave the people who had not large capital an opportunity to get a portion of the country which had been in the hands of some of the then holders for thirty-six years. My prin cipal objection to tho Pastoral Bill of last year was the indiscriminate inclusion of the 1S88 lease*, whioh comprise land a considerable portion of whioh baa been under pastoral occupation from the earliest days of pastoral settlement;, the renewed leasea of which ex pired ia 1SS8. My objection was thaO the present tenante, who in tb.9 majority of cases wore the previous tenants, have, acoording to the Surveyor-General's report, already I receivod concessions to an extent equal to ono ? third of the total rent received from thero, in addition to being paid in cash a Bum of £402,190 5s. 4d. for iniproveiaeuts, of whioh they are now iu posgeseion. Another reason why I objected to their indiscriminate conclusion was that those who purchased tho land in 1S83 at auotion had had the mo of it in same cases thirty-ttix j'oare, and therefore had a full knowledge of tho character of the country, and if they made a bad bargain they ought to put up with the eonsequeneaa. Dealing with tho lands in the manner suggested in the Bill also meant an absolutely unwarrantable loss to the publio revenue and the permanent locking- up of lands, portion of which would be required for subdivision and other purposes. Not loug eince there was a newspaper controversy in a friendly spirit between Mr. Warren and myself, in which Mr. Warren led the public to believe that the pastoralists had not been fairly dealt with, and that at all events the firm of Hogarth and Warren had not received any benefit as the result of pastoral legislation. Mr. Warren, in one of his letters, &ays; — 'Sir Jenkin refers to Hogarth & Warren bb sharers in the ' nume rous concessions' given to the 18S8 lessees. They have only had an interest iu one lease— 330 miles north from Por! Augusta— and this they purchased since 18C7 from the original lessees, who purchased a right to a lease in November, 1862. Will 8ir Jenkin explain how he can cram thirty-seven years in be-, tweeu January 1, 18G3, and January 1, ISS'.I 'I Iiogarth & Warren expeuded over £1,500 in improvements on that) lease, but none under the Aot of 1834, which they looked on as a trap. The Government paid them £307 7«. 9d. for these improvements. Where do the concessions to Hogarth & Warren come in 1' I feel it my duty to tell you where they come in. I have satisfied myself as to the correct ness of every statement I make. It w * etratiRH coincidence that the late respected Mr. Hogarth, who was a partner of Mr. Warren, wan a member of the Legislature when this 1S84 Bill was pasted, and if this Aot wan the trap which Mr. Warren asks you to believe was it uot strange bis partner did not raif-e his voico agftinsa it? No Bill on record ever passed the Legislative Council with such rapidity. There wa9 not a division in tho Legislative Council. As an illustration of the benefits that thu firm referred to have received I cannot do better than giv« you the history of the Strangw?.ys Springs lluu. This is but illustrative of scores of otli2r cases where pastoralists have recoived concessions, and illustrates what we may expect from tha Pitetoral Board should they have the opportunity of further dealing with tho publio estate. A little more than nix years ago one Pastoral Board waa appointed to examino this identical 1KS8 leased country, the coab of which, including survoys, printing, advertising, die, waa over £20,000. (Whiao ling and other exclamations of surprise). Tha Scrangways Springs Run country was originally discovered by Major War burton, and gold to Mr. If. K. Hughes on June 2, 1859, thirty-six years ago, with an area of 300 square miles, at a rental of £157 10a. per annum. The land was surrendered and reoffered at auction on Novembtr 27, 1.SC2, and was purchased by Mr. Julius Ji-ffr»»y at £2S5 Is. fid., or 10s. Cd. per pquare mile per annum, the up.sst price being 10a. por mile, the term of tho lease being fom teen years from January 1 for a total area of 043 rquare miles. This lease was transferred to Metnr?. Hogarth and Warren iu July, lffi?— twenty-eight years — and was surrendered under the Act of lSu'7, tho new lease bein^ issued for n term of twenty one years from December 31, 1807, f-xpiring on December 31, 1888, at a rental of L'». Cd. per square mile and assessment on stcck. (' Shame.') The Surveyor-General saye that the avarapa rent including assessment on stock paid in roaptct to thia lease was 1'74 53. 2(1., or about 2s. £.^d. per mile. That included everything. I» not this a concession ? Any unprejudiced man would say that tboro was a little difference ketwr.cn tho two figures, and if such a rtduo tion were made iu our case we would oon3idor is a very substantial one. Messrs. IIogr.rth and Warron held this land until ISSS. From 1SS4 to 1SS8 considerable pressure was brought to bear on the Government to renew these 1S8S Iease3 without th«ir being submitted to publio competition. In 1S^ the lands weri offered by auction. Tho prico bid by Hogarth and Warren waa £1 5a. Gd. per mile, or a total rental of £oS7 4s. 6d. — this includes interest at 5 per cent, on the Talue of tho improve ment', which would amount to £40 per year — for country which they h«d previously occu pied for £74. Tlie only inference is that they must have bad a good time while they held the land at 12a. Sjd. per miln. (Laughter.) The lease was eubwquently transferred to Hogarth Brothers — I don't know why— atid held by Hogarth Brothers until surrendered on September 14, 1893. Under the Act of 1893 the present Pastoral Buard dealt with this identical country, and in cluded fifty more miles, allotting it to Messrs. Hogarth & Warren at a rental of 5s. per mile in lieu of £1 5a. Gd. whioh they agreed to givo on a twenty-one years' lease from July 1, 1S-!S ; while the improvements, valued at £SS4 ll». wbnn the Government had to do with them in 1SS8, wore revalued a- short time since by the Paitoral Board as £4 S3, and are being purchased by Messrs. Hogarth and Warren at that figure in instalments extend ing over forty-two years. (Laughter and 'Oh.') How much more do they want? The Surveyor - General says:— 'The land comprised in this leaxo is abundantly watered by mound springs, some of which are fairly fresb.' The present rental is just half that a» which the Strangwaya Spring* Ran was let thirty - six yean ago, Whea carUge, accordicg to Mr. W«rran't letter, was from £12 to £50 a ton. We have made a railway through the run at the publio expanie, and cartage now is only £3 13a. 4d. a ton, while the rent of the land is 5s. per mile. If tbat is not wasting tbe public estate I don't know what it is. (Hear, hear. 'Rob- bery. ) I am making these statements out of no unfriendly feeling, but because I realize it is timo the publio knew the truth. (Cheers.) We are told tbat unless we have pastoral legislation of tbe character introduced last year more land will be thrown up, and we are told that it is being abandoned right nnd left in an unprecedented manner. At tho Australian Natives' Association, when Mr. Gillen delivered a most able and excel lent addrese, I said that we had had so much fiction in reference to pastoral matters that it was time we bad some facts. What are the facts? I have had the figures taken out from 1880 vp to December 31, 1894, and find that during that period we have had cancelled or surrendered leases and preferen tial right olaims of 140,428 square miles. Last year we mrrendered 10,431 square miles— about the average quantity of laud that has been surrendered yearly during the last four teen years ; and whea you are dealing with huge areas yon must cxpeot that from time to time a considerable portion will ba thrown up. Out of last year's araa only S40 square miles formed a portion of the 1S8S leases. I am aware that since December we have had the Pandurra Run thrown up, and that Mr. Dutton has thiown up Callana. The lessees of Fandurra since asked tbe Government to ravive portion of their lease when they fonnd the fuss and fury waa over. The portion they asked for has been revived. In the case of P&ndurra; I have nob the slightest sympathy with the lessee. That run was previously occupied by Mr. George Downer— and there is no one in South Australia for whom I have greater respect than that gentleman — who bid very nearly up to the price at which it wa3 knooked down to the Messrs. Morphatt. Messrs. Morphett found they could not carry it on, and conse quently a portion o: tho run has been surren dered. From 1S84 to 1S8G, the time when the most liberal legislation was introduced, we had more pastoral land surrendered than we have had sinoe. In 18S4 16,443 square miles were oauoelled or surrendered ; in 18S5, 15,977 cquare miles ; and in 1SSG, 10,915 square miles. No doubt the pastors! indnstry is depressed, and I am willing to help the lessees in every legitimate way, bub I am never going to be a party to wholesale surrenders and reductions. (Cheers.) Many of the pastoral leseea are having a bad time of it, but there is no industry that is not similarly situated. But the agriculturists who are unfortunately freeholders were not continually rushing to tho Government for assist&uce.; They are prepared to bactle with the depres sion. But we snail not have any substantial improvement in the pastoral or any other industry, no matter what the legislation, until the prioa of produce materially improves. It is not the rent that the pastoralists are paying in every case, or indeed iu a very few cases, that is weighing them down, aud other people too — it :s tho high rates of interest that arechargedbysomeofourfinanoialinstitutions; and however liberal you may make the paB toral legislation you will simply be improving the security of which the financial institutions hold eomn; the pastoralists will go out all the eanio. (Cheers. ) STATE ADVANCES. According to the oomuieuts in tha country Press the Stats Advances Bill was hailed with delight by every one who wns wanting money, but they had not the opportunity of examining its provisions. Any proposition to help the struggling producers, financially or other wise, will have my hearty support, but thia Bill is of so earthly use to them, What are tho terms of tha Bill ? ' The amount of the advance which may be inado on any such land as is mentioned in section 27 shall be determined by ths valuo of the land at the time of the advance, and Bhall not exceed — (a) If the land is hold in fee-simple by the borrower, one-half of the unimproved valuo thereof, as determined by the then last pre vious assessment by the Commissioner of Taxe3, plus one-half of the value of the permanent improvements (if any) upon tho land, and if the land baa acquired a special increase of value by reason of being cultivated as a vineyard, hop grouud, orchard, fruitgrowing plantation, or the like, then plus also one-third of suoh in creased value. (6) If the land is held by the borrower under Crown lease with right of purohaso as aforesaid, e. like amount as if thu laud were held by him in fee-simple, but less the ntnouut of all purchase-money which shall be payable to the Crown in respect of such laud previous to tho issuo of a land grant tharofor. All advances to be made pursuant to this part of this Act may bo mado iu State notesorutherwiseatthe option of the trustees.' The money advanced under the Bill ia to be repaid by half-yoarly instalments with interest at the rate of 5 por cent., payments to extend over a aeries of yearp. But any ono who has .such security as mentioned in the Bill to offer can obtain the money to-day elsowhoro on better terms and at a lower rate of iuterest. That being so, where 13 the benefit of State interference ? FEDERATION. As to federation I propose to devote an evening speoially to address you on this sub ject. In the meantime I direct your attention to the lecture delivered by the Rev._ Dr. Jefforis at North Adelaide. It is one of the ablest and mosb practical addresses that bos ever been delivered on federation. THE FCTCRE. So much for the past. Now a few word* as to the prospects of the futuro, which are not very bright. I aro not a pessimist, but it is no usb to do the ostrich business by putting your head into the sited and thinking everything is going right. I foel oeitain wa are going to ond the current financial yeftr with a deficit. For thiB I do not blame the Government, because contingencies altogether upset tha Treasurer's calculations. How i* this deficit to be made up? Certainly not by increased taxation— (cheers)— nor by further reductions in the t-alaries of Civil servants. (Cheen. ' Yes, all over £300 a year.') Why, some of them have already had about) ono-fourth of their salary taken oil— the Colonial burgeon, for instance. My first pro poHal ia to abolish entirely free education. (Cheers. ) I am glad to hoar that cheer. (Dis sent.) I don't mean the abolition of free edu cation entirely, but reversion to the system of allowing those who can afford to pay thoir Cd. per week to do so. By thut means we should have a saving of at least £25,000 a year. (Hear, hear.) Iniako that statement ou the assurance of tho Minister of Education, whom I met this morning. Last year tbe chargo on tho general revenue for our present system of education wan £127.000. Iu addition to th»s wa havo borrowed £500,000 for the erection of school buildings, on which we pay £20,000 a yearinterest. \Vocanuot afford this enormous Bum with a population of only 330,000. (Mr. Scandrott — 'What about payment of mem bers I''') I should bo perfectly williug to abolish it, and I don't think we should suffer very great loss if wo aboliah Borne of tho country pspera at the same timo. (Loud laugh ter. ) \J\\) to tho present, including the loan re ferred to, education hasoos5usover£l,i)00,0fK). Secondly, I would abolish tlie Pastoral and Land Board*, or, if we must keep them, 130 their duties b» conHned to tha allotment of land only. This will s,ave two-thirds of tho present expense. The Gormnueioner of Grown Lands said that the revenue derived by tho Government last year from lands dealt with by the Pnstoral Board amounted to £1,100, but a* a matter of fact tho cobI of tbo Pantoral Board for 18iM waa £2,327 lls. lid. (Laugh ter.) It is only fair to eay they did other work besides that for which tho revenue hs-d bfimi roceivad. 1 would revert (o the auction eystnin. People must learn to look afti'r themselves, and if they are euch chil dren that when th«?y went into the auciuion-room thty bid too much they must put up with tha conac-quencea. Tha cost of the Land Board a, exclusive of th«j Pastoral Board, for \6\ll, iuoluding pro portion of valarieB of Government officers for the time occupied, which is a very small pro portion, was £3,147 os. There is over £5,000 a year that can be saved by the abolition of the Hoard without thti slightest trouble. 1 am williog to take my full share of the re sponsibility of appointing the Land Boards — there wii3 an agitation in their favour — but my experience has taught mo that they have been a ooacly experiment. The delay ocoa sionfd by thorn at times has, been almost un bearable. DEKKNCES. Our cost cf defences has been altogretber too much. I don't inolude in this tha Police Force — (laughter)— became I think we shall want more assistance from the police than tho military. The cost of the Militia Fores in 1S03-4 was £10,409. which wa3 reduced in 1SD4-5 to £7,6.39. Volunteer Militia Reserve Force, costing £3.263 wa* reduced in 1*94-5 to £3,000, and tho Permanent Military Foroo from £4,595 to £3,144. Tha cokd of administration, whioh cmonnced to £3,521 in 1893-4, was roduoed to £3,2.17 in 1S94-5. 'Naval defence was reduced from £G,20'J to £5,100, the total reduction being nearly £0,000. In addition we have to pay the Imperial Government £10,000 a year towards the Auxiliary Squadron, and are occasionally gratified by a visit from one of the ships. The daily Press very properly pointsont, considering thattheBritiihinte rests in the floating trade of Australasian waters greatly exceed tho colonial, our contribution may be considered fairly substantial. The Government propose to reduce tbe military vote by £10,000, and they will have my hearty support, because for the few people we have the money we have spent in this raspeot in various ways is altogether beyond our means. Doubtless some of the things I have said are unpopular. I cannot h»lp that. R«sta*rared the wild raeanderines of the popnlarity-hnnter do not count for much ia these times. The condition of South Australia, as indeed of all the othtr colonist, is not altogataer rosy, but there is no cause for alarm so loot as we determine at all hazards to live within our means, and so Ion*; as people will exercise more 8elf-rsliaace,.and so long ai the Government will not interfere with private enterprise. (Prolonged cheers.) Mr. H. Jackson moved a vota of thanks to Sir Jenkin Coles for bia able and outspoken address. They were greatly indebted to him for showing that the pastoral is M had bsan endeavouring to extort concessions in a way which they never knew before. Mr. R. J. Day seconded. He hoped that tbe Conciliation Board would never be ablo to enforoe tho objectionable olause whish Sir Jenkin referred to. The motion was carried with acclamation. 