TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BT"NDNQUAM DOIIMIO." A VIUST • CLASS ^attendance at Caulfield on Saturday. SHOULD HAVE been larger, though, considering the fjloriouB afternoon, and the excellent sportpro rided. I LOOKKII upon The Admiral as heinff favourably handicapped at 0.5 for the Richmond Handicap, ct nine lurlonua, even after his truly miserable display in the Birthday Handicap, of a niile and a-quarter, at Kieuiington on the 21th May ; hut Mr. Cook elected to start The Merry Girl (7.4) in preference, and although she ran something more than respectably she didn't stand tho ghost of a show towards the finish against either Tullamore (7.12) or Lead On (0.8). TDLI.AMOBK (by Robinson Ciu=oe—Kathleen) won with ridiculous ease by (our it- nglhs, his victory hfing anticipated by liis party (and of course, under these circimistanrps, by the general public), as evidenced hy the fact that he started at - to 1 as against nine others. The tirat — 1 go—was very uond ; and altogether the performance. of M.t. T. -N'aehten's five-year-old gelding stamps him as being several nntches above the ordinary—when ii. the livvwvr. That last is a very pertinent saving clause, however, as, along with a number of others, I have arrived at the conclusion that Tu'ilamore is not always in the humour to race. When he takes it into his Dapper, though, the opposers are called upon to hurry up. THAT improving colt Mountaineer finished fourth with 7.7, Marshal Ney coming next with 7 2. No doubt there were a few of tbo field simply out for an airing on such a balnjy day; and— strangely enough :—upon friend " Caspian " and myself comparing notes our ideas concerning one particular neddy dovetailed together to a T, as the saying goes. I WOULD certainly like to know how many pounds advantage J. 13. Brewer is to his mount in a hurdle race or steeplechase. C. 1<\ Robertson is good; but J. E. B. "bangs Bannagher," and, as you are all doubtless aware, Bannagher was an individual who took an immensity of " banging," according to the annals of the " most disthressful country." His finish on Euitnalea (11 H) in the Hurdle Race was a Perfect Masterpiece of Horsemanship, as after liipple (lOst.) had silenced the pretensions of Sylvan Prince (0.7)—who, in the capable hands of J. Harbour, displayed a very formidable front until within half a furlong of the winning- post— it looked a Thousand to One on Mr. Septimus Miller's filly. But although he had to shift from the inside running to prevent the possibility of a block, the rider of Eroinalea called upon her for a final effort, and the daughter of The Gondolier and Maryland responding in the gamest possible manner, she secured a victory by half a length ; Sylvan Prince finishing two lengths behind Eipple, with Dart (10.8),who had been fairly well backed by the stable, fourth ; Figaro (12.12) fifth, and Rosestem (11.10) sixth; the time being phenomenally fast for the distance (a mile four furlongs and a-halt I—to wit, 2.54 J. Posy PICKLES (7.7) led his 10 opponents as if they would never catch bim in the Cambria. Plate, of fiveiurlongs and a-half; but just insicie the distance Eel King (H.4), who had been lying second throughout, dispossessed the three- year-old frey gelding of the lead, and appeared to bB winning comfortably until Pool brought Maie (<>.i; ) along from the rue,k with a rush that would certainly have reverse^ the positions hgd -.the winning ppst been a dozen yards farther away.'sie ErI King only scrambled, home by half a bead;, whilst Miss Gladstone X},jSJ). who 'ajfof came! towards the finish like a shotfliit- of a gun, was third, three-quarters of a leitgfh away, Plokles being fourth. Summerlea (7.7) -fifth, and *The Parisienne (0 11) sixth ; time, l.flj. THEUK is always such a tremendous lot of eackliue about " Spoiling a Handicap " and that Sort of Unmitigated Eot by the Slobberers of the Press, that I feel compelled to direct attention to fa freak of Handicapping I commented on at the time—the ?3rd of last May. For the Handicap J'lat Race, of six furlongs, at Fleinington the tbree-year-old performer, Miss Gladstone, was imposted at Six Stone Nine as against the tnoderato two-yeaT old, The Parisienne's, apportionment of Seven Stone Five. Last Saturday, kt Caulfield, in the Cambria Plate, Miss Gladstone, with Seven Stone Six up, finished a close Third, whilst, the Parisienne, with Six Stone Eleven in the person of E. Lewis, failed to g(t ntarer than Fifth! What Price " Expert" Handicapping after an Object Lesson of that description ? And yet before the week is out it's Big Bourke-sfcreet to a Banana that the Slobberers will be at work with their saliva again. AMONGST the 15 contestants in the Handicap Steeplechase of about two miles the public eventually came to the conclusion that the best " grafting" was likely to be done in the Grafton red which graced Everard Browne's grey gelding, Tiinoni(11.2),and so they backed the aged 'chaser down to 9 to 2 ; a good commission on behalf of Larrikin (11.11) causing bim to pose as second favourite at 0 to 1, whilst 7 to 1 was quoted J. 0.I. (10 4) and Batanzos (list-.), and in parts of the paddock 10'B were to be obtained about either Larnook (12st.), Mon Ami (1110) or Moondah (11 12). Batanzos put himself out of court by balking, whilst Knebswortb, J. O. I, and Chester in. eaine to grief through falling. Round the back Larnook led the van,and although approaching- the home turn Mon Ami appeared as if he would causa trouble Larnook won easily enough at the fioish by two lengths, whilst Moondah was within half a length of Mon Ami; Larrikin being fourth, Floater (who looked very lug) fifth, Cerberus sixth, and the favouiite seventh ; the time being 4.J3J. THAT'S the Beauty of Backing the Millers' Horses! They are Always On It. And had punters only exercised tho slightest modicum of cowmon sense and memory they would never have let John S. start at Eight to One as against half-a- dozen others in a six furlong Selling Race, seeing that lie bore the red jacket with red and white sleeves and cap. Instead of cogitating over that fact they would persist in backing Ginger down to 0 to 2 and Quickmarch to 3 to 1, only to find that the half brother to Patron and Ruenalf approved his Birthmark (2) by making backs of such Rubbish (3) in l.lfij. Albeit no one cared about undertaking Bellamy's task of patching the old fellow up. and so he returned to the Mill Park stable for 35sovs. IT was neat, and appropriate that the Cambria Purse should find a resting-place on the person of the representative ot Cambria Houte; but still when the eleven starters were despatched on their journey the "sign" pointed to the fact that either Dally (8-t.) or Bung Bung (7 13) waslikely to do the trick, the pair of them figuring at 3 to 1, whilst (j's were to be bad about Fortunio (710), and 7's about either Epi (8.3) or Sunray (9st.). Vagrant and Dally carved out the best portion of the five furlongs and a-half between them, but at the half distance Bung Bung settled both their chances, and appeared to be sailing home easily when Shaw dropped from the clouds with Fortunio in the last half-dozen strides and snatched the race out of the fire by a neck; Dally being a length behind Bung Bung, with Vagrant (7.0) fourth, and Eildon (7.10) firth. Time, Imin. IOSBC. FOBTUNJO is by Fryingpan from Gretchen (daughter of Frauiein, tbe dam of Fortunatus). Like Damper, be is a great deal better colt than either the hnndicappers or the public give him the credit of being—which is not to be wondered at, seeing that ho has been rather unfortunate heretofore. I fXPEMKNCKD something little short of a miracle on the back track from Caulfield on Saturday. Our train actually ran right through with only Two Stoppages. Which remarkable fact caused Secretary J. H. Ashe to maintain stolidly apainst all argument to the contrary—" that it couldn't possibly be a Special." WUAT a Time the Punters had at Mentone on Tuesday ! IK large fields they succeeded in nominating them time after time. THERE was a spanking attendance, the fact that Will Kelso had selected Mentone for hi6 first predatory incursion this-season in Victoria speaking volumes in favour of that racecourse asatrystingplace. KELSO made his first Dart with Dart (10.10) in tbe mile and a-half Hurdle Race, and although there was ft goodly sprinkling of Grand National talent in the 14- opposed to him he won cleverly by a length from Woonooke (10.12) andd Figaro (13 2) in 2mm. 60s«c. KELSO'S second dab -was with Bush Boy (8.2) in the Welter Handicap, of six furlongs and a-half; and there he took every precaution that there shouldn't be the slightest possibility of doubt about tbe win, as Biish Boy scampered home balfa-dozen lengths in* advance of the consistent Placida (8 4), who held a length's advantage over Lucid (8.8); the time being lmin. 2C5sec. ! CATERER Harry iskinner received another turn of Fortune's wheel in the Mentone Handicap, of one mile, when Marshal Ney (7,3), who was well backed down to 3 to 1, won in a canter by four lengths from Muscovite (7.10), with John S (6.11) third, in lmin, 4Gsec. Marshal Ney is by Grand Flaneur from Rosebud, and if he beat the whole nine wbo finished behind him as decisively as he appeared to do, then he is a Fairly Good Colt beyond the shadow of a doubt. ONE of my fancies for the G. N. Steeplechase— and I don't know that he won't bo my Special Fancy in a fortnight's time—ran extremely well in the Steeplechase at Mentone on Tuesday with the burden of 13.1 on his back-, and would, undoubtedly, have bad something to say in tbe decision of the event bad not Gipsy Girl balked in front of him, and caused his pilot, Joe Gardner, to become unshipped. I refer to Mikado II., to whom 12.3 in the Grand National will present itself as a Perfect Luxury. THERE'S a number of presumably sane men who are always "barking" about Mr. H. Byron Moore being onlj an "Ornamental" Secretary. Now I would iust like to know how these beforementioned " barbers " are going to surmount the fact that the Ornamental Party has lately developed a very Practical Talent in the matter of improving on the barrier at present in use at Flemington in connection with tbo starling machines.Honour to whom honour is due" is a very old and a very trite saying; and now that facts have once more proved themselves to be Stubborn Things I hope to be inflicted with a little less of the " Only Ornament*!" cackle than I have had to undergo on various occasions during the last few years. Nei.i and Sylvan Prince have been performing splendidly on tbe sand track at Flemington. THE proposed erection of a starting machine, forthe purpose of practice, at Flemington is a step in the right direction. Rj'ES broke down badly in tbe Steeplechase at Mentone on Tuesday. MB. JOHN PILE withdrew his horse Carlton from the Melbourne Cup on Tuesday. Ik Messrs. Dalrin and Barnard do *' compare ' handicaps prior to banding in their Melbourne Cup and Caulfield Cup apportionments (as quite a number of folks maintain) they must have " scamped " matters last Monday, seeing tho wide divergence there is in their opinions of certain horses. In the Melbourne Cup Laundress has 7.13. Chesterman fi.4; in the Caulfield Cup Laundress has 8.7, Chesterman 7.10—only 16 lbs. difference; and, mark you!—Laundress won the Newmarket Handicap like a stayer. But it's no use picking out the flaws. To boil matters down I like best in the CAULFIEI-D Cm'. DEVON PRESTON TARANAKI RUKNALK ASCOT VALE NAD A ELSWJCK TULLAMOBE DAMPKB. FIVE or six weeks ago I was informed by a total stranger {in the Essendon train) that. The Harvester was certain to get 9.3 in the Melbourne Cup, and that Preston would be handicapped at 8.7. The next morning, on the Flemington training track I mentioned the matter to Mr. tj. G. Cook, and we both bad a "snigger" at tho "cock-sure" manner in which my informant had spoken. " If that tip comes off," remarked Mr. Cook, " it will be almost as remarkable aB the fact that Tbe Admiral's weight was geminated hj Mr T. S. Mnrrin in an Auckland pa'ppr to an ounce .prior to a Melbourne Cup handicap being published. ' A:<tj by Sjjolly 1 wherever my 'Unknown friend got his inspiration from—be certainly drew it from the weikflf.kno'wlepfc^. .Tf,| Harvester's weight for the 3j&lbourne; dGp ip g,3,>and Preston has been " pitchforked" in at'Jy. A use the word "pitchforked" advisedly he but comes fit atd well to the post~irtfie first Tuesday in Novenioer, and experiences no disability during tbe race, PRESTON, with 8.7, will win the Melbourne Cup of 1895 as certain as that Cup will be run. THE winner of the Moonee Valley Cup, the V.R.C. Spring Stakes, and tbe V.R.C. St. Leger (in tbe fastest time on record !) Only One Ponnd a Better Colt than Malachite, and Thirty-two Ounces Better than Dreamland ! Ob, Go and Eat Coke! AFTER Preston—but a darned long way after— DEVON TAHANAKI TBE TRIER RUKNALP NAPA LAUNDRESS loot very favourably treated in the Melbourne Cup. So is THE CAPTAIN- in both Cups. But Will Kelso has had Mr. S. G. Cook's cast-off in hand for quite a long time now without getting a race out of him, and—most regretfully—Ibaveto pas's my old favourite by. ME. JANES BEDFERN was evidently so favourably impressed with Marusa's apportionment of 8.2 in the Melbourne Cup as against his 8.5 in the Caulfield Cup that he scratched him for the mile and a-balf event instanter. THE general entries for the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting on the 6th and 13th July promise some very attractive racing. ASCOT will be the centre of attraction this afternoon, when I hope to be able to chronicle more agreeable starting than we witnessed last Friday. It wasn't so much tbe starter's fault as tbe ease with which the contestants could cause the barrier to rise. Particulars of thiB afternoon's events will he found on the opposite page. Rtraiotfe hath it that Highborn II. has been located at Mill Park for some time. But then Rumour always was a lying Jade, (lontcherknow. THE Schedule of Prizes for the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society's Nineteenth Annual Show, to be held in tbe Exhibition. Building, Melbourne, from 7th to 10th August inclusive, has been published, and from it I glean that entries close on 6th and 13th July with the secretary, Mr. J. C. Bartlett, at the Society's office, 195 Collins-street, Melbourne. MESSRS. H. Oxenhamand "The Count" report: —Business, since weights appeared for (he two big Spring Handicaps, very britfh. Not much doing straight out on Caulfield Cup ; but on Melbourne Cup wehave laid several thousands each about AtlaP, Dieaml&nd;, The Harvester and Patron. For G.N. Hurdle —Dundee, Bischuff, Kmmalea and Ripplu have been the principal goods asked for. Wagering dull on G.N. Steeple. The following are the principal doubles laid by above firm on the CAULFIELD AND MELBOURNE CUP D -UBLE. At £10,000 to 30. E snick and Harvester | Atlas and lluenalf liuenalf and Dream and HortenBinB and Dreamland Dreamland and Atlas I Ayrshire and Figaro. Heroine and UarveBter | At £5000 to E.j Preston and Dreamland I>aundreBB and Harvester PreBton and Auraria L&undreBB; and Dreamland Prettou a'id Havoc LinndresB and Atlaa PreBton and Auratia Damper and Devon Preston and Dreamland Atlas and Anraria Bnceaneerand Dreamland Atlae and Harvester Bueoaneer and lluen&l;! Atlas and EUnlck Bett Bower and Atlas Newman and Bavoo Befit Bower and Harvester Elswick and Dreamland Best Bower and Wallace Foxtail and ljrea-rol&nd; Bruin and Barvetter Foxtail and Devon Vanitaa and Atlas EiridBforde and Atlae Vanltasand Aut&rla; Ueewar and Atlas 