ACADEMY OF MUSIC. “Hamlet” was produced at the Academy of Music last night on the occasion of the farewell appearance of Mrs G. B. W. Lewis and her dramatic company. Some of those present had seen Mi»s Louise Pomeroy’s pourtrayal of the character of Hamlet some 15 years ago, but to many others the repre sentation of the melancholy Prince of Dsn mark hy a lady had all'the charm and inte rest of novelty. As between the two ladies, comparisons were greatly in Mrs Lewis’ favor. Miss Pomeroy had, perhaps, certain advantages in respect of appearance, but ns regards intelligent and artistic conceptions, the character and admirable reading of Shakespeare’s work Mrs Lewis was de cidedly superior. Apart from one or two lapses of memory the words came “ tripping from the tongue,” and in the speech com mencing “Oh that this too too solid flish might melt,” there was an occasional volubility of utterance scarcely compatible with the generally accepted view of the con templative and introspective mood in which it should be delivered. Mrs Lewis’s acting and by-play in the scene wherein the play actors appear before the king and queen, and put them to shame, was very fine, and she carried the audience with her and roused its enthusiasm hy the fervor of her exultation over their flight from the scene. She gave some original readings and unfamiliar accentuations, such as the very marked emphasis laid on the last word of the sentence addressed to the Ghost—“ Go on, I’ll follow thee " —but her conceptions of the part altogether were most artistic and effective, and the arras scene was worked up to an exciting climax. The audience was very hearty in its applause,, which was accorded with most intelligent dis crimination, and Mrs Lewis had every reason to be proud of the success which she achieved and the cordiality of her reception. Miss Frances Grahams is to be complimented on a charming, rendering of Ophelia. Her lines in the earlier part were very prettily spoken, and her appearance and manner engaging, while in the scene wherein the daughter of Phlonius becomes demented her acting was exoepionally im pressive. The vacant stare, the disjointed snatches of song, the hysterical mingling of laughter and of sobs, the alternations from fits of distraction to occasional dis plays of her earlier sweetness and charm of manner were entered into with an intelli gence and artistic skill which richly deserved the hearty applause accorded when she made her final exit. Few more competent repre sentatives of Horatio could be found on the Victorian stage than Mr L. R. Truebridge proved himself to be,, and the same may be justly said of the selection of Mr W. L. Paine as Laertes. There was a genuine touch of pathui in his reception of the news of Ophelia’s death. There were “ tears in his voice ” and a fervor in his manner which enhanced his reputation as a Shakespearian actor of marked ability and rare promise. Mr F. C. Appleton was duly impres sive as the ghost of Hamlet's father. Miss Jennie Bryce a very satisfactory Queen of Denmark, and of the represent-. atives of thn formidable list of other char acters it may be said generally that, for a single night's production, the performance was creditable to all concerned, the con snicunns flaws being few and the merits above the average. Again mention is dne to Mr Monaghan’s orchestra for very accept able musical selections in the intervals. 