L UKE WARMNESS. [By the Rev. HughPiuceHughes, M.A.] "I know, thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot; I would thou wert cold or hot. So then because thou are lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue tliee out of my mouth."—Hev. iii.' 15-1G. These are strong words—very strong, pamr fully strongi Many, persons object to strong language, and of course there are certain •instances in which-the use of strong language is a sign of weakness and of folly. But when we fully acknowledge that, we are bound to remember, on the other hand, that some per sons object to strong language because they themselves are weak. ■ Timid and cowardly souls shrink from the conflicts which strong language provokes, and men, whose con victions are shallow, cannot understand the intensedemotion which must express itself in intense words. At the great moments of life, and in reference to the vital issues of conduct, strong language is for earnest natures inevit able. All strong men with strong convictions and strong hopes use strong language. As far as I am aware, no public teacher the world has ever seen dared to use language quite so strong as that which fell from the lips, of Jesus of Nazareth. Who, for example, except Jesus Christ, dared to address a congregation of ministers in such words as these— " Ye serpents, ye offspring of vipers, how shall ye escape the judgment of hellHow startling it is to find that, when someone told Him that Herod desired to kill Him, Christ answered—"Go ye and tell that fox, behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to-day and to- morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected." Those who are accustomed to .suppose that Christ .always used very meek and delicate phraseology would jbe -startled by these quota tions.. .. It --. is a very, significant fact that nothing provoked such strong language from Jesus Christ as lukewarmness. Remem ber His terrible attack upon St. Peter—" Get thee behind Me, Satan : thou art a stumbling block unto me"—because Peter had made the devilish suggestion, that Jesus Christ should hesitate in His obedience to the will of God. Then how remarkable is the expression in the passage where we read that there went with Him great multitudes. Then, and there he turned and said unto them, "If any man cometh unto. Me, and hated not his own father and mother,- and wife and children, and brother and sister, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be My disciple." I need scarcely explain to anyone, in the full possession of his reason that when 'He used the word hate He did not intend it to be taken mechanically and literally, but by the use of this strong expression He would fain bring home most vividly to each one of us that the one thing which He does require of us is total, absolute, unconditional, whole hearted self- surrender to Himself; a demand which it would have been monstrous for Him to make, and blasphemous for Him to make, unless He had been very God. No other great teacher has ever dared to make such an immense and tremendous claim of men. When men said to Him, "Show ^us the "way," he answered imperiously, "I din the Way;" when they said, "Tell us the truth," He said, " I am the Truth;" when they said, "Give us the life," once more He replied astonishingly, "I am the_ Life." Mahomet never dared to say anything like that. Buddha never dared to say anythinglike that. But Christ said it, and it was the dis tinctivenoteof His teaching.; As a matter of fact, He could not start and constitute'His church until there was in the world at least one person who believed in His 'divinity, and was there fore capable of that absolute devotion to Him which is impossible until we realise that He is our God. Peter, as we know, was the first of His disciples who dearly, definitely, expressly, and audibly recognised His divinity, and .the moment there was one ready for this absolute self-surrender Christ established in him the Christian Church. It was because Peter, with all his shortcomings and_ inconsistencies, was so whole-hearted that Christ loved him so much and trusted. him so much. _ It was because St. John was even more passionate and intense at heart than St. Peter, himself that Christ loved St. John most of all. So we learn from our text that the Lord Jesus Christ positively prefers downright coldness to lukewarmness. It is Christ who says,-'' I would thou wert cold or hot; but thou art lukewarm, half-hearted, inconsistent: I will spue thee out of my mouth." - During the three years of His public ministry He did not try to make numerous disciples, but rather discouraged the multitude at the height of His popularity. Instead of flattering them, He turned round and used mysterious, Eerplexing, and discouraging language which I ave twice quoted. That is not the way. to induce the- frivolous and the. superficial and the careless to attach "themselves more closely to you. ' His great aim during , His brief public life was simply to induce twelve young men to obey Him with' all their hearts. The condition of success, He knew, was not a mul titude of lukewarm followers, but a company— it may be a mere handful of red-hot disciples. So'He sought not a lukewarm multitude, but a smallgroup of red-hot disciples, and in their hands He placed the destinies of the;'human race. ; : ': I have had in Italy impressive and, over whelming evidence of the value of the great truth which the text announces. Rome Was twice the mistress of the world—once before the. birth of Christ and once "since; Pagan Rome arid clerical Rome. Both these world empires have passed?,, away. Pagan Rome lives to-day only in its ruins; clerical Borne is self-imprisoned in the Vatican. Bqt' wo may . learn.. much, from these. two dead empires. They teach us, in fact, ths secret of. victory, and they illustrate and .explain our text. For what is the ex planation of the twice-repeated world-supre macy of Rome ?—whole- heartedness : first patriotic whole-heartedness, and then clerical whole-heartedness. The triumph of pagan i Rome was due to the fact. that her citizens made an absolute, unconditional self- . surrender to her. They lived for her, they ; sacrificed everything for her, so she conquered-,, the human race. One of the fables and most characteristic legends of old Rome is to the effect that some 360 years before Christ a great chasm yawned in the Forum, and when the augers were consulted they said that this immense abyss would never be closed until the most precious thing in Rome was cast into it. Thereupon a young Roman leaped upon his horse in.full gallop, anddeclaring that the most precious thing was patriotism he leaped into the abyss, which closed over him; They believed in patriotism intensely. , They were prepared to sacrifice their truest and best for the supremacy of Rome, and so they conquered the world. The secret of the second supremacy of Rome is precisely the same—absolute self-surrender to the Roman Church. A typical, logical, consistent Roman Catholic is Ignatius Loyola, and what does he say in liis spiritual exer cises ? He says that the consistent member of the Society of Jesus must have no more self will than a stick; he must place himself abso lutely, totally, unconditionally, unreservedly at the disposal of the Pope. Jesus of Nazareth asks from you and me the same ■ absolute self surrender which the young Roman gave to Rome, and which Ignatius Loyola gave to Papal Rome. : As-the Roman knight gave up everything to his city, as the Spanish soldier gave up everything to his Church, so, men and women, I invoke you and beseech you to give up everything at this moment :to Christ. The one thing that is most loathsome to Christ is- the lukewarm Christian. No language is strong enough to : describe the misery which the lukewarm Christian brings upon himself and the Church and the human race. Prom that may God in His great mercy save you and me. Is there any occasion for this appeal? I ask men of business—Have you always been loyal to' Christ? Have you always in your commercial and business transactions done what you know Christ would have done ? • How, much compromising there is! How much sophism there has been to excuse the tricks of trade. But even.) at .the; risk of bankruptcy we must make up our minds that we will never do anything in trade that we could not Justify on our knees on Sunday. _ So with respect to the great sphero of political life in which, happily, men and women are more and more taking an earnest pari; .; How men especially do for the sake of their party what they know is contrary to the mind of Christ. How blasphemously,' how .atheistically some Christians dare to say—and, • 'I 'presume, try to believe—that religion has' nothing. to do with public life, and that a man in his capacity as a politician may do what he would never dream of doing in his private capacity ! In public life as well as private we must be loyal and consistent and thorougfi-going disciples of Jesus Christ. So -with regard' to the pleasures in which we indulge,' the one supreme purpose of every moment must be -to do the will of Christ. . How awful the penalty of lukewarmness— "I will spue thee out of My mouth." Many of you probably read in the newspapers the distressing description of the public degrada tion of that unhappy officer, in the irench. army who is supposed to have'*betrayed mili tary secrets to the possible enemies of Prance. It made my heart bleed to read the story of his degradation in the presence of the regi ments and a great crowd—'how they plucked the gold lace from his cap, the epaulettes from his shoulders, the lace from his trousers, broke his sword iu two and cast it on one side. Surely a man would rather die: than be ex posed to that degradation. He had been luke warm, unfaithful in his devotion to Prance after having sworn that he would serve Prance with life and death. It was awful I But there is something more awful than that— to be degraded in the presence of Christ. Prance publicly spued that unhappy man out of her mouth, and Christ will spue the luke warm Christian out of His mouth. .. But that is not the motive to which I mean mainly to appeal. Consider for a moment what Christ has suffered aud sacrificed for you. "What have you done for Him?. Was there any lukewarmness in anything that Christ djd for you ? He was faith ful to death in the Garden of Geth semane and on the cross for your sake. What is the return? Careless, half-hearted, superficial service, an inconsistent life of business and doubtful pleasure? God forbid. Let ns be thorough, whole-hearted. Let ns pray God to deliver us from lukewarmness. You may never have served God. at all. God is willing to save you now- as' truly as an .incon sistent Christian. But you say, "I admit the truth of .your words; I feel the force of the appeal ; ! confess my heart is lukewarm. What can I do ?"_• .. Listen; there was a predecessor who :told us'what Chrisb would do, and this is what lie told.us -.—"Be- - hold, He that cometh after me is mightier than I. He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost) and with fire." Oh ! blessed word. Oh Jesus Christ! do Thou work in the hearts of all tho lukewarm Christians, baptising them with fire. There is one apocryphal saying of Christ which expressed a profound truth—"He that is near Me is near the fire." Blessed he God, we are all near Jesus now. At this very moment .Christ is nearer to you than the person next to you. That lukewarm heart of yours may be made hot with that fire now. Are. you willing ? . 