THE CBXME OF OBXUES. A Parable, A.u angel m teat (torn heaven one day to w how the people of the earth were faring in the land that a munifioent God had given them. He alighted on the brow of a hill in the early mora, and as the mist curled up from the valleys he aaw beneath tiiwi fields yellow with golden harvest, and afar off the roofs of a great city. And as the son roee and the night departed all nature awoke with joyous sounds. The lark flew quivering with happiness to the skies, to sing, as near as might be to the gates of heaven, her song of thankfulness, while beneath her fellow songster* repea ted the notes of her matin song. The ox' u in the meadows lowed contentedly to one another, and their warm breath rose like oloudsof incense from the earth shrine of the God of Day. These sights and sounds of ««fthly happiness so filled the angel's heart with gratitude that he knelt snd adored the benefieent Diety who had created this, joyous world. And when his odorations were over he began to descend the hill, but of a sudden stopped, for across the plains and valleys there came a murmuring sound from where the people of the city were awakening from their sleep. Tne angel listened for awhile, and then eaid softly : " 1 know not what may be, but 'tis as the ory that riseB when those who are doomed to everlaeting death «ee the gate of F *radise olose and abandon Hope for aje." So speaking he descended to the plain, snd passed along a pathway through the fruitful meadows. He had not gone far when there came out from a hovel olose by the roadside, a toil-worn man, with stooping form and furrowed face acd deep-set despairing eyes. And the angel, speaking to himself, said: "My God has seat me to find how it fares with man, whom He hath made in His own image, but surely this cannot be such a one." Therefore he said to the man, " What art thos P" and he rrp'ied," I am a slave." Then said the angel, " Where are thy gyvee and shtokles P' and the man said, "1 need-them not, for there is no place whezeonto I oould flee, except I take j refuge in death." And the angel said, 'Wherefore art thou a elave, and unto whomP" and the m«n replied, "I am a slave to the lords of the land, beotu'e they own this earth, without the fruit* whereof no man can live." And the angel ssid, " Hst-i certain men denied their fellows a share in the fruitful soil, the uuiverssl gift of God f" "Ay "said the man, "'tis even eo." "And on what conditions do they allow yon to toil in the fields P" asked the angel. " On ocndition that we render to them all the grain we grow, but the husks we may keep for onrselves, and thereon life can just bi sustained." " And have they many slaves f" said the heavenly visitant. " Ay," said the toiler, " all men must render tribute to them, or else diet and so it has hsppened to many who have had nothing to give." " And what do the lords do with the tribute of their slaves t" said the angel. " They and their favour ites consume it, they who live in the great city and never toil, who need not rise with the first light of dawn or sink with weari ness whsn the shadows fall." Then the angel said farewell to the hapless toiler, and went sorrowfully on laifl way. And all day long kepuatf (brongh the fruitful fields, and saw the men and women toil ing for the husks of the grain, while the fat oxen lay oontentedly in the shade. And long after nightfall he oame to the great city, and entered the silent streets thereof. Not far had he gone, when, from the shadow of a wall, there sprang a man upon him, who hoarsely said, " Give me money, or else die" " G ntlr, brother," said tue angel, " I have nothing to give, nor is it right you should use me so." " I starve," said the thief witba low moan, and vanished like a ghost. Near this soot, across the pavement, there flowed a stream cf blood where a murdered man was lying on hi* haok staring horribly at the silent stars. So the angel pasted swiftly on, but at a strict corner a young girl, with wild, reckleis eyes, stopped him, and said, " Do with me wuat you will, but give mt money, for I starve." But the angel Baying," Sister, forbear," passed on again till he heard from the darkness a low faiut cry, and stooping down saw, lyisg on a doontep, a dead woman with shrunken checks, who still preised with rigid arms a babe upon her fcreait The augel took the young child in his arms, and even as he did so it straightened out its little limbs and died. Then the angel closed the eyes of the poor mother, and carrying the dead ihfant, went quickly on to where shouts of revelry oould be heard —to the palace of one of the lords of the laud. The golden gates were guarded, but he passed qulokly through unseen, and entered the marble palaoe and the mighty banquet-hall. From end to end the tables were thronged with perfumed revellers, while high on a dais above them all lay the lord of the land listening to beoiviousmnaio and applauding the dano icg of a wanton. And unseen the angel went to hie side and laid in his lap the body of the child, and wrota upon the wall in letters of flame," This ohild whom thou hast murdered shall proncuuoe thy everlasting doom upon the judgment day." The angel then asoended to heaven, and said: "Thy earth, 0 God, is peopled by miserable slaves, over whom there reigns certain men called lords of the land, who have eaten np the traits of their toil and robbed tbem of all Thy gift, except the husks of the grain, whereon they live. The beasts of the field and the birds of i the air rejoice, but the lot o* man, became j of this thing, is /one of misery." Then the Creator of the universe called ! the recording angel to His ride, and said, |" Blot out from the judgment book all record of the sins of men, and plaoe therein | alone the names of those who have robbed My people of the earth I gave, for from this cause hath sprung all sin, and none hut they shall bear the penatj." -The I Beacon. 