A Shattered Idol. I i II lore at firet night be possible, I cer tainly wae in love with her. It was in my young days, when I wae visiting Paris for my amusement. I bad been strolling about the city all the morn ing, and to wards noon found nayselt in Uio neighborhood»£ the 1'aubourgSt. Germain, when I caught eight of the boautiful un known. She was plainly though taste fully attired, and had evidently been marketing, fur she carried several parcels, and waa accompanied by a peasant girl with some bundles of vegetables. Never, I thought, had I beheld a being eo beauti ful. #For days and days I lingered abont in the hope of meeting her again, but without eucceBB ; and at laet I mode up my mind that I would try to forget I had ever seen her. At About that time I made the acquaint ance of M. Auguste Veirier. He was a per son of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchial beard. H is appear ance did not betoHen wealth, but his gene rally cultivated bearing suggested that he had seen better daye. We ilret met in a cafe, to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation that he was a man of considerable education. After we had met torn* half-dozen timeB, I happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art. He then informed me that he wan a pointer by profession, and invited me to accom pany him to his studio and inspect some of hie works. I assented, and he con ducted me to a crazy old half'-timbered' house, long since pulled down, in the Fau bourg St. Germain. Here, having aecended to the topmost etorey, wo entered the studio, whloh presented a rather remark able appearance. There were numbers of pictures, eome with frames and some without, stacked .gainstthe walls, and rowsof dusty shelves, irith books, casts, and human bones heaped npon them. In one comer wae a life-sized ' model of the Apollo Belvedere. The other <sorner,on the same eide, waa occupied by tbe artist's easel and canvae, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a csmplete Buit of armor, and grasping in its extended fiat* trunoheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining cor ner stood another Ugure, which wae covcred with «a large maes of crimson drapery, apparently to proteot it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with' awords, pistols, halberU, and other weapons i i> picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paint ings, which were not, indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier asked me if 1 would lake a clip of coffee t I assented, and he rang a email band-bell. In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee and ~ cigarettes upon a tray. A. thrill of delight ful surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one wuobo beauty had eo profundly impressed me on that memor able morning. I trembled all over; I grew hot and cold by tume, and vainly endeavored to suppress my agitation. Whether M. Verrier noticed my embarrassment or not I cannot say. To my great gratification bo introduced me. «' Permit me," said he-" Monsieur Clay ton, my daughter, Mademoiselle Annette Veitar." I bowed, and the young lady returned jar obeisance, blushing slightly ob she did eo. Then she withdrew, after handing us our coffee and cigarettes. I prolonged my etay inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would re- appear, but she did not, aud I took my leave at length, resolved to use every means for becoming better acquainted with her. Gae aSy I met M. Verrier in the oafu as before, and our conversation happened to turn npon games, , I mentioned that I was fond of 6cerluf and asked him if he ever played. " Alas, sot now, monsieur," replied he; " for you see 1 hare to be at work every hour of the daylight; and my physician : . does not permit me to go out in the evening \- on account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game." " But eurely, monsieur,,' eaid I, " your1 friends might play with you in your own j rooms J" " I have no friends," said he, " who care to spend their time in amueingan old man. Ab, no, most persons can find more lively diversions than that; No matter, 1 must not Complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter." I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would only be too happy to play with him> *' Well than, monsieur,*' eaid he, "since you are so good as to say eo, if you will name any avenini; that will be agreeable to yon, it will giv.> me great pleasure to take a hand with you,'* I suggested the name evening, at any hour he jplMMiL "Shall we fca* '?' o'clock, "then," said he. " And if you will ilo ma t!»e liooor to «up with m»--''? I accepted gladly, nnd overwhelmed iijm with a profusion of <Iiuu1;h. What tiappina«s! 1 sliould sop Annette, tlimild converse with her, and should ^1,1 aUe to strengthen the favorable impression I already believed m.Tnslf to havo iiwie. M, V I triur rose to leyvo tlio cafe, mutter ing it) a half audible ton* as he did no, " 1 niuht remember to get some carde, for I have not a pack ; to long sinco 1 have played." " l'rav do not trouble yourself, mon sieur," 1 exclaimod," for, as it happens, I have two now packs at ray hotel." He thanked me and walked out The tirao came, ond on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barely-furnished room, where a table wm laid for two. Our supper was very simple; it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She talked little, and when we had finished eating sbo brought cigars. 1 now had to submit toadisappotntment for which I had been totally unprepared. Holding out her hand to me she wished me good night. She was going to retire for the rest of the evening. An interval of pilesco ensued. Jfy com panion did not invite conversation, snd 1 was not disposed to talk. I wan thinking of Annette, i now told myself that i loved hor-yes, this feolinp must be Jove. " Come, thsn, monsieur," said M. Verrier, at length, "shall we play f" I assented, and he led the way to the studio. Everything won precisely no Ibad seen it on the previous occasion. M. Verrier motioned uie to a chair, where I seated myself facing the easel, which was covered with a large white wrapper. M. Verrier now removed tbo wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view au unfinished sketch, in oils, of hie daughter Annette. I have said that he waB a painter of little ability, and the work before me was either by another hand, or the subject had inspired the artist to put forth unwonted | power. It was true to the life. ' As I gazed at the portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke I from me. >1. Verrier smiled, and drawing a email table towards me, placed wise and glasses upon it, and took his eeat facing me. i The game commenced ; we played high, [ and I seemed to lose about 300f iu no time, II wee a good player, but I did not pay i sufficient altoniiou to the cards, partly from my desire to indulge my opponent I in bis honor, but chiefly becauee my thoughts were running.1' upon. Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her por I trait upou the oasel. SI. Verrier gathered up my stakes with the cool indifferenoa ot the veteran game ster. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier, tor the first time, challenged roe to bet. 1 did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if he knew every card in my band-a species of knowledge that would mean1 everything at ccarte. I began to euspect that I was being mode the victim of aome trickery, though of what nature I could not i guets. The curds I had brought with me, and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been murked in any way. | What waB the secret of M. Vorrier's mar- i vellous play f I resolved to watch him, j and, if possible, find out lie bad just dealt, aud was waiting for { me lo examine my cardH before taking up j his own. He was gazing placidly bofore j him through his spectacles when 1 paused' and looked him sharply and suspiciously in the face. jNot a muscle of hie features j moved, as I slowly gathered up my cards j and prepared to examine them. j Ilis face told me nothing; and could IJ expect to discover his Bccret by peering into those immovable eyesf Would notj such a hope seem vain ? Vet it was by j such means that I diddisoover it. j My hand consisted of the queen, eight, \ and Haven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamond*. In talcing up these cords I had scarcely mad* a movement of the elbow, and yet 1 could see, in the spec tacle glasses of M. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my ohair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Annette, t turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch eight of a human hand, holding (We cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disap pearing under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner behind me. I bad seen the faces of the cords. They were tbo queen, eight, and raven of clubs, aud the knave and king of diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view, not a Icy figure, but the beautiful form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, holding in her hand the cards which she had been telegraphing. 