BRIGHT AND BRIEF. A cigarette smoker sends Into tha - air 4, 000, 000, 000 particles of duet ! at every puff. . - Thns far about five miles or a mys- aowo. I tenons buried wall in Evorgrson township, .in Michigan, havo boon traced. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and j prcforialiy represent thorn as pale-faced , : women, with hair hanging over 'thoir oyrs. | The Snltan of Turkey is eonding - - ont_ Mohammedan missionaries to Africa, at his own oxpenso, to chook > the Christian advance in that eon.'- tloent, -'-i'v. At s sale In London rocontly of ' -v'.' . Hammer Islands money known ne Hog raewew A nm i A.T .- if:' .' - UWUOJTf » 0UMMU£ itttVUtlli Alt J lUBf 8 sixpence £23, and a throeponny-bit . : . £30, At Dondeo recently, a boy aged 14, / v. beingsentintos room by himself as : > . a punishment for playing truant from - . church, hanged himself from1 the window shutter. . .-liji-.i Tho Sturgeon, the latest torpedo v : ' - boat built for the Admiralty, has at- v- tallied a speed of twenty- eight knots 1 per hour. This was accomplished at a three hours' trial on the Clydo. ' The Hindoos show singular' frank- ; ness In making census returns. Among those who were called upon to dosoriho fv, :':?> v their callings, designated thoir means . :"C. of living as "village thieves, " "sup- ' jsortedby relatives," or "living on "Tho unprecedented doath-rnte In England, largely due to influenza, and especially severe ' upon old poople," says tho Medical News, "has of lata- in lamdois reached so high a figure aa 88'3, and In Liverpool the frightful rate of 33-3 has boon recorded." ' . A society has been fortnod in West- 1 ohal ia whoso members are pledged to . v kill as many cats aa possible. ; Last , Y: year 1222 cats' tails wore taken in to : headquarters, A proposal to com- v mence a similar crusade against dogs was defeated by the votes of a majority of the members. . .. After allowing for tho annual suh- sfdyof£1730 granted by parliament, the House of Commons Kitchen and . . \ : Refreshment room showed a loss of . : £15 for the twelve months. The ro- ceipta were for provisions nnd cigars £8059, and for wines, spirits, - and others lienor £3814. Spain has recently ordered that all . : steamers that fly the Spanish flag, or are subsidised by that Government, shall In the future carry none hut Spanish engineers. The prevailing practice us orrjr at itmat kvru'oriuflu engineers, and formerly all were British. The dog which figured in a pathetic Incident at tho battle of Port Arthur, is now In New York at the apartment of the war correspondent who first saw. - . , her lying In the arms of her dead master, refusing (o desert her post in all the dm and confusion of tho battlo. Brooklyn has now an inatitntion of which no other American oity oan boast — a circulating library for the Mind. It comprises only 800 volumes but then a blind man's book is at least ten times as bulky as its counter- : ' part in letterpress, and for more than ten times as costly, -.i- One sailor in 250 is lost at sea. Engine- drivers have to rise from the cleanlog-shed, ,. Ushera in the Queen's household remove £200 per annum. v.'.:.-- Dickens' youngest son is an U, P. in : : New South Wales. Up fill 1775 only two stumps wore used in cricket. - Edison's laboratory coats fivo thous- ' and pounds a year to maintain. v : Seventy ponnds worth of coin- Is dropped In London daily. The postmen of London cover about forfv-erght thousand milos a day. - , Haifa-million packs of playing v cards are sold yearly, Every German regiment has a chir opodist in its ranks. President Cleveland never wears > gloves. A first class army hand earns two hundred a week. In the London Metropolitan distriot : there are employed 4050 postmen, and, taking their daily amount of walking : st twelve miles on the average, this r : thia would repreMatansggregatt dally < 1 \- r. v«r: ourneying on loot of 48860 _ miles, a distance equal to twice the circumfer ence of the globe. . Every day two hundred thousand cigars are smoked in London- Racehorses in full swing average sixteen yards per second. Over twenty boys have won the Vic toria Cross. . Lord Breadalbano's estate in Eng land extends over one hundred miles. A pack of foxhounds costs about five hunarod pounds per annum. London has twenty -one thousand cab car, and omnibus drivers. Rather more than five thousand solicitors practice in London. Moc Ironies head the list of inventors, clergymon noxt. Tno most ancient temporanco pledge existing signed by R. Bolton, B. 0., Northamptonshire, and dated 1637, was sent to Lady Henry Somerset by the late S. 0. Hall Eleven hundred men are employed by the Bank of England. Sir Edwin Guinness is an ardent stamp collector. ' Russian lovers send a daily present to their fianclet. ; Employment fortwo million is found on Amort can railways. A man is generally at his heaviest in his fortieth year. There are fourteen thousand nine hundred and sixty football clubs in England. Wiro cushions for carriage seats aro being introduced on the North British Railway. The famous tenor, Proculi, is so vain that ho insists on having four swans to draw his Lohengrin boat. Kato Field thinks the English divorce laws ought to begin at the other end and make marriage more difficult. With a etroko of humour unusual to him, Zola says ho has arranged with tho astrologers to die in 1036, when ha will be ninoty-three years old. To men the two English war-vessols, Powerful and Terrible, will require for each a crew of eight hundred and ninety -six officers and men.. 11\. Felixo Fauro is to visit Algeria after Parliament adjourns. He will bo the only Fronch ruler, savo Napoleon III., who has ever set foot in tho province. Tho fivepenny stamp of New South Wales bos remained unchanged for a longor period than any other adhesive postage-stamp. Tho design, shape, and colour aro practically the same as when issued in 1854. The London firm which has manu factured eight of the eleven cables linking tho United States to England makes fifty-five miles of cable each twenty-four hours. The Japanese trace descent only from the father. Thus when an aristocrat marrios a pleboian wife their children are his equals and quite her superior, and are apt to look down upon her. Mrs. Kendal and Sarah Bernhardt sit down to serious study, and allow nothing whatever to interfere with them during the time they are learning a part. Tney study and consider every wore as they go along, and mark and score tho book whenever they consider it necessary to emphasise any particular phase or scene. Max O'rell says that the Australians eat seven times a day ; tea and bread and bread and butter- at seven, breakfast at half- past eight, lunch at eleven, Dinner at half-post one, tea at three, supper at six, and a nightcap at ten. Tea is the standard \- dnnk, and there aro few hours in tho \- day when tho teapot is not brougt into \- requisition. The meanest of millionaires is Mr. Russell Sage. For over soven years he hasn't bought a new bat, and for years his lunch has never cost him more than twopence-halfpenny a day. "Mrs. Bemud Beere and Mrs. Lang- try study their parts in the open air while walking, driving, do., and many younger, actresses adopt it, railway and even 'bus journeys being utilised. William Morris, the poet, rejoices in the possession of a prodigious memory. Given a fair start on any sentence in Dickon's works, ho will complete that sentenoe with veiy little deviation from textual accuracy. The cloth of the old Egyptians was so good that, though it hat been used for thousands of years as wrappings . of the mummies, tho Arabs of to-day can wear it. It is all of linen, the ancient Egyptains considering wool unclean. In nine cases out of ton actresses commit the words of their part to memoty by copying thorn out in their own handwriting, and among their distinguised disciples of this method are Miss Ellon Terry, Miss Amy Roseello und Mrs. Patrick Campbell. News is forwarded from Constanti nople that tho frequent robberies of artistic andantiquariantreasures which have boon going on for somo timo from tho mosques and other buildings in the city liavo boon traced to a dealer, who was caught in the act of sending off . several broken stolen Korans and manuscripts. ThoRussian Departmentof Imperial Domains is making an attempt to start tho .tea-growing industry, on a largo scalo, in tho Caucasus. An oxpori- . mental plantation has already given good results, and now ISO acres aro to bo planted with tho tea sbrub. As a start 100,000 young plants aro to bo . brought from China. A lynx turn beon killed in Austrian Silesia, a region in which that crea ture is now but very seldom seen. The once plentiful lynx will soon bo as raro in Europe as tho aurocks. Anothor sign of tlioseverewinterwos manifested tho other day in a descent of thirty- five wild boar on tho village ofLanns- dorsf near Thionvillo. An Oregon mnnhashewedathirteen- foot boat out of a cedar log, and in this little craft ho proposes to make a voyage to Europe from San Francisco ' by tho way of Capo Horn, unless tho jitilvray companies will allow him to reach tho Atlantic seaboard, byputtibg his boat on wheel and using the tracks, sailing before tho wind. A quaint custom is still obsorvod at tho Bishop of London's palaoo at Ful- ham. The lodgokeoper each morning knocks each domestic up by tapping at'their bedroom windows with a long polo. Ho not only has to knock, but s required to do so until they givo visible proof that they have quitted their beds. A bottle 1 15ft high will bo a feature of ' the Bordeaux Exhibition about to be shortly opened. It will stand in the grounds, tho base ment serving as- a refreshment- room. The second and tho third floors will be reached by staircases, a wind ing staircase leading up tho neck of of the bottle, a kiosk at tho summit so as to represent the cork. A German chemist has found a way of preserving the colours of dried flowers, even of dolicate poppies. Flowers loose their tints in drying through ammonia in the air. Tho in ventor presses his specimens betwoen sheets of paper which have boon pre viously saturated with a solution of one per cent, of oxalio acid in water. An American bridegroom, aged twenty-one, while on his honoymoon tour, was charged in London with assaulting his wife, and was sent to gaol for a month. He admittod striking her because she would not oboy him. Tho wife stated that ho kicked hor when she visited tho Tower, and slapped her face when they wore returning from church on tho Sunday. 