THE FIRST TEST CRICKET MATCH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir,—With all lovers of pure, manly sport I have taken a keen interest in all games, and particularly in the great cricket match so narrowly won by the Englishmen in Sydney. Without wishing to take one flower from the Briton's glorious wreath, I think there is not the shadow of a doubt about Australia's defeat being caused by the sodden state of the wicket. " Lanca- shire," in administering a caustic lecture to " Young Queensland," states that in the old country two out of the six playing days are, on an average, wet. He will admit, if teams were equally matched, that the side having the misfortune of two days' wet would never have the "ghost of a show" against the side favored with a good wicket and fine weather. When a team is " sodden handicapped" the game ceases to have any absorbing interest for the public, simply because they think it is not a fair fight, or test of skill. My object is to suggest to cricketers the desirableness of protecting the wickets from the weather, before and during the continuance of a match. This could be easily managed, at small ex- pense and trouble, by having a tarpaulin made, say, 80ft. long by 10ft. or 12ft. wide, and so fixed as to shed water on each side like a roof. If tarpaulin could not be got, a case of 6ft. or 7ft. corrugated galvanised iron would answer the same purpose by spreading out from wicket to wicket. Either of these simple protectors could be fixed and removed in a very short time and would insure a good playing wicket to begin with. Cover ground when play ceased, uncover when ready to begin from day to day. This would give each side an equal wicket to play upon, sustain people's interest at white heat, and leave no torment- ing uncertainty about which is the best team. " What cannot be cured must be endured," seems to have been spread like a wet blanket over many a most interesting cricket field, without rhyme or reason. I trust our cricketers will determine this dis- graceful neglect shall cease, and that steps will be taken in future to make our cricket pitch to a very great degree independent of all kinds of weather.—I am, sir, &c.;, WILLIAM STREET. Sandgate, 29th December. ______________ The recent Aaliaan " Belf-denial" effort throughout Austríaca in aid of missions is not likely to fulfil(iVotations (says the S. D. Telegraph). It Ha hoped that about £10,000 would be ssoured o replace the mission on a satisfactory financ»! basis, bat it is doubtful if more than half tb t sum will bs realised. The two wealthiest joooeses (Sydney and Mel- bourne) have noj so far, contributed £2000 between them, pe latest returns showing Sydney £1080, ali Melbourne £820. The'preparatiP of human hair for the market gives emjpyment to 7000 Parisians. TO DAJKEN GBAY HAIR Lockyer1» Suljmr Hair Bostorer, qulokeit, safest, beat; latoj-e» the natural colour! Lookyer's, the rot English Hair Restorer. Largo bottles 1B. 6d., ovrywhere.- IADVT.J EXTRACT EtOM PHIVATE LETTER. Humanly spefjmr, 'BeDger's Food' entirely saved baby'ihfeJ He coola digest nothing uutU wo began the '"»ger.1 Ho is now ro»y, and fattening rapiaivl Benger*» /or infant«, children and inralidf. flt»il in tins, la. Gd-, ->. 6d., li ' and 10»., of ohenit«» &0., everywhere, Agent»--! ' Elliott Bro». aniiCo., and Berkley, Taylor, and Oo,, Brisbano.-fnvT.^ l¿.T.O. KAG,», «Ü.W YEA BXBBT RACE 1,« r.x.-.|Aj)TT.l ?\ 