(l.Rl Mfr1LiluU1fAt' L .i2'iiKIt. ' -'? I' pwocdedu t the -l -.Jyal Commuuiui loen aploiiitd in Sydney for the re-trial of George Dean, convicted of having ad ministered poisn tot/his wife, calls to mind the half-burned story of the Mount eeitmio trial, in which tlhere was nilafter enquiry.. In Dean's caso : great. public pressure was brought to bear, and one of the strongeast arguments used in favor of a re-trial was that tie trial before Judge i Windeyer was a pairdy on. the forms of justice. Many piersns held tile same i opinions respecting thie Mount .Ronnie trial, which was rushed throtigh- before the same judge, who aummed up strongly against the prieulers--just us , he did 8 against Deanl-aid took a hurried verdict friiom a jury exhausted to stupidity by day S ilid iight-sittings. But tie Mount Renni E risaunera woro? withut ifthientlit f-ieuds, 1 nid four of ihehin wi ont truiglitatwny Lu the gallows, while the others were sent to gaol for life. At thal iitlife fao of the law was eat:uauuins.atny. serious enquiry f into thnseharhactr of the Orown witiuesecs, ind in mutch the saute way theirrelrouueh-. abloesse of the characters of the witnesses against Dean was taken for granted at his trial, but he was ii tihe fortunate position of having the past lihitory of those iwho tried to put a. rupal round 'his ~teck thoroughly enquired into. Two of the wituneasss against the Muui.t Rennie prisoners, Stanley and Salith, got into troubl shllortly after tlie stirial, Smith being sentenced to;a long term of im prisolmeltit for-arson,aned Stanley-onily S eeapedl ga.il through 'a little matter con nucted with a cheque" being put right by his friends. Viawingthlu Mlouti Rennie trial ill the present light, it is almost car tait tdiat had there boun a re-trial, as il Deain'is eii?;.full liglit woild hiive been throlwn.out' thel,hitorios of sunmo of the iirtntrasa; E, readiytu tin it isfdvantage, anid,' probably;" the feet of the the faior youtlis who w o?i ei exicuteid viiuld nlnt have stood on tkl giiiliw.au Dfiitighuras gaol. ':To ind a, parallel :to tlhe'MJlount ReItiioe trial, said'tlle"'Riglt ,Iiti.' V. B. Dalley, Q.O.; oanel? kst pelurch thgdarkest and'bloodiset daysou..JIrieJ.hinaory-. The I itaniter- iti-whicih the case was hurried through by t heCrownrv! waasinm.plyj!ufuo u s. The ciunsel.for. tlte; prosecution got their stateiments in at the early part of the week, when the jury were hardly awake and able to understand what was said to t them. " When the defence came on the court eat for forty hours with only five and a half hours intermission. The prisoiors duzed and aslumnbered fitfully ili the dock, some of the lawyers dozed, and oven the jurymei fLund it difficult to keep their.eyees upon ctitinuouslj·. .Whoa ni adjuurmenent was applied fr'll t imidnight by one of the counsel for. the dlfelce, lie was told that unless tie trial proceeded the -jury;{would. be. kept over Suinday. ' Arid so the trial wiront on - until thei nine iiiiioiern woer founld guilty and sentenced to death.' T'he judge who presided .it the trial and sent the lads to the gallows, ijquite recently lent. the light of hise, clun toeiunce to a soluemn enquiry as to the authenticity of Mrs Afellon's ghosts, and was launghed at. The same judge sent Georgd D?:n to the gallows, but he he n escaped (that ignotiniiuua termination .to hisa existence, and in inl goal for life, unless the proceedilge and in il i aequiitnl of tihe crime lie has been convictud of. Short us theloinvestigation before the Royal .OQtunm!ssion has proceedod, the moral charactors if Mrs Deatd and her mothler have not com)e out sult less; but ils the case is sub judice 1 will mnotiuak any further comment at this stage beyond re nimrking that Judge Wilideyer must feel a litle ?incunifortablu li" tihe'light if recent disolosires. There was a" slight fall of snow,n at Stanley on Sunday night last and again ou Moinday mnrnlig.. `The railway receipts for last week were £2071 in excess of what was received during thel corresponding week of l?st year. i , 