1 he White Lie. Tap, tap, tap, sounded a stick along the pathway outside. - ' A blind man ? ' I asked of mine host of the village inn, wherein I was refreshing myself after a hot morning's cycling. 'No, it's only our body-snatcher,' he answered quite seriously. ' Body-snatcher ! ' I repeated. ' He used to make a business of it,' he added complacently. 4 Ask him in to have a drink,' I promptly suggested, as the taps were slowly passing beneath the window. * Here, Harry ! ' called the landlord from the open window, ' could you do with a drink ? ' ' Ay, ay, boy—tew,' was the cheery reply and the taps were &o; unhesitatingly diverted into the inn passage that the invitation was evidently neither unusual nor unwelcome, and the next minute the door was pushed open by a most patriarchal, benevolent-looking old man, whose rheumatic legs and consequent crutches accounted for the tapping, and who, dropping on to the nearest bench, doffed bis cap with a " Thank yew kindly, sir : I'll take a drop o' gin nate." Handing it to him, the landlord said, 'This gentleman would like to hear tell of your body-snatching days, Harry.' A smile that was child-like and bland lighted up the innocent-looking old features, as with a ' Here's my dewty tew ye, sir,' the gin quickly disappeared, and the empty glass was placed in most conspicuous evidence. 'Ah» well, sir, I niver hurt no UvirC soul in all my life,' he said, apologètically, « but them things wor more good to the doctors than a-spilin' in their graves.' ' And is it true you made your living at it?' ' I've made my livin' in many a strange way since I were born, sir.' « And when was that, Harry ? ' 'Well, I can't exactly tell, but I now be on my ninety one, and as a lad I travelled up and down the country-side with old Mother Duck's famous show, actin' as the wild man 0' the words, all kivered with bastes' skins, and chain and muzzled, and a dorzlin' of anyone I could get at, with a whoopin' big cudgel stuffed with straw.' And, with astonishing energy for one so old, he flourished one of his crutches, and gave a fiendish howl in memory of those glorious days « I were at Cackle Fair when a duzzy fuie of a playactor shot old Duck stone dead by accident, and when I went and told his old woman as how her husband were kilt dead on the stage afore all the people, all the old warmint said were, 'Then let the old beggar lie, or he'll spile our fairinV and that's as trew as I'm a-sittin' here afore you now, sir.' 'And when did you take to bodysnatching ? ' ' Atween sixty and seventy years ago, when I were groom at a little place some sixty miles from here.' ' And what made you start it ? ' 'Why, only to oblige my masters, in course,' said the old fellow, with a merry twinkle in his beady little eyes ; ' and then me and my pal Joe, we found the game paid so well, that we snatched all we could get, until folks got that shy they tried all kinds o' dodges to cir.cvimvent us, but it wern't a mite o' good, for we knowed tricks worth ten o' theirs.' ' And what were your tricks ? ' Laughing an unholy chuckle, the old man continued, 'Well, you see, sir, Cackle churchyard were very large and very lonesome, and they had no watch-tower, as they tell me they had in Scotland ; and what with body-snatchers and fear o' ghosts no one cared to come anigh it after dark, when Joe and me often prowled around a-wearin' the master's white carriage sheets, with bullocks' skulls and horns on our heads, a roarin' and a-moanin' and a-dossin' 011e another, till the whole countryside were mortal skeered.' 'Well, then, how did you snatch them?' ' Aisy enow, in course, although they did fill up the graves with great thornbranches and stakes laid cross-ways, to hinder us a-digsrin' down to the coffin, and then went off home a-thinking they had done us proper. The rich folks did do us with their family vaults and bricked graves, though, master, I have snatched 'em even out of there,' and the old man laughed cheerily. Sometimes their relations ' watched ' for a few nights, but generally got tired or skeered in plenty o' time for us, for they marn't lay long i' the arth,' he said, with a suggestive sniff. ' One young chap, a-watchin' of his gal, Joe run at with his bullock's horns, and lawks a mussy ! yew should have heered the yell he give as he flew down the road like the wind, his feet a-patterin' just like hailstones, and Joe and me bust ourselves with smothered larfin' while a-snatching of the poor gal's corpse. We alius dug a big hole down at the head of the grave, where they niver thowt to put none 0' their blamed sticks and truck. Then with a strong bit o' rope we tied an old iron hook to the jackcrane I used to hoist up the master's cart while a-washing of the wheels, and drop pin' it into the hole, hanked it on to the rim of the coffin lid, and could aisy raise up the lid, arth and all, for the old jack could raise a ton or more, and the soil hadn't had time to get sattled down tight. Sometimes the lid cracked off i' the middle, when we had to break out the coffin end. Either ways, we then shoved in a pair of patent nippers I had got made, as did up in a little box for my pocket, but opened out as long as ye arm, all steel with rivets, and with teeth that strong as nothin' could break 'em ; and drawed it out as aisy as pop.' ' And could no one see next morning what you had been doing ? ' ' That worn't much matter if they did, nor so very aisy, for the grave, being a new 'un, were all untidy, and we cut our sods at the head so wonderful n tte, a-puttin' all our arth on to one of our sheets, that they dew say,' he added with evident pride, 'another snatchin' party once dug up one of our empty coffins.' ' And how did you get the bodies safely away ? ' ' Well, that worn't alius so aisy ; but my master's stable was in a field wonderful handy for us, and we dug a big hole in the floor and boarded it over, and then littered plenty of straw on it, and there we often hid 'em till we could slip 'em into the cart and drive 'em to our customers. A rare tine corpse we druv straight off with us one very dark night, dressed up in Joe's big overcoat, and a-sittin y up 'atween us quite natural like. 1 ' Who were your customers ? ' ' Doctors for miles around ; for in them days there worn't no other means o' getting' useful corpses.' ' And were you never caught ? ' ' Niver, though we had some dratted narrow shaves ; but, sh*, we did no crime, for dead folks ain't no man's property, and so long as we never took nothin' else, and we alius put back the poor thing's shrouds and everything belonging to 'em, nothing could be done to us/ he replied, with charming pretended ignorance of the law, under which lie was liable to six months' imprisonment. ' Once,' he continued, ' a curious carrier chap as come to the stable with some corn for the master's bosses, axed us if it were really trew as how we snatched dead bodies ; so Joe just slipped into the stable and whipped the boards off the hole and threw in a bundle of loose straw, when I 'ticed the chap inside, and then all of a sudden tripped backwards into the hole, when Joe rushed at him with a big 1 knife, a-hollarin' out, 4 Off with the wnrmint's head, Harry, and save us the bother of snatching such muck as him,' when the chap went as white as one of our corpses itself, and scrambled out and run right home without his hat or hoss and cart, which I druv home and charged his master tew shillings for my time,' and the old fellow so nearly choked with merriment over his ghastly joke that another gin was absolutely necessary. * Did you snatch from other churchyards ? ' I asked. ' Only when any uncommon good 'uns made it pay, for it were a bit risky movin' 'em so far ; but yew see, sir, I alius had my eye on my master's cases while a-drivin' him on his rounds, and especially noted any as was uncommon fine, or in anywise peculiar. I well remember poor Hatty Baxter, a strappin' fine mawtber, as died quite sudden like, a goodish way from Cackle. My master he say, ' Harry, bor, we must have her,' and I ses, ' Lawks, master, and so you shall ' ; but her old father said as how nobody should get his gal, and set hisself on her grave each night, a-cryin' and a-moaning, * Ob, my darling, thej T shan't snatch yew ; no, don't yew fear 'em,' and a-drinking down so much spirit to keep his up, that a resting his back agin a tombstone, he fell that sound asleep, that we just tied him tightly to it with a couple of stirrup-straps, and snatched the body while he was a-snorin' loud enow to stare folks for miles around ; and they found him the next morning a- hollerin' and a-writhin', and a-diggin' of his heels into the ground, a trying to set hisself free again.' And we all joined in the merry laughter the old reprobate started. ' Could you always dispose of the bodies ? ' * No, sir, for after a busy time fresh corpses get slack, and there worii't no trains in them days to shift 'em to 'furrin parts,' as he called everywhere outside Cackle. 4 Why, I well remembers the fust train as I iver seed ; I was a-drivin' one day, when I heered a strange rumblin', puffin' kind o' noise, and just as I reached the brow of a bit of a hill, a great warmint of a thing come a-tearin' along, and as soon as iver it see me, it shruck awful, and rushed into its burrer under the hill.' * And what did you do with the bodies you couldn't sell.' 4 Biled 'em down into skeletons, and then got good prices for 'em from doctors in furrin parts.' Here the old man gave such gruesome details of the preparation of these skeletons that no wonder popular indignation was at last aroused, and the terrible practice effectually stopped by the simple law handing over unclaimed pauper bodies for dissection. i And how do you earn your living now, Harry ? ' 4 By snatching nettles instead of bodies,' he said quite sadly, showiug me one of his crutches, the arm-rest of which was a kind of lioe, or 4 spud,' as he called it ; 4 4 but my legs get wusser and wus, and I shall soon be in a coffin of my own, and no one will trouble to snatch me out of it nowadays,' he added with quite a ring of regret in his voice for these degenerate days. 4 Well, good-bye, Harry,' I said, as he accepted a little tip for future gins, 4 you did more good than harm, and in a roughand-ready way were a pioneer of science, of whom the antivivisectionists should be proud.' And as he hobbled out of the room, and the majestic tap, tap of his stick died away in the distance, one could scarcely realise that the entirely respectable and kindly old fellow one had been chatting with in this simple village inn was that ghoullike creature of the past, a ival live bodysnatcher. 