floteaatid flofcibnsi t- . : - ' BY 11 Wabrtob," Bpxing Day handicaps of the VaAwT.Ca were published yesterday morn iug./j- A casual glance at Mr. Vowles .handicap leads me to fan ay Bask 8st 61b), The Hummer (8sfc lib), and Kanea- iandai (Set) 1 for the Javeriile Stakes;' Benpcift Boy (llet 41b) or Sylvan Prince (lOet 18lb) tbe Hnrdle Baee;. Palo Alto (8st 61b), Tbe Farisienne (8t), or Homespun (6st 121b) tbe Hope- toun Cup; Cerberus (lfl«t) or West minster (9et 41 b) tbe Handicap Steeple- chase ; and Eiridsforde (9st 81b), Malula (Sat 21b), or .Lord Cborles Scott (7at 71b) tbe Malvern Handicap. Mr. F. F. Dakin'a Standish and Bagot weighte, issued yesterday, appear to have given satisfaction. Of oonrsel everybody expected to see Hova on top 'of the list in both TAceB, I consider .the Standish a very open race, and a likely one to be fonght ont by the eight stone division. If Patron (9st 111b) was well enongh he would prove la rough customer to Hova (9st 18lb) yi the. Bagot Handicap. Palo Alto (8et 9ib), The Parisienne (7st 91b), and Lord Richmond (7st) read well in tbe mile and five furlong Bagot. My reference to the breeding of the New Zealand three-year-old nonpareil, Karoclydon, in " The Sportsman " of the 19th November last appears to have struck its mark, for some of Che best authorities in the colonies have been debating whether Thunderbolt . or The 8peaker is, eCrietly speaking, the sire of the Derby and Canterbury Cap winner. The " Weekly Press," the racing organ of New Zealand, on the 6th inBt. refers to the paragraph in the following manner: — "Attention is called in an Australian paper to tbe fact that Gorton, aire of Euroolydon, is returned in the English I 1 Stud Book,' vol. XIV., page 275, as by The Speaker, and not Thunderbolt, as recorded in these columns when tabulat ing the pedigree of tbe N.Z. Gup, Derby, and Canterbury Cup winner. Such is a fact, but Gorton's dam, Lyra, like Dandee's Katie, was covered by The Speaker and Thnnderholt when pnr- cbased by Mr. Ferguson, and ss it is customary to take tbe lost sire that covered the mare, that course was followed in Gorton's cose. Thunderbolt was a chestnut, Tbe Speaker a bay. Gorton is a chestnut, and shows the markings peculiar to the Stockwell family. Though the English 1 Stud Book ' mentions that Lyra was covered by The Speaker, the Australian and New Zealand Stud Books indicate that both sires covered the mare." Anteros, the New Zealand and New South Wales stallion, after serving the purposes' of tbe turf for a quarter of a century, paid the debt of nature re cently. In 1866 it was said that Anteros covered no less than 120 mares in one season. No doubt his best get was Niagars, tbe sire of the Gaulfield Cup winner. Waterfall. When visiting tbe Sylvia Park stud, Auckland, some nine years back, I was struck very touch with the beauty of tbe nicely ribbed chestnuts, Anteroa and St. Leger. Anteros, who was got by Loiterer (son of Stockwell) from Adrasts, by Orlando— Torment, by Alarm — Glencoe — Alea, by Whalebone, was imported to the colonies by the New Zealand Stud Co. in 1876, and sold to go to Sydoey in 18S5. From the time of Anteros' arrival until his death he was located at Gordon Brook stud. Another racer for Singapore. The steamship Bucephalus will shortly leave Australia for India with a shipment of horses. Among the lot will bo Glenallin -—not A. M'Kenzio's Glen Ullin, 5 yre, by the same Eire. Messrs. Osborne and Daggan's Glenullin, who is by Lochiel from Herbena, started 19 times last season. In tbe space of ten years we have wit nessed three sons of Newbold measuring strides with the best of our cattle on the turf. Ben Bolt not only won the Caul- field 'Cnp and St. Hilda Cop, etc., bat nis relative, oiegapnone, covered nimseu with glory in tbe spring by running Carbine his greatest race in the A.J.C. Craven Plpte (one mile and a quarter, Itnin 7sec) of 1890. Ben Bolt's brother, Bendigo, who most now be ten years old, is still on the 11 war-path." Teddy Keys and William Kelso be tween them have been sticking to old Bendigo pretty well this last few years. The son of Newbold — Lady Baldwin having broken his spell of bad luck by appropriating the Canterbury Flying Handicap, we may, ere long, bear of bim repeating the dose. Ben Bolt, I believe, is Btil) in the land of the living in India, and Megaphone is doing stud duty in Maoriland. Word comes from New Zealand that the racehorses, OBcnlator, Bonnie Scot land, The Possible, and Freda had arrived from Sydney at Auekland in splendid oondition. The steamship Tas mania had a smooth passage across to the North Island. And yet another Musket horse for England. Mr. J. O. Hayward, of Wairarapa, New Zealand, is going home to purchase a St. Simon stallion for the Wairarapa and Mauawata district. He will take with him Derringer, a son of Musket and Rosalie, to the Cobham Stud Company, England. Splebdide, who won tbe Queensland Cup last week in 8min 86|?ec, is by Splendor ont of Coloiia. Although the cattle Splendide met at Brisbane tbe other day can't be considered Aurariaa or Qov&s;, nevertheless she is a first-olaes animal. Splendide has repeated the Paris Oaulfiold victory by winning tbe same race twice, the Qaeensland Cap of 1892 having been won by this daughter of Splendor ; also the Brisbane Cup in the same year. Last week, at Moonee valley, San- down, and Bosehill, the winning stallions were Neckersgat, Middlemarch, Trenton, Newminster, Skipper, Robinson Omsoe, Sardius (8), Explosion, Invermay, First King, Andover, The Englishman, Leo- linns, Gibraltar, and The Australian Peer. All There — who, if I mistake not, made his first appearance on a race course at Moonee Valley on tbe 24th March, 1891, in the Aeoot Handicap, won by Mr. S. Miller's Ginger — pulled tbe bookies through at Bosehill (Sydney) on Saturday. Starting at any price in the Flying 'Welter Handicap, the aged son of Leolinus— Love beat the 2 to 1 favorite, Tarrion, home fay a head. All There has been a very expensive horse to his owners, the Spring Handicap at Williamstown, when he beat Leyland and Moscow, being about his best victory on the turf. Referring to the case of Trauoe, the " Queensland Observer" remarks — " Tbe racing on the' whole was of an interesting description, and but for the regrettable incident which occurred in connection with the race for the Queensland Cap, and which )ed to the life disqualification of the well-lmown racing more, Trance, her owner (G. Thurston), and rider (R. Thurston), for foal riding and pulling, tbe day'e sport would have passed off withont a bitch of any kind. It was MMntllv hnltAvnd that the influence of ooosnltation sweep money would have a considerable bearing upon the probable result of the most important race of the meeting, and to this belief was due the decline of Tranoe in the betting market when it was discovered that her owner had not been fortunate enongh to seenre from the drawer of the mare a share in the mammoth prize. Whether or not the absence of a portion of tbe sweep money was responsible for the ridiculous manner in whioh the mare was handled in the race is nofc quite clear, but in the face of all the circum stances the stewards had no other course open to them than that whidi they iijfoptod wfthont very much considera tions At an 'sidy period of the race Ttance was taken to the front, which is itself was a suspicions proceeding, seeing that she woe carrying .such a heavy- weight/ bnt tHe manncr in which she jostled' -Newbold for ihe better .part, of half a mile was patent"W everyone, and after going a mile and a furldugher rider j took her off the track and pnlled np..Tn the absence of any satisfactory explEna- .tion of such conduot, the opinion was freely hazarded that from .the lrtarfc riae maris was never meant to win. Th't at all events,- was the view which the Q.T.G. .stewards took of the matter, and cheir decision, met with almost tm&mmoas; approval when it leaked out that' Ahy5 rider had made tbe ridicftlons statement in explaDation of his reason for pulling up that he was unable to ride the mere." I think, the time has arrived when etewards;in the colonies should mete cut justice in the same, bold manner as the Q.T.C. Over and over again racing men have been eye witnesses to cases < where horeeB, who hadn't the ghost of a show of keeping up strides with a favo rite, being sent oat to the post for inter fering purposes. Scores .of jockeys have never been reported for purposely fouling a well-backed horse in a race, whilst others have got off with a few months' ' suspension. I would ask how many animals are started in our Gaulfield -and Melbourne Gups for no oartkly reasoh, than to block an opponent? - Last week, when alluding to the late Mr. Wt G. Yuille as the originator of the " Australian Stud Book," I forgot to mention the nameB of Mr. Archie Yuille and Mr. F. F. Dakin. Both these gentle men have worked very hard on tbe lostfoux vols, of the Stud Book. . - The Nursery Handicap at Bosehill last, Saturday furnished a very respectable class of two-year-olds. Absolution, a bay filly by The Australian Peer from Penitent, finished in front of Mr. S. Hordern's brown gelding Reward, by Nordenfeldt— The Gift, and Mr. Justin M'Sweeney's Malua— Fortune Teller brown filly Tawera. Among the starters were a filly by Lochiel — Hope, a gelding by Ahercorn — Lady Vivian (imp.), and chestnut colt by Lochiel — Mad&moiselle.; Since Mr.T. Dwyer's Premier (7st91b), ridden by Batty, pulled off the Queens land Gup in 1878, the following have been returned winners : — Napper Tandy, Canary, Cadmus, Mirabeau, Wheatme&t;, Petronel (tbe race was named Prince of Wales Cnp when carried off by the last three horses), My Love, Friendless, Touchstone, Citadel, Fernando, Buttons, Realm, Splendide, Avenue, Battalion, and Splendide. 