CUE AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB. ? BENEFIT PERFORMANCE. Another addition to tlie successful en. t-ertaiii 111 ents given by the Cue Amateur Dramatic ami Musical (.'lull touli place in tho Miucrs' Institute on Saturday evening in aid of .Toe l!u;idiii, who had the misfortune to luse his foot in ;m accident which occurred 11 short time ago at the Lily mine. Tlierc was a large attendance and the performance throughout went with a swing. I11 addition to the performers who took p;irt in the previous entertainments was Mr. Edmund Leasli a new arrival from the Old Country, who in coinpniiv with his brother, Mr. George Leask, lias taken up his residence 011 the Murchisou. This genUemiin possesses a wealth of ramie songs, and created quite t\ furore. To commence with lie gave the well-known comic song, " I've worked eight hours this day," to a pianoforte acconip.'mimcnt played by his brother The result was so satisfactory to th audience that an encore w»» demanded, to which Mr. Leask responded with a whistling comic, almost sending the audience into convulsions. Before he was allowed to retire from the stage he had to contribute a third item, which was equally pleasing. Tlie major portion of the programme, although not new, was brought out with a force which revealed the benefit of extra rehearsal. The concluding farce—" The four o'clock train,' made a very amusiii" wind-up. Mr. Snowball (J. W. Lewis) is out 011 the scoot. Entering tho Q Hotel he is anxious to know what time the four o'clock tram goes, and is informed by the landlord, Jim Lilies, (A. 11. Deigdton). that it has gone three-quarters of an hour ago. Seeing that there will not be another train until four o'clock to- morrow, poor old Snowball lias to submit to the inevitable and stay nt the hotel for the night. The only room available is one which is visit ed punctually at twelve o'clock each night by three ghosts, of which fact Snowball is made aware, to the detriment of his nervous system. He endeavours to retain the company of tlie I ndlord until the ghosts had paid tneir visit. They are seated side by side, the landlord entertaining his guest with yarns, Sc., when the dreaded hour having arrived, one of the ghosts puts in tut appearance. Snow ball is in the midst of the pathetic song, 'My Grandfather's Clock," when, unperceived, the landlord does the disappearing trick, and the ghost takes posses siou of the vacant seat. Snowball, being vigorously engaged in his song, does not make the discovery for a minute or two, but immediately he sees the dreaded ap paritiou by his side, the spill which ensues may be better imagined than described. As the curtain is dropping Snowball's large fouctcens are visible in the position usually occupied by his head. " Prima Douua for a night," played at Day Dawn on the previous Saturday evening, was also produced. Financially the result was exceedingly satisfactory. The total receipts amounted to i'18 4s. Tickets taken at the door gave a yield of i'- r > 8s; cash taken at the door, M016s; Clias. Moss, special donation of £1; expenses i'3 0s lOd, leaving a balance of over £'14 to bo bonded to tho unfortunate Ulan in aid of whom the concert was pi'oij.oied. 