[CONTINTTKD §FROU TVEDXESDAY's ISSpx. [axl rights reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PIRATE TEN. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. Bt W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Goldex Hope,'' "The Death Ship," "The Good Ship Mohock," aic. CHAPTER XIV.—(continued.) Grasping the body with their fish hooKs of fingers the Jacks tossed it aboard soaking and streaming like a thunder shower. It was then laid in the stern sheets and the boat made for the brig. Whilst this was doing Mr. Hardy pulled out a sharp clasp knife and cut a-,ray the gag. She had good features but she was ghastly to horror's own decree in that searching light owing to the eyeballs showing like slips of china betwixt the lids, and to the lips being almost pale as the cheeks through compression of the liga ture. The apparel was very scanty, consist ing, so far Mr. Hardy could make out, of a dressing- gown over a flannel petticoat and woman's ordinary night clothes. Hor feet were naked—very pretty little feet they were, Mr. Hardy thought; doubtless they • had been slippered when the poor creature for some murderous motive or other had been sent adrift. ' It looks to me,' exclaimed Sir. Hardy, "azing up at the Commander, whoso im mense roasted face, overhanging the rail, was reflected in the smooth water as though it had been the moon, ' as if there had been some piratical business on down here, sir.' 'Bring her aboard—bring hor aboard,' exclaime~d the Commander, stiffening his figure, and sending a look round the ocean with a man-o'-war's man's sniff. In fact the mere thought of it whipped fifty new pulses into his sturdy shape. They unshipped the gangway, and with this.sort of reverence which good sailors will exhibit towards the dead (and more particu larly towards those of the dead who might have been mothers, wives, sisters, and sweet hearts in this world) a few of the Jacks of the brig Wellesloy handed the body aft and with pains and patience down the narrow companion ladder. ' Trim sail, Mr. Hardy,' said Commander Boldock, 1 then come below and let me hare your opinion.' The cabin of the Wellesley was worthy of her. It was dim and faded ; it was like the back parlor of some old-fashioned London coffee house ; not hard to pesplc with marine ghosts ; indeed they grew upon the eye of imagination as one looked, being alone in thst little cabin with no sound to disturb one but the murmur of water outside and the squeak of a rat in the depths. Phantom salts in pig-tails and round hats would take their seats at that short black oak table agleam with use. They murmured tale3 in ghost like voices of the vanished past; they rebuilt the old East Indiarnan to the vision and she floated large, lofty, and shining ; they re called the hurricane chorus of the forecastle Saturday night, and they made you ask with Wordsworth ' Where i3 it now, the glory and the dream.' Two middle-sized cabins were seated under the wheel. The bodyofthewomanwascarried into the port cabin, the starboard berth being the Commander's, and very tenderly laid upon a locker. The men who had brought her below stood off whilst Commander Boldock drew close to peer into the face thst looked cold and hard as granite. ' This seems a case of murder,'said the Commander, apparently thinking aloud. ' Beg pardon your honor,' said one of the seamen, touching his forehead, a homely middle-aged, good-naturedsailor, withaLime house look and a hand of yellow oakum dang ling al his chin, 'that body's not been long in iiha water.' 'How do you know? said the Commander, whipping hisgreat face round upon him sharp and eager. ' I'll swear it by the color of. the skin, sir.' ' Would you think she's alive, then, Adams V said the Commander. • ' Yes, sir.' ' What should be done then ?' said Bol dock, coiuplainingly, 'If you have any knowledge of tiiis sort of thing, turn to. I'd not have her die upon our hands after saving heo life.', The shoes and bell-shaped legs of Mr. Hardy fluttered in the companion-way, and down camc the whole man. ' Adams thinks she may be alive,' said the Commander. ' She's got to bo dried and wrapped in blankets first of all,' said Mr. Hardy, after taking a short but earnest view of the face, ' and then artificial respiration might be attempted. What d'ye say, Adams ?' ' That's it, sir. And perhaps a spoonful of rum to lie at the back of the throat wouldn't hurt.' 'Then he%ve ahead,' said Commandor Boldock. It seemed a hopeless undertaking, but these.bronzed and blunted children of the brine knew very well with Horatio Nelson that at sea nothing is impossible and nothing improbable —a maxim that should ever be the philosophy of British sea affairs. Com mander Boldock looked on ; Mr. Hardy and Adams did the work. They stripped to their shirts, for it was mighty hot in that little cabin, and first they dried her, and they then wrapped her up in a blanket, and then'they got Adams' prescription of rum becwixt her lips, and proceeded to artificialJy inflate the lungs. They rolled her on this side, then.on that, then over, then back again ; Adams seemed to know hi3 business. 'It might take two hours,' said Mr. Hardy, with tho sweat running like tears down his face. 'Keep all on,' said Commander Boldock, deeply interested, ' I wish I could fist her as you do. I'll tell you what, Mr. Hardy, under the good God's ej'Q we'll warp her back to tho mooring buoy she's been cut from. The longer you live, the more you'll find the miraculous in everything, for if that lady wasn't floating in our course expressly to be picked up that breath mi^ht be kneaded into her, what was it doing in our road V ' She ain't de^d,' said Adams. ' I believe the man's right, sir,' said Mr. Hardy, as 'no gently drove the body towards tho bulkheads for Adama to drive back again. ' If she comes to, it'll be the g;;g that saved her lite, sir,' said Adams, feeli11tr him self entitled under the circumstances to be loquacious ; ' it stopped tho water from flow ing into her mouth.' ' Hard to realise a live body floating though, all tho same,' said Mr. Hardy, let ting go a minute to wipe his face. 'She looks fresh,' exclaimed the Comman der. 'That's my meaning, sir,' said Adams, ' I'll swear by her color she ain't been more than four or five hours overboard.' ' \Vh?.t she belongs to may be in sight,' exclaimed the Commander. * Don't let go of her, Htrdy V he continued, in his deep, remonstrating voice. ' until you're both cock sure it's all up, I'd like to hear heryarn, too, and what happiness to re3toro so pleasing a figure to this theatro of life ! I'll look in on ye again soon.' He went out and trudged up the steps. ' J ump aloft a hand and report anything in sight,' he called out. A man sprang into the fore-shrouds, and as nimbly as though he had beenhoist- ed with a run gained the royal yard and stood holding by the truck carefully sweeping the sea. His white trousers trembled again at the blue and the figuro all that way up looked like a toy sailor, something clean and brightly painted out of a box, just thcj object for a boy to fix in the stern sheets of his little boat; yet a real man's deep bass voice floated down from the heights after a few minutes during which the diminished shape had been strenuously eyed by Commander Boldock. Nothing in sight ! Those high perched eyes had sunk down deep beyond the sensible horizon Gf the deck and there was nothing in sight. The little brig was stem ming quietly into the heart of the mighty Pacific solitude, the only object afloat per haps for hundreds of leagues. The man stayed on the yard and sought tho remote liquid confines again for any gleam of star light canvas that he might cast a light of satisfaction on that large bland moon of red face that continued upturned at him upon the quarter deck. To no purpose. There was nothing in sight, and so down he eamo on the royal back-jtay, enlarging as he grew like a descending lark out of tho speck it makes till he leapt, a man to the eye ! off the bulwark rail. Where the dickens, thought the Com mander, has that body come from? How long has it boon in the water'? Why was she gauged. He took a number of turns upon hia quarter-deck, deeply musing. Presently the scent of fried ham penetrated his noso,andtha steward came out of the little galley bearing I the cabin breakfast. I 'Send the bo'sun aft,' called the Com I mander. I A short man with strong whiskers and a | wliistlo hanging at his neck came briskly from the forecastle. ' Watch the brig, Mr. Stubbins, will you?' said the Commander, in tones as though he were remonstrating with the man, ' Whilst Mr. Hardy tries to roll tho breath of life in to the body below. Do you know anything about the treatmeni of the drowned 1' . ' When a man's picked up drowned,' said the boatswain, who was very thick of speech, looking askant at his captain as though he suspected one more dry joke in this voyage, 'ain't it the treatment to bury him ' It is clear you never walked the hospi tals,' said the Captain. ' Ay, sir, as a hout-door patient.' ' Watch the brig, if you please, Mr. Stub bins,'" and the Commander went below. It was hot in the cabin ; the little yawn of skylight fetched no a:r in; the windows were scuttles of the diameter of a saucer. The Commander found the atmosphere a little oppressive wheo he got to the bottom of the ladder, not perhaps because of the tempera ture, to which he was used, nor because of the heat that seemed to be increased by the strong smell of fried bacon, but because of the adjacency of a body which might be i dead. Even sailors know momenis of aqueamishness. Jack, spite of the harness cask and the bread barge, enjoys, his qualms as well as another. The Commander turned his back upon the : breakfast table, and looked into tho cabin ! where the body lay. The two men were at that instant bending over the woman with uplifted hands, in attitudc-s of rapt and: ravishad attention. A Eound as of a sigh, very delicate and faint, reached Boldock's ears. Gold heavens ! could it be the utter ance of the brig strained by some passing swell, or— Mr. Hardy turned, saw the Commander, and exclaimed in a heavy whisper, ' She's breathing.' Very slow was this return of life, and the bacon had long turr.edpale in the cabin before the nsmelessfigurelayanunconsciousbutrest fully breathing woman. It was not their man- i handling that did it : it was wonderful indeed that tho trembling fiamo of life had not been promptly extinguished by Mr. Hardy's and the seamen's well meaning thrusts, and har.vcs-hos and kneidings. Commander BoSdock thought he understood how it happened she was alive. ' In fact, Mr. Hardy,' said he whilst the three stood beside the bunk looking at the woman , ' she never could have beon drowned.' ' So it should seem, sir.' said Mr. Hardy a little weak in the voice with his long and splendid labor. ' This gag saved her life,' said the Com mander, taking the thing off a locker and examining it. ' It was made with devilish cunning. Look here at this amidship knob for filling the mouth. What's the stufi'! I believe it is formed of a couple of pocket handkerchiefs stitched together. Yes, by George !' continued the Commander, turning tho thing about. 'And see here, Hardy,' he exclaimed in a cry deep with excitement ; j A name, mail, a name ! What is it ?' They peered together. Adams alongside looking on, and tho woman breathing quietly, though you could hear her in that pause. It wan easy to read : ' Diko Caldwell.' ' We'll dry this gag and carefully put it away as evidence,' said Boldock. ' It may help us to hang a man who is too wicked to exist in a world in which sailors live.' 'Extraordinary to me, sir,' said Adams, ' 'aving her 'ands free she didn't try and tear off the gag ; tho struggle 'ud have sunk her.' ' Proof positive,' said the Commander, ' that she was in a swoon when she was launched. She's a fine looking young woman upon my word.' He stepped closc to the bunk and looked at hor. The blood was beginning just a little to tincture the white lips, but their color was still ghastly. Her syes, however, had come to their bearings. The fringes 'Were apart and the sleeper seemed to look through them; the bidls of vision were clear and bright. The mass of wet rags of hair streamed off from her head upon the bolster and blanket. ' Upon my word,' exclaimed Boldock, turning t •> the two men, his large sun- colored face beaming with heart-felt satisfaction, ' I would not have missed having had a hand in this job for all the pay I am going to get till I die' CHAPTER XV. Miss Massel's Sxoey. At three o'clock on the afternoon of the day on which the brig had fallen in with the body of the young woman, Captain Boldock was pacing the deck alone, frequently paus ing, howover, to direct a glance at the cabin through tho skylight. The brig swam very slowly over the sea. Out upon the ocean tho silence was wonderful, and tho distance to the clear glass-like line seemed as far as all the way to heaven. Every time the Welle.--ley curtseyed the large white letters on her stern struck like lines of light into | tho space of smooth -water her Launches 1 polished with their blows. You might have « read her name in the water by looking over the stern. Commander Boldock watched the horizon rise and fall past the hairy face of the man at the wheel; he listened to the cannonading of the canvas aloft; he gazed moodily round tho sea, he then mado a step to the companionhatc'n, intending to descend, but was stopped by Mr. Hardy's figure ris ing. ' Well ?' said the Commander. ' She has taken the broth and the sherry, sir, and I believo she will do,' exclaimed Mr. Hardy. ' Is ohe rational V 'Quite, sir.' ' Lor' bless me ! And how does she talk ?' ' As a lady.' ' Questioned hei at all, Mr. Hardy Y ' Wouldn't take the liberty of doing' it, sir. Left that to you.' ' Is she strong enough to support a con versation, do you think V ' There could be no harm perhaps in try ing it,' answered Mr. Hardy, doubtfully. ' She's a deal bewildered, of course, as is natural.' ' I suppose she wouldn't object to my looking on her?' said Boldock, with an ex pression of natural modesty improving his face. ' Poor thing What's she to do ? It can't bo helped,' said Mr. Hardy. ' Of course, she'd be glad if her hair was done up, and feel easier if she was properly dressed. How is she to be clothed,' he con I tinucd, 'supposing she lives, has been bothering me, sir.' 'What are her thinks?' inquired Boldock. ' A sort of dressing gown that when dried may make a kind of dress, and what they call a flannel petticoat,' said Hardy, looking with his leer at the Commander. ' I know what that is,' said Boldcck. ' It is a good serviceabls garment far females. She'll have to make shift somehow. We niU3t hope to speak something with a woman aboard. I'll go and see her,' he said in his deop complaining voice. Ho descended with courage to the cabin, but when there his heart a little failed him. He was a bachelor. lie had spent the greater part of his life at sea, knew little of women and their ways, and was nervous in their company. He mado a slow step or two to : the door of the cabin in which the girl lay, 3nd looked in, and started in meeting the gaze of a pair of large black eyes. The girl was now so far recovered as to look a palo but living, intelligent, good- looking young woman, different widely from the white-lipped body they had rolled into life that morning. She was wrapped in blankets, and nothing was visiblo but her head, which rested upon a bolster. Mr. Hardy had tried to dry her hair, but to little purpose. It was still clotted with biine and snaked in large gluey tresses about her shoulders. Commander Boldock bowed and tho girl smiled, exposing a very good set of teeth. ' I am the Commander of this brier, madam,' eaid he, 'my name is Boldock; Commander Boldock, of the Royal Navy. I have ventured to look in upon you to aee how you are.' ' I am better and stronger, and shall feel quite well to-morrow I am sure,' answered the girl. ' So ! You are English ! I like to know that we have saved the lifo of a fellow countrywoman,1 said Boldcck, sitting down on a locker. 'You have been very mira culously preserved.' • 'It is a dream,' said the girl in little more than a whisper, rolling up her eyes. ' Can you recollect how it was, or why it was, that you .were floating in the sea gagged ?1 ' Oh, yes. I have a perfect recollection,' answered the lady, letting her eyes fall from the upturned look to heaven, and fastening them upon Boldock's face. 'I have a perfect recollection,' she repeated, with a countenance of horror. 'It was dreadful, merciless, monstrous—shall I tell you the story ?' Her emotion started the blood, and her cheek got a little color, 'Not unless you feel equal to the job,' said the Commander. ' But v/iil you first tell me what ship thja is—where I am—what part of the world v e are in ?' 'You are on board the surve ;-ing brig, Wellesley, a colonial vessel. She belongs to Sydney, and is the property of the Govern ment,' said the Commander,' and I am in charge of her. We are bound,' lie continued in his deep voice, speaking as though feeling more and more aggrieved, ' on a surveying expedition. We want to determine the place of certain shoals and a line of coral reefs that's brought up more than one ship all standing. We are at present in the South Pacific, about a fortnight's sail from Sydney.' She listened eagerly, the intellect so brightening in her vision that when he was done her fine dark eyes glowed upon him. 'My name i3 Margaret Mansel,' shebagan. Boldock bowed. ' I am a, governess and went to Australia two years ago to seek a living, but could do no good fcr myself, so I sailed a week or two since for England in a ship called the Queen.' 1 A barque,' said the Commander. ' Ben son's her master. I know them both.' 'Among the passengers,1 said Miss Mansel. speaking in a low level voice as though nursing her small strength of lungs, perhaps constrained to that leisurely measure of speech by tho sense of being bound up with nothing showing but her head, for tho human voice will flatten when the arms are help Jess, 'were ten men. They formed tho greater proportion of tho people of the Queen carried in the cuddy. They wore a mysterious lot, and from the hour of my first sitting with them at the table, overhearing them and observing them, I distrusted them. It van alwayo in my head that they had come on board as a gang—I could not imagine their motives : I understand that the Cap tain suspected them but could not bring nothing homo. One was a surly brutal looking man. His name was Dike Cald well. ' ' Ha !' exclaimed tho Commander, in a voice that rose from the depth of his soul. 'Why do you cry out ?' asked Miss Man sol, trying to lift her head. ' Pray proceed,' said Boldock. ' Another was Mr. Mark Davenire,' tho girl went on, 'a huge dangcrou3-looking man. I fancy that the person they called Captain Trollope wa3 the head of the com pany, but never could make sure, never could nick up any hint or catch any look to suggest an idea. They were very cautious, seemed njt to know each other at first, walked and talked in couples, and their con versation at the tablo was all about nothing at all. One night tho arms chest was broken open, and all tho arms stolen.' 'Oho !' said the Commander, opening his eyes wide with such a sudden fiery sniff of his nostrils as rounded them almost to tho ridiculous fancy of the grinning lips of a pair of carronades. ' We wove all very much alarmed,' con tinued Miss Mansel, 'and the Captain in the morning ordered the cabins to be searched. But no arms were found. The cabins of the ten men were ransacked and the men them selves assisted, shouting with laughter, elbowing the two officers and finding nothing j but fun and horseplay in the serious busi ness.' I The Commander broke into her speech | with a low whistle, whilst he bestowed upon I her a train of significant nods. ' Is it not an extraordinary story?' said Mis3 Mansel. ' It promises to be the most extraordinary that ever was heard of at sea,' answered Boldock. The young lady smiled wanly but did not continue to speak. 'Don't distress yourself,' said Boldock, 'I will return in a minute, madam.' Ho rose with his enflamed face full of gocd natured, sailorly concern, and stepping into the cabin, drew a bottle of Madeira from a locker, and filled a wine-glass. He returned and presented it to tho young lady, who, however, as may bo supposed, was in no condition to release her arms. Boldock, 3waying on his legs with the full wine-glass poised in his fist, gazed with ombarrassment. at Miss Mansel, who bit her lip and flushed deep with tho sense of her state, scarcely knowing what to do with her cye3. ' There's but one way—if you'll permit me,' said Commander Boldock, and sinking upon his knees he passed his arm with affecting tenderness under her head and wet hair thus raising her lips to the glass, and so she drank. Tho wine gave her animation. Boldock resumed his seat on the locker and Miss Mansel proceeded. ' I think it must be last night. I cannot be sure, indeed. Can you guess how long I had been in the water when you picked mo up?' ' Not very many hours,' said tho Com mander. ' Then it might have been list night at 1 about half-past nino or ten ; it was a close ' i night, very hot under the awning ; T saw tlio ' large sail that hangs upon the middlo mast hanging down upon the lower dock, and thought I would go there for quiet and coolness. I sat down at the foot of the mast; all was in deep shadow. Whilst I sat in thought, two men came to the ether side of the mast, lighted their pipes and began to talk. I knew them by their voices. One was Mr. Patrick Weston and the other Mr. Dike Caldwell. Thoy tulkcd low but clearly. They were a little heedless with drink, I fancy. What I heard astonished, territied, turned me into stone. I gathered that one of the ten, called Hankey, had plundered the arms chest when everybody was on deck looking at a burning ship, and dropped the weapons through the window, overboard. They talked of the ' Queen ' having three hundred thousand pounds' worth of gold in her and then I understood the meaning of the presence of the gang in the ship. They spoke of the man Captain Trollopo as being in command, and Sir. Weston said he v.as sick of waiting, and wondered why the ship was not to be seized that night.' Commander Boldock whistled softly, keen ing time to the brief fluting of his lip?, with a spread of large square-ended fingers upon hi3 round stout knoea. ' What happened to me afterwards,' said Miss Mansel, closing her eyes in a visible straining of her mind, 'has confused my memory, but what I learned from the talk I overheard was this : That there was a great treasure in gold in the ship, and that this gang of ten men wers on board to seize her. Presently one called the attention of the other to the shooting stars ; I got up and walked into the cuddy, and stood a moment or two at the table to consider what I should do. I was very frightened. I am a great coward. I feared if these men knew t had' their secret they would murder me. I asked myself shall I go and tell Captain Benson at once what I hive overheard ? Ard then I thought, if he should not believe me 1 Or if he should not take any step that night, or if he should be helpkess^to. deal with the wretches on my evidence, still they might get hold of the ship and kill me or horribly ill- use me out of malice and revenge. So I went into my cabin without being able to form any resolution, meaning to think over what I had heard and let the morn ing bring its own judgment. Did I do right? Was I reasonable, Captain Boldock 1 Is this how a frightened, woman would act V ' You should have gone straight to the Cap tain,' said Boldock. ' It would have been his duty to protect you. Why shouldn't ho have accepted your evidence? There was the robbery of the arms, chest that alone would have justified him in acting upon what you had overheard.' ' They must-, have known I had listened,' exclaimed Miss Mansel. ' Looks like it certainly,' exclaimed the Commander, in a deep and stormy voice. ' I cannot gue3s what the hour was,' con tinued the young lady, growing white with memory 'when I|was startled by a light knock ing upon my cabin door. I was wide awake, and had been feverishly ill wiclo awake. The least sound sent a chill through me. All the time i was wondering whether the ship would be seized tint, night, and what I should do with my tremendous secret ? When I hoard that knocking I called out, who ia it ? What do you want, ? and a voice answered. ' I am Trickle, the ship's steward, miss. The Cap tain wishes to see you immediately in his cabin!' Somehow I instantly connected the summons with what I had overheard, never reilectingthat Captain Benson could not know that I had the secret of the gang. I jumped out c/ bed. At that moment I heard a strange wailing noise upon tlio- water. The port hole was open, .the sound seemed infinitely distant I wrapped myself up in a dressing gown and opened the door, and was grasped by the throat and gagged. I can recollect being gagged and the miserable 3ensation of suffocation, but no more, until I woke to life here.' Misa Mansel ceased. (Tolc continued next Wednesday.) 