"GENERAL" BOOTH IN MELBOURNE. SALVATION ARMY DEMONSTRA TIONS. MEETINGS AT TIIE EXHIBITION. "Holinesa aud hard work" !> the precept whioh 44 General" Booth say# he ha# followed throughout hi# life, and there 1# no doubt that he i# doing a quantity of oratorical work during his visit to Australiae Last week in Sydney and Melbourne ho addressed 15 meetings, which is a good record of publicHpeaking capability for a man closely approaching tboallottcd span. On Satur day afternoon lie addressed a special meeting of children at the head quarter# in Bourke-strout, and in the evening he presided over a private conference of his local follower! at which their methods of work came under roview for frank criticism And useful advice from the head of the Army. At the meeting on Friday night Genoral Booth Baid that many people would no doubt like to see the dirty linen of the Salvation Army washed in public,'butthe Salvationists were not fooU enough to provide sport for th© gods. So on Saturday night what woBhing there was to be done was done in private, and the 44 soldiers" doubtless came away with their minds thoroughly eleansed by the valuable commentary of their leader on tbe work they had beon doing in Melbourne. Yestorday was "a day of salvation" at the . Exhibition Building, and those who attended had the advantages of leading an impeccable -life moit fully and earnestly, enforced upou itliem. Morning, afternoon and evening tbe 'vast-building resounded with tho Adjurations of the Salvationists « in. eong and prayer aud the spoken word ; and any sinner leaving the ,ntmophore of prayerful- appeal unconverted muiit have been possessed of Bumetliing more than the robust consoienco of Ibsen'# vikings. It was well .that tbo Salvationist# hired tbe Exhibition for the day, as the audiences were exceptionally' large, and great difficulty was experienced in seating within speaking range all who had come to hear the "General." A largo proportion of those present of course consisted of members of the red jersey brigade, and not a few "soldiers" travelled long distances from the country iu order to be present. At each meeting General " Booth puc in nn appearance and delivered stirring addresse#, calculated to arouse tho sinner to a sense of his shortcomings and lead him to tho penitent form. In fact, the "General's " addresses had this rfTt-ct on many a troubled soul, and it was quite interesting to witusss the process of conver-ion at the long form practised on many persons duting the day. In Sydney, it appears, 600 sinners were 'brought to rtpontnuce as the result of 44 Gene ral " Booth' gospel appeals, and at the Exhibi tion yesterday a piomisiug start was made toward# eclipsing this number. Besides deliver ing a sermon, the 44 General" got to wotk in other direction#. For instance, a# some of the song4 were being sung lis would read out a verso, and cuter upon n long epexlgetioal statement concerning it, some of the v«i#es serving as text for quite lengthy discourses. Each of the "General'#" addresses yesterday was more or Iosh a dissertation on some Biblical theme, containing, of oouwo, a liberal sprink ling of vigorous thrusts at ciime, ami sin, and selfishness. In one of the addresses he was par- ticubirly vehemeutconceiuingthoMinoffilthinesH. God, lie said, bad dug out hell in order that all spiritual dirtshould go into it, and acoording to tho spiritual law of gravity thero was a tendency by which all that was good would fly up to the throne of Grace, and all that waH filthy and foul , would 'gravitate to that deep and dark abyss where God Almighty.would ultimately shut up the devil,, pnd nil wliq would nob accept God as their sovereign. .FiltuinesH permeated every relation of human life, ami in politics and business it was particularly rampant. Amid many fervent 44 hallelujahs " the 44 General "sought to incul cate the doctrine of cheerfulness by urgiug people not to become victims of worry, because God had made them to be happy. Some people, he said, worried themselves to such an extent because Mary Jane had the fever and John had tbe rhoumattcs that the Holy Ghost could uot got near them. During the day tho 44 General " made a peculiar announcement. He said on Wednes day evening, after the meoting at whioh Lord Brassey would speak, a procession would be formed to march to the Temperance Hall, where a meoting would bo held for those who were hot in the habit of attending places of worship." Invitations were being sent out to reach the outcasts, and neoulecould come whether drunk or sober. 44 You oan roadily understand what sort of a meeting that will bo," drily re marked the 44 General." The Salvationists are by no means backward in extracting money from the public. Yester day, for example, they not only had a uilver col lection at the entrance door of the Exhibition, but the plato was handed round in addition at each meeting. It is evidently their object to make money while the attractive personality of the 44 General " shines in tho community. 44 A Day with God " is announced to be held thiB morning, afternoon and evening at the Town Hall, the subject of 44 General " Booth's addresses boing "Boundless Salratiou." On Wednesday night 44 General" Booth will conduot hi# final public meeting in Melbourne, hi# subject being .Social;. Miseries And Their Remedies. Sir John Madden will preside. 