[?] The Now South Wales team have decided 1 henceforth to discard the cheering light blue and don the raoro sombro black crape of death-dom. Tlie change is not a bit too soon. A Horrier exhibition of batting than that given us on Thursday I have never seen on a fairly good wicket. I felt my tacu lengthen as Harry Moses got out, and at the finish I am sure it was as long as a giraffe's, and as sour as bad vinegar. One or two of the best batsmen happoncd to liavo a bit of bad luck at the start, and then tbe others proceeded to and fro like a lot of fifteenth raters. Of course, fclio bowling wns on tlio spot, but the wicket was not bad, and 99 runs under the circum stances, pshaw ! Tho fact of the matter is the N.S.W. fellows cannot play an up hill gnmo, if they happen to lose a couplo of good wickets for next to nothing. Something seemed to be wrong with every man in tho team. They wont out as if a dark cloud wore depressing them. As usual, Noss Iredale and Sid Grogory were tho leading run-getters, but even this trusty pair were not so frisky as usual. Frank was pottering about until he got a nasty whack on tho knee. Then ho got another on the same spot that made him wince. He was batting an hour for 9 runs, which, for Frank Iredale, yon know, is not too good. Sid Grogory was batting very well, though not forcing matters, when Mitchell made a grand catch at cover. Tho fieldsman stopped it high up, and caught ' the ball on the bound from bis bands. 9 9 I am not going over that funereal in nings ; it baflles description. If you were not there you lost nothing, and if you were, your feelings do not require further harassing. Over tho festive cup of coffee at the end old Blackham looked happy, and said one or two nice things, a chalk mark being accordingly placed on one of tho window sills by some wag. Tom Garrett was not quite so porky as John M'Carthy. He would not say that tho better team bad won, but ho would say that, in his opinion, tho laws of cricket required amending, so that tho power of an umpire to stop play while rain was not falling and wicket was not a mud puddle should be eu.io away with. These remarks were received in ominous silence by tlie Victorian coterie. 9 9 9 Now that the match is over, there is nothing to be gained by grumbling. New i South Wales lost through wretched cricket, and Victoria won not because they played woll, but because Now South Wales played damnably. Tho bowling wns pretty good, the fielding moderate, and the batting as pateliy as a quilt of many fabrics. Where Victoria had tho loan of New South Wales was in Mitchell's fielding. On this lortn ho is worth any two ordinary men, and, bloss you, he fielded in some of tho choicest positions — mid-off and extra mid-off. Tho left-hander caught Sid Gregory magni ficently in each innings, and in my bumble opinion bad almost as much to do in winning the game as anyone on his side. Do you think Jack Blackham — if captain of Now South Wales — would liavo allowed such a smart customer as Mitchell to field in any place of importance ? Not ho ; but Tom Garrett is one of the good old English gentleman stamp. Mitchell was specially chosen as twelfth man owing to his bril liance in the fiold, which is a thing New South Wales selectors might dot down with a view to futuro action. ... Sid Callaway asked Hughie Tremble to catch him out off Trottie, but tho long 'un gently declined the request. But Sid throw anothor at Hughie, and the big boy, ! of course, bad to accept. If tho bronzo- I faced Sydnoy Thomas had made about 30 not out, it's all Sydnoy to Charlio Turner's I blob that he would now be playing for tho land of his birth against the Britishers. I Such is fortune, and such is tho pivot g upon which the opinions and tho judgment | . of tho best of selectors move. If Bruce 1 . had played and got the "two bloba" | instead of Bob M'Lood, they might have j thrown him out. despite William's great l inconvenience in throwing ovor his " busi ness for a few days. If ever a man had cause to fairly grip tlie hand of an opponent at crickot, young Graham had on Wednesday. Just imagine tho effect of Grabnm departing with 1 ran to his credit, neatly caught by Harry Moses. It's pretty long odds that ho would nover have got into cho tost team under thoso circumstances. Crickot is a lucky game, but tho luck is not evenly dis tributed. Graham is generally dropped when playing in Sydnoy, but Sid Gregory never gets tho ghost of a show — the first tiino ho hits a ball within coo-ee of a fields man, over goes the show. 9 Charlio Turnor wants no end of practico with the bat. The stroke he made in tho < first innings against tho Vies would bring discredit on a bchoolhoy, and ho got out first ball in the second innings. You kuow this kind of batting is not Charlie's best. There was a time when he could knock up his half century in great form. His batting this year is so miserably poor that 1 must apologiso to him for reminding tho public of tho big scores lie lias failed to make, and of those that he lias made — 12, 1, 1, 2, 12, 6, 1 not out, 20 not out, 3, 9, 3, 0. The Paddington colt Noble played as well as anyone excepting . Sid Gregory on Thursday. Ho made only 7, but saw five othor wickets fall. He is a bit draught- horsey about the pedal extremities, and ought to liven up a shade between the wickets. Though Kelly has to thank his own recklessness for getting ran oat, Noble should have got three for the hit, nud in a measure -was responsible for tho loss of Kelly's wicket. Another thing I noted was that from tho ball before that which proved fatal to Sid Gregory two wore run, whereas there was another easy one in the stroke. I suppose the young Puddingtonite is not above taking advice, and mine to bim is to brush himself up botweon wickets, and learn to got away from the mark a la Sid Gregory. Loon Moore carried his bat out for 83 against Ipswich. The Queensland bowlers found the young Maitland cricketer a tough customer. They couldn't get rid of him at all. Leon was asked to go to Bris bane, but was unable to do so. Ford is aptly named "Stork " by the English amateurs. The Melbourne fellows might follow the example and call Laver " Pelican." 9 9 Jack Lyons was a disappointed man on Friday when he discovered that Blackham and Turnor bad passed him by." Blondin looks A1 just now, and on the bad wickets might have been found a decidedly useful getter of runs. But yon know Jack is not a champion in tbe field'; and it would be too much of an experiment to put a man in who might inako none and who might in addition lose a few iu the fiold. Charlie Bannerman would pick big Jack without thinking twico, so I'm told, and I regard the same Charles as a sound judge of the gamo. . . . ' 9- ' 9 Johnnie Briggs and Lockwood look as if they have been living well and enjoying life merrily. Johnnie has a good deal of fat about liis cheeks, and quite a fountain of water in his oyes. Lockwood is nearly as great a failure as old "Walter Hum phreys, though ho has not the excuse of age to offer. 9 9 W If Howell and M'Kibben aro looked after they might dovolop into a bowling com bination liko the successful Turnor-Forris j doublo of tho past. Howell needs bouio sound tutoring as a batsman, and if lie gets it and takes proper heed, he might develop into a decidedly good run-getter. Sam Jones got another century on Satur day. Waverloy could not get him out, so aftor knocking up 101, " Starkey " retired. Sam's going to' Queensland with the N.S. Wales eleven, and if ho has any luck he'll score in something like his old form. When Moses went into bat last Saturday afternoon the most interested and excited spectator on tho large grandstand was a little child of six or seven snmmers — - Moses' little fair-haired son. Ho clapped his father all tho way to tho wicket, and when tho lattor " broke hi3 duck" tbe little fellow clapped again and until long after the next ball wa3 bowled. But when liis stumps wero scattered by M'Lood a few balls later the little enthusiast could scarce forbear a tear. , Ovorheard at tho Intercolonial match. — Young Lady to. Gentleman Friond : "Is ovor tho fencoout?" He : " Of courso, no." She: "Why, wc'always play that way." "'When Richardson was bowling at his boBt nt tho last tost match here a lady was heard to remark to her friond, " Whatever is the use of keeping that man on bowl ing, they can't got any runs off him ?" Her friond happened to bo a littlo bettor up in tho game, and explained matters. » " Oh, 'Arry ! I say 'Arry, wot ud you do that for ?" When Harry Moses dropped young man Graham a man with an untidy attire, and a beery, bleary looking dimpled carnation-colored face, spoko tho above words, with a pathoB calculated to touch a soft spot in the heartof any rock-like naturo. And as tho young man from Melbourne kept scoring, the seedy individual in tho boh section kept ejaculating, " Oh, 'Arry, wot a mug you was; they'll put 'im in the tost team instead of you, now." They put bim in, bub Harry wasn't thrown out. I wonder what kind of a feeling per vaded Harry Moses when lie missed that ball from Charlie M'Lood and hoard tho rat-tattle in the stumps. One generally, oil such liko occasions, fools a sort of suddon vacuity iu the region of tho stomach, tho only reliable cure for which is a sound feed as soon after tho symptoms are first noted a3 possible. » Bob M'Lood got two eggs in the Inter colonial, and clean bowled by the two countrymen, too. Bob - to go in ' for a strict courso of trui ... a scanty diot to reduce tho circuuiiereucu of liis wieldy figure. Ho is growing more like Trottie every day. Old Bob M'Lood a paunch has crrown. A plump, fat belly nil his own ; 'Thus Bob roapcth as ho hntli sown, Two fine, frosh, fat eggs nil his owu. Harry Trott was bowled by one out of ' tho bag by young Bath urst M'Kibben. .It camo in from tho middle stump and took the off, much to Trottie's surprise. Alder- manic Harry has not much luck on this wicket of ours. If there is au extra special ball about he is sure to get it. 9 9 9 Syd Deane knocked up 116 against Lan caster Park, New Zealand, about a fort night ago. Billy Ford got 23, and fat boy, Billy Rice, made 22. Amonst the blobbers was Wallaco Brownlow, but, uuliko Bob M'Leod, he didn't get bowled. 9 9 9 Albert Edward, Princo of Trottcrdom, has a real Trot-like face — resembles brother Harry and the governor very much about ' the nasal organ. He is an athletic- looking fellow, and gave us a neat taste of his capa bilities by smacking M'Kibben for 10 in his first ovor in the second innings. Trott the Second will make a better batsman than a bowler, but ho cannot play Charlio Turner just at present. I always thought that N.S.W. had tho champion taii-enders until Wednesday, but for the time being that honor rested with the Cabbage Garden folk. Their fourth wieket fell at 230, and they wore all out for 247 runs — a collapse that is oxcusoless, since the ball was greasy aud the wicket eaHy. " Yes," you answer, " but if Harry Moses had only held that lucky young man, Graham, what kind of a collapse might have occurred ?" « » I still think N.S.W. has the champion tail-onders after Thursday's . brilliant exposition of ruh-getting on a protty good wicket. Wo have about four, or at most five, men who might knock up a century each, but the others together are not worth ton runs in big cricket. Lanky Longmnn Laver demonstrated to (|,om Garrett that tho ancient onei3 not tho om of 20 years ago. One over was suffi cient for tho man with theemu legs to reach forth and landToininto the pavilion balcony. It was a good hit, and. evidently inspired the captain of tho Wolshmen with tho futility of any farther attompts on his part to get rid of tho man all arms and legs. Lavor's style is not tho poetry of muscular movement — not tho poetry of motion as tho . horsey scribes write of Abevcorn's pre liminary down tho straight— but ho gets tho runs, and that is the chief thing. By the way, did you notico that Lavor seems to be otornally laughing? Sydnoy nil evidently agrees with him, but for tho sake of our bowlers I liopo ho grows no taller. Tho unfortunuto individual who through bad play or bad luck — you know tho old gag, " tho umpire made a mistake, ., you know, aud gave me out wrongly" — achieves the distinction of being the lowest scorer in the Australian team in this test match, will have something to consolo him in his misery and help him to bear tho chaff of his friends. Tho proprietors of Wolfe's Schnapps are going to pro- sont bim with a sot of gold-mounted pipes to encourage hiin to do bettor next time, and real good - pipes, too — no wooden spoon business. A query occurs to mo. Does a man who " bags a brace " score lower than one who makes 1 and 0 ? If ho makos nothing how can he bo said to score, and, if ho doesn't score at all, he can't be the lowest scorer. I fancy Messrs. Moses Moss and Co. will have to engage counsol to argue this before the Supreme Court. Charlie Eady, the Tasmaninn model of physical perfection — Bonnor iaaboy along side him — gave the Victorians a bad timo at Hobart. Ho is. the first man to make two centuries in an Intercolonial match. Ho drivos liko a cannon shot. This young man stands about 6ft 2in, and is perfectly, built. He is such a rare physical specimen that whercvor ho goes tho people turn to gaze at him. " Eady is," said one of the Victorian contingent, " the finest footballer I have ever seon in my travels." "Havo you seon Burns,. Thurgood, aud all the other Victorian champions ?" said a Sydneyite. " Yes, I've seen them all, but Eady's better thau any of them," was tho reply. Tbe Parramatta ground will be the fes tive scone of a grand promenade and moon light concert next Thursday evening. Sid Wnlford guarantees all who stop that way will enjoy themselves. The handbill con tains some charming information, amongst which is " the moon will never smile on a prettier scone." This is quite poetical, aud knowing that there is a good deaL of truth in it, I will be on hand, drinking in the beauties of tho moonlit grounds. I hope sentimentnl young people will turn out in droves, and help the Cumberlanders to get a few pounds together to assist iu main taining tho place in its present efficient state. Tom Garrett used too much " judgment" in changing his bowling in the Inter colonial. Howoll had just got his length, and lmd bowled three or four successive maidens on the first day, when ho was re moved. Some captains have no judgment, but the 'Varsity veteran seems to possess too much of this much-desired quality. George Giffen was all pains and aches on Wednesday, suffering from all tho known symptoms of influenza. It would be a national calamity if George were stricken down with this scourge just now. Jack Lyons lias a clear-looking eye, and a healthy glow on his browu cheeks, aud is minus a good deal of the Callaway-ian paunch. He'll get a few big scores before the season closes, as that fire is not grow ing in liis eye for nothing. 9 9 Ciuckkt Bats.— Feitham'n, aH can a, full size, 7s Gd ; NtchoUs', Wisdeu's, Bark's, Harriett's, Ajre's, Cobbett's, at import prices. — M. Siunoit s, H'm'k't, 