VICTORIA. THE SUBURBAN GHOST SGARE. Of course no one believes in Rhoatf In Aui- tralian surroundings the auggeation of inch phenomena seema absurd, because without the assistance of old graveyards, or romantio ruioi with associations of mysterious crime, ft disembodied spirit Coda itself too mucn Modi in the world to impress tho public with a due sense of awe. Yet, in spite of uncongenial eircamatances, there is no gainsaying the faot that the existence of ghosts Ji nightly being asserted by phantom manifes tations suddenly revealed to unsuspecting way farers in dark quarters of the metropolis, and as rapidly withdrawn. The intangibility of these apparitions alono assists the notion that Jfliy might be supernatural. If they loitered for a moment they could be tested at the throat, on the nose, in the eye, at the point of tho jaw, below tho belt or a posterior and their mortality instantly determined upon beyond a doubt. As tbey pursue the Fabian policy of judicious retreat, however, their victims "shy," and failing to find anything to investigate on reoovery are quito nonplussed. Talk eventuates. Uhe tale of the three black orows applies to ghoit etorles, and then any suburb without a wraith is held to be behind the times. Very toon after the South Melbourne spook" — a commonplace electrio light illusion—had been ojPJoded there wero rumors of the appearance at South Yaira of an uncanny looking goblin man dressed in a soft black hat and a huge over coat of the eame color, who hung about sombre parts of unfrequented streets, and fiad the Christian like habit of following young iftdiea home. One of the victims Baid, after 90me fM'nds one evening, she noticed bis figure on the other side of the street, but could not see its face. It walked if 55 . walked. If she stopped it stopped, paving occasion to use her handkerchief, it did likewise. Finally it ran in front of ber, threw ®pen the great coat it wort, and exhibited the words, 'Prepare to Meet Thy Doom " in lurain ®ub paint. Sho soreamed. and it disappeared, ftj, ,op later, about half-past 1, one weak, dark morning, Constable 3594, on SI!,7 th« Sarh Sands Hotel, the town lamplighter careering ? "m n a breathless condition, palo and P oiring. This man, a tall, strong yonng fellow, about 25 yens of age, named 1 : explained that ho hid " sees a ghees, > ; Uvea at West Brunswick, where the sessleatens is merging tnto the open coon try. "R tzcxrr :j that on hrs way aloog Flaming-stne walch practically runs between two fenced pursuing hia nocturnal duty cf turning cut the lights, when searing the earner c f Parx-erreet, " a black aloud suddenly rrtsented iseLf in front of him, and whiaksd past his side with a swish, He tuned to look behind, feeling a little startled, tad saw it nnuSj receding, in lus wake. Although, h seemed shapeless, he concluded it mu3t be a hicroEst without a light, and yeUed after "AH right. Spider, good night Then he tramped on with his lamp stick, icily of icccd ness knows what— the love or the amhiaca of a lamplighter — and keeping close to a ranee. Whisk I A black cloud passed a cold wind with astounding celerity between and the post and rails forward into the darkness, to' a distance of 20 yards ahead, turned in a semi-circle, case towards hia and passed h?rq again on tho other side. It was no bicyclist this time, he thoaghi, for his ear had been strained to eateh the rattle of a machine, he had not heard & Moreover, the manifestation had cleared a gutter which would almost smash any bicycle, aad certainly set its bell going. Bate shouldered his lampatick and ran for the nearest houses at top speed. He says few men can give him 10 yards' start in ICO, but alchoogh fright impelled him to Tam o'Shanter alert ness, the black cloud again overtook him, making him trip with fright and sending his heart into his boots. "When it had again got well ahead it seemed to open out into a blare of phosphorescent light Again it earned h?m3 and finally disappeared A newsboy- the - other night, trying almost hopelessly to sell papers amongst the half deserted land boom settlements of Fait Bruns wick, saw a talL dark figure ot a man standing erect near an empty , house. Approaching him the lad bawled, "Paper, .air 2M whereupon the cloak was thrown baek; and- the man's body was revealed in an apparently Incandescent condition. "I'll never be abort in' my money any more," blubbered the boy, and bolted like the wind A poor old lady, about the same time, having oc casion to go into her baek yard saw a similar apparition there, and was so shocked that she became nearly insensible, and has not yet re covered. To a policsman she said she hadscen one of Shakspsare's plays at the theatre some time ago, and it looked like a horrible character called "Hamlet's Fathers Ghost," It ap peared to her that the thing vanished tbrongh her house instead of out by the back gate. The Brunswick police state that some years ago a resident there was guilty of playing the ghost. He went away for a time, but has since returned. Having carefully watched him, however, they do not think he is the culprit A son of one of the local coun cillors, who has a Mephistopheles fancy dress. norns, tans anu cats wings complete, is also, after surveillance, pronounced to be above sus picion, but that some inconsiderate mounte bank is playing upon people's nerves is evident. " Spring-heeled Jack," as he is called, after a celebrated English criminal, has been reported as seen - recently on different nights in Gladstone-street, South Melbourne ; in the reserve at the corner of Dandenong-road and Chapel-street, Windsor ; at Elsternwiek, Fitiroy, Northcotc and Colling wood. The description given of him in most cases includes the limelight effect nnder his overcoat. At Northcote a woman who saw him says he exhibited a coffin on bis stomach with the cheering inscription around it, "This is for yon," whereat she was much alarmed. A t.EU tern- wick last Wednesday evening the supposed 1 ghost was followed by a local constable and some young men through the paddocks to Allison-road, where he was observed to go into a house. A search of the premises failed to discover him, but later in the evening, when the place was temporarily left in charge of three children, a mau In dark clothes with hie face blackened appeared at the diningroom door. The youngest child sereAmed in fright, but the eldest, a boy 11 years of age, although alio much upset, seized a red hoc poker and " went for " the intruder, who thereupon noiselessly got away ont of the frontdoor, and over a fence into oblivion. Marks of the skates or springs he wore were afterwards noticed en the linoleum in the passage. By far the most serions report in connection with these manifestations has been one whicb, for three days past, has been current all over the metropolis, that a boy named Brown, living in Mater-street, Collingwood, who had been frightened by the man in the overcoat lined with brimstone, bad since died. A representa tive cf TAcAyeinquiringintothis matter onTues- day night was informed that happily this state ment is quite incorrect, young Brown being as well as over and attending night school. As pre- vously reported, be was returning home on Men- day night week, when be was confronted with the spectre, who exhibited the words on his body, "Prepare to meet thy doom." The poor boy shrieked with fear, and Constable Nolan, who was returning off duty, raQ to his assistance, just in time to see the dark figure dis appear around the corner of the street. Nolan, being too far behind to give chase effectively, took young Brown home in a palpitating con dition. The tame ghost has been "playing it rather low down," as they say in the locality, on yonng couples spooning under the trees In the neighboring reserve, giving them tremendous frights at critical moments. Three.girls crossing a vacant allotment were frightened by it a night or two ago. Their soreams brought a man and his wife to therioor of a neighboring house, and the latter, seeing the rampageous goblin, fainted into her husband's arms. In Keele-street, Col lingwood, the other evening,' it was seen dis appearing into a half-built house. Several men gave chase, and one fired a pistol shot after the retreating figure. No harm was done, but the report of the firearms aroused the whole street, and a great commotion followed. Oar repre sentative on Tuesday called on a lady living at South Melbourne, who stated that, on Satur day night last, when returning home with her daughter, a girl about 16 years of age, along Ferrars-street, just as she was about to cross Gladstone-street she saw the profile figure of a man in the centre of that thoroughfare, standing about 8 feet high ! " It " had on a soft felt bat overita eyes, and an immense overcoat with a cape. Under the cape was a sort of short skirt like appendage of white material Being too frightened to pan the apparition, she and her daughter fled into a neighboring hotel for assistance. When tbey came out of tho bar imme diately afterwards the thing was gone. This lady is a woman of good character, and both she aud her daughter were so much affected by what they saw that they had evidently not recovered from the effects of their fright on Tuesday. Theso numerous reports aro naturally causing a widespread feoling of uneasiness amongst the feraaleand juvenile population after nightfalland ddmr fczu»2ipg aggsi ac -rrfnr liujsznroly disgraceful teas mischievous practical jodaza have oarased suca. sacuriasx so lung undetec ted. loaamgaaaewseaaie to hacdomSoasa 1 Tics thas toe sxajcrzoradizLg scuuadrel beta | esscursiL box is turua out tats prisoner was enly j . <v«ux rrtTtakott. Sydney Zrring.cc, . ' aged 17, who twiiisa wxh hii parsacs in Grab t Dariae- crreet, i.f ; home skorriy liter 5 o'cicek. Oflcoostd with "tm'TT red whisker?, a pair of spsucuias anil a grotesque adornment af stick ing plaster arranged neon, his cheeks- On his had h. had placed a red Tin o ShaaCK cap polled up high, and he was also attired hx on oierctuat and . colored silk necksto After frightening some girls ra a dark put of the Tccnk-rcad, hs csnsetx two ocher female to scream mid ran away by glaring at them com aninr a lamp gcac near the railway atodam. On his way home by way of Powell-street into Great paris-streeh he was arrested- Whilsc it is to be hoped thai this yonng gentleman will rteeiT a caution commensurate with the folly of which he fr»« been guilry, it is to fee hoped the police will not rest contort until they have ssenred the principal effsnder and had '-'"t treated in an exemplary fashion. If th. force takes h>"« hint and bestirs itself, the wearers cf gnat caais ca dark nrgbta would do wail to advise their heat girls not ta keep sham icitering about too iocg .t street comers in case it should lead to a misapprehension. 