MR. MICHAEL DAVXT!FS VISIT [BY Ocn RePORTEL] Mn. MICHAEL DAVrrr, the founder of the Irish Land League, had a most enthusiastic reception in Melbourne on Saturday last, nearly every available inch of space in the large Hibernian- hall being taken up. On Monday night the hall was, if anything, even more crowded. He delivered a very interest ing lecture, entitled " Parliamentary Photo. graphs," and the generous manner in which he dealt with his political opponents re vealed the broad-mindedness of the lecturer, who was frequently brought to a stop by the thunders of applause which greeted his utte rances. He paid a generous tribute to Mr. Arthur Balfour, leader of the Conservatives in the House of Commons, who while Chief Secretary for Ireland had sent most of the land leagners to Tullamnore Gaol; but he was not quite so tender when dealing with the politically crooked ways of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, leader of the Liberal Unionists. To Mr. William Johnston, leader of the democracy amongst the Orangemen, and Colonel Sandersonu, leader of the Ulster Tories, he paid warn tributes, stating that he believed they were both as thoroughly conscientious in the views they held as he was in his; they were not like some Irish men who went over to England and weekly apologised for being born in Ireland, Mr. Johnston and Colonel Sanderson rather glorying in the fact that they were Irishmen' Colonel Sanderson, who was one of the wits and favorites of the House of Commons, was on one occasion taunted that his, party had no arguments to advance against- the Home' Rule Bill of 1892. "There is no necessity to do so," esid the colonel ; " there (point ing to the Home Rule members) are 80 solid arguments against it." This sally provoked roars of laughter, and by none was it more enjoyed than by the Home Rule members, with several of whom the colonel is on terms of warm personal friendship. The two most promising statesmen in England, accor ding to Mr. Davitt, are Mr. John Morley, Chief Secretary for Ireland, and Mr. Asquith, Home Secrete ry. He ranks M r. Thomas Sex ton, member for Belfast, as the next in point of oratory to Mr. Gladstone, while he thinksi no man has done more for the Irish cause than Mi. John Dillon. The lecture, which was interspersed with short reminiscences of the leading actors in the English and Irish drama, was a most intesesting one, and at the closeMr. Davitt received a perfect ova tion.' It may be stated that he has only one arm, the other having been lost while work ingas a mill hand in- Lancashire; with 'the dialect of which country he appeared .tolerably familiar. Looking at his whole demeanor, one does not wonder that the ex-Fenian convict was able, like Mr. Bradlaugh, to cement many friendships amongst Tories and Liberals during the short time he occupied a seat in the House of Commons. He is touring the colony for the benefit of his health, and also for the purpose of replenishing a depleted exchequer. He started a paper in London called the Labor World, and it is said that he lost heavily by it. His sentences are as clear cut as a well-put-together cablegram, and from beginning to end there was scarcely a superfluous word, thongh the lecture took exactly two hours in delivery. The vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. Dunffy, Post master-General, seconded by Mr. John Murray, member for Warrnambool, and endorsed by the Hon. Francis Langmore, who occupied a foremost seat oun the plat. form. louking like the ghost of the fiery Loyal Liberal of bygone years. 