CRICKET. By "No-Ball." Some good practice work was done on the new concrete wicket on Saturday. Richardson, the English fast bowler, was mar ried last month to the daughter ot a local trades man at Mitcham, Surrey. Rumor associated the name of the English crack bowler with an Armi dale girl, but rumor is a fickle jade. Lord Hawke will leave England on the 30th iust. with a team of cricketers for South Africa. His Lordship was in Australia iu 1887, when, as the Hon. M. B. Hawke, he captained the M.C.C. English Eleven, but was suddenly recalled to England owing to the death of his father. On Friday8, afternoon the second eleven of the Superior Public School defeated the Shannon Vale School boys on the local ground by 9 wickets The losers made 32 and 13, and the winners 40 and lost one wicket iu the second innings for 6. : Furtuer heavy scoring in Sydney in Premiership matches on Saturday. W. A. Richardson compiled 17S not out, F. Iredale 156, G. Youill 117, S. R. Walford 70, and L. Pye 68. Two century scores were made in second grade matches, G. Clarke (University) making 120 aud A. Haimigan (Red- fern) 100. The mighty and popular W. G. Grace is not a person given to 'outside show.' From an English paper I have cribbed the following: — "No little amusement was caused at Lord's during the Oxford and Cambridge match by the appearance of Mr. W. G. Grace in the regulation frock coat and tall hat. Truth to tell, the massive proportions of our great cricketer are ifl-3uited to the ugly and un comfortable garb of nineteenth-century civilisation. His arrival in the pavilion was made the occasion of a harmless joke. He ivent up to speak to one of one muso xauiuus 01 living oacsmen, ana cue latter, with a perfectly stolid face, said, ' You must excuse me ; I think you have the advantage of me.' Mr. ' Grace at first did not seem to see the exact humor of the situation, but its comical aspect soon dawned upou him." Dipping Sheep. — It goes without saying that the advantages of sheep dipping are paramount, but it is just as well to bring under the notice of sceptical owners the benefit to be gained by treat ing their flocks by the process. A case has come under our notice, which is worth re-publishing. Says the Mudgee Post : — This week we received samples of wool from Mr. F. Devoy, of Uarbry, whose flock has been terribly infested with ticks. In March last he dipped his sheep, and no. close scrutiny is required to detect the growth of the wool before aud after the dipping. The earlier growth is discolored and ragged, but that after the dipping is beautifully clean and remarkable tor its density. The dip used by Mr. Devoy was Cooper's, and a better result than from its use could not be wished tor. An Extraordinary Tree.— One of the most' curious trees iu Germany stands on the left bank of tberiver Oder, in Ratibor, Silesia. It is a maple, at least 100 years old. which has been twisted and cut into a sort of circular two storied house. A flight of steps leads up to the first level, where the branches have gradually woven together so that they make a firm leafy floor ; above this is a second floor of smaller diameter, formed iu the same way ; and the ends of the branches have been woven into solid walls, and cut so that eight windows light each of the apartments. Below the first floor, at the level of the second, and at the top of the tree, the boughs have beeu allowed to grow out natur ally, while the intermediate walls and the edges of the window-like openings are kept closely chipped. John's Virtue.— It is a remarkable fact that most of the bookkeepers and cashiers employed in Japanese business houses are Chinamen, who are given the preference for such positions because of honesty. It is said that a Chinaman will cheat if he gets a chance, but if entrusted with money he keeps it safely, and if in making a promise he utters the words " can do '' these words are as good as a bond. Tho manager of a Hongkong bank declared recently that, after forty years of active business life, he had never known of a Chinese defaulter. Great Gold Robbery. — News has been recieved of a great robbery of gold in South Africa. The African Banking Corporation dispatched by coach from the Transvaal to Buluwayo, Matabeleland, somo boxes of gold, value, £12,000. When the boxes arrived at their destination it was found that the gold had been abstracted from the boxes, aud the latter filled up with sand. Of English graveyards, the most crowded is that of Qneensborongh, in Sheppey. It is about half an acre in extent, and the church records prove that over 17.000 people have been buried in it. Mr. Edison's front gate swings open at the ap proach of a visitor, and closes automatically. A step in the porch rings a servant's bell and also a bell in the master's study. An electrical musical box plays during dinner. In the bedrooms the folding beds unfold hy electricity ; and sometimes when Mr. Edison is in a mood for practical jokes his guests are scared by the. presence of electrical ghosts at the foot at their bedsteads. ; >. 