SUPREME ^QURT-CIHL SITTINGS. Be/of« the Chief Justice ana. a special jury.) TUESDAY, MAT 21sT. The Court eat at 11 a m. ELtiorr v. "VICTOBIAK EXPBMS." This vas an »otion brought by Charles Bolton BlLett, the Resident Medical Offiosr at Gerald oa. sgaintt the Victorian Express Newspaper Company, Limited, carrying on business ia Geraldton, claiming ¿£2,000 damages fir alleged hb«l. The Att >rney Gnneral, Mr. S. Bart, Q C-, with Mr. G. Leake (solicitors, Messrs. St"ne and Burt) was for the plaintiff, and Mr. R. S. Haynes, with Mr. W, H. James (solicitor, Mr. R. S. Haynes), for the defendant company. The following coustitutad the jury :-Messrs. H. S. Trigg (foreman), J. A. Liddelow, D. Symon, John Green, Heary Bakar, J. K. Churchyard. Mr L'ake, in opbU.ng the case, said the plaintiff was Dr. Charles Bilton Elliott, who ooouoisd the position of Government resi- dent medtoil offio it in Geraldton. He sued ihe defendant company far having on the 10th of October last published a very gro'S libel upon kim in his capacity as a doctor. Not only did it o*et refleo'iirtu upon him as an ordinary general praotitioner, but also as the Government; medioal officer io Geraldton. Tha libel wai-in the form of tifo letter signed by the nuai of " T'othersi 1er," and was as follows ? The Hospitals Bill-To the Editor. Sir, Thjjaom^taJBjJJUa&er;^ll^oiil^.to-apply to-* the ihospitals of Perfi. It is near time that'tha Fdrrscfe gang wera taught that tW prihoi^re of giving with one hud and taking baofcr with, the cthsr is hardlv good enough for ^tb^ fôo^patient pe >ple of <West Australia. "Ví^hafc ¡expuse ó»n the " curried slaves " offer forbin« uufalfi. led promises of the Premier, that provisions woald be made in tbij BilMo* hand ov«r th* hospitals of the oo'ony to the oontrol of the general public t But, perhaps the; arele» air Johofonly intended it as an election cry to etitibl« v him to crawl back agaiSf"to- office. It may be n*cesaary under af f orri\ of Gbvernmsnt where the will of à few governs tbe voices of the many to centralise every thin?-, connecte 1 with publio affairs, so that the cxeoutire hy extending the hand oV patronige can atrangthon its pisUioa by" securing*» return of iti fillowicg, but under a free constatation suoh as that we live under, local ins itutions like hospitals ought to b3 wider tbe oontrol of the paople who support them. Wrien an eltotor in Geraldton spoke about our hospital here, and asked the mem- ber for the district h*d he any idea of the way.'it waa conducted, be was asked where were tthel proofs of inoompstenoy, as though everybody oeuld not see them every day. Geraldton can show more cripples discharged ." from its hospital than any plaoe I've been in. Surely they must be regarded as living monu- ments ef the skill of tbe Government Medico. The member for the distriot replied to the before mentioned elector tha he would ask forx a commission to enquire into any cha- ges made agairat the way the hospital was 001 duoted. Such answers as those are very good to " bluff " psople who don't kn JW any better, but fortunately the schoolmaster has b-en .broad Litely in this slow-going plaoo, and the poblio know, or eau form a good idea of ilia sort of people who would sit on snob a commisaioo. No doabt they wonld be highly important peri-ons, and therefore impirtiat. I remain, A TVhersider. Geraldton, Oo!;ob»r 7th, 1894 Contimuing, the laarced oounsel said that the innuendo tha plaintiff put upon the allegationa.in the latter waa that the plaimiff was ncskdful acd moompeteufc is his profes- sional business and in the management of th» hospital. Further, that he had bean guilty of misconduct and negligence in his professional business and in the hospital management, and that owing to this there wa3 a large number ef cripples in Geraloton. In ace war to this th i défendants pleaded the fo mai plea of denying the innuendo, and also that the observations w¿re fair commet t upon a matter Of public int(r¿at, aod toat they were made without malice towards the plaintiff, and th*y also ipat in the p'ei of jmtifioatioo. He thought before the ca*e oonoluded th-y wouid S9c the defence of fair comment wonld prac- tically^ b-e£ abandonad, and that th* pita of justification would be relied on lhi jary had, therefore, a most important tibk before them. Tire plaintiff bid be ox attadkecTfnLis most sensi'ive part, in his professional oapdo ity, and that attaok, if successful, must go very near to ruin a man situated, as D'. Elliott was in Geraldton, because, if they said of the doctor that ha was unsktlfal, that he neglected his patients, and that, instead of ouring people, he crippled them, what more damaging statement could be made ? It was not for him to pîove express malice ; it was sufficient for h m to plaoe the alleged libel before them and nth thBm-to draw their own differences. It was no doubt libel ous *T?erse. IS was calculated t> do Dr. Elliott grave"injury, and really the only defence they v «Jouldhavc in a oas-o of tkiskind was the pie i j I Of Justification. Tho gravamen of a charge of ' libel was* in the publication of the words. Ia this case it was pubLçhed in a newspaper whioh they rad rea'oa to suppose had a wide circulation in the d strict, and in toa* part of the oistriet »here» Dr. Eiliqtt wau known. Whilst, they all recognised the right cf a newepaper or of any contributor to a newspaper to criticids ihe oots of public men, the newspaper or tha contri' utor mast be very careful thoy oil not step mt6ide the bounds the law rad laid dowi.. It wai rot a fact that a newspaper bad a greater privilege in the matter of cr.ticism tl an anyone else, though he was bound to.- dxit iz was generally accepted that a newspaper l>ad a little mort« latitude than an rr Lnary individual. But in cases of this kind, no matter wl ether the matter waB contributed or not, the editor aud proprietor of a neu spacer in default waa liable, and the public duty wai cast upo a that editor, in tho uiat'er of osntnbutiois, to Bee nothing injurions or libellons is pub- lished, and that he mns . bave ai great regard to that whioh wad contributed to his newspaper as to that wbioh he wrote himself, an 1 if, aa in this case, he declined, as it w.mld be prov-d lie hal, to give np the name of the wiitei, then be accepted tbe responsibility for what was written. H-J asked the jury net to be misled by the plati- tudes tbat they might hear with regard to the duties of editors and thg independence of the press and all that sort of thing-ttat the preES was the groat charterer of libe'tv. and eo forth. Although every b >dy regarded the press as au important factor in soc.cty, y<,t, as it bad important privileges so it had im portant duties and responBilu ilios, and ore of the latter was to seetbai no pereoi was damaged in his refutation 00 vilified cr helJ up to oontempt and abased niLaj the oircauutanceB cf the oaße just fi<d it. With r »Ju to the vlea cf fan c lumen', if they read thi libel they would B>.e is cprned with an attack upon the Govoiiiirôn"", tten nnh a referen e to the member frtr tie di tr."<, Mr. Simpson, then it finished with th'-i $r JSB libel upon Dr. Elliott If it were fair comment it cculd only be up n tie ¡ étions of th.} Government or t'-v- roeinbe-, because t'iat which, according to \h ir pita, gave r.se to the letter was that Mr Sinip^n was ad3ress ing his electora in GerilJton, jssi b^fo e the election. Now wb <t on e nth had Dr. Elliott to d» with the act on-, of tha Mu.istry or of., Mr. Simpaos, and if it was ad Imitt/td they had a right_to say harsh things about the Government or about "Mr.Simpson^ it woald not jtutifftharsh things being said about Dr. Eiljô|ff y$o that ifaey >could not come in toCouítaíáfedJaay this was fairroom ment_njjcaL8.nXf^^f/pui)lio iuterejt7:JEbis" rabid- writer was-evidently intent-upon ad-, veraely critiomng tile Government ¿f the day aucVtue memberiorthe district. They-oould afford to laugh at the critioiBm-he -daresay most public men could-but it was ? nother matter~wheñ~yoa turned round andütfaokad a man iu hid private ca?a]ity, and when the resnlt of the attack, if there wai anything at all in the statement, was to deprive bim of bia-means of livelihood, because Dr. Elliott relied not upen h a Government salary but upon the extent of bia" private praoEíóa,~and~ it waa damaging to have anything said abeut him »hieb was likely h~> h»*e tbe effect of driving persona away from him. This plea of justification was undoubtedly wbat might be called au heroio defence-it WAS neck or notnmg for the deeonce. The law waa alear. Tney were bound, if they rcserted to thi plea of jus'ifioatioa, to prove it up to the biit, and ia support of this vi >w the learned oeuusel quoted from Odger» on Libel, p. 178. Plaintiff hiiving proved his case, upon the defendants WAS eajt the onus of proving whit tney said was traej-and-if-tbey proved their oa-^, of course it must be damaging to Dr. Elliott;. If on the other hand it was not proved, then what could they think of a pars m who pub'iebed such a groas and unfounded libel f Tbey would seo whan ha read the correspondence, that the defendants had been defiint throughout. Dr. Elliott'a reputation was at! stake? and in the absence of an apobgf what other ceurse wa* open to him exospt to ask them for a yeriiot ? He was not tbere to ask tbem for damages that would set Dr. Elliott up in Comfort for the rest of his life. There was, no doubt the learnel judge would tell them the plaintiff was_eu_titl d to damages if the ' pie t of justifioation^wai not proved, but there bad be n no apology, no attempt whatever to soften the aaperit'es of the terribly severe charge that had been made. Hi desired to point out to them the at itude of the defen- dants for tbe list two or three years. His Í&30 was ttut not only was Dr. Elliott a kilful person, a« Burgeons ordinarily wera, out that he waa particularly kind ti his patient^, and ha shoal! only like to sea those jf;rs3BB who said otherwise submitted to the test of cross exam mtion wbei tbey appeared to disparage the dootot's akill or injure his reputa ion as a man. The learned oonnsel then reid extracts in certain issues of the defen- dants' paper to eho v ia what estimation he had been held by them prior to t¿e appear- ance of the l.b 1. The first, dited 7th OJ'.O bur, 189l,o ontained complimentary references to the dootor's at rent ion iu the ease of an ontbr-ak of poarlet fever. The next, in October, 1892, commented on the good manarm nfc of the hospital during that year. The third waa date'd in October. 1893, and spoke in complimentary terms of the pro feas ocal asai-tance tie plaintiff had obtained anl also of himself. lu Mar¿h, 1894, tbere appeared a further reference to Dr. Elliott and the hospital, and the learned c:un3el asked their pacticuUr at entim to tsis, because it appeared shortly after Mr. K>nny, who was part proprietor of tbe defendant newspaper, and was also its manager, waa discharged from t íe hospital. He had been ill and was diaohirg'd from the hospital ourod, and co doibt at tnat time was over- flowing with grat'tade t> the dootirfor his kindness to Lim. Dr. Elliott will tell them that on many occasions Kenny had been an inmate of th s hospital Mr. L:aka then read the ex raot .fiom the paper in which tbe plaintiff waa sty'ed " tbat friend of so many in the district, Dr. C. B Eiliilt," and spoke of the need of still farther improving the hospital in order to fit it for the demands cf the and time}, of the comfort] the hospital as then established gave to the patienta. Tat, after all these editorial remarks, made np to so late a date, they found the defendant? coming iota Court and pleading jastifioatioa. There waa au inconsistency Bomewhere and how tbey ware gong to set out of it he did not know. He contended tfea< the letter of " T'otbersidar " waa no other than a p'ant, and tint BO far from being a Btranger to Geraldton, aa the name woald imply, it was written in the Express office er inspired by it. At any rat?, they challenged the de- fendants to deny it. Tney challenged them to put Mr. H. E. Kenny in the box to deny tae" oj-arge.. He hoped he would be there. If he did get into the box tbey would hear his statement and wonld hear his cross examination, and they would se) whether be wou'd deny ail kuo «ledge of the letter, whether ho would deny that he received fair treatment in the hospital, and tbey should bave the advantage of heiring his explanation of the inconsistency. The learned oonneel next referred to the publication of the pleadings aad correspond- ence in the defendants' paper, setting out the libel, and thus giving, he said, greater pub lioi'y to it. In conclusion, what he had pointed out to them wa3 Barely a oreel and unmanly atrtaok unless it could be justified in the terms of the plea. They knew tbat as Englishmen they were proverbial for tbeir pugnacity. They gloried in a fight at times, but thongi they glori d in a fight they said, " Let the fight be fair-let the man have fair play, and don't stab bim in the baok; dou't hit from behind, but attack him face to face " TJnlesï the defendants ooutd prove their plea, thry had made one of tbe cruellest and most unmanly attacks they could. Let them prove it. They found this vilification came from»tbe hands of the man Kanny, who had received tha greatest kindness at tha hands of the doctor. Conld there be so great a revuls on of feeling in nina months as to justify the remarks made in the letter tianed " Totheraider ? " The plaintiff faoed this enquiry and would aot> flinch from it. Failure of the plea was proof «if an unmanly and oruel attaok, and it had been undertaken by mathoda that wonld disgrace the name of respectable journalists. Ho would net dilate on the extent of the dam ages. That queB'ion would be submitted to them by the learned Judge. What be aaked was that if they did give Dr. El i>tt damages, they would not BO much regard tbe aggran- disement of the plaintiff, baoauso after ali the clearing of his good name was of paramount importance to him-but that they would give suoh damages as would shew it was cot open to tbe defendants to vilify a man in the plaintiff's position, and after that go acot free. Chargea Boitou Elliott, resident medical officer, Champion Bay district, examined by tbo Attorney General, depo»ad that he waa appointed locum tenons at Geraldton about August, 1874. He remained tbere for about two months, and waa in December of the same year permanently appointed to the po-ition. He had remained there ever since in charge of the hospital. He was an M.E.C.S, E.T. L.B.CP., Edin., and LM. In 1874, the Greenough District waa also under bis charge, and there was no other medical man north oC bim nearer than Bo b .urne, and south nearer than Perth Scmofyears after, a man was appointed to Greenough. At first, the hospital was very small, containing two wards of s>x beds each. It had gradually grown, and there waa nose a new building, in whioh thirty beds could be put up. Bebi¿es attend- it g to the hospital, his official duties were to attend to the gaol, the Government patients, and the Government officials. The terms of Lis agreement allowed private practice. There had been a fair amount of practice. Within the last twenty years he had had, exclusive of his ,private^praotíee,. j about 3.000 "inside and outside oases. Of these ?06.were ¿surgical case», ¡treaty inside thehosgftaU-'$^ing,thji period;;and until the,appeirano»j!of thi*kbali*.hqd4QefAr come, li-to his knowledge that he had, boee acaused.of; unskilfol treatment <or miaepndeot.i' Hearer memberad,'. the -, case ; of, scarlet ¿evMrjm d&e; tovyñ,ia.pot^beivl8l»;v Tha.rpitieu* ,wa»-a chijd-.named-jjfipp- 1$ was aUuded\\*> by .the -. defendanfc'ni^P^P01'* . " The Attprney-Ganeral proposed ti put in a copy of the issua of Ootober 2nd, 189-1. Mr. Haynes said the imprint said it wes published^ Alfred Carson. The Attornay-Ganeral : Tes, for the Vic- torian Express. Compiny; it his that also. We are suing the Company, not an individuel, i Witness, continuing, said that the publica- tion ieferrei to the Boarleb fever case in a p+ragriph in complimentary terms. . He noticed in the Geraldton Advertiser of Ootober 2nd, 1893, a bi-weekly edition of the Express pub ished by the defendant company, a reference ti the atatisdoa of .the hospital in a m inner oomp'imentarv to the management. (Paper pat in.) . In 1893 be obtained a quali- fie 1 assistant, Dr. Spenoer, from England. His action was very favourably commented upon in the Geraldton Advertiser of the 23 rd of October, 1893. Witness himself supplied Mr. J. - M. Drew, th) editor, with Dr. Speaotr's qualifications. (Paper put in.) WitnesB koew H. E. Kenny, the manager of the~aefendaat company, and who hid been connected with the paper prior ti 1891'. Kenny bad frequently been in the hospital, and cn tha fiat oooaaion was discharged from it on the 3rd of March, 1891. Shortly after- wards witness saw a referenc » to the hospital in th» issue of the Express of the 9th of March. Kenny discussed the initier with witness, and afterwards told bim he had written it. (Paper put in.) It was a very g ood article and well written. It i ©commended witness as one of the ex oßcio members of the Board of management of tha hospital under the new arrangements it suggested. Witness' atten- tion was subsequently drawn to the letter io the Geraldton Advertiser of October 10,1894, which formed the canse of tha present action. It cimmenced with aa untrue allegation as to the operation oí the Hospitals Bill. What do they msan by the words " ourriod slaves " ?-I doa't know. Is that the u-u«l Lnguag3 of tbe paper ? Yes. Witness,was very indignant when he read the.letter,'which made most ur.just charges against him. The letterhadprejadioi a'ly effected bis in his pri7ate praotioa, and also the hospital. Ths statement of olaim in this action whioh s-t oat the alleged 1 bel in extenso, appeared on '.he front page amongst the alrerbisimenfc-', for aeve.i cr eight weeks in tuocoesaion in the Geraldton Express. The Geraldton Express waa the same ts the Victorian Express, tha defendants hiving altered ita name shortly after the libel action. (Issus of February 8bb, containing the stats ment of olaim pat in.) He hid never s'en any reason assigned fir this chañare. Mr. Haynes sail they admitted tie com- pany was the same. The Attorney-General said its name waa very modest" considering th* character of what had been read. The Geraldton Scourge or Geraldton Terror would be a fitter name. The etiteme.it of claim was alio published, one3 in the bi-weekly edition, and afterwards it appeared weekly in the Express, in the front paje for seven or eijht weeks, a ihe had said. In the Advertiser of December 12th, 1894, an article was published under the heading, "The Press to be sued for Lioel," referriag to the issue of the writ, and publishing the correspondence. It was oopied in-'o the Express of December 14th. Cross-examined : F.-ior to goinç to Gerald- ton, he was in charge of the Colonial Hos- pital, as house surgeon, uader Dr. Waylen, for about seven months. Dr. Thistlatoa was at Northampton when wituess weet, but lie was Dot practising, and hit soon after. He was too decrepid t) practise. Tha 3,000 oases wera au estimate. He had only a record of the indoar »atieats. Is there any charge of mi-ojnlujt in that lib 1? Is it not mismanagement ? , His Honour: What is the difference? Witness continuing, said he knew tbe caaa of au indoor pirie tit named James Mooney, admitted to hospital Jmvs 2nd, 1893, and ds oharged on the 13th (11 daj a after) suffering from paralysis. He was taken out by bis friends and placed under Dr. Laffan pending the arrival of the learned counsel's brother, Dr. Haynes, who said he was coming to look after Mooney, who was Dr. Haynes' brother in-law. At the time of leiving the hospital Mooney gave witness the oer ifioate in h s (Moou'y's) handwriiog. (Tae certificate was read and spoke well of the treatment the I patient had reeeived, and denied certain I stitemantsimplyiugitl'trcataieatandneglect.) Witness, got this, because Dr. Laffan, who had baen turned out of the Gsraldton Clui, wanted to meet witness in consultation and witness declined, and Dr. Laffan then com- menced to scandalise- the hospital, and it was reported had said he would never cease till he had rained tbe Government Rjsident and Dr. Elliott, and witne3svwantedto proteet himself. It waa rumoured abontrthe town that the mau was lyñig in bed totten with bed tores. Witness believed that Mooney did, on the day he left, acense witness of leaving h:m three days without visiting him. Th* onrtifioate had not then been given. Mooney was in the private ward, attended today and night by a>nurse. The payments for the UBO of the private ward always wenfc to the Givernment. There was- no difference in witae8s' treatment of patients in the private ward an di thoa« in the public ward. Witness made no personal charge for any hospital patien^ private or 'general* He raada no charge to H. E. Kenny. The aocouat Kenny paid was for services rendered by witness outside the hospital to Kenny and his family. Kenny was in the hospital from the- 14th of. Februiry 'to ihe 4th of March, 1894. If Kenny paid bim anytbiag in respect of that he got a receipt and the money was paid into the Treasury. Witness attended the hospital every day he was in Geraldton. Se did not visit every patient. He- received Charles Connell into the hospital on December 22nd, 1880. Mr. Leake : 1880. Witness: Fifteen years age- He was suffering from a ooaponnd comminuted fraotoxe of tbe leg, the result of a railway accident. Witness amputated the leg. At Conneh's request witness did au' that oould be done to eave the leg, but it was of no avail, and in order to save the man's life his leg bad to be amputated. Witness told him so, and performed the operation unassiated. His Honour : Did he snrvive ? - He did. Mr. Haynes: He did. He ia ona of the witnesses. His Honour: Oh!, he certainly did survive, unless you are going to call ghosts. Mr. Haynes : Oh, no ; they will all be in the flesh, what there is of them. Witness, continuing, said he did not neglect the man in any way, and denied that it was in consequence of the state into which the flosh had fallen that the leg had to be ampa tated. It was not true that a piece of rope was used in the operation, and a couple of months later a piece of the rope over which the flesh had grown, forming a lump, was out out. He was discharged on July 21st, 1881. Witness wrote to the Government and asked them to get Connell a cork leg and give him employment, and they gave him work, at which he had been engaged ever since. In 1881, Sievewright, 12 years of age, was taken out of hospital with his hip lame. He come into the hospital with his hip injured and neglected. He was taken out by his mother, who insisted upon his removal against his' advioe, íahe Was*»-carter^and wiftiesVpre dlcted-to^OrOojther-herW^ as the consequenoe of the^ removal He _was not surprised tohear' thaT Sierew^igfit **\a cripple. Pitobforth's leg waa smashed by a constable's baton wnile under-arreat. It was a, eimple fracture of the knee, aaud-witnesi took himJln frdm the dock-np' the morning after the fracture. Witneaa set the fracture. It was not a fact that the "second time wit- neaa examined it was four or five weeka after the admission. Pitehforth, who was ad- mitted on the 16th of February, remained in hospital sixteen days, and waa then discharged at 'his own request with his leg in Bplinta. Daring these sixteen days witness paid bim proper attention. Pitobforth waa re-admitted on the 15th of May wita an unanited frac- ture. Ha had beo'n re admitted on the 18th of March and discharged on May the 4¡>b, and then re-admitted on the 15th of May and discharged en the 8th ofc November, 1880. His leg was a bit orooked. * Witness had great trouble in breaking down the fiar ona union where the joint was abont to nu te improperly. Witness did not remember re attiing the leg after Pitobforth left, the leg then having got bony union. Robert Crockett was admitted on 8ih November, 1880, suffer- ing from fracture of the leg, and discharged on January lltb, 1881. Wïtnes* believes! the man walked out unsupported. Patsy Sbea was admitted with a simple fraoture of the leg, and was discharged perfectly cured. W. Clifford, a tioket-of leave holder Mr. Haynes» That ia not a complaint. (Laughter.) Witness « No. The man was admitted with a united fracture two years old, done in the bueh, witboat surgical advioe. The foot waa almost at right angles with the outûdé of the leg. Witness refraotured it and re-set it,and discharged him perfectly oured while Connell waa there. John Dann, whom witness went to visit in one of the boarding houses, waa suffering from paralysis, tbe result of exces- sive drinking. He WSB admitted to the hospital the 22nd of July, 1892. Howes discharged on the 17th of October, 1892, and re-admitted on December 8th. It was not trae that witness did not examine him once, and that Dr. Spencer examined him only on one occasion. Galvanism was applied every diy for some time Witness sent him to tae Mount Eliza Depot. Mr. Haynes : Ia be a oripple ?-It all de- pend* upon what yon call a oripple. He is a paralytic His Honour Bail if the man was a para- lytic, the learned ounsal mast see he was a cripple, Mr. Haynes: Wa3 he discharged oursd ? Hil Honour: He sent him to tue depot. Witness, continuing, said John Jaokson waa admitted with a swollen side and arm. Mr. Haynes : Did you apply a linseed poul ice ? Hil Hocour : Are yoa going to ask a jury about this ? A lin-eed pouit'oa, fifteen years ago. Mr. Haynes : I have given them particulars. His Honour : I am protesting against the wa>te of time of tbe Supreme Coart. Wities«, continuing, said it was not true that he did not visit him if he waa ia Gerald- ton at the time. George Mi tob all, suffering from lead paralysis. Mr. Haynes : Was he suffering from the effeo:s of a fal on hi* back ? His Honour : Waa that hia fault ? Surely, your sense of humour is deserting yen ! Mr. Haynes : I really fail to eee tbe oocasion for these remarks. Surely, I am conducting my oase with all propriety. (To witness) Did he ask for opening'medicine P (Laughter.) His Honour : Tliis is really getting a farce. Witness, continuing, sail it was not trne that the patient had to borrow mousy to buy pilla with, an I it was no', true that was the only medicine he received. His Honour: It really seems incredible that a doctor would refaae a pill to a mun if he wanted it. Witness, continuing, said Gaorge Atkinson waa admitted suffering from fraoture of the femar cf the left leg. He waa 64 years of age, and the leg might have needed to be broken again after it had been re-set. His Honour said hu was not going to take all these, and asked the learned c mnsel to give him a list of all he intended to call, and he won'd obeok them off a> they were named. Mr. Haynes said he would pat it shortly. " Witness said Atkinson was again admitted at the age of 78 years, and left because wit- ness wanted to send him to Mount Eliza Depot. John Hodgson, 64 years cf age, came in v*ry drunk and tr luble^ome, with his leg broken. He remained in 170 days. He was a cripple from witness'« earliest recollections of him in the district Bobe rta eame into the hospital, his leg suffering frcm the effects of a railway smash He left the hospital before his leg was ou-ed, at his own request, on acoount of his young woman. He consulted another doctor. He was now perfectly cured, and was a railway guard. Mr. Haynes : About Maudsley ? Witness: Maudsley refused to come t> Court. He W8S brought to the hospital in almost a dying state owing to the shock of a railway accident whioh nearly cut off hia leg. When ht was in a fit condition for amputation he (Maulsl-iy) refused to allow it. He was attended with every care and was BOW well. John Leary, aged 60, was admitted suffering from scurvy. Witness thought he was the man ha had te disoharg« for dtuok nneas. Ada Nellay, a private patient, was thrown off her horse, treated by Dr. Spencer for frac- tured collar bone, and dis'ocated shoulder. She was taken to har ovn house, and sub- sequently ehe waB treited by Dr. Greville. Her shoulder was et ff, bat that wae because she would not nae it. She made no complaint abont her treatment James Toohill was thrown out of a trap i>nd hart hia obe<t, in 1898, and waa discharged nine days later onr^d. Previous to that h9 had h's ^he-ilder dislocated and witness fa.d he wou'd have it put right if he came io, but he had not pat in an appearance. John Dignon br ke b >th bis legs, falling off the Greenough bridge. Wit- ness attended him and he waa cured. Thomas Tetberington broke his leg, and waa oared. His Honour: How many more of theae gentlemen are there ? Mr. L°ake : We have notice of about eighty. His Honour : Oh ! The ailments and injuries of others were inquired into, these being Thomas Hopwood and Osborne Bitohie-when it wa^ decided not to ask about the remainder, but to leave the witnesses to come in and give evidence, and then if necessary io reoall tae plaintiff. Mr. Haynes asked tbe witneaB whether he had SB'.n the names on tin amended list, and if a iy of the persons had complained to hi sa of want of trea'ment or neglect on his pa.'t. Wifcnesa replied that they had not. Cross-examination continued : Witnss* wa* director of a pap-r called tbe Geraldton Telegraph. He siw a letter published in tbe isaue of March 5th last signed by Whiiney and Allen. (Letter read. It purported to combat the statements of " T'othersider.") Te had nothing to do with the pre ductiou of that letter, and knew i othing about it before it was published. The editor receive 1 dis- tinct instructions no!; to refer to the hospital in any way while the trial was pending. Witness waa present at the election meeting referred lo in " T'othersider'B " letter. He did hear the cindidate, Mr. Simpson, asked if he would support a commission of inquiry into hospital affairs. Mr. Simpson replied if l.lany-oharges of mismanagement were brought ', I to hil notice, hewrajd have an investigation, a ' ' Did you ealTout id an ironical' manner, \- " hear, hear r^-Not in an ironio>»r manner, butperfectly sincerely^- Michael Barrett-was the questioner, and there, were a few around him who"applauded.r Witness* iwenfc to'Barrett afterwards and asked-^foc the names of tbe persona who went to .toe 'hospita previously trying to breed dissension amongst the patients- Witness did, the same evening of the meeting, when they^went up 'to tbe club room, express his surprise that Mr. Alexander should employ such a *. black- guard" a» Barrett; but be did cou ask Alexander to di-obarge him. The reason he oalled "Barrett a blackguard waa that a few weeks before Barrett and two others had been deteotsd by witness going round the hospi al endeavouring to breed dissension amongst tbe patients. As soon ai they saw him tbey made off. The orderly and one of tbe patie-a s complained to him about Barrett and the two other*. Witness naked tbe Government Besident if he oould not summon tbem for trespass, and Mr. Brown said he oould, but advised him not to da BO. Within the laat twelve months Dr. Greville had opened praotioe at Geraldton. A man named Lee, suffering from enteric fever, had refused to go to witnees since the letter appeared. Since the letter appeared Mr. Charles Mitohell ami family, old patients of his, had not consult d him. At this Btage the Court adjourned till half past 10 a.m. the following day. 