THE MAN-EATER. Bow down, ye slaves ! Know ye to wliat ye Low ! Know ye the serpentrgods your bosoms hug ? The brand of Cain on Justice's seared brow ! The Law a Murderer I Its Priest a Thug ! Spake 'Wisdom : — ' Light the Lamp of Justice here, - That all may see the Scales equivalence#, That all may stand within its radiance clear. That nonemay fearits Charter impotence#,* The Springs of Truth released a crystal rill, Through Merom'e Waters unto Galilee's, Translucent, pure — virginity of Will ! — Befouled, 'tis lost in Lake Aaphaltites, Say, Where is Justice now ? The meek-eyed maid, Emotionless, icicular, and dumb, Who nor to right nor left was ever swayed, But, blindly, held the Scales a-centre — plumb V Say, where is Justice? Whore be all her Priests ? Truth- vovred apostles, lenitive but leal ? Not Tigers, roaring over bloody feasts; Not anthropophagi around a meal. Great God ! And we ? — No matter what our sires — Must \cc submit to see Her foully 6lain ? I Save we no free man's spunk? No free man's fires ? But must we crouch the while we guaw the chain V Our fathers gave us rights above these gods of clay, Who are our breath and oi/rcreative whim, Our hireling servants— -creatures of a day, Robust with glory, but with honor slim. Yet hath a Tiger, in the form of Priest, Bared once, dared twice, Her temple to defile With blood of brother-man — Law unreleased, And Justice dungeoned by illegal guile. The blood that's on his heed is on our own ; The murdered ghosts that stalk athwart the gloom Are ours, alas! are ours, not his alone, And tec mast answer to the Day of Doom. Shall we permit another brother's blood To sate the great Man-Eater's dripping lust? Fore God ! A Hunt ! A Tiger of tbe stud ! Have at him, Honesty ! a deadly thrust OF with the robes! and having drawn the fangs, Back to your jungle. Tiger I ' Live on grass Grass-widows, maybe ! Nemesis now clangs The prophecy of that which comes to pass. Ah! would 'twere so, Cut eerfs will crouch again, And Tigers spring, when in a bloody mood ; Too well tbe Pleader knows he pleads in vain, In audience of a spineless multitude. Bow down, ye Slaves ! Ye know to ichat ye bow. Ye know the Serpent-gods your bosoms hug. The brand of Cain on Justice's seared brow ! The Law a Murderer ! Its Priest a Thug ! 