FROUDE IN FACE DEATH. OF Among the recollections of Sir. Froudr, which lppear in the January number of the " Contemporary Keview," the writer, the late Mrs. Alexander Ireland, relates the following adventure which befell Ur. Froude, herself, and sivnc friends when out in a small sailing boat nt-ar Mr. Froude's rrsMeuce :— " There was a whistling, keen cry in tbe wind, and we were hurried along by sheer force of the current of air and water. Opening my eyes, I was suddenly aware of a change in the scene. An ominous blackness lay on the water immediately around our little boat. The t>uii still shone at a distance, but we seemed in night. Tbe cry nf tbe wind was raised to a wild shriek, tbe water rose tuuiultuously, the fierce gale came down one of those ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call tbem—one of those narrow clefts 5 between two hills. The sky, too, had changed ; the sail almost struck the water; rain and sleet fell abundantly. " Just before this change «f weather I had been saying to Ur. I roude, ' I shall never believe that I have been here; it is all like a dream to me, this experience.' And tny companion bad said, ' You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not believe in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign ? or is there any other way ?' " Bis dark eyes were very close to me, and I added nervously,' Oh, I am only joking.' " ' Bat.' he continued, ' will nothing remain to you of these sights and impressions after you leave us ?' " ' To me," I said, * all will remain : but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another.' " He made no reply. The ' squall' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not be righted. Froude, who still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved: " ' Are you afraid ?' He spoke loudly—for tbe roar of the elements made it needful. " I met his look and said quietly, ' Not in the least!' on which he turned his head from me. " The storm^now grew more violent. Miss Fioude, who was self-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to be beard : " 4 1 think we are in danger, f«thor.' To which the reply, given without a tinge of emotion, was: " 'Very likely.' " It flashed through my mind with the strange rapidity that is born of such moments, that a near possibility lay at baud of our all being drowned—since the capsizing of a pleasure boat in deep waters has often led to such an end. 1 saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought: Here is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age—myself 50 —be bot longing to live—I not longing to live. Hitherto I had been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat I felt an inclination to catch at his arm. but did not. ' Still,' thought I, ' if we drown it will be together '; and conscious myself of entire physical disability,it might, after all, have been that we should have clung together in that suurenie moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my mind. For again Froude's voice said, close to my ear : " ' Are you ready ?' " And something nerved me up to add distinctly : " * Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to be now sud here !' " * Well,' said he dreamily, * if 'tis not now,, 'tis yet to come ; the readiness is all ' " And almost as soou as the words were spoken, the boat righted, the stress of tbe storm abated, and we got under shelter of some rocks. " Then Froude said coldly. ' Don't trust to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland !' And he gave me one of bis untavourable, searching looks." 