THE MENACING EYE. A Shobt Detective Story. CHAPTEB Itr. THE BIFEEXBHOB BETWEEN A PROFESSIONAL AND AH JUUTSOS. There ™«8 knocking at my door, and the voice of Mr Hamilton quivered .with fear as he asked what had happened. I opened ' the door and let *»»™ in. He was followed by three or four ser vants, inc tiding the bntlcr, who looked vjry much frightened. He stared from Mr * Hamilton to me in a manner indicating serious perplexity. I heard him wnisper to one of the women-servants to ask how it : happened that 1 was zn Mr Hamilton's room. ] While mafcing my previous investiga tions, I had been hastily patting on my clothes, so that when I admitted the master of the house-and hi« servants, 1' ■was almost completely attired. Mr . Hamilton thought 1 had not been to bed. He asked in boundless surprise if the eye \- had appeared in the light. " No," I replied, "they put the gas out first. That's easy, enough. They conld easily get at the pipe." " What did yon fire at P"he gasped. " At the ej e," wsa my response, and I'll] bet my bullet went right through the middle of it." Hamilton shuddered. "I hope that Mrs Hamilton was not , sarionaly alarmed?' 1 ''She was badly frightened," he said. "I have sue reeded in calming Iter some what. 1 ran into her room instantly upon -' hearing the shot. " It seems that she had not heen asleep. In fact, she sleeps rarely; that is one of the worst features of her malady. ""To-night the storm kept her awake, of course, She fancied that she heard voices, \- and all sorts of alarming noises—so the : nurse says." , "In the dreeBing-roomP" I BBked, with a smile. 7 - He looked at me anxiously, " Do you imagine '' he begin. "I'm practically sure of it," " The secret entrance to this room is from that direction. It is not through the door, nor through the bare wall. There's'the apofr" I pointed to a tall book-case with glass doors, curiously fashioned after the manner «f the old windows. It stood against the ■walL J had viewed that bookcase with suspicion the first time I had seen it, but my preliminary investigations had revealed vtnfikTmv 1 went to it and turned the key in the unusually heavy lcck. Then I threw open the doors. They were very-strong; with \- metal frame-work for the glass. The inner ' aide of the doors was covered with a black woven fabric of the nature of velvet. For any person to come through those doors from the other side while they were look, d was simply impossible. "Do yon know of any secret entrance to ibis room by means of this book-case f" ■ He shook his head, " There is none," be said. _ "'Then, Mr Hamilton," said-I,dropping into a chair, " i know exactly what to do to get at the bottom of this whole mystery." ." What's thrt P" he said. "Smd this," said I,-handing him si piece of paper on which I had written these words: "Coo® down here, at any sacrifice/ It will be worth jour while." The rucssage^ was addressed to Nick Carter. I ssnt it off as soon aa the tele graph office was open the next morning," \- -and Nick cxme down early in tee - after noon. Hs heard Mr Hamilton's story and mine with a very grave face. " This is certainly marvellous," he said, '.'and I- believe that it contains a veal warning. I can Bay, with the greatest confidence, that these manifestations indi cate that yon, Mr Hamilton, with your wife and servants, should leave this house." " Do yon believe," asked Hamilton, with • ghastly, face, "that this is my dead father's desire." " If supernatural beings," said' Nick, *sre cognisant of earthly affairs/ that is unquestionably his desire." Mr Hamilton bowed gravely, and with out another word went to give the necat ' eary orders. " Well, upon my word," said Nick; when he wag.grone; *' that man is so thoroughly convinced of the supernatural nature of ■this occurrence that he didn't even ask m* dor a rational explanation 1 Let's go up to Ttbst room." We went up Nick spent about a minute In looking the plaoe over. " Hot in through the book-case, I see," he said. " Won't do, Nick," said I. "He doors | were locked and they rqiteak when they are opened, and there isn't a panel iu the side <of the thing anywhere." "There's one in the back,"said Nick. " I can see it frc-m here." He had the doors open, and wni looking into the book-case. "1 snspected that," ®ud I, "but I couldn't it." " I'll show it to you by and by," said he, "there's another one in the bottom." " In the bottom " I began, wonder ing. -Don't you see," end he, "somebody -went down through the bottom into that big drawer. Tee drawer isn't locked, the man inside of it could shove it open, and then he could step right out of it into the room." He showed me how it was done. The drawer worked noiselessly. " Bat the eye—how was that managed 1" 1 asked. He held one of the doors of the book-case •open, and examined the b'aok curtain which covered it on the insid;. Finally •he drew it aside in one place in a peculiar manner. A lenticular glass was thus bared. It was round, and about as big as a saucer. The curtain was so arranged that it oou d he opened exactly at that spot, leaving all the rent of the glass covered. " Look through that." he said, directing my eye to the round glass. I .saw a greatly magnified image «! a part of the wail'of the room. In short, that round piece of glass set into the frame of the door was a leas. Nick got on the ether side of it. 1 saw for an ina'anfc his face web magni fied and distorted., a id then, as he got in focus, only .his <y > was visible, and it }ooked qiore or lee&dikethe; eye tfctgt I had seen in the night, but without the ghastly illumination. -3' That,"-he s&id;, in &T7Bwer; to my ques tion, " was produced, probably, by n Email electro light within the- curtain, and backed by a n flestor, so that the rays were thrown exactly into the eye of a person standing behind this door. " In other words, somebody, by means of the panel, got into this book-case, which is empty, as yon see. Ho then threw a ray of light into ycur eye, through a crack, so as to dtzzle you and also get a little light on yon, so he conld tell when yon were go ing to ehoifc. " That light didn't help yon any. Tim he touched off his electric light inside the reflector, atd put his eye in the focus of this lens. Ton saw the eye through the glass. " The bteek curtain prevented yon see ing anything else, for no light could come out. The eye appeared to stand alone, sad it was enormously msgnifiedaud dis torted, bat the electric light brought oat the color—mind that." " Bat, -hold on, Hick," said I; " this .won't do at all. The eye wasn't here- It was over at the'end cf the room For in stance, from my bod, I looked south to this book-case,' bat the eye was due west of mc—right over the foot of the bed. It was just- between those windows. "Dj you suppose that ! shot at this thing and hit away over there, at right angles >with the direction of the thirg I shot at?" Hick laughed. " No," he said j " we strike now a new thing in ghosts. Didn't it ccsur to yon as etrange that j'u never could find anything in this room after it got d*rk, that jou fell ont o? bad on one ride, and got up on the o-her, that you looked for the table, and for the chair with yonr waistooat on it, and Couldn't find them P " Why, my boy, they played a beautiful, trick wish yon. Just as soon as yon gat into bed, and the lights were ont, some body sneaked into your room and turned your bjd around. Look at those castors!" Well, they were the finest things' raver saw. They wsre little pneumatic wheels, ■nd the bed rolled on them without a shiver-or a sonnd. "When yon get into bed," Hick con tinued, "you looked out over the foot of it toward that wall where the windows are. When they twisted yon around, you looked at the bookcase. "The instant they saw that yon were -ready to fire, they pnt the light < ut, and the men under yonr bed wheeled it around. No wonder yon conldn't hit anything. The bed was moving. " Before yon conld find your matches, the man who tamed the- bed crawled out again, and once yon fell over him. It didn't take kim long to get out of the zoom by mesne of this drawer and panel. "The first time you jumped out of bed it was moving -That's one 'reason why yon fell down. When you storied up, you were nnder the bed, and yon banged yonr head on one of the heavy mahogany sides Then your visitor rolled the bed over yon, and you got up on the other side." Nick paused a minute to listen "Ah," he said, "they're taking away Mrs Hamilton." "It wad true. We heard them carry her through the hall." " Come," said Nick, and he steppsd in side the bock-oa3e. 1 followed, and wo stood there listening. He had closed the dsois behind as. Presently I heard a step in the dresring-room. Someone was listen ing at our door. I heard a bolt slide on the other side cf it. Then the footsteps retreated. Next minute there was a light in the darkness. Nick had opened the panel. We passed through into the dressing room and crept toward the door of Mrs Hamilton's apartment. * I looked through and saw the English butler leaning over Mrs Hamilton's bed " He ripped the sack ing open and pulled out of it a- hundred thousand in noteB, and eight thou sand in gold —the missing money of the Hamilton estate. There wasn't any need to count it. We both knew what it was. Hick had the butler iu his grip in a twinkling. There was a little struggle, in the course of which, to my momentary horror, Nick pulled off the butler's hair and-his side whiekers. He looked very different. Without-explaining to me or apologising to fire butler, Nick led him rapidly through thehalL At the end of it we ezcountered Mr Hamilton. He stared in wonder, and very nearly fell down the stairs behind him " Frank 1" he exclaimed. "So I supposed," said Nick. "Yonr brother, 1 b-lieve, Mr Hamilton. Disin herited by your father's will. I believe." "It is so," replied Hamilton. "My father did not believe that he war to be trusted with the management of-any large eutnof money, and so he put my brother's share in my care." "My share!" exclaimed the prisoner. "What did it amount to anywayP No thing." '* Oh, I might as well tell the whole story now. .1 heard the will read, then 1 got hold of a key to my father's drawer in the safe, and secured that memorandum. "It is saidthat the money -was hidden in hie bed—just -what might be expected of a man like- my father. I resolved to have it, but jour wife lay rick inthsfc bed, and the chances were, according to the doctor's story, that she would lie there for 'two years. \- *• She never slept soundly enough to per mit of anybody's touching the bed. Per haps I might bave'drugged her, bat 1 was toodeoent £6r that. "So I tried to scare yon out of the hoose. - Then 1 was in a little too mach of a hurry for the money, that's all, and this man canght me.'* "1 suppose this cin all be amicably settled without, the aid of the courts," said Nick. " I have explained the ghost to my friocd, and I will explain it to you, Mr Hamilton, at any time. Mrs Hamilton may now be brought back to her comfort able quarters. You must hire a new butler and two servants to replace the conspira tors he brought with him, and after that you will not be disturbed by any more suf ernatural visitations." [the end]. 