PRICE MEMORIAL HALL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. Yesterday afternoon the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Price Memorial Hall took place under very happy auspices, the weather being bright and springlike. The hall is situated in Tamar.street, to the south of and adjoin- ing the Congregational Church. When completed it will serve the purpose of a place for worship for a time until the prosperity permits of a new church being erected. As the name indicates, the build- ing is to be raised in memory of the late Rev. Charles Price, whose phenomenal pastorate of 50 years had placed him high in the respect and love of his flock. The edifice will be substantial, and will be a decided acquisition to the street. The measurements of the main hall are 67ft x 36ft and 26ft high to the centre of the ceiling. The walls, to be built on cement concrete foundations, will be 14ft. The style of architecture is Queen Anne American, and the facade will be of red brick, with cement dressings. The en- trance to the main hall will be from Tamar- street, and there will be an inside porch 14ft x 6ft leading into aisles 4ft wide on each side. There will be a fall of 1ft 6in towards the platform. The hall will be 36ft x 11ft, and at the rear of the platform there will be a classroom 20ft x 12ft and vestry 14ft x 12ft. Tasmanian timber will be used for the internal fittings, polished blackwocd being of course extensively used with others that will form a nice contrast. The two front and four of the windows on each side will be fitted up with cathedral glass. The contractors have already made considerable progress with the structure. There was a fair attendance to witness the ceremony. A temporary platform had been erected at the building, upon which were seated the Revs. George Clarke, of Hobart (who laid the stone), J. G. Wright (the present pastor of the church), Handel Jones, W. Law, and J. W. Simmons, of Hobart, and a number of ladies. After a hymn had been sung the Rev. Handel Jones read a portion of scripture and Rev. W. Law offered up prayer. The Rev. J. G. Wright then read the following statement, which he said would be enclosed in a bottle to be placed under the foundation stone: This hall is erected for the glory of God, and called the " Price Memorial," ex- pressive of the long, useful labours of the late Rev. Charles Price, who for 50 years was the faithful pastor of the first In- dependent Church in Launceston. The work was carried out by Messrs D. McEwan and Sons, the successful tenderers, the contract being £811. The seats were made by Messrs H. T. Russell and Son for the sum of £102 10s. The total cost of the building, which is of the Queen Ann American style, is estimated at £1000, and was designed by Mr A. E. Luttrell, archi- tect, of St. John-street, Launceston, who is supervising the work. Twenty-four of the friends and members of Tamar- street church have each guaranteed a £50 Build- ing Society share, which will mature in 15 years, thus providing for the extinction of the debt when that periods elapses. Many other friends have liberally contributed towards the erection of the building, a lady friend heading the list with £50. May the blessing of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, which maketh rich and addeth no sorrow, richly descend on the united labour now consecrated to the glory of God. JOHN GEO. WRIGHT, Oct. 4, 1895. Pastor. A hymn was then sung, and the Rev. Geo. Clarke whom Mr Wright introduced as the chairman of the Tasmanian Congre- gational Union, and one of the oldest, if not the oldest friend of the late Rev. Chas. Price-proceeded to lay the stone. A very handsome silver trowel was presented to the rev. gentlemen bearing an inscription setting forth the particulars of the occasion. Underneath the stone had been placed the statement read by Mr Wright, a copy of the Launceston Examiner and Daily Tele- graph of yesterday's date, and the silver coins of the realm. The stone having been placed in position, Mr Clarke said-I declare this stone to be well and truly laid. "May the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us; may it pros- per the work of our hand; yea, the work of our hand prosper Thou." Turning to the gathering Mr Clarke said he was not very well versed in the ceremonial proprie- ties of laying foundation stones, and if there were any members of the honourable craft present he hoped they would not be hard upon his ignorance. He was very glad to be there, and to have an opportunity of expressing his most cordial sympathy with the object that they had at heart. He felt quite sure that the erection of that building would be a great convenience to the church, and that it would contribute a good deal to the efficiency and proper working of the church. He was glad to think that they had associated the build- ing with the memory of their late vener- able friend the Rev. Charles Price, and that it would also be a monument to him, whose services at more difficult times than these were of very great avail in the Christian cause. He thought it was of very great importance that they should have annexed to the church building, and yet separate from it, a hall such as that. His own feeling was that they could not do the work that they had to do very well within walls that had been consecrated to the special worship of Almighty God if they were used also as the Sunday school. Surely that was a religious institution, and yet they knew very well that the attempt to conduct a Sunday school within the walls of a church from Sunday to Sunday had resulted in inconvenience, and therefore he was glad to see they would have two buildings at their disposal. They acknowledged that there were no intrinsic holy places. Wherever the devout wor- shipper bent the knee that was a holy place in God's sight, and the prayer that he might offer got as ready access to the Great Hearer of prayer as if it were offered to him in the stateliest cathedral of Chris- tendom. But while he confessed to that feeling he preferred to have places for public worship, and that they should be kept for public worship. Some time ago there was a very great movement-not a strong, but certainly a noisy movement- in the old country to utilise their churches for objects of various kind--for such things as entertainments, concerts, reading clubs, and he knew not what. He was very sorry to see that movement and very glad indeed that it collapsed, because he was quite sure that it was not in the interests of reverence. He would say keep the churches for the Christian object for which they were built, and attend to them. There were other buildings which could be used for the purposes he had alluded to, and where they could do anything that was not essentially wrong and unChristian. He hoped and believed, as he had said, that they would find the hall not only a great comfort and convenience to the church, but it would also help very much indeed towards the church's efficiency. He hoped that none of them had anything like feelings that they were to be for ever under the cloud of depression from which this colony, and indeed nearly all countries in the world, had lately been suffering. He be- lieved that there were already rifts in the cloud, and he did hope that when better times came they would do their utmost to release themselves from the great obliga- tions they had incurred. On the whole he thought they had adopted a very wise course, and he trusted that by God's bless- ing resting upon their endeavours the building would prove to be a comfort to the church for the honour of God, the glory of Christ, and the welfare of the community. He prayed that all that they had asked for would be accom- plished. Mr Wright then read the following telegram from Mr S. J. Sutton, M.?.A., Superintendent of the Sunday school - "I regret my unavoidable absence from your gathering to-day. May the founda- tion stone of the Price Memorial Hall be well and truly laid, and building completed as an Ebenezer of God's goodness to His people. I wish you many years of success- ful work in the hall, and join with friends in kind remembrances of the past and high hopes for the present and future greetings to the young people. Hobart friends unite with all to-day in their hopes and aspira- tions."' After the singing of another hymn a collection was made, and the benediction was pronounced by the Rev. J. W. Simmons. The gathering then dispersed. 