A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Ileywood received i strange letter It was from his rnaidei aunt. Miss Maud Hey wood. " Come at-once," it said. «• I am going tt die, and I want to leave you my- property It seems right to see jon first." Arthur bad never met his Aunt Maud,whc lived by herself in a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from hei mother, wbiio the boys—her brothers—wera obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur** father bad been the eldest, and all he bad evereaid^f his sister Maud was that some-1 thing she bad done in early youth had made them all angry, and tbat they never saw j each other, and, for his part, ho never desired to do so. And sow, when Arthur Ileywood WBB quite alone in the world, this aunt bad written to him. He expected to find a witch- like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant- woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, aud held out her hand to him. •'You are a Hey wood,"she said. "You resemble your father, but are not so stern. Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must bave had s bard life of it, unless he was kinder to hei Iban to his sister. 1 1 There, don't speak. I 6hall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few monthB. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I say. " Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last." With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirtyyear- old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a school-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A nigbt lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself Was that his aunt might be tatan ill in the night; but be was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. *" It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," he said. «' I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghostseer, he waB awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with Berce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress-of Bome grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a servant of some sort, and it was Arthur's impression that his aunt was ill. " Have you come to call met" be asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood Tun cold; " that woman is dying." "My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. " Your aunt," replied the figure. " If some one doesn't Bet to work at once she'll die without being hnng. I want her hung." "This is a lunatic," thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was gone. He went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring* The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had hadabad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, was repealed three times. Each time the Strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hung, and declared that if it were not dene it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in n sort of diary he was in the habit of kee|«ng, following it by some reflections upondieams. A f iast, however, he was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His aunt was dying—a servant bad come for him. When he reached her room she was insensible. She never spoke to him again. He could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of rcspect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was read. tt left everything to Arthur neywood, only Bon of her deceased brother, 8elim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar—never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "UnlesB my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." Out Arthur l»ad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of bis dead aunt, who, "doubtless, had consigned to tbe garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. Aud he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs. Ileywood made this reaark, her husband would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." " Who will ever know?" she would uree. " Who cares ?" " A codicil which I have never seen remains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen?" And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeards chamber. Tbe mystery was greater, however, to the children , and when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that nothing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which "might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, lie peeped in ; but at the moment the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade tbe opening of the garret door, one of them bade the .child remain where he was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then tbe woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what ? To approach,to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covercd with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time. When he Riurned he found the 1 ng seJed garret door opened, heard his wife's fliory amidst her Bobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There be stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. Tbe Ekeleton upon the bed wore the erev dress, the white cap, and had tbe straight black hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution ol bis aunt, Maud Hey wood. Whatever this meant, the discovery bad been a public one, and so must the explanation be. Arthnr sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession' was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil bad been enveloped and scaled by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words: "This paper will only be opened if the gamt is opened Jso. In that case my secret will ba known to those who are of my own 'age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well known in the neighborhood, and but j for letters "which wnica I i wrote myself myseir and ona ex- i hibited to carious folk, the truth might have j been suspected at the time, "Jane came to live with me as house* keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w>s belrothcd to a man I adored. My brother' Rupert hated him. He placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken oil and my life embittered. My lover left me wiib scorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I aisco.ered Jane Jarvelle's treachery. I went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I murdered her. I stabbed her to tue heait. She lived only long enough to shriek: " 'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this!' " She has done it. I have seen her. But I shall not be bung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonebiy. I did not lie. " My brother, Rupert,cross- questioned me, and male great search for Jane Jarvelle; the others were fiever good to mc. Oars was an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peare, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what bas my life been J Again I say—pity mc, and pray for me." 