By'MRS. HUNGERFORD, Author of " Molly Bawnj" "Lady Branks mere,", "The Duchess," "A Born Coquette," "TheRed House:Mystery,"&c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights, reserved.] •Chapter VI.' In her is highe beauty without pride And youth witlioute greerihood or folly, To all her workes virtue is her guide. Humbless hath slain in her all tyranny— She is the mirror of all courtesy, Her heart a very chamber o£ holiness! Her hand minister of freedom for almes! • —Ciiaucer. " No," says Susan. The .word is not a denial, it is merely an ejaculative expression of the most extreme astonishment largely mingled with disbelief. The sun is glinting through the trees_ in the old orchard right down on her head, striking a light from the glancing knitting needles she has now let fall into her lap. - This old orchard is the happy hunting' ground 6f the Barry chil dren old and young, the place where they rush to in their joyous moments, the place where they crawl to with their griefs and woes. To-day neither joys nor griefs are near them, and it is not of sheer love alone for its mossy old apple trees and its sunlit corners that Susan had tripped in here while .ago with a dilapi dated old novel tucke'd into her apron pocket and the eternal sock with the heel half turned between her pretty fingers. After her had straggled Betty, a slender creature of six teen, and Tom the baby. Tom was five, but he was always the baby, there having been no more babies after him, principally because his mother died when he was born. And last of all came Bonnie, the little cripple—hopping sadly on his crutches, until Susan saw him and ran back to him and cbught him in her arms and placed him beside her on the warm soft grass, putting out her much-washed cotton skirt that he might sit upon it - and' so be pro tected from even an imaginary damp—and had cuddled him up to her, to the many droppings of the stitches- of the long-suffering Garew, who came between Betty and Susan, was away, fishing somewhere in the Crosby river, and Jaoky had not putin an appearance since breakfast. How ori earth his lessons are going to be prepared between this—2 o'clock —and 5 makes Susan wonder anxiously— why doesn't he come home—what can he be doing ?. She has hardly got further than this in her thoughts of the truant when, suddenly he ap pears upon the scene, a very rosy, bright-eyed rascal, big with news. Indeed it was the coming of Jacky and the, astounding revelation in his opening sentence^that he had sprung upon them in a most' unprincipled way, without a word of warning—that had drawn from Susan that heavily emphasised "No." She speaks again now.; "I don't believe it," she says. "Oh, Susan, why not?- asks Betty, who is sitting with her .hands folded behind her head, perhaps^ because if she brought them forward she might find. some knitting to do top. Idle hands they :are, only made for mischief ; so is the face to which they belong. "Because it's nonsense," says Susan, shrugging her shoulders and drawing Bonnie closer to her. "And besides, I don't want to believe it." "Oh, I do," says Betty,.-with a little grin from under her big sunrliat. "Go on, Jaoky." "I saw her—I saw her plain," says Jacky, his rosy round face fired with joy at the thought of being for once the bearer of im portant news. " She was walking about in the garden. , "In," from Susan in a severe tone, "Mr. Wyndham's garden ?" "Yes, in there." Jaoky now looks as though he is going to hurst. "Why don't you be lieve me. I saw her, I tell you. I saw her quite plain. An' her hair is dark, a lot darker than yours, an' she's got a blue frock like your Sunday one, only better!" Susan interrupts him with dignity. " I don't see how Mrs. Deniu' (Denis's wife was always called Mm. Denis; if she had any other name it was sunk beneath insuperable barriers.) Mr. and Mrs; Denis she and her hus band had been since thepriest poured hisblessing down upon them and made them one in the olcl chapel built on the rock at the end of the village. This rock gave the pariah priest a dis tinct crow over the Protestant clergyman, "Ye would quote me the Scriptures, would • ye !" Father McFane would call'to Mr. Barry .. as the latter drove by the chapel in his Nor- . wegian on his way to the- church, beyond. , "An'what did St. Paul say? 'Likeahou.se . founded upon a rock.' Why,, here's the rock, man. Come in, come in ; where are ye going?" • > It occurred every Sunday, and Mr. Barry • would smile back at Father McFane and nod - his head, for the two indeed were great friends; as the Protestants and Rojnan Catholics often are in small places, until some. one comes .into . them with wild news and absurd tidings from . incendiaries outside, to upset the loving work I of years. '. ; . : "I don't see how Mrs. Denis'shiece or cousin : or whatever she is should have a better gown than mine," says she. "But she isn't Mrs. Denis's cousin; she's too ; young," says Jacky. . "She's a girl and she : was pulling the flowers like anything, and if : she belonged to Mrs; Denis she . wouldn't be . let do that!" , Jacky's English is always horrible. ." Oh, you've dreamt the whole thing," said Susan contemptuously. "Bun away and : play ——She has forgotten about the ; lessons. ■ ; " Oh, you are a matplot..I jam going to be- ; lieve in Jacky for once in my life; Don't go, Jacky; Jacky, come back.. If you don't Aunt ' Jemima Will make you do your lessons." . This has a magical effect. Jacky swerves ; round. ■ i "She ;is there," says he indignantly. "I did see her.'.' He seems to' dwell on this .fact with gusto. " An'she's not Mrs. Denis's niece. - On old Meany down by the mill says she's been • there for four weeks." \ ■£ "The plot is thickening," says Betty lazily. - J"'Tis, a clever villain whoever ;she: is—fancy • her being here for four weeks without the very ' size of her shoes being known throughout the ! length and breadth of Curragh'cloyne. ■ Four = days ought to have done it. Go on, Jacky. Had ; she a cloven foot by any chance ?" • : . ' "No. But," and Jacky's eyes widen and ' he seems to swell, " Meany; saysshe is a » prisoner." - "Awhat?" "Yes; a real prisoner! She'snot let go out ■ of the place. Mrs. Denis never opens the front gate now but comes out by the little green one We . can see from the hall door, an' even that's ] locked when she comes out ah' goes'back again, : Meany says." ... ; "Mrs. Denis very seldom comes out by any other," says Susan. • . "But she doesn't always lobk it behind her," - puts in Betty, who is evidently beginning to enjoy herself. ' • "Now she locks the front gate too," says" JaCky triumphantly. "It's perfectly thrilling,'.' declares: Betty, • sitting .up and growing openly interested;- ■ Betty is frivolous. "A prisoner! _ and a young • girl! Can she be the long lost , princess of our infancy ? And imprisoned by Mr; Wyndham I Oh, the terrible man;" "She is, of course, a friend of Mrs, Denis," says Susan with the grand air of one who will - have the truth at any price and who is bent on • dismissing all theories save the practical one. . " It's .the most natural thing in the world,' We ' all khowjMr. Wyndham; told-hgt he wouldn|t ; come doWii for a month orltwo and so she is entertaining a niece or a cousin Or something." "She isn't a niece of Mrs. J, Denis's any way," persists Jacky obstinately, J-'she," with a hopeful, yet doubtful glance at-Betty, whose latest idea has struck him, " she is muchjinore ' ; like a—a princess." Again he looks at Betty . j asif expecting her to bring him through this difficulty of her own making, but Betty fails him as she fails most people. " After all I dismiss the romantic element," says she, nursing her knees andswaying herself ( indolently to and fro in the Warm sunshine. "I incline now towards .the 'supernatural. Susan," addressing her elder sister with due. solemnity, "perhaps she is a ghost|" Her-! face thus uplifted is suffiraeiiitly like Susan's to , let all the world , know .they are of kin, but Betty's face, piquante, provocative,' ■ as it is, lacks the charm of Susan's. Betty is pretty, • nay, perhaps something iinore, for/ the. Banrys., are a. handsome race, butj'Susanr^usan -is-; lovely. It is useless sayings her nose is hot , pure Greek, that her month Wants this'or that, ; that her forehead is a trifle too low., . Susan, when all is said, when long argument has been used, remains What she; was . before—lovely. - The smiling earnest lips, the/liquid eyes; tne ' rippling sunny hair—all these might be another . giiTs, but yet that other; girl-would not be ' Susan. Oh! beauteous Susan ! with -your -r youthftd starry eyes and tender, mirthful, timid air, I would that a brush and not a pen might ■ paint you! ' "A ghost! Nonsense," says . she.-now con temptuously, j "But," thoughtfully,' " what a queer story." And again, with a wrathful :. glance at Jacky, '-'After all, I don'tbelieve a word of it." -' . . A ■■ ■ ■ - "Oil! I do. I want to," says Betty, who revels in sensations. - " And the ghost develop- -. meht is beautiful. I'd rather see a.ghost than . anything. As you looked, Jacky, did she vanish into thin air?" :. . "No; only round the-corner," "says Jaoky. reluctantly,/, He" would evidently have liked ' the vanismhg trick. " Very disappointing;' but., perhaps . that's . her way of doing it.; Corners are always so • convenient." '.''■■••• "If the, gates are;all looked," says Susan; turning suddenly a magisterial eye upon her brother, "may 1 ask how you saW her?" "Ah, that's part of it!' That," says Betty, "is where the fire and brimstone come in.. That's what makes her a ghost. It isn't every- ; body can see through stone - walls," said she; loweringher voice mysteriously and glanc- '• ing at the staring Jacky. - "She had evidently the power to turn Mrs. Dienis's walls into glass! < IPs very unlucky, Jacky, for. ghosts to fall in : love with people, and I'm sorry to say I think ' this one has developed a mad fancy for you." ' " She hasn't!" says. Jacky, who is now ex- - tremely pale. "Circumstances point to it," says Betty, who is nothihg if not a tease. "And when ghosts fall in love they do dreadful things to people. Things like this!" she has risen.and is •' now advancing on the stricken Jacky with hCr / slender arms uplifted.and long fingers pointed j downwards and arranged like Claws. She liaS taken to a sort of prance,-a high-stepping.walk ' that brings her knees upwards ana her toes outward, and she has worked her face out of all recognition in an • abominable grin. All this taken together proves too much fdr Jacky, who, his face now visibly paler, descends pre cipitately upon Susan. (To be continued.) 