NOTES OP THE WEEK. —Football —Season opens. —Town v. St. Kilda. —Council meeting Tuesday. —The coal storage question about again. —Gunner Dunn leaves for England next —Great future for the frozen meat trade predicted. —Mr. G. W. Halter installed into the Jlub Hotel. —The Lindisfarno left the Graving Dock )n Wednesday. —Parliament will probably reassemble on 29th instant. —The Sewer benefit performance a big iinancial success. —Good times coming. Wheat, wool and silver going up in price. —G. V. Baker will be a municipal candidate this year. —The gymnastic club will resume opera tions this winter. —Mr Fred Smith re-appears with Cogill’s Minstrels to-night. —Mr Styles has stirred the council up on the storage question. —The hairdressers to close weekly on and after Wednesday next. —Football results to be posted at the Advertiser otlice to-day.. —The Wyudhain Council has £400 to its credit, notwithstanding —The Lindisfarno taking in a fresh cargo of wheat at the Railway pier. —The Mayor estimates £20 a3 the net proceeds of “ Arrah-Na-Pogue." —Chief-gunner Dann, who leaves by the Liguria, has done 03 years service. —Twenty four players attended the pavilion to train ou Thursday eveuing. —Mr G. N. Mustlier. Ferguson street, has been appointed chemist to the Hospital. —The collapse of the Stony creek tunnel made much of in' the Yorm sower inquiry. —Wobbling about.—The sewerage en quiry committee sat at Williamstown yestcr —147 scats reserved for last Monday's dramatic performance for the Sewer Relief —Thomas Dooley, the author of the Collingwood murder, a native of Williams —Captain Thrussell has been sounding the scene of the tunuel disaster. Twsuty feet of —The certificate of Captain Norris of the Liudisfarue, suspended for a mouth, with £7.7. costs, —The dresses of the ladies assisting at the Holy Trinity Church bazaar specially attractive. —The tariff report recommends that the financial position of the Harbour Trust be investigated. —The Tariff reductions likely to greatly increase the revenue without injury to the Protective policy. —Newnham, the anti-vaccinationist, has removed to Albert Park, and intends to return to England. —The Dagonet Society play “ Missing at Lloyds” on .Monday night in aid of the sewerage relief fund. —Mr Sands, of the Austral studio, Douglas parade, intimates that he has no travellers employed. —The Wyndham Council propose to test the question as to whether the sewage farm is exempt from rating. —The new Malice line has added £00,000 to the railway revenue in three months, by its wheat traffic alone. —Over two pounds collected from tlioso unable to obtain admission to the Memorial service last Sunday evening. —James, the footballer, to be billiard marker when Mr G. V. Baker enters into possession of the Club Hotel. —Common sense—The Wyndham Council approves of leasing closed roads, instead of throwing them in free as at present. —Mr John Cook, of the Uiverina Frozen Meat Company, expects the company to more than hold its own with America. —Newnham was about at Monday night’s show. He stole on to the platform to dis play a placard on his favorite theme—anti vaccination. —The total number of lepers at Molokai is now about 1200. Of these ouly 12 are whites. The mortality is annually about 130 out of every 1000. —At the Temperance Hall to-night u farce, “A Ghost in a Pawn .Shop" and two act drama entitled, “The Dumb Witness”, will be staged. —A Punch and Judy show this afternoon in connection with Holy Trinity Church Fair. Perambulators aud children in arms specially invited. —Mr Candler sent to tlio Advertiser offico yesterday for information regarding the Collingwood tragedy in order to fix a time for adjourning the court, —The legacy which Mr Henry George re ceives under the will of the late Mr. S, M. Burroughs, of London aud Dratford, amounts to between £3000 and £4000. —Whisky—Mr Joshua, of Joshua brothers, distillers, purchased tho cargo of the Lindisfarno at a shilling per bag. Wheat quotations are the rising in London. —Tip for the local Cool Storage Company promoters—the Riverina Company has not made any arrangements as yet as to its port of shipment. —Mrs. Florence Bothell, vocalist, of Melbourne has obtained a decree for the dissolution of her marriago on the ground of her fathers adultery. —Candid—The Harbour Trust in its ann ual report, states it is a misapprehension to regard it as a trading concern. No doubt, too much to leeward. The “Naval Brigade," section which was setting the Government on to retrench the Permanent men, has got the worst of the deal. The blow has recoiled. The Brigade is to be retrenched itself. Alas—the day. —The military display at tho Town Hall on Thursday and last night is well conducted. The local artillery are taking an active part and have a good share of big guns &c.; 6 —James Lee, who died on Thursday in old artilleryman and held the rank of sergeant. He was the winner of the firs prizo at the first artillery association comnet iition at Queenscliff. —Sarcastic:—The Harbor Trust annua1 report says— “The wharves at Melbourne lave been crowded with shipping during nost of the year; but the bay piers have not seen so favoured.” —Frank Rider won the bat presented by Mr James Hall, president of tbe A.JT.A., Cricket Club, to the highest scorer iu the first innings in tho match agaiuat North Melbourne. The Welsh Church was invaded on Thursday evening. Some persons iu search of a cheap feast, helped themselves to tho refreshments provided for tho send off to Mrs Jones, organist. —From the stamp Jdnties paid by patent medicine makers it has been estimated that at least 4,000,000 pills are taken by tho inhabitants of tho United Kingdom every week. In France the quantity is about half. Only about 1,000,000 pills are taken weekly by the people of Russia. The largest piil takers in the world are tho Australians. —Mr Jones yesterday described tho principal witness in tho Crowle case as an ‘‘ unmitigated liar ” and an informer. The witness referred to had stayed there five days under an assumed namo and repre sented that he was “ a Dublin gentleman,” on his- wayj back to “ old Ireland " in tho next mail boat. 