How He Died. It was New Year's ovo, and wo wore sitting in the old dining-hall of tho Whoatshonf, talking over tho tono of tho Christinas stories in thonowsniipors und magazines. Thoro wore Disk, Charley. Bob, mid inysolf, and iu the oornor of tho fireplace, apparently absorbed in niR uvrn roncotiuiiH, mita Mtranger, tall, aught, and handsome, with linos of care in his fnc'o plainly vlsiblo as ho turned his head now and then towards tho light. " I don't believe," said Dlok, " that anybody ovor saw a spirit. I do not menu a vulgar common ghost, locauso tlioy wont out of fusliion long ugo, but a spirit from another world, in fniit, I doubt vory much whether there bo anuthcr world." A movement in the oornor uttrnotcd our attention, tbo strnngor bad risou and was advancing towards us. 11 Pardon mo, geutlemcu," bo said with a courtoous bmv, and in a swcot musical voice, " bat I uhullongo that roniurk, and witli your permission will toll you why." Of course wo nt onoe requested him to be seutod, mid bogged him to toil us his story. "Many years ugo," ho begun, "I hndun only ahlld, a daughter, whom I dearly loved, and wlioao happiness nnd wolfnro wore tho objects of my life. Whilst yet a baby, I luat her uudor peculiarly distressing eircninstunces, und tor a tnno was actually hoside myaolf with grlof. "Timo, liowovor, the great henlor, as well as tho great destroyer, did its work, and I was able to tako up tlio thread of lifo again. " Romo two years afterwards I was ill, and ono night I saw my child an alio hud been in life, but uppnroutly juat two yours older. I renohed out my arnia to tako hor, but sho smiled, shook nor head, mid vaniahod. I shortly afterwards roeovorod." Somo two years later I lind another sharp, auddcu attack of tho same illness, und on tiio scuoud night tho vision nppoured again, and ugain tlio child appeared to bo atill oldorbytwo yours than the last time. "Again I roeovorod, nnd that is now just two years gone, but I am its oortnm uh I sit hero now that sooner or lator alio will oomo again for mo, and thnt alio will take my spirit with hor. "Wo broko up shortly afterwards uqd retired to our rooms. Tho next morning at breakfast tho strnngor did not appear, and on sending to his room to inquire the muid oould got no answer. Wo uocoinpanioil tlio landlord to his door, whioh wo ioiind unlocked ; but tho atrangor lay on tho bed with nunh a smilo of peuco on his faoo, that wo know that tho third mntuago had como in tho night. " Cardiau syncope." said the doctor. "Doatli from natural causes" wus tlio jury's verdict, but two, at least, of us are convinced that there is another world, and that two loving spirits | dwoll together there. Atbox, 