Strange Pages from Family History. LOVE has been responsible for many strange and curious vows in the past, and some years ago it was stated that J the original of Charles Dickens's Miss Havisham %vas living in the flesh not far from Yentnor in the person of an 1 old maiden lady, who, because of the 1 maternal objection to some love afiair in her early life, made and kept a vow that she -would retire to her bed, and there spend the remainder of her days. It was a stern vow, but she kept her word, *and the years have come and gone, and the bouse has never been swept or garnished, the garden is in an overgrown tangle, and the eccentric lady lias spent twenty years between the sheets.' But whether this piece of romance is to be accepted or not, love has been the cause of many fool ish acts, and many a disappointed damsel has acted in no less eccentric a fashion than Miss Havisham, who ' was so completely overcome by the failure of Qompeycou. fp appear on the wedding morning tha^heTSecame fossilised, and gave orders that every thing was to be kept unchanged but to remain as it had been on that hapless day. Henceforth she was al .ways attired in her bridal dress with lace veil from head -to foot, white shoes, bridal flowers in her white hair, and jewels on her hands and neck. Years went on, the weddiug breakfast remained set on the table, while the poor half demented lady Bitted from one room to another like a restless ghost; and the case is recorded of an other lady whose lover was arrested for 1 forgery on the day before their mar riage was to have taken place. Her TOW took the form of keeping to her ' room, sitting winter and summer alike at her casement and waiting for him who was turning the treadmill, and ?who was never to come again. But vows have not always been broken with impunity. Janet Dal rymple, daughter of the first Lord Stair, secretly engaged herself to Lord Rutherford, who was not acceptable to her parents, either on account of his political principles or his want of' fortune-. The young couple broke a' piece of gold together, .and pledged their troth in the most solemn manner, the young lady, it is said, imprecating dreadful evils on herself should she break her plighted .faith. But shortly afterwards another suitor sought the hand of Janet Dalrymple, and, when \- she showed a cold indifference to his overtures, her mother, LadyStair, in-_ sisted on her consenting to marry the new suitor, David Dunbar, son and heir of David Dunbar of Baldoon, in Wigtownshire. It was in vain that Janet Dalrymple confessed her secret engagement. The marriage took place, and the terrible tragedy that followed is finely told in * The Bride of Lammer tnoor.' Many a vow too rashly made has been followed by an equally tragic re sult, instances of which are to be met with in the legendary lore of our county families. A somewhat curious legend is connected with a monument in the church of Stoke d'Aberaon, .Surrey. The story goes that two young brothers of the family of Vin cent, the elder of whom haiS just come into his estate^ were out shooting on Faircaile Common, about two miles from the village. They had put up sever&L; birds, but- had not been able to get a single shot, when the elder swore with an oath that he would fire at whatever they next met with. They had not gone far before a neigh bouring miller passed them, whereupon the younger brother reminded the elder of his oath, who immediately fired at the miller, and killed him on the spot. Through the influence of j his family, backed by large sums of money, no effective steps were taken ^ to apprehend Yincspt. but, after lead iug a life of complete seclusion for some years, death finally put an end to the insupportable anguish of his mind. Another momentous vow, but one of a terribly tragic nature, relates to Samlesbury Hall, which stands about midway between Preston and Black burn, and has long been famous for its apparition of ' The Lady in White.' The story generally told is that one of the daughters of Sir John South worth, a former owner, formed an attachment with the heir of a neighbouring house, and nothing was wanting to complete their happiness except the consent of the lady's father. Sir John was ac cordingly consulted by the youthful couple, but the tale of their love for each other only increased his rage, and he dismissed them wit^i the most bitter denunciations. * No daughter of his should evei*" be united to the son of a family which had deserted its ancestral faith,' he solemnly vowed, and to intensify his disapproval of the whole affair he for bade the young man liis presence for ever. Difficulty, however, only served to increase the ardour of the lovers, and, after many secret interviews among the wooded slopes of the Ribble, an elopement was arranged, in the hope that time would eventual^ bring her £ather>s forgiveness. But the day and place were unfortunately overheard by the lady's brother, who had hidden i himself in a thicket close by, deter mined, if possible, to prevent what he considered to be his sister's disgrace. On the evening agreed upon both parties met at the appointed hour, and, as the young knight moved away with his betrothed, her brother; rushed from bis hiding place, and, in persu ance of a vow he had made, slew him. After this tragic occurrence, Lady Dorothy was sent abroad to a convent, where she was kept under strict sur veillance ; but her mind at last gave way-the name of her murdered sweet heart was ever on her lips-4nd she died a raving maniac. It is said that on certain clear, still evenings, a lady in white can be seen passing along the gallery and the corridors, and then from the hall into the grounds, to meet a handsome knight, who receives her on his bended knpes, and he then accompanies her along the walks. On arriving at a certain spot, in all pro bability the lover's grave, both the phantoms stand still, and as they seem to utter soft waitings of despair, they embrace each other, and then their forms rise si 3wly from the earth and melt- away into the clear blue of the surrounding sky. Astrange and romantic story- is told of Blenkinsopp Castle, which, too, has long been haunted by a * white lady.' It seems that its owner, Bryan de Blenkinsopp, despite many good qua 1 lities, had an inordinate love of health, which ultimately wrecked his fortune. At the marriage feast of a brothel warrior with a lady of high rank and fortune, the health was drunk of; Bryan de Blenkinsopp and his - lady love. | But to the surprise of all present Bryan made a vow that * neve? shall that be until I meet with a lacly pos sessed of a chest of gold heavier than three of my strongest men can carry into my castle.' Soon afterwards he went abroad, and after an absence of twelve years returned, not only with a wife, but possessed of a box of gold that took three of the strongest men to convey to the castle. A grand banquet was given in honour | of his return, and, after several days' feast ing and rejoicing, vague rumours were spread of dissensions between the lord and his lady. One day the young hus band disappeared, and never returned to Blenkinsopp, nothing more' being heard of him. But the traditionary account of this mystery asserts that his young wife, filled with remorse at her undutiful conduct towards him, cannot rest in her grave, but must wander about the old castle, and mourn over the chest of gold-the cursed cause of all their misery-of which it is supposed she, with the assistance, had deprived her husband. In some cases churches havg been built in performance of vows, and at the Tichborne trial one of the witnesses deposed how Sir Edward Doughty made a vow, and his son1 was ill, that if the child recovered iie would build a church at Poole. Contrary to all ex pectations, the child ' did recover most miraculously, for it had been ill beyond all hope, and Sir Edward built a ffhlllfh at. "Pnnlo, frkoi-p ! until this day.' Numerous vows of this kind are re corded, and it may be remembered how a certain Empress promised a golden lamp to the church of Notre Dames des i Victoires in the event of her husband coming safely out ipf the doctor's hands j and as recently as the year 1867, attired in the garb- of a pilgrim of the olden time, walked, in fulfilment of a vow, from Madrid to Rome when she fancied herself at death's door. Many card-players and gamesters, unable to bear reverse, have niade vows which they lacked the moral courage to keep. Dr. Norman Mac leod tells a curious anecdote of a. well known character who lived iii the parish of Sedgley, near Wolverhamp ton, and who, having lost a consider able sum of money by a match at cock fighting-to which practice he was notoriously addicted-made a vow that he would never fight another cock as long as he lived, ' frequently calling upon God to damn his soul i;© all eternity if he did, and, with dreadful imprecations, wishing the devil jnight fetch him if he ever made another bet.' For a time he adhered to his vow, but two years afterwards he was in spired with a violent desire to attend a cock-figlit at Wolverhampton, and accordingly visited the place for that purpose. On reaching the scene he soon discovered his vow, and cried * I hold four to three on such a cock!' * Four what f said one of his com panions. ' Four shillings,® replied he. * I'll lay,' said the other," upon -which they confirmed the wager, and; as custom was, he threw down his hat and put his hand in his pocket for the money, when he instantly fell down dead. Terrified at the sight, 4 some who . were present for ever after de sisted from this infamous sport; and others proceeded in the barbarous di version as soon as tjhe dead body was removed from the spot.1 Another inveterate gambler was Colonel Edgeworth, who, on one oc casion, having lost all his ready cash at the card tables, actually borrowed his wife's diamond earrings, and staking them, had a fortunate turn of luck, and rose a winner; whereupon he so lemnly vowed not to touch cards or dice again. And yet, it is said, before the week was out, -he was pullings straws from a rick, and betting upon, which: should prove the longest. On the other band, Tate Wilkinson relates an interesting anecdote of John Wesley, who, in early life, was very fond of a game of whist, and every Saturday was one of a constant party at a rubber, not only for the afternoon, but also for the evening. But the last Saturday that he ever played at cards the rub ber at whist was longer than he ex pected, and, ^ou observing the tedious uess of the game he pulled out his watch, and to his shame, he found it was some' minutes past eight, which was beyond, the time he had appointed for the Lord. He thought the devil must have certainly tempted him beyond his hour, he suddenly* there fore gave up his cards to a gentleman near, him to finish the game,' and left the room, making a vow never to play with 'the -devil's pages,' as he called them again." That vow he never broke. \ Political vows, as is well known, have a, curious history, and an in teresting incident is told in connection with -one of the aucestorsof Sir Walter Scott. It appears that Walter Scott, first <jf Raeburn, by Ann Isabel, his wife, had two sons, William, direct ancestor of the Lairds of Raeburn, and Walter, progenitor of the Scotts of Abbotsford. The younger, who was generally known by the curious ap pellation of ' Bearded Watt,' from a vow which he had made to leave his beard unshaven until the restoration of the Stuarts, reminds us of those Servian patriots who, during the bom bardment of Belgrade thirty years ago, made a vow that they would never allow a razor to touch their faces until the thing could be done in the fortress itself. Five years afterwards, in 1867, the Servians ' marched through the streets of Belgrade, with enormous beards, preceded by the barbers, each with a razor in hand, and entered the fortress to have the last office of the vow performed on them. 