Two Distingllished Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories-old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, and what recollecti:ns of New York under the reign of Tweed he brought upl Those were great days for Hall, and for men who were a great deal worse than he. What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The .older newspa per men, politicians and men absut town will long remember its attractive teas. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempt. ed to prophecy the height in the tem ple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life ,ractically in exile in a iforeign laud, leaving be hind him on the fie.d of his early tri amphs nothing hutShattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfre quented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the foame of which was world-wide. He was sittingat a tab:e, seemingly buried in th,.ught of a not pleasant charactez .andloblixiuna hi in . Ha. had an intellectual face, but on it there ' were deep lines that told of past suffer ings. His long hair was gray--prema turely gray. His shoulders were bent, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tallman, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As hesat attha table he looked like a strongman borne down by the memory of some great sor row of the past. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, alth.,ugh it has been years since I saw him before. It was Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Inde pendnt. But how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, areot, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sortof literary work hece, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than Smere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The grea:est of them is aead, so are others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of the lawyers, Beu jamin F. Tracy, is in the cabinet of. the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately.'sitn ated than her h,.lh,,d. for abie has the company a:.d symtuat s. of her c'i!dreu. But Theitdote Tiit.,, haunts out-of-the way places in Paris, seeking neither ,ien&s; nor friendshi_ a&. miaaa , mosaluea b . . 4 