THE PIRATE TEN: A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Frozen Pirate,' 'The Death Ship,' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIV.— Tee Floating Body. In these same seas in which the Queen was sailing in the year, in the month, nay in tho week in which that barque had been seized, a motherly, lubberly old black brig was flapping and rolling along at the gray of day. She stole out in all her fat and homely proportions as the light grew, brightening upon her and sheeting the sea to her tall black beam in a pale tremble of mackerel gleams and bright slate out of the far north-east. No beauty was she. yet as good as a Jiue of battleship for a drifting boat to fall in with, aud this thought was in the mind of .the mate, Mr. Hardy, as he stood at the starboard rail abreast; of the little binnacle-box, and with folded arms sur veyed the scene of ocean slowly opening to its most desolate recesses. Mr. Hardy was a stout short man with an incomparable leering blue eye ; his eyes leered, when his business was solemn. He had the face of the born comedian, arch, dry, the whole fabric of the lineaments set slightly awry ; he was burnt up by the suu, and his nose was so coated with adhesive membrane that as the light broadened the feature gleamed towards the rising sun as though it were sheathed in a purse or coating of finely - wrought mail. He was wrapped up in a weather-bronzed monkey jacket, and his head was protected by a round hat of colonial in vention. His trousers, tight at the hips, fell like the mouth of a church bell to his feet, which were cased in shoes decorated with bows. A sea- dog ! Rubicund with the grog blossom, but a bit of a sea-dandy too, for perhaps no man afloat in that year of our salvation would have deliberately bought him self a pair of shoes with bows and gone to sea to stand tine weather watches in them. No sooner had the shadow of the earth rolled off the northreast corner of the deep than a whistle thrilled along the decks of the little ship, and in a minute or two a dozen of livelies variously attired tumbled up and tumbled along to receive tho bucket and the scrubbing brush, whilst the head pump rang through the drowsy morning air to the grip of the nimble hero who sprang to it. But not all the scrubbing brushes then at sea nor the many tons of holystone cruising about the world could have whitened those decks or made that little brig look sweet and young. She had very high bulwarks paiuted green inside, but the preen was faded, it was starry and cracked with the blisters 'of the heat ; she had a little caboose painted white, and whilst iSlr. Hardy watched the chimney of that mimic kitchen poured forth smoke. She had two lubberly jolly boats, chocked under wooden davits ; they were all of one family. Very strong indeed was their resemblance to their mother, and the old woman carried them as if she was often thinking of them. Abaft the calley was stowed a fine whaling boat. Right amidships, betwixt the old fashioned binnacle stand and the low, flat, half -smothered skylight stood a nine pounder cannon securely seized to ringlx-lts. liut aloft all was well ; the invited eye was pleased ; the sails were white and shapely, the masts carefully stayed, the standing rigging well set up, the ratlines ruling the siirouds as though newly seized. In short you could not look long aloft without suspecting that some gentleman who had seen service in the Royal Navy might possibly be within earshot. Strange that such an idea should occur, for that gentleman was not only close to but actually coming on deck at that moment, and as Mr. Hardy took a step forward to obtain a critical view of the foreroyal whose halliards, he was thinking, wanted another small pull now that daylight -disclosed the brig there emerged stooping through the shabby com pauionhood just before the gun a hearty figure of a stouter bulk than Mr. Hardy, dressed in a naval cap, a suit of dungaree, and a check shirt. The person was Commander Boldock, R.N., a man with a huge face of scarlet flesh in the midst of which sparkled two good-humored gray eyes. His head was disproportioned ; it belonged to a giant ; his mouth, his teeth, his ears, whatever grew above his throat Lili putianised the rest of him. His friends feared that he had water on the brain. The ill natured, however, called it whisky and water. It was sure you saw by his hue at once that he loved his drop, and indeed this very morning you might swear that he had brought it with him out ot his cabin ; since the instant his immense face, brilliant with sweat, showed itself above the companion-way a faint scent of rum entered the light breeze and blew over the rail to leeward. When he was on deck he returned Mr. Hardy's ealute, then looked aloft at the spread of sail, then round upon the sea, then took a survey of the mau at the little wheel, and stepping over to Mr. Hardy exclaimed in a hoarse, deep voice that seemed to perpetually complain with an odd note of remonstrance — 'Light airs, light airs, nothing but light airs iu these heavens.' 'And I don't see any more wind insight,' said Mr. Hardy, leering at the weather horizon. Commander Boldock, setting his legs apart, locked his arms behind him and gazed at the little brig and at the scene of 'washing down decks.' Presently he exclaimed, 'Mr. Hardy.' 'Sir.' 'How absurd now to call -this brig the 'Wellealey.'' 'Ah, indeed,' eaid Mr. Hardy, with a dry leer at the bull. 'But as ashore, bo at sea,' continued the commander hoarsely and deeply. ' The lower you look the more high-falutin' you find 'em. When Queen Victoria, — may heaven bless her !' — the commander turned hia face up to the main truck — ' Game to the throne every cook-wench gave her brat tho Sovereign s name. Mr. Hardy, could you Bend your linen to wash to a woman who'd been christened Victoria?' 'Do you put it as a question of the respect that's_ owing, without regard to the party's capacity of getting up linen ?' '' I was talking of this brig,' said the com mander stiffiy in his deep remonstrant note. ' Why should they have called her the Wel lesley when they had their choice in Ann and Jane and Susan ?' ' What's that out there, sir f interrupted Mr. Hardy, peering aud leering on a suaden over the edge of the tall rail at the sea on the weather bow, where the water was flowing with a look of blue silk shot with the morning lights. The commander went to the rail and like wise peered and stared : he caught the object in a breath— whisky or no whisky Boldock roiled the vision of a hawk in his sockets — and fell a dodging it under the sharp of his hand. ' Why, ' says he, after a minute or two, 'I do believe — I do believe ? ' then breaking oif. ' Mr. Hardy, be 60 good as to hand me tho glass.' The mate unshipped a heavy long brass telescope off its brackets under the companion hood and bore it tvitli both hands to the com mander, who laid it like a. piece of artillery upon the rail and put his eye to it as though sighting some object he meant to destro}'. He looked, puffed, removed liis eye and dried it, looked again, and then cried out — ' Why, by heavens, Jlr. Hardy, it's the body of a woman, and a white woman ! And she appears to be gagged — what can that be over her mouth ?' He looked again. 'Her hair is floating out from her head like ink from a gal lied cuttlefish. Look for yourself.' And whilst Mr. Hardy was looking Com mander Boldock told the man at the wheel to put his helm over so as to bring the object almost directly ahead. 'Eli, Mr. Hardy!' he exclaimed in his deep- sea voice, ' isn't she a woman ? Isn't she white ? Don't she look alive '!' 'She positively breathes — but if s the motion of the sea,' answered Mr. Hardy, keeping his eye glued to the glass. 'We'll make a little call yonder and ask a few questions,' said the commander. ' Let the men knock off washing down. Stand by to back your main-topeaii, and swing that starboard boat there over the side.' The brig slowly drove down and all the people who could see over the side kept their eyes fastened upon the floating object. It was strange to meet such a sight as that upon the wide sea hundreds of miles from land. ' It's a dead body,' said Mr. Hardy. 'A person must be dead to float.' 'In 1S32,' said Commander Boldock, 'when I was second of the 'Venus,' we picked up a man off the Cape of Good Hope. He was alive and had been overboard two days and iu all that while he had floated on nothing but his own carcase. We afterwards proved tne truth of his story by finding his ship in Table Bay.' 'It was wonderful,' said Mr. Hardy, look ing at the body on the sea. Now came silence, which was presently broken by Commander Poldock ordering the topsail to be laid aback. The brig came to sn halt, rolling clumsily upon the subtle under swell of that beautiful morning ocean. By this time one of the plump quarter-boats bad been lifted out of her chocks and now dangled ready for lowering at the endB of her im mensely thick wooden davits. A boat's crew stood by ; Commander Boldock and Mr. Hardy gazed over the side. The body, as the long brass telescope had before determined, was a female's ; and a very fine figure of a woman the commander thought it looked, as it slightly rose and fell with the light azure wrinkles of the water trembling in sobs to it. The loose arms waved with the motion of the water as though that mid-ocean sleeper appealed for peace or help. The dark hair clouded olf in a soft gloomy mass close under the blue surface. A gag of some sort concealed the mouth. ' I don't know that she can be alive,' said the commander in his hoarse, deep, remon strating voice, 'with that thing tied round her breathing apparatus.' ' May be her nostrib ride clear,' said Mr. Hardy, leering. ' Then go and bring her on board,' said the commander. 'She shall have a chance for her life, aud if she's dead we will bury her decently.' The boat sank, the oars flashed, in a minute or two Mr. Hardy was alongside the floating woman. They used extreme caution, guessing that a tap from an oar or a sea put in motion by the boat might sink the body. Two sailors leaned over, and the lubberly tub of a boat leaned too with a pretty sparkle of her bilge to the sun as she raised it with the brine. Grasping the body with their fishhooks of fingers the Jacks tossed it aboard soaking and streaming like a thunder shower. It was then laid in the stern sheets and the boat made for the brig. Whilst this was doiug Mr. Hardy pulled out a sharp clasp-knife and cut away the gag. She had good features, but she was ghastly to horror's own degree in that search ing light owing to the eyeballs showing like slips of china betwixt the lids aud to the lips being almost pale as the cheeks through com pression of the ligature. The apparel was very scanty, consisting, so far as Mr. Hardy --ould make out, of a dressing gown over a flannel petticoat and a woman's ordinary night clothes. Her feet were naked — very pretty little feet they were, Mr. Hardy thought; doubtless thej&had; been slippered when the poor creature for some murderous motive or other had been sent adrift. ' It looks to me,' exclaimed Mr, Hardy, gazing up at the commander, whose immense roasted face overhanging the rail was reflected in the smooth water as though it had been the moon, 'as if there had been Borne piratical business ou down here, sir.' ' Bring her aboard — bring her aboard,' ex claimed the commander, stiffening his figure and sending a look round the ocean with a man-of-war's man's sniff. In fact the mere tfiouffht of it wlupped fifty new pulses into his sturdy shape. They unshipped the gangway, and with that sort of reverence which good 'sailors will ex hibit towards the dead (and more particularly towards those of the dead who might have been mothers' wives, sisters, and sweethearts in this world) a few of the Jacks of the brig 'Wellesley' handed the body aft and with pains and' patience down the narrow com panion ladder. 'Trim sail, Mr. Hardy,' said Commander Boldock, ' then come below and let me have your opinion.' The cabin of the 'Wellesley' was worthy of her. It was dim and faded ; it was like the back parlor of some! old-fashioned London coffee-house : not hard to people with marine ghosts ; indeed they grew upon the eye of iniagination as one looked, being alone in that little cabin with no sound to disturb one but the murmur of water outside and the squeak of a rat in the depths. Phantom salts in pig- tails and round hats would take their seats at that short black oak table agleam with usa They murmured tales in ghost-like voices of the vanished past ; they rebuilt the old East India man to the vision and she floated large, lofty, and shining ; they recalled the hurricane chorus of the forecastle Saturday night, and they made you ask with Wordsworth *' Whore is it now the glory and the dream 'f Two middle-sized cabins were seated under the wheel. The body of the woman was carried into the port cabin, the starboard berth being the commander's, and very tenderly laid upon a locker. The men who had brought her below stood off whilst Commander Boldoek drew close jto peer into the face that looked cold aud hard as granite. ' This 'seems a case of murder,' said the commander, apparently thinking aloud. 'Beg pardon, your honor,' said one of the seamen, touching his forehead, a homely, middle-aged, good-natured saiior, with a Lime house look and a hand of yellow oakum dang ling at his chin, ' that body's not been long in the water.' ' How do you know V said tha commander, whipping his great face round upon him sharp and eager. ' I'll swear it by the color of tho skin, sir.' ' Would you think she's alive, then, Adams?' said tho commander. *'Yes, sir.' 'What should be done, thenf said Bol dock complainingly. 'If you have any know ledge of this sort of thing turn to. I'd not have her die upon our hands after saving her life.' The shoes and bell-shaped legs of Mr. Hardy fluttered in the companion-way and down came the whole man. 'Adams thinks she may be alive,' said the commander. ?** She's got to be dried and wrapped in blankets first of all,' said Mr. Hardy, after taking a short but earnest view of the face, ' and then artificial respiration might bo at tempted. What d'ye say, Adams V' 'That's it, sir. And perhaps a spoonful of rum to lie at the back of tho throat wouldn't hurt.' 'Then heave ahead,' said Commander Boldock. It seemed a hopeless undertaking, but these bronzed and blunted children of tho brine knew very well with Horatio Nelson that at sea nothing is impossible and nothing improbable — a maxim that should ever be the philosophy of British sea affairs. Commander Boldock looked on ; Mr. Hardy and Adams did the work. They stripped to their shirts, for it was mighty hot in that little cabin, and first they dried her and they then wrapped her up in a blanket, and then they g_ot Adams's prescrip tion of rum betwixt her laps and proceeded to artificially inflate the lungs. They rolled her on this side, then on that, then over, then back again ; Adorns seemed to know his business. 'It might take two hours,' said Mr. Hardy, with the sweat running like tears down bis face. 'Keep all on,' said Commander Boldock, deeply interested, 'I wish I could fist her as you do. I'll tell you what, Mr. Hardy, under the good God's «ye we'll warp her back to the mooring buoy she's been cut from. The longer you live the more you'll find the miracu lous in everything, for if that lady wasn't float ing in our course expressly to be picked up that breath might be kneaded into her what was it doing .in our road f 'She ain't dead,' said Adams. 'I believe the man's right, sir,' said Mr. Hardy, as ho gently drove the body towards - the bulkheads for Adams to drive back again. ' If she comes to it'll be the gag that saved her life, sir,' said Adams, feeling himself entitled under the circumstances to be loquacious; ' it stopped the water from flow ing into her mouth. ' Had to realise a live body floating though, all the same,' said Mr. Hardy, letting go a minute to wipe his face. 'She looks fresh,' exclaimed the com mander. 'That's my meaning, sir,' said Adams, ' I'll swear by her color she ain't been more than four or five hours overboard.' ''What she belongs to may be in sights' exclaimed the commander. 'Don't let go of her, Hardy,' he continued, in 3iis deep, re monstrating voice, 'until you're both cocksure it's all up. I'd like to hear her yarn, too, and what happiness to restore so pleasing a figure to this theatre of life ! Til look in on ye again soon.' He went out and trudged up the steps. 'Jump aloft a hand and report anything in sight,' he called out A man sprang into the fore-shrquds, and as nimbly as though he had been hoisted with a run gained the royal-yard and stood holding by the truck carefully' sweeping the sea. His white trousers trembled against the blue and the figure all that way up looked like a toy sailor, something clean and brightly painted out of a box, just the object for a boy to fix in the stern sheets of his little boat ; yet a real man's deep bass voice floated down from the heights after a few minutes, during which the diminished shape had been strenuously eyed by Commander Boldock. Nothing in sight ! Thoss high-perched eyes had sunk down deep beyond the ssnsible horizon of the deck and there was nothing in sight. The little brig1 was stemming quietly into the heart of the mighty Pacific solitude, the only object afloat perhaps for hundreds of leagues. The man stayed on the yard and sought the remote liquid confines again for any gleam of star light canvas that' he might cast a Light of satisfaction on that large eland moon of red face that continued upturned at him upon the quarter- deck. To no purpose. There was nothing in sight, and so down he came on the royal backstay, enlarging as he grew like a descending lark out of the speck it makes till 'he leapt, a man to the eye, off the bulwark raiL Where the dickens, thought the commander, has that body come from? How long has ib been in the water ? Why was she gagged ? He took a number of turns upon his quarter deck, deeply musing. Presently the scent of fried ham penetrated his nose, and the steward came out of the little galley bearing the cabin 'Send the bo'sun aft,' called the com mander. A short man with strong whiskers and a whistle hanging at his neek came briskly from the forecastle. ' Watch the brig, Mr. Stubbins, will you ?' said the commander, in tones as though he were remonstrating with, the man, ' whilst Mr. Hardy tries to roll the breath of life into the body below. Do you know anything about the treatment of the drowned ?' 'When a man's picked up drowned,' said the boatswain, who was very thick of speech, looking askant at his captain as though he sus pected one more dry joke in this voyage, ' ain't it the treatment to bury him ?' ' It is clear you never walked the hospitals,' said the captain. 'Ay, sir, as a hout- door patient.' 'Watch the brig, if you please, Mr. Stub bins,' and the commander went below. It was hot in the cabin ; the little yawn of skylight fetched no air in ; the windows were scuttles of the diameter of a saucer. The com mander found the atmosphere a little oppres sive when he got to the bottom of the ladder, not perhaps because of the temperature, to which he was used, nor because of the heat* that seemed to be increased by the strong smell of fried bacon, but because of the ad jacency of a body which might be dead. Even sailors know moments of squeamishness. Jack, in spite of the harness cask and th© ? bread barge, enjoys his qualms as well as another. ; The commander turned his back upon the breakfast-table and looked into the cabin where the body lay. The two men were all that instant bending over the woman with up- ? lifted hands, in attitudes of rapt and ravished attention. A sound as of a sigh, very delicate : and faint, reached Boldock's ears. Good ; , heavens ! could it be the utterance of the brig ' strained by some passing swell, or — Mr. Hardy turned, saw the commander, and exclaimed in a heavy whisper, 'She's breath* ing.' Very slow was this return to life and the bacon had long turned pale in the cabin before the nameless figure lay an unconscious but rest fully breathing woman. It not their' man handling that did it ; it was wonderful indeed that the trembling_ flame of life had not been promptly extinguished by Mr. Hardy's and the seamen's well-meaning thrusts and heave- : hes and kneadings. Commander Boldock thought he understood how it happened shs was alive. 'Intact, Mr. Hardy,' said he, whilst the three stood beside the bunk looking at the woman, ' she never could have been drowned.a ' So it should seem, sir,' said Mr. Hardy, a little weak in the voice with his long and splendid labor. 'This gag saved her life,' said the com mander, taking the thing off a locker and examining it. 'It was made with devilish cunning. Look here at this amidship knob for filling the mouth. Whafs the stuff ? I be lieve it is formed of a couple of pockethand kerchiefs stitched together. Yes, by George !' continued the commander, turning the thing' about. ' And see here, Hardy,' he exclaimed in a cry deep with excitement, 'a name, man, a name! What is it ?' They peered together, Adams alongside looking on, and the woman breathing quietij*, ' ' : though you could hear her in that pause. It was easy to read — ' ' Dike Cald welL' ; ' We'll dry this gag and carefully pnt is ; away as evidence,' said Boldock. 'It may help us to hang a man who it too wicked to * exist in a world in which sailors live.' -' 'Extraordinary to me, sir/ said Adams, ''aving her 'ands free she didn't try and teat ;, off the gag ; the struggle 'ud have sunk her.' ' ' ' Proof positive,' said the commander, r 'that she was in a swoon when she was : launched. She's a fine looking young woman upon my word.' .; He stepped close to the bunk and looked at her. The blood was beginning just a little to -, tincture the white lips, but their color was still ghastly. Her eyes, however, had come to '?; their bearings. The fringes were apart and \ the sleeper seemed to look through them ; the . : balls of vision were clear and bright. The .1 mass of wet rags of hair streamed off from has- .? head upon the bolster and blanket. : ' Upon my word,' exclaimed Boldock, turn- : ;| ing to the two men, hia large sun-colored face f; beaming with heart-felt satisfaction, ' I would '| not have missed having had a hand in this job. for all the pay I am going to get till I die.' .-; \ Chapteb XV.— Miss Mansbl's Stoex. 4. At 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the day on : which the brig had fallen in with the body of - .^ the young woman Captain Boldock was pacing - the deck alone, frequently pausing, however, ''§, to direct a glance at the cabin through the . -| skylght. The brig swam very slowly over '| the sea. Out upon the ocean the silence :-:: was wonderful and the distance - to the -^ clear glass-like line seemed as far as all the '-, way to heaven. Every time the Wellesley ^ curtseyed the large white letters on her stern ' ; ? struck like lines of light into the space of : '} smooth water her haunches polished with | their blows. You might have read her name l^ in the water by looking over the stem. Com- ;| mander Boldook watched tho horizon rise and . ' . d fall past the hairy face of the man at the | wheel; he listened to the cannonading of the ^| canvas aloft ; he gazed moodily round theeea^ ? he then made a step to the companion hatch,! ^ intending to descend, but was stopped ly4 '-s Hardy's figure rising. ,-i 'Well?' said the commander. wgj 'She has taken the broth and the sherry. . , ~~M sir, and I believe she will do,' exclaimed M*fc :im Hardy. ? - M 'Ib she rational?1 *M 'Quite, sir.' . -9 'Lor' blesB me J And how does Bhe talkr fl 'As a lady.' -3B ' Questioned her at all, Mr. Hardy V *Mk 'Wouldn't take the liberty of donig it n& ^JI Left that to you.' ? - - ?%£ ' Is she strong enough to support a oonver- ':. &? sation, do you thinkr ^-^fa ' There could be no harm perhaps in trying -~^|i| it,' answered Ms. Hardy doubtfully. 'BhilU^iil a deal bewildered, of coarse, aj is mtiuH&^pF;- '^^m 'I suppose she wouldn't object to my look ing in ouher?' said Baldock, with an expres sion of natural modesty improving bis face. ' Poor thing ! Wliat's she's to do ? It can't be helped,' said 2-Ir. Hardy. 'Of course, she'd be glad if her hair was done up and feel easier if she was property dressed, liow is she to be clothed,' he continued, 'supposing she lives, has been bothering me, sir.' 'What are her things':' enquired Boldoc!;. ' A sort of dressinpr-pown that when dried may make a kind of dress and what they call a flannel petticoat,' said Hardy, looking with his leer at the coininari.der. 'I know what tliat is,' said Boldock; 'it is a good serviceable garment for females. She'll have to make shift somehow. We must hope to speak something with a woman aboard. Til go and see her,' he said in his deep com plaining voice. He descended with courage to the cabin, but when there his heart a little failed him. He was a bachelor. He had spent the greater part of his life at sea, knew little of women and their ways and was nervous in their company. He made a siow step or two to the door of the cabin in which the girl lay and looked in and started on meeting the gaze of a pair of large black eyes. The girl was now so far recovered as to look a pale but living, intelligent, good-looking young woman, different widely frorn the white-lipped, body they had rolled into life that morniiig1. SShe was wrapped iu blankets and nothing was visible but hi:r head, which rested upon a bolster. Sir. Hardy had tried to dry her hair, but to little purpose. Is was still clotted with brine and snaked in large gluey tresses about her shoulders. Commander Boldock bowed and the girl smiled, exposing a very good set of teeth. ' I am the commander of this brig, madam,' said he, 'my name is Boldock — Commander Boldock, of tne Royal Navy. I have ventured to look in upon you to see how you are?' 'I am better and stronger and shall feel quite well to-morrow, I am sure,' answered the girl. 'So! You are English ! I like to know that we have saved the life of a fellowcountry woman,' said Boldock, sitting down on a locker. ' You have beeu very miraculously preserved.' ' It is a dream,' said the girl in little more than a whisper, rolling up her eyes. 'Can you. recollect how it was or 'why it was that you were floating in the sea gagged f 'Oh, yes. I have a perfect recollection^' answered the lady, letting her eyes fall from their upturned look to heaven and fastening them upon Boldock's face. ' I have a perfect recollection/' she repeated with a countenance of horror. ' It was dreadful, merciless, mon Btrous. Shall I tell you the story *' Her emotion started the blood and her cheek got a little color. ' Not unless you feel equal to the job,' said the commander. 'But will you first tell me what ship this is — where I am — what part of the world we are in?' 'You are on board the surveying brig Wel leeley, a colonial vessel. She belongs to Sydney and is the property of the Govern ment,' said the commander, 'and I am in charge of her. We are bound,' lie continued in his deep voice, speaking as though feeling more apd more aggrieved, 'on a surveying expedition- We want to determine the place of certain shoals and a line of coral reafs that's brought up more than one ship all standing. We are at present in the South Pacific, about a. fortnight's sail from Sydney.' She listened eagerly, the intellect so bright ing in her vision that when ho was done her fine dark eyes glowed upon him. ' My name is Margaret ManseL,5-' she began. Boldock bowed. ' I am a governess and went to Australia two yeaxs ago to seek a living, but could do no good for myself, so I sailed a week or two since for England in a, ship called the Queen.' 'A barque,' said the commander. 'Ben- son's her master. I know them lxtth.' ' Among the passengers,' said Miss Mansel, speaking in a low level voice as though nursing her small strength of lungs, perhaps con strained to that leisurely measure of speech by the sense of being bound up with nothing showing but her head, for the human voice will flatten when the arms are helpless, ' were ten men. They formed the greater proportion of ?the people the Queen carried in the cuddy, ^fhey were a mysterious lot and from the hour of my first sitting with them at table, over bearing them and observing them, I distrusted them. It was always in my head that they |iad pome on board as a gang — I could not * amagine their motives. I understand that the ' captain suspected them, but could bring nothing home. One was a surly brutalJooking man. His name was Dike CaldwelL' *' Ha !' exclaimed the commander in a voice . that rose from the depth of his soul. . ? ' Why do you cry out f asked Miss Mansel, trying to lift her head. ' Pray proceed,' said Boldock. 'Another was Mr. Mark Davenire,' the girl went on, 'a huge dangerous-looking man. t; jMaacy $hat thejpenon they called Captain Trollope was the head of the company, but j never could make sure, never could pick up any hint or catch any look to, suggest an idea. They were very cautious, seemed not to know each other at first, walked and talked in couples, and their conversation at the table was all about nothing at all. One night the arms chest was broken open and all the arms stolen.' 'Oho!' said the commander, opening his eyes wide with suuh a sudden fiery suiif of his nostrils as rounded them almost to the ridiculous fancy of the grinning lips of a pair of cavronades. ' We were all very much alarmed, ' continued Miss ilansei, 'ana the captaiu iu the morn ing ordered the cabins to be searched. But no arms were found. The cabins of the ten myn were rans:tek--d ana tiie men themselves assisted, shoutiug with laughter, elbowing the two officers and linding nothing but fun and horseplay in the serious business.' The coaimandiT broke into her speech with a low whistle, whilst ho bestowed upon her a train of significant nods. ?'Is it not an extraordinary story?' said Miss ManseL 'It promises to be the most extrrordinary that evor was heard of ax sea,' answered 13ol dock. The young lady smiled wanly, but did not continue to speak. ' Don't distress yourself,' said Boldock, ** I will return in a minute, madam.' He rose with his inflamed face full of good natured sailorly concern, and stepping into the cabin drew a bottle of Madeira irom a locker and filled a wine-glass. He returned and prestiuted it to thu young iaciy, who, how ever, as may be supposed, v.-.is in no condition to release her arms. Btildock, swaying on his legs with the full wine-glass poised in his fist, gazed with embarrassmtnt at Miss Munsel, who bit her lip.aud Hushed deep with the sense of her state, scarcely knowing what to do with her eyes. ''There's but one way — if you'll permit me,' said Commander Boldock, and sinking ujjou his knees he parsed his arm with aU'ecting ten derness under her head and wet hair, thus raising her lips to the glass, and so she drank. The wine gave her animation. Bol dock resumed his beat on the locker and Miss Mausel proceeded. ' I think it must be last night, i cannot be sure, indeed. Can you guess how long 1 had been in the water when you picked me up':' '!Not very many hours,' said the com mander. 'Then it might have been last night at about half-past i) or 10 ; it was a close night, very hot under the awning; Isaw the large sail that hangs upon the middle mast hanging down upon the lower deck and thought 1 would go there . for quiet and cool ness. I sat down at the foot of the mast ; all was in deep shadow. Whilst I sat in thought two men came to the other side of the mast, lighted their pipes, and began to talk. I knew them by their voices. One was Mr. Patrick Weston and the other Mr. Dyke CaldwelL They talked low but clearly. They were a little -heedless with drink, I fancy. What 1 heard astonished, terrified, turned me into stoue. I gathered that one of the ten, called Hanker, had plundered the arms chest when everybody was on deck looking at a burning ship and dropped the weapons through the window overboard. They talked of the Queen having tliree hundred thousand pounds worth of gold in her, and then 1 understood the meaning of the presence of the gang in the ship. They spoke of the man Captain Trollope as being in command, and Mr. Weston said he was sick of waiting and wondered why the ship was not to be seized that night' Commander Boldock whistled softly, keep ing time to the brief fluting of his lips with a spread of large square-ended fingers upon his round stout knees. ' What happened to me afterwards,' said Miss MunseL closing her eyes in a visible straining of her mind, 'has confused my memory, but what I learned froi^ the talk 1 overheard was tliis : — That there waa a great treasure in gold in the ship and that this gang of ten men were on Iward to seize her. Presently one called the attention of the other to the shooting stars. I got up and walked into the cuddy, and stood a momeutr or two at the table to consider what I should do. I was very frightened. I am a great coward. I feared if these men knew I had tiiuir secret they would murder me. 1 asked myself shall I go and tell Captain Benson at once wliat I have overheard \ And then 1 thought if he should not believe me. Or if he should not take any stop that nighty or if he should be helpless to deal with the wretches on tny evi dence, still they might get hold of the ship aud kill me or horribly ill- use me out of malice and revenge. So I went into my cabin without being able to form any resolution, meaning to think over what I had heard and let the mora ine bring its own judgment. Did I do right ? Was I [reasonable, Captain Boldock ''. Is this how a frightened woman would act ?' 'You should have gone /straight to the captain,' said Boldock. 'It would have been iiis duty to protect you. Why shouldn't be have accepted your evidence 7 There was the robbery of the arms chest ; that alone would liave justified him in acting upon what you had overheard.' 'They must have known I had listened,' exclaimed Ivliss Mansel. 'Looks like it, certaiuly,' exclaimed the commander in a deep aud stormy voice. 'I cannot guess what the hour was,' con tinued the young lady, growing white with memory, '' when 1 was startled by alight knock ing upon my cabin door. I was wide awake — had been feverishly wide awake. The least sound sent a chill through me. All the time I was wondering whether the ship would be seized that night and what 1 should do with ray tre mendous secret. When I iieard that knoclung I called out, 'Who is it? What do want':' and a voice answered, ' 1 am Trickle, the ship's steward, miss. The captain wishes to see you immediately iu his cabin.' Somehow I instantly connected tlie summons with what I had over heard, never reflecting that Captain Benson could not know that i had the secret of the gang. I jumped out of bed. At that moment i heard a strange wailing noise upon the water. The porthole was open, the sound seemed in finitely distant. I wrapped myself up in a dre.ssing-gowii and opened the door and was grafcjjetl by the tiiroat and gagged. I can re collect being yaggc-J and this laiserable sensa tion of suffocation, but no more until I woke to life here.' Miss Mansel ceased. (To be continued.) 