A SUBURBAN GHOST. THE BRUNSWICK SPECTRE. SOME LOCAL STORIES. Sorao people Brunswiok way hsvo beauJor »> state of Agitation. owinit- to tho alleged app<-ara<-cu of a ghost. Ife Grat introduced himself to a lamplighter, who, when crosiiug a vacant padduok! inougnc no oeticia a man ridiag a bicycle, ana ufibred tho remark, "Ah there, spider." The supposod cyclist bounded over tho fenco with tbo agility of a kan garoo, and apeuiug a huue cloak dis played a breast of scintillant bright- ness, which so dazzled tho lamplighter that, according to his own statement, ho ran wuhcut stopping until he reached a policeman on tbo Sydney road. Tho second instance of the appearance of his ghosUhip is rsconled as having taken place in what is known as Brown's paddock, at East Brunswick, whoro a plumber at tho hour of betwoen midnight and X a.m. beheld a really terrific apparition. Across its breast were ohap. d a ukull and cross- bones, with tho words, "Prepare for deaih," in phonphoroicent lettoie. A third appearance, again ia Wuac Bruns- wick, a few nights later is described by a woman wbo was horrified by the appear ance of a human form, on which was drawn a blank coffin bearing tho inscrip tion in gleaming characters, "Thia'is for thee." This . lady is said to have been greatly upset by the ap pcaranco of tiio suppoied "spirit," bu has sinco sufficiently recovered to look upon tho advonturo in bo practical a lignt as to offer a largo reward for tho ghost's capture. Another ghost spMo f8 relnfed by tho police «t East 'Brunswick, who woro ono n'ght hysterically ontreated by a married womnu to come und intorview a mya- tori-ms nocturnal visitor at ber rosideuco cloao by. Tho Indy oxplainod that she had gono a few yarJs away frum her back door, when a form " like a burning man" bounded over hor fence and disappeared within tho house. Constables Mahuney and Fonnossy duly inapectod tho pre mises' but cuuld find nothing. A fow yonra ago there was a similar »:aro out F:etninuton way, and a 'rowttrd wai then offered by tho Government for , the capture ot a man who was beliovod to be masquerading in ghostly attire, but lie was wiM> and . <lf camped when matters readied this crisis; . . During ( tho past'wcok or two sevoral .young uhjij in Fiemington and.Essendon liavo dressed up in wumiou'i clothes with the view of inducing the "ghost" to try and frighten them but could not en counter him. Tho police aro anxious to got the slightest definite clue aud will ienvo no stuuo unturned to capture the' foolish masquer.adrr who they behove is roipomible fur the scaro. 