THE MERCüRt. I BOBART: TUESDAY, APRIL O, 1S9S. EPITOME OP NEWS. Embargo on. ship Lumberman,'« Lassie removed. She proceeds to sea to-day. Tender« for public works, jetty and road work, cloae on the 24th ioat Port Esperance Road Trost election on 27th irut Nominations on 20th. Gould's Country Road Trust election on 27th inst. Nominations on 10th, Bank holiday at Ulverstone on Wednes- day. Crown landa eales and rentals at Latrobe, Wednesday, and at Ulverstone on Thursday. Pabilo works tendencioso to-morrow morn- ing at 14. Alderman Seabrook thinks the City Police i require mon definite instructions. T.T. Club lost £4518a. ou recent Mowbray meet.' Thursday, 18th ¡nat,, appointed a bank holiday at Wynyard. A four-hone brake leave» Town-hall on Easter Monday far Sorell. Quarterly licensing meetings advertised for theOtkprox. Weights for Port Cygnet Easter Monday race« appear in this issue. Custom» returns for week ending April 6 - Hobart, £3,340 «». Id ; Launceston, ££3,852 0i.5d. Mr. J. R. Hill announces himself a« can- didate for directorship of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. Bellerive mystery cleared up. The old man Hull at last recognise» the body aa that of his «rite. An open verdict returned. The City Council require» the police to attend mon strictly to abating street nuis- ances. Mr. Themas Littlejohn announce» himself a» candidate for directorship of the A. M. P. Society. Orizaba took trial shipment of Ulverstone honey for London yesterday, GJcwt. sent by Mr. Bingham. ', Paris society petrified at the Wilde ex- posure. The Local Veto Bill is not to apply to Ireland. Londonderry Gold-mining Co. «hares down tol2a.6d. By collapse of a Russian hotel 16 workmen have lost tbeir live». Nine people in Ireland committed for trial formorder, having burnt a woman asa witch. The Pope appeals to Protestants to favour Catholic unity. British brigades steadily, pushing towards Chritral. Enemy defeated in Swat Valley. Li Hnng Chang has recovered from effects of bullet wound inflicted by a Jap. More Westralian mining projects register- ing in London. " . Jabea Balloo» Ja «afely under hatches and i on the voyage to England. The Japanese are moderating their de- mands on China to what The Times consider» I reasonable proposals. I1 Caadla, the jockey injured at Aspendale Races on Saturday, died in Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, yesterday. ? The Bev. H. R. Hawaii has arrived In I Sydney to commence lu« Australian lecturing j tour under the auspices of Mr. R. S. Smythe. I Mr. Moreton Frowen, the advocate of bi- metallism, who has recently been lecturing throughout the colonies, ha», in conjunction with a Melbourne firm, offered to buy the Central Broken Hill claim for £150,000. WE have published from time to time specimens of French attacks upon England, which of late have become somewhat frequent, and rather more virulent than of yore. There seem?, indeed, to be a revival of warlike ardour in France, such as occurs periodically, whilst there is, clearly, a large ambition amongst her public men to extend her empire, and make her, once again, a great colonial power The English occupation of Egypt is one of the things which seems to irritate all classes, even the most sober writers, who fail to discover any reason why Great Bntain should sttU continue to remain in that country. The more careful writers admit that there was a reason for the original occupation, even thai there was reason for its continuance fora certain time, but they argue that a point has been reached at which the country could go very well alone, aud that; no excuse remains for the British occupation This is, of course, to beg the whole question The British evi- dence goes to show that if Great Britain retired there would be an absolute necessity for the occupation by some other Power, nor can it well be doubted, we think, that this is the actual "state of the $ase. On other pouts, however, the agreement is 'not to general1 nor tW beling, ao strong MaBy of lite most coum and ioÊoimt attack» made upon Great Britain come frotn men who have no potation or authority, and who pander toa feeling which they conceive will help to give them pppnlarity. In France a certain daw always finds delight in attacks on Great Britain, from that curious dislike which nations feel for each other often without any visible cause. In France the power of names it,1 perhaps, greater than, in any other country. A happy i potase carriel the people away. A good cry is useful enough in England, , bar it is tdl-potterfal in France. " The cry, à Berit» did much to popularise the war with Germany, while every- body knows that the: two NAPOLEONS owed more than half their popularity to the phrases-which they invented. ?. For this reason, there is a class of 'newspapers and of -public-men that . set to work io invent cries, and they fini Great1 Britain a most useful object on which to exercise their ingenuity. T, he danger is, of course, ' in die present condition of the French Legislature, tkat these cries may some 'day become a power, because a majority may seek io win , a , popular victory "by their employment'j j There is a lot of little newspaper», I | popularly f oaQed fiuiUms 4»< doutt, or | I cabbage-leaves, which work ' this busi | ness in varions ways, and which ex | ceed in unblushing lying and reckless- ness anything that we know of in these colonies, or even in Great Britain. They are a source of danger, because they may get hold of the people, and then the deputies may accept their conclusions in order to win an election or defeat a.Ministry. At present all things appear to tend towards a sort of Convention rule. The power of the ' Senate is being sapped, the majority I in the Chamber claims to have un I limited jurisdiction, and it may happen that some day a majority may become absolute in all. departments, and do some rash 'thing in order to secure itself in power for the time being even if the end should be a return to another form of government. In the struggle for power the shortest road may appear to be through war, snd then all this feeling that is worked up from time to time may become a source of the very gravest danger, and the cause of dire calamities. It is only fair to say that the sober writers see all this, and deprecate the language used. Quite recently writers in Le Figaro have pointed out in powerful language that a war between France and England would be a terrible thing, not only for both nations but for the world. They insist that there are no difficulties between the nations which cannot be adjusted by reason and common-sense, if only the spirit of forbearance is allowed to exist, and wanton insults are not flung about,, in a spirit of the wildest mischief. Though it must be admitted that no Frenchman, be he ever so wise and prudent, seems to be able to bear calmly the thought of the English remaining in Egypt, on many points, on most points, there is a feeling which ought to lead to the settlement of all difficulties. The fear of the unknown and terrible consequences of war in these days, which keeps France from renewing the contest with Germany, also renders all sensible men strongly averse to war at all, but the pressing danger is, that the government appears to be passing out of the hands of the sensible into the hands of those who are the very reverse. Then, there is another danger, which is, the absolute refusal of even good and great French writers to disturb traditions which are known to be false. Possibly, nine-tenths of | the French people believe that the j nation was betrayed at Waterloo, whilst everybody believes the story of Le Vengeur, and the bulk of the people are quite clear that if BISMARCK bad not forged a telegram there would have been no war with Germany. Many persons still living know the facts of the case, amongst whom is General TBOCHD, who commanded in Paris during the siege, and who has pointed out that it was France that I made the war, not Germany. This, however, makes no difference. The | newspapers repeat the falsehood and keep on repeating it, so that it bas now passed into an article of belief. Possibly, even probably, some cry against England may be got up and repeated in the same manner, in which case there nipy be danger of a popular explosion or popular près sure which will end in war. Looking at the possibilities of French politics, it is evident that British statesmen have a very difficult and delicate part to play. The French people are all what we call Jingoes in foreign affairs, for they glory in every kind of 'aggressive action, and feel pride in learning that their country has defied another Power. This is seen in the way in which even princes who aspire to mount the throne pander to popular feeling, by dilating On the snub to Great Britain in Madagascar, and the glory of the action of France in Siam. They know that this sort of language will please, and that if they wish to become popular they must act in accordance with the spirit of the people. And, it is this spirit which makes the part of British statesmen BO difficult, because there may be really more danger in yielding than in resisting. The art of knowing when to resist, is, perhaps, the most useful of all arts in a foreign policy, since any fool can yield, until it becomes known that pressure and insolence will always succeed. This was the feeling that was abroad in Mr. GLADSTONE'S days, from which Lord SALISBUBY redeemed the nation, by a remarkable display both of firmness and tact. There can be no question as to the success of his foreign policy, but whether his spirit has survived remains to be seen! xhe times are particularly fall of danger" for a spirit of development is going on which is bringing the nations in con- tact with each ober in various parts of the world, and France has shown that she is bent upon'a policy of encroachment, which is being pursued in a fashion that is full of dangerous contingencies, ', I ' " T-T? THE Dowager Lady * Stanley, of Alderley, who died a little more than a month ago, ia being upheld by a large section of the English press, who object to ,the lines upon which the "new wojoaa^,bei^*viar«»i,aaa«|»cim«* of the powacfflJt iajiW nrw which a woman «¿wy,«»»* *Íf*»aVih9Íi»j*wímse .I the agett.-o^fciry- «Jwyfj^ e>Bis|«| ally, conspicuous, ' otlmatubSgejSSi the duties and, taactíui^M^emOmL, The .deoeaaed lady WMI« «¡«iwbtMi mental activity aj^forof^ Attt^asjWajne of the last Jeft of, thffl Irrilnj^ »rrtlfr who. were to the tore wl^iQMtsn.Vic toria came to the- throws, aad who exercised a social;;.ana »rjIÉJeehjg flttence which wa*v-; coolta ;-BBw*)»is$Ja history, and which, in ita pwssBBBtrtsawtl on v the inner life of the apatkvv hfs yet to be approached bp those wa%> now ¡aim in more aggressive, and perhapa less feminine, ways at public ascendancy. Nothing wa* then heard, let it be noted, of an abandonment of sex environments, or of household and family cares, aa'an essential to a woman being giren sufficient liberty and op- portunity to take a tending part not only in'socud advancement and retors», but even in politics itself, for it' was in the chaste refinement of the recep- tion rooms of such as Lady Stanley that many of the plans of the leaden or parties were discussed, and where pro- minent - statesmen found rest and change, whilst at the same time they were very definitely pushing their scheme» ahead and .gaining fresh adherents for the' ends they had in view. In theao' assemblages, and by holding one of .which met at regular intervals in ,her own mansion, Lady Stanley took a foremost place, giving great asMBtanoe to the Liberal ?party, though -when Mr. Gladstone, 'staunch personal friend as he was, took ¡up witta Home Bule,' "the assumed an }ir.{3 ! ."./," £ ^ "A- 1-. ^ «ÍHI4VI> 4 equally leading Position in promoting the Liberal-Unionist cause, receiving with honour the Ulstnr delegates in 1893, and acting as President of the Women's Liberal-Unionist Association. Yet she was never a prominent platform woman. She adopted no vagaries of manner or attire, but, in her efforts to change and ameliorate the condition of her own sex, took sensible and sub- stantial steps which might well be imitated by others at the present day. She was deeply interested in the higher education of women, being one of the original promoters of the Queen's College, and a member of its first Council. She also helped in the found- ing of the Girls' Public Dayschool Co., and, more important still, of Girton College, Miss Emily Davies, who was so activo in the initiation of this valued institution, owing much of her success to the good counsel and the stimulatine zeal of her more elderly friend. With au this Lady Stanley was a fond and atten- tive wife and mother, rearing her own children, 12 in number, to fit them for the high aud important posts so many of them have since worthily filled, and gi\ ing them an example of home fidelity which they have carried out in their own persona It was in the association with women of this stamp that the Queen-Empress herself, no doubt, im- bibed those sterling qualities which have made her at once a model wife and a model monarch, and even now her life is redolent of the message which is very needful at the present day, viz., that it is not necessiry to thro-v aside all sense of essentially feminine functions as a preparation for a useful and extended career beyond the home circle. It may be urged that Lady Stanley's opportunities were ex that is only a matter of degree, arid it ceptional ; granted that they were, is in belittling women's nearest duties to gather in others of an extraneous nature that fall more fitly to the other «ex that the mistake is made. The home is woman's sphere first and fore- most in all well-ordered society, and when the duties of this are exhausted, the rest comes in, but not until then. AMONG the many unexpected reveal raents made by the Victorian Tariff Board is the faot that wax match- making has become a Victorian in- dustry by mere accident. Parliament in its wisdom puta duty on imported ves tai, but leviednoexciseduty. Thus Boll and Co., the famed London match-makers, saw their opportunity, and opened a factory near Melbourne, encouraged thereto by the protectionist policy of the colony, and with the result that while in 1893-4 the sum of £13,000 was paid as duty on imported matches, the next year saw half that duty lost with no compensating gain, except that a certain number of hands, mostly females, find employment at very scanty wages. For instance, in the Eublished report of the evidence given _ y the manager of Bell it is shown that the wages only average 8s. Cd. per week for six and a half hours - work per day, as compared with 10s. per week for 10 hours a day in London, while on the Continent the lowest earn- ings of females is 9s. per week of six days of 10 hours it appears from other evidence given that the local manufacture of vestas has not led "-to any reduction in price to the con- sumer.'and that any indirect benefit gained by the colony from the opera- tion of a new industry worked as a monopoly is wholly counterbalanced by the loss of revenue. Everything in con- nection with the industry except stéarine and glue is imported, and as the Argus puts it :-" For the sake of keeping three men, two boys, and forty eight girls employed-the latter at less wages than a servant girl receives pius her board and lodging-the colony loses £6,500 in duty." Touching the healthiness] of the employment it is somewhat unwillingly admitted that if strict cleanliness »observed' by the employees no harm results, but that this cannot be ensured, and that there is a well murk ad di&ease; prevailing among match-makers. In short, all the miseries of what is known as phossy jaw, and kindred complaints prevalent amono; 'London workers in match factories, appear to be in a fair way to rapid development in Victoria under the beneficent administration of Protection. SHEAJUNG troubles are not likely to occur, this year in Queensland. Every- one who watched the dangerous state into which the Northern colony got last'year through the action of the unions in stirring up strife between the squatters and their workmen; will rejoice to know that this season the prospects of disorder are reduced to a minimum, and that the agreement drawn up in 1894 has been accepted in a preponderating number of the sheds, if not cordially, at least without protest, and there has been no quarrel about the rates of wages. The cause'for this may be that shearers are more in number than are actually required, so that em- ployers have had some discretion, left with them, and have been able to'select the ablest and cleanesfb workers. Nothing is so destructive to the effects of the Unionist leaders' selfish out- pourings as for the men .to find that they cannot have things all their own way, and that some of them can be done without The war then be- comes internecine, the natural compe- tition between the men themselves, and against this labour leaders can make no headway, while even unionism, it is said, becomes unpopular when it takes the form of a levy per man for those w ho are not working. Of course, the squatters are not yet " out of the wood. Some of the men are avowedly yet in favour of a renewal of hostilities, but they have been overawed so far by the necessities of the case, and the only thing likely to turn the scale again in their favour is the individual action of one of the masters, adding fuel to what is now only smouldering. It is hoped there may be nothing of this kind, but that the men, seeing -how much better and quickly they earn their money in peace- ful fashion, will adhere to it in prefer; ence to further turbulence and riot. This will be a saving to the colony in every way, not only in expense, but ia many athée important directions. >lf«mataaz*fc--4«>a. Treaeorer weat ta lllliisara«|«at»i«ay. Mir Bdward BracMe* h «aft ^taratara fro« sha Marta-Wa«t ~ ' .aaaY be at the Psstnier's oftoa «a Jlfcs.CM-ijii .«sates Btat-'llBBW'lBsBBBr* rsataadar, April 1J, aadefcat amatar Moadar oat.meaiaay, ^?ejska.i.asajaawi.erf to afJMy-ta the Apatoena, PoatMtaBB«a«a1 Telegraph d«p«'rliaeBt», tar wUeh'«pedal arraagameBta will be nada. TaxtoBAf H OmoB Bocas am» RSOOLA noas-In to-day'« QauUt tbe following asseaded regulation Is ordered totakaeffeoL fixing Telecrafh OtSoe boara at Hobart ead Lasneeston from 8.30 a.m. ia midnlgat (»zoept on Saturday avatstags, when tbeea oftoee willolose at 10 p.m.; baton receipt of intimation from anyone proposing to dsepstob a» Important «BeasaM later,, ¿he* offices wttl be kept open oattle^idoigt»* on payment of doable rate«). Zeehan» $10 a.m. to IO p.m. All other «tattoos doing npwaide of 1,000 messages per year, from 9 a.m. to 5 p m., and one boor ia evening. A fartber regulation provide« teat a fee if 10«. per year, or Ga. for one monta, be onarged for «very code address registered with a Post and Telegraph department. Bsv. L K. MoiKivas.-Tee 01*90Doiiy Tiows of the lltinst. reports that there was a Urge atteadenoe at the North «Vestry terian Cbareh od B«wly-iadiot«d clergyman, tbe «lav. I. K. Molntyre, preached hi« first aermoo. On the pravtwus Wedaseday a ooagregational SOSVM had been held .to welcome .tim,"/at whtoh th«:B*Boasdiag* w«re mott barmonlow aad htartf?f!í/t W*ir.M ¿ ? JW : > MBTKOBOLOOIOAL.-Mr. H. C. Rlngiraill, Meteorological Observer, snpplie« the follow- ing notes of observation front 8 a-m. Mon* day, April 1, to 9 a.m, Monday, April 8 :-RabfaII in Tasmania-Southport, rain In tnohes, '83 ; No. of dava, 3. Hobart, '77-4 : Bagdad, -67-3; Bothwell. '83-3 ; Oui«, '44; Oatlands, '78-2; Fingal, 77 2; Falmouth, '57-2; Gould's Country, '83 -2 t Low Head, '09-1 ; Launceston, '32 1; Kmu Bay, '80-4; Waratah, l'87-ö; Corinna, 2-03 - 4 ; Remine, 2'34 - 4. Meteorological observations, Hobart-Baro- meter oorreoted, max., 30-28tn. on lat ; min., 2?'4îin. on 4tb. Temperature in shad«, max., 68deg, on 8th ; min., 44deg. on 1st, Btb, 0th. Solirradiation, max., lSOdcg. on Otb. ännihine, max., 8Jhn. on 1st; total, 30bH. Evaporation in ahade, Ilia. Travel of wind 895 mile». Prevailing direotlon, IMV.andN.N.W. The rain last week has been sursoient to provide a good growth of grass for autumn. The weather has keen cloudy, with mostly light winds and fré- quent calms. The record from the ferry on the Upper Pieman Uiver for March isa« follows ;-Beginning with the sommer level the river'mae to 15ft. on the 7th; on the 19th it waa at 14It Oin.; and daring the rest of the month it averaged about 3ft. above summer level. ¿MISTIC Brost CABVINO,-A mtrltorion« piece of carving in freestone has just teen completed by Mr. Charles Lehey, of Hobart, who for 14 years has been a pupil of Mr. B. Molloy, monumental mason, of Harrington street. The design ia an nrn which, with the base. I« 3ft. Oin. in height, and at the widest part of the cop 2ft, in diameter. At each of the four corners of the base ii the figure of a sheep, two being rams with curved horn«. The apoces between tbeaeflgurcs are relieved by some fine foliage work repre- senting fig leaves. The cop stands in a largo shell end is encircled with a wreath of grape vin« showing the stems, foliage, and fruit in thick and graceful profusion, and with wonderful fidelity to nature. On opposite sides are two female heads crowned with wreaths of vine, and having well-brought out expresaion in the feature». Tbe top rimgV>f the cup i» composed of nicelyjut pétale, and overhangs tbe wreathing in Sue Srojeotion. The chief featuie of the work i the admirable relief wbluh is displayed in the fashioning of the foliage, fruit, and tendrils, the minutest and most delicate détails standing ont with a boldness and accuracy which point at once to the artistic ability of the workman. The design is taken from an aro exhibited io the Dublin Exhibition of 1858 by a Mr. John Ander- son, of Belfast, which, however, was in granite. The whole of the work is the result of Mr. Lehey'« individual effort, and ii pronouooed by competent judges to surpass anything that has been done In free- stone in the oolony. Both Mr, Lehey and the stone are Tasmanian, the former being a native of Hobart and the latter a product of Mr. Saunders' quarry, Risdon. In a lew day« the urn will be exhibited in the Tas- manian Museum. Cm POLIOS COURT.-The Police Magis- trate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Mr. John Bradley, J.P., disposed of the business at this Court yesterday. Micbael Lydon was fined 20/. 6d. for hitting Constable Weaver« on the head with a poker. Lydon: attributed his indifcretion to inordinate UM of acetio acid. Elisabeth Robinson and Charlea Pretty pleaded guilty to using obscene tanguas«, and were fined Ss. and 10s. 6d. respectively. Elizabeth Lewis, for belog drunk and in- capable on the New Wharf, waa fined fis. The hearing of the obarge of presenting I firearms at a boy named Knslow, preferred against Robert Hutchinson, was continued, when evidence for the defence was taken. Mr. Perkins again appeared for acoused, who put in a written statement, io wbioh be averred that he had no ill-feeling against Knslow. He heard shots , fired snd also ' heard complainant say to hi* little nephew : " I'll «hoot you adder the e»r." He denied levelling a gun at Emlow, or threatening to .hoot him or any of the boya with him. If they «aid «o it was false, and he told Sergeant Farrell so. Evidence was given by J. R. Mason, Mary and J. T. Hutchinson, to the effect that the boy« were annoying Mr*. Hutchinson by «booting in the neighbourhood, and that «be wai frightened of UMBI, There waa some diipote between complainant and accoaed'a brother, and Bnslow, it was alleged, bad need threatening language on that occasion. The Benob, after a long and patient hearing, committed accused for trial. TUB FEDERAL SCFFBAOE.-In the current number of- Commonwiaiih tb« Attorney General (Hon. A. I. Clark) criticises Mr. R. R. Garran'« " powerful and logical argument in support of the proposal that provision ?hould be made in the conatitution of Federated Australasia for securing a uniform Qualification for the eleotors of the federal louse of'Representatives in all the States «f the Federation. After ably presenting the historical side of the question in the light of > the praotioefa thrftsatrfcarand Swiss con- federations, Mr. Clark says:-"It cannot be said that the strict theory of Federal Government requires a Federal or national citizenship apart from cltisensbip of a com- ponent State of the Federation. The Federal Législature will undoubtedly repreient and be the organ of the people of the whola Federation, but that people will continue to be the people of the several States compos- ing the Federation." The concluding para- graph of the article resds :-" Let me ray, unreservedly, that I think an uniform suffrage throughout all the States for the election of the Federal Legislature to be eminently desirable. But the serious objec- tion to any attempt to provide for it in the Federal Conatitution ia that it would be an extension ot the jurisdiction of the Federal Government beyond the »phere wlthio which it ia requisite for that Government to have authority for the full and effectual perform ance of all ita function». If a precedent of that description finds a plácela tpe original Constitution, it will probably prove an argument and an cacoaragemeot in par- ticular, oriae« of the nation'« blitory for further extention» of, the Federal jurisdic- tion, which may, gradually and lualdiouily, alter the whole character of the Govern- ment." VALEDIOTOKY SOCIAL.-There was a large attendance of members and friends of the Wesleyan Connexion in the Sunday aohool room attached to the Melville street Churoh last evening at a valedictory «octal connected with, the departure of the Rev. J. H. Tuck- field, anaerintendent miniiter, and hi« family to Daaally, Victoria ; also the removal of the Re»-. PV.B. Bridgwóodfrom the Melville, ?treet to the Kew Town circuit Among those present were alto a number of ministers of otber denominations of the oity and suburbs. Mr. H. S. Kirby, circuit steward, presided, and after devotional exercties spoke of Mr. Tuckfield goiog to a church where there was no oircuit debt, «nd a harmonious people. He referred very kindly to both Mr. and Mn Tuckfield, also to the daughters. Mr. Brldgwood they all appreciated, but he wa« ouly going to move to the soburbi (Applause,) The New Totrn people were tone congratulated upon having such a good minister. (Renewed applause ) Rev. S. Ironside was. the next .peaker, and mentioned that tbey bad good men coming to fill the gap in the Reva. W. Shaw, of Launceston, and ». Cuthbert, Scarsdale. Rev. .T. Cope spoke of the cerneetoeM and antinag seal of the deaertlag .«siaieters.. Mr. (Wr -#V Brownell «aid the two ministers were leav- ing the circuit with -aa iaoreaasd OMI »hip, a batter nwanoial poiltiea, aad t fteapasts than when »hay, esme. - niau*«.) Their feasiliaa ha» abo bee Haas«*« for great good ia the cirou esBoelellv i saaatflawano alfa. Taakfsald *nS3mimSSrlR W!D. p; the«ipreseaMofsBVTweMbM with a were ! log the circuit with -aa iaorcsasd naassher ship, a better owanoial poiltiea, aad bettor fteapasts tlsan when »hay, esme. -(Ap- plaus«.) Their femülea had abo been. In. flaaacM for great good in the circuit, b» Taehfcld and -"r-" - -,_ "--,.- _Peacock pteaéaasd Mr. TtofcaUd with a tin r. on behalf of hw WWe claw, a»4 Mr. M. WlWaoss haoJedYMr». Tuckfield an addraa« engrossed and aeantifully illumln «tsd'by her aduR leda»' -Bible olass. aad who haaV also already presented her with a valeaM» baa a« a .bwMeir. Rev» C. H Talbot^. T. Ptoroay,F. Hart, and W. R. OSantagaast 'aie ' Byee. Soma onoruaes lejawaMs «ano «The better land" with ajted «¡Bast, Tea wa« than servad,'and the psooaeding« oonolisded with staging "-Till we-meet again.'' TsslAMSJiTABX.-The following probate« have been issued ¡-Alexander Armstrong to William Beveridge, Andrew Sklrvi«*, «ad Margaret Armstrong, £477 : Jeffrey Benja- min Atkins to Elizabeth Sarah Atkins and Charles William Hayes, £904; Albert Augustus Humphreys to Hubert John Evans, £5 ; William Rich to Jane Rich, £42. nKMANXaaui ouwc um BaAmaae.-Ma, & I. LOHK, the well known thoatrical manages, «rltPH -" Your . Platrpu» ' Brand of Kucavn tas Extract baa entirety «ured nae of ncAS-Nsas bj Just working »little Into the ear night and morning with mr anger. It also cured the influensa at once!" SLADB MURRAY, TM COSWUAX Uves Ma testimony as follows :-" I never mean to bo without your Extract fPlaupus Brand) and Jujubes. Tbey are the best 1er colds and for the throat and voice that I bare ever usad." TOat Pouoan (Pallara'« Opera Oo.) «eye: *I testify to toe ' Platrpu» ' Brand of Jujabes MrignaMelBoa^ojHfavOouajH orlrritatioa streaatb«ala| m«eut»*»cl <\ 5 fi&Ah; f« &^iM#>SÈËË$m HOBABT Moaira.-The latest donation* to the Hobart Musenm is a" collection of Solomon Island Idol» and weapon», and a> collection of marine and land shells, the gift of Mr. 3. E. V, Morton, Paymaater, and Lieut. Alex. Waugh, of H M.S. Penguin. When the Penguin visited Hobart laat year Or. Thorp, Mr. Morton, and aevaraJ of ta» offioer« kindly presented «peolmen«, and stated that on their return from the South Sea« they Would remember 'the Hobart Museum, a promise they have bknfallr fulfllled, Amougsc the collection tba Carator received yesterday are aome unique example« of native carviug«, and among the exhibit« promised is a splendid Solomon Island canoe, the gift of Lieut. Weigall. Visitors to the Museum will be very pleased and thankful for the kindnesses extended by the officers of H.M.S, Navy who from time to time visit Hobart. i PKESKNTATION. -The members of Holy Trinity Choir bade farewell on Sunday evening laat to Mr. Fred Gooding, who left for England,by the R.M.S. Orizaba last night. The' incumbent, the Rev. G. W." Shoobridge, expressed the thank« of the cLoir authorittea to Mr. Good leg for his eight years' service in the choir. Cut as treble, subiequently a« leading alto, and lately as a tenor, and on behalf of the members presented him with» ?mall «ouvenir io the «nape of a gold oro« pendant, suitably chased and engraved by Mr. J. W. Quarmby. Mr. Gooding, in re- turning thank», expressed the hope that he would return to Tasmania aad re-enter toe choir at Holy Trinity, with which he had a». long been ooaneoted. 'J BUL SHIPMENT OF HONET.-The «.«. 'Orbaba took to London yesterday a trial shipment' of honey, weighing Scwt, 2qr., shipped by Mr. J. Bingham, of Ulverstone. Should this sample shipment of Tasmania's latest export realise a satisfactory pitof, it is safe to say it will be followed by larger shipment«. In that case it will be hardly noetssary to point out that only the vary fino«t quality of honey, and that wrll and takingly packed, abould be aent. Honey will then take Ita plaoe among the chiet* export« of Tasmanian produce. HOSPITAL CASES —-A man named Weeding, from Proctor's-road, attended the hospital last evening with his head in bandages. He was seen by Dr. Sprott, who found the man suffering from a somewhat serious scalp wound. Weeding stated he was watching some military manoeuvres in the Domain, and was set upon by a gang of larrikins, who pelted him with stones, inflicting the injuries referred to. Stephen Armstrong, a resident of Leslie, was admitted lo the hospital, suffering from injuries to his foot, caused by his missing a piece of wood which he was cutting with an axe. One of the patient's toes was cut off. ROAD DISTBIOT ELECTIONS,-Polling for three trustee» in Tunuaik rood district take« place on Wednesday. Nomination» for the annual élection» in the undermentioned ,tlb triot« close as follow« :-Victoria, Wednes- day; South Bruny and New .Norfolk, Satur- day. ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL.-Wo understand tbat Mr. Fred. W. Wuterer, of Geelong, has been appointed orunut of St, Davie?« Cathedral vice Mr. Stanley Copperfield resigned. Mr. Weiterer will take up lib new duties early in the ensuing month. AN OLD HHUO.- During reoent alterations ' in the roonu of the Native Department air < the Government-building», Wellington, an old Haubau flig belonging to Te Koot! «at unearthed. It fell iu'o Colonel MoDounell'« hands at To Oro, not far from Topapa, In February, 1870. By a coinoidence Colonel McDonnell waa in the building when the flag wa» discovered and at once recognised it. The Premier ordurert it to be pitseuted to the colonel in remembrance of old aisocia tton». IiiE RULING PASSION STBONO IM DEATH. -The following «tory nome» from England. Twcnfy-four men reading in a «mall town were accustomed to mei-t once a week in a large room to drink, «moke tobacco, and talk politics long before parish council» w«re thought of. Euch member had hi« own chair. A« one of the member«, whom we will call Lee, had been ill for some time, his ohiir remained vacant. When the mee met as usual one ,night, inquiries were wade for their associate, and it was announced that he could live but a few hours. Thj» threw a gloom on . Ibu company, and all, effort» to turu the conversation from thu fad subject before them were ineffectual. About mid- night the door opened, and the form, in wbite, of Mr. Lee walked luto t^e room and took hb seat in his aoonstomod chair. There he remained in silence, and in silence was he gazed at. At length le rose and stalked towards the door, which \he opeusd as If living, went out, and closed it aftex him. Terrifiud by what had hapfaenfd, ana believing tboy had seen a ghost, the club men stood not - upon the ordea of their goiug, hut 'went home iu biutd In tbk | morning inquiry revealed the fuot that trV l «lok maa had died at about the time of appearance in the clubroom, unritnoihimr, could now be moro certain thao.tàe reality of the apparition. Tbe etory spread ovtr the country and created consiuerablo excite- ment, but waa finally forgotten. Yent* palled. One night a member of the cluft, a physioiao, wa» cilled to an old nurse whlo bad attended Mr. Lee in hie lust illnei«, anil to him she made a strange coufeueionE " On the night of Mr. l.eo's death," she unidl, " I left hi» room for something I wanioA Ou my return, I found the bed without u* Satieut I He was delirious, aad I foale« ad thrown himself out of. the window. \ wa« so frightened that I had no powei tal ?tir ; but, after some time, bo my great! astonishment, be entered the room, slnver-Ä ing, and bil teeth chatteriog, and laid himself! down on the. bed and died. Considering 1 my ¿regligenoe as the cause of his death, I I kept this a-aecret. Although I could have I contradioted the «tory of tau ghost, I dared I not do it. But I knew by what had T( happened that it wai he,, and not hb ghost, who had visited the clubroom." ' A SPIRAL SETTLBMBSa FAILTJES -The «tory.ol the failure to «eulo Sunday Island, 1 in the- Kermadec group, ia. now before the f official anigoee in AuokJaad. Henry Kin- I Baird , Bovell in bli statement «ay« that t about four,y car« ago be took up a lease of- ¡ 1,700 acres on Sunday Isla**!, without seeing. I, the land, on the strength of the representa- f tion that it »as rich volcanic soil. The j , rental was £37,10s. per annum, ile arranged/ ( to reserve 600 acres for himself, apportioning! the balance to the Battler» who were to] accompany him. On October 13,1890, he' aud. the settlers (20 ia all) landed on Sunday; Island to find that the. representations -a» to Its capabilities had boas grossi? exaggerated. Nevertheless, au effort Was made to uiiise it, and they, struggled on in a hopeless »ay for about l8, month», when the settlement wa» abandoned and those who could do «o returned, to New Zealand. Hovell lost £860 by this transaction, apart from the losses of settlers» 0o' his reti&rnicg.; to Auckland ha roaamed, bia practise a« a. surveyor, but as one of the creditors wa«, pressjng bim he he had t» file. New ZBALA»» WIIISSZV.-The local dis-, filiation .of whbkey is advocated'by the New Zealand Times asa new industry that will, stimulate the growth of barley, Ife âuotes the past adoscaoy oí Mr. Alfred »anders, M.H.R., who is desctlbsd as "a, staunch teetotaller," h> support, of the con- tention, lae editor does not, quote tha> .yWJenue taken "by theTictosiaa-Tariff.Goin rástsioai as ta^jth» «sswrmou« loss of revenue to that «Bwasy by the production of focal i brands. Ha appears abo- to overlook, the» 'fast that'some year« a&ot; v dbtilltry waa «tatted wa Otago, and thefr the Govercmtnh 1 afterward« bongbt np thebasiness «nd «oooV will and oJseed ;tjt» eoonera ia order, to aava» 'losaal BStwpMkj-: , l4\ e > < Y i^iKktfflhiiÉ - 