\-- ' ' ■;*jrCanonNewsomv - ", *re|w!«:lirSt. PaolWOatbtdMesndajr, Ahae *lBptwltb3U» prtiisrsianrtAfmrmij Wjmj telgoad hafcUsteadL";—tacuiesjmtt. dflE --.vp How strange it aonigU«*-*»e wn :.inte.ih*/j vastpsaoeofthisgreat buildingfrooi the { turmoil :'af'-ike'r:Stre6ta. ouwtde, where .the;] •,8»gB^5W^; olbusiiwBaispaariDRiti/nevar-i ceasing stream, ^herethe Air quivers ^witb i the excitement b[l politioal ones,-and the j news of the world tosses to and .fro in its] lw«Mii wiflwwaM, ,whetA*U this <u'iftn»r J |ia)aimed aloud with fresh and minute .detail, .'.' how strange it sounds to hear the reiterated:' monoitany of oswnts.long smoeplayad:oatrafj personages who, at the most, are menwho; euledapetty kingdom in rode time* and Be-i parted nodasired i We hear people plying i and imploring their d!ergy-to - preach to them1 on questions of the day, on mstters of serial j interest or politioat importance. We hare J modern authors among the prophets, and j , poets among the evangelists, and journaliata , among the soared writan; etiU the old CJhuroh, goes on umxmsoiouaof monotony, . an- j desirous of ahange, Why? Because tinsel Soriptnrea are touched with inipnhm] in a woyin which no other Soriptnrea even i pretend to- be. They not only contain, but j they are, the Word of God.. They not only i Bash thegeninswhioh has secured ior thema plaoe in the hearts of generations of men whioh nothing oan disturb, but alio they are. alive with the fire and breath of the Holy -Ghost. ."Whatsoever things were .written aforetime were written for oar learning;" and thia Soripture among the rest, "So Abab slept with his fathers, and Abaziah his son reigned in bit stead.''- ' ■■: But yourself back into the time ot these events whioh we have been reading about, whioh cheOhnrah has pot before us to-day in, the chapters of the Books of Kings. Did j Ahab, do yon think, think tbemuneventfol'Or ] uninteresting? Thipkof all the restlessness, tneambitton, the turbulence, the selfishness, : the lost of power, tne UHSornpulausoess whioh 1 was gathered up into that personality, a man 1 who deliberately set himself to dethrone God, . to on«t Him from all participation in the work of Hie government, allebara in the adrainistra- | tion. Jeroboam had contrived for an undeno minational God. Ahab improved on that; i he had contrived for no God at all. The prophets beoame his personal enemies, any one who thwarted htm his bitterest foe. Would he have oontemplated a time when Ahab would be a name whioh would oease to inteiest? Or a oountry aorpss the blue floor of the Mediterranean with imperial interests greater than even be bad capacity to imagine?_ And then, thing of it all psaaing ] away, all this conglomeration of passion and impulse, apparently as if it had never been ; thahietory of Israel gathering to a point at Abab, and then snapping and letting him 1 vaniah As ifhe had never been. While another ; steps into hiB vacant plaoe, and another and another, it.makes ua think of the littleness of bumao life, and how we ehall leave floating i behind us on the tide the greatest days of our i tribulation and the greatest days of our < wealth, and ourselves disappear at last and be ] forgotten. Think of the hundreds and thousands who have lived and moved with all their troubling cares and eager lives as if all { this universe was made for them and depen dent upon their efforts; and then think how 1 few names; even comparatively speaking, survive 1 " What is man that thou art mindful of him, and the Son of Man, that thou so 1 regardeat him?" "One generation pasgeth away, and anotber generation oometh." Our greateBb power beoomea little, our greatest trouble eeems light, as we stand beneath the majesty of God, who aits unmoved and un changed as new empires rise and fall before His eternal presence. This is the first and obvious thought whioh strikes us as we read of king sueaseding king, and of power and cruelty and evil buried in the eilenos of the grave. THE MAN AHD THE RACE. But there areotherand moresolemn thoughts . still to whioh we should do well to turn our attention. It is true, in more senses than one, that " no man liveth unto himself, and no man dieth unto himself.". There is no life, did we but know it, whioh oan be said to have absolutely no boating upon anything bntitself. Mankind is a great whole, bound up in its solidarity, in itB nations, its communities, its families, and on one life depends the well being, or the reverse, of other lives as well. When Ahab died there was not an end of | him. Ahsziah suooeeded to that whioh Ahab had made. He suooeeded to a kingdom made j idolatrous, to a kiugdom alienated from God, to great politioal mistakes, to embittered enemies and estranged friends, to the dower ! of a ourse. He leaves the kingdom more | weakened still to his snooessor. "8oAhab j slept with hie fathers, and Ahaeiah, his eon, reigned iu his stead." It is a wonderful thing, this solidarity ot life. Ton panes, perhaps, when yoi/arn going over some porcelain fac tory in the Potteries; you admir| some ex quisite piece of porcelain with its oreamy texture, its_ delioate finish, its exquisite shape, and its artistie ornamentation; and you turn asids to examine the details of .its produotion; a pieoe of clay here, a piece of flint there, here a pieoe of boos, there -a pieoe of earth, eaoh ingredient nooessary, e&oh; care fully worked up under pressure, under apparent annihilation, and the cutting and burning, and delicate manipulation; these ] appsar again, did we but know it, in the tex ture which we «o muoh admire—the clay, and the dust, and the bone, living through their death ami operating through their j disintegration. So, if we oould examine the surface and texture of modern hi-tory, the progress of i man and the substratum on whioh he rears the glory and blie developments whioh we so j mnoh admire, we should And a bit of bone dust there out of a dead past, clay and soil dug out of ruinod dynasties and barren ' failures. Itoostsmore to makeaman, itoosts j more to redeem a soul. God, apparently so prodigal of human life, is yet so preoions over the work of His hands, so sparing in Hie expenditure of human failure. We hold it true that— Nothing walks wUh aimless fest; But notoDe life shall be destroyed, Nor cut as rubbish to the void. When fted hath made the pile oompleta. And yet it has become almost a oommou- i plaoe of the unbelieving controversialist who j wishes to puzzle or at least fight it but in the 1 oase against hie opponent. " What a curious oonoeption," he says, "yon must have of a benefiosnt God, who imagine "a being who, you tell os, is Derfeot love, whom you confess to have" infinite forethought and ' presoient aocuraoy with whioh He oan measure every temptation, and knows the exact foroe whioh they will exercise on man,' and who yet oreatea or suffers to enter the world a crea ture like Ahab, who according to all known '] laws, even of human observation, is bound, so ■ go wrong.end "merit the awful punishment of i his wrongdoing." It would be sufficient to j say that we have not the data nor the saga- ] city for measuring the notions of God. They i often seem to ub bb capricious as the notions 1 of man must eeem to the worm whioh orawle ; along the path ; hat we surely have for all < that moral and intellectual capacities to see at toast as far ss this—that God Almighty - oah never have before Him, we may say with reverence, a sole, an isolated individual, not an Ahab atones nor an Ahaeiah alone, but the whole raoe of Israel and of all the kingdoms of the world. To suppress a man may be to suppress a raoe. In refusing existence to one bad man fie may be refusing existence to a hundred gobd ones. Evil sons do not always follow evil fathers, nor, alas, good eons always follow good fathers. They are strangely mixed up together Is a suooemor of Ahab several generations down to be refused the right to exist beoause Ahab and his imme diate oirale were unworthy of life end would j most oertainly abuse it? Even if there were j noBuoh thing as forgiveness, to refuse life to him beoause of his foreseen failure would be | to refuse life to those who would most ear- . tainly profit by it and benefit the world.. God, we may oay with reverence, had not to ohoaee between creating or not creating an Ahab, but between oreating or mot creating generations of good and evil mixed up together. fbssgnt pat eesponbibilttt. We ourselves stand, did we but know it, in n strange meeting way of dispensations. The thread of God's plan is passed down from generations above through our lives to those who come after us. Like a soene in a play whioh still serves as a background while fresh actors pats across the stage and unravel the movement of the drama, ao the bnilding and | the institution of the oisy serve as thsoonneot ing outward. link between generation Mid generation, who strangely oonneot the chains of life beneath their overshadowing presenoe. Individuals come; they play their part, they ptse off the stage: but the action is advanoed a step, and the dramaof life is brought nearer to its completion. Do not mistake, do not think that it is un important what we do, that we are but dolls held in the eteady hands of God, who will play our parts for us whether we oonsoiously move or not. No ; we are dowered with freB will; and it makes the greatest difference in the world, not only to ourselves but to those who come after us, bow we act. .Here we ire trustees for the moment of all this great national position won for us through ages ot political evolution and laborions struggle. What am ws leaving to those who oome after I us} Are we making any mistakes, do you j think ? Is it possible to take all the unhealthy atmosphere out of the world, ao' that a man may make himself very comfortable here without troubling about another world 1 If history IB true tbere are awkward reoords of [ bills ran up in one generation becoming due in the next. A reoent statistical return is not without suggestion of serious and menacing evil. Orirae, we are told, has diminished ; prisons are being closed; the gaol delivery' has been lightened. We applaud ourselves at the advance made by enlightened civilization ; but at the same time ws are told that there is a large increase of im morality — and of juvenile immorality. What does this mean? It means that sin bas ] beoome more refined. It does not brutally I dash itself against the restraint of the law, but it has beoome more insidious, more deadly. It means that eduoation without God leads to j life.without God, and that the power and the presence of God whioh alone can restrain the unruly wills and affactiona of sinful man has been pushed aside for a oreedless and cold system of morality, which finds itself as ! powerless to deal with the fierce tides of law less desire as the old watchman to maintain order in the growing life and the tnrbnlenoe o( the streets of Loudon. It is a phenomenon full of sinister omen — immorality slowly creeping upon the youth of this generation. It means that the life and vigonr of the nation I is being attacked in that which is its moat j vital point. Men no longer care to please God : and walk in His ways ; while it is urged upon the disoontentsd, the labour-wearied, and the starving that for eighteen oenturies Christ has been able to give them nothing better than hopeless years of Soil, with scanty susten ance and little sympathy, and that it is time for them to tarn from so inoompetent a God j to a stronger ruler, who dispenses the good j things of this world, and will satisfy all their desires. Surely we need to feel more than wb do our responsibility to tbe nation, not only in the vote which we give, or in the influence whioh we eked abroad, or in tbe party priu oiples whioh we follow, but in tbe life of the good citizen, tow-abiding, reverent, dutiful, and true." THE OHDBOB AND THC INDIVIDUAL There are two ways in which the; Church ooraes across the individual in-] clination; the one is in the way of restraint, and the other is in tbe way ! of demand. Penetrating right up into I the region of motives and the impost reoesBes of the heart, where the law of the land says "avoid," the Cboroh eaya "renounce," The thoughts, tbe imaginations, the wishes, tbe whole life, oome under the stern purview of her discipline, and the efforts which she makes for the purification of human pharaoter; and there is always danger ot breakingdown the: sternness and rigour whioh conflicts with an easy-going Christianity. How easy it is to oome to Church ; to be oarried op to heaven by the fervour of praise ; to be oarried down to hell by the expression at oontrition; and yet at the tame time to livea life whioh is utterly and entirely out of tune with this outward profession! And no more serious blow than this can be etruok at re ligion. When words have been emptied of their meaning and sacraments robbed of efficacy, when faith puts forth no band to reoeive the good things whioh God's grace offers, then the way is open to an antagonism which is bound to set in against tbe exaoting demands made by the Gbnroh. " Why Bhouid the standard," people sty, " be put so high ? Why Bhouid so muoh be expected, so znuoh required! Why should time be wasted on prayer, which is obviously only sentimental, or on worship whioh, intsrferes with the weekly holiday and interrupts the holiday exercise!" It is startling to find how easily those who have descried Sunday by unreal worship are fast breaking down the sanctity which hedges in tbe demand wbioh is thereby made upon onr time. One class follows another in the stream of fashion. Servants who have been prevented from coming to Ohuroh ottase to wish for it; young people wish for tbe tune when they will be their own masters to do as their elders do. Gradually amusement cornea in upon amusement,and the hours of devotion get shorter and the boars of pleasure get longer ; and before almost we know it under the speoiouB ory of " a rational Sunday for rational people," England is de prived of one of her unique religions treasures, a treasure whioh those who once realize it know to be an inoalouable worth and prioelesa benefit—a day whioh is not only in name but in reality the day of the Lord. Are we going to hand down to those who oome after us a religion shorn of all strictness of word and obligation, in whioh formalism has ousted piety and selfishness has deprived God of his due! It will be a serious thing if, in obedienoe to a loose fashion and prevailing carelessness, we acquiesce in a blow aimed at the English Sunday, and through the Sunday at the devotional life and stern piety which has made England great. Evermore must we watch over the individual influence whioh we •bed abroad and the part of God'e work where we exeroise the faculties whioh God has given ns. It oannot be an indifferent matter, j whatever else it may be, whether we have 'ived'or not in the surroundings m whioh we nave been temporarily placed. A man of wealth and position may eay, "It oannot matter what I say and do ; where I am hun dreds he ve been before me, end hundreds will 30ms after me; I am here to-day, and I am gone to-morrow." But for ell that he leaves befaihd him a mark for good orevil on the tradi tion of the plaos, and good rales may even mrvive when he has gone as a memento of him who asked for them and made them neoesary, or bad habits itaay remain as a sad survival of those who broke down good rules and introduoed oarelaBS ways. Even in tha cirole of a family we know tbe power of one consistent life. The selfishness of an Ahab, the want of principle, the dislike of religion, the unbridled gratification of every whim—it | began with a false alliance at home, it ended ( with a complete alienation from God. The influence of the individual is a subject whioh we do well to consider. Like as we are to one another as leaves on the tree, we are yet different; like as our ooonpations and our duties, they have etill a separate and , unique importance. It is not only round the ] great names of history that we find tbe rook 1 out and the channel olear by the force of their personality o'eaving its way as they go; it is not, again, the name which has oansed itself | to be emblazoned on a memorial or publicly proolaimed as a benefactor whioh survives in the grateful reoolleotion of mankind. When the final record nomas to be written, beside those great uamee which have made it so illustrious there will be others whose lives and efforts are spread out in the snag nifioeaoe of the works to whioh they oonse orated their bidden influence. As wa pass up and down the world, where conquerors have oarved^ their destinies, and statesmen have led nations, and the piety, and learning, and devotion of the great dead soar above us like some building ooneecrated by the devotion of the past, aa we enter on their labours, and profit by their sacrifices, and correct their mistakes, and improve upon their methods do not let us for one moment think that it matters little what we are and what we do. We inherit the past, whioh ie what the livea of those who have lived before us have largely made it. We shall hand it on better or worse to those who oome after us. What more could we wish than that those among whom .we live and work should be the better and the happier because we have lived and beoanss we have worked! V Ah»b slept with his fathers, and Ahaziah, his son, reigned in his etead"—an old bntied phrase deep down in the history of the Kings, saying how it has I yielded to ns this great truth. It is but the 1 rsoort] of single lives, bat a single life has { had, at all events once in the history of the ] world, it in its power to makeor to mar the in heritance ofGod. . 