The Triple Mystery; s OR, Mick Carter's Sealed Orders. CHAPTER I. the shadow of a crime. ' The city of Washington was. shaken to its foundation by the: an nouncement of three startling events which had happened almost sim- ultaneously. The three announce ments were totally different in character, seeming to the stranger who chanced to read the paper that morning to bear no relation whatever to each other. Perhaps they did not ; mayhap it was only the coincidence of affairs which sent such a tremor, along the thoroughfares of that cosmopolitan city; and yet there were those who knew better, and who saw in them something more rhan concidences. The three events were a murder, a suicide, and a wedding. These startling incidents occurred in widely different parts of the city, though all were in that portion of it which is known as the nor th-west. The first and most startling of all was the murder. The news fell like a!.' thunderbolt upon society, when through the columns of the morning papers it read that Brayton Russel, one of its chiefest ornaments, had been, at forty-five minutes past 10 the preceding evening, found dead, with the jewelled hilt of a stiletto gleaming against the bosom of his shirt, now stained crimson with his life blood. Investigation ' showed that the blade had pierced the young man's . heart, and that he had died instantly — almost without pain other than the first agony of the shock. 1 The body was found in the parlour of- the suite which Mr. Russel had occupied for two years,, and more than the ordinary amount of mystery surrounded the unnaDDV event. There was no evidence whatever of a' struggle. .Russel was found in the same chair where he was sitting an hour before the discovery, at which time his valet had left him to execute a few commissions commanded, by his master. It was the valet who made the dis covery upon his return, but, fortun ately for his own safety, he was ac companied by a gentleman who had long borne very cordial and friendly relations with the victim of this sudden arid awful tragedy, g The police were instantly informed, and an investigation was at once be- gun. It ended, however, with but little more than has been already told, and the officers of the law became, with every move they made, more and more mystified. When the valet left his master, in order to execute the commissions given him, the lafter, fully arrayed in evening dress, was laying back in his favourite chair, smoking a cigar which he had just lighted. . It was half-past nine, or - about that time, when the valet went out. It was. forty-five minutes past ten when he returned and found Mr. .Russel stabbed through the heart, yet still reclining in almost the same ' position in which the servant had last seen him. .. The cigar which he had been en gaged in smoking was lying on the floor beside the chair. It had ceased to burn, but beneath it was a round Spot as large as a silver dime, where the fire had singed the nap of thfe heavy moquette carpet. There was an ash a quarter of an inch long on the end of the cigar, but no ashes were scattered in the vicinity of the 'spot where it had fallen, showing that there had been none upon it < when it fell from the nerveless fingers of the murdered man. ; Beside him, on a little smoking- table, was a silver ash-receiver, and upon that was one deposit only from the cigar which, lying upon the floor, presented such mute yet conclusive evidence of the suddeness and ac curacy with which the death- dealing blow had been struck. This one de posit of ashes upon the receiver hieasured three-quarters of an inch 'iu length, was regular and unbroken, showing that the smoker had been absorbed in the enjoyment of his cigar when death, unannounced, was ushered in. Experts gave it 'as their opinion that the man had been dead about "an hour when the body was dis- covered, and thus it became evident jt'hat the fatal event must liave_ Vaken place within, a very few min iates after the valet left his master to Carry out the instructions he had re ceived. The gentleman who returned with the valet was Manuel Navarro, a Castilian of noble family, who was at the time enjoying Washingt'onssociety in capacity of special envoy of the King of Spain to conclude some diplo matic negotiations between his coun try and the United States. Although a '"Spaniard, he spoke English with all the fluency of a native, and amid the " spoiling " and the flattery that had been his portion during the few months of his residence in the na tional capital, a strong friendship had sprung to life between him and the young man who was so suddenly and foully murdered. . g There was a little gleam of Sudden .emotion in the Castilian's eyes when they fell upon the jewelled hilt of the Stiletto, but he made no remark con cerning the weapon until some time afterwards, when circumstances com pelled him to do- so. But during the first hours of investigating the hor ror, the handsome face and flashing eyes of Manuel Navarro were often . turned towards that dainty but fatal weapon, and at such times an in scrutable expression flitted like a ; U . foreboding shadow across hi's fea tures. The valet was equally certain that he had never seen the stiletto before, and that it was not the property of Mr. Russel, and had never been among his effects. The perpetrator of the dastardly crime bad come and gone, and left no clue behind save death and the jewelled weapon, which might or might not be traced to its' owner. Like a spirit of evil the assassin had descended upon the house and dep arted with the noiseless and untrace able ircad of a ghost. Brayton Russel was dead — mur dered,' for 'suicide was nut 10 be thought of in the premises. For a long time he had reigned, a prince among his fallows. Hand some, dashing, nice, full of life and animation, and genial to all alike, he had been petted and spoiled, made much of and dined, until his word had become the law of his set, of which he was. the recognised and uri- rivalled leader. A bachelor just past his thirtieth birthday, he had long been the intended prize of designing mammas and the favorite gallant among the beautiful creatures who reigned as belles of Washington- so ciety. The news of his death, therefore, caused a shock impossible to de scribe. The manner of bis death | horrified everybody. The mystery surrounding it assumed more than the ordinary proportions when it -was remembered that he. 'had not an enemy in the world, and that no one .could assign a possible motive for the terrible crime, and thus suggest a clue to the perpetrator. Then, with, a shudder, the reader of the morning paper glanced at the heading of another, column on the same page, and only" to be brought face to face with -a new horror, equally inexplicable, if less mysterious than the other. CHAPTER If. coincidence of- events. The other announcement was scarcely less startling and horrifying than the first. It was headed "Seif- infiicted," and the article told in detail of another, terrible event which had taken place presumably at about the same hour as the murder. Shorn of unnecessary hyperbole, the account gave the following in formation : Theresa Orlando, a beautiful girl just past her teens, had at some time between die hours of eight and eleven o'clock the preceding evening, com mitted suicide while alone in her room in her mother's mansion. She had dined at seven o'clock, her mother being absent from the city, leaving her, therefore, alone in the great house, except for the presence of a half-dozen servants, amqng them being the young maid. Theresa seemed to be in her usual health and spirits at dinner- time, and from the table had gone to the drawing-room, and spent fifteen or twenty minutes in playing upon the piano. Then, singing gaily, she had gone to her room, after telling her maid that she might make what use she chose of the evening, as her ser vices would not be required before eleven. That was the last seen of her alive. At eleven precisely the maid pre sented herself .'at the door of her mistress's room, and receiving no reply to her summons, entered softly, expectiner to find Miss Orlando asleep. For a moment the maid believed she had been correct m. her- surmise, for her mistress was -.lying fully dressed, upon the bed. with her face turned m the opposite direction. But there was something so death-like and still about the figure upon the bed that the servant was alarmed. In another moment she knew the awful truth. .Her mistress was sleep ing that sleep yvhich knows no wak ing, and on the floor beside the bed were the shattered fragments of a wineglass. At first the servant made frantic efforts to arouse her mistress ; then she ran screaming away, alarming the household, and ultimately sending for the family physician, who fortun ately lived quite near. When he came, a few moments of rapid investigation developed the following facts : , A two-ounce phial; 'one-third full of tincture of aconite, was upon the dressing-case, and the fragments of the wineglass found upon the floor, upon examination, bore unmistakable evidence that the glass had contained the same baneful poison before it was broken. Still further investigation proved that Theresa had swallowed nearly an ounce and a half of the deadly drug, and had died almost instantly. There was not the slightest doubt of suicide in the minds of those who were familiar with the facts of the case, and ''yet no cause could be as signed as a sufficient reason for the deed. . Far from. being a person who yvould contemplate' such an 5$ct, Theresa Orlando was known to possess pre cisely the 'opposite characteristics. She was unusually self-reliant and fearless, always happy and vivacious, and never morbid or given to low spirits or moods. There was no love affair in her life which could have had this terrible effect upon her, and there was ab solutely no reason known to her friends why- she should not have chosen to live out her allotted years in pursuit of the. pleasures which nature and circumstances had set aside for her portion. Beautiful as an houri, and as dark — for she was born beside the Gaudal- quivir in sunny Spain — accom plished far beyond her associates, gifted by nature with a genial and happy temperament which made her loved wherever she went, an heiress to wealth almost fabulous in amount, happy in her home and her sur roundings, the pet of society and the acknowledged beauty of the season, the thought of death should never have come to her, much less that sort of death which finds its execu tioner in one's own ha rid. Yet she was dead.. Beside her the broken glassq on the dressing-case the uncorked phial partly filled with poison, and the mute evidence everywhere expressed that she had herself decanted the deadly draught, carried it to the bed, and there, after' assuming the position in which she .wished to be found, swallowed the poison and died. People who read both of the startling accounts remembered vaguely that there had been rumors of an engagement between Brayton "Russel and Theresa Orlando. They were startled anew to think that both should have died about the same hour — one by murder, foul and mys terious, the other by suicide inex plicable, and that scarcely a mile intervened between the bouses where these two dread events occurred. They shuddered anew when some one suggested that coincidence could not alone explain the double calamity ; they wondered vaguely if collusion of purpose could, in any way, have ac tuated the advent of death, or have lent an impulse to either victim'; they shuddered and sighed, they expressed regrets keen and piquant, they in dulged in useless and absurd theories, and they turned with little zest, be it said, to the third sensation of tjie day. In its way this was equally start ling, for it contained a surprise for which none of them had been pre pared. Briefly, it was an announce ment of marriage. It told that the wedding ceremony . had been per formed at six o'clock the previous evening- between Manuel 'Navarro' and Agnes Inez Orlando. Society knew that Navarro was Brayton Russei's most intimate friend ; society knew that Agnes Inez Orlando was an own cousin to Theresa; and in addition to the sur prise felt at 'the marriage announce ment, more or less compassion' was expressed for the two principals of the wedding, who, within a few- hours, were confronted by death in its most revolting form. The surprise at the announcement of the wedding was occasioned by the positive knowledge . on the part of many of the readers that the bride was, at the time of her wed ding, betrothed to another man, and that the groom had, ever since his arrival in Washington, paid his court to another lady, and paid it so as siduously that quite a different wed ding had many times been confidently prophesied by the knowing gossips. Society had never suspected more than friendly intimacy between Manuel Navarro and his bride ; and yet, without a word of warning, in the presence of a half-dozen guests — friends of Miss Orlando — the two were made man and wife. By one stroke, almost, the columns of the morning papers removed four stars of the first magnitude from the arena of social conquest ; two by death and two by marriage. Then people shuddered anew, for they remembered the awful mystery surrounding the first announcement. \- They could not drive from their minds the idea that there was some-, thing more than coincidence in the triple event. Then they looked eagerly for the evening papers in the- hope of gaining further news. But none was given them that is worthy of comment here, and their onlyrecouse was to wait and observe. Nobody dreamed of the real causes of the events of that one night. Could they also have been given in yet another column, the effect would have been indescribable. CHAPTER. III. a blow in the dark. Investigation of the double calam ity described in the foregoing chap ters proved fruitless. The police- de partment of the city of Washington confessed that they could find no clue whatever to the murder of Brayton Russel, and as a last resort gave out the opinion that the young, man had doubtless committed suicide, although they failed utterly to ascribe any motive for the act. Care was taken, owing to the ex alted social position of the parties interested, not to insinuate the sug gestion of collusion or unity of pur pose between Russel and Theresa Orlando ; and yet the opinion was general that if the theory of suicide were once established there could be no other explanation offered. There were those who did not admit that the theory of suicide was applicable to the case of Miss Orlando. 'They scouted the idea that she had taken her own life as absurd in the extreme, and they argued with a great deal of force when reference was made to the known characteristics and happy dis position of -the young lady. Opinions were about equally di vided among those who, by' reason of long acquaintance with the victims of the double tragedy, felt a personal interest in the development of the case. Some believed that both Brayton Russel and Theresa Orlando were victims of assassins ; others suggested a double suicide with some motive at present unknown, and a few still clung to the original idea of murder and suicide, ascribing the simultaneousness of the events to piere coincidence. The necessary inquests were held, and a verdict of suicide was re turned in each case. . It is doubtful if the coroner's jury would have so decided in the case of Brayton RuSsel had not a startling fact been established during the in vestigation. The stiletto with which' he had been stabbed was conclusively proved j to have been the property of Theresa Orlando, and'' it was known to have been in her possession as late as the luncheon hour of the day upon which he was so suddenly and so mys teriously ushered into another world. The ownership' of 'the', weapon was first suggested by reason of the young lady's initials, which were engraved upon the hilt. . Methodical, inquiry followed, and brought out the developments named. Theorists were busy at once, some with wild conjecture, others with reasonable deductions. Did Theresa Orlando, after dismissing her maid, go to the apartments of. Brayton Russel, and after stabbing him to the heart return and take her own life in the manner described ? As a matter of fact, each so-called' revelation which came to liqht in the investigation only served to deepen the mystery, and, it was not until nearly a iortnight had elapsed that the matter was brought to the offi cial notice of Chief Inspector Thomas Byrnes, of the New York police. The case was, of, course, out of his jurisdiction, yet the request for his co-operation came to him in such a manner that he was persuaded to as sume the direction of affairs in de veloping and solving the mysteries in which it was involved. A carriage stopped in Mulberry- street at the door of police head quarters at five o'clock one afternoon. The footman entered the white build ing bearing a sealed envelope in his fiand. Ten minutes later he reap peared, hurrying down the steps, and uttered a few words to the Oucupant. of the carriage, which was at' once driven away. ; . That same evening in his own pnr- lor the chief inspector received the person who had been an occugarit of the. carriage, nor did the' separate until the- grey dawn of morning had chased the shadows of night away- Then, ever tireless in the pursuit of his occupation, the official went' at once to his office, and after qivinsr / o O directions that he should on no ac count be disturbed, spent a long time in waiting. At nine o'clock he left his office, walked through Houston-street to Broadway, and himself deposited a letter in the box of the post-office. At twenty minutes before ten o'clock the same morning that identical letter, bearing a special de-. livery stamps, was placed in the hands of the person to whom it was addressed, for it bore the inscription : Nick Carter,, Detective, Care of Messrs. Smith & Smith, Publishers, 2S, 27, 29, and 31, Rose-street, New York City. The detective opened the letter instantly. It contained a short, terse note in the hand- writingofthechief inspector, a note which was decidedly character istic of the man who wrote it, and another envelope, also sealed. The note, written upon official paper of the department, was' as follows: "Catch first train to Washington. I enclose sealed 'in structions and orders, with directions when to open written outside. Wire me as soon as you arrive." The detective glanced at his watch, found that he had ample time in which to catch a train, and at; half- past four o'clock that afternoon, 3 weeks to a day from the time of the double tragedy, he was in the city 'of Washington with the sealed orders he had received safely reposing in the inner pocket of his vest. Declining the multitudinous offers of conveyance made by the horde of hack men who made life a burden to travellers, he walked slowly up Penn sylvania avenue towards the treasury. Twice, en route, ne paused. Once at the office of the Washington Post and once at the Evening Sfav building.- Then he continued on his way, idly observing everything that was pass- ing'around him, and ultimately arriv ing at the Arlington Hotel, where he registered and secured a bedroom. The evening was well advanced when he again left the hotel, and this time as before he walked. His direc tion took him up Connecticut Ave nue, and after making several turns, always walking slowly and for the purpose of exercise only, he rang the bell of an imposing edifice and entered. It was still another sealed envelope which he delivered to the servant in stead of a customary card, saying only: " Deliver that to' Mrs. Orlando, and say that l am waiting. " Only a few moments passed when the lady entered the room where the detective was waiting, and he found himself in the presence of a woman in the prime of life and -health and matronly beauty — the mother of Theresa Orlando, the suicide. "You are" — - — she began; but the detective interrupted her. " I am sent to you, madam, by Chief Inspector Byrnes, of New York. I have specific directions to carry out for him, and, among them may be found the reasons for this visit." " Ah !" " I wish to have-a very serious con versation with you, and it is impor tant that there should be as little de lay as possible. You " Nick paused suddenly, for a fright ful pallor swept like a flash of light over the lady's face. She tottered for an instant, and reached blindly for a chair; but even as the detective sprung to her assistance she; recovered her self, and motioned him back. TO BE CONTINUED. 