\---OUR NOVEL.- 3 " [NOW FIRST" PUBLISHED.] H, S LAST Mr.?.. ... By Katherine S. Macquoid Author of '" At the Red Glove," " Miss Eyton of Eyton Court," on trainee Derricks 'Pitty," " Wild as a Hawk, ' &>. [Apt RIGHTS RESERVED] CHAPTER. XXXVI. - (Continued.) "Let me have it a minute, please ?" she tried to take the envelope, but Dawson drew her hand back. " No, I can't j you asked me to get you Mrs. Beardmore's address in case she went away, so when I saw this envelope lying on the breakfast table, I cleared it away with the things. I expect it reached 9 Reading after the Rector had left; but you may depend if her address is a secret, leaving that evening about was only a forget of the Rector's. He's been uncommon absent even for him, but he'll be sure to ask me for it before the day's oat. I was meaning to copy it for you." Sleights frowned with vexation. " Let me have another look ?" She spoke so firmly that Dawson held out the envelope. " You shall have it back all i right," and with these words Sleights suddenly snatched it and hurried off at a pace which Dawson would have found it hard to match, in the direction of the meadows. She did not go very far ; she stopped and leaned against the hedge, pressing . herself into it, till she felt she could not *"iiS~B6en from the gate at which she had left Dawson ; after a few minutes she heard it shot with an angry bang. Sleights gave a sigh of relief as she re- traced her steps till she reached the Manor House gates, she smiled when she found herself safe inside the Park. " Tau Sitt 'li ferret out the postmark, and he'll be as pleased as Punch at know- ing where to put his hand on the dear child ; maybe he'll forget to scold " She brushed the back of her freckled hand across her eyes, as if she thought there were tears thine. "I wouldn't do his dirty work for him, no, that I wouldn't, if I didn't feel sure she'd bring me and my sweet lamb together again j I do love that eulo little thing above-a bit So now you know." "She gave a defiant look at the house which she was rapidly approaching. CHAPTER XXXVII. crop. -FOLLOWED -T E ST.-" K ?* gypsies Yan Sitt was on his way to Forbridge He soon deciphered the partly effaced, postmark, bat wheat ter giving the envelope, Sleights told him of Mrs Beardmore's early departure, he became terribly angry He was, however, too eager to start in pursuit of her to spend much time in questioning Sleigh and she did not think it necessary to tell him that Mrs Bordimro had quitted the Lodge More """than a week ago She know that in Van S it had been at the Manor House he would have known all about his neighbour's doings, but he had been over to Paris, where he had arranged a temporary home for Dolly, a home which he felt sure Hester could not discover without his assistance He smiled as he now leaned back in the rail way carriage ; he was looking forward to his approaching interview with Mrs. Beardmore, for he meant to see IIOL as soon as he had secured Dolly. He was hampered by want of money fortune, which for so many years had be- friend him, had veered round, and each time he played he was nearly sure to lose. He still received the income left him by his father, but he thought life was not worth living on such a miserable sum to depend on that could, he told himself, be the existence of a beggar. This present time seemed to him a crisis, a point in his life, when all might be retrieved and made straight by his own readiness in seizing opportunity. Now that he had recovered from the surprise and mortification caused by the news of Hester's flight, he told himself that it would prove a help instead of a hindrance. It would be easier to get away with the child in an out of the way place like Forbridge, than at Milwnrd, which was so much nearer a large city ' He had dismissed Sleights, telling the woman he had no further need of her service for he saw it was necessary to cut off every link of communication between Dolly and her grandmother ; he determined to reach Paris with the child before Hester could put a detective on his track; he should then hurry to Mrs Berdmore and beg her to accept his assistance in searching for her lost Dolly It was pleasant to forsee how the necessary interviews on this subject must accustom Hester to his presence. She had shown herself; very lofty and superior; yes, she was all that, but she was at heart a truly noble creature, and he had greatly admired the silent patience she had shown under Roger Beardmore's cruel desertion. Van Sitt lit a fresh cigar, and smiled with so much significance that his fellow travellers, two Woolwich cadets, thought he was laughing at them, and felt disposed to pick a quarrel with the silent dark faced man for what they considered his impertinence "After all," Van Silt was saying to himself, " Hester is only a woman." He must marry her. Apart from his love for her money, he loved her for herself. He had such strong faith in Hester's sense of duty, that he believed she would make any sacrifice, pay any price to get Dolly again into her own keeping. Well, he would take only one price for Dolly, Hester must give him herself. This would be in case he failed to win her by gentle means , but he considered that his admiration and esteem would greatly help him in this matter. Hester was so real and genuine that a feigned affection would never succeed in getting a hearing from her, she would at once detect its falsehood. " When she is my wife she will team how fond I am of liar, and how proud to possess such a creature.. I shall not treat her as that poor fool Berdmore did and I shall' win her love You may do anything with a woman if you can make her believe your affection for her." He sat musing and smiling, Unconscious of the cadets' glaring eyes. It amused him to recall those years ago, when he had been so madly in love with Hester, that it seemed worth while to give up everything for the sake of making her his own, and subduing her haughty spirit. He had long ago found out that life was "too short to devote to one purpose, and in the full blooded course of his incessant hard living, he knew that he had often forgotten Hester. But nowú That vienna qui said attended," he said, slowly, savouring the gratification of vanquishing tina proud woman who had more than once defied him, and then of enjoying her love. The _ cadets, who were evidently brothers, had noticed his continued smile, and had decided that he was laughing at them by way of asserting their imp in ance, they now began to talk in a haw haw fashion, broadening their vowels and elongating their syllables in a way that would have amused Tan Sitt if he had not been absorbed by the thought of Hester. One of the brothers had evidently lived more at home than the other had and he seemed to know more about the family affairs. All at once Van Silt roused from his dreaming at the name of " Felix !" " I thought that Uncle Felix died years ago," the fair-haired cadet said. " No, he didn't, worse luck for as in these times, when the farmers can't pay full rent and every five tells." The lad's dark eyes, which were like Van Sitt's, looked gloomy. " Felix lives abroad, and so long as he stays there he gets an allowance. Father told me a short time back that he had been seen in London ; I only know that when I come into the property I mean to keep a sharper look- out than seems to have been kept, and if I spot the fellow this side of the Channel, not another penny goes to him. Oh, no, he's not dead ; the fellow that died was his son, a young chap called Rupert." He looked up as he ended, and met Van Sitt's eyes, which seemed to him full of menace. \- The elder man looked instantly away, but the; lad continued to stare at him in wonder ; he was asking himself where he had seen that face before. He and his brother left the train at the next station, while Van Sitt sat cursing him under his moustaches. And then, free of these fellow-passengers, he wondered why such idle boyish talk had power to move him. He knew that his brother had married again and that his second wife had brought him sons, and something in the voice and manner of those young fellows had taken him back to early days, and had made him realise the gulf fiat had come between. Yes, this pair of young fools must be his nephews. It was a relief to reach Forbridge and to get away from his thoughts. A little omnibus was waiting at the station, but he chase to walk and taking his bag he soon reached the pretty-looking hotel, passed it, and crossed the bridge beyond. He felt sure that Hester would have placed herself in some quiet lodging ; he must also avoid the publicity of the" hotel. He strolled over the quaint bridge with as much indifference as if he had been a Forbridge townsman returning to his home. The day was so bright and beautiful he fancied Hester and her grand- child would be out of doors, and when he reached the middle of the High Street and saw how little the town was, he felt as if he had already captured Dolly. On the right of the street he saw a large shop window, in which were displayed packets of note paper and gave hopes, bundles of pencils and sundry small ornaments; he thought this a likely place to make inquiry in and he went into the shop. The buxom woman standing behind the counter said, in answer to his inquiry for lodgings, that there were not any to be had. He then asked for envelopes, and while he selected some he listened to the shopkeeper. " It's a pity," she said " there's such a scarcity of lodgings ; only quite lately a strange lady with a little girl came inquiring for rooms, and they were obliged to put up at the hotel ; the only nice rooms are let to an invalid gentleman come to Cambridge for the fishings. " All the gentlemen who come to Forbridge fish or sketch." She looked inquiringly at Van Sitt, but he was not responsive. He paid for his envelopes and was leaving the shop, when he turned and fixing his dark he m eyes on her, he asked the name of the gentleman who had taken the rooms. The buxom shopkeeper shook her head. She loved a chat with a new-comer, and Mr. Vaun Sitt's silence had disappointed her. " I can't call to mind I ever heard his name," she said " though it may have slipped my memory. I can find out for you, if you are likely to look in again. The lady's name is Brown." " Pray do not trouble," Van Sitt said indifferently, and he left the shop. It came to him as an afterthought that he might as well have asked whereabouts the anglers usually wished; he felt sure that so inquisitive a child as Dolly would try to watch the sport, and would be found near the river. He wanted to meet Dolly alone, and he kept a sharp look-out for her as he walked to the farther end of the little town. It seemed to him that the child must be as dull here as she had been at Milward, for he could not see a sweet or a toy shop. He smiled as he pictured the child's delight at sight of the exquisite bon-bons he had brought her from Paris. He had seen boys fishing near the bridge, but far off on the left he had caught a glimpse of a man in the middle of the river ; he therefore concluded that the water was more strictly preserved on that side. At the end of the town he crossed the footbridge over the brook as Dolly and her caretaker had done, and, going up- hill, he soon reached the hedge above the river. There was not anyone to be seen either along the dusty tree-shaded road or, to far as he could discern, along the steeply sloping bank below him but he could not see far either up or down the river. The willow trees on the left stood so close together that even the island was not very distinct from this point, while on his right the curve of the bank was so abrupt that further view was completely shut off by long garlands of wild rose and by blackberry _ arms projecting from the hedge over "which he" was looking. " A gap in the hedge a little way on showed him that he could easily make his way through it and down the green bank. It suddenly occurred to him that if he continued along this high road he might possibly meet Mrs. >Berdmore; almost as the thought came he pushed the hawthorn twigs more widely apart and' forced his way through, In a few minutes he had reached the foot of the bank and landed on a broad grass space beside the river He was going to the water's edge,' when he heard child's laugh. He stood still and listened: there were voices not far off. He could not hear what was said, but he was sure that one of the voices was a child's. He went cautiously forward, keeping in the shelter of some bushes growing: at the foot of the bank and half-way up it, as if they wanted to reach the edge above. Peering through these bushes he saw a vacant green space with trees growing here and there almost to the edge of the river. ; it looked. Van Sitt thought, a pleasant resting place for an angler-; at the end of it was a closely set row of dwarf pollard willows, and behind them a misty Screen of tall, waving grass and, sedges. Van Silt stopped again and listened. There could be no doubt the scores came from the willows, and lie walked softly towards them. The grass was thick down here, and his feet moved noiselessly as he went forward. The voices were quite distinct now, and one of them was Dolly's. He could not see through the veil of long grass behind the willows, but something told him that Dolly's companion was not Hester, and in a moment he heard a man's voice answering. The sound of this gave him so strange a thrill that he resolved to see the speaker's face. '. A sweet name," this voice said. " I once had a dear little Dolly, but you are not like her must you go already, dear child P" " Yes, please, I must ; I can't really stay," said Dolly. " D m't ask me. I'm sorry ; but, you see, grandmother's with me to-day, 'stead of the caretaker.' There's a Still further on along the road and grandmother's sitting there waiting for I me, and she said she'd think I was lost if I stayed more than ten minutes. Come and see her, won't you ? She likes you, she said it was ever so kind of you to let me watch you fish." Vann Sitt listened eagerly for the answer. "Thank you, Dolly," the angler said. " I can't come to-day. Stay, let me help you up the bank ; you see I slipped into the river this morning, so I'm not exactly in trim to be introduced to a lady !" " Doesn't you call me a lady ?" said Dolly sharply. " I 's'pose you mean a growed up one no, please, don't come and help me ; you'd be too polite to live if you 'sturbed yourself." - The fisherman laughed. " Goodbye," Dolly called from the bank; please catch me salmon." " Good-bye, he called after her " come again to-morrow, you saucy little spray." " All right," cried Dolly. " Ise bigger than a sprat, though."' Her voice sounded faint she was plainly farther off. Van Sitt understood it all n w. Time could be no possible mistake" ; the sudden dread that had saved him had been JI warning of the truth ; the man who takes to Dolly was Roger Berdmore Î CHAPTER XXXVJII.-AN ALARM Dolly scrambled up the bank and ran into the road a little farther on, where a railing with posts at wide intervals had taken the place of the hedge. The sale was about a hundred yards beyond, on the opposite of the road, and she found Mrs. Beardmore standing beside it. Dolly had gone straight down the bank at a point opposite the state, and she was greatly surprised to find how far she had wandered in search of her fisherman. Hester had been severely blaming herself for letting the child out of her sight, and she was now going to start in pursuit of Dolly. The child came running up to her, her round cheeks rosy with excitement. " Grandmother, grandmother, what do you think ? My fisherman says he had a dear little Dolly once ; does lie moan he's had a little girl ?" A strange thought shook Hester's nerves and set her trembling; she drew Dolly to her and kissed her. " What does your friend look like, darling ? I have only seen him from a distance." " He looks like a darling, and he is a darling," said Dolly promptly. " Why he laughs at everything I say ; he says I 'muse him. Oh, he's ever so nice, and he's got such a lovely big beard, and a very brown face, only a bit of it shows though, acres of his hair ; his bat comes down like tins on his forehead. I think he's lovely." Hester sighed with disappointment, and then felt a little scorn for herself, and the vague hope which the child's first words had awakened. Supposing anything so wild and improbable as her husband's presence in Forbridge, she could not imagine that it could affect her position with regard to him. If Roger wished for reunion he would have told her he was in England, he would have written to her. She had long ago persuaded herself that she had lost his love, and that it was not likely to revive ; he had taken care that she should not recall herself to him. This refusal of all future muse had always been to her the bitterest element in his desertion. In a few months more she would be able to pay off the mortgage on her husband's property, and a hope had come to her that when he learned this from his lawyers Roger might write and thank her for what she had done. She walked on in silence. The fancy that had come to her, it may have been the strange learning that she was so near him, had set Hester dreaming more than ever about her husband. She told herself that perhaps one day she might find him suffering and in need of her s -services ; she half closed her eyes as st 9 pictured the jury of. waiting on Rng<»rf\Df wholly devoting herself to him. A mocking voice seamed t > tell her she might do all this, and he rewarded by a fresh desertion when her husband should be again restored to health. " I do not care, she passionately told herself. " I would bear even that to see i s i s s i a yes- ,"-.J- ' assist his dear face, to hold his band and listen once more torbis~voice.J* Dolly meantime cleared her throat loudly, and nestled close to her grand- mother's skirts ; she coughed, then she groaned in irrepressible impatience of this long silence. I At last she took Hester's hand to attract her attention, and gave it a tiny squeeze. " Couldn't you ask him to tea, darling?" -she enquired. Hester felt contained, and she was very far from Dolly just then, and she did not know what the child meant " Who is it, dear ? Whom wild I ask P" "Dolly opened her eyes widely. "1 do believe you've been fast asleep," she said, feeling ill used by this want of sympathy, for she BOW considered her grandmother to be her especial property ; " why of cosMO it's say fisherman ; he's? my sprinkler friend, you know. I asked him to come and see you, but he said he'd slipped into the river, and he wasn't fit to be seen he does look rather muddy. He's j us down there she pointed. '* I '-picks you could save him if the hedge wasn't so thick" Hester stopped ; She had a singular wish to see Jolly's friend, but the hide was high here, and the lower part was much too thick to see through. A little turn her on the hedge became lower, and Hester thought that by standing on tiptoe she might be able to look down through the upper spray of hawthorn. While she tried to all this she heard sounds sleep. She turned to D »Hy who stood in secret delight at the trouble her grandmother was taking to see her friend " Was anyone with your fisherman ?" Hester said. "No, oh, no; he's always alone. I asked him if he had friends here, and he said 'no,' but he's got a friend now, hasn't ho he's got me." Once more the strange sensation she felt overcame Hester's sense of reality. " Did he tell you his name?" Dolly stared at the eagerness of her grandmother's voice. " No, he wasn't quite polite ; he said little girls mustn't be curious." Dolly poured ; she felt ill-used. Hester leaned forward against the hedge, and at last she succeeded in seeing over it. There was not anyone on the green space below, and she looked back along the river bank to the barrier of grey pollard willows. While she stood looking a tall man came slowly from among the willows. He turned and called out to someone on the farther side of the Screen. He turned again, and now she c and see his face; she instantly draw back from the hedge, and catching light hold of Dolly's haul she hurried the child along the road. The rain was certainly some distance off, but she told herself she could not be mistaken she had seen Van Sitt! ' Whatover's the matter, grandmother ? What's frightened you, eh?" Hester looked ghastly with sudden panic; it seemed to her that Dolly's fisherman was simply a spy employed by her u'j-empu'ous neighbour, and that if the child had stayed longer beside the river she would have been kidnapped by the two man. What could she do? She was far more defenceless more than she had been at Milwntd; she wished herself safe at home again. But she could not think steadily as she hastened on. She feared anything that might distract her from her present pur- pose-that of reaching the hotel before Van Sttt appeared in sight. Dolly did not repeat her question to qniciueoS told For Here was something the matter ; but when they came near the end of the High Street, near the quaint bridge, she pointed out a small house on the left "That's where he lives, grandmother. I saw him go in the other day when I was out with Mary Preston. It's a pity his house is out of sight or I could watch for him from our window." She glanced up at her grandmother, who looked calm and grave, though she was staring very fixedly at the hotel across the river, for they had now reached the bridge. It seemed to Hester that the way was lengthening out, and that Van Sitt would overtake her before she reached home. At last her hand was on the gate, and she hurried D idly up the path and then up the steps into the entrance hall. The landlady was standing there, and she began to speak to Dolly, who was now very popular with everyone. MM. Beardmore said abruptly as she passed on to the staircase : " Please give orders, Mrs. Wood, that if any visitor calls on me, I am not at home." She took Dolly's hand and went upstairs, leaving the observant hostess lost in wonder at the change in the lady's manner and voice. Mrs. Wood shook her head. "There's something wrong there. I knew it wasn't the thing for a child like that to be taken travelling about without a nurse. I don't hold with eccentric goings on." CHAPTER XXXIX Two OLD FRIENDS. Van Sitt'a caution fled at the sound of his old friend's voice. He forgot his designs on Dolly in the sudden shock of this discovery, mastered by the danger he foresaw in a meeting between Hester and her husband ; this must be prevented at any coat. He had brought himself to believe in Beardmore's death, and on his way to Fairbridge, he had more than once told himself that his marriage with Hester was only a question of tact and time. He stood listening ; there was not a sound, except that made by the gnats as they hummed lazily over the water. All at once there was a splash, as if a fish fall into the river. Van Sites scattered wife came back to him. He pulled himself together and considered how he could best rid himself of this unlooked-for obstacle. The first point that came was a vital necessity-he mast at once induce his former friend to leave For bridge he had gathered from Dolly's talk that so far Hester did not of her husband's presence in the neighbourhood ; he must get Berdmore out of England without delay, and then he could carry out his own wishes with regard to Hester. He remembered now easy he used to find it to-persuade-Roger Beardmore's. do as he wished, and he told himself that a few years did not greatly change. a man's character. The point that troubled his suspicions mind was Beardmore's motive in coming to this sequestered place; he had not come in search of his wife, for he was already at For bridge when -she reached Was it possible that Hester knew and had come home to seek her husband P 11 suddenly occurred to him that Dolly and her grants ther might be on the road above, but even if they were they could only here a murmur of voices. He climbed up the bank, and peered as well as he could over the hedge; he could not see anyone along the road, it was possible they had gone on still farther. Held down the high steep bank and walked on to the pollard willows. In spite of himself he felt a little nervous about his reception. He coughed, then he OThistleii ; then pushing his way through the high waving grass, which so effect a ally screened the quiet nook, he saw the angler sitting on the ban?. He was charging rate fly on his line and he did not look up at Van Sitt's approach. Felix shrugged his shoulders. It was painful to him that a man who used to have plenty of cleverness should waste his time in such an occupation. " Poor devil I Ha looks down on his luck, and I suppose it has softened his brain ; however he catches his supper." Then he exclaimed :-? .' Why Roger, old fellow, who'd have dreamed of finding you in this out-of-the way place? It is you, oh, not your ghost ?" Roger Berdmore sprang up and stood looking full of surprise at his former friend. CHAPTER L. ROGER BERDMORE HEARS NEWS. " Shake hands, old fellow 1" Van Sitt spoke in the same hearty tone in which he had begun. " This is luck indeed. I have hunted for you everywhere in all sorts of places ; now and then I found a clue, but I lost all scent at last, and I gave you up." Berdmore allowed his hand to be passively shaken; but he looked grave as he answered in a dull voice, " I do not understand why you should care to see me. I am not a desirable acquaintance for you ; I have lost all taste for cards, even if I had any money to put on them ; you have nothing to gain by seeking my acquaintance. We are best apart, I think." His manner puzzled Van Sitt. It was as impressive as his words; it gave the impression that he was tired of life, and only wanted to be left to himself. "My good fellow, "there was a tone of patronage in Van Salt's voice; he looked scrutinisingly at Roger's, shabby clothes and his uncared for appearance, and he smiled as he recalled the jealousy he had once felt of the perfect dress and good looks, and the charming manner, which had, he considered, robbed him of Hester " we have all of us ups and downs ; I've had them, too, since you went away, but they have not secured me against my old friends ; come along, old chap, come over to Shrewsbury with me; this is a wretched hole nothing to be done here. Now that you have come back, you can soon get something to do if you wish for it " He paused ; he saw Roger's moustache quivering and he guessed that the man was thinking of his last home. A sudden idea came to him as be remembered Bordmorc's pride, the pride which made him leave Milward. "What are you going to do ? Are you in for employment or are you going to ask Mrs. Berdmore to take you back in Beardmore's face flushed ; he began to wind up his line, handing over the fishing rod so that his face was hidden from observation. Presently he said " I saw some time ago the announcement of a marriage between Dorothy and your son ?" Van Sitt understood that this was meant for a question.' Yes, that's an old story ; they married and died," he said abruptly, as if the subject pained him " their little story soon came to an end." Berdmore sighed. There was a long pause before he said " I did not think I should have out- lived my Dolly. Did she leave a child ?" " Yes. there's a child, she lives with Mrs Beardmore." Roger Berdmore tried to persuade himself that he did not wish for any family news, but this sudden announcement of Dorothy's death, and this mention of Hester unnerved him. He could not question Van Sitt about his wife, and yet he felt as if he must learn all he could about Dorothy's child. 'Is the little girl like her mother? I suppose you have seen her ?" In this moment of intense suspense it was strange to find himself wondering whether Hester had been reconciled to Van Sitt. " Oh. yes, I see her that is to say I see her when Mrs. Beardmore is in JbJogland." He had decided? while he listened to Berdmore, that he must not delay in crushing any hope of re-union with his wife that Roger might cherish. " Mrs. Beardmore is now abroad. I fancy Milward is shut up for an indefinite period. I shall be writing soon to Mrs. Beardmore ; shall I say I saw you ?" Roger seemed not to hear. To be continued next Saturday.) 