THE ESSENDON ELECTION. libel action against THE AGE. mb. morris claims £500 damages. In the County Court yesterday, before Judge Chomley nnd a jury of four, the action of Morris v. Symc was cootinurd. In this case William Morris, boot maker, of Bourko-street west, Mel- bourne, sued IJaviil Syinc, carrying on business as David Syme and Co., proprietor of The Aye no wspnjior, for £500 damages for alleged libels, maliciously published in connection with tlio plftiiitiff'n candidature in tho last Parlinmentaiy election at lOssendon. The words complained of — some of which were contained in reports of election meetings, some in letters and others in leading nrtioie --intimatod that Mr. Morris was practically running in ths iutercsts of Mr. M'Crackon, with a view of defeating Mr Deakin, ths Liberal candidate. Mr. Tlotchin (instructed by Mr. ft. W. Dickenson) appoarcd for ths plaintiff ; and Mr. l'urves, Q.C., and Mr. Coldham (instructed by Messrs. Gillott and Dates) represented ths defendant. The plaintiff's cross-examination was con tinued. By Mr. Coldham : Did Mr. Dawson, of Bar- wise-street, North Melbourne, wait upon you prior to the election in September last, and oak you to let tho issue between Conservatism and Liberalism be fought out by Messrs. Dcakiu and M'Cr'aoken? Witness : He called upon me, but did not use those words. \- Did you say you wore not a free agent in the matter, or independent? — I told him I was in dependent. Did you not say that had it not been that a friond had advanced you the deposit money you would withdraw from ths contest? — Certainly not. Did he urge you to withdraw?— Yos, but I told him I was jiledgsd to stand, and that if I withdrew voluntarily people would say I had been bought out. By Mr. Hotcbin : What was the general nature of Mr. Dawson's conversation? Witness : I met him one evening and asked him to come into my . committee room, he having promised to assist mo by every means in bis power Iio replied I am sorry I cannot do so. X have corns out to ask you to retire." I said, "This is strange conduct on your part. You promised to sujiport mi," Dawson said, "Yes, bat since then M'Cfacken has appeared in the field, and if you don't retiro the jiosBibility is M'Cracksn will get in." I replied," If such a terrible calamity threatens, why don't tho working men stick to me? If the Liberal party wants me to retire let it approach 1110 in n proper manner." You described yourself as a Socialist, but qualified the statemont. What is the most ex treme Socialistic view you hold?— I believe in the railways being under ths Government, but I don't believe in smashing up the individual. I believe all changes in politics should be gradual, and in a Socialistic direction. What about Mr. Deakin' promise on the land tax and the minimum rate of wage ? — He promised to supjiort the land tax, and X com plained that he voted with the party that sjioiled that principle In the Land and Income Tax Bill. I also complained that Mr. Deakin was never prcsonb when divisions were taken on tho minimum rate of wage question. Are you in n position to say that M'Callum, who advanced some of your deposit, was not conneoted with M'Craoken— that be was not a travolUr for M'Cracken's brewery? — Ho was never a traveller for the brewery. Was there any secrecy about yon receiving money from a member of Mr. M'Orackon's com mittee ? — None whatever. Was any request made to you by representa tive people fco retire from the contest?— Not until the day before the election, when Mr. Maloney, M.L.A., and Mr. Barker saw me on the subject. Edward Hughes, dealer, examined liy Mr. Hotohin, said : — I read the artioles that a|i- peared in The Aye and knew they applied to Mr. Morris. Mr. Hotchin : Do you know of any special circumstances which showed that tboy applied to Mr. Morris ? — I heard people say Mr. Coldham : I object to an individual state ment being mode, but I do not object if a public ebullition of feeling were shown. Mr. Hotchin : Was not some epithet applied to Mr. Morris ? Witness : Yes. His Honor : By how many people ? Witness ; A dozen. That is moroly individualism. Mr. Coldham : You read these articles, and yet voted for Sir. Morris ? Witness : Yes. Samuel David Wilkinson, painter and deco rator, said : I read the articles iu The Age and come to the conclusion that they applied to Mr. Morris, and concludod that the man was no good. Mr. Coldham objected to this as evidence, because it was merely a supposition on the part of oue individual. Mr. Hotchin said ho wished to show that the articles had anothor meaning in addition to thAt r/liioh the defendant said they bore. Ho.aiso wishod to tender evidence that a voce bad been lost to the plaintiff aud that ho was, therefore, outitlcd to special dninago. Mr. Coldham said the council for plaintiff asserted that his client lost 500 votes by The Aye articles, and in order to claim special damages must prove each vote to that number. His Honor held that he would have to prove the whole of the 500 votes said to havo been lost. By Mr, Coldham : Aro you a prominent poli tician in Essendon ? Witness : No. I am an enthusiast. . Do you consider Mr. David Syme as one of the stanchest supportersof Liberalism in the colony? — I did, up to the time I saw these article. (Laughter.) Stewart Bel), hair dresser, examined by Mr. Hotohin, said: — I was a sujiporter ef Mr. Morris. Mr. Coldham : What do you mean by support? Did Mr. Morris out your hair? Witness : No ; I cut his hair. (Laughter.) Then what do you mean? — That I was induced by these articles to withdraw my custom from 'Mr. Morris Stephen Barker, tailor and dyer, examined by Mr. Hotohin, said : — "lam connected with tho Trade nail, and take a prominent part in tlie Liberal j>arty I went to Mr. Morris, in company with Mr. Moloney, M.L.A., the night before the election. Iliad previously seeii Mr. Doakiu. . I afterwards saw Mr. Syine on the ' sHine day, with Mr. Maloney, in The Aye office. The conversation was with reference to the with drawal of Mr. Morris from the contest. I told Mr. Symo- that Mr. Maloney, M.L.A., aud I wero endeavoring to get Morris to withdraw. Mr. Syme said the idea was very good. Wo mentioned that wo had tried to sco Mr. Deakiu, but failed, aud Mr. Syme said he would tele graph to Mr. Deakin to meet them in Mr. Syme'n office at 6 o'clock in the evening for the purpose of considering the withdrawal of Mr., Morrfc. Mr. Maloney, Mr. Flyna and myself called again at The Aye office at 6 o'clock, when- -Mr Syme handed us a telegram from Mi. Deakin declining to have anything to do with tho matter of negotiating with Mr. Morris. Mr. Syme remarked — "I think it is a very itl- advinrd act." By Mr. Coldham j I saw Mr. Deakin early that day, and whon I asked him to urge Mr. Morris' to withdraw, he said he would have to consult three or four jirotnincnt members of his committee on the matter. Is there a Liberal party in existence? — Only in name. Wo want fco see a Liberal jiarty resusci tated from the ruins of the oue iu I'nrliament. One of the beat ways to resuscitate that putty is to prevent the Liberal vote being split by two candidates of the same political views contesting an clectiou ?— Yes. Your deeiro in moving in the matter was simply to briug both parties together, in ordor to arrange for the retirement of Mr. Morris ? — Ye. Do you regard Mr. Syme »s a prominent sup porter of the Liberal jiarty ?— I would not like to say yea or no. You would not undertako to prophesy liow long the Liberal party would live without the sujiport of The Aye ? — I am a very bad prophet (Laughter.) That journal has been, and is, a powerful advocate, of Liberal principle, and ns such an advocato is a power in the land ? — Yes. Would the fact of Mr. Morris going to the poll weaken Mr. Deakin and strengthen Mr. M'Orackon ?— I believe it would. Had you been iu Mr. Morris's position would you havo withdrawn ? — Yes. By Mr. Hotchin ; Do you consider that Mr. Morris was willing to withdraw from the con test? — Yes, if jiroperly ajiproached, Mr. Maloney, M.L.A., examined by Mr. Hotchin, auiil : I belong to the labor party in Parliament.- I sow Mr. Deakin on" the 19th September last— the day before tho election— and afterwards Mr. Morris. On the same day, in company with Mr. Barker and Mr. l'linn, I oalled upon Mr Symo at The Age offioe, la tnferonee to the Essendon election. Mr. Darker, who acted us spokesman, said it would be a pity to have the Liberal vote split up, and also rctnavked that we had called on Mr. Doakin in reference to tlm matter, and added that Mr. Morris was willing to withdraw and lcavo to Mr. Denkin'ti, committee tho question of paying Mr. Morris's expense#. Mr. Symo said he would telegraph to Mr. Deakin to meet them at The Ape office at 6 o'clock that evening to discuss tho matter. Mr. Symo said, "Tho matter reut sololy between Mr. Deakin and Mr. Morris." We then loft and returned at 6 o'clock. Mr. Syme was there, and produced a telegram frmn Mr. Deakin stating that his com mittee had finally decliucd to negotiate for Mr. Morris's withdrawal. Dy Mr. Coldhrun : How long havo you' been connected with political life ?— Sinoo 1889. I suppose that, like other politicians, you have got somo bard knocks from the news papers ? — Yea, and mauy of them wero unjust. Is tho Labor party a branch of the Liberal party ? — It is the advanced guard of the Liberal party. (Laughter.) In your opinion it is the party that stands on tho mountains, and upon which the early rays of the morning sun shines first? (Laughter.)— That is a poetical way of putting it. Do you consider Mr. Morris a shining light in this advanced guard? (Laughter.)— I consider liim a honest man. In what does an advanced Liberal differ from an ordinary one ?— An advanced Liberal is not afraid ef standing to a pledged platform, but tbo ordinary Liberal will not do so, (Laughter.) Oh, then it is not a question of views, but of sticking to them? (Laughter.)— I consider that a man who will sign a political platform will not depart from it so much or so readily as an ordinary Liberal (Laughter.) Ob, thcu in order to make sure of your ad vanced Liberal you've got to get his views in black and white. (Laughter.) Do you regard that as a necessary precaution to take in connec tion with an advanced Liboral?— I have signed such a platform. (Laughter.) When Mr. Morris stood against Mr. Deakin in 1892 it was a fight ou a distinct issue be tween a black and white Liberal and an ordi nary Liberal ? — Yes. You advanced £9 towards Mr. Morris's deposit money last year?— Yes. That was in accordance with a promise given in 1892. Do I understand you to say that, knowing Mr. Dcakin'8 politics, and those of Mr. Morris, you would- have advanced the money even if you bad not made the promise? — If itoame to n question of political views, I would have ad vanced the money. Did you at the last election contribute money to other candidates running against woll known Liberals ? — I don't cousider I am called upon to answer that question. Did you assist Mr. Tucker to stand against Mr. T. Smith for Emerald Hill? — I sent a cab to Mr. Tucker's assistance. Did you advance any money besides ? Witness, to liia Honor : Is that question perti nent to the issue ? His Houor : It is. Witness : Yes, I subscribed a small sum to Mr. Tucker's committee. By Mr. Ooldham : As an advanced Liberal, do you regard Mr. Symo as a Liberal ?— Ho is not so advanced at 1 would like him to be. Charles Cutler, builder and contractor, Flemington, examined by Mr. Purves, said J was actiug secretary to Mr. Deakin's commit tee nt the last election. In tho Doufcto Galla llotol I heard Mr. Morris say that ho matter where Mr. Deakin contested an election be would oppose hitn. At a meeting held tho same evening in the Moonoe Ponds town hall, Mr. Morris, in answer to a question, denied having made such a statement. Arthur Crichton, master baker, Kensington, examined by Mr. Purves, said At a meeting held outside Prout's Hotel, at Newmarket, Mr. Morris wasaaked if there wasany truth in a rumor that a prominent membor of Mr. M'Cracken's committee laid advanced portion of his deposit money, and MK Morris had replied that Mr. Prbut'had advanced him £24. Mr. Morris wos also asked if he was justified in coming forward to oppose a tried Liberal, seeing that the Liberal interest was jeopardised, and he replied— "One individual we know what he really is, and the other is a traitor, and I would sooner support Mr. M'Cracken than Air. Deakin." ByMr.;Hotcbin : Did Morris give nuy reasons for saying Mr. Deakin was a traitor? — No. He simply abused Mr. Deakin all the tinted ' H. Rogers, jobbing contractor, examined by Mr. Cokibam, said I remomber the meeting held outside Front's Hotel, and heard Mr. Morris say he got £24 from Mr. Prout, £9 from Mr. Maloney, M.L.A., and sundry pounds from other friends. At a' previous meeting Mr. Morris said ho was depending on tho laboring classes to find his deposit monoy, and the hat was sent round. Joseph H. Young, of Flomington, examined by Mr. Purves, said I wrote u letter to The Ape. in which I stated that Morris was standing merely for tho purpose of "spiteing" tho laboring classes, and I believe the same now. I asked him nt tho meeting at Prout's Hotel— "Do you think you are acting rightly by coining out ns a professed Libera! against such a well- known Liberal as Mr. Deakin, thereby jeopardising a Liberal seat, knowing you have not the ghost of a show ?"(Laughter.) I could get no answer to tho question, Mr. Morris simply contenting bimsolf with attacking Mr. Deakin. John Graham, examined by Mr. Coldhnm, said I wrote the letter published in The Ape on the 19th September, 1894, and the statements made therein are quite correct. Dy Mr. Hotchin : You say in the letter that Mr. Morris, took no intetcst in the Political Progressive League after the election. Did you not make a mistake inbelioving Mr. Hughes was Mr. Morris, and that aa a matter of fact Mr. Morris never attended the council of tho league ? — There is a good deal of difference in the appearance of the two men, and I made no mistake in their idontity. John Thompson, carrier, residiug at Fleming- ton, examined by Mr. Coldham, said After Mr. M'Cracken announced himself, Mr. Morris's secretary asked mo to take part in his meeting, and I replied that I could not, as I was afraid I would be in bad company. (Laughter.) I con sidered that Mr. Morris's candidature would endanger tho Liberal vote very considerably. Mr. Hotchin informed his Honor that hs pro posed to call rebutting evidence. Jorinh Front, landlord of tho Newmarkot Hotel, examined by Mr. Hotchin, said : I advanced £50 to Mr. Morris for the 1892 elec tion and £24 for that iu 1894. Some time before the deposit bad to be paid for the 1894 election I was called into ft room where Mr. Morris's committee sat, and told them that I had promised Morris I would assist him if lie were a few pounds short. 35y Mr. Purves : Do you supply all Parliamen tary candidates that come along with deposit money ? — Not always. "What aro your political opinions?— I don't know. (Laughter.) I suppose ic iB selling the cheapest stuff in tbe dearest market. (Laughter.) Soonor than not have a contest you would pay tho deposit money of two candidates. (Latightor.) As a member of Mr. M'Cracken's committee, do you think it was honorable to pay £24 towards tho deposit of Mr. Morris? — I don't think ho, hut I was only redeeming a promiso to Mr. Morris. Peter Houston, exnmtnod by Mr. Hotchin, said : Mr. Morris never said at the Ilaymarket Hotel that he would rather support M'Cr&ckon; .than Mr. Deakin. Edward Hughes, examined by Mr. Hotchin, said : 1 was present at tbe same meeting, and never heard Mr. Morris say anything of the kind. "William Morris, tbe plaintiff, recalled, denied that be over made such a statement. 1L T. Jordan, treasurer of the Melbourne Tramway Trust, examined by Mr. Hotchin, said : At one of Mr. Morris's meetings he attacked the views expressed by Mr. M'Cracken. By Mr. Purves : If you were ou Mr. M'Cracken's committee, and subscribed to Mr. lorris's deposit, do you think that would assist Mr. M'Cracken? — Certainly not. And the same would npply to Mr. Deakin, if you were on hi committee? — Yes. Alcxandor M'Cracken, brewer, examined by Mr. Hotchin, said : It is not true that Mr. Morris made the running for mo at the last election. Tms concluded the evidence. Mr. Purves, in addressing tbe jury, said it re quired no lengthened gpeeoh from him to show that the plaintiff had not been libelled by The Agt\ that bis aims and aspirations as one wbo sought to enter public life as a politician bad becu the subject of fair criticism on tbe part, not only of those who resided iu the electorate whom plaintiff sought to represent in Parliament, but by file great Liberal organ that represented the great mass of the peoplo of Victoria and an over whelming majority of the electors of Essendou and Flemington. It was needless to tell tho jury that thopulso of the colony was absolutely Liberal, and that nn important and responsible duty rosted upon The Aqc, as tho reoognised exponent of thoao Liberal views, to see that the Liberal phalanx was not weakened by tho intro duction into Parliament of men, the sincerity of whoso views and intentions was open to ques tion, and, therefore, to criticism. Had Mr. Morris, as a shoe makor, stuck to his last nobody would have questioned tho sincerity of his views ns a political student, but they were ustly quostionod when ho entered tho political arena in such a doubtful guise as to at once raise a suspicion in tlie mind of the electors that bis intention was not so much to get into Parliament liimsolf — bo knew that was impossible in a single-hauded contest against Mr. Deakin — but to Bplit tho Liberal vote, and so allow a Conservative to win a scat that bad years beforo been dedicated to Liberalism, and nt the same time to oust from Parliament a politician who would stand immeasurably higher than Mr. Morris, oven if he was possessed of greater gifts of learning, business acumen or political knowledge. For it must be remembered that in Mr. Deakin the plaintiff lmd to face a politician wbo bad for years been a prominent Liberal, bold important offices in different Governments, and bad been associated with movements that had brought his name prominently before the public mon of Euglnud and Americn. Hence the attempt, by ques tionable means, to oust bim from hiu seat by a device well known to old politicians, and speedily learned by neophytes, was tho subject of much controversy during tho last general election, nnd on which considerable advocacy was permissible, ao long as it did not ovorstop the bounds of fair criticism. When the electors heard that Mr. Prout, a leading member of Mr. M'Orackon's committee, bad advanced £24 towards Mr. Morris's deposit, they could como to no other conclusion than that political treachery was at work to defoat Libornlism iu that constituency. Even the plaintiff's own witnossos had to admit that splitting tho Liberal voto, ns Mr. Morris intended doing, would only endanger Mr. Deakiti's scat ; uud The Age, in putting the same view, merely spoke the truth with regard to ft belief that was uppermost in tho mind of every true Liboral. Becauso The Ape sought to protoct tho interests of the peoplo against a mnn who made Sunday hideous on tho Yarra-hank or Stttdley Park, and who was prompted to stand in thcLibcrnl interest by a supporter of.the Conservative candidate, tlmt journal was naked to console Mr. Morris for his dosorved defeat with a cheque for £500. It was preposterous. When even the plaintiff's witnesses admitted that Mr. Morris stood in tho forlorn hope that lie would slip into Parliament by npiitting- tho Liboral vote, who would say tho criticism of tbe journal was not fair and justifiable? No man of common sense would say that Mr. Morris, as a would-bo public man, had not been justly tro&ted.; A free press was one of the greatest privileges British people enjoyed, and without it British freedom throughout the world could not exist. If a newspaper was to bo trampled upon bcoause it failed to cross every "t" ordotovery "i "it would bo im possible for this British frocdom to exist ; but bo long as a journal fairly criticised the acts of publio men it should be protected and thanked by tbo community, especially if it preserved a constituency from the danger of elocting a man who would be false to his pledges and to his party. The court at this stage adjourned until 10.30 a.m. the next (this) day. 