COUNTRY NOTES. —°— On Thursday afternoon last Mr. Cle- mesha, acting gaoler of Braidwood Gaol, while at his front gate talking to someone, heard his little girl screaming from the back in an alarming manner. He ran to where he heard the child's voice, and found his wife there before him pulling up their little boy, a child 2 years old, on to the covering over the old well. The two children were playing, it appears, on the boards when some of them fell down the well and the little boy with them. His sister, with wonderful presence of mind for a child of 4 years, caught hold of him by the arms and held him up until her screams brought her parents to her assistance. The covering is an old one, but Mr. Clemesha says he had no idea it was in such a ricketty state. The well is 35 feet deep, with 15 feet of water in it. The little girl was on her knees holding up the boy, and it is almost in- conceivable how it was that she did not topple over with him. The wind is tem- pered to the shorn lamb, and the merciful preservation of this little one is an in- stance among many others which we see of the strength and determination to be found in a child. Word was sent into Mr. M'Kell, P.M., on Thursday that a fatal buggy accident had happened between Drysdale and Bil- lagoe (says the Cobar Leader). It ap- pears that a man named Sheridan with his wife and child were on their way home from Drysdale to Billagoe, when the vehicle in which they were driving came in contact with a stump. The force of the collision threw the occupants out of the buggy, with the result that the child was killed on the spot, while Mr. and Mrs. Sheridan received but slight injuries. A man named John C. Stewart, a groom on Hartwood Station, was drowned on Monday afternoon last in the Billabong Creek, near the homestead. Word of the occurrence was sent into Jerilderie, and Mr. J. D. Rankin, J.P., went down and held a magisterial inquiry the following day. From the evidence adduced at the in- quiry, it appears that deceased went to cross the creek to drive some cows back, but was dissuaded from crossing at one particular spot by a woman, who said it was swimmable there. He then rode further up the creek, and put his horse at the water again, and the first thing observed was that he was unseated, and struggling in the water, and holding on to the reins of the bridle ; but the horse broke away, and he then sank. The alarm was given, grappling irons were made, and the body recovered about 9 o'clock the same evening. It might be mentioned that had the deceased chosen he could have ridden across the creek on dry ground either above or below this hole, which is the deepest in the creek on the run. A verdict of accidental death by drowning was recorded. He was 26 years of age, and is supposed to have relatives living in Melbourne. News reached Yass on Saturday that a sad and fatal accident had happened that day to Miss Carey, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Carey, of Blakeney Creek. It ap- pears that deceased, who was about 16 years of age, was out riding in company with her brother, when a coat the boy was carrying fell to the ground. He at once dismounted to pick up his coat, and look- ing round saw his sister lying on the ground; he went to her, and finding she was insensible he called his father who was some distance away. On examination it was found that the un- fortunate young girl was quite dead, her neck having been broken by the fall. On Thursday the police received intima- tion from Tingha of a fatal accident which happened at The Ponds. It appears that Mr. Dan. Costello was driving a dray loaded with wash-dirt, and stayed to re- pair a rut on the road, the dray, in which a lad named Ryan, aged 7, was seated, going on in front. Costello soon after started to overtake the dray, but when he got close to it he found the boy lying on the side track in a dying condition, having apparently fallen out, and on to the hard road. The boy died soon afterwards, not withstanding that he received every attention. I A serious accident occurred on Friday at the Proprietary shaft, Mount Drysdale, but fortunately without fatal result. A man named Titus, while descending the shaft, was precipitated a distance of 20ft to the bottom, through the ladder being damaged by a previous shot. Three in- cised wounds on the head, at the base of the skull, and one rib broken, was the result. The man was at once taken to the Medical Hall, where Dr. H. G. Hobbs put in eight stitches and otherwise attended to the sufferer's injuries. There has been a large area of wheat under cultivation in the Young district this season. Some idea may be formed from the quantity passed through the Young Railway Station, which includes the platform at Monteagle, viz., 33,781 bags since December last. To this may be added the quantity purchased by the local mill, viz., 30,000 bags, or more. There is also more to come in. The rail- way people are busy, their returns being : Outward, 1239 tons; inward, 1927 tons, for the month. There is more wheat yet to come in. Mr. Green, late M.L.A., lets a good deal of his land for wheat on halves; about 8000 acres this year. Those taking it have not been so successful this year, neither the price nor the yield being so good this year as last. Some of the tenants were late getting the crop in, and were caught in the rain, thereby causing considerable loss. At a meeting of tenant farmers at Dun- gog it was resolved to ask the landlords for a rebate of half a year's rent on ac- count of the losses sustained through the late floods, and also to ask for a reduction of twenty per cent. in the annual rents. The rents have been considered too high on many estates since the bad times set in. Farmers are about to ask the Govern- ment to assist them with seed maize, potatoes, &c.;, many having lost every- thing by the floods. One evening last week, after darkness had chased away the twilight, it was noised abroad at Yamba that there was a ghost in the vicinity of the Post Office, dressed in dazzling whiteness, and it was said that occasionally it would dart out at timid passers-by from a thicket, uttering a shout, and then quietly retire (says the local Advocate). Not a few people, in cluding some young ladies, received a shock from the eccentric behavior of the apparition, and in due course Constable Redmond bore down that way to investigate. The ghost menacingly appeared as usual, but the man in blue cloth became a little sceptic as to its genuineness, and pounced upon it. The 'spook' did not de- materialise, so the constable tore sway the ghastly covering, which it was found con- sisted of a couple of white sheets, and thus revealed the human frame of one named Edward Welsh, who appeared a little agitated at thus being discovered playing his joke. To prevent a recur- rence of this behavior the officer adminis- tered a dose of 'blue paper,' in answer to which the offender appeared at the Mac- lean Police Court, when the bench fined him 10s and 4s 10d costs, just as a reminder that they were of opinion such foolish pranks should be suppressed. Strange to say, however, the charge was one of riotous behavior, although the con- duct complained of was in the line of a practical joke. V— ? 