The Prospector's Fate. A MYSTERY OF THE DESERT. t ?? j HAT veteran, Colo 1 /~^ fli nel Whiteiieaid is a ?jwj&l; I » story- teller -from jSjfr?|0*Jj|\ way back and has jj,^rI0 a reputation as a ^^VWV raconteur that |gj^&|||P! spreads over a *g8fiBKS||ap!Si dozen Western ^!ff^^^ __ States and Terri tories, and from the. waters of the Atlantic to those of the Pacific. He has had in numerable f.h-rfHing ad. ventures, both in war and in peace, and when in the proper humor ie. will spin yarns of the most absorbing interest by the hour. One story that he related as we were jogging along behind, the mules on a recent .trip to the undoubted gateway of sheol (Le., the sulphur banks of Kern County) is so uncanny and strange that I will venture to re peat it, . Some three years ago (said the colonel) I was engaged in making a survey from Rogers, on the Mojave Desert, to Antioch. We had made rapid progress toward Fort Tejan Pass, and it became necessary to check up the line, measuring dis tances from. Government corners, that the road might 'be accurately located upon the filing map. This work was assigned to an odd genius, whom I will call ' Buck,' a man past 65, as tough as a knot and as wicked as a pirate. Frequently he would set his rieketty old transit with the lens wrong end to, and after trying to locate the flag for fifteen or twenty minutes he would discover his error, and then such swearing as he in dulged in ia rarely heard outside the forecastle of a man-of-war. I some times ftVn-nV the strange manifestation which I am about to relate to you might have been due to Buck's pro fanity. Certainly, if man can have power to summon spirits, evil or good, from the nether world Buck ought to have had that power in no smftll measure. 1 began the inspection of the sur vey preparatory to the right-of-way work, starting at Rogers, a desolate station on the A. and P. road, on the borders of an immense dry lake. We made our first camp some fifteen miles ?west of that point. The regular sur vey camp was at this time near Gor man's Station, under the shadows of Mount Frazier. Our camp was a rude settler's cabin, and near it was a shack barn with a, little hay stored in it. A well of fairly good water close by made a comfortable camp a possi bility. It was late in October, and the water had risen near the surface in the 'bed of the dry lake. We had eaten our supper the first night out, and were having a quiet smoke, look ing out over the desolate expanse of desert toward Lancaster, a station on the Southern Pacific-road some * twenty-five or thirty miles to the south- west. Buck had been enter taining us with yarns about ghosts that he insisted haunted an old mining camp near Owens Lake, and was inclined to feel hurt because I laughed at his tales. When darkness came on and only the outlines of the gaunt mountains across the desert were discernible in the starlight, Buck of a sudden said, ' Colonel, I never thought an engine headlight could be seen bo plainly at Lancaster.' . ? . ' Nor did I,' Tvas my reply, . as I saw close to the ground at a distance difficult to estimate, a round, strange colored light or ball of fire, very like a locomotive headlight. A moment's watching, however, soon convinced me that the light was erratic in its movements, and was nothing more or less than a grand, display of the 'ignis fatuus' or will 61 the wisp, something- X had seen many times at the ends of the spars or mastheads of a- ship at sea, but never on land or in such magnitude. I. said to -Buck: /' It's no headlight. It's one of your ghosts come to convince me of the truth of your stories. He turned white as a sheet and grasped me by the arm, saying, 'It's coming dead for us, sure as 'weiive,' .'..' And so it was; dancing up and -down it came nearer and nearer. I must confeBs it made even me a. trifle -nervous, while as for Buck he evi dently took my joke about the ghosts in dead earnest and was completely panic-stricken. '* For God's sake i' he cried, ' Let us get out of this,' and was on the point of jumping up and Running off Into the- desert, when all of a sudden tHe light disappeared and ?;was seen no.morg^iliai! n%h-t-;.^.' '; '. .-Jjf; 1 Buck finally quieted down, though i I could Bee by {Jua iiervouBiie»8 iana ''' ?;';;; 'r-:.,/*3/-'.'ir;' r;':,'v'i\ frequent quick glances in the dixeo* tion in which the light had appeared that he was still in dread of its re appearance. I discussed the matter with 'hiir^ for hours, trying to explain the real nature of the phenomenon, and that no possible harm could come of it. But he -would not have it that way, and all that I coqjLd say did not in fluence his superstitious dread of the strange appearance. 'ColoneL' he said, 'it's a hoodoo. This railroad scheme and its pro moters will die suddenly, sure 1 ' I laughed at, his - fears, and we laid down to rather a restless night. The work in this section was not com pleted next day in time to return to the main camp, and half a dozen times in the coarse of the work Buck spoke about the u ghosts,' as he per sisted in calling the phenomenon, and he was even more muddled than usual in his manipulation of the transit. Finally his slowness caused Tngh-fr to come on before our task was com pleted, and we therefore returned at dusk to the same camping-place as the night before. After we had eaten supper Buck said : ' Colonel, I never want to see that in fernal light again. Ghosts or no ghosts, if s no good and no luck will., come of it' The words were scarcely out. of his mouth when, apparently not more than a hundred yards away, the huge ball of fire, appeared like a flash, dancing up and down and seemingly coming -dead toward us. Now Buck became almost beside himself with terror. 'Let's go, and the quicker the better,', shouted my now thor oughly-alarmed companion, but sud denly as on the previous night, the light vanished. Buck then recovered some portion of his equanimity, and though he was still anxious to return to camp I finally pursuaded \\\\\vn there was danger that we would lose our way if we ventured out on the desert after dark, while if we remained there was nothing to be afraid of. Neither ; of us slept much, however, for I must confess I had a sort of ' creepy' sen sation myself, and -we were up early next morning, completed our work and got an early start back to camp. While we were on the road Buck said — ' Colonel, I don't want to dis courage you, but the people who are at the head of this scheme to build a competing railroad -will die suddenly and this work will stop. In fact, I wouldn't wonder if you and I both went over the range with them to keep them company. But they are going, sure !' , ' How little you know,' I replied, and I could say no more, as my backers were then unknown. Now let me tell you the strange sequel. The very same week that Buck made his prediction the Barings failed. Early in November Henry D. Minot, the leading spirit and financial head of the enterprise, was killed in a railroad accident while returning from Washington, D.C., where he had concluded the purchase of General Beale's ranches in every detail, save the passing of the papers and paying the money, the intention having been to subdivide that immense estate of 264,000 acres. ' On thanksgiving day of the same month came orders to close the work, discharge everybody, and break camp. The following year Allan ManveL president of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe road, died after a brief illness, he having been the second backer of this great enterprise, and soon followed the death of Mr. Ma goun of the great banking-house of Baring, Magoun, and Company, the third and last of the promoters of a rival railroad to the Southern Pacific system.' ' What became of Buck ?' I asked as the colonel paused. ' Buck P Just read that clipping,'* and the colonel took from his pocket book a worn bit of newspaper and handed it to me. It read as follows : . Bagdad, Colorado Desert, January 15, 1889. — An old prospector and surveyor known as ' Buck ' Pomeroy disappeared mysteriously from his camp at this place three days ago, and no trace of \\\\\\-m has been found. He was in company with two friends, and was apparently in. good health and spirits. They all retired as customary early in the evening, but in the morning Buck was missing, and diligent search has failed to find him. -He went away just as lie was rolled in his blankets — barefooted and. half -dressed. One of the men said he thought he heard Buck's voice in the night saying something About some ghosts being after him, but he thought it was a dream, and so paid no at tention to it. Buck has evidently joined that innumerable caravan of men whose bones whiten the remote sections of the desert, and willdoubt? leBs remain forever without burial. I folded up the clipping and re turned it to the colonel. He put it back in his' pocket- book without ft word. S. F: GALE. ' 