A Lady's Letter from London. LONDON, July 26. London is now swarming with Americans. The streets and shops are still full of women intent on the buying of clothes, but the high-pitched nasal voices are not those of our English women. Paris is no longer the favourite shopping ground of our cousins from over the water. Of late years they have been able to supply their wants more cheaply in London, and find the goods here quite upto date in Btyle and variety. No doubt all good AHlcritJaUS gu tu luno vvueu uitj w«s, uuu u» av..^ as their'piirses control their movements they spend more time in London. There would be little busi - ness doing here now by dressmakers and milliners if there were only our own countrywomen to be supplied, but Americans come in most conveniently juBt at the end of the season. I have seen some charming gowns prepared for them at my dressmaker's. One was an Organdie muslin, white, with a blurred pattern iu black running over it, made up over a bright rose silk. It had endless frills of black muslin, edged with narrow white lace, and a broad rose-coloured sash in satin ribbon. J'he ? old way of tying a sash, straigLt round the waist with a large bow behind, is again in favour— always a most becomiiig style, I think, unless the waist is more than commonly large. A skirt of pale blue cloth of the finest make is to be worn, with a bodice of blue pleated silk, having a yoke of blue passementerie over pink silk, and elbow sleeves of shot blue and pink_ chiffon. A fine grass cloth, made up over green silk, has a deep collar of embroidery lined with pink, and straps and waistbelt of pink ribbon. There were several gowns of a more serious nature, but equally charm ing. One was- a bright-blue serge with an Eton jacket edged with tiny gold buttons worn over a full white cloth vest ; the jacket and Bkirt were edged with two rows of white braid, one about half an inch wide, and laid on quite plainly ; the other very narrow and arranged in groups of little curls at intervals. A navy alpaca had its bodice turning down in square tabs, lined with red, from a yoke in finely tucked brown lawn, or grass cloth, a broad red ribbon being tied round the collar with a wide outstanding bow at the back. A white spotted muslin trimmed with quantities of butter coloured insertion and edging in Valenfciennes lace took me back in memory about five and twenty years. The millinery, however, that was prepared to accompany these gowns belonged in no way to the past which had come within my ken. It was all strangely fearfully new as millinery, although much of it reminded me ot elabora'e Russian salads that I used to prepare when I attended the South Kensington cooking classes. Bowe, feathers, wings, lace chiffon, vegetables, fruit, flowers, weeds, and diamond buttons or brooches— all may be applied promiscuously and freely. Description is hopeless, but nevertheless the effect is often very becoming. New York ladies have a decided affection for outre styles, and I am sure that no head-gear could be too extravagant to be pronounced ' cunning ' or ' stunning ' by them. Since I last wrote rain and wind have been the order of the days. Rain was so much needed that we cannot be too thankful for it. The threatened water famine is averted, the demons of typhoid and diphtheria are once more regarded as nightmares, to be avoided by ordinary care ; green peas have ceaBed to resemble bullets, and salads are f reeh and enjoyable. But the mud in our West-end streets ! After a good heavy downfall to cross the road is a really serious undertaking, and one feels that temporary bridges ought to be erected. The city, where men ohiefly congregate, is fairly clean what ever the weather may be, but the west-end is as muddy 'as country lanes would be, and our boo' s and skirts are damaged accordingly. One of the disadvantages of a long drought is that it ruins umbrellas. After having beeu folded up along time without use they are apt to split down the folds the first time they are required. The hot weather, too, disagrees with macintoshes, and, alto gether, having had had some months of sunshine, we feel quite unprepared for our customary climate. However, it is not always unpleasant to be forced to buy new things, and as umbrellas have changed their build since I last indulged, I am glad that, with a free conscience, I can give away one that now looks clumsy, and replace it hy a slim, elegant paxapRu'e that is perfectly up?todate. It seems wonderful how they are made to fold into so small a compass, for the new umbrellas look . little stouter than an ordinary walking-stick. In these days it is curious to note how closely the fashion of our undergarments follows that of our frocks. A nightdress that had not full sleeves and a deep collar, with plenty of frills, would look a very antique affair. The newest chemises and combi nations too have, instead of the tiny shoulder- straps that served as sleeves, quite full puffs, caught in with embroidery bands. Except at the waist, which no woman at any time wants to. make larger lhan she need, ample material is used. Puffs and lucks are let in across the bust, and Valenciennes lace is used as abundantly as on dresses. Every thing is made to be less durable but more effective than formerly. It is quite to be understood how it is that good laundresses make such fortunes. So much « getting up ' is required that skilled hands can charge almost what prices they like, and the weekly washing bills become more and more ruinous. Unfortunately the more skilled the laun dresses are with irons and gophering tongs, the more reckless they seem to be aVout destroying the Mabrics with 'chemicals. It is ir.. st trying to a careful housekeeper to have to provide sheets and pillow flips prettily trimmed with frills or lace, and em broidered monograms, el torately worked toilet i loths, and towels made decorative in a way that our grandmothers would have thought terribly extrava gant, and yet to know that in a year or two they will be utterly destroyed. I have a good deal of household linen ii^tf that is more than a hundred yean old, but it ii a positive burden to me, because I dare not use it. At present it is quite strong and good, but I know that two or three visits to a London lauudiy of the present day would make it perfectly rotten, and the linen is of such exquisite quality that I have not the heart to condemn it to prompt destruction. Besides I fe:4 as if the ghosts of my ancestresses were insisting on my taking care of it ; so there it wili lie till I hand it over to the - next generation, and let them ' wrastle ' with the ghosts. No doubt the new woman will be free from all sen timental scruples, and consult her own. convenience only. The electioneering civil war has come to an end, and it is now to be hoped that, before long, some other subject of conversation besides politics will become possible. How we have changed our .ways since the earl-est elections that I can remember ! Now each party contents itself with scornful abuse of the other, and bribery and corruption, if they exist at all, have to be kept thoroughly in the back ground ; then personal violence was resorted to promptly, and corruption was barefaced in its bold ness. One of my earliest recollections is of an election which seemed to me a time of unspeakable horror. I lived iu a small country town, where the warlike spirit lingered long after it had been sub dued elsewhere, and polling days were considered suitable occasions for the rival factions to test their strength by a free fight The free and independent electors did not profess to have any opinions of their own, but beer and fear of getting into trouble with their landlords or employers made them as stanch adherents to a party as it' they had had the deepest convictions. Those who had no votes could use violence to prevent the enemy from voting. The following is a genuine bit or an address of the man who represented us in Parliament for many years — or rather was supposed to do so— as a matter of fact he rarely troubled the House with his presence. ' Electors of ? . — I understand that some evil disposed rascal has been circulating a report that I wish my tenants and others dependent on me- to vote according to their consciences. Be not deceived This is a dastardly lie, calculated to iujure me seriously. I nave no such wish. I wish and intend that all these persons shall vote for me.' And all ' these persons ' did invariably vote for him, or they would have been turned out of their farms anl houses without any doubt. Moreover, they used to mount the r horses and ride into the town in triumph from the north 'side, well knowing that from the south a small army of pitmen, unmounted, but armed with dangerously heavy sticks, would come to meet them. Just in front of our house, ou ' The Cross ' (a meeting of four streets, where Peter the Hermit is said to have been dismembered), the battle that I remember took place. Former ex periences led to the bairicading of our house. Bolt; and bars and shutteri, which were never needed atany other time, were made use of then. My brothers, who were then at the mischievous schoolboy age, had mysteriously disappeared, and in an agony of 'tlread lest they should have been locked out in the stre:t I crept on to the roof, meining to look through the stonework of the balustrade and tee if they were visible among the fighting crowd below. There on the roof I found the young rascals, not iu any danger as I had feared, but enjoying themselves mightily when all well- disposed people were in the greatest trouble and alarm. They had somehow amassed a store of addled and rotten eggs— some of them even turkey's eggs— and were taking the opportunity, when the warfare below waged too fiercely for any eyes to be cast upwards, to ' place ' them well among the crowd. I stayed there long enough to see a struggling mass of men and horseB, one man's head dashed against the opposite wall, so that he fell like a log, and another man's arm broken wheu I cried out so loudly that the boys thought they would be discovered, and their game stopped, so they conducted me to my bedroom, and left me there in a state of collapse. I heard afterwards that the railings in the streets, and even the paving stones, were torn up and used as missiles oh that memorable occasion If cycling for ladies goes on increasing in popularity at the rato it has been: doing lately, we shall soon, all of us, young and old, be careering about on wheels. Women cyclists, being more prudent than men, do not seem to come to grief very frequently, but the World gives an account of a most absurd accident that happened to one in Batter&ea; Park last week:—' A lady, famous for the smartness of her appearance, rode into the park behind a water cirt, and, findiug the road inconveniently crowded, continued to pedal slowly along behind that vehicle, which, it is : need less to say, was not in active operation. Sud denly the driver applied his foot to the lever, and out spouted the water. The lady tried to turn quickly, but her bicycle slipped on the wet road, and down she came, in such a position as to obtain the full benefit of the cold water douche. A pedestrian, horrified at the accident, shouted to the driver, who at once brought the cart to a standstill. This only made matters 'worse, for, being unconscious of what had happened, he continued to keep the water pouring on his victim, and several seconds elapsted before the enormity of his offence could be explained to him. The moral of which is that cycliBts should beware of watercarts.' To turn from the frivolous to the serious-minded new woman, Miss Jessie Edwards has come out head of the M.A. list issued by the London University in the subject of mental and moral science. Women also took the highest places in the mental and moral sciences Tripos at Cambridge this year. Mrs. Robert Crawshay, who is always a popular hostess, has introduced a new attraction at her parties. She has inaugurated aristocratic baby shows. The first prizes were given to Angela Mil dred Baling, daughter of Lord and Lady Ash burton, and Dermot Browne, son of Lord and Lady Castlerosse. Mrs. Beerbohm Tree's baby won a prize for ' souud and sufficient teeth.' Woman suggests that a medal should be given to every ' smart ' mother who knows her own baby by sight. . .___ ? ' ' ' 