Dr. Parker, and the Pope. BB. JOSEPH PABKEB bas addressed the fol- lowing answer to. the Pope in reply to the recent letter of his Holiness : " Holy Father.-As your most gracious letter to the people of England deeply touched my heart and drew forth my beat feelings towards your Holiness, thia muBt be my reason for attempting the otherwise presumptuous task of endeavouring to make some personal reply to your gracioua over- tures. AB to its dignity, its spiritual fervor, and its pastoral solicitude, the letter can- not but be regarded as in every aspect worthy of the illustrious Pontiff of the Roman Church. In the name of God Almighty and His only Son Christ Jesus, whom we in common humbly adore and strive, though in extremest weakness, to serve, I ask to be permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral so strong in large minded desire and so tender in simple and affecting pathos. "Your Holiness will not disdain the approach of a solitary Protestant pastor, working within the lines of English Non comformity, who adores the Incarnate Son of God as the Eternal and Only Head of the Church redeemed by His moBt precious blood and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation under heaven. " If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrious learning and still more illustrious piety, and to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splendor, I know not to whom I could more unreservedly offer my humble tribute than to your Holi- ness. But when I seek to satisfy an infin- itely larger responsibility and to express au infinitely deeper .? faith, I turn to the living Lord of the Church who permits me, by the unspeakable condescension of His grace, to " commune with Him in penitence and lowli- ness of heart. I know no Head of tho Church but the crucified and ascended Christ. I know no real and lasting union but the indwelling of the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with the Eather and Son. I obey no authority but the Word and Rulo of Him qui est imago Dei invisibilis, primo genitus omnis creaturae ipso est ante omnes, et omnia in ipso constant. " Holy Eather, if this were a merely per- sonal matter, I could hardly forgive myself for seeking to approach a presence so august; and so venerable, but inasmuch as you have appealed to all sections of the English people upon questions which affect the very standing of the soul before God, I have emboldened myself to bear witness to the Headship of the Blessed Christ and to decline communion with any man or any , Church that would officially or prescriptively come between me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with presumption in assuring his Holiness that thia is substantially the position of all Protestant English Christ- ians. . ~ " It has been my most solicitous desire to express myself in terms of reverential courtesy towards the personal dignity of your Holiness, and, if possible, my still intenser desire to make it clear that Protes- tantism is neither a prejudice nor a whim, but a deep and unchangeable expression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards as the will of the Triune God. . " I pray you, Holy Father, not to despise me as a heretic, but to regard me as one who daily desires to know and exemplify the truth as it is in Jesus. As I wish to appear before your Hoi inessa in my true colours, it may be right that I should add that tho Archbishop; of Canterbury would disallow the validity of my 'orders' as distinctly as your Holiness would sceptically regard the Archbishop's pretensions. Never- theless, it ÍB my supremest joy to believe that by the spirit of God factus Bum minister secundum donura gratiae Dei, quae data est mihi secundum operationem virtutis ejus. -? With nil personal homage, your. Holiness's humble servant, JOSEPH PAEKEB. 