CURRENT LITERATURE. Historical Records of New South Wales. Vol. III. Hunter. 1796-1799. Edited by F. M. Bladen, Barrister-at-Law, Sydney : Charles Potter, Government Printer. 1895. Some uncertainty prevails regarding what is known as the Official History of the colony, but the preface to the first volume, of the Historical Records, which is reproduced here, should make matters clear so far as the present volumes are concerned. It was pointed out in that preface that while the second volume of the History was in progress it was considered desirable to make a change in the plan. "It was determined," we read, "that while the publication of the History should go on the records themselves .... should be printed in full, in separate volumes." This is the work that Mr. Bladen has in hand, and, judging from the way this batch of records is presented, his labours are likely to be of admirable service to the historian of the future, while at the same time they somewhat forcibly suggest how inadequate the labours of such a worker would be without them. This volume includes the public documents having reference to the period indicated, in Hunter's administration. They give, in that graphic way that nothing else can, the atmosphere of the period and the true touch of the time. Here are private letters and State papers, journals of explorers, and reports of trials in the primitive course of the day, convict records, Government and general orders, and a mass of such other documents as can help to throw light on the condition of the settlement in the closing years of the last century. And a curious and interesting picture is that which these old records disclose. It is a story of quarrels between the Governor and the officials, of the trading and distilling propensities of the officers, of the horrors of convict ships elucidated before the tribunals at Sydney, of the enterprise of Bass and Flinders, of the ceaseless interest of Sir Joseph Banks in the settlement, of Captain John Macarthur and the earlier stages of the events which led later on to the deposi- tion of Bligh, of the Rev. Samuel Marsden, of the gentleman-convict Sir Henry Hayes, of Norfolk Island and the New South Wales corps, of early settlers like Suttor, of the tribulations of the " Scotch Martyrs," and of the social and moral condition of the community which then clustered about the head of the Tank Stream and in the vicinity of Rosehill. A strange and colourful story it all makes, throwing a lurid light on many persons and circumstances of those early days, and oddly discounting some of the impressions formerly existing regarding some of those persons and circumstances. The once commonly received judgments of Captain John Macarthur, which made him a hero and a patriot of the Pym and Hampden order, have been revised of late years, but it is interesting to read what these ghosts of the past have to say about him. Hunter arrived in September, 1795, and before the first quarter of next year was half over we find him engaged in a quarrel with Macarthur, who at all times seems to have proved himself a contentious and pertinacious correspondent. Hunter began by reposing in him a confidence "uniformly conspicuous in every respect." By the following September we find him reporting to the Duke of Portland that he had to forbid Macarthur's interference, with other departments besides his own, and describing his conduct in one instance as "an impertinent, indirect, and highly censurable interference" with the Governor's duty. Then there is a long letter in which Macarthur attacks Hunter's administration. Next month Hunter complains to the Duke of the rapacity of the officers, and of how they practised every means to frustrate his endeavours to correct their tricks and remove bad customs. They "continually thwarted" him, he says, and encouraged worthless characters into a state of resistance. In June next year Hunter writes to Under-Sec- retary King, of Macarthur, that "there is not a person in this colony whose opinions I hold in greater contempt than I do this busybody's." Under specious and plausible opinions, he went on, this man concealed interested motives; and he charges him with being dangerously concerned in the ruinous liquor traffic which made such a pandemonium of the settlement in the early days. In 1798 the Governor is found describing Macarthur again as "a man who has employed the whole of his time in this country in sowing discord and pinching himself by means truely disgracefull in my opinion." Marsden complains, too, of Macarthur's "violent and shameful attacks " on himself, and on the whole the gallant captain's activity does not seem to have met with that contemporary appreciation which later historians have exhibited. The voyage of a convict-ship of the period was an experience of horror. Sometimes the soldier- guard mutinied and made away with the ship, sometimes it was turned into a floating hell by the vices and unchecked cruelties of those in charge. The report of the trial of a certain Captain Dennott throws some light on what such a voyage might be like. The defendant brought out the Britannia in 1799. There was a conspiracy to take the ship, and he was charged with having killed six convicts on the voyage, one being a woman, who jumped overboard. For this the captain was censured by the Court, which held his conduct to be "imprudent and ill- judged." The proceedings are also given here in the case of the Barwell, on board which ship some soldiers of the New South Wales corps mutinied and conspired to capture the vessel. Some of the records relating to Bass and Flinders are interesting. In a letter from the Governor to the Duke of Portland, in June, 1797, we find him giving an account of the finding of coal by the former on information given by a shipwrecked crew. The journal of Bass, in which the discovery of Bass's Strait is described, with his whaleboat voyage, is also given in full. The name of Sir Joseph Banks is continually cropping up. Here is the letter in which he re- commends George Suttor as a settler. It shows the interest Banks took in the concerns of the infant colony, to read a memo, hero noting the particulars of the circumstances under which this typical early colonist ventured on his antipodean experiment. But it is only one of many instances. His name is often in evidence, when Hunter sends him samples of seeds or of the newly-found coal, or when King sends him specimens of native plants, or when he is interesting himself in colonial exploration, or in certain convicts or free settlers, or expressing his staunch belief in the future of the colony. At one time he even seems to have thought seriously of removing "myself and my family to your quarters," as he wrote to Hunter, to "ask for a grant of land on the banks of the Hawkesbury." But that was at the time of the French wars, when Pitt ruled, Fox grumbled, and the French beat all whom they attacked, as he wrote in this letter. At another time we find him submitting an offer from Mungo Park to explore the Australian interior, and though the Government seemed at first to view the proposition favourably the reason why it was not carried into effect is not apparent from these records. Referring to his services to the colony Mr. Bladen has some judicious remarks. "Hitherto," he says, " the obligations of this country to Sir Joseph Banks have not been generally recognised;" but he goes on to show how these papers put him in the position of the colony's zealous and indefatigable advocate, to whom the British Government looked for advice in matters of detail, who practically appointed Governors and recalled them, and by whom no trouble or expense was regarded as too great if it enabled him to advance the interests of New South Wales. Light is thrown by these records on many names connected with the early days. Among these are those of Surgeon Balmain, after whom the Sydney suburb of that name is called ; Richard Atkins, the Advocate-General ; Barring- ton, the reformed pickpocket ; D'Arcy Wentworth, father of the founder of the constitution ; Ensign Brabyn, afterwards lieutenant, whose papers have thrown much light of recent years on the colony's early history ; George Caley, the naturalist and botanist sent out by Banks ; Grose, the Lieutenant-Governor ; Isaac Nichols, whose notorious trial occupies a good amount of space here ; and Surgeon White, who passed out- spoken criticism on the state of some of the convict ships on their arrival in the colony. It would be impossible to reproduce the references to these persons here, but the mention of the names may direct the attention of readers interested in the subject. The story of the "Scotch Martyrs" pieces itself together here after a fashion. Those were Palmer, Margaret, Gerald, Skirving, and Muir. Muir escaped in an American ship, and Gerald died soon after landing. There is much discussion of the legal effect of their sentences, and Mar- garot having claimed his freedom from Grote, received a letter in reply in which he was some- what brusquely informed of his position. "Instead of the President of 6000 persons, whom you boast to have harangued," wrote Grose, "you will now consider yourself as the convict from whom humility is expected, and to whom very little ceremony will be used if the least propensity to disturb the peace of this place is over discovered." "Rest assured," added the Lieutenant-Governor, "that I have not the smallest doubt, neither shall I have the least hesitation, of forcing as much good order from you as from any other prisoner in the place." Portland's letter, which is given here, instructs the Governor emphatic that they must serve their full sentences, and in reply to a memorial of Muir, Palmer, and Skirving, in 1795, the Minister informed Hunter next year that it was his duty to help them in detention. The extraordinary adventures of Muir after his escape from the colony are well known, and the whole episode of the detention of these men is an interesting sequel to one of the most important causes in the Scottish Courts. Mr. Bladen's remarks on the character of Hunter and his relations with the officials and with the military officers seem to show a balance of judgment on his part against the Governor. He says that Hunter's language is intemperate in places, that he showed want of firmness and lack of decision, and that the abuses he complained of were assignable to this clause. But it is quite open for the reader to conclude from the evidences Mr. Bladen puts before them that this is a harsh verdict on Hunter. It is admitted, indeed, in another place, that had his advice as to the chang- ing of the garrison periodically been taken the disturbances which culminated in the deposition of Bligh would not have occurred There is enough in those papers to show the characters of the men with whom Hunter had to deal, and the nature of his difficulties may be gathered from the circumstance that they showed themselves powerful enough to procure his recall. All this part of the story is of considerable historical interest, and the judgment shown in publishing the record in this way is made clearly manifest. Mr. Bladen does his part of the work with unobtrusive efficiency, his references and method are easy to follow, and the material is presented in a way likely to be of service either to the student or to the historian. There are some copies of old charts in the volume, and a copious index at the end, by means of which reference is considerably facilitated. 