AUSTRALASIAN ITEMS. ,As5 year criminal prosecutions by Fe Crown cost New Zealand £12,365, made up as follows :-Fees to Crown solicitors and prosecutors, £3568; expenses of witnesses, £7246; pay ment of jurors, £1551. Coolgardie itself comprises about 13,500 square miles; East Coolgardie, 16,700 square, miles; North Cool gardie, 39,000 square miles; and Est Murchison, 56,000 square riles. In order to encourage the export of poultry, rabbits, pork, and lamb to the English markets freezing cham bers have been erected at the produce export dep8t at Port Adelaide, and will be available on September 3. A peculiar discovery has been made at Axe Creek, Bendigo. Whilst uprooting the vines affected by phyl loxera, the workmen found that fully 30 different vines had sprung from one mother plant through under ground layering. In the dark hours of morning a young man'was recently wending his way homewards, past the disused burial-ground in. Campbell-street, Hobart,. when he saw a tall, white robed figure stalking among the tombs. He did not run away, but " went for" the ghost, only to find it was a young woman in her robe de chambre, and in a sound sleep ! While meditating as to what was to be done, he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sort of way. Explana tions followed, and it came out that the ghastly-looking figure was the ' wife • of a respectable artizan, who, missing her from his side, rose from his bed and went to look for her, and found her wandering in the gloomy necropolis. A needlework guild has been ini tiated in Wellington (N.Z.) by Lady Glasgow, established for the purpose of the collection and distribution of clothes to the poor. Lady Glasgow is president. The South Australian Minister for Agriculture is arranging for a some what extensive shipment of produce with a view of testing the Eastern markets. The shipment will leave by the steamer Menmuir on Saturday. A conference of senior inspectors of State schools and the officers of the E*ducation Department was held in Melbourne on Saturday morning in connection with the compilation of a Victorian series of reading books for State school pupils. The secretary for education, who presided, stated that it was the desire of the Minister for Pub lic Instruction that the inspectors should write short articles on the flora and fauna of Victoria and the history. of Australia. The inspectors promised to assist in the work, and the confer ence then closed. The public works comimittee of the Wellington (N.Z.) City Council have decided to bring forward a motion that inquiries be made as to whether the corporation has power to establish a Chinese quarter, 'and, if not, that steps be taken to obtain that power, and compel the Chinese to occupy such quarters as in Melbourne and other large centres. The inquest at Bendigo ,in connec tion with the death of William Hop kins, who died from the effects of being shot by. Mounted- constable Satchwell in November last during 'the riots at Kaneira, has at last ended. The jury found that the deceased died from a revolver shot wound inflicted by Satchwell, who was justified in using firearms. A party of men recently captured a finely-marked specimen of the sea leopard, about 7ft in length, near Kaiapoi (N.Z.), but liberated it on learning of the penalties. Earthquake shocks have been un pleasantly frequent in South Australia recently, but no damage has been done. The inquest concerning the death of James Thompson in the M'Evoy mine, Eldorado (YVi.), resulted in a verdict to the effect that James Thompson 'died from 'suffocation. The jury unanimously agreed that there was a want of proper judgment in the man agement of the mine, and in view of men working behind; there should have been additional strength in edcuring the point where the breakage occurred, as was subsequently recom mended by the inspector. At Mataketake (NZ,) two men n?ached Hargraves and Haldan were drinking at May's public house one recent Saturday night, when a row ensued, during which they put May on a fire. A man named Mitchell succeeded in getting a wire off for the police in spite of the danger to which he was exposed, as .Hargraves openly swore he would shoot anyone who attempted to go to the telegraph office. All the night the place was in an uproar. Guns were being fired continually. The store was stripped of everything with the exception of a little beer. After taking May off the fire they burned all his clothes. He was very badly burned, but not dan gerously. A board of experts is to be set up in connection with the competition for the prizes of £150 and £100 for \- the best two series of designs for New ,Zealand postage and revenue stamps. About 200 designs have Sbeen sent in. The report for last year of the chief inspector of explosives in Victoria states that there has been an increase of 362 in the number of licensed pre mises,.and 39 importing licenses have been issued. There has been a de crease in the importation of dynamite und gelatine compounds to the extent of over200,0001b, which is attributable to the increased useof the cheaperblast ing powder and the increased output of the local factory. Further laboratory experiments have confirmed his view that one of the causes of the deteriora tion of explosives is the want of venti lation in ships' magazines. There are now 13 factory licenses in force. A copy of Angelas' now celebrated jubilee portrait of the Queen has been presented to the Parliament of New Zealand by Sir John Hall. The portrait was painted by special per mission of her Majesty. The picture measures 10ft by 7ft, and it is to be hung in the lobby. Last week some men who were ex cavating in a pit behind the cemetery at Mount Gambier (S.A.) for lava made an interesting discovery. At a depth of 7ft, in the centre df the lava deposit, they came upon the head of an animal in a wonderful state of preservation. The fossil is apparently that of a wombat of the present time description. The skull was very brittle and readily broke on exposure to the air. It had evidently been de posited where found when the lava and mud were throwh from Mount Gambier, for there were no holes nor openings in the ground near through which the beast could have entered subsequently. 