ADAM LINDSAY GORDON : ANNIVER SARY OF I1IS DEATH. TO THE EDITOB. Sir— At rest ! Hard by the margin of that sea Whose sounds are mingled with his noble verse, Now lies the shell thai never more will house The fine, strong spirit of my gifted f rientL Yea, he who (lashed upon us suddenly, A shining soul with syllables of fire, Who sang the first great song these lands can claim To lie their own ; the one who did not seem To know what royal place awaited him Within the Temple of the Beautiful, Has passed away ; and we who knew him, git Aerhast in darkness, dumb with that great grief, Whose stature yet we cannot comprehend ; While over yonder churchyard, hearsed with pines, The night-wind sings its immemorial hymn, And sobs above a newjy -covered grave. Thus spoke Henry Kendall on the death of his friend and contemporary, A. L. Gordon, and 1 am sure that 1 need to make no apology to students of Australian poetry and to Aus tralians in general in reminding them that it was in Victoria, on the 24th day of June, 1870, the gifted Australian poet, Adam Lindsay Gordon, breathed his last. Gordon was essen tially the Burns of Australia, aud it was a great loss to the land of his adoption when one such as he, who lived That frank, that open-hearted life which keeps Tiie splendid fire of English chivalry From dying out, should be taken away when his talents were being fully recognised almost all over the world, and when the success and good fortune that had hitherto seemed to be denied him commenced to pour on him from all sides. The brave, great soul That never told a lie, or turned aside To fly from dansrer ; he 1 say was one Of that bright company this sin-stained world Can ill afford to lose. Gordon was the first great poet of a land over which it might be said the sun is only just rising, and naving no ancient valorous deeds or patriotic songs to sing about he gives to us the raurinurings of nature, telling us in turns of the beauties, loneliness, wildness, and crandeurs of a erreat land, whose motto. symbolical of the emu and kangaroo, is Advance Australia. Gordon sings to us the songs of our native' land, for what can be more descriptive of Australian life than — 'Twas merry -n '-he glowing morn, ais:on£. the gleam ing grass. To wander as we've wandered many a mile, And blow Hit: cool tobacco cloud aud watch tiie white , wreaths pass,- ^ * ? - - : . Sitting loosely jn&e; saddle all tiie while ; 'Twas merry 'mid the blackwoods when we spied tb« station roofs To wheel the wild scrub cattle at the yard. With a running fire of stockwhips and a fiery run of hoofs— . ,' _,, Oh ! the hardest day was never then too hard I Aye! we had a glorious gallop after 'Starlight' and his gang When they bolted from Sylvesters on the flat ; How the sun-dried reedbeds crackled, bow the runt strewn ranges rang To the strokes of ' Mountaineer' and ' Acrobat. Hard behind them in the timber, harder stall acros* the heath, Close behind them through the tea-tree scrub we dashed ; And the golden-tinted fern leaves, how they rustied underneath ! And the honeysuckle osiers, how they crash'd ! Gordon, it will be remembered, was the beat amateur steeplechaser in the colonies, so tfiafc we can well understand his being able- to portray so graphically to us the story of ' How we beat the favorite' — perhaps one of his best pieces. The fourth fence, a wattle, floor'd Monk and Blue bottle ; The Drag came to grief at the blackthorn and ditch. The rails toppled over Redoubt and Red Rover, The lane stopped Lycurgus and Leicestershire Mitch. She passed like an arrow Kildare and Cock Sparrow, And Mantrap and lleruiaid refused the stone wall; And Giles on The Oreyling came down at the paling, And I was left sailing in front of them au. Seeing that Gordon lived the greater part of bis life in South Australia, it seems strange that we have nothing in the city to keep his memory green. I should very much like to see a society formed with the dual object of fostering an interest in Australian literature generally and of one day erecting a statue on North-terrace of Adam Lindsay Gordon. I see by a card that the Melbourne people ate holding this evening a 'Gordon conver sazione ' at the Vienna Cafe. Gordon never got over a certain shyness and melancholia that characterised his life, and he might be talkincr of himself when he says — The deep blue skies wax dusky, and the tall gre*n trees grow dim, The sward beneath me seems to heave and fall ; And sickly, smoky shadows through the sleepy sun* light swim, And on the very sun's face weave their pall. Let me slumber in the hollow where the wattle blossoms wave, With never stone or rail to fence my bed ; Should the sturdy station children pull the bush flowers on my grave, I may chance to hear them romping overhead. I hope some other of the poet's Adelaide admirers will take the matter up, and should a Gordon Society be formed there will be no one more pleased to give hearty co-operation towards making it a success than THE KANGAROO. Adelaide, June 22, 1895. Sir — I notice that 'The Kangaroo' in The Advertiser of to-day's date calls attention to the fact that this is the twenty-fifth anni versary of the melancholy death of Adam Lindsay Gordon, who, as he once served in the South Australian Legislature, has a soecial claim on the remembrance of residents within its borders. It will, therefore,' be seasonable perhaps to give you a description of the poet's grave to 'which I paid a pil grimage last month. From Melbourne I took the train to North Brighton, walking thence a distance of about a mile and a half to the pic turesque cemetery in which Gordon lies. For the most part the sandy soil is covered with ferns and other hardy growths, and but few graves have disturbed the natural surface. On the slope of the hill at the further side of 'God's acre,' however, monuments are clus tered close together, and on the brow of the rise the eye soon catches a glimpse of a broken column in fluted bluestone mounted on a massive base of the same material Hung diagonally about the top of the column is a marble wreath, while on each of the four sides of the base is a marble slab. On one of these is written : — The Poet GORDON. Died June 24, 1870. Aged 37 years. The three others bear the names of the various published volumes of Gordon's poems : — 'Ashtaroth,' 'Sea Spray and Smoke Drift,' and 'Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes.' A large wattle tree,_ which was just budding at the time of my visit, springB from the sandy plot about the tomb, and another grows just beyond the ragged border mesembryanthemum which divides it from its neighbors. About the lowest slab of the base ivy is striving to climb, and there are. two desolate-looking plants of laujistinus and one gj or two depressed rose bushes, none of which' are in a nourishing condition. ? There is no1 railing round the grave, perhaps in half- ' compliance with the poet's wish — You will lay me in the hollow where the ?wat'le blossoms wave, With never stone or rail to mark my bed. Should the sturdy station children pluck the wi ' flowers o'er my grave, I may chance to hear them romping overhead. There has not been a similar consideratio, . for Gordon's predilections on the part of som\ of those who desire to have their names asso ciated with his. Leaning against the stone, enclosed in a circular box with a glass front, is a tawdry wreath surrotrnding-these -words : — 'From a few of the poet's admirers, members of the South Melbourne branch, A.N.A., July 17, 1892.' The North Brighton Cemetery is in the midst of open country, and Gordon's monu ment has a breezy and conspicuous position. On the right are a succession of nameless graves. Jtist behind is a memorial, to .the daughter of Sir Frederick McCoy, ' The light of his life, gentle, kind, and good.' Opposite, across the path lie the mortal remains of that veteran journalist, Mr. George Alexander Syme, M.A. Although the most distinguished occupant of the necro polis is somewhat crowded by less famous dead, it will be scores of years before the dwellings of the living will extend to the confines of his last resting place, and so his ghost, if it revisits the glimpses of the moon, is likely to have wide breathing room for a very long time. — I am, &c;, C. R. WILTON. Adelaide, June 24, 1895. 