THE DAY OF REST. THE RESURRECTION BODY. {By Rbv. JTredebick Hastings.] Preaobod inChelaea Congregational Uhuroh, "How are the dead railed up! With what manner of bod; do the; come?"—1 Cor. xv. 85. Many bave been perplexed by the queetion as to hot? we shall riee from the dead. In the Churoh the idea has been widespread that we shall ell lie in the grave waiting for the last trump. Then it has been thought that although our bodies shall seem to deoay, or be scattered about jn fragments, all parts will simultaneously and miraculously spring together at the potent sound of the trumpet. Then all are expected to rush at onoe to judg ment. A oomforting doctrine tbis last to those who wish to have their individual guilt ooveted up by the mass of the judged. Muoh in this idea is Jewish, and even Egyptian in origin. The Jews thought that the body would rise with all itB weakness, deformities, and diseases. They had great discussions as to tho resurreotion, and asked Christ about it, and He showed that some of their oonosptions were erroneous. It is, undoubtedly, almost a presumptuous thing to speak of tbe probable manner of our resurrection, but we snail do it with a sense of humility arising from a con viction that tbis is one of the things hard to bo understood—one on whioh we have only a partial light. WHAT BODY WILL IilBE? Shall we rise from the grave with the identical body which was plaoed therein! The Apostle Paul has been very explicit in one passage in reBpeot to the question, lie says, " Wo sow not tbe body that shall be." He ie speaking of seed corn first, and then transfers tbe figure to man. In the Apostles' Creed, which is recited now as in the past, Christians say they " believe in the resurrec tion of the body." Many Bay it, but with a real doubt as to whether it will be tbe same body. If, however, they would consider that illustration of the seed corn in 1 Cor. xv., they would find light on tbe perplexing point. Paul teaches us that we Bhall have a body, that it will seem as real and tangible as the one we now posseBB. He teaoheB ub that as theaeod is oast into the ground and decays, so the body is to deoay; that out of it is to spiing a body as real, as visible, as touchable to the beiugsof another state as the body we now wear is tangible to our fellows in tbis state. A 8rlBIT BODY. Another thing Paul plainly teaoheB is that) the resurreotioa body ia to be a spiritual body. " There ib a natural body and there ia a spiritual body." Now, the two terms, spirit and body, uoem opposed, but they are not necessarily so. A "spiritual body" means a body adapted to the spiritual state. The soul i must take upon it some form. It must have some '* vehicle" or some dwelling-plaoe. Pure being may be as intangible aa thought. Thought dwells iu the brain, ao the aoul must have a dwelling-plaoe. It will dwell in a spiritual body hereafter. LIGHT FHOM CHBIST'S TOMB. We get some further light on this point from the resurrection of Christ. After lie rose He could be touohed. He moved about as before. He passed through fastened doors in the : apartment where the disciples were assembled. He walked to Emtnans and eat down as an invited guest to meat. He walked on the sea shore and direoted toiling fishermen where to cast the net. Ho took a piece of broiled fish and of honeyoomb. He ate before His dis ciples. Ho said to Thomas, "Roach hither thy hand and thrustit into My side." He said agaiu, " Handle Me ; a spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see Me have." He meantthata mere ghott had no suoh form. Yet He was i wearing a spiritual body, and He may have suspended for a time, by thu exercise of Divine will, the laws under whioh spiritual bodies exist. He rote, however, with that same resurrective and spiritual body Heaven. He wears it still. What Christ was after His resurreotion shows us what we are to be. Moreover, He thereby gives ns hints of the conditions under whioh we Bhall exist. " We shall be like Hira, for we shall see Him as He is." It is not probable, then, that the body we Bhall have hereafter will be the one that saw corruption in the grave. That bcdy must decay. That whioh we sow is not quickened except it die. It lives in the de oaying. That which is given, will, however, seem to us to be as much part of our real body as our present body. It will probably seem identical with this. A GOD-GIVEN BOUT IS TO BE OURS. We must remember that there may be eome variety of form, for a body is to be givon suoh ai will be determined by God. "God givetb it a body as it pleaseth Him." As all things here are adapted by His wisdom, and evolved by His power, so will they be in the future. There is a Divine purpose and power operat ing in every change and controlling every oircumstance. Every ohange means advauoe. All evolutionary movement is upward. To the perfect is a higher perfection. However glorious our natures, they are to be still more glorious in harmouy with the good pleasure of the Divine will. A BODY APPROPRIATE TO CONDITIONS. Probably the body there will not be subject to variations in state, or weariness, or decay. That which is inoorruptible will not be worn out or decay. Our present body has con stantly to be built up by food. Food makes blood. Tbo power in the musoles of the heart carries that blood over the body. Those muscles have a God-given, inexplicable power for a certain length of time. The power of expansion and contraction is in its deepest recess a myBtery. By that power it is that the blood is distributed through the body, so that those parts neediDg eustenanoe receive it. These mnsoles go on expanding and oon traoting without effort, without exhaustion, for a certain time. We oan imagine a similar power being given to the whole body in the future, so that it shall exist for ever without effort or need of renewal. But we know not the conditions of the fatare state, we only be lieve that whatever they are our resurrection body will be adapted to them. BESBBRECTION A PRESENT PBOCESS. We rather oonceive of the resurrection as now going on. Christ said, " I am the resur rection." He did not mean merely He would be at some far-off period. It may be a con tinuous development rather than a spasmed 10 event. Henoe, if we so regard it, we shall see that the illustration Paul used concerning the seed cum is moss suggestive. We shall see that the resurrection body doubtless grows out of this as the ear of corn oomes from the single " bare grain." The single seed lies under the eurfaoe of the ground. The moisture and warmth of the ground cause it to swell, to open, and to sprout. From the innermost kernel oomeB a tiny little blade, whioh has a wonderful life in it. That blade begins to ex pand upwards and push its way past hard pieces of earth and stones, seeking the sun light. It oan only press upwards if not buried too deeply. The blade is oonneoted with the deoayiDg seed. Simultaneously with the ascent of the blade rootlets are thrown out with powers unthought of for suction and absorption. These rootlets have a strange, " , . „ ■. ■. "Hag intelligent, discriminatory power. ^.^epSS sefeot the very particles that may beneoesBaty for the. building up of the new blade. . The husk oompletely-deoayswhen it bar served ith purposs of preserving the Vital germ, bat tbb life it oantinued in anotherform. mint form, with (talk, blades, and ear, is far more glorious than the single compressed eeedL Thus the natural body may. beburied or burned, drowned or broken, Mattered to the four quartern of the globe, bnt ont of it hsa been springing a body whioh ig full of glory. It is not to rise in waakneeabuttobe "clothed in power." By reason of faith in the Ooid •• Jesus Christ, and the working of Hie Spirit, . there will be a clothing upon us hereafter of a body whioh ie to toe "like to Hie glononi body." When we put off ttoie tabernacle we are to hare a" building of God,"a produotion ■: of Divine power, "eternal in the toeavena." "thbdijst<wq®bab." It will be seen from tfaeae remarks, then, " that we oannot believe that the reaurreotion body will be identioal with the corruptible body we now poaaeea. Suppose we were to euggeat that it would be the earns, we ahould then have to ask the question as to whioh body we ahould have. We change the partiolea ot our material body several timea in life. We are always turning to dust. Shall we have our youthful or our aged self? As individual! we muit remember that in na are probably many particles that once helped to compose the bodies of other men. Through eating herbs or animals we have assimilated them. To this Shakspsare refers when be speaks of the possibility of the "dust of, Ciesar stopping ft bunghoie." Indsad, very ordinary mortals have in them by natural process the dust of several very extraordinary men. The theory bo long held: and so persistently propagated that we shall have the identioal body is fraught with diffi culties and beset with teeming absurdities. That, however, which regards the future'body ss an outgrowth from this is much more apprehensible and in harmony with the analogy of the Apostle oonoorning the seed oorn. Toe inspired Word tell us, "That whioh thou euweat thon soweat not that body whioh shall be, but bare grain." The one decays; the spiritual body is developed in th( deoav. Some might object that to argue in the way that we bare done ie to present gross ana materialistic ideas otmoermng tbefutnre. Not so: but w» Beek to avoid that materialism which repels, and, on the other hand, that spiritualistic method which leaves nothing (or the mind to apprehend. It ie not a mere poetical idea, although Oliver Wendell Holmea held eomethihg like it. He believed that our spiritual eelf extends its influence a few (eet round us. Those who oome within its sphere are magnetically attracted. This is a natural as well as a spiritual possibility. This gives deflniteness. We exist here, and will nob believe that in the future we shall each be only an airy nothingness, floating in mysterious ether, intermingled with other souls or aoul matter, and either all he so exactly alike that there will be no possibility of knowing the spirit of Abraham from Moses, or that of Paul from Peter; we are not to be absorbed io abstract being and cease existent. There is, we believe, a mysterious germ of lite working in eaob believer which will raiso him not only to judgment, but to eternal life, and give him a maintained distinctness front all other souls. We cannot comprehend all the process any more than we can fully under stand the mystery of God's working in ibe natural world, but we accept it on the assur ance of the Divine word that there is a natural body and there is a spiritual body. Ob, haw awful is the thought of the wonders underground; Oh, the mysuc changes wrought in the silent dark profound! How each thing is upward tending by necessity decreed. And the world's support depending on the shooting ot a seed. God, who has resuscitated the race so often and so regularly by Che supply of grain, will, by the same power, raise us to another state ot being, in which we shall wear the outward frame He liaB appointed. THE MTBTEBY OF PRESENT LIKE. After all, the idea of a resurrection is eur rounded by no greater difficulties than the fact of our present exisbenoe. What a mystery is the present life 1 That we should live and move as we do, under certain physical laws, would have seamed to us an impossibility, if we oould have existed in some previous state, and wars to try to conceive of this. Suppose a trout to be endowed with intelligence, and suppose that it oould be made to understand that there was another state wherein beings moved about, it oould not easily ooneeive that we oould live without being surrounded fay water. Suppose it oould watch the grab of a dragon-fly crawling up the stalk of a reed towards the air; it might say, "Foolish thing, it had better keep at the bottom of the river than attempt to get out of its element."1' And when it should see the shell of the grub fall back and sink in the waters,^it might say, "Ah, that is all that comes from such aspira tions after another life. The grub being is dead and done with." The trout might imagine that there is no future existenoe for it because it eculd not see beyond the waters. And if taken out of the water to see proof, its eyes would, directly they were out of the water, have euoh a film over them that it would not even be able to see eny thing beyond an indefinable light. It would certainly not be able to see that from the grab form, that had felt the strange upward impulse, another form—a very glorious form-—had emerged. It oould not follow it in its flight, as now with s'T, gauzy wiDgs the dragon-fly would float, with very different tastes and unimagined powers, over gardens, meadows, hills, bedeorows, tress, and rivers. All will easily see the analogies that might be drawn, and the futility of many materialietia objec tions to the faots of immortality and resurrec tion. All the developments of the futurein respect to tho body, we believe, will not be arbitrary, bnt according to the working of a natural law. God will give a body as it bath pleased dim, and to every seed its own body. There is a Divine plan with respeot to the resurrection. THE PERIOD OF GRAYS TENANCY. It is oot easy at onoe to determine from Scripture as to whether the resurrection of the body will take plaoe immediately after death or ages hence ; whether there is a long or a very bnef period of unoonsoiousness. Two resurrections are referred to in the Bible— that from Bin and that from the grave. When Christ said, "The hour is ooming, and now ir, when the dead shall hear the yoioe of the Son' of Cod," &o.;, He was doubtless speaking, first, of the spiritual awakening from sin; secondly, of the resurrection of the body, the redeemed body, the body which is given by God to eaoh believer. Hence we find that when Christ, on the oross, had effected the full sacrifioe for _ a world's guilt, and when He "cried with a loud voice, yielding up the ghost," that the "graves were opened, and many bodies of the saints that slum arose and oame out of the graves after His resurrection, and went into.. tihetioly oity and appeated (or had appeared) unto many. Beoauae Qhrist bad risen death bad ao Jongerpo war to hold tbeholy and reoen tly deoeaeed. Xbey arose possibly as gently and quietly as we awake from sleep. and " entered ■ into the holy oity." So may it be now. There may be a oontinuous resurrection. We oannot believe that when the breath haa pasBed from the body we simply enter on a long, long, long pleep, or lie stilt, possibly for thousands of years. We oannot believe that the God who is the God not of the dead but the living, oould be himself content to leave some in a state of suoh long unconsciousness, waiting for agiven signai to rise. Moses and Elijah knew nothing of suoh a long sleep/ for they were alive and oouBoions on the Mount of Trans figuration. Paul anticipated nothing of the bind, for he eaid, " Absent from the body, present with the Lord." He eaid further, • "To die is gain." He longed to be ''clothed upon with his house (i.e., his body), whioh is from heaven." Peter did not expeot a long period of unoonsoiousness in the grave when be was about to be put off hie " tabernaole" as the Lord Jesus Ohrist bad showed him. And the eoer of Patmoa did not expeot it when he gazed with raptured vision on the Holy Oity "prepared as a bride for her husband. .And Christ did .not tell the penitent thief that eventually he should meet him in the eternul world, but He said, " To-day shall thou be with me in Paradise." The resurreotion period began long ago. The resurrection day we believe iB the whole long period that intervenes between tbe death of the first real believer in God and the time when the last redeemed aoul will be garnered. ; The seer of Patmos represents the saved as arisen, and as oonsaiously happy, Binging tho song of Moses and the Lamb. We believe that the moment when tbe individual soul passes from the body into the unseen is the supreme moment, the period, the day of resurreotion to that aoul. Then it receives the body that is given by God. We believe that that, also, is the day of judgment to that Boul. Then the individual soul is judged, end according to that judgment will range itself in God's universe on the right or left hand. The oooupation, temperament, oharaoter, habitual thoughts, aud surroundings stamp themselves upon our thoughts here. They mark themselves in the countenance. They stamp themselves into that spirit-body which is the outgrowth of this, as tho blade, stalk, and full ear is the outgrowth of tbe single " bare grain" that iB cast into tbe ground. If we havo loved evil and indulged in sin, we shall find that as the mildew in the corn stops the reproductive power of each graiD, so sin will hinder us from going from stage to stage of progressive being. Not only spiritual sterility, but positive evil, will be stamped on the unholy. The state we call death makes no change in the spirit, but only in the form that spirit takes. The character of that heavenly "spiritual body" will answer to what we are. Ali will be in harmony with a lofty law of whioh we are even cognizant here. Our heaven will be what we indi- i vidually are to it, and our resurreotion spirit- ! body will be tbe form fitting to our oapaoities I or spiritual attainments. You have looked id the face of Bome dear one departed—looked intothos eyeatbatonoe , responded to your gl&noe;—looked upon that mouth that will never utter here again words | of love. Touoh with your lips lightly that brow like chill marble, once, the temple of thought, Lift that hand, onae bo grace ful in action, so ready in deeds of goodness. Now how palcied 1 Turn away. Sinking is your heart. Deep, low, suppressed, but bitter thy moans oyer thy less. But oh ! bereaved friend, sister, brother, pareDt, husband, or widow, realize something else. Thy dear one is even now a risen, glorified being. It wears already the resur rection spirit-body, which bae been given aooordibg as it pleased God. Out of that deoaying, corrupting form you' hasten to bury has the real being you loved risen in Obrist. Your dear one has not perished, but is only changed,- translated, glorified. He who arose from the grave in all the majeBty of Divine power will raise those you have had to lose and mourn—those whose loss is not lessened by the years, nor the memory of them dimmed by the multiplicity of after events. The loved and lost are risen. Thoy are in the last resurrection period or stage of being. Wherefore sorrow not as those who have no suoh hope. Sorrow not, but lay hold of God's own consolation. He member thatt as we have been trying to ehow, we akali have an aotual spiritual body suoh as God determines to bestow. We believe that we aball have one appropriate to our future environment, one that will grow out of this as the ear of corn from the single grain, We - believe that that spiritual body ib now developing in us unseen. We believe that the dsy of death is the dropping of the old busk for the fuller revelation of the spiritual j being. We believe that there ie to be no long J period botween the moment when the mortal\ body decays and the new is given. We - believe that what we are here in oharaoter j we shall be in the world to whioh we i hasten. Remember these things, even though bears should still How at the realization of Bon^e great loss. Immense oociolation should oome.as you think thUBof the present happi ness and glory of those who have departed in the faith of the blessed dead who died in the Lord. Remember these things and say, "Let thoBe who can be oontent to be 'caBt as rubbish to the void' live as they like, live for the world if they will; we dare not ! We will live as those should do who believe that even now we have in us, through faith in Christ, the germ developing of that spiritual body which Bhall be fully revealed when we have slipped off this ' mortal ooil.'" This body is of the earth earthy, but there is a spiritual body. May God help us to live bere to harmony with suoh a faith; may He mftild ub to His will; may He work iD us to will and to do of His good pleasure ; may He save us from doing in thisatate anything that will make us ashamed when wo actually ' stand before Him in all the glory of the resurrection life. May He indeed, by His, Spirit, fit ub at last to ascend to where the clouds received our Saviour out of our eight. May He keep us by His graoe and - present us faultless before the throne.. Amen. 