' ;MiBELLAtiBOUS. -QUEER STORY. ON THE THRESHOLD. " XOD will never regret it, said Jack Lnmley, in his impetuoas eager way. ' Never I swear.' The woman whom ho addressed answered \- nqthlog, but a new light lifted for a moment the aid shadow from her face. \- What a face it was,- though, his hand some dark ' eyes softening into tenderness unspeakable as he looked down at her— tho face of a martyr, with its sad, sonsitivo lips id - great pathotio brown eyes— eyes that looked out at tho world with the wistful, wondering' goxe of a child who is mado to «Uflet/ for no faalt of its own, and realises without understanding the injustioo of whioh it ia the viotim. It was that same look that had in tho first instance attracted Jack Lumloy's notico, and thatstill in the last iustaDce hold him captive. It hod stolen its way into his heart and its sweet, sad light would liogor for over. Jock was as thoughtless and light-hearted as ahoy. Ardent, sanguine, impulsivo, brim ming over with health and vigour and high spirits. No greater contrast could hare been foand to the woman who had enslaved nun. In every way the two were different He had basked in the sunshine of life, whilo she had shivered among tho shadows. He had sipped the onp of pleasure, but she had drank deep of tho do&dly; draught of despair. Ho looked forward to the future, and smiled at the prospect Sho looked baok to tbo post, and shuddered at sho remembered. -.It fate had bean kind, or even fair, Bertha Reymaine might have been a different and a happier woman. Bat fate had been syste matically crnel and nnjust through all her Iifow and now, after 27 yoars of neglooted, uncared-for childhood, joyless, hopeless girl hood, and crushed, broken womanhood, tbo climax bad oome. For the man who was holding her bands in such a strong, tender clasp, was not her husband, and sho had promised to leave her husband, and go away with him, 'Yon will never regret it,' Jack said again. ' I swear you nevor will, No man has ever been a truer and more faithful hus band than I shall be. Ob, Bertha, what a lot of time wo bavo wasted. It makes me sick when I think of it. Why didn't wo meet sooner P Sho shook her bead with a wan little smile. 'The world,' she said slowly, ' will say it would have been better if we had never met at alL' 'Ob, tho world be hanged,' Jack retorted with more force than elegance. ' Let it say what it likes. I have got you, and that is 11 1 care about. And you have got mo, and that is all yon care about f She looked up at him. 'Yes,' she whispered. And in very troth in that moment, with her weak hands clashed in his strong ones and his adoring eyes looking (into hers, she counted the world well lost for love's sweet sake. Everything had been weighed in the balance with him, and found wanting. He, and he alone, could raise her from tho depths of despair to the heights of joy. All things were as nothing in comparison with his love. What a. wonderful change was coming to her I The old life lay behind her, over and done with- for ever, and she stood on the thresh old of a new. In tho past she had known injustice, loneliness, and despair, tbe degradation and desolation of a loveless and hated marriago, but in tho future she would know kindness, and sympathy, and love. Yes, love; and she thought that love would make up for all. Love had had no part or lot in her lifo hitherto, and she had longed for it in the passionate, unreasoning way that men and womon do long for the things tbst seem set beyond their reach. Sho had seen it all aroand her, lavished on others, bat no one had over had any to spare on her. Bhe had looked on at happy homes, beloved ohildren, cherished wives, as the lost souls may look at the radiant angels through the gates of paradiso. No one had over offered her love or sympathy. From her stern frigid father and domineering step-mother, who had ruled her early years with a rod hat iron, to tho bratal husband, who hid married her beoanae he wanted a clovor economical mistress for his establishment, and thought a wife would be cheapor than a housekeeper — no one, until she met Juok Lumley, He had offered her both, and aha had lacked tho strength to resist ouch a temptation. Her poor starved heart had gone out to him in an overwhelming wavo of lovo and gratitude. All the concentrated lovo and pission of a lifetime, till then forced baak upon itself, had leaped into sndden being far him. Sho had accepted his offer and now ho was going to take her away from her misery for over. He would take care of her ho said, and thn words sounded sweetly in her cars. It was so strange and delightful to bo taken care of, and loved, and potted, like those happy women at whom she had looked with such envy in the past. Well, she would notonvy them in the future ; she would be one of them. Thus she mused, until tbe now, lovely Hotife-which crlnwpd in her eves irrsdiated her whole face. 'Poor little woman,' said Jack, with ready sympathy, 'you've had a rough time of it; but we're going to alter all that now, aren't we Bertha J1 He drew her oloser to him, and she let her head fall on his shoulder with a long-drawn sigh of supreme content. She was with him and that was enough. 'Poor tittle woman,' ho said again, and then he stooped down and kissed her very gently ; ' are you happy f he whispered. ' Happy V she echoed, with a queer little laugh, ' Yes, Jack, so happy that I am frightened of hanpiuoss.' He smiled and stroked her hair. ' See you haven't bad too muoh happiness in the past, bavo you, dear t ho said. ' But I hope you'll bavo a good deal in tbe future. You'll have as muob as I can givo you any way.' Sho turned hor head and looked op at him with bor groat shining eyes. ' Ob, Jack, she oried, impulsively, ' if I hid met you, or someone like you, years ago, what a different woman I would be to-day. \- Bat instead of that — instead of that— oh I N. - you know you know.' He frowned a little. I ' Yes, dear, I know,' he said, gently. ' But | we won't think any more about the past, will we I We are going to bo happy together in the fatare, and that is enough for me.' She nestled oloser to him. ' Are you sure, Jaok, quite, quite sura that tho day will nover come when you will regret having done what you are going to dol Have you counted the cost i Do you roaiiso all that you are giving up for mat Remem ber, if you had never mot mo you might have loved some nico girl who was froe to love you, and of whom you need not have boon — ashamed.' There was a pause, and when Jack answered, hiB voice sounded grave and stern. 'Ashamod,' ho said. 'That is a word which must nevor be mentioned between yon and ma' Than all at once his tone changed to ono of passionate tenderness. ' I shall navcr regret what we are going to do,' he want on ; ' t shall be thankful for having done it every day of my life. My poor little girl. I should bo a solfiab beast indeed if I regretted taking you away from the life you havo been leading. I am giving up nothing that I can see. If cither of us is giving up anything, you are tho ono. Have you counted the cost 1 Are you sure that you will nnvpr rnursfc f ' Regrot,' she echoed, in a tono that spoko volumes. 'Ob, Jack, if you only knew all that I have suffered — all the misery, the degradation, tho — the — yes, I have counted tho cost, and I shall nevor regret.' Jack noddod. 1 We're quits then,' ho said. 1 That's all right. And now, dear, you havon't forgotten tho arrangements wo made yesterday, havs you! You will bo quite ready to start with me at eight o'clock this ovoning, won't you ! That will givo us hoaps of time to catch tho eight forty-five up to town.' 1 Yes,' sho answered, 'I shall be ready — you mny trust me. 1 But I forgot to tell you that — that my husband is coming baok to-day. I Imd a wire from him this morning and ho will bo hero at six o'clock.' Mr. Redmayne, by the way, always corres ponded with his wife by telegram — when he condescended to remember and recognise her existenco at all. ' By jove,' said Jack, taking out his watr. 1 it's nearly that now. Will he expect you to be in to receive him !' She shook bor head. 'No.' Jaok gave her a keen, quiok glance, and went on in an anxious tone. 1 Will his coming home mako any differ ence to your coming to-night f She shook her head. ' No, nothing could make any difference to that, Jack. Tbo die is cast. I have mode my choice, and J huve chosen — you.1 'That's all right,' Jack returned in a relieved tone. 'Eight o'clock dear, at the little gate at the low end of the park. Don't forget.' ' I won't forget, Jack, I shall be there.' Jack pat his arms round her. ' And after that wo Bhali never be parted again,' he said ' We are going to begin a new life together, you and I.' She was silent, and the Bilence lasted so long that he grew puzzled. ' What are you thinking of, Bertha !' he asked at last, bending down to look into her face. She raised her eyes to his with a look that wont to his heart. ' I was thinking,' she answered, not bitterly or rebelliously, but in a tone of patient sad ness, ' I was thinking, Jack, that I havo nover had a chance. If I had — if I had, things might have been different to-day. I — if what 1 am going to do is a sin, I hope God will forgive me, and — and surely Ho will, for He alone knows what I havo suffored.' Jack was early at tho appointed placo, a little white gato that led into a plantation at tho lower end of tho park. He was so un settled and impatient that he could not rest ie the bouse. Ho had to be up and doing. There was no sign of Bertha when bo got there, but as tho olock struck eight ho saw her Sitting like a ghost across the park. He did not go to meet hor. not wishing to run the risk of being Been, but drew back into tbe shadow of tho trees and waited. 1 Jaok,' she callod softly, eho same up to the gate.' He stepped forward. ' It is all right, Berths, I am horo.' Then as he caught sight of her fsco he uttored a startlod oxolamation, ' meroiful heavens. What has happened V Sho looked up at him. ' Have you not heard !' sho aBked, dully. 1 Oh, I thought you would have heard.' Jack looked puzzled and vory impatient. ' I have heard nothing, my dear,' ho eaid ' For hoaven's sake tell me what you are talking about. You look as if you bad seen a ghost.' Sho put her hand to hor throat and gave a little gasping sob. 1 And so I have,' sho said, breathlessly. ' So I have,' There was an odd vibration in hor voice, end she was as white as death, and trembling from head to foot. Jack could Beo that some thing had upset her terribly. ' Don't be keeping me in suspense, dear,' he said, gently drawing her into his arms. 1 Tell me all about it.' For a moment she yielded to hie tender embrace, and lot her head rest on hie shoulder. Then suddenly she tore herself away, and stood ereot before him. ' It is all over,' she said. ' Don't touoh me - don't come near mo.' Jaok was so utterly taken abaok, that at first he could only stand staring at her in blank amazement. 'All over!' he repeated at last. 'What — what on earth do you mean, Bertha 1' She laid her hand on his arm, and a rather Botoisn light filled her eyes as she raiBed them to his. ' I mean,' she said slowly, ' that I sm not away with you to-night. I am going, to say goodbye, and never Beo you again.' Jaok looked at her in helpless bewilder ment. ' Have you gone mad !' he asked. ' I wish you would explain yourself.' A violent shudder ran through her slight frame, ' There was an accident,' she breathlessly answored. ' An awful acoident. The express ran into a goods train, and he won in the express, you know, and they oarried him home, and tho doctors suy he will nover bo able to move again.' Jack foil back in horror. ' Good God 1' he exclaimed. Sho shuddored again. 'If you could only soo him,' she oried. ' It is terrible. There he lies like a log, and there ho will lie until ho dies. It is nothing but a living death. And to think that I — that wo— that I 1 she broke down, and covered her face with her hands. 'What a frightful thing,' said Jack, in an awe-Btruck tono. Bitterly as ho had hated and despised tho man to whom tho woman he loved was bound deserving as ho knew him to be of all hatred and scorn and contempt, unworthy of any compassion or sympathy, he-yet folt a keen pang of pity for tho total wreck of a strong young lifo. An aotivo living foo is ono thing, and a helpless disabled foe is another thing. 1 Ho is quite helpless, Jack,' she wont on. ' Utterly helpless, and ho may live for years. The doctors say so.' Jack groaned. ' Such is life,' he said. Sho came quite close to him, and cinsped both hor hands on his arm, looking up in his faco with hor pathotio eyes. I am going to stay with bim,' sho said. ' I could not leave him now. It was quito different before. But now that ho can't holp himsolf, I must stay with him. J could havo left him in his strength, bat I can't leave him in his wcaknoss. And so, Jack dear, we must say goodbye, you and I.' His hand closod ovor horsinafirm, Btruug olasp. ' I can't give you np, Bertha,' ho re turned ; 1 1 couldn't do without you now, so its no good talking about it. Have you forgotten thnt I lovo you, dear t' Sho shook her hoad . ' No, I havo not forgotten that you love me, or that I — that I lovo you — but — but — Jaok, dear, I know you will holp mo to do right. You are so strong and good and I trust you. It is right for me to stay up with him now, isn't it!' There was a panse, then ' Don't ask me T Jack answered with a groan, ' For Heaven's sake don't ask mo to decide a question of right and wrong at a time like this. I can't think of anything but how much I want you.' Tears dimmed Iter uplifted eyes. ' Not more than I want you Jack, you couldn't. But — but I bavo never hsd any thing I wanted in this life yet, and it ia nothing new to me to go without. Poor Bertha. Those words wore the key note to her whole life's history. Bat Jack was different ; ho was not made of the stuff of which martyrs are made. He had always been used to have hiB own way, and he feit inclined to fight for it now. ' Yon must stick to me,' he said decisively. ' I won't give you up Bertha. It would be different if your huaband had ever been any thing but a brute to you. I don't want to say hard things of him now, but, well, you know, and I know. Do you think ho wants you as I do 7 Hor lips trembled. 1 Ho — he Bwore at me when I went into his room,' she answered in a low shamed voioe ; ' But still — but still — Jack dear, you must go, and I must stay.' He looked at her keenly. 1 What if I refuse — positively refuse — to go without you V he asked. Sho shook her head. ' You won't do that, Jack, I know. It would not be like you. I am quito deter mined, and I know you won't press me because — because I trust you.' Ho was still looking at her with that keen searching gaze. ' Determined to send me away from you, Bertha 1 Quite, quite determined 1' 1 Quite determined, dear,' she answered, sadly. Ho shrugged his BhouldorB and frownod darkly for a moment, then all at once his eyes softened. Tho look on hor faco, and tho knowledge of all that her decision meant to hor might have touched and ennobled a far harder and worse man than he. 1 You are au angel, Bertha,' he eaid. If ever thoro was an angel on earth it's you — but don't blame mo, dear, if I can't holp wishing that you were just a littlo mora humau. That's my man's nature, I suppose, and the man's nature is brutal at best, as somebody or other Baid. I know you're right to sond me awsy — and God forbid that I should hinder you from doing what 18 right. Perhaps I shall feel differently some day, but just now I can't think of anything but how hard it is to givo you up, and how lonely I shall be without you.' Then ho took her hands in his and drew her a littlo nearer to him, as he wont on in a gravor tono. 1 Don't think that I lose eight of your troubles because I think so much of my own. I'm a eelfiah brute I know, but I hopo I'm not quito so bad at that. I know — who hotter ! — all that you havo Buffered and all that you must suffer, and I would do anything in the world to holp you — what oan I do V He looked at her with paseionato plead ing, but her eyes did not waver in their soft steudy gaze. 1 You can do nothing, Jack,' sho said. And then she drew her hande away. So tho die was oast. When Jaok went away ho went alone, and Bertha, with tear-dimmed oyee, took up tho burden of the old days again. Once lifo had held the oup of bappinesB to her eager lips, but fata had dashed it aside. Onoe sho had stood on ' the threshold of delight, ' but she was never to cross it in this world. 