GENERAL: . iAxdb SowxtaiL—jLtr,lh« "iw»ating' 6t jjSnjtj . ' A&tondsi;/jiltofHw^ ' on :F«dto . afternoon, »^ Hi'' Wfln1ilp fti-MijS® '. ■ fM »h6 gn*1ilm«, • - ;i]|4jariiSi*.* toooesior to ;Dr. Ptrks •»»_ i \- d^M^a, ;;ThB<»^itta(i»ppoin((»a to boa'to/. withthe Government onthe subject reported, that they had interviewed the Chief Saoratonr, ■ uii u a result the Government bad - decided thai the salary should be £400, bat the Chief Secretary thought tbe Boird ihotid in thfi first instahoa advertise looally, thongh he agreed that .if it were found neoessary to go ontside the oolony tbe -Board anight as trail { call for applications in England.. In oonae qoenoe of .this ah adrarbisetnent bad been fewer ted in thelooalpapers, and a nninber of BppIioaUpn* had been reoelted. At personal questions connected with the candidates wore btoM they raoomtoended that the- Board should go into oommittee to oonaider the Batter. The Board adopted this oonrse at tbeoloas of ths ordinary meeting. After some discussion it was deoidad that'the. same ootn-; mitteo should wait -upon; the Chief Seoretory and reopen tbe wholesnbjepi with him. There Wpre eight South Australian applicants, and two from outside the oolony. ■Mibs Gbahah's SalabT. —The Hospital Board hot not yet got away from its trouble with the nnreee. Mies Graham, who ia now enjoying leave of absence on full pay granted by the Government, eent a letter to thelast meeting of the Board, which she reqnested •bonid be transmitted to the Chief Secretary, ashing for payment of £40 fa- 2d. for salary *p to September SO. She mentioned that she bad had ten weeks' private employment, fas wliioh allowance had been mede.. The Board decided to return the letter to Miss Graham, informing her that at aha had no focus standi with ths Beard she had betbsr oommunioate direot with the Chief Secretary. ARbhabkablbOficbation.- Mist Adelaide Porter, who went to England some few years ago as the Elder Soholarof Musio, has been, through the akill of the Adelaide doctors^ reprieved from tbe sentenoe of "no more pianoforte-playing progress." It will be remtmbered that while at College in England Misa Porter, by raising her hand to guard her head from • playful stroke by a fellow pupil, received the -foroe of the blow on; the third and fourth Sogers, of her right hand, whioh were forced book. Tbe result was ths straining of ena of the tendons in the forearm to such an extent that those Sogers beoatae 'stiff and dead, and conse quently useless to the talented young artist, -tout putting an end to her studies in piano forte-playing. Although leading experts a& home pronounced the damage irreparable, Professor Watson, of ths Adelaide University, bald a different opinion, and last week he, along with Drs. Stirling and Marten, per formed an operation on the arm.. On opening the .forearm they found the. tendons whioh governed the injured Sogers twisted, and righted them. The reBult is that ths patient is able now so move the fingers for the first J time for about two years, and ths mediual ! gentlemen who so snoossef oily performed the operation are of opinion that for pianoforte playing, at any rate, the digits will be as good Mover, a result most gratifying alike to Mias Porter and to her many friends and admirers. Livb-btook Regulations.—'The Harbour master at Port Adelaide has drafted regula tions whioh it is inoended shall apply to the shipments -of live etook to.Western Australia and other parti, and these are at present under consideration. About seventeen regulations have beon framed, and these deal with the portions of vessels on whioh atook may be carried, and with the ohuraoter of the aooem modatlon whioh * it will be Deoseaa-ry to provide. It is proposed that oattle shall not be oarried on more than two decks, exoept in vessels engaged in the inter colonial trade, when they may be carried in the lower bold, provided thB spaoe has not a leas height than 7 ft., and -the ventilation is ade quate. A gangway free of obstruction must be provided from end to end of the vessel, and no oattle oan be oarried unless properly secured in pent oonstruoted aooording to plan. The proposed regulations provide that live •took shall be proteotad against the weather, and homes and camels are to be boosed in separate stalls with dsok spaoe of not less than# ft. by 2 ft. 6. in. unlets oarried in pane with adeok space of not less than 8 ft, by 10ft, when not more than four or (ire small behsts oan be put together. Larger etook most be eeonrely tied by the bead. The Marine Board will oonsidar the regulations at tbe next meeting. A- IiOng Dawr.—A bottle message whioh wm foand on August 9 at Hirtshala, Denmark, reveals the faot that the bottle had drifted about in the North Atlantic for a period of two years. The message, whioh was written by a passenger on board the Beaver liner Lake Ontario, was set afioat on Angnst 31,1893, in tat. 54° 10' N., long. 45° 48* W., the distanoe run being 1,503 miles. Hirtsbais, Denmark, lies in let. 57° 33' N., long, 9° 57' B Ths bottle had thus taken two yean to drift a distanoe of a bent 2,080 milei. An Anglican Nbwspapbb.—At a meeting of pertpns who had agreed to became mem bers of "The Obnroh of England New-paper Company,". held' at the Chnreh Offioe on Friday.afternoon,under the presidency of Dr. T; K.Hamilton, toe memorandum and artioiea ef association were agreed to and pessed. On the motion of Bishop Banner it was decided tooall the new paper the Church, \'ewt.:- The Revs.. W. B. Andrews and J. Sunter and Messrs. H. Morgan Hawkes, T.. H. Bowsn, and T. K. Hamilton, M.D., were appointed the first Direotora, ,Yita£ Statistics.-—The pumber of births and deaths registered in theGeneral Register Oifiroh during the week ended.. Saturday, October 12, were :—Births, .89. males, 67 females j deaths, 33 males, 18 females; .total, 108 *births, 51 deaths "r exosm-nf births,106. The Diatriot of Adelaide—Births, 20 males, 21 fsmoialesj deaths, 9 males, $ females; total, 41 Births, lAdtotbs; eMBSsbf hirttxi, 27 *—**. ty~m*i#W»k#^r J»H!> :&!$&&:: rjj^,;ps^W;-.33ip..;m dates is ijdrlitii* 'l«MI', j»';: fmlf.year».ThU-win;not ^Apply-to youths' :9^biwy«^lui^/^^HBitui£l(i|4.^ttVje<^ for next iDeotm tor.!? The .^Smwot»ry of StsAU ■has» blab jBfamiimSiit ,V despatch covering hbpy.of .* .letWr f rnm the Lords oftthe Ad mirsltyenoloaing partioulsra. ofan Order-in- Gounoildealingwithregale liuu for l|io utruti to tltt navyof offiqert ,6t tbemeroaotile marine. Cipteavrill befilad in the offioe of-the Chief Seoretary, where; they will to open for inspection. : Our Expobts.—The R.M.8. Orotava, which left for Eaglaud oil Wednesday last, took 628 bQxe* or about 13 tone of better on behalf of the Prodnoe Export Department. Seventeen oases are for the London Wine and Prodnoe Depot. By the Arosdie, sailing next Wedneaday,33 tone of butter will be forwarded through* the Produce Export Department to the- mother country. There will also be a consignment of eggs; and 2,600 galloBa of wine, whiab hee been at the Port Adelaide Depot, awaiting shipment, will be tent by the ssme steamer... Opf TO Mblbodekh.—His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. 0. Tnoker) ieft Ade laide for a visit to Melbourne on Priday'after noon. He returns on Tuesday morning. Rbtubnino. Tbavbllebs. — Meesrs. - J. Vardon and P. Raid, who have been for a tour aronnd the world, arrived home yesterday by the Melbourne express. They- bad been absent eight months, and during that time visited the great oilies. of Europe, and journeyed through Amerioa, returning by tbe San Francisco route. Dban Kennedy.—Dean Kennedy passed a bad mgbt on Thursday, but Dr.O'Oonnell advises that be was a little easier on Friday morning. Tan Mbmomal to the Latb Rev. B. 0. Stephenson, M A.—The Hon. Treasurer, Mr. 6. W. Hswkee, on behalf - of the Committee appointed to take charge of the Stephenson Memorial Fund, has supplied the following statement, so that Mr. Stephenson's numerous friends who have given subsoriptiona may know bow muoli money has been reoeived, and how it has btao expended. The total amount reoeived was £458 7s. lid., and the following distribution has been made:—To pay off the.debt on the Oburoh of the Good Shepherd, Biwden, £190 lie. 41.; for .the'endow meat of the same Chordh, £180; for the ereosion of a memorial font and brass tablet in this Ohuroh, £35; for tbe erection of a memorial arose in Che North-road Cemetery, £2110t.; printing and other expenses, £5 lOd.j balance paid over to the Diitriot Trained Nurses' Association, €24 6a. »d. Sunday Tbains to Moon r Baukbb.—A final effort (says the Courier) is to be made to induos the. R .itway Commissioner to favour Mount Barker with one or mora trains on Sunday during the summer months.' Messrs. F. O. Aldridge and A. 0. Daw are interest ing themselves in the matter, and it is pro posed to get signatures to a requisition, urging the residents' desire to have the aonvenienoe granted them. Sodden Death ' at Maoolbspibld.—Oh Tuesday Mrs. O'Connor, of Macclesfield, left her bouse with milk for the creamery, and bad only prooeeded a abort distance when she fell dowa end immediately expired. Dr. Shone, of Strathalbyn, end tbe putioe were promptly oommuuicated with (nays the Mount Barker Courier), but after ascertaining tbe particulars tbey considered an inquest unne cessary, theoauseof death being heart disease. Some years ago Mrs. O'Connor's husband came to a painful end through falling into fire during a fit, and being alone in the house life waa extinot when his body was dis covered. Dbath op Mas. Natf.—The Mount Barker Courier says:—Mrs. Fiederiok Natl, who died at Wistow on 9aturday at the age of eighty-seven years, was an" old ooloniBt, having arrived from Higbam, Kent, with her husband and family by the ship Oonstanoe in 1850. After a few months' residence in the Tiers Mrs. Nstt removed to Spring Valley, Wistow, where ehe had lived ever sinoe. The deceased snrvired her husband eleven years. There are nine children living and a great many grandchildren and great-grand children. Toe funeral took plane at the 2ion Bill Cemetery ou Tuesday afternoon and was largely attended. The Rev. W. T. Wiltshire officiated at the grave. Tun Thames' Hall Building.— Exoellent progress continues to be made in tbe erec tion of the new Trades Hall Building, Grate street (says the >Vetkly Herald). The walls are now above tbe first floor, the joists of wbioh are laid, and as the work in the upper portion of tbe building it moob lighter than below, the progress will be proportionately more rapid. A good general idea oan now be. formed of the aooommodation tbe building will afford, and this appears to have been very carefully thought out by the arehiteot, Mr. T. H. Santos. Mr. Williams, the super intendent of tbe work, says the men have all worked splendidly, and be Has had no trouble at all. The bdiidmg, so far. ee it has 'pro gressed, affords an excellent. object, lesson of the value of fairly paid labour and reasonable hours of work, as opposed to outnpetitioh and "s westing." - Inoohing P, & O. -Stbakeb.—The Rome left Albany at noon.on Friday, and the com mander advises that he cxpeots to reach Largs Bay at about noon on Monday. The Latb Mb. Csables Day.—Letters were received by the last English mail from the late Mr,. Charles Day, who when he wrote was in London. Ithad been hie intention to spend Obrietmas in England, but lie bad been suffering from oolds, and bad decided to leave for'Adelaide by tbe German steamer Prinz Regent Luitpold on October 27, so as to avoid the winter. Unfortunately, as irar telegrams have shown, he waa attacked by in fiuenza, to whtoh be soooumbed. Man. - Norian.—The mails for tbe Dnitad Kingdom, eent per San Franoisoo on August P9, arrived in T-nndon on October 9. po wsrto intsroept /gambling correspondence, addrassd Ao .oxhw ootomo».: Unaer SAiqtf.lldie '^i»|»M^|aa^aBlr ^tuUi; power sofefniedelivery ofgatnuling Jetteri.' This > a^a^t|out^$MVfnr^;litab)^^Mi•• >-pf t weeps Wn tf noted within our own borders, andhenoe ihe migrationofthe sweep pro motetato UrnbanB, cranny, Alburjr, prother places ouuide Victoria. - Following tip the prinoiple ofthe Act the Viotorian Postal Do- ■ psrtment (topped letters-going ; it> ■weep offioea ip another oolong And pa nation tt kv . »u brouithsby an investor,"with tbs result chat the Oourt in HartlaV, OampbsU decided that the powerof the poatalautho ritiepWM limited to letters whose dettitietioo Was in' Victoria. \\* To make it clear that letters may he stoppadsirbsii addressed outside tbe colony to evade the existing law.an amending Post-offio^Aot has-, been introduoed 'in the Assembly, and one ofitimainfeatnret i* to extendtbe p iwer'of intvroeption of euoh ooir reepondenov.no matter to what addreaait may bedirected. Arrival op ton GoVebnob'b Fbtvatk Secretary.—Among the passengers who arrived. by the mail steamer. Ouaoo from London o» Wednesday was the Hon. A. IS. 3\. Henniker-Major, son pi Lord Henniker, Isjrd-in-waiting to the Queen. Captain Henniker-Major, it will be remembered, was here as. Private Secretary.to Lord Kin tore, returning to England in December, 1893. He has been chosen by the Governor;-; hii Thomas Fo'well Buxton, to aot as his Private Secretary, and therefore will have the opportunity of renewing friendships made in Adelaide a few years bach.' He was met oh the Ouzod; and welcomed by'Mr. C. B. Owen Smyth, and Mr. O. J. Valentine. Accompanying him od the Onion were seven servants for Government Home, and there are also tome more to follow in the Austral, by which boat "His' Excellency and Lady Viotoria Buxton are to arrive. With their Excellencies are the two Misses Baxton, and two of the younger sons. The third Miss Baxton is remaining. in England, as, well as the two elder sons, one of whom is married, Mr. Qouybeare, tutor totba eom, and Captain Guysej of the Queen's; Own Liverpool Regi meut, who will aot aa Aide- de-Camp, are also on board the Austral. Industry amongst School Obildebk.— Mr. A. Molineux, Secretary of the Agricul tural Bureau, has reosived from Mr. J. A. Hartley, Inspeotur-ueneral of Schools, some samples of rope made by tbB obildren attend ing the sohuol at Murray Town. The rope has been inauufaotured out of seoondhand binier twine—that is, after the fibre had been taken off the sheaves and thrown away. The sohool children had gathered it and made with it doormats aud ropes. Mr. Anderson, the teaober at the school at Murray Town, must be oomplimented on this result of his instruction. Dean .Kennedy.—We regret to learn that Dean Kennedy, who has charge of the Roman Oatholio parish oi North Adeiaida, is suffer ing from severe oongescion of the bulge, fallowing an attaok of influenza. Dr. O Cju nell is attending-the patient, who was in a state of oollapre duriDg Tuesday night, hut rallied slightly on Wednesday morning, l'btre was not muob change in his condition during Wednesday. The Dean first oom § Lined of having caught a Onld on Friday, eptsmber 27, but he joined the retreat given by the Rev, Fattier Viooeot, O.P., to the olergy at West-terraoo, on the following Monday. During the retreat he was taken ill aud had to return home. Ho rallied, but on Saturday a ohange for the worse oet in. His medical attendant ordered him not toolfioiate on Sunday, but heoarried out his usual duties in the morning, saying two masses at Lower North Adelaide. After seooud mass ho com pletely collapsed, and Dr. O'Oonnell on Mon day sent word to West- terraoe that it would as advisable to have a priest in oontinual at tendance on him. He was visited by Aroh bishop O'Reily and Arohprieat Nevin on Tuesday morning, and the last aaoramenta were administered by the Arohbishop, who paid another visit to the Dean on Tuesday evening. Arohpriest Nevin and Father Murphy remained with the sufferer all Tuesday night. On Thursday morning the Dean was slightly better. At midnight, however, there was a change for the worse, and the Dean way regarded by Dr. O'Oonnell as being in a very oritiualoondition. A Stabbing Oa&E.;—On Wednesday morn ling at the Adelaide Polioe Court, betore Messrs. J. Gordon. S. M., I. Abbott, and W. Hooper, a man named Thomas Palmer, who appeared in the dock with a plaster stretching aoross bis nose and beneath bis eyes, contusions on biB head; and blood stains on his shirt, was charged with having, on October 15, malioionsly and unlawfully wounded Thomas Millas. Dr. Hone, a House ' Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, whu attended Millas, found at the baok of the left ear a deep wound which appeared to have been mode by' a sharp instrument. There were three other wounds on the head. Constable Ponhalt gave evidenoe, and Sydney MoDonald said he heard a disturbance at the defendant'a house in Franklin-street, and on going Asa ska a'nnfc ho haawxi tha Hofnn^antL wife ' say, "He is stabbling him.' He saw Millas on top of the defendant, and the former was covered with blood. He heard Millas say, "I'll learn you to obo a knife." The oaae was, on the anplioation of Inspector Sullivan, adjourned till Friday. Enterprising Adelaide Merchanto — Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs:—"Mr. George Wiloox, an Adelaide merchant, has obtained a valuable blook of land in Young street, noar the Circular Quay, on which be intends to build large premises for the wool and skin business n;w carried on by Messrs. George Wilcox & Oo. Plans are drawn by Mr. Anderson, of this city." OobTomb Revenue.—'The tevenue through the Oustom-hou-e from July 1 to Ootober 13 amounts to £1G5,S11 9» 6d , which repre sents an increase of £18,046 3s. 9d. on the re .oeintsfor the corresponding period of 1894 I,The beer duties polleoted.sinoe .the beginning : .f the present financial year amount to £5,979 17s. Id, - MINISTERS ON THB WAHBHtP.-^On Saturday morning the Premier -and. Chief Secretary -visited the Italian warship Oristoforo Colombo at Port Adelaide. The Chops—The continued dry weather is oausing great anxiety on acoount of theoondi tion of thn oereal crops, Oo Yorke's Penin sula tbe wheat is very baok ward. The hay. yield is almost certain to be a light one now, whilst tbe harvest prjapeots are .not ft all promising. - The season has been one of the wont experienced sinoe Yorke's Peninsula was thrown open to the farmers. In the dis triots about Ardro«sah_ and Maitland ' the wheat crops ore badly in want of rain, and witboot it shortly the yield' will be' it very small one. In same places the wheat is only a few inohee high and already coming out in ear, whilat-in roanyoasesthe fields look as if ! they bad - been -self-sown instead of -having , beep well cultivated- ; Lithe,jghi '* ' " sngementtler :the rs httptwadtifaM,:. Hls^oiJIei^S \- , - that adopted ;at tie w Goveroorie vwieoced: toreooh jAaelaiae towards theblbseofthis month. :'-■%. ViafeBBaAi. -—His 'BicfiUenoy tlie ^ea Gbvernment Hons* on JJkldajr' week,wh#n the . following ■ were present,: — Hie . Ro;el Highnosstbe JUafce' or Abrntti. OkpUin lfcr tolmi, • Commander Freabi'tera^ Lieutenant Oagm, Dootoy De Belli, Snb-Lieotebant Fensi, tbePremier (Hon. 0. 0. EiiigttopJ, the ChiefSeerataryfllon. J.H. Gordonj,S»r Williem.Windeysr,Sir Jenkin Doles, Hon.Dr.' Oampbell/JLL-O., Colonel Gordon, Captain Oreswell, Mr. Wright {Consular Agent, for Italy), Captain Hawker, Mr. Witdtjer.ui Major Taylor. On Saturday morning "Hie leLieutenant-Uo Excellency the Jneutenaht^oyernor" tinted the Zoological" Gardens, accompanied by H.8.H. the Duo di-Abrufczl and Bagbmti Oagni, Aide-de-Oamp to the Prinoe, Mr. Wiodeyer.asiooiata to hi* father Sir William Windeyyr, Jodgeof Neir Booth Wales, aud . Major H. B. Taylor, Aide-de- Oampto Hi* SzMllenoy. '., The warty were esoortedtorough the Gardens by Mr.M.nchin, the Director, aod afterwards weie shown through the Botanic Gardens by Mr. Holtte,the Curator. Theltalian Prinoesnbsequently returned to the steamer, travelling in the viceregal carriage to the Port , Tab Bahqub Alabtob.—Some anxioty is felt as the safety of the barque Alastor, -which loaded Wheat for Meagre. W. R. Gave find Do., had siuled front'Port Victor on April26 for theU.K. Messrs.Oave&Oo..how; ever, have just reeeived a letter from their Port Viotor agent.' tn whieb he etatte that' the" Alaator bailed' at' St. 'Helena :on August 6 for - provisions. Thie ' 'would cause •one delay,' and' as the ship was foul through not baring been slipped prior to f ailing, her progress Would probably be slow, t ie pointed out, Mao, that up to tho present no reinsurance, hare been effected on the Alaator, whioh suggested that no apprehen sion is felt in London at the vestel'e non arrival. Guy BoothbtV Wobr.—Aooording to the Bookman Mr. Rider Haggard evidently shares with Mr. Rudyard Kipling bis appre ciation of the work of that rising young South Australian author, Mr. Guy Bootbby. He has purohaaed for publication in the African Remeia Mr. Boothby's new novel "The Beautiful White Devil." National Depencb League.—The monthly meeting of the Oonnail. was held on Thursday evening, Mr.. A. L. Harrold presiding over a full attendance of members. The Executive Committee's report was received, and the work of the various sub committees noted. It was resolved to invite representatives of the various braoohea and other leading members to a Conference ou January 24, 1838, further arrangements being left to the Executive. The various points of the polioy to be sub mitted were oonsidered and progress made, A Footballbu'h Obituaav Nonoa.—A recent issue of the Mount Barker Courier announoed " with deepest regret" that Alfred Fiulsy, a prominent footballer, had sua cumbed to'typhoid fever in Western Aus tralia. Born and ednoated in Strathalbyn, Finlay served his apprentioesbiD to Mr. J, W. Elliott as a ooinpcsitor, and afterwards went to the RegMer, at the same time joining the Norwood Club. Tho West Auitfilian for Octobers writes:—"Mr. Finlay has called at this office, and we can vouch that he is alive and, as a footballer should be, kioking." The Gbnpowoeb Explosion Fatality.— Much pubi.io interest hat been im ported into the enquiry as to the cause of the deatb of young Sidney Parkur, a victim of the explosion of gunpowder manufaobnred by himself and a friend on the premises of Mr Parker, obemist, on Saturday week. In the oourse of the evidence the father of the injured boy. who died in the Adelaide Hospital, mode a statement whioh refloated upon the doctors and the Charge Nurse, who happened to be Miss Hawkins, one of the principals of the " Hospital embroglio." The inquest was adjourned from Monday to allow. Mist Hawkins to answer the oharge that a be had, in reply to a oomplaint of the parent, used words that were oonatrued as unkind, and her evidenoe was taken on Tuesday after two witnesses, called in enpport of the allegations, bad been beard, 'lhe in vestigation resulted in the Jury finding a verdict of accidental death, with a rider to the effeot that the deoeased received every attention from the Hospital authorities, aod that they greatly regretted that the parent should have given permission for the manu facture of gunpowder, without supervision. George Bates Fund.—W. T. Morris, 5s. Silver Export.—The special ateamoutter for silver transport took off to the Orot&va; on ■ Tuesday 1S8 bars of fins silver valued at £19.000. The Leiohhardt Expedition.—'Tho Sydney Telegraph reports that Mr. John Roper, the last survivor of the first Leiobbardt party, died at his Tesidenoe, Rosobery Park, Merriwa, on Sunday morning, September 16, at seventy-one years of age. Deoeased was born in Gayton Thorpe, County of Norfolk, England, on February 29, 1824. He received his eduaation in schools in Fakenbam and Lynn, and oame to Australia in 1843, landing in Sydney during that year. He first settled in the Hunter River diatriot, where he managed -'it station for Mr. Alexander Camp bell Walker. Is was while there that he joined theiH-foted Lsiohbardtin the great and successful exploring expedition from Brisbane to Port hissingtoa. Death bx Steanqulatior.—About nine o'clook on Saturday evening, aooording to a report lent to the Metropolitan Police Station by Sergeant BuroheU, officer in oharge at Norwood, Adelaide Philltos, wife of Abraham Phillips, of No. 87, Parade, Norwood, found her child David, two years old, strangled in his not. At about six o ofboh that evening tho ohild was "planed to sleep In the . oat in the . bedroom, . two other of the children s also sleeping in the house. Mrs. Phillips, then, went out shopping, taking four'elder children with her. They returned at 8 p.m., but did not enter the bed room. They, again went.out- aod returned about 9 o'oloolt, when one.of the children went into the bedroom, and immediately colled but that the beby wot hanging throngh the oot. Mr*. Phillips on gbtng into the room taw the child's legs and body hanging through the rails of. the side of the. cot, with the- feet touching the ground. The arms and head were firmly held in the framework, with the face on the .bed. She released the child, and «nt for Dr. Borth wiok, who pronounced life extinct. ' Mr. G. H. Ayliffe, J.P., held. an inquest at the Norwood"Hotel on Monday afternoon. The Jury returned a verdict that-the deoeased earns, to his death by accidentally hanging through the bars ofjuroot, and no blamfe waa attachable to any.one. Bri4w;-*w;»^|iM»wfej*oM 4id»Ujd«>faWi>Pf & \- -,. -,™—, tewyears oooupiad ibe ^IHonMpbiefoFMa Sydney, ,H.Mt ;;Appsjfly,-.>w*» -pin^aal _ jaflpi from the looid !b^tiiihjDfl&jer;>. ';It Mf< i>$W Kpsat regard in;*b icb Mr. Apperlyishehl ■by:4^;jAdiJ«iita;-fMjv:'4Ir.-,r. St JWifijjjj'" tbBinevr Resident Seoritary *1 the Mibra? offios, in prwsntetion,the.*ddr«M then being-read fey/ the Apooun tnn t, Mr, Sohnltc. Mr. Appttjly brieflyrepb'ed. ■ ■;;£ , ;S ;^.;v«".^ '-;;'A RlDIOODODB GHOST StORT.—A fsw wwk* Ago the excited imaginations «t somssnpersti tious residents ofBromptoo ledvto lhe«*hrt ing ofa'report that a ghost badbeepxeen ii the locality.' The rumour has since, aaln tha mm of tbs thre* bUOk orows, grown with re petition by-looliihaud ignorant peraooa, until the aily.anduuburbt aro raid to bo haunted by an eerie visiMsafrnm tbt netherregions, who is given Mw appellation j)f r fSjwiD^-heeled • ;. =^| Jack." Jtie •aid- that tbtt •pooryphal per sonege oarriea a small coffin and a dagger, and has the legend on his breast, " Prepare to meetthy, doom." The atory has spread like wildfire among ohildren, naming in some oases injurious results 1 to tbeir. nsrvatls systems, It it tobe hoped that the idle gossip will speedily be/suppressed. There ia of course not ; the slightest'.ground for the superstition, and those:who are spreading*! to the injury of ohildren and nertonv women deserve. the strongest oensnre. - Onr Bind'1 marsh. oarreapondenb . writes;—"For~*0!ne time rumour* of a ghost having beenxoett bare been rife at Hindmafsh, and a number of wdmbn and ohildren have been deterred from going out after nightfall; indeed sevend persons are .said to bo ill from fright. - The reports torn out to be nnfoanded, and their origin cannot bedisoovered." . . j "The PtoroMAl Australian."—We bare reoeived the onrrent itsne of the specie) gold? field tisne of this monthly. It oontaine plxns of the mineral olaime at Kalgoorlie, Menxies, Lake Anatin, and Ooolgardie, baaidea it epeoially prepared sapplement ehowing Bin interior enriferous region of Western Aue trelie, by Mr. S. Goeze), Government Field! Geologist. The maps are exceedingly clear, and well printed. In addition the paper oontaine thirteen representative pictures o) -the West and the usual quantity ol reading matter. Thb Math Steamers.—The German mail steamer Darmstadt, of the N.D. L. Line, arrived at the Semaphore from Bremen at abont 10.45 on Saturday morning, having made a good run from Onpe Borda, where aba was reported as passing in wards at3. IB in tbo morning. Pratique was at once granted by Dr. Toll, and work in oonneotion with the vessel was begun, ao aa to get her away to Melbourne the tame day. The .Darmstadt bad a fair passenger-list. Among returning ooloniits sn Mr. Ostermeyer, of. Ostarmeyer, Dswez, A Co., who has been taking a four mouths' holiday. . Mr. Ostermeyer visited! various parts of the Continent, but as the trip was not undertaken with any idea of indulging in.business he bad nothingto com munioate on trade matters. Oaptain Winck)er, who is to take command of the German oruisor Buszard, stationed on the Australian ooaet, was aieo a passenger by the Darmstadt, He suooends Captain Soheder. The Darm stadt had 350 tons of cargo for this port, and this was pat nut in time for her to take bar departure again on Salnrday. This morning the Gera, of the German line, will reach the Semaphore from eastern colonies, and the Orotava, also homeward-bound, will likewise arrive. Telegraphic Commcnioatioh with the West.—The Telegraphic Department of South Australia has ascertained from the Western Australian authorities that the route proposed for the eeoond telegraph line to the western ooloDy is from Coolgardie via Norseman; Duudas, and Byre to Euola on tha South Australian Border. The line will he further inland than the present one, and only approaohee the ooaat at Eyre. The pegging of the route for the South Australian portion of the line from Port Augusta has been already begun. "Elder Land."—Writes the MurehUon Timet" Why not oall a part of our vast no- man's land after Sir Thomas Elder, wbb lies cheerfully donated thousands of ponnda for the exploration of the country which wS arenow developing? Mr. Ponton, P.M., one of tha old identities of the Kimborley, strongly advooates a atrip of territory out east being called Elder's Land. Why not? It sounds quits as well as the Barr Smith Range, the Weld Springs,' Mount Sir Samuel, or Lady Edith'a Lagoon, not to mention Israelite Bay. There is an enormous tract of oountry out east from the Murchison not named at all, so a little honour—cheap though it be—might be paid to a "man who has devoted a portion of bis wealth to a good pur pose. By all meaue let the name of Elder's Land be printed on the map. We want to' plaae on record the good works of colonist*, and no happier mode can be suggested than that put forward by Mr. Panton, who ia hifh eelf strongly imbued with the in.tinot -of tha explorer and .the prospentor. We heartijy ooiomend the matter to the notice of the vernment." - Alleged Abddotion.—On Tuesday after-" noon Ooustable Scare, stationed atRosewater, left Adelaide by the Melbourne exprese tt% route to Wellington to bring back the map George Green, who has been arrested on a warrant oo a obarge of abdnotion ol a young girl whose parents live at Port Adelaide, The warrant was taken ont in Aogu'tk Green, who is a married man with a wife and) ebild, residing at Birkenhead, was traced by the police to New Eealand. Constable Bear* will leave Sydney for Wellington by the eteamer Tekapo on Thursday. Land Sold During Skitshbkb.—During September theCrown sold 185 acres 2 rood* Of laud for £205 le. 10d., .and£8S 5a, lOd. wae paid into the Treasury, In addition the following, amonnts were received :—Completion of.pur chase of 7d3 acres,.under Act 14of 1808-9, Ap., £374 19-. ; payment of portion "of purchase-1 uiDuey, £770 16a. 3d.; intsreat on eitsntfdnpf pumtiase-mouey, &p;:, £399s. '6d/j grand'tpta! payments ojn aooouut of land during tte* mnntb, £1,273 Is. €d. -The fojldwing is tha' return of land sold on leasa during the month,: the figures" showing respectively the area in adres and thd annual rents:—I'aatbralleases, ■ 2,861,440, £295 2a. Sd.; misoellanebue leases, 13.015, £868v9d. Leases surrendered fmr^-' Ordinary lauds, nght-of-purohase leasee, 3,711, " £5714s. Id.; do., perpetual leases, 4,767,£88 9s. £H.; do., right of purobase leases w»M, 38.6984, £120 9s. .31,; do., perpetual leasee siild, 2,<>6", £7,10». 3d. Selectors' leases, 465, £8 8s. 9i)„ Working Men's Blocks—Right of purchase. 77i. £810s. 3,d.;- perpetual, 48|, -£3 16s. lid.. Perpetual lessei of educational lands, 1.033J, £19 6s. lid. Total, 2,884ifiga acres, £615 17*. 5d. Oomplptions of ocedft eeleofions fortbemonth repreemfted 703Aerbe and £37419s. roopifpd, 