'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Ghost.'') i ct But that I'm forbid I could a talc uufold whose lightest word would barrow up thy soul. '^—ShakcsfRwro'. ; ; . . fc ? . ♦ j. Parliament is to meet on tho 13th August. A committee of stran'e'y sound* names have been appointed to do tho llpjwb. It will no doubt bo a moBfc august 'aSair,iDat what &n; ominous date. Thir teen is the devil's Dumber, and suppose En accordance with the usual custom, he what sweeping rbform of tho Lower House it would bo. Well, anyway, the body politic has submitted itself to the country t6 ha overhauled, and after getting a few limbs lopped cff, here aud there, and a little fcesh patching done, it's supposed to be in great form for tackling its ' big brother M tbe Upper House. But after all this eponging and rubbiog down, are -they any better able to roform than they were before ? # * » * When England's Wofoey started oat a few years back to catch Arabi Pasha, he made biB calculations and said lie would have him in so many days, hours and minutes. Premier Reid has laid his plans, aud there only remains a little matter of stackiug the enemy, and tbeu within 24 hours the Upper Boose will bo at' his mercy. Bat baring secured and safely boa rid tho - country's watch- dug. What then ? I'll tell you what. If they do it, there'll be about as big a thing in booms for awhile as ever you saw. If they do it (with tbe accent on tbo if) every second man you meet will be au importer, and the other bloke & border smuggler. Every oncwill make big in comes &o;_ba to pay the tax. Every one not an ii^orter or smuggler, will b& able bp get out of his French bed oti to his Brussels carpet, after removing his 1 Chinese silk pyjamas, don his German prison made suit of broadcloth and go out ' to iJig potatoes for' the pigs on Sing Fat's irrigation area. * * They came, they saw, they conquered. TJiose footballers from Deniliquin were just a little superior. Never mind, we have some promising lads— young Dillon and Bell— for instance. After they have eaten a few more bags of Hour its hard to Bay what they'll do. For the preseut learn to play together. Then again, to be a footballer, you must go in for the hop ping and dumb boll business. Whero do ear boys train of a night ?? * * f\ . * Mr Norton is going In. for Rugby, and h&B; almost promised to give au exhibition of the game, single handed, next Wednes- ; day afternoon. If he attempts it the office ! is going to apply for an injunction to re- i strain liim, on the grounds of attempted ! greivous bodily injury. The rules of Rugby are just like the rules of juris prudence,- the way you kiofe depends upon which side you aro on. You are not bound to land on your front side in 'either' case. (We feel tempted lo land the Ghost \- in any case. Ed.) * * * Be belonged to the Temperance Band, and the other night a special call was sprung upon the members rather suddenly to attend rehearsal. As ho lined up at the door to get his breath Bmelt before Blurting practice, thn-sroelierstood hima oneBide, and was moat emphatio about a strong un-temperance aroma. He said it was only ginger ale, but tho oommittes .decided that tbe only thing ginger about him was his hair, and so they poured him feluotantly. out. The last stake of that man was worse than the first. The society is determined to put the thing down, and every fall from grace is to be punished. SfusVfancya ^b&nd; of about a dozeri beery breaths jambing ' Give me a draught from -t!ie crystal spring,' right into the teeth of (he members. Its more than the staunchest of them could stand. v Well, well, he can reveal the past, present and future, by looking»at the palm [of .your hand. A difficult thing to 'palm' off on Borne people. - Soroneeo must have kept his hands carefully behind him when he let that office, or Buroly the ' Pro .lessor ' must have read distinctly that the lacdlord of the Caledonian would have the audacity to expect his money. ' 'Av' joot 'and'rpd ' we heard him say once, and 'we located his University at once. Its an astounding thing that with all the inoriey that lias been spent on the free education of the rising and risen genera tions, bnly such a few women and giggling girlB should 4iave turned up to *vail them selves of tho great opportunity presented by .the professor's visit*. _ ? . . -v 1 Yes.; of coarse, Miss Ddvino has always ? been TeBpectod- and liked by all she haB qnme jo coDtaot with, aod tbe -Fire Brigade haven't had such a heavy job for sometime as was set them a week ago., in saying fpoSSSfcye ^ W4ier».^ Going to be married you know. 'Three of 'em gSnBX!^ in a week to fry- for^themselves, that un problem Js ^narftage a failure i' Yes^ to ? Jthe; ihythin of . one's ? ' mullo;^ «££sBj! : ^-flftnee. . To another our '' nflepring toiV'jtraine«3 in the judgments of ^fcnow-; 'l&dge;,'~ \V bile to ~tti e ''1 a e t we 7 scroll ed !otmdi;oBuitnB%el:i©r't^ lost,( May Joy and 'prosperity . attend \\. them.' -The bedding ^aro&^ coti-bYwvtgoroso; ? . . 