OUR GHOST. call it *' Oar Ghost" because Jack and I were there the night it appeared ; \- and bas walked in their family for years. Jack and I were spending Christmas at Hambleton Abbey. Jack was home on sick leave, I remember, so It most have been two winters ago, and I bad my holidays. We bad got safely over Christmas and the dinner, and bad all drank the health of the New Year and each other's. Oar visit was drawing to a close, and we were all sitting round the fife on the Twelfth Night Eve tel ling ghost stories. " I sav, haven't yon a ghost at tbe Abbey ?" I asked 8am. " Batter I" I "When is he duet Isn't this a sort of holiday time for ghost* ?" <i .Tam vm 1" mmltlmAA Rim . ft m " Bay Jove, yes I" etolsimod Sam; " we all say' Bay Jove' or < George' or' Gam* at Eton/' Then he tuned to Viw Bunbleton, and asked; " Doesn't oar family ghost walk on Twelfth Night, Bella t" Bella thoaght it did, and we thought, if on Twelfth Night, why not on Twelfth Night Eve, and proposed to hunt for it. Some of the younger ones were frightened at the idea; but Jack promised to take special care of them, unless they would rather stay be hind in the well-lighted drawing-room till we came back. Of course, the idea of a ghost-hunt was I splendid, and Bella said, "Though she did not believe in spirits or aspirations, she would not mind joining the party." It's my opinion that, if she had believed in them, she would have stayed shivering indoors with the youngsters. " Let us hear the history of this ghost before we start," proposed my brother, and Gert, Sam, and Poodle, all began at once to tell it. " It's known as " The mad Ghost of the Abbey," began Gert. " Good heavens 1 I never heard of a mad ghost before," exclaimed Jack. " And it dates back to the time when the abbey was occupied by the monks," continued Sam. Then one after the other, or all altogether, they told the rest of the ghost's history, and, as near as I can remember, it was this : The Humbleton monks got hold of an old Jew, who, they had reason to believe, bad a Btore of money; they happened to be hard np at the time themselves. Sam didn't know why, but supposed they had lost money at the races. Bella said monks did not bet, and Sam declared he was speaking of the human race, and that, anyhow, it was a known thing that, however good a man might be, a monk was better. " Why, some of those fellows lived on the tnrf, or, anyhow, slept on it," he wound up ; but Poodle told him to "dry np," and went on to explain that the monks captured this said Jew, took him into the abbey, and shut him up in a cell till he should confess the secret of the hiding-place of his treasure. Hence the expression : " VVhat a dismal sell whoa you are taken in at any time," interrupted Sam. But the Jew would not reveal, neither would he become a Christian, which alterna tive they offered him. Day by day the abbot sent a brother in to hear his answer, but it was always the same. So they tired o£ wait ing till the monk came ont to give his report, and so it happened that it was some time be fore the brotherhood found out that some of their number were missing. Then it dawned upon them that the five bretbern who had disappeared were the five who, for the last successive days, had been told off to go and visit the Jew, and take him bis crust of bread to fast on. So several entered the cell at once, and fonndthe prisoner a raving maniac, knawing at the bones and playing with the skulls of the unfortunate monks he had, one by one, overcome and devoured. Well, the monks would not brick him up comfortably, and so get rid of him, because of the secret, so they chained him to the wall and kept him till he died ; and he used to grovel about on the earth, looking for bones, like a dog, and snarling and howling at all who came near him. He never divulged his secret and died, still raving, one Twelfth Nigbt, and since that time has haunted the ruins at that season, walking on his handB and knees and rattling his cLiain. This was the story of the mad ghost of Humbleton Abbey-" Tomble-down Abbey" we used to call it, especially when speaking of the old ruins out at the end of the garden. -all that was left of the famous abbey now, and the part that was said to be haunted. " Now, who is ready to look for the Jew ?" asked Jack, at the finish of the recital. Bella thought it would be too cold, and she bad better stay back with the little ones. Girt said the ruins were so dreadfully dirty, and she had a new frock on. Poodle said he was ready, and seized the poker. Sam declared " he'd go if Poodle did." So we four fellows formed the party. Just then the Major came in and asked what we were up to, and, on being told, ex claimed, " Come along, girls ; don't be afraid, and we'll all go and look for ghosts." So they joined us, and Gert would insist on taking " Flirt," her fox terrier, bb protection. The ruins were about a quarter of a mile from the bouse, even going the shortest way through the stables. Sam proposed letting loose Abbot and Monk, but Major Humbleton thought they would be too noisy, so we left them in the yard, much interested and cxcited in our nocturnal expedition. The ruins looked fine in the moonlight, only there wasn't much light; there was only a cresccnt moon, and that kept dodging be hind the skudding clouds. Every here and there were 6till slight traces of suow left, that shone white and cold when the moonbeams rested on them. The night was frosty, and our breath crystalised on the night air as it left our lips. "Quite a ghost-like evening," remarked Jack. " Oh ! don't. Lieutenant Ordly *" you make me nervous," cried Bella, shrinking np close to her father as she spoke. We were near enough to sec the ruinB quite plainly now ; nearest to us stood half an old gateway under part of a tower, gaping open and leading to nowhere ; to the side of the square tower still standing was an old broken wall, with an unsafe-looking gallery running along it. At the other end of the wall was a round tower, and two sides of some large hall, and part of the roof still intact. All was covered with ivy and moss, and looked very inviting for earwigs, I thought. " I suppose you girls are prepared for a little clambering ?" asked Major Humbleton, as we paused under the archway. " There is supposed to be an old staircasc here about, by which we can get to the corridor up there." ?Poodle found the stairs in a nichc in the wall, such as they were, and immediately prepared to scale them, when-b-r-r-r-r I f-z-zl b-r-r-r-r! and he was laid, unceremoniously, on the flat of bis back as an old brown owl J hurried out of its hiding place. " Here, play fair," shouted Sam after the retreating bird ; " you aren't a ghost 1" Sam has such presence of mind, I hare noticed, when be is not the one in danger. " One of you other fellows can go up first j if yon like," offered Poodle, as he struggled to bis leet; " yon seem to find it so funny." No one elw offend, so I bad to, just to ?how them I wasn't afraid. I felt round first, though, with the riding whip I bad with me. It was inky dark up there, wherever I bad got to, so we had the lantern lit, which the Major had brought with him, " Why didn't we think to bring our cycling lamp*? suggested Bun; "we ooold have mustered quite a number." Bat it was too late then, and not worth while going back after them. In time we all got np the stairway, and found ounolvM nn at tut in the oorrldor. was very narrow, and we bad to walk file. The Major led with the light and elim cane as a weapon. Sam followed with 8 ton test walking stick he «conld find is stand. I wanted to come next, but Gert she Bbonld feel safer between ns, so she followed, grasping ber tennis racquet. Next came with Jack's hunting crop, and then Foodie still brandishing the poker, undaunted, though he had been knocked down by a boot owl. Behind Poodle followed Bella, with the gong-beater in her hand-ft thing like a drumstick, with a big, soft end that wouldn't have brushed a fly-and after her walked my brother Jack. He had not brought ? any stick or weapon, as be had promised to look after the girls. And little Flirt ran where she could among us. The gallery was open to the sir on one side, but had a roof, supported by pillars, running clear up from the ground below. Sometimes a bat flew in our faces as we proceeded, bat nothing very exciting happened as we crept slowly along till the Major stopped short with a " Holla t steady, you behind there; I can't get on. There was a break in the wall, but about four or five feet further on the gallery and wall continued; there might have been a cross-passage there originally, or part of the wall bad given way and fallen out, but the ' old stones and bricks were lying about, and with a good deal of care and difficulty, we managed to scramble down one side and up the other. It was an awful bother getting the girls across. I was for leaving them behind till we returned, but Jack would not hear of it. After a bit we got into order again, and proceeded pretty much a6 before. "Underneath us the secret cclls are said have been," Sam remarked to me as we all went along. " What was that?" exclaimed Gert, as he spoke. I heard it, too ; right underneath us -a 6oft sound as of someone moving about among the debris-a sort of short Bigh, oace or twice. " Turn the light down towards the earth, father," whispered Bella. And then we found out that Major Humbleton bad forgotten to pick up his lantern again when he put it down to help Gert over the broken Btonesl We were, therefore, in darkness, save for the fitful light of the moon, and such struggling beams seemed only to intensify the blackness. But the mysterious noises under our feet seemed to be going from ub rather than following or coming nearer, and in another minute or eo wc were at the end of the passage. After the break the corridor WSB only about 20ft. long-perhaps not so much. It ended in a sort of a recess, not big enough to bold us air at a time. " There is nothing more to see; we may as well go back," said the Major, after we had poked about for a few minutes. " There must be something more, sir ; we could guess as much from our glimpse of this end from the archway," I argued. " Doubtless, Savage" (he always called me by the name his son and the rest of our fellows knew me by), but I don't see how we are to come at it through brick walls." " Stay a bit; here's a door," cried Sam, but it turned out to be only an old entrance bricked up, and there was no way of forcing it. Still, all who could turned their attention to it, and Sam, Foodie, and I began to pick out the moss and grit from between the stones. Flirt, too, helped as well as she could, by scratching at the earth underneath it. Suddenly, just as I had my knife 6tuck up to the hilt in the moss and lichen, an awful sound came from the other end of the corridor. '? Who is making those foolish noises 1" demanded the Major. But while bespoke it came again-a blood freezing sound. It was not a howl, and it was not a snarl, yet it reminded me of the end of the ghost talk, " And he snarled and howled at all who came near him." It drew nearer, and slowly and surely up the corridor and towards us. " It's it," cried Poodle in a terrified whis per ; «I can hear the chains 1" Yes, no, moBt certainly yes, there was the clank of chains I There was an awful silence, broken only by a bowl from our midst from Flirt. I thought this ominous at first, till I heard Poodle exclaim testily, "Well, don't stand there, if you don't like being stepped upon*" Poodle's remark quite restored me to myself; it seemed so homelike and common place ; and I said briskly. " Come on, yon chaps, let's all rush at him together," or at least I was jnBt going to propose it when another uncanny noiBe proceeded from the other corridor. " The divil!" muttered Jack, with as Irish, an accent as when he first left Cork. " It is in the passage; I can see him !" We could all sec him, I think, then creep ing and crouching along on all fours.' I never realised till that moment that I crew bristles all down my spine ; but I felt them tarn cold one by one and all stand up on end. Gertie clung tn me, and that gave me n sort of courage. I felt I bad got to face this awful thing for both of us, for she wasn't fit to. I tried to say something bright and cheery, but the thought refused to work at all, so I squeeze! her firm reassuringly-she had the braises from my finger-marks for ten days afterwards, Bella told me. Jack strode forward just a little way down the corridor. " What stupid fool is plnying pranks there?" he called out, "Is it you, Jerry, or any boys from the stable ?" No answer. .... " Speak up, and don't act the giddy goat, commanded my brother. It was awful 1 I could have heard my heart beat, if it hadn't stopped dead long before. I wondered why Major Humbleton said no word to the ghost. It was his ghost, and, therefore, clearly his place to address it, I thought. But I now saw he was holding Bella in his arms-she had fainted ; a mean way I call that of getting out of a difficulty I Sam had bodily disappeared-I found out afterwards ho bad swarmed down one of the columns supporting the gallery. He tan off to get a light, be told us later (alighted to ran off, the Major said be must mean); nevertheless, I wished I bad thought of running for assistance. They all seemed to leave it to my brother to be spokesman of the party, and soon he' addressed the apparition again-thU time not so kindly, but as much to the point: " Now, I give you a fair warning," said Jack; " if you don't dear out In lets than balf no time, I shall hare the greatest of pleamie of potting a ballet into your bead." Still no answer, but the mad ghoat came on; be stood almost ten feet from the edge, on the other aide of the break. He would, doubtless, cross the paasage way in a moment, and would be then in our part of tim corridor. " Fire!" Enid the Major, sternly, now look ing up from bis daughter, who was recovering, "but fire over his bead," be added hur riedly, *'so as to give the fellow a lesson." " I can't." said Jack, " I haven't my re volver with mc ; hand me year cane, sir Armed with the light cane, Jack walked steadily down the passage. The ghost came nearer, gliding on the edge of the other side, growing bigger as he came nearer. We could see his white breath now, and the fire in its mad eyes, when a horrible sound rent the air -a lopd, ringing laugh from my brother. The same awful thought strock me that prompted the Major's cry : "Great Heaven! he's gone mad," and, putting aside his daughter, be rushed forward to Jack. As he did 60, the mad ghost, with a fierce cry, leaped the five feet of space between us, .md in an instant Jack was felled to the ground 1 A fearful struggle ensued. I was too mixed up with the girl6 and Poodle at the back to be of much use, but I beard it all going on; then in a minute, above the hubbub rose tbe Major's toice in | command, "Come off there, Abbot; leave hold, yon great brute 1 Lie down, sir." Yes, it was rather a tame ending, bat gave ' us ju6t as much fright as if it had been a real ghost, instead of only the great Dane from the stables. He had broken his chain to get after us, and it was doubtless, his sniffing about we baa first heard under the gallery. When it was over, of course, we all laughed over it, but Bella-she was still very much upset when we got back to the house. " I don't think I like brave men," I heard her tell Jack ; " you don't know how you frighteued me !" .' Did I; 1 :im awfully sorry, what did I do ?" " Why, I thought every minute you would be killed by that horrid thing, and yet you would go bravely up to it, Mr. Ordley." " By George 1 I wouldn't have, if I had known it was that beastly great dog," laughed Jack. " I thought it was only a ghost." 