ECCLESIASTICAL UNITY AND CATHOLIC DOGMA. Few people were, surprised at the remarks made the other day by his Eminence Cardinal Moran with reference to the so-called reunion of Christen dom. The attitude taken by the Church, in refusing under any circumstances to reconsider for the pur poses of compromise any of its dogmas, is the atti tude which it has always assumed, and will assume, so long as Apostolical Succession continues and the Roman doctrines are disseminated through the tions of the temple of rock, the oratory is impreg nable, and 'the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it.' The very definition and signification of the dogma, as taught by the Fathers of the Church, jus tifies and indeed urges Rome to manifest the divine logic oi her inflexible course. For the purposes of Union, Calvinists may com promise Avith Lutherans and leave such things as Predestination open questions, or invent some form of words to overcome difficulties appertaining to real or symbolical presence, as the majority of these churches did, in 1817, at the request of the King of Prussia. But the Roman Catholic Church, dispersing to day the waters of the truths which flowed down upon it at Calvary, preserving its identity, its one ness, its infallibility, while monarchs perish and kingdoms decay, rises up like a spirit that reigns victorious over the war of human passion, calm in a day of molten imaginings and gasping heresies, expounding with voice that never tires or falters her changeless, living Faith, through all the vicissi tudes of empire and intolerance ; and to-day she speaks, not as a queen who treats for the amalgama tion of two kingdoms, but as a mother who, with outstretched arms, welcomes home her rebellious children. 'Dogma,' said Cardinal Manning, 'is the true intellectual apprehension, and the true verbal ex pression of the truths and facts of Divine Revela tion. . . . The perpetual knowledge and per petual enunciation of these truths and facts by the perpetual presence and assistance of the Holy Ghost is the infallibility of the Church.' Now then, we may naturally ask, is the Church to con cede anv nne of its dogmas, since they have eachand ml eniiu.;i,'?d from the Divine lips, without, as the same Cardinal says, ' betraying the Divine trust, and ceasing to witness for God'? And since these fundamental truths, these Gothic pillars that support the dome of our Faith, are divine, not human laws, coming from the Father to man, how can we imagine the Church denying even one of the words of God (however it may con sider its rules of discipline) even at the price of converting the whole world to its remaining tenets ? Such a thing is impossible, for in the words of the before-quoted Cardinal — whom we are not afraid of too often quoting, since the voice of the cele brated Archbishop of Westminster will always bo heard in all questions of Catholic d.ootrine-,w© are ready to purchase the reunion of our separated brethren at any oost less than the sacrifice of a jot or a tittle of the supernatural order of unity and faith. ' This is the only price we cannot give, for even so great a happiness as the reconciliation of England. . . . . It is not that we will not, but that we can not.' (The italics are ours.) That is precisely the condition in which Rome stands so far as concerns any modification of her doctrine in a Protestant sense, and thus we see how very misleading and erroneous are the expressions used by our contem poraries, when they speak of ' amalgamation ' and 'union.' There can be no such thing. Amalga mation, presupposes a mixing or blending, a future unity presupposes tne absence of actuality of any form of present unity. And we know that the Church has maintained her unity throughout all ages, she being one, holy, Catholicand Aspostolical, since her foundation upon earth. Many people will remember how a certain society, in which certain Catholics unwarily partici pated,' called, ' The Association for promoting the unity of Christendom,' was treated by the Apos tolic See more than thirty years ago, as also that part of the letter addressed to the Holy Office by the Episcopate in England, declaring that the Christian Church was composed of three parts — the Roman, the Greek, and the Anglican. That was repudiated by the Roman Inquisition through ardinal Patrizi in the strongest terms. Such a theme, it was declared, was a heresy, with drawing the nature of Unity and the Divine Con stitution of Church, and the Church with its divine foresight carried its logic so far as to declare it a heresy even for Catholics, to join in prayer with the so-called unity of those holding that theory. Thus we may be able to form some correct idea of the true meaning of the mission of Lord Halifax and Cardinal Vaughan to Rome. Whatever may re ceive consideration from the Pontiff, we are assured that the dogma is beyond all discussion. The con version and re-entry of England into the true Church are glorious possibilities, but of all things our Faith is the most sacred, it is the chain of dog matism which is the connecting link between God and man, between time and eternity, and they who would reoeive the sacraments of Rome must mind themselves within it. J. ' AS CLEAN AS A NEW PIN,' is mother's proud remark as she puts the finishing touches to MaBter Tommy's toilet before sending him off to school. , It is needless to remark that the above observation will not apply to the young gentleman when he comes home from school in the afternoon, but mother does not mind that- one little bit. She did once, but that was a short time ago, before Tommy was so ill. Now, though his face is very smudgy, his hand simply black, and hair in a proper tangle, yet Tommy is glowing with health, eyes bright, and flesh firm, and when — a few hours later — mother peeps into his cot and sees her bonnie wee laddie wrapped in the deep, pure sleep of healthy childhood, she inwardly blesses Wat son's Gingerbread Worm Nuts, which have been in strumental in bringing about this happy change. 