SOHE QUAINT ANALOGIES We aro told Ibat itip i* (he age of record-breaking eud interviews; it it* aieo the age of compHriBon* (ob-ervtia the London Evening btandird). Yet iu cob etaully drawing compariHOQH we are but emulating unoooecinu?ly the example ewt by several great writers of a pa«t era, aod by mauy literary celebrities of tbe laet three centuries. Even io (h« titys of Aristotle tbe trick of /irntvjrg quaint comparisons was uot entirely uukuown ; aud 300 years ago 8babe@peare himself dbb oronrio tn if Mnlnmnn nf old likened a man's naonn to a precious ointment, while Fracgoie Pgtraique, i« well known, compared la faiblfbse qu' on oppel 0 amour with a disease tbat often times slflicts aieu of geniu?. Thackeray, Iti hie admirable description or old Mr Oaborue'e whimsicalities, explains bow that inimitable plebeian wbb wont to ' fall prostrate aDd bask ' in the smile of a lord, ?? aa a Neopolitan beggar basks in tbe euo.' How truly the same might be said of maDy modern Radicals who pro* fsss to bate tbe eight of ' the bloated aristocracy.' Dryden, Samuel Johnson, Milton, Bacoo, Lumb, Qeorge Eliot, in short, almost every writer of bigh stand ing, has touched Qp bisoaDvaseilber witb metaphorical tints or witb brilliaut ana logies. JnhDROD'rt ' R%9felsa' fairly teemn witb comparisons that help more firmly to impress upon tbe reader's mioa ttut interesting narrative; and though in, most of tbelr analogies both Johnson and Bacon aru less happy than Lamb, Sir Francis made a clever hit iu likening ! money to 'muck' (manure), which lie' saye, i9 oo good unlets it be aprtvtd. Clever, also, is hia fanciful anal«ey, 1 wbicb declares that a man courteous to strangers proves himself to be a oi t « z ;n of the world, whose heart is M no island cut uu iruui oiuer mpus, out a continent wiat joins to them.' Lord Lytton's compari sons are for tbe most part very brilliant. Apparently, the auibor who made eccen tric Mr. Cazton, of ' My Novel' notoriety, declare tbat novels bad become 11 a necessity of tbe age,'' himself believed tbe art of drawing sharp and witty com comparieons to bave beoome a necessary adjunot to the novelist's stock-in-trade. What description ooald better picture to tia tbat all-stirring scene in 'A Strange Story,' where tbe Brute Hurricane, having for ever shattered Margrave's hope of discovering tbe EHxir of Life, and then swept over tbe vast expanse of charred and arid prairie, tban tbe descrip tion contained in the single, impressive line — . . . 'and tbere the plains stretched— black aod desert as Pblegree in Field of tbe Poet's Hell !' Wben a geniae, each as the late Lord Lytton, enforces bla words wlLb tbe aid of comparisons, the result is siogolarly striking. Bnt tbis, anfortunately, is not tbe case witb regard to many of our fin de Steele and Jess gifted etory- te)!ere. Three oat of six beroes of modern ficiiou, so unfortunate as to be born in a cottage, will be found contrasted witb Robert Bloomfleld. If they ebance to have a charming manner, tbey will be foond likened to ArisUppoB, even tbough half the readers may never before have beard of Arietippue. In elgbt novels oat often penned by seutimentai maidens fresh from school tbe ideal man has either tbe ' orbanity of a Caesar,' or the ' graoeof a Horace,' or tbe **eIoqueuoe of a Plato, \ or lbe ' stoicism of an Epicetetus'; not to meatfoo each minor attractions as tb* 'speculative blue eye of tbe Saxon,11 tbe ' passionate bigb nose of tbe Nor* man,' tbe ' bead of a Medasa,' tbe 'figure of an Achilles,' and, per haps, tbe 'voice of an Apollo.' Tbe leading lady is, of coarse, (ally ! upon a par with this Adonis, especially wben created by a very young man. If not blessed witb 'the wisdom and lbe cbastityofa Mioerva'~wbicb might make ber seem pradlsh— at least, she 'sleeps like Bpimenides' and 'weeps like Das demona.'' Naturally 'the eight of ber tears would unman a Herod,' it is almost needless to add tbat 'ber voice, like Cordelia's, is ever low,' and we may depend upon ber motber having ' tbe ample eymmetry of a Venus of Mllo,' if, Indeed, ber father's features were not 'worthy of Myroo, the Greek scolptor.' Id political novels of tbe class tbe ohlef character's rhetoric ' woajd cause Quia tillian to turn in bi* crave,' or ' De tnostbenes to blusb c.-musoo.' Some times — not often — be -'e 'a legislator great as Lycorgoe,' or 11 might well rival tbe Athenian Solon,' but he Invariably is ' as just a man as Aristides,' as remark able a philosopher '-ab Senecft.' or 'as Newton, 'or 'aaKant,,'astbecaB6may be; wbJ'ji m praotlcal pollticanB, Pitt, Parr, and Poreon dwindle into intellectual pig bum when compared witb him. Perhaps titer addressing bla constituents be feels t reetlen ar Ulyeeea'; but upon tbe Speaker rising to order he and his sap porters Instantly pause, ' as tbe Fates paused from tbeir web at tbe sound of the Lyre of Orpheus.' Never by any chanoe do tbey **wait for an .answer.' If tbey failed to nsase aB Vb « Fates passed, then, 'like Brutus.' tbey ' pause for a reply.' Oo (he otber band, tbe bad man is usually afflicted with the 'Beard of a Jewieb Rabbi,' and 'a voice— groff as tbat of Qiant Blander bore.' He may be 'glumae Pharaoh's ghost,' or, among facetiooe writers 'dull as a missionary,' or even *(dull as a beetle,' bat these are in extreme cases only, A very frothy scribe, oue ranking amongst ' the new humourists,' as tbey are called, may possibly give bim a ' alcobolio*grin' aud a 'gin and water stutter;' but tew wonld thus defy con ventional customs. Fully half tbe ab normities we meet with In these stories appear as 'unseemly bb a Wellington nose on Ihe face of ft new-born babe.' while every chess-player referred to is either a Zakertnrt or a Blaokburoe, and two-thirds of tbe conquests achieved tbiougb tbe hero's 'sheer prowess' are 'tasks of a Sisyphus.' Almost needless is it to add tbat a tall, ferooloas man be comes 'as big as tbe late Ben Caunt,' or ' great as tbe Immortal Heenan.' 1 It woald, Indeed, take long to ennmer ate tbe moltifarioas comparisons nowa days employed by certain Incipient I novelists and journalists. Many of these ! anomalies are introduced appropriately, bat many more are totally unsuitable, dragged in, as it were, in order to denote the writer's knowledge. Yet. among all classes, tbe ' comparison' babit seems to be spreading. Only last week an omni bns-driver, speaking of bis horses, observed tous, 'e'e as etiff as a prayer boo £, that near 'oss is,' aod singularly apt the analogy was. Subsequently be volunteed tbe information tbat be felt ' ae dry as tbe Old Man's humour,' therejy alluding, we presume, to tbe statesman who, aocording to Lord Ran dolph CburchlH, takes ' so extravagant a survey of human affairs iu general.' Any large vessel is by tbe critics compared, either with tbe Campania, or witb Brunei's Great Eastern. But tbe most far-fetched comparison on record is tbat of Archbishop Tiliotsuo, wbo called a rifle wound 'lbe kindly kiss of a ballet.' During a fairly recent dtocuseion sb to whether 'Invisible greyr' woold I make a suitable colour for soldiers1 uni forms, Pluto's helmet was frequently re ferred to. If an epidemic among savages secures many victims, we read tbat tbe natives are dying ' liBe flies In a winter blttftt.' Every strange animal seems hound to resemble tbe Beast in tbe Apocalypse ; while the mention or | machines lo cause perpetual motion ' win necessitate a comparison being I drawn between tbe latest device of the sort and tbe famous one made I by Offyrews about the beginning of tbr lust century. The number of times tbat ecclesiastics have been contrasted witb - the parson in tbe 'Northern Farmer,' 1 lbe number of times disastrous inveot- : mentrt have been likened to Mr. Percy Fitzgerald's 41 Fatal Zero,' aod the num ber of times fops or dandies have been | compared with Arlsiotlft, wllii Horace i with Socrates, with Pythagora', even ! wiiii Button, is incredible. Moslpeoplel look to ancient history for their subject. To srty that Mr. So- and-Bo speaks lib e Mr. Gladstooe, though, no doubt, a very 1 great complimeut, does uot impress us , nearly so much as a statement to the : etfeel thai Mr. S) aud*eo possesses a gift of oratory equal to tbat of Demosthenes himself. Suilt considered in tbe abstract, lbe trick of repeatedly comparing ia far less odious tban many at present ram pant amongst us, and, if only on tbe ground tbat tbe successful drawing of of comparisons necessitates wide researob, it may be pardoned. 