A HANGING WORK BASKET.-The accompany ing sketch shows a most useful and inexpensive article, which would be a very acceptable present to an invalid, though it is a thing which any woman would be glad to possess. To make it, take a piece of thin board seven inches long and five wide, cover it with a piece of velvet, brocade, or other pretty material, to which has been carefully fastened a little needle-book on the right hand corner, a small pin cushion on the opposite corner, and a few straps for scissors, thimbles etc. Before covering the wood, holes should be bored in it, through which the ribbons are passed for tying on the reels of cotton-one white, the other black. The covers of the needle book and pin cushion are made of the material used for covering the board, and it is also used for the straps, ?which are stiffened with buckram. The edges of the board are finished off with a pretty silk cord, and this also forms the loop by which it is hung from the wall. A Cim-R HiWV.TÏT.T.T-A A HANGING WORK-BASKET pretty cover for a baby's bed is made of six embroidered handkerchiefs, which are all alike Select them with sharp-pointed scallops if pos sible, and tack them together firmly at each point. If the handkerchiefs are of the ordi nary size, this will make the spread about two feet long and three feet wide. Run narrow satin ribbon, which is sufficiently wide to fill the space, in and out between the scallops either a delicate pink or bright yellow is desir able, with white embroidery--and finish the edge of the spread with a frill of white lace, which will add much to its beauty. By remov ing the ribbons, the spread can be easily washed. A NOVEL CARD RACK.-A useful novelty, which may be easily made with a few odds and ends of silk, satin, velvet and silk cord. The foundation consists of a fan-shaped piece of card board, the top of which is covered with a fine fan-pleating of silk or satin. The middle section, which forms the rack, is shaped in a separate and lighter piece of cardboard, and covered with a pointed or embroidered piece of silk, satin, or velvet, the centre being of plush. A narrow section of the cardboard is attached to the centre from the left side, and this is bordered with heavy silk cord, as is also the edge of the fan, the back of which is neatly covered with light silk, such as sarcenet, China or India silk. A support of cardboard similar to those useu ou puu<u frames is attached to the back at the top, forming a stand. This would be a pretty trifle for the writing table. The butterfly sewn to the right side is made of transparent gauze mounted over fine gold wire, and the body of the insect and the antennae are formed of tinsel gimp. A Cn ARMING WoRir RASKET.-It is a carpenter's basket of a small size, each side of which is decorated with Maltese crosses placed at re gular distances apart, darned with five threads of dull apple- green Berlin wool, and lined with sateen of the same shade. The object of using five thicknesses of the wool is to give "body" to the crosses. The handles are bound with watered ribbon, and each has a dainty bow of it at the p"int where it joins the basket, which is further ornamented with a number of little green balls, hung round the top, at intervals of about an inch and a half. A FIRESIDE PARTY -The guests are received in a room lighted only with a blazing fire of logs, round which they sit and roast nuts and tell ghost stories. (An old custom revived.) 