THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE The Archbishop of Melbourne delivered the following discourse in St. Patriot's Cathedral on Sunday evening before a congregation which crowded every part of the vast edifice :— A simple statement of the position which the Bible holds in the system of Catholic teaching will not be without some special interest at the present moment. The subject is suggested by the report of a recent meeting of the Victorian Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The speakers at that meeting took fall credit to themselves for the large amount of money and zeal devoted during the past year to the circulation of Bibles in Christian, as well as in pagan lands. But, as usual on such occasions, they were not content with publishing their own good deeds. Filled with a lofty pity for the poor publican who stood afar off, they thanked God that thev were not like other men— enemies of the Bible, indifferent to its circulation and insensible to the treasures circulation, aumuwu= u , • v, of faith and heavenly wisdom which .t contains. At first sight it does seem strange that acousations against the Catholic Church should enter so largely and so persisten tly into the proceedings of Bible Societies. But we have high Anglican testimony tor the assertion that it is opposition to the Catholic Church that gives them an element of unity. "We may add," says the Rev. E. L. Blenkinsopp " that, to all appearance, the only bond of unity which exists among Protestants is antagonism, to the Church, or to some tgilh in the Ohurch....It-JIB this r^^J^^ssSzMi to kefp thW^one toward TfentrttuTr. We tirmly tbe dissemination of the Mbfc in various languages is the great power to meet the claims of the Catholic Church, and to overcome them, goes a long way in preserving amity among the members of that Society, and in preventing them from disagreeing among themselves." It is sometimes put forward, as indeed it was at the recent meeting, that one of the advantages of the Society is that Christians of all denominations may take a warm interest in its efforts and in its success. But the Anglican writer whom I have quoted reminds us that such a union of various Christian denominations involves a glaring contradiction. The Society is based on the principle that the Bible is the sole Rule of Faith. "But," he argues, "if Episcopalians and Presbyterians, Anabaptists and Poedobaptists, Trinitarians and Socinians, Methodists and Quakers, all alike find authority for their peculiar tenets in the Bible, what Rule of Faith can it contain? What articles of faith can it teach? What creed can it be said to enunciate ? What diverse, what contradictory utterances of the Spirit supposed to dwell in its pages, muet flow from its printed letters!" These, however, are considerations not fo- us, but for the members and supported of the Bible Societies. What does concern us is that when they come together at their annual meetings, they are not satisfied with advertising their own proceedings, but they almost invariably represent the Catholic Church as the enemy of the Bible, as withholding it from the faithful, and as being conscions that it is opposed to her claims. ; When a Catholic reads or .hears such 1 statements, be is sometimes at a loss to know what line of defence he should adopt. The statements are so utterly untrue in themselves, yet so confidently ; and offensively repeated, that he is : uuu , ' , ' , , . i naturally inclined to act on the defensive to indignantly deny the aUegatioos, and to Church .-11 explain ..L to the the il— true Bible. niklo relation This Thin of the is Catholic the tha first. and the natural impulse. But to act on the defensive involves one grievous disadvantage. It seems to recognise the adversary's position. It grants that he has a right to interrogate, and that he is entitled to an answer to what is really an impertinent question. Catholics have too long submitted to occupy THIS DISADVANTAGEOUS POSITION. When asked such questions as: Why we do not admit the Bible to be the sole Rule of Faith; or, why we do not claim the blessed privilege of reading it without note or comment; or, why we do not interpret it for ourselves under tbe guidance of tbe Holy Spirit; or, why we do not co-operate in putting it into the hands of- all—young and old, learned and unlearned, wise and foolish, dean and nnolean, the answer should be, at least in the first instance, neither explanatory nor apologetic, but after this fashion: You interrogate us about the Bible ! Pray, sir, what is the Bible? Where have you got it? How do you know that the book you call by that name is the Bible at all ? You tell me that the Bible is a collection of sacred books contain- ing the inspired word of God. But by whom were those sacred books collected and preserved through the ages ? How can you prove the inspiration of the Bible ? Is it from the Bible itself or from an external living authority ? You cannot prove it from the Bible itself without first presupposing its inspiration, and thus incurring a fallacy in your reasoning. If you undertake to prove it from an external living authority, then you must recognise the infallible Catholic Church, which has been constituted by Christ as the legitimate custodian and interpreter of the Bible. You must also remember what St. Augustine said—" I would not believe the Gospel did not the authority of the Church move me thereto." Even Luther, the father of the Reformation, in his contest with Zuinglius, admitted that it was from the Catholic Church the Reformers received the Bible— " Deny the Scripture also," he said, " for we have received it, too, from the Pope. . . . We must acknowledge that there are great mysteries of faith in the Papacy—yea, all truth that we have inherited; for it is in Popery that we found the true Scripture, true baptism, sacrament of the altar, the true keys which remit sin, true preaching, the true Catechism which contains the Lord's Prayer, the Ten Commandments—that is the true Christianity." An effort is sometimes made to evade the difficulty of the situation by retorting that Catholics prove the inspiration of the Bible by the infallibility of the Church, and, again, the infallibility of Church from the Bible. This reasoning is said to involve the same fallacy. Such, however, is not the case. Catholics do not use the inspiration of the Bible in proving the infallibility of the Church, As far as the Scriptures are at all used in the proof, Catholics use the Bible merely as an authentic record of the words of Christ, in which the promise of infallibility is clearly contained, What has been said regarding the inspiration of the Bible applies with equal force to the CANON OF SCRIPTURE. It, too, can be proved only by the authority of the Church, and as Protestants reject the authority of the Church, they are not in a position to prove either the canon cr the inspiration of Scripture, Here, then, we might consistently take our stand until these preliminary questions are answered by Protestants on Protestant principles. If we go further it is not from any controversial necessity, but, as waving our right, ex abundantia juris, as logicians say and for the purpose of justifying— 1st, the doctrine of the Catholic Church regarding the Rule of Faith and her consequent practice regarding the reading of the Bible; and 2nd for the pnrpose of showing that she has ever been the jealous guardian and the faubal interpreter, the authoritative witness and the untiring dispenser of God's Word. Under these two heads, then, the remain- ing matter will be arranged. In regard to the first head of our inquiry, let me state at once and unreservedly, that the doctrine and practice of the Catholic and Protestant churches are unmistakably at variance with one another; nay the substitution of the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith,, instead, of the authority of the Church, and its indiscriminate circulation constitute the very corner stones of Protestant doctrine ; and practice. "We may well assert," says Herbert Marsh, " that the rejection of tradition as a rule of faith was the vital principle of the Reformation." " What I have always conceived to be the great leading principle of Protestantism is," writes Shuttleworth, the entire sufficiency independently of tradition, as a rule of faith and doctrine." With the doctrine of the supremacy of the Holy Scriptures to the consciences of individuals, and the right of private judgment in contradistinction to the authority of the Church, she (the Reformed Church of England) stands or falls." " The great and fundamental distinction between the Roman Catholic and the Protestant religion," says Gayer, " consists in this very point, that while Protestants maintain that a full and perfect rule of faith is contained in tbe Scriptures, and that, consequently, these furnish in and by themselves a sufficient basis for all doctrines necessary to salvation, the Church of Rome holds, etc." The Catholic and Protestant Churches differ fundamentally regarding both the remote and the proximate Rule of Faith. By the remote Rule of Faith is meant the depository in which the body of the revealed doctrine is contained. By the proximate Rule of Faith is meant the means given by Christ for ascertaining the genuine sense of the revealed truth* which are contained in the remote Rule of Faith. In regard to the remote Rule of Faith, Protestants hold that the whole body of revealed truth is contained in Holy Scripture, i.e., in the written "Word of God. The Catholic Church, on the other hand, holds that the Apostles, in addition to the doctrine which they committed to writing to meet the necessities of particular churches, also communicated orally to the faithful a considerable part of the body of revealed doctrine, which has been handed down in unbroken succession, and which is to be received with the same pious reverence and affection as is due to what is contained in Scripture. With reference to the poximate Rule of Faith, Protestants hold that the Bible, interpreted by the private judgment of each one, is the means established by Christ for ascertaining the sense of revealed doctrine. Catholics, on tha other hand, believe that the Bible is the depository, and not the organ, of revealed truth, and that the infallible authority of the Church is the divinely appointed means of securely interpreting God's revelation to man. We are now to confine our attention to the proximate Rale of Faith, and to the revealed truths contained in the New Testament. Because we cannot accept the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith, or because we cannot approve, therefore, of its promiscuous circulation without note or comment or proper safeguard, do we then yield to Protestants in our venera- tion of it ? No; we look on the Bible, as an eloquent Catholic writer has said, as the holy, the sublime, the awful Word of God, over which saints have meditated in cells for years of ineffable sweetness, yet of solemn reverence; round which scholars, pale with watching, have wreathed the flowers they have woven or culled in variegated commentaries; which the silver voice of virgins or the deep tones of holy monks have chanted in breathless midnight, that no earthly sound might disturb the depth of their meditation ; as a compilation of the one spirit of God, from the providence of centuries, through which He alone has lived; as a treasure of spiritual honey, drawn from a thousand flowers of various delicacy of perfume and flavour, not mixing, but each preserved ; as a gem of matchless price, reflecting in an infinite number of faces the ever-varying yet constant image of God, in His might, in His sweetness, in His anger, in His love, in His unity, in His Trinity, in His heavens, on His earth, on Sinai, and on Calvary; the noblest, greatest, divinest of things! unsacramental; and therefore it is that we do not put it indiscriminately, unceremoniously, into the hands of everyone. We shrink, through reverence for it, from making it the schoolboy's task-book, the gaoler's present, die drunkard's pawned pledge, the dotard's text-book, the irreverent jester's butt, the fanatic's justification for every vice, blasphemy, and profaneness which he commits. But, great as is our veneration for the Bible, yet, we cannot believe that God intended it as the sole Rule -of Faith. Amongst the many arguments which might be adduced in support of this belief I shall confine myself to a few of the least technical and most popular. In the first place, if God intended the Bible to be the sole Rule of Faith—as Faith is necessary for salvation, and as God " wishes all men to be saved and come to a knowledge of the truth "—his Divine Providence would have secured— 1st. That every man could become possessed of a Bible. 2nd. That every man could know that his was a copy of the Bible. 3rd. That each one could be certain that he rightly interpreted his Bible. 4th. That the adoption of the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith should conduce to unity of Faith, purity of morals, and the promotion of Divine Worship. But as the Providence of God has not provided for any of these results, we legitimately conclude that THE BIBLE IS NOT THE SOLE RULE OF FAITH. Firstly, all men could not become possessed of a Bible. It was accessible to very few before the invention of printing. Fourteen hundred years had elapsed before the printing press made any large circulation of the Bible possible. Before that time the cost of transcription pat It beyond the reach of the majority of mankind. It is computed that even at the present day a copy of the Bible written on parchment would cost over £200. And nowadays, when Bibles can be purchased at a small cost, they cannot be utilised by the vast numbers who are unable to read. Secondly, supposing that every man was, from the very beginning of Christianity, possessed of a Bible he could read, he should be certain, before using it as his sole Rule of Faith, that it was a true copy of the Bible. But a Protestant, acting on his own principles, can have no such assurances. Nearly nineteen hundred years have passed since Christ delivered His message to men and since the New Testament was written. But during the greater part of that time -the Bible was exclusively in the custody of the Catholic Church. Now, if the Catholic Church, as Protes tants assert, has erred in doctrine, has corrupted the primitive revelation, and if for eight hundred years and more, as the second book of Homilies declares, " laity and clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women, and children of whole Christendom have been at once drowned in abominable idolatry,'' what assurance can a Protestant have that tbe Bible contains in all its parts the genuine revelation of Christ ? But, thirdly, suppose for a moment that each man, woman, and child was supplied with a true copy of the Bible, still it could not serve as the sole Rule of Faith, because its meaning can never be ascertained with a certainty of faith by private interpretation. For, what is the Bible ? One of the best answers to this question is that given by the great Edmund Burke:— " The Scripture," he says, " is no one summary of doctrines regularly digested, in which a man could not mistake his way—it is a most venerable, but multifarious, collection of the records of the Divine eoonomy ; a collection of an infinite variety of cosmogony, theology, history, prophecy, psalmody, morality, apologue, allegory, legislation, ethics, carried through different books by different authors, at different ages, for different ends and purposes. It is necessary to sort out what is intended for example, what only is narrative; what to be understood literally, what figuratively; where one precept is to be controlled and modified by another; what is used directly, and what only as an argument ad hominem; what is temporary, and what of perpetual obligation; what appropriate to one state and to one set of men, and what to the general duty of Christians." (P. 41-2.) Considering the variety of authorship of matter, and of style, the profundity of the doctrine, the obscurity of the prophecy, the figurativeness of the language, we can readily adopt the language of one who has eloquently written that, though God could have given us a Bible as easy to read as a child's primer—a Bible in words of two syllables—He has, on the contrary, chosen to give us a work more difficult to understand than any other, perhaps, in existence. No Greek classic, no Arabic or Persian poet, no Hindoo mystic is more obscure. It is mere cant and rhapsody to assert the contrary. What can a peasant who is told to read through his Bible make out of . . . the minute regulations for sacrifices, uncleannesses, diseases, and expiations in Leviticus; of the wars, the exterminations, the merciless dealings of Josue, Samuel, and Kings ? What meaning will he draw from the poetry of the prophets; from the woes of Isaias against the Moabites, Ethiopians, Babylonians, and Syrians; from the obscure parabolic visions of Ezechiel, from the locusts of Joel, the unclean marriages of Osee, the murmurings of Jonas, the dark adumbrations of Habaccuc ? And the Psalms, and Job, and Ecclesiastes, deep, so obscure, so full of danger to a single false step in misapplication, who ran conceive what nonsense, or even blasphemy, an untutored mind may elaborate from them, reading them, and certainly not understanding them, with tbe proud assurance that it is just as privileged as the most learned doctor to comprehend and to explain, and to apply whatever, they contain ? And, last of all, take the "Canticle of Canticles." What delicacy of mind and feeling, what a knowledge of the existence and principles of a mystical application, what a power of abstracting from apparent sensuality of thought and phrase, and dwelling only on its chastest antagonism—love divine —does not the most mysterious, most perplexing, and most bewildering gift of divine inspiration, demand for its profit- able or even its safe perusal. But, considered as a practical book, from which each of its readers has to distil his own code of morals, and his own articles of faith, and including the New as well as the Old Testament, it becomes a thousand times more difficult not to say more dangerous. It is no wonder, then, that even Luther, who had adopted the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith when others need it against himself, was forced to cry out at the end of his days—" Dear Lord god, we cannot understand Holy Scripture so easily, though we study it with all dili- gence." (Tischr. iL, c. 5. p. -AG-) If Luther, with all his natural genius and deep study, found so much difficulty in the interpretation of Scripture, aided as he was, as his admires believe, by extraordinary natural and supernatural assistance, what is to be said of the un learned, the simple, and the unstable except that they are apt to misunderstand it, and " wrest it to their own destruc- tion." Thirdly, if the Bible were given by God as the sole Rule of Faith, its adoption should conduce to unity of doctrine, purity of morals, and the promotion of divine worship. Unity is one of the notes or marks of the Church of Christ. It is, according to the efficacious prayer of her Divine Founder, the law of her existence, the evidence of her truth, the proof of her divine origin. But we have overwhelming proof that the adoption of the Bible as the sole Rule of Faith resulted, and still results, in ever-increasing DISUNION AND DISINTEGRATION. Before the close of the sixteenth century two hundred and seventy Protestant sects were enumerated by Staphylus and Cardinal Hosius. Indeed, we have the distinct confession of the leading Reformers themselves to the same effect. In his last speech in Parliament Henry VIII- declared :— "l am extremely sorry to find how much the Word of God is abused ; how people squabble about the sense; how it is turned into wretched rhymes, sung and jangled in every alehouse and tavern ; and all this in a false construction, and counter-meaning to the inspired writers. I am sorry to perceive the readers of the Bible discover so little of it in their practice, for I am sure charity was never in a more languishing condition, virtue never at a lower ebb, nor God Himself never less honoured and worse served in Christendom." Luther, speaking of the Bible Christians developed under his own system, Biys :— " This one will not hear of baptism, that one denies the Sacrament, another puts a world between this and the last day; some teach that Christ is not God, some say this, some say that; there are about as many sects and creeds as there are heads. No bumpkin is so rode but when he has dreams and fancies he thinks himself inspired by the Holy Ghost and must be a prophet." Calvin very unwillingly confesses the same sad truth. Writing to Melancthon, he says:— "It is of great importance that the divisions which subsist among us should not be known in future ages; for nothing can be more ridiculous than that we who have been compelled to make a separation from the whole world should have agreed so ill amongst ourselves from the beginning of the Reformation." Beza is even more emphatic: — " Our people," he says, " are carried away by every wind of doctrine. If you know what their religion is to- day, you cannot tell what it may be to-morrow. In what single point are those Churches which declared war against the Pope united amongst themselves ? There is not one point which is not held by some of them as an article of faith, and by others rejected as an impiety." Melancthon was, if possible, still more impressed with the disintegrating effects of the new Rule of Faith:— " The Elbe," he says, " with all its waters, could not furnish tears enough to weep over the miseries of the distracted Reformation." Such is the utter confasion of doctrine, that Luther is forced to declare:— " If the world endureth much longer, we shall be forced, by reason of the contrary interprets'ions of the Bible which now prevail, to adopt again, and take refuge in, the decrees of the councils, if we have a mind to maintain unity of faith." These opinions of the early Reformers have been re-echoed by reflecting Protestants, who looked at the situation dis passionately. Jender says :— " How insecure the Bible is, as a foundation for a system of religion, may be learned from the fact that all the advocates of the Bible have formed their peculiar and con tradictory creeds from the same volume, and anathematised and persecuted each other on the same plea.' Dr. Honinghaus, in his' work on the Protestant evidences of Catholicity gives the views of the most eminent non- Catholic German writers on this subject, and there is an extraordinary consensus of opinion that the doctrine is destroying religion in Germany:— "Can any man deny that there are but few passages in the New Testament from which all readers deduce the same meaning? Now which of these is the right ? Which should be adopted? Who is to decide?— who can decide ? " So great is the contempt of God's word, that even students of divinity fly from a close study and investigation of the Bible, as if they were sated and cloyed therewith; and if they have but read a chapter or two, they imagine that they have swallowed the whole of the divine wisdom at a draught. "According to genuine Protestant principles, it is impossible that the internal dis sensions of the Church can be cured, except superficially ; they cannot be stopped by the power of the Church, but must bleed on internally. "Is it not true that the Holy Scripture is the only rule of the Christian's faith, and that there is no infallible interpreter upon earth? In these two points all Protestants are agreed. Now, if they be sincere—if they mean in their hearts what, in their sermons, confessions of faith, and con troversies against the Catholics, they have declared a thousand and a thousand times— surely it is an inevitable consequence that they must acknowledge in every Christian a right to interpret the Bible for himself ; and that thesr doctrines alone are articles of faith for each individual which be made in the Bible, no matter whether others can find them there or not (Pp. 55,56) Nor did these disastrous results cease at any later period. Of Germany the "Edinburgh Review " of October,' 18S0, remarked:— "The land which was the cradle of the Reformation has become the grave of the reformed faith. . . . All comparatively recent works on Germany, as well as all personal observations, tell the same tale. Denial of every tenet of the Protestant faith among the thinking classes and indifference in the masses are positive and negative agencies beneath which the Church of Luther and Melancthon has succumbed. . . In contiguous parishes of Catholic and Protestant populations one invariable distinction has long been patent to all ages and conclusions. The path to the Catholic Church is trodden bare, that to the Protestant Church is rank with grasses and weeds to the very door." (Pp. 530, 539.) Even in England, the home of the "open Bible," and the source of its promiscuous circulation, the same unhappy state of things appears to be rapidly advancing. At the Plymouth Church Congress in 187C Canon Money did not hesitate to tell his audience— "However the sections of the working class might differ in intelligence, in sobriety, in honesty, they nearly all agreed in this— They were alienated from Christianity. Barely five per cent, attended public worship." And in a paper read at the Leicester Church Congress in I860, he added— " It is well that we should think of Heathenism abroad, but we do not need to be constantly reminded of that Heathenism at home which threatens to submerge this dear land of ours beneath a flood of ungodliness, vice, and intemperance." We might adduce additional testimonies almost without number, but enough has been said to show that the Bible was never intended by God to be the sole Rule of Faith, and to vindicate the Catholic Church from the taunt of not joining in the indiscriminate circulation of the Scriptures. It now only remains to prove that the Church has been in every age the jealous guardian, the faithful witness, the authoritative interpreter, and the prudent dispenser of Holy Scripture. And this we purpose to prove by exhibiting—1st, how largely the language of Scripture enters into her Missals, her Breviary, Rituals, and her daily devotions; 2nd, her success in issuing a standard version of the Latin Vulgate; 3rd, her care in multiplying, at the cost of great labonr and expense, as many copies as possible in MS., and in consecrating the first fruits of the printing press by the issue of correct versions of the Bible; 4th, her zeal in publishing versions in vernacular languages; 5th, repeated the encouragement given to the study and reading of the Bible by Popes and Bishops ; finally, vindicating her action when, from local and temporary causes, she found it necessary, in defence of the Bible, and in the interests of the faithful, to prohibit the reading of corrupt versions. 1st. THE CHURCH HAS ENSHRINED THE HOLT SCRIPTURES IN HER LITURGY AND DEVOTIONS. The Mass is her supreme worship of God, and the Mass is largely made up of the Scriptures. The office which her priests are bound to recite daily is almost entirely composed of the Scriptures; her prescribed prayers and her approved books of devotions are filled with Scripture language and thoughts. The Church, knowing the wondrous power of mental vision, and what an agency it is for good or evil, sought from the beginning to enrich her children's minds with the treasures of the Scriptures. When book-learning was little known, or conld be little practised, when persecution raided fiercest, her children could read the glad story of redemption in their Bibles on stone or canvas. ' Even in the gloom of the Catacombs there was shown the subtle and strong aesthetic tendency, combined with a con- secrating spiritual conviction, which afterward broke into light more splendidly in the dexterous carvings and capitals of Ravenna, or its superb and shining mosaics: in the rude bronze gates of the Viennese Church of San Zenone—anticipating those more famous at Florence; in many features wad ornaments of churches which have not ceased to attract and charm the eyes of travellers." What are her material temples, with their torching stories on wall or window, but to many Bibles that the sculptor's chisel and painters pencil have faithfully copied. Tftis is the thosght that Rn*khi has m bemntifaUv expressed, that I caacot forbear qaaang it:— f " . . . And Out thoojhl E1J £SR3T di«¥>Mt the n*3tr to toot with same duep of temper cpee the gatpofci bsnSihse a»4 iri'ii blxTonrj a! that shrroe of Su MarkV. Be new ^wutiwi ttel it *M in (lie bfWl of tl>* ell T*e«Saa pwjrVfar ware An a ef worAir- U w at the R/^MDPI Ckmdi <* a Mtcfl for lb* Iiw^kts tb*« tab im«ee o! the Rrilfe. aB fferioct ti'lk few tteikwe rr44 . as* the aiad TtkV ti th» L*» vmi eTMMtaeyKnswa a«4 « M » f M M R i v »*>* OwAww b« BAte. w i t M tarsc BpftTfid in the adornment of it; that, as the symbol of the Bride, the building of the wall thereof should be of Jasper (Rev. xxi, 18.) And the foundations of it garnished with all manner of precious stones; and that, as the channel of tbe Word, tbat triumphant ntteranoe of the Psalmist should be true of it—" I have rejoiced in the way of the testimonies as much as in all ricbee." *' And shall we not look with changed temper down the long perspective of St. Nark's place towards the sevenfold gates and glowing domes of its temple, when we know with what solemn purpose the shafts of it were lifted above the pavement of the populous equare ? Men met there from all countries of the earth, for traffic or for pleasure; but, above the crowd swaying for ever to and fro in the restlessness of avarice or thirst of delight, was seen perpetually the glory of the temple, attesting to them, whether they would hear or whether they would forbear, that there was one treasure which the merchantman might buy without a price, and one delight better than all others, in the word and the statutes of God. Not in the wantonness of wealth, not in vain ministry to the desire of the eyes or the pride ot life, were those marbles hewn into transparent strength, and those arches arrayed in the colours of the iris. There is a message written in the dyes of tbem that once was written in blood; and a sound in the echoes of their vaults that one day shall fill the vault of heaven—' He shall return, to do judgment and justice.' The strength of Venus was given her so long as she remembered this; her destruction found her when she had forgotten this; and it found her irrevocably, because she forgot it without excuse. Never had a city a more glorious Bible. Among the nations of the North a rude and shadowy sculpture filled their temples with confused and hardly legible imagery: but for her, the skill and treasures of the East had gilded every letter and illumined every page till the book-temple shone from afar oS like the star of tbe Magi." The Church closed the avenue to every danger of mistranslation by CHOOSING A STANDARD Copy OF THE BIBLE to which all other versions were to be conformable. St. Augustine tells as that in the earliest times of the Faith the Latin translations were very numerous. Of these there is one called the Vetns Itala, dating back to the first century, which formed the basis of the version which St. Jerome, at the request of Pope Damascus, wrote in the fourth century, and which is known as the Ynlgate, For this very great work St. Jerome was peculiarly fitted. He was marvellously proficient in the Greek and Latin classics, and had been taught Hebrew by Jewish scholars. To make himself thoroughly master of the Scripture narrative, he travelled mnch through the Holy Land, and spent several years in a monastery at Bethlehem. St. Jerome's version soon came to be recognised as a most faithful rendering of the Scriptures of the Old and Xew Testaments. In 1543..the Council of Trent decreed that it should be adopted, as being the most venerable, the most used—as representing more correctly the state of the ancient copies of the Greek and Hebrew Scriptures than any other Latin version, or even probably than any other then or now existing Greek or Hebrew edition : and finally, as having been prepared a$«s before the modern disputes, and therefore unbiassed by them. £nt k is well to remember that the autheniirisg which the Council of Trent claims for the Ynlgate mexr.s no more than that this copy of the Holy Scripture it free from: ail error in faitti or morals, and that it fairly represents the original Scriptures in all important P*TU«I!MS. The eoaneil never thought it prarttcal to brine out as _ edition of the Scriptures that should be perfectly faultier And Protectant scholars have borne deama testimony that the Volga?* is what the' i Cfrttacil of Trent dauss for it. Gr^lics declares that he ' alwavs has a gnu esu-etn for the Volgate. not oalv heeauae tt oantama no unsold donate r * * ® Midia^s affirms that "ffa* wr- :s the mew perfect of all; aai be mils tm his be««rs, JY.^ertant ani CaxbaKe, to bear witnew to tbe authority be hit always (tiatei it In tbe jadcmer.1 of Gerard tbe ben and rows ancient maenscript* decide in lavosr cf the Tsl^te; it » gMMraUy wtU Aise. faitbfai. arad nt-clar* tbe vj Seripuue belter ib&r.; tbe gntMrnatW o t g i t ^ w w y . ^ . Schaff ^Bases apffrbra$3y of tt tkrttt Saictwritiw "U Jew* k CM *t p*eesw» bu tw tM base u (be VdjMt. ifet Set. Hr. Raw tiM tbe appreciated.* He himetlf unequivocally asserts that 'the Latin Vulgate preserves many true readings, where the modern Hebrew copies are corrupt.'" Br. Campbell thoroughly agrees with the reasons given by the Council of Trent in the selection of the Vulgate version. He says:— It must be taken into consideration that even the last part of this translation [the Vulgate] has been finished for about fourton centuries." . . . "There are in this circumstance two tilings which should recommend the work in question to the serious examination of the critic. The first is, that this version having been made from manuscripts more ancient than the greater part, or even than the whole, ot those which remain to us, it occupies to a certain extent the place of these manuscripts, and famishes us with a probable means lor discovering what were the lessons which Jerome found in the copies which he had collected with so much care. The second is, that, having been completed long before die rise of those controversies which are the foundation cf most of the sects at present existing, it is, we may rest assured, exempt from all party influence."' I have incidentally referred to the money value of Bibles in the days when the printing press was unknown. Un donbtedly Bibles were scarce in those But as Dr. Maitland very justly reminds us:— "We are not hastily to conclude that wherever there existed no single book called a Bible, the contents of the Bible were unknown. The canon of Scripture was settled, indeed, as it is now; but the several parts of which the Bible consists were considered more in the light of separate and independent books than they are by us. To copy *J{ these books was a great undertaking; and even when there was no affectation of cali^raphy or costly ornament, and when we reduce the exaggerated statements about the price of materials to something reasonable, it was not only a laborious but a very expensive matter. Of course, writing and printing are very different things. I do not pretend to speak with accuracy (for it would require more trouble than the thing is worth), but I am inclined to suppose that at this day a copy of our English Bible, paid for «t the rate at which law-st&tioners; pay their writers for common fair copy on paper, would cost between sixty and seventy pounds for writing only ; and, farther, that the scribe must be both expert and industrious to mrform the task in much less than ten months. It must be remembered, however, that die monasteries contained (most of them some and many a considerable number of) men who were not to be pud by their work or their time, but who were officially devoted to the business. Of this, however, I hope to say more hereafter, and to show that there was a considerable power of multiplication at work. In the meantime, I mention these circumstances merely as reasons why we should not expect to meet with frequent mention cf Bibles in the dark ages. Indeed, a scribe must have had some confidence in his own powers and perseverance who should have undertaken to make a transcript of the whole Bible; and that (except under particular circumstances) without any adequate motive, supposing him to hsv/ practised his heart as a means of subsistence. For those who were likely to need and reward bis labours either alreaoy possessed some part of the Scriptures, and, therefore, did r.ot require a transcript of the whoSe, or, if it wss their f;.-st attempt to possess any porsian. there w*re bet f. w wh<£« means or patience would render it liiely that they should think cf a^turin^ the whole at oncsO' Considering the the student's p&th; on etm side when books existed only in manuscripts, and those manuscripts so rare and «as*h\ is is significant what an extensive knowledge of Holy Scripture the Church demanded nm aspirants to the fdeaM. „ I sefea , ese of many at hand, KS in his Ceacsiau V^l. £., r. 230, * Tlw Owei®? cJ A«Wt. fesw that -ewsy h* oe&iacd.; . hirc arta; NAWMSSS . . t» hi- spuiraal $f«riraal fcdj fe»fcf. sss^y, the a a i tfe Back ^ j g ^ ^ ^ r^wiriiCd* t b e l^o^TfaTSbwa m <**»«* fe ix (xopni? te aarf ^ j^h tibe kw fe tbe o k his Asl Its fo Aat they ts* **& witue,' " Lem«l Jtejkui writww hilly tuu^i tbat tbts, ecbt? ^tsu eeadu&attt;* «» tbe Mii^M sias feJfi'-saer.t tb» Dr. Mtitei naeit^H^ -T^-w^tiBft^ Imaw-^Sf | fee tV Sn^. f.. I 4 M I m u t&M; tbe ort f»» <&jsm;#M&, m wiftiitt tfatst M t Ail It m ^ » "r iV- t%TrtyVl int nr>i wurte Mat ««eb ibMK *t tbe BAIH wi dM ^ tti t&tea;*. meats el wry description, I do not know thst I can fully exnress my meaning, but perhaps I may render it more clear it 1 repeat that I do not so much refer to direot quotations ot Scripture as to the fact that their ideas mn to have Mien so naturally into the words ot Scripture that they were constantly referring to them in a way of pigging allusion, which is now very puaaling to those who ar« unacquainted with the phraseology o! the Vulgate, and forms one ot the greatest impediments in the way ot many who wish to read their works. It is a difficulty which BO dictionary or glossary will reach. What the reader wants, and the only thing thai till help him, is a Concordusee «t the VrilgatM» Which to look out such words as seem to be used in a strange and ftuintetiftififc Without seeing them W theirWprtnaV befotext, there is little charioe •oidiaooverlng thelsAeaning. But, then, » U totocleat.ibak tiw> passage was present in tit* inindot the writer, and that he expected it to be so to those ot his leaders ? Bow could it be otherwise And the liev. Mr. Blunt repeats Dr. Maitiand's testimony :— "There has been much wild and foolish writing," sayc this author, "about the •Unity ot the Bible in the ages preceding the Betormetion. It has been taken tor granted that the Holy Scripture was almost a sealed book until it was printed in English by Tyndal and Coverdale, and that the only real eource ot knowledge respecting it before then was the translation made by Wiekliffe. The tacts are that the clergy and monks were daily reading large portions ot the Bible, and had them stored up in their memory by constant recitation; that they made vary tree use of Holy Scripture in preaching, so that even a modem Bible (Wider is astonished at the number ot quotations and references contained in mediiml sermons; that countless copies ot the Bible were written out by the surprising industry ot cloistered scribes; that many glosses or commentaries were written, which are still to be seen, tull ot pious and wise thoughts; and that all laymen who could tead were, at a rule, provided with their Gospels, their psalter, or other devotional portions ot the Bible. Men did, in tact, take a vast amount ot personal trouble with regard to the productions ot the Holy Scriptures; and accomplished by head, hand, and heart what is now chiefly done by paid wotkmen and machinery. The clergy studied the Word ot Qod and made it known to the laity; and those few among the laity who coold read had abundant opportunity ot teadtag the B»Ne, wther in Latin or in English, up to tbeKeiormation period. the Society ledge,declares:— "Hiew is a good deal ot popular misapprehension about the way in whicli the Bible was regarded in the middle ages, Some people think that it was very little read even by the clergy, whereas the faet is that the sermons ot the medi*val preachers an more full ot Scripture quotations and allusions than any sermons in these days; and the writer* on other sublets are so tall ol^uralalUisioathatit^evident th.ir minds were saturated with Scriptural diction. , . . Another common error is Oat the ctew were unfiling that the laitv •hould lead the Bible for themselves, and •aietullr kent it an unknown toneue. that thTSe mVbt nor^ aWe toVid it WasTC i™ that most p^ple whr^uld read at all waW read tatin, and would certainly prefer to read the authorised Tulgate. to any verna«ilar vmion. But it la also true that translations into the vernacular ww wide." Fortunately w« have abundant docnttentary evidence of the Church's teach, ins and prawice in those agw. Mannawtpt Bibles scattered through the public and private library of Kim>pe CMiM bar »*cred tnunis, and the Mreevenng eeal with wh*eh eh* dis- E ^ J ^ * tnitha ot Holy \\\ «t amon^t btrchildren. And ui thewsaMMat mauu- k „ w ^ _ LRI*n*HX , MAY \\\ KIX _ GI^KV, . tor, ELOQUENT wttMwce of the past, then old volumes teil of a Ume when Mau^eat Ikith, Md (mn^ IOVN Mtd deepeat knowledge had their MIMM home in the Wwdot the holy a^ihelearoed. Hera is what MrWe^twood, a grtat "iMlaadnaybejttct^pMMdot the Beak el K«Ua> Tbs«fl(iy of thetradifr**^ belonged toSi. IK WPWTTEEAWY the aaort eMcnteky MMaMMM^tct eaHy art wt«««»- H The art t* iaMaad.' H iMtkM«iN«wtuM e^aaWy iwmi»t M ywi»i», a* HtmniiMB ihitiiwii «t Ml, wMh wteth MM«y « tfelfcfe MIMIKt^l I hat* tTBa^iwi with a aaagwtyi** ^aw th» itttetaaditl tefthmwdtk Wt Ktfiiaroatt idH^wtUiiiiM tt ktt^h^ IrtttkMNMt; um ataa it is IWriMtellM^ttftMlMllMlh ^HVMKmmaAVM m wii Ii Imi Im timUt ^ % At IMUMMI. Sh taihr * h^iiiMi!!^ femiiM On iwtwi «t tk* »i)aii>u>ii> «t thtea details will suffice. I have oounted in a small space, soareely three-quarters ot an inch in length by less than halt an inch in width, in the ilook ot Armagh, no fewer than 168 interlacements ot a slender ribbon pattern, formed ot white lines edged with blaok ones." And what 'Westwood says is repeated by & host of eminent writers on this subject. I quote one whose statement is above suspicion, for no one has ever yet charged Giraldus Cambrensis with friendly feeling* for Ireland :— "Amongst all the miraculous things ot Kildare nothing surprised me so much as that wonderful book said to have been written from the dictation ot an angel in St. Bridget's own time. This book contains the four gospels, according to Jerome's version, and is adorn* d w-itli almost as many richly illuminated figures as it has pages. Here yon see the majesty ot tho Divine Countenance, there the mystic shapes of the Evangelists, furnished with sis, tour, or two wings; here was the eagle, there the calf; in another part the face ot a man or ot a lion, together with other figures without number, which, it not carefully surveyed, seemed rather blots Utan intertwined ornaments (/.ijMtwir), and appeared to be simple where there was in truth nothing but intricacy. But, on close examination, the secrets of the art were evident; and so delicate and subtle, so laboured and minute intertwined and knotted, so intricately and brilliantly coloured did you perceive them, that you were ready to say that they were tho work ot an angel, and not ot a man; the more intently I examined them, the more was I filled with fresh wonder and amaaeracnt. Neither could Appelles do the like; indeed, mortal hand seemed incapable of forming or painting them." The testimonies just quoted are surely suflioient proof of the Church's efforts to spread the knowledge of the Scriptures; amongst her children. But Pr. Maitland, knowing that prejudice dies hard, gives another stunning blow to the popular Protestant notion. Having devotod years of study to the history of the So-called Dark Ages, he bears witness ot, those much-calumniated times:— «I have wo* found anything about the arts and engines ot hostility? thellind hatred ot halt-barbarian kings, the fanatical fury 0f. heJr M antipathy of; the p 0 ' j do not recollect any instance! in ^hich a ; 5 ^corded that the Scriptures, w my put ot them, were treaU-d with dignity, or with less than profound respect. i koow 0( no 0lise i D whioh they were ; ^ c T o ™ books which were preserved through the evolutions ot the monasteries to which they belonged, and all the ravages ot fire, pillag*, carelessness, or whatever else had swept away ktl the others. I know (and in saying this I do not .mean anything but to profess my ignorancc, tor did I suppress sucnknowledge, | might well be charged with gross dishonesty) 0f nothing which should lead roe to suppose i ^ ^ W c ^ d to prevent the reading, the mulU^ttication, the diffusion ot the Word ot Ood." (P. 858.) We have seen how it fared with the j nt. nl„j Volume in the asrts that this, \ olu,u \ ,n ,ue ,, ^ , ^"'y calls dsrk. .We* ,Wkrn IVotestant writers w bnowx 1 , t > . . Mid the wntmcs illustrating it, when the light of the blessed Reformation had, broken on the world. The Protestant bishop, Collier, exclaims;— . " H w MSS - S ^ J I J S ^ ^ . JSl. t 0^^ 1^^ th*«* Oospellw^ pretended to regard them, MIMlrf«Nitt tk*f*u«rtk< rwt." Fuller thus testifies to the vandalism: «What teautitel BiWes, raw- fathers, suUl* echoolm««, u$»fui hi«tortans (ancient, Buddie, , modem) \ What painful comments . *«*« hew amoret them! What monoot malhemsUcs >--^1 ^ ^ J f j J ^ f J f 0 0 4 ^ * ^ f« wtth urtiee, tor S S S S ^ j ! ^ ! ^ ^ T L ^ ' ^ ^ t ^ S 1 ^ ot tenaer tunea tbeo and that* received a ,dac««ei» wouad, whereof it halts at this day, and without hope ot a perfect cure, a n t n i nipple to the gtav^ . . ;i \- YN. which » wetee* many an ancient «» T f R i h T i i ttn itttrrfrn V 1V teiliwttkii uaong the cm«Ma ottha A—tut OhwA. Nt wamsWad to mord hk taateags ot abua* wt "A mat mutter at theaa whlah purchased taM» HfitttdNt taaasfao»> utarxad «t AM* Imwj haafca W«M to tmt their wttKtitito awd a««Mto tt^ thwboott ; •MM they MM to theif groom aad aaap •aBwvaad MM* thty s«KT EW the tea to thabMkbtodervaot ia aakalt aaaktot^ b«t at ttaM eh^ps tail, to tha woa- Mtim Yea, tha wwfrx>w>t>M ot Ihk wafaa a»» «ot all ctaar in thk datoitohh tacV I know % emhaiat «Uk wha at thi* ti»a* aWU ha wwta^ that Wight tha «MtMst* «t two noble libraries at forty shillings prioe; a shame it is to bo spoken. . . . I judge this to bo a truth, and utter it with heaviness, that neither the Britons and Saxons, nor yet the English people under the Danes and Normans, hnd ever such damage ot their learned monuments us we have seen in our time. Our posterity may well curse this wicked fact ot our age, this unreasonable spoil of England's most noble antiquities." liegai-ding the destruction of the libraries with all their invaluable Scrip, turo commentaries, I can give pages of Protestant testimony, but I shall quote just ono more. A writer in the Letters 'of Imminent Per$om from the Bodleian says :— " Whole libraries were destroyed, or made waste paper of. The splendid Abbey ot Mahuesbury, which possessed some ot the finest MSS. in the world, was ransacked, and its treasures either burnt or sold to servo the commonest purposes ot lite. An antiquary who travelled through that town many years after the dissolution relates that he saw broken windows patched up with remnants ot the most valuable MSS. on vellum, and that the bakers had not then consumed the stores they had accumulated in heating their ovens." If the Catholic Church was so loyal in her guardianship of the Scriptures in the days when the money value of a Bible was reckoned a email fortune, we should not|expeot her to be less xealQua when greater facilities were given tot i&d; circulation of the holy volume > ' The world is indebted to, a German Catholio, John Yott Git*rfWtg,; 'for the greatest developnat&tin; the literaryhrih toryofthe human^S^^YCW'T*^' Printing WIS iNTiwxkk,," And " the first book sent out by the press was the Latin Bible. Ko book irn* more ireprinted. . This ts the testimony of Schaff, and »* >« to the immortal honour of the Arohbishop Elector of Meuta that he hdped Untenbatg in the publication, when poverty overtook him, tho Archbishop's successor allowed him a liberal pension, and it is interesting to note how ^ l ^ f X ^ i n S l } 1 } 1 *' 1 nd h,s othw ®" J** 1 *, to his sister, who was a nun in a at Ment* Of this, the first printed Bible, the Kev. Dr. Dibdin, custodian of the great library at Althorp, save that is "not only the fim edition of the Snertd Test in any b u t that it is the vtry first « * V pearauoeof the volumes. 1 hey exhibit a masterpiece of art, ana a miracle m their way, showing that the infancy and maturity of the art of printing were almost simultaneous." Both Mr. Dibdin and Hallam emphasise the fact that many copies of this Bible are to be found in England, and yet ^ f e e r L ^ S J ' . , J ^ ' * f ^ ^ ^ ^ V m m ^ W »hat " no b ^ was so fK^uenUy published, immediately after the first mvenUon ^ prinUng. as thelaUn Bible, 0t it being struck ol! before the year 150." . The Anglican, Dr. Maitland, whose History ot the Dark Agea is in the library of every scholar, will tell its how rapidly the various versions of the Sacred Scriptures were issued from the newlyinvented printing ^ss, "Ot the Latin Bible alone, as many as ninety-one editions had been issued before 0,,> ^ntury. . . . . M&5, the prinUng ot Gutenberg's Bible, the invention had found a home in more than a hundred European cities; and by the rna end ot ,the Iir OTOlU( century V „„ mote than a thousand were m wort . The S^Unental presses, almwt in the « earliest sea« MMOT ot their eaisteace, existence, teem with « editions u^ Bible in different languages. Batata |«T, tour editio«a ot the Qerman Bible had been giv«n to tha world; ten mora were » MUed during the forty yeara which tol. , , . v . "}* Wblic^ coli^Uon ol the King ot fcawa tifviu ^wa M, t*7 HiUt «« titmaa mMMtnt ^ ^ j x t t e German eocreloi>K-dia „ Brt^haa'a'(Uth edition) menOons U ! pte- Luthwau Cknaan Biblea. This edition has bean oallod by , «be German Vulgate. j the Luther axhibition in tha Oranvilla Library, admita that— , 1 "ByiSOT mora thaa one hundred Utin Bible* bad be*a printed, SOOM ot themunall and ebeap po«b»t •dilioM. The** tod been Iwridea t&HtM; « twa'Mtway tlw l eettMHU M* oUwra w other mwhra tafaagaa. > * * f ! ^ i the earn ietMtttie* edition* laMt n»ad« »\o [ tha QmvtoalAiaiy Britwh • tt^NMQ ia a Marts «M*Ma Mtot taw^ all i« haga Wios tw^ t which t* to twtotom. tha It it 9MQT to UMWW* *®3f J 61 Chutoh «hoa* tha Latin vmion aa hw standard one, beoanse, apart from its urcater fidelity to the original, there was the hot that the Latin language was, and long eontinued to be, the medium of instruction and communication, l^ur. fifths of the published books were neoes. aarily in that tongue, which was most intelligible to an equal proportion of readers. Of the Vulgate there were about 200 editions of the same text before Luther achieved his version. "We have all heard many a time of Luther's providential discovery of * Bible fastened by a chain in his monastery, and many of tie, I presume, have senn the well-known engraving depiot. ing that most interesting event, But irreverent men have rudely brushed away the time-honoured story, and what is worse, the brushing process has been largely done by non-Catholics. Noticing a list of Bibles in the South Kensington Exhibition (1877) the " Church Times," 2(Hh July, 1878, writes " This catalogue will be very useful for one thing at any rate, as disproving the popular lie about Luther fntlint> the Bihlo lor the first time at firfurt about 1507. Not only ar« there very many editions ot the Latin Vulgate long anterior to thst time, but there were actually nine German editions ot the Bible in the Gsxton Exhibition earlier than 1183, the yenr ot Luther's birth, and at least three moro before the end ot the century." " To say nothing ot parte ot the Bibls, or ot books whose place is unoortain, we know ot at least twenty different editions of the whole Latin Bible printed in Germany only, before Luther was born. These had issued from Augsburg, Strasburg, Oologne, IJhu, Menta (two), Basil (tour), Nuremberg (en), and were dispersed through Germany, I repeat, before Luther was born ; and I may add that before that event there was a printing-press at work in this very town of Erfurt, where, more than twenty years after, he is said to have made hie'discovery (that is, as D'Aubign6, Hobertson, Milner, and other trusted historians say) ot a dusty Latin Bible in the lihrary of the University, and again ot one in the Convent ot the Augustinians, which ho entered not before knowing ot the existence ot a Bible I" But it is important to know how far the pre-Lutheran Bibles were intended for the people, and how far they actually reached them. As a writer in the "Athenteum" remarks:— " The preface to the Oologne Bibles throws most interesting li&ht; on this matter. The editor declares that the Latin version ot Jerome is intended for the learned, but thnt the j»rM#a t booh qfthe liible in (l<rmnn it/or the iitt of «nlettered, simple folk, loy oh<f spiritHiil. . . . He tells us of the many manuscripts of the Bible whioh have been preserved by pious men In cloister and convent, A mi torn- FI>»IF t*fore his <t«y it l««t teen printed ia the towns in Upper derma ay. . . . Notwithstanding suoh facts as these, children are still taught in the Protestant schools of Germany that Luther was the first Bible translator i It would be interesting to know how far this myth is prevalent in England. Bowever well assured tacts may be, truth takes a long time to master myth, especially when that myth is connected with a distinct theologioal bias. . . . At the beginning ot the sixteenth century the German people had a translation ot the Bibls which had become generally ourrent, the best fraoira *tript«rt tejtt* had «»««med • pem«*t»t German S«r&, and trert quoted fetm the pulpit, «N«i eited in writing* fi*r the vnfynr ih words H-hieh hnd nttnined to a pivirrMuf himelinets, n*d trere impressed deep in the heorts of the people. This pre-I.utheran Bible version has been fittingly termed by Geffcken tha German Vulgate. I nead not r«mind you that so far I am following exclusively Protestant authorities, and it may be well to refer incidentally to a difficulty raised by those who claim for Luther that he firat translated the Bible, I am quoting from an intonating article in tha "Athameum " We have now reached that critical noint which is peculiarly calculated to draw forth unreasoning party animosity. VVe have to answer the tollowing question: W*Mt i* the rft«fi»* #hkk eri*t* brttretn iMlhtr* hw**- tatiM ami the Osnmm l ' « D i d Luther make use ot the German Vulgate, or did he translate it in perfect independence from the original Grade. Thoae who seek to answer this question by an unbiased comparison ot Luther's text with the German Vulgate will b*—p*rh*pt tot j*' tmrtf^—jetted te tht ttmttmitm ttmt tht tiw •rt mt independent tmmlm»te**. At we have shown by our reference to Greek, we limit our remarks to tha New Testament to be ejrptnined t Thay are so remarkable that Protectant schdart have stea tha seed ot soma explanation, and two hypoUieaea have been aafraatad. Soewly as k ? Heat placed a considerable numbw ot passage* from tha Koburgar German Valgate alongside thair Luthataa parallels. «MI MM tke COODUAION that Wth«r probably bad tbia particular Bible bdaN him. A tawyaaia UtKOaffekwi-ona ot the moat aahohur& workers in tha <Wd ot we- IWwrcaatioa ti\»ratnr%—wtwffy tftt aaiarMNwe* bttw*** L*thee*» nnd the *M* tmariaiMM im t* • thnnt* - iMbet M Mmd rer* bttk wkie* it WW M*«««M»y te al^f ia the (W«aaa Thk «nt hypothesis, than, supposes Lutbtr to hat* worked with oopy of the older trane- Istlon (most probably tha Eoburger) before him. Such » proceeding oasts not the slightest slur upon Luther: he was perfectly justified in using all tho assistance he could obtain, only, if it be tnte, it h time that w* thould hear no more of Luther as the Jlrtt German fiible translator, and <yr hit translation at an independent work (tarn the original Greek, Tha second hypothesis, supported amongst others by Dr. Karl BlitH and Dr. Wilibald Orlmin, appeals to subjeotive feeling. " Oomlderlng Luther's wall known independence," writes Grimm, " I oannot oonoolve that he could have had • copy of Iiib predecessor before him and now and then borrowed something from it." While admitting tho numerous oolnoidonoes, the upholders of this second hypothesis tupp<m the word* of the German Vulgate to ww obtained such general currency that they had indellibly impressed themselves on Luther's memory J These, consciously the commanding position obtained by tlio German Bible before Luther. . Meanwhile, there is evidepee sufficient that Lather faeW of the work bf^prede. (lessors. In*the wetaefL totha Stvmi Ponitential fajjms ^teWjih^ouRitf'lii self tor depwWig g in some Versos versos/tOm/ die fvarXurg, .Tan nary/iSm the names of previous trftfeslators are unknown, and later wo And in Luther's circle discussions ae to the rendering of oertain passages in the " VorigoBiblia," asoompared with the new version. Tt is more than time that both in Germany and Knpland justice should he done to those unknown toilers whose ycarsof labour produced the German Vulgate, m<1 tint* rendered Luther's tank infinitely easier, or we might almost venturo to say possible. (24nd December, 1893.) " Some may ask, what was the Pope about all this time ? Truly, one would tnink ho must have been off his guard; but ae to the German performances, he might have found employment nearor homo if he had looked fork " Before Luther was born, the Bible had been printed in Borne; and the printers had had the assurance to memorialise his Holiness, praying that ho would help them oft with some copies. It had been printed, too, at Naples, Florenoe, and Placensa; and Vonioe alono had furnished eleven editions. No doubt we ehall bo within the truth it we wore to say that beside the multitude of manuscript oopics not yet fallen into disuse, tho Press had issued fifty different editions of the wholo Latin Bible, to eay nothing of Psaltors, New Testaments, or other parts; and yet more than twenty years after we And a young man who had received * a very liberal education," who ' had Mm(f« great proficiency in his studies at Madgeburg, Kisenaell, and Erfurt and who, nevertheless, did not know what a Bible was, simply because' the Bible was unknown in those days.' At least eight hundred Bibles, or portions of the Biblo, were printed and published by Catholics before Luther's in lfiM Fourfifths of these early Scriptural productions issued from Italy, France, Belgium, and other parts which have continued faithful to Catholicism. " The Italian Bible of Malermi (or Malhcrbi) was printed at Venice in 1471. Before the end of the century nine editions had been issued. A French Now Testament appeared in 1478; the whole Bible followed in 1487. In 1SS8 there wore in circulation printed versions of Soripture, in wholo or in part, in six languages (besides German, Italian, and French), via., Danish, Dutoh, Bohemian, Sclavonic, ltussian, and tha dialect of Spanish apoken in Valencia." In Italy, tha land of the Popes, more than to'ly editions of the Bible in Italian were published before tho appearance of the first Protestant Bible in the vernaoular versions. Throe of the Soriptures were printed in 1471, and eleven oompleto editions of these printed before the year 1500. In Spain tho whole Bible, in the vernacular, waa printed in 1478, and ro-printed in 151ft. Spain hu the clary of the first groat Polyglot edition of the Holy Soriptures which the world ow«s to the munificence of the illustrious Cardinal Ximenes." In tho faoe of tho Church's reonrd is there any need to quote tho words of Popes and bishops warmly encouraging tha faithful to the reading of the Holy Soriptures ? Pone Pins VI., in his letter to the Arohhishop of Florence, exhorts tho laity to auoh reading, "for theee," he says, "are moat abundant sources which ought to be left open to every one to draw from them parity of morale and of doctrine, to eradicate the errors which are so widely die. st>initiated in theee corrupt times." And the bishops at national aynods have repeatedly urged their people to this holy reading. To ptve a practical illustration. The late Mr. Duffy, of Dublin, published many editions o! the Bible for the use of the Irish people, and it ia on record that one Catholic publishing firm in llelfhst printed 80^,000 copies in about 1W yeare. We do not deny that the Church at various times in her history suppressed one or other particular vemon of the Scriptures. She would have betrayed her trost as the appointed guardian of tha Holy Book had aha dona otherwise. But what we do deny is that aha suppressed these veraioua from any other motive than that thay were not truly } God's dilivat&Bea; tc man, ®t that men 1 were wresting them to their own evil designs. And Protestant authorities will be our witnesses. Who [has not heard the Bible Sooiety orator's etory of Wick- US', and of all his enduranoe for the Bible's sake. But Dean Hook, from the Anglioan standpoint, surely an unim peaohablo witness, writes :— " It was not from hostility to a translated Bible, considered abstractedly, that the oonduot of Wiokllff, in translating it, was condemned. Long before his time there had been translators of Holy Writ, There is no reason to suppose that any objeotion would have been offered to the circulation of tha Bible it the object of the translator had only been the edifloation and sanotiftoation of the reader, It was not till the designs of the Lollards were diseovered that Wiokliff's version waa proscribed," And Dean Hook rightly continued— " When we speak of them as martyrs, we ought to regard them as political martyrs, rather than religious. They made religion their plea in order to swell tho number of the discontented; but their actions tended to a revolution in the State as well as in the Ohuroh. , . . Both parties regarded their principles as subversive of all ordar, In things temporal as well aH in things spiritual " (p. 04). Mr. Karl Pearson, whom no one has charged with having Oatholio leanings, writes :— " The Oatholio Ghuroh has quite enough to answer for; . . . but in the fifteenth century it certainly did ttof hold back the liible from the folk; and it gave them in the vernaoular a long series of devotional works, whioh for language and religious sentiment haw never been surpassed. Indeed, we are inclined to think it made a mistake in allowing the masses snoh ready access to the Bible. It ought to have reoognised the Bible once for all as a work absolutely unintelligible without a long course of historical etudy; and, bo far as it waa supposed to be inspired, very dangerous in the hands of the ignorant." Nor is Oanon Dixon less pronounced. And, of modern Protestant writers, he will be my last witness :— "From the earliest times the English Church or nation was possessed of the saorod writings through the labours of monks and bishops. . . . At length, howovor, at the beginning of the fifteenth oentury, tho resolute prelate Arundel passed his famous Constitution to forbid any man from making new translations on his own aooount, or reading those that had been made in or since tho time of the lately deoeased WiofelitT. He thus proclaimed the war of authority against private versions; though certainly he neither forbade the ancient versions to be used nor denied that an authorised version might be made. . . ." It was Tyndale and his fellow-labourers who awoke the question of translating the Scriptures after tho slumber of a oentury. The admirers and the guests of Germany, thoBO voluntary exiles poured from their foreign refuges, upon their native land, an inexhaustible succession of printed versions of tho various books of the Bible. These, . , were condemned by Convocation among the books of Didf<t dogmata; they were seised or brought up by the bishops, and committed to the flames. It the clergy had aoted thus simply because they would have kept the people ignorant of the Word of God, th»y would have been without oxeusc. lint it teas not so, Every one of the little volumes containing poriiom of the Saorcd Text, that was issued by Tyndalo, contained also a prologue and notes written with snoh a hot fury of vituperation against the prelates and clergy, the monks and friars, tho riton and ceremonies of the Church, as . . . was hardly likely to oommond it to tho favour of those who were attacknd. Moreover, the versions themselves worn holvl to bo hostile to tho Catholic Faith, as it wa» thou understood, and to convey Uie sense unskilfully or maliciously." And now I produoe testimony that will satisfy the most ardent Bible Sooiety orator. Archbishop Granmer wit' nosscs in the most unambiguous terms to the free circulation of the Scripture in the pre.Rofbruiation English Church: " For it is not much above one hundred years agoe, since Scripture hath not been accustomed to bee r«ad in the Vulgar tone within this realm; and many hundted years before that, it was translated and road in tha Saxons tongue, which at that tlmo waa our mother tongue : whereof there remain yet divers copies found lately in old abhio*, of such antique manor of writing and ipak. ing, that tow men now been able to read and understand them. And when this language waned old and out ot eomtuon u*ag«, because folk should not lack the fruit ot reading, it was again translated into the newer language whereof yet also many copies remain and b«e daily found." In English history there is no name that goes more direotly to the heart of the people, as a very synonyms of all that» purest and best in the heart and mind, than that of blessed Thorn** More. Protestant writers have triad to explain away his words, but, in faea of tha evidenoe I have addtteed, you wilt agree with me that their eftwta have bean ao much labour lost. Now Blessed Thomas More proves diitinctly that in England tha Oatholio Church both aneouragsft tha reading of the Scriptures and guarded them in the vernacular against corruption. Thia ia his evidence u Ye shall understand that the great areh. htretio, Wickliffo (wtama the Holy liible was long before his time by virtuous and well'loamed men translated into the Bnglish tongue, asd by good and godly people, with devotion and soberness, well and reverently read), took upon him, of a malicious purpose, to translate it anew, In whioh translation he purposely oorrupted the Holy Text, maliotously planting therein suoh words as might in the reader's ears serve to the proof of suoh heresies as he went about to sow | whioh he not only set forth In his own translation ot the Bible, but also in oertain prologues or glosses, which he made hereupon, So that after it was peroelvod . . what . .. harm the people took by tho translations, prologues, «, and glosses of Wiokliffe's, and also of somo others who after him helped to set forth his seot, then, for that cause, it was, at a oounotl holden at Oxford, provided, upon great patn, that no man should henceforth translate the Scrip* lures into the English tongue upon hit oicn authority by way ot book or treatise, nor no man should read suoh books as were newly made in the time ot Wioklitfe, or since, or that should he made any time after, till the tame frantilation were by the Diocesan er Provincial Conned appmred. But that it neither tor* bade the translations to be read that were already well done of old before Wiekliffe's time, nor condemned his beoause it was mcic, but because it whs nanpht, nor prohibited new to be made, but only provided that they shall not be road it they be made amiss, till by good examination they be amended; except they be such translations as those of Wioklifte and Tindal, whioh the malieious mind ot the translator hath so hsndled that it were lost labour to go about to mend them." When Protestants charge Catholics with prohibiting tho Bible they forget some inconvenient facts of history. Did not Archbishop Land suspend and deprive some reotors ana vioars tor " Gospel preaching ?" And was not the importation of small pooket Bibles called the Geneva Bibles prohibited, beeause their marginal notes were round to savour of Calvinism ? Whon we hear men talk of the Oatholio Church as opposed to tho circulation of the Soriptures, we oannot help asking if they have read the history of the English Reformation at all. Was it by the anoient English Ghuroh, or by the new Ghnrch of England, that the following enactment found a plaoe in tho Statute, book?!— Recourse must be had to the Oatholio and Apostolio .Ohuroh tor the decision ot controversies, and therefore all books ot the Old and New Testament in English, being ot Tindal's false translation, or comprising any matter ot Christian religion, articles ot faith or holy eoriptures, contrary to the doctrine set forth sithenoe Anno Dom. 1840, or to be set forth by the King, shall be abolished. No printer or bookseller shall utter any of the aforesaid books. . . . There shall be no annotations or preambles in Bibles or New Testaments in English. Tha Bible shall not be read in English in any church. No women or artificers, prentioes, journeymen, servingmen of the degree ot yeomen or under, husband men nor labourers shall read the New Testament in English. . . . And it any spiritual person preaoh, teach, or maintain anything contrary to the King's instructions or determinations made or to be made, and shall be thereof eonvict, he ahall tor his firttt offence recant, tor his aeeond adjure and bear a faggot, and for his third shall be adjudged an haretio, and be burned and lose all his goods and ohattals. . Thus was tfrlMred in the Refdtftoation that we are told iro\»gh£liri\t«id liberty and every hle*seM gift. • Tna 'molHj otion of this statute j*o«ld suggest "reserve when then is nupsBon ot*^»nibitimr the reading of tho Bible, The history ot the English Oatholio version ot the Bible proves at once the strength ot Oatholio love tor the inspired volume, and the hoUowness ot the charge that Protestants are ever bringing against us ot treating it as a sealed book. At the very tima when parseeution was raging in England, and the profession ot the old faith meaut forfeiture ot all that tha world treasures, we find some exiled English priests busily engaged in a vernaoular version ot the New Testament, whioh waa published at Kheims in 1583. and in 1(100 the Old Testamoot was published in Rngliah at Donay, theee translations, it wanting in beauty ot language and charm ot style, are admitted to be faithful renderings ot the Vulgate. I give two out ot a number ot P<otestanl testi- monies. " Our limits will allow us only to refer to that in use in English, ot whtah the Old Text was printed at Douay in 1609, and the New at ttheims in 1483, This is greatly inftrior in strength and eleganee ot expression to the A.V. in 1611, but is highly commendable tW it* ftttotHtow awt frUlity whieh oannot be pndieted ot all translations from the Vutaate Into other languages." Mr. Scrivener writes that the ]£h»imt Divines (who were evidently men ot learn and ability) may occasionally do ui service in furnishing in some happy phrase or torn ot expression we whieh had elnded the diligenee ot of their more reputable pre Yet what was the tats ot these faithful transcripts ot God's Word? The first eight editions had to be printed on Ae Continent ; two at Ikhitaae, three at Antwerp, two at Bouea, one at Donay. The next three iditiont were printed in England, but tha title page tetli us neither place, the name ot the sooiety. nor the name *( the printer. To give the Word of God to the poor, hunted Catholics was too great a risk for a printer to run in those days. Bible sooiety orators whose hearts go out in sympathy to the savage heathen should have more kindly thought lor their own Christian oountrymen to whom the Bible was, so tar as law could maks it, a Maled volume. It these gentlemen wore less oblivious ot patent hlitorloal faots their rhetorlo would make up in solidity what it might leek in Imagination. We often hear the deepest sympathy expressed for Tyndale, Rogers, Qoverdale, and others who were compelled to print their translations abroad. But with marvellous inconsistency this sympathy is withheld from the faithful toilers, who devoted themselves tor years to the task ot translating from tho Vulgate the first English Oatholio version ot tue Soriptures, Thia rooted attachment to tho old Faith, and the difficulty everywhere experienced by tho Government and tha bishops in weaning the olorgy and their flocks from their anoient tendencies, ia a sufficient proof that it was not unpopular. Now, considering the temper of the Eng. lish people, is it probable that immorality ooula have existed among the ancient olergy to the degree whioh the exaggera* tion of poets, preachers, and satirists might lead us to>uppose ? The existenoe of suoh corruption is not justified by anthentio doouments or by an impartial and broad estimato of the oharaoter and eonduot of the nation before the Reformation. There is nothing more ditUoult than for contemporaries to form, from their own limited experience, a just estimate of the morality of the times iu whioh they live; ana if the complaints of preachers and moralists are to be>ooepted as authoritative on this head, there would be no difftoulty in producing abundant evidenoe from tho Reformers themselves that the abuses and enormities of their own age, tinder Edward VI. and Elisabeth, were far greater than in the ages preoeaing. Ot the literary charms ot the authorised version volumes have been written. Cardinal Newman says it is " a work whioh, by the nirity ot its diction and the strength and {tarmony ot its style, has deservedly beeome the model ot good English and the standard ot the language to all future time." And the illustrious Fr. Faber, who, like Newman, was a convert to the Oatholio faith, pays a glowing tribute to its beauty ot language. But this eulogy touohes only the fringe of the work, tor fidelity to the original is the real charm ot any oopy. And who will contend that the authorised version is a faithful oopy ot God's message to men ? Westcott, in his " History ot the English Bible," says that "the old Douay version furnished a large proportion of the Latin words whioh Ring Jamas' revisers adopted; and it is to this, rather than to Oovsrdale's Testaments, that we owe the flual and most powerful action ot the Vulgate upon our present version." The writer, however, ot the address ot "the Translators to the Readers," in the original Protestant " Authorised Version," disolaims having seen any translation ot the whole Bible, «* yet, for the English Oatholios, though the Old Testament was printed at Douay, in 1000-10. The U«v. Dr. Scrivener, in the margin ot his oopy ot the address, notices this taot, and, in a footnote, adds,'The writer mu^ have seen the first volume ot the Douay Bible, since neither tttHfticlta nor rationed (itee p. cxiii.) ooour in the Bhemish New Testament.' The power ot prejudice never had olearer illustration, The translators, trusting to the blind oredulity ot their readers, aeeuee the Ohuroh of withholding the Soriptures from her ohildren, while all notice is omitted by the printed versions ia Italian, Flemish, Spanish, Bohemian, ete. Ward in his Immortal work, Krrata of the Protestant Bible, and Dr. Lingard in his memorable preface to it, have proved that regarding moat essential doctrines ot faith, suoh, tor instance, as those that relate to the Sacraments, the Mass, the priesthood, devotion to our Blessed Lady and the Saints, Purgatory, tree-will, and inherent justice, the errors ot the authorised Protestant Bilde, are many aud deliberate. The objections to the Authorised Version ot the Scriptures, as containing serious errors, were not yet, however, confined to Catholics. The instances are numerous, but these tew will suttee. Oollier tells us that the Grand Oommittee tor Religion, in 1666, appointed a sub committee to confer about the matter ot a new translation ot the Bible. At the Savoy Conference, in Iftttl, the Non. Gontormist divines objected to a great many wrong translations ot Scripture passages in many amongst the errors which Ward enumerates. Louth, Wakefield, Neweombe, Bellaeay, and numerous other English divines admit that a revision it desirable. At a matter ot fact what the translators did was to read their doctrines into the Bible rather than take them from the Bible. Nor was there anything inoonsiateat with the Anglican twmutanes fen this extraordinary mode ot interpretation, tor Dr. Lusbington, rapreaeatins tha highest Anthoan Bocleaiwtioal tribunal in England, dedarad, in est own day, that tha rightto interpret tha inspired writing was ot the most elastic description " As to the liberty ot the Anglioan clerty to examine and deter* mint the text ot scripture, I exeeedtast? . .., . doubt it this liberty can be extended beyond the limits I have mentionednamely, certain verses or puts ot Sntiblure t thinktl oould not be permitted to a clorgv. man to rejeot (lie whole o( ono ot the boohs of florlpture." . , •With such vide iroopo for the imagination, It is little wonfor that so many Protestant ttAnslatort have made the saored volume a monkery to the poor heathen. Mr. Taylor MeadetS, Chineeo Interpreter to H.M. Civil Servicc, thus writesLot the English Protestant refloat on the Book of the Mormons, and on Mormonlsm, as it is spreading in some places in Groat Britain, ana he will obtain a by no means exaggerated notion of the oontemptible light in whioh our badly translated Soriptures and Christianity in China are regarded by the thorough Confucian ; vie., an a time of abturdiliee ami impiout pretention*, which it would be lott time to examine." Dr. Morrison, the trtuithtor of the first Protectant version ot the Bible in Ohineao, 4ATS UB Into hie confidenoe, "I edited the •Mew Testament," he says, "with suoh •alttmUom as in my oonsoienoe, and with the degree ot knowledge of the Chinese language which I than possessed, I thought uooMsary. The scholarly translation that bad boon made long boiore his time by the Oatholio missionaries was tho groundwork ot his vorsion, but soma deviation was necessary, • tor tear of identifying the dootrine ot tho Bible with the system of Popery. For a similar reason Prolessor Samuel Kidd was led to invent a new Ohinese word even for God. And yet Dr. Morrison's version cost more than twenty thousand pounds;" the Bible Sooioty put it aside because, as they rather euphomistioally expressed it, VU*watimporfcot, and not BuffioieBtl j/Wl6matlbfSb 5i'o • understood." T Dr. Mn^Utnan |sttompted another version, but ,<'I jfem lasfetatdft bV- piiaSionariee," says Mr. 'Matcolm? <'AJi4 'Tij ptivalo Chinese RontteHJeil. that ( noither'-MaiWhrnan's nor Morriso4> . ' ' J f i M f intelligiblo, much leSS-attractlve."-Ifno Abbe Voisin, a Oatholio missionary in China, published a French translation of a part of the Protestant Chinese version adopted by the Bible Sooiety. " Tho pen falls from my hand," he deolares, "in witnessing the ignoblo and BaorilegiouB manner in which our saored books aro travestied, dishonoured, and pervertod. I defy tho Chinese soholar who posBosses tho most exaot .knowledge of Ills own language, so muoh as to guoHs what the translation intended to express; nor oould I myself have done so if I had not been familiar with tho inspired text which he proposes to translate." It fs the snino story in India, whore Bibles ate distributed as profusely CLB in China. " Tho translation ia really pitiful," says a Protestant olergyman, ana deserves only contempt. In tho Hindoslani version, wo are assured by a Protestant missionary, the sentenoc, " Judge not, that yo be not judgod," IB thus translated—" Do not jugtiou, that juslioe be dot done to you I" And wo may imagine what notion ot Christianity this toaohiug conveys to tho pagan mind. Dr. Caroy " exeoutod or superintended tho translation ot tho Holy Soriptures into no tower than thirty -flvo languages or dinloots," nnd a Protestant authority tolls us—" Thoy have been either simply usulees, or, from explaining tho dootrines of our faith by ridiculous forme of expression, have been absolutely pornioious." "Two vorsions of tbo Saorod Soripturos are in existence," writoB Lord Torriugton, who evidently overlooked a third by the Baptists, "both provided by tho funds of the British and Foreign Biblo Society, the one by the Church ot England, and the other by the Wesloyan missionaries; but though their respective presses aro within aix miles of each other, their reepeotivo vorsions are so different, and both ot them apparently so unsatisfactory, that a youth who has been trained to tho ono cannot accommodate himself to tho other, and a nativo, though very imperfectly acquainted with our language, flndB that ho understands tho Bible better in English than in either." Dr. Livingstone, tho famous Afrioan traveller, referring to a version ot tho Biblo by a Rov. Mr. Elliott, doioribes it as " God's word in a language which no living tongue OMI nrtioulato, nor living mortal understand.* The marvellous spooiraon ot Bible translating known SB the Negro-English version, and printed tor tho UBO ot tho missions by tho 41 British and Foreign Biblo Sooiety, London, 1892," lets us BOO what liberties oan bo taken 'with God's Word, Having made triumphant exhibition ot it in the Crystal I'alaoo in 1869, the Society, tor very shame, had to withdraw it from circulation. With so many libols on the inspired Bonk before him, what wondor that the llev. Mr. Perooval, chaplain to tho Queen, should, in published pamphlet, record his Indignant protest? 'it freeses the blood in the veins of a Christian,' lie says, to think that there exists in tbo nineteenth 1 century a sooiety which, insolently sporting with the oracles of the All-powerful, dares to present to the idolatrous nations, as the divine word, the labours ot miserable soholars and shamefully Bwindles simple and too credulous mon who maintain tho Boolety with their money,'" '" It time allowed I oould go on multiply* ins my illustrations ot futile attempts ot British JBiblo Societies to translate tho Scriptural into the vernacular ot pagan peoples. Wa have, however, many adtrillions from themselves of thoiregregioui failures in this field ot mission labour. .But there is on« proof ot this failuro about whioh it would bo interesting to gather the opinion ot Bible Boolety orators—abuse ot " Pott&ty;" is their stook-in-trade, and Rome's hostility to the Bible is always at Bervioe " to point a moral or adorn a tale." They do not tell their audience that through laok ot intelligible translations of their own, Protestant missionaries are compelled to uso translations ot the Bible, printed under the Pope's nose, and by subsidy from the Pope's exohequerI " The best translations of foreign Bibles issued by our 'Bible Sooiety are reprints from those made by the Propaganda at Borne," is the emphatic testimony of Dr. Wolff, who, himself, distributed thousands of copies, and in another plaoo he makeB this Candid admission—" Indeed, there are not greater plagiarists than some of the missionaries." Mr. Jouott oontesses that the Arabio version whiah tho Bible Sooiety formerly oiroulated in Syria was "the Propaganda edition," printed at Home in lG71,more than a oontury before the Sooiety was oreated, and "expressly for the use of the Arabian Christians." He also states that " in former timoB the Ethiopio was muoh oultivated by the Jesuit Missionaries; to them we aro in- debted for tho Now Testament in that language." " In 1818 tho British and Foreign Bible Sooiety purohasod 1500 oopies ot tho aneiont Armenian ToBtament from tho Armeno- Oatholia College in tho Island ot St. Lazarus, Vonioe. . . . Subsequently still larger numbers wore procured from the same quarter, and put in circulation ohiofly among the Armenians ot Turkey." Ot the Ethiopio a Protestant missionary writes, " In former times the Ethiopio was oultivated by the JeBuit missionaries; to them wo are indebted for tho New Testament in the language." The diotionarieB and grammars whidh the translators of tho Protestant versions used were frequently borrowed from Oatholio missionaries. Sohreeter, wishing to translate tho Soripturea into the Bootan dialeot, "obtained a manuscript dictionary, Tibet and Italian, the work of some ltomish missionary," Dr. Marshman, of Serampore, admits that " he owed 1I!B first sight o( a Latin-Chinese dictionary to tho poliioneBS of the Oatholio missionary, Pero RodriguoB, who had spent twonty yearB in China." The llev. Mr. l'eroival honostly admits that some of tho Catholio missionaries were tho best Tnmul soholars of the age, sur- passing even the most learned of the nativos, and that their writings are, to this day, UBed by Hindoo literatesBB text-books. But others were not so gratoful as Dr. Marehman. Mr. Morrison actually published the ChineBO dictionaries of Fr. Basil as his own compilation I But Klaproth, by collating the two books, detected the triok, for Morrison's edition was full ot fault. In the same way the Chinosa Grammar ot the famous Jesuit Father Premare was claimed as his own work by one of the staff in the English College, at Malacca, who has simply given a most literal translation of it. And in the mattor of plagiarism thoy wore following what thoy considered very high example. Learned Protestant writers who have mado a careful study of this question, say unhesitatingly that Luther oould not possibly have translated the version of the Bible that goes by his name, and they Bay, moreover, that he made a very free use of the German Catholio version known ns the Gorman Vulgate. Melanothon arrived in Witton '25th August, 1618; Luther attended his lectures, and began for the first tiuio to study Greek. Molanothon in a epoeoh to the students mentions how Luther, already advanced in years (quamvis jam senetc), had learnt the Greek tongue. In June, 1619, there was the famous Leipsio disputation with Eok, and in April, 1521, Luther readied Worms, Luther's time was never so buBily oofupiod as during this period. He was in lengthened controversy with Eck and Emsor; ho was sending forth book nftor book against the Pope; and ho was answering the condemnation of the leading universities of Europe. These are some of the difficulties students of history raise, and ordinary people do not find it at all eaay to see Low Luther, with his biblioal studioBBO constantly interrupted, oould in so short a period have given the world an original version of the Bible in German. Tho immense |oiroulation ot the Bible in pagan lands is no proof that the Sacred Soriptures are road by the people. ProteBtant missionary agonts complain ot the profane purposes to whioh tho Holy Book is applied. I give a tew out ot many Protostant testimonies. " Tho cause ot the eagerness whioh has Bometimos been evinced," writes Arohdeaoon Grant," to obtain the eaored volumo cannot be traced to a thirst for the word of life, but to tho teculur purposos, the unhallowed UBOS to whioh the holy word ot Qod, left in their hands, has been turned, and whioh ara ins." " The Bibles have been soon," ciaya Dr. Wolls Williams, " on the eounters ot shops in Macao, cut in two«tor wrapping up modicinea and fruit, whioh the snopman would not do with tho worst ot his own books." "Some ot the people, more impudont than the rest, as soon as they had rooeived them, said: 'These are Hoe things tor wadding tor our guns when wo go into the jungles to shoot.'" And Mr. Pavltyni bears witness for Ahys. siuia:—" Tho use to whioh the many Bibles given away in this country we commonly applied is the wrapping up ot snufi and suoh like undignified purposes/' A Protestant missionary has tho honesty to tell his employers—" We have had no' proofs that the thousands of books thrown among this people have excited one mind to inquire oonoernlng them, havo induoed one soul to find a teaoher among tho foreigners in China or have been the moans of converting one individual." Mr, Mansfield Parkyne, whose im. partiality is bsvond question, tells us of ProteBtant missionaries in Abyssinia who sit under a tent and distribute Bibles 11 indiscriminately to all who happen from curiosity to oome in. Among the many persons I have met with who had received thorn one man in particular had two oopies given to him, which, as might have been oxpooted, he sold the same evening for a jar of beor, and got drunk on tho strength of it. . . . I am convinced that our good friend in question, far from being able to read, never knew the meaning of a single prayor of any sort or description. Another man whom I knew, a native prieBt, reoeived a oopy. He could read it; the missionary, perceiving that ho appeared to sot little value on the book, told him to be oareful of it, as its cost, evon where it wan mado, was considerable (I believe Bix dollars) I The priestjvery naively answered—" Ah I I am unworthy ot so oostly a giftl Take baok your Bible and give mo one dollar; it is enough for me." "As to the translations of the Holy Soripturos into modern languages, the Oatholio Ohuroh requires that none shall be put into the hands of the faithful but suoh aB are acknowledged by oooleBiastioal authority to be aoourate, and conformable to the seuBe ot the originals. There nevor was a general law of tho Oatholio Churoh prohibiting the reading of authorised translations of the Soriptures; but considering that many, by their ignoranoe and evil dispositions, have porverted the meaning ot the Saorod Text to their own doBtruotion, the Ohuroh has thought it prudent to make a regulation that the faithful Bhould be guided in this mattor by tho advioe of their respective pastors." After further remarks, and after oiting the Rescript of Pope Pius VII., dated 18th April, 1820, ana addressed to the Vioars Apostolic in England, the Bishops add:—" But when the reading and oiroulation of the Soriptures aro urged and reoommondod as tho entire llulo of Faith—as the solo means by whioh men are to be brought to tho oerlniti and spooifio knowledge ot the dootrinos, prcoepts, and institutions of Olirist; and whon the ScriptureB BO read and oiroulated are loft to the interpretation and private judgmont of eaoh individual—then suoh reading, oiroulation, and interpretation are forbidden by the Catholio Churoh; because tho Oatholio Church knows that the oiroulation of tho Soripturos, and the interpretation of them by eaoh one's private judgment, was not the moans ordained by Christ tor tho communication ot tho true knowledge of HiB Law to all nations. She knows that Christianity was established in (many oountrios beforo one book of tho New TeBtamont was written; that it was not by moans of tho Soriptures that tho ApostleB and their suooossors converted nations, or any one nation, to the unity of the Christian faith; that tho author* iscd reading and circulation ot the Soripturos and the interpretation of thereby private judgement, are'calculated toieafrjmen to contradictory dootrinos on the primary artioks of GlitWi&n; jbelifef+^dittconfciiiuint forms of worahui, whioh 'fifciHldt tftl Jtfe constituent parts ^("toe unifoim eM'wrtime Byetem of Ohrisllamty-ftol^^i^An^MDatioism in religion, aM;to_44uibiiB"and the greatoat disorders in states'and kingdoms." Tho accumulated mass of evidence I have brought belore you surely disposes of the statement that the Ohuroh is the onemy of the Bible. No ono oan dispassionately read the history of tho holy volume without feeling beyond all manner of doubt that to the Ohuroh, and to her alono, under God's protecting providence, aro wo indebted for its prosorvntion. Whon the tide of barbarism was swooping over Europe, and tho old civilisation waetotteringto piocea—when tho ohoicost treasures of literature woro perishing hopelessly, the Churoh colleotod the Baored pages into what sho oalled by preeminence Tho Book, and saved them from tho general destruction. From Pope St. DamasuB, who oommisBioned St. Jerome to gather up the scriptural learning of east and west, and enshrine the fragments in her authorised version to Pope Leo XIII.,who now happily rulos, her record has been ono of fidelity to the priceloss treasuroentrusted to her keeping. And if men oannot appreciate her superhuman struggle to preserve God's Word inviolate, they should at loast remomber what they owe to Oatholio scholarship, and be grateful to the Sovereign Pontiff, who, out of his limited means, enabled that eoholarship to oonvey God's written message to tho despised heathen. Tho fire whioh broke oat ou board the R.M.S.S. Orient on Friday evening, and raged during the whole of that night and part of tine following day, was extinguished on Saturday afternoon. It was oonflnod to the oompartmsntin whioh it originated, and the ship sustained little or no struc. tural damage. After survey who was allowed to prooead to Sydney on Tuesday. 