St. Nicholas' Church Mission. THm mission now going on at St. Nicholas' Church began last Friday evening. After shortened evensong and the singing of the hymn, " Come, Holy Ghost, our Souls Inspire," the glergy and people kneeling, Canon Spencer said the introductory service of the mission, handing over to the Roev. E. Allanson's " loving care nod "ilithful teaching" the eoulds of the parishioners, and invuoking the divine blessing upon him and them. The missioner then delivered his introductory ad dress, after which, vested only in his cassock, he came down among the people, and, adopting a more homely style, gave an instruction such as could not fail to stick in the minds of the listeners, who nearly filled the building. On Saturday at 8 n.m. there was a celebration of holy com munion, and a daily contmunion at the same hour is the rule of the mission. Of thlese colebrations a connected series of instructions is givent in a quiet, impressive manner upon the sacramental teaching of the church. On Saturday evening after a short mission service a torchlight procession, consisting of the bullt of the congregation, headed by the missioner and the viCor of the pareih (robed), proceeded to the intersection of Auburn and IBradley lstreets, singing hymns all the way, and there, after a hymn and prayers and aiother hymn, the missioucr preached upon the subject " Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeduth out of the mouth of God." Ite said man must have everything needful for the welfare of his body; ho must hoave social inter course with his fellow man: he omust have educa tion in order to his perfect development; but above all, he must have religion. There was a great black mass of people outside the place illuminated by the torches, and the preacher with his pone trating voloe and clear enunciation must hare made himself heard by the most distant. The crowd was as orderly and reverent apparently as if in church. The singing by many trained voices woa very sweet. Tle servriceo wans closed by thle vicar reading verse after verse of a hymn, which was sung by a mass of voices, and giving the blessing. As this is a parochial mission the vicar does not hold even the open-air service outside the boundary of his parish, which is the north side of Bradley-stret. On Sunday there were seven ser vices altogether in the parish church, the oniasioner taking all the sermons, ad dresses, and instructions. At 2.15 there waos a servioa for children. Tihe missioner'e manner with children is very happy, and they showed how they liked it by filling thle greater part of the church on uoeday tt 4.30. A children's service is held daily, except Saturday, and the rule of the mission is that tle children go from school to church without going honme to changoe their dreoes. At 3.15 a service for women only rwas held. The address was on the influence of wvomen. A large number attended, and some, after it hlad closed, ex pressed a wish that all the women in Goulburn could ave heard it. Before the close those who felt they could do so united with themissionerin sayig aloud aprayer consecrating themselves afresh to God. At 4.15 a number of men assembled to listen to an address upon atheism, agnosticism, and intfidelity. In the evening the church wans again crowded. After evensong, said by the vicar, the missiouner preached. As many as chose were then allowsed to retire during the singing of a hymn. Most of the congregation remained for the after- meoeting and instruction. Yoe?trday, in addition to the early communion and the children's service, there was a service at 3.15 with an address on "the spirituaI life." Every day except Saturday a soer vice with a simnilar address will be hleld at the same hour. Last night a large congregation nassembled. The preather spoke on thle words of St. Peter, " Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, O Lord." It was a well-reasoned, powerful utteanoce, which could not faill to awaken the consciences of the listeners. IMost of the people tagain remained for tso aftor.meoting. Thus the mission goes on. There is no excitement: there is no attempt to creato eorcitemlent; anything of thle kind is depro cated. oBut it is deeply interesting, and well arranged so as to influence for good tio lives of all sorts of people who will allow thecmselves to come within the sphere of its influence. The singing is very hearty and spirit-stirring, and it is cultivated tinging, too. One feature of the mission is that people desiring to ask for prayers for themsheles or athers write their requoests, and, without giving any names, drop them into the "Missinonor's letter box," oand at the next mission serviOe their petitions are included in the "litany of the moission.'" People also who wish for answers to questions put their in quiries into the letter box, and these are answered at thloe next service. The mission will close next uonday nighlt, and on Saturday nighlt next the misscioner will preachb in the open air as before. 