DAYS OF CRIME . AND " IYEARS GFSUFFERING. AN AUTOniOQKAPHt. tt CHAPTER XIII. — (Oo.NHNnjjD.) " Wlion tho morning1 at length dawned ono of tho polioomim wont and fetched my clothes to tho wateh-houso in a cab, .and I, in the true spirit of professional , . vanity, attired myself iu tho best suit I y had. At my commitment I learned the secret of my arrest. J list an hour boforo il had waitod upon the bank manager Mr. iS. had boon to the bank, and had trans ferred his account to another banking firm, so, of course, my lit'tlb storyj how- ovor plausibly dolivored, was known to be an uttor fabrication. In heart, with the full view of tho years of doom beforo mo, I was sad enough ; but I managed to suppress! all emotion, and eoemed to others to rogard' my posi tion with the most perfect nonchalance. I happened to hear the bankor toll tlio in spector of police that if Mr. S. had not transferred his accounts, the bank would have paid tho cheque without the slightest hesitation. Ho said, too, that-. I had address enough to go through with 'any thing, This flattered my vanity, and I called out " Good-byo, I'm off to college ; but when tho vacation eoihos round I may Eerhaps pay' you a professional visit with ettcr roaults tojihyself." The bankor upon this advanced to the cell 'door; 'told me ' (what was true enough) that' with all my clovornoss I was but a foolish hoy, and Ithon he seriously exhorted me "in tho iyenrs that wero to como to apply my |talents to good purposes. . Ho. spoko kindly to me, and 1 listened to him re spectfully, promising to romembcr his advice. To mo lie said, " God assist you to bo good and to tho inspeotor, "Give him somo dinner, and I'll pay for it," and away ho went. In my heart I was voiy wretched, but my misery was not of a character to bo followed by a healthier tono of .mind. I sorrowed not for my sin, but for its de tection. I was chagrined moro than grieved. I was mortifiod to find myself outwitted — brought to justice by tho ex cess of my own would-bo cleverness. I did not, perhaps, think much in thoso times, but sinco than I have had an en larged and terrible oxporicnco in the pur suit of crime, and too well I know that the astutost intellect, the best conceived plans, tlio nicest calculations aro, when appliod to wrong-doing, all impotont to invert tho doom that follows sooner or llaterupon a career of wickedness. Tho 'villainy of to-day may be detected through tho oontingonoios of to-morrow, and triilos tho most insignificant may secure the con- ' viction of tho criminal. A French writer truly snys, thnt justice may be vindicated by a straw. I hope my reader that you aro iionost, and will koop so; but if you are not, clover though you may bo, tho . tiino is not romotely distant when, like myself, you will be caught and caged. CHAPTER XIV. newoaix. '-.i- Newgate. : How suggestive the very word I \- What associations Cluster round 'tho name 1 How the heroes of the far-famed " Calendar " Bturt into life at the very sound, and are visioned before us in all their pristine glory 1 How it bears the memory back to tho good old times, and begots a reverence fox " The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should tako who has the power, And he should keep who aau." Ghosts glide before na aa wa breathe the mystiu syllabloB, and Claude Duval, Oaptain Maheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in . the spirit, present. Newgate I thou great sohool for the improvement of tho mind upon tho mutual instruction system ; than world of recondite mysteries ; thou tcaohor of un known tongues ; with . thy ohoioe precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy phtlo- 'sophical theories and thy daily practices, how ... many a youth haBt thou filled with u opurious mad misdirected emulation, and been ths means of raising to tho most exalted Btation, thy reoords chronicling his tarns, and the hiuusion itaelf becoming his m&usoleum; 1 (Mora than onco have I trodden thy passages 'where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the pout's words and found it epsy to believe that there might rest "Some heart onco pregnant with celestial . f fire; . « Hands which the rod of empire might havo swayed, . : .... Or waked to eoataoy the living lyre." ' . |I have often heard it said that BimpUoity : should be twin to greatness, and. I never iwas so fotoibly. struck with the truth' of this I remark as when the liveried footman of Her ' Majesty's oarriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outaido of ono or two ot tho modern— or model, if you . Ilike— palatial seminaries for ethical tution, 'and tho moretrioioas manner in whiah they wore dcoked out appeared to me to bs a eoxt \- of oarved oommenwry upon their own weak ness. But here, how different 1 No wido portals replete with arohiteotural ornaments. ICion wore opened lor my reaoption. , A little Wooden wioket turned ou its hinges, -and in a moment tho busy street was behind mo, .and a turnkey, a second Daniol. Lambert in rase, atood boforo me with a. not unpleasant Umiln upon his fane. In thoso days photo- teraphy was not in the service of tno prison, snd so my personal appearance and previous ihintory had to be sketched with pen and ink. jlhie was dons inatanter— five feat seven, and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey, ayes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born _ at Finohley, Middlosex, ago sixteen, nnoo in prison before for vagrancy, congenital brown murk on right side near, upper ribs- end tho piotnro was oompleto. I was then introduced to tbo rocoption word, where there wore already throo inmates. I was by ho means appalled by tho look of the plaoe. ' ' I had been familiar woree in my non-pro- (esBional days. There was acooinmodation . , /only for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. S'ho sleeping berths wore contained an a tbreo storied frumo, and tbero wero » , three rags and a mat to eaoh berth. The ward contained a firo-plaos, but tho weather being warm there was of aourse no fire. Over the fire place was a bust rudely oarved, whiah my oompaniono (insured me was a traditional ' Ukenoss of Jaok Sbeppnrd. Abova this was a largo board, on wbioh was a painted notice that any defaoing or injury of tho books mlsced in tho ward would meet with punish- ! ; meat. What books wero referred to I oannot say, for never saw ouy, oxocpt in chapel, : during my sojourn in tho prison. There was a dietary sale hanging up by the sido of tho ward door, and a glance at this oonvinoed <qe that tbe turtio- loving oivie authorities ' . had framed it in o eympathotio spirit, '.... Il sbonld Uka to minntoly rooord their ' / (generous bill of fore, but my memory na treaoherouo. I know that the , , gruel was nice and sweot, that tho bread was > ' (good, and tho meat and potatoes satisfying. : ' ITha praoiso quantities I oannot now specify, I only paBsed ono night in tbo recaption ward, 'and this lopont lietoning to the narrations ot : i ' my companions, two of whom were in for :a;:- V ipaseing counterfeit coin, nnd tho other for 1 a : iploking pookots. I muet admit, however, hat thoir languagoforthe moat part was in. V''.v 1 nomprebeneiblo to mo. Tho piokpooket da. Mtibed how ha fanned a bloak's kiok and then touohed him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gavo out tho pay ; that he made trnoks like winkon ; that tbo bleak con tinued to give beetmont ; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that ba had slang tho dummy -, that the block rapt hard against him, and so ho was fullicil to tho start, nnd was sure to get seven etretah on aooount of his formers. Tho two for tho bed money talked abont being out of date, amashng halt bulls and oounters, ringing the changes, <&o.; I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their tozms, and so, laughing at my greennosa, they explained everything to mo. I in my turn astonished them with some of my own doingR, and they soon da- elareil I was no flat after all. In this man ner passed my firet night in Newgate. Tbe next morning, after the medical officer had examined mo, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards ot tho prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respeots tbe Bams as the reception-ward, There was the fire plaoe, and tho painted board with tbe hook notice, tho rack sleeping borths, the mats and the rage. There wore also two ta bles and four forms, which I romembor ex ceedingly woll, as tbo forms were need far draught- boards, and tbe tables far playing at ohovo-hnlf-psnny, buttonD being used iuBtesd of halfpence. There wero not mora than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I on- tored, eight of thoso wero employed at a -well- known prison gamo called " aoddom." As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearanae from tho general inmates of tho place, attention was immediately direotcd to wards me. I can bear testimony both to tho zeal and skill of some of my companions, for boforo I had been in tbo ward an hour my silk handkerchief, wbioh I aftorwarda ascertained wss_ a " belcher," had changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the "dipping" line of the profession. I made a.vittua of noooesity, and bore the loss good-hnmoredly, and as I could tall a good story, I soon became quite a favourite with ipy companions. My prison ocquaintBnceowcre by no means limited to those ounfinc-d in tho same ward with me, for when we wore out in tho airing-yard, which wo wore half the day, the inmates of three or four yards wero together. I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among ; but I oertoinly was as- tc&ishad; that prooceaiogs suoh as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Publioly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction prinoiple, Tbe burglar akelohed upon tbo prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongno, explained their varionB uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by whioh his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. Tho piokpooket was moro opt in deed than in word, and gave praatioal instructions in " buzzing." Iu nhort I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal ot the professors in this college wae so untiring, tbo methods of in struction so varied and bo spt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intolleot would, after a term or two, be qualified for a dogreo. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to roe. Ono was a young man not muoh over twenty, good- looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its aoholastio sense. He was one of tho most expert piokpookets in London, and was known as "Bullivan the Wire." The other was a middlo-aged man ; had boea three times transported, and boaeted of it; knew every oant term of tho prison, snd could do something in all tho branches of prigiBm ; wsb a shrewd man of the world with a fair amount of intelligence ; was a olovor sophist in attempting to justify crime ; oarriod on business in London as a "fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient eviueuutt, wau Dure m 00 aoqaicsoa, XD6B0 two companions were apt teachers, the ono giving praotioal lessons, and the other en forcing with a dangerous plausibility hia favorite theories. Many an honr Sudlivan busied himself with an. earnestness worthy of a better chubs in instructing me how to piok pookots. Ho was an adept at the busi ness himself, and by constant practice I eoon becama as ekport as he wsb. I have never exeroised my skill for my own profit in tho world except on one ocoasion, when, having had my pooket book taken from me on the Melbourne raoecourso by ono of a party of three, T followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had rcooverod my property and emptied their pookete into tho bargain, a regular " diamond-oat- diamoud" affair. My other Newgate companion — JohnHon the fence— wbb, in his teaohings, of a far more ctangerous oharaoter. In favor of orime ho advauoed the esme eort of argu ment that had occurred to myself. Bat there was this difference between us, however aim- ningly I might ontauglo myself in my own sop hisms, I was never completely deceived by thorn, but always had an lunate aonviction of thai: falsity. With Johnson it was other wise. His mind was ao utterly warped that he b'olievcd aa he argued, and had no vision of tho truth whioh lny beyond his own per- nioicus dootrines. Faith, ait hor in the falsa or the true, begets oarneatness; snd thus Johnson was a most earnost teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. His argu ments on myself were thrown away, for I havo nover confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myeolf the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of oant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now on' authority in teohnioal terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several flash songs for tho great master linguist, to be sung in the prison yaid, but I now turn from them mysolt with loathing, and oannot suppose that the reader would do otherwise. Those com positions wero mora ourious than edifying, It was thus that I passed the time in New gate. But what oonld be ezpeoted ? The activities of tbe mind will employ themselves, and in the nbsenoo of everything good thoy arc Bare to ocoapy themsalvos with evil.' With no books, no oeoapation of any kind, it is not muoh to be wondered at that I and my iellow-prieocers disouBsed orime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still trtoro guilty deeds on our return to tho world than thoso for which we wero thon awaiting onr doom. There was no attempt at classification, and aa for some reason or the other the mon wero frequently changed from ward to ward, by tbo time the eessions commenced I had made the, acquaintance of nearly ovory committed pri soner in the gaol. I thua had the orimiual character before main a variety of its phases ; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interest. Among the rankest woeds there wore still flowers otruggling for oxist- enoe — in tho natnroB tho most depraved re- dooming traits wero to be found. Most ot the orime around me was of priaon growth, and tho fountain-heads whenos flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. CHAPTER XT. ' PRISON LIPS. Tho first week I was in Newgate a boy not moro than ten yeare of age was placed in my ward. Ho was crying bitterly when ho onterod the ward, and as. nearly all the other prisoners laughed at what thoy termed his snivelling, I attempted to soothe him, and inquired tho oauso of his tesrB. Tho little fellow told me he had beon employed as an errand boy at somo military tailor's shop, and that one of the mon had givon him a oouplo of epaulettes to take to some place. As he was on the point of leaving tho shop, the forainan saw him with the artioles, and asked what he was going to do with them. He told him thoy had beon given to him to take out for ono of the men ; bat when the man was referred to, he denied the state ment of theboy, and swore he knew nothing about them. It seems tho man had workoa along time in the shop, and as his .charac ter was good, the, boy was disbeliovod, given into oustody, and committed for trial ! I was quito convinced of this boy's innocence, but tho jury arrived .at a- dif ferent conclusion i and the poor little fel- . 1 — »' .iw«a— '" low was "sonteticod to Tie fuirirlsonod In Newgate for throe' months, ana to botwioo whippod. Ton yoars afterwards a brutal murder was committed by two young men near Sawpit Gully, in this colony. Both woro oondomned and sentenced to be cxocuted. Tho name of ono was- Roaoli, I woo then a prison-olork in tho Melbourne Gaol, and I was in the habit of sitting up with those who were gallows-doomed dur ing tho last few nights of their sojourn upon earth, Thus, I sat up with Roaoli, The last night ho wrote a lettor to Eng land to his father, which he handed me to road. It was a long, sad letter, but the saddest passage it contained was this "I am guilty, vory guilty, now dear father, and in a fow hours I shall bo dead ; but indeed, when I was flogged and, imprisoned in Newgate for stealing the opaulottos, I wa3 innocont and good. You will boliovo mo now, for God will judge mo soon, and I would not tell a lio in . my last momonts." On reading this pas- BAgo it flashed upon mo directly that Roach was tho samo little boy (and yet how diflorent 1) whom I had comforted with kind words in Newgate ward, and I was right. When I mentioned the oir- cumstmico to him with an intensity of mental vision that I have on other such occasions found to be possessod by those who stand on tho vorge of the gravo, he looked back upon the far-off past nnd re called nt onco tho minutest particulars of onr first mooting. I was torribly nffeotcd at this sudden recognition ; and pioturing to myself tho poor weeping innocont boy whom I had pitied in Nowgate, and soeing the blood-stained unhappy being beforo ino whose last eun wus set, 1 was unable to control my feolings and I sobbed like a child. Ho, too, wept, and our tears mingled. Tho first kindnesa that had visited his priBon-lifo ho had received at my bauds, nnd tho last consolation, which in that droad hour only faith could give, ' I breathed into his ear in tho Saviour's words. I might, by way of episode, give his story, but I havo heard so many like it, that to me it seems too common-piace to narrate at length. It may be condensed into half-a-dozen lines. In Newgate he was familiarised with orime, contracted a prison-intimacy with ono oldor than him self, was met by him outside tho prison, for crime wub shortly after arrested again, was in tho course of a fow months trans ported, hud suffered a 'good deal of punish ment in Van Diemon's Land, ana, com pletely hardened in heart, had finally com mitted murder. Some timo during tho first woek of my oon-finomont I was sont for by the chaplain, and interrogated with rofcr- onco to my previous history. My inter view was a vory long one, for, as' he told me I could speak to him in all confidence, I related to him my whole history. At first lie scarcoly believed tne, but after a pretty keen cross-examination'! succeeded in convincing him that my narration was perfootly true. He addressed me in very kind words, and nppoared, by his manner, to be really eorry for me.- - 1 could not avoid mentioning to him the fact of thore boing no books in any of tho wards,, and he said that tlio prison'ors had destroyed them so frequently that the prison author ities seemed to think it useless to supply any more. Ho stated, liowevor, that he would make a demand for some entertain ing hooks, nnd recommend that thoy siiauia do issued to prisoners, personally, and not placod in tlie wards as lieroto- foro,a mothod whioh would lend to individ ual responsibility, and thus cause- the bboks to be moro carefully used. On the following day ho again sent for me, and lent me, from his own private library, a couple of volumes — Raid on the Mind and Cowfer'a Poems.' Those books wore a source of never- failing enjoyment to me, and I UBod to' think then when so_ little could make one happy, how foolish it was to commit sin by wholesale, in tlie vain pursuit of happiness. During my stay in Nowgute the chaplain sont for mo, from time to time, and was always ready with a fresh book wlion I solicited the favor. The Rov. Mr. Davis, the then Ordinary of Norwgato, was without doubt a true servant of Ilia Heavenly Master, ancl I now record with grateful remombrunoe the Ohriatian kitid- nosswhiclihoextended to mo. Surrounded as ho was by the worst elements of human nature, lio liad faitli in God's power to ro- duuui. He uuuib largely ill gOilileness, knowing that " The rugged rock oft holds within its hosiim, Dcop hidden, a fount of sweet and living waters, That needs but the soft power of some sweet influence To call it gushing forth." It was in Newgate 'that I had noticod the ceaseless craving which exists among prisoners for tobacco. It is in the gaol what money io in tlio world. Only pos sess tobacco, and you can command the services of thoso around you in auy way you may wish. For a couple of chows of tobacco 1 havo frequently known a man to part with nearly tho whole of his day's food. Of course it was in Nowgate a pro hibited nrticlo ; but somehow, despite the vigilanco of turnkeys, it used to punetrato oven to tho vory condemned colls. It wae no unueital thing to boo a man cutting off the largo buttons off his coat, whioh in reality woro round piecos of tho narcotic _ weed neatly covered. I have known worshippers of the niighty nicotine prinoiple sacrifice thoir last shirt in testimony of their own great devotion. Everything was appraised by a tobacco standard of value. " Bill's tog," oho would say, "is worth three cosh of stuff." A third would be making anxioqs inquiries for somo one to give him "throe- parts of a cosh for his satin Benjamin." A kosh or cohh (tho orthography is uncertain) of stuff is, in plain words, a fig or plug of tobacco. I romombor one day, when to bacco was an exceed ingly soaroo commodity, I was laughing at tho woeful- looking visageB of thoso around ma, who, unable to obtain tho loast partiole of the oovetod wood, had very muoh the appearanoe of mon who .woro going to be hangod. Thoy wore all so 'ill-tempered thore was no (jet ting evon a oivil word from any of them, and even tlie ordinary professional avoca: .tions seemed to be at a standstill. The old log was down oil his luck, and hadn't a word to say. The housebreaking artist no longer sketched his illustrations upon the yard pavement ; and young Sullivan was so terribly out of tempor that he re- fused to give mo my daily lesson in tho dipping lino. To put them all in good humor I managed to 'obtain a poncil and a bit of a white calico shirt, and I com posed "A cross chop's address to. his niste in a time of great tobaooo soaroity." The lines wore rubbish, which I should be ashamed to repeat, but I did not think bo at the time. Having improvised the rhyming appeal to tho charitable, I stuok it up in tne yard, and it attraotod tho attention of the turnkey.' But tho idiot had no soul for humor, and he introduced both me and my verse to the govornor, anu I wss lookod up for three days.. T" nn CoimOTJEo Susian Goolidgo is one of tho few who have become rich from literary work. Long ago. she built a handsome bouse, in New- . port from the profits of her stories. Sbe is notably fond of children and. parrots.— (No wondejj . - i t -. ' ' ' , ' .y: ' /. 