DB. PARKER AND THE POfE. Dr. JOSEPH Pabkbb baa addressed the following answer to tbe Pope la reply to tbe recent letter of ble Holiness : — ' The City Temple, London, Oct. 9. ' Holy Father. — As yoar moBt graoloDB letter to tbe people of England deeply touched my beart and drew forth my beat ?BBI1UKO wwmuo -wui uuiiuonr, iu-a ujubi. be my reneoo for attempting tbe other wise presumptuous taab of endeavouring to make some personal reply to yoar graoloa8 overture?. Aa to ita dignity. Its spiritual fervor, and ita pastoral solicitude, the letter cannot hot be regarded an In every «epeot worlby of tbe illustrious Pontiff of the Roman Church. Id the name of God Almighty and Hie only Hon CbrlBt Jeans, whom we In common bambly adore and etrlvp, tbnugb In eztremest weaknrss, to serve, I BPk to be permitted to tbunb yoar Holiness for a pastoral eo Btrong In large-minded desire, and bo tender Id elmple and adeotlng pathos. 'Yoar Hollneso will not disdain the approaob of a solitary Protestant pastor, working witbln tbe lines of Enelinh non conformity, who adores the lB0E»Date80n of God as the Eternal and Only Head of fhn flhnhnh rndppmnr) hv FTta mnat nro. oIodb blood and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation under heaven. 'If I could be satisfied to pay personal bomage to illustrious learning and still more illustrious piety, and to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splmdoar. I know not to whom I could more unreservedly offer my bumble tribute than toyour Holiness. But when I seek to satisfy an infinitely larger re sponsibility and to express an infinitely deeper faith, I turn to tbe living Lord nf the Cburcb who permits me, by the un speakable condescension of His grace, tn commune with Him in penitence and lowliness of heart. I know no Head of the Cburcb but tbe crucified and ascended Christ. I know no real aDd lasting union but tbe IndwelliDg of tbe Holy Ghost equal In power «nd glory with tbe Father and Sod. I obey no authorily but tbe Word and Rule of Him qui est imago Del invlaibilis, primogenltua ononis crea turae Ipse est aote omnes, et omnia in Ipso constant 'Holy Father, if Ibis were a merely personal matter, I could baldly forgive myself for seeking to approach a preseoce eo august and so venerable, but, inns mucb as you have appealed tn all seotions of the ISaglfsb people upon questions which effect tbe very standing nf tbe bouI before God, I have emboldened myself to bear witneBB to tbe Headship of the Blessed Christ and to deollne communion with any man or any Chorcb that would officially or prescrlptlvely come between me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself wltb presumption in assuring your HollDesB that this fa substantially the poBition of all Protestant EngliBli ' It bag been my most sollollous desire to express myself In terms nf reverential courtesy towards the personal dignity of your HolfDess, and, if possible, my still fntenser desire tn make It clear that Protestantism le neither a prejudice nor a wbim, but a deep and unchangeable ex pression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards as the will of the Triune God. 'I pray you, Holy Father, not to des pise me as a beretlo. but to regard me bb one who daily deBires to know aDd exemplify tbe trutb aa it Is in JesoB. As I wiBb to appear before your Holiness in my true colors, it may be right that I Bhould add tnat tbe Archbishop of Can terbury would disallow tbe vilidity of my orders as distinctly as your Holioess would sceptically regard tbe Archbishop's pretensions. Nevertheless, It is my Bupremest Joy to believe that by thesplrit of God factus sum minister secundum dODam gratiae Dei, quae data est mibl secundum operationem vlrtutls ejus.— With all personal bomage, your Hoil nees'a bumble servant, Joseph Pabker.' 