PEESOxVAL. -.-..? - ? ? ? ? ^ ? . ? . . Aldeuman Higgins has been elected Mayor o Braidwood. Sir llobert Duff has been suffering from influenza ah Hobart. Thomas Litheren, one of the oldest farmers in the Mud gee district, has just died. When Oiive Schreiner wrote ' An African \ Henry Macnamara, just elected alderman for the \ Forest Lodge Ward, Glebe, is 22 years, of. agd. ; - Mn. R. J. J. 'Hyan, solicitor, has been elected | Mayor 01! Dubbo. ' Dick' is by no means new to I the office. I Mit. George Coleman, who lately consented to resume his old place in the council, has been elected Mayor of .VVagga. I Mr. W. M'Millan, M.P., leaves for England on 1 Monday, next — some say with the Agency- General I in his pocket. i Sir Henry Farkes, in his speech at Kiama a few days .ago, -made, not a single reference to the cele brated ' Ghost.' Prince Hohenlohe, Chancellor of the German Empire, is the fitst Catholic to' occupy that high office in modern times. JosisiMiiNi; Sutfieiszka Javosko, once a countess in St. Petersburg, sells newspapers in front of the post-office in Brooklyn. Mus. Patrick Cullen, wife of a well-known Blayney farmer, died very suddenly a few days ago from failure of the heart's action. Puinck Joseph of Biittonberg, brother-in-law of Queen Victoria's youngest daughter, is on a visit to Sydney. Amongst the hospital committee elected at Windsor recently we note the names of Messrs. B. Oonlon and D. Holland, J.'sP. The ltight Hon. Charles Pelham Villier3, ' the Father of the House of Commons,' has entered upon his 9.4th year. Fkanz Kossuth, son of the late Hungarian patriot, has taken the oath of allegiance to Emperor Franz Joseph, of Austria, 121 his sovereignty of Hungary. Mr. Patrick Fisher, late of Coffee Hill, died last week at the residence of his sister-in-law, Mrs. Reynolds, of Orange. lie leaves a widow and. eight children in very poor circumstances. The Chinese Viceroy, Li Hing Chang, is once more in favour. The Emperor has reinvested him with the Yellow Jacket, the Peacock's Feather, and other honours of which he was recently deprived. His Majesty has also appointed him to proceed as a peace envoy to Japan. Sir William Farmer, entertained by Commodore Samuel Hordern the other day, complimented his host upon his successful patronage of yachting in Port Jackson ; and specially upon the rapid strides with which the Prince Alfred Yacht Club has pro gressed under his commodoreship. The will of the late Joseph Ware, of Minjah s'a'.ion, near Caramut (Vic), grazier, has been lodged for probate. The estate is, valued at under £155,000, of which £127,000 i, real and £28,999 per sonal. The bulk of the money is left to the de ceased's wife and children. The doctor who pulled the old Ameer of Afghani stan through his late illness is a young lady of Ayrshire, Miss L. Hamilton, M.D., who took hpr medical degree three years ago in Brussels, and practised in Calcutta before she went to Afghani stan. A pseudo baronet, Charles Jordan, pleaded not guilty at the Criminal Court, Melbourne, on Friday to two charges of obtaining money under feilse pretences. He complained that the police had pre vented him from securing deposit receipts on an Auckland Bank in which he had monej'i and ap plied for an adjournment until March, which was granted. The late John Benn, who died in the Southern metropolis last week aged 75, arrived in Victoria in the early fifties. Starting as a grocer, he was ulti mately identified with many commercial institu tions. He was one of the promoters of the first Melbourne Gas Co., and was its chairman at the time of his death. Already! The People's Rights Party in Russia, which is largely composed of the best men, are in dignant at the autocratic claims of the Czar. They have issued a manifesto in which they state that the Emperor Nicholas has killed his popularity, that in claiming axitocracy he is digging his own grave, and will soon succumb, and that he has challenged the country to choose between progress and liberty. On March 2 Pope Leo XIII. will attain his SGth birthday. He is very humorous in regard to his age. Not long ago the rector of the Belgian College presented him with his work on the 'Life of Leo XIII.,' in two large volumes. 'I thank you for your book,' said the Pope; 'but, let me tell you, I hope to give you material for two more volumes as large as these.' The Pope's energy is wonderful. Though his medical attendants advise him to economize his strength, he pays them little or no attention. The late Viscount Monck is 'well known in con nection with a repartee in which his lordship came off second best. When an Irish peer, he sat in the Commons as Liberal member for Portsmouth ; and going up to the late Vincent Scully, another well known Irish member, he said : — ' Halloa, old Sculls, how are your' 'My lord,' was the quick reply, ' if you are going to* take the 'y ' from my name, I beg you will add it to your own.' Mil. Thomas Elliot, the lucky Coolgardie pro spector, and who was until recently part proprietor of the famous Londonderry mine, having decided on taking up his residence in Ballarat, has purchased for £2500 'Elsinore,' situate near Lake Wen douree, the property of Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., who, it is said, is about to remove to Melbourne. Mr. Elliot has also purchased from Mr. D. Brophy the well-known Sturt-street property known as Brophy's Hotel, the price paid being £4500, or at the rate of £167 per foot. Two old Goulburn residents haye passed, away during the past week. Mrs. C. S. Fuller was carried off 'aged 58 by typhoid fever, leaving a respected family, besides her husband, of five daughters and three sons. The funeral was a very large and representative one, the last, prayers being said by the Rev. Father Sullivan. A. resident of the city for over forty years has been lost in Mr. James Grealey. Deceased was 95 years of age, having been born in Ireland in January 1800, and been a colonist over 50 years, A lady, who recently paid a visit to Hawarden, says of the G. O. M. and his wife : 'We found the grand old people most flourishing. I never saw him looking better. He came hurrying in after we had well begun luncheon, as he always does, to save time, I fancy. After a cup of strong soup lie assai'.ed a dish of hashed turkey with a vigour that suggested that his mind was not entirely free from reflection on the Armenian atrocities. He talked on all topics, from the disestablishment of the Scotch Kirk to the storm that had raged round the coast the night before.' Mr. Timothy Maher, of Maitland, died on Saturday week, after a, lengthened illness, deeply regretted by all who knew his sterling worth. The funeral was attended by a very large number of persons. The procession left the deceased's house about half- past two for St. John's Cathedral, the members of the Guild taking the lead. The same order was observed to the cemetery at CampbeL's Hill, where the remains were interred. The Rev. Father Roche read the burial services at the cathe dral and the grave. The lenient sentence of 12 months' imprisonment passed upon Williams, charged with the murder of O'Connor, a fellow-prisoner in Ba'thurst'gao1, must have surprised the man charged as much as it cer tainly did a large section of the public. The case for the defence — that O'Connor hud systematically persecuted Williams, and gradually goaded him to the commission of the act — while it seems to have appealed to both jury and judge, was in itself the strongest evidence that a good deal of malice prepense might have been established ; but not many will regret that the charge was, for all that, reduced to manslaughter. Many of our readers, specially of the city, where he become quite an institution, will regret to learn that Bandmaster Devery, of the Permanent Force, leaves by the outgoing English mail steamer on this Saturday. Mr. Devery's baton will be missed at those outdoor performances of his band which for many years have been one of the week's events in Sydney. On Sunday last at the evening devotions in St. Francis' Church, Paddington (at which he was a regular and devout attendant) the veteran leader played a clarionet solo (' Summerlied') with great impressiveness. If your children are troubled with worms, give them* Mother Graves' Worm Exterminator ; safe, sure, and effectual. Try it, and mark the improve ment in your child. SAMtTEL ;.;Arndel)i;.: a : 35-' years' resident of the Narrabri district, is dead. It is stated on trustworthy authority that Mdrae* Patti's annual income for several yearn past had not been less than £40,000. : General regret has been expressed at Mr' Andrew Hoban's resignation of the secretaryship of St. John's branch of the A.H.O. Guild, Maitland, through pressure of other duties. Mr. Thomas Doosey has been elected to succeed Mr. Hoban. A little gossip about Queen. Ranavalonajaka III., of Madagascar, who has lately come into sudden political prominence. The Queen is invari ably dressed in the latest Parisian fashions. Her private expenses are met by a fund called the ' hasina,' to which all who go into the presence of her Majesty are required to contribute a five-franc piece. It is the duty of the youngest member of the Royal family to present a hat, into which the coin is dropped. Moreover, whenever the Quean travels, the inhabitants of all the towns and villages are expected to contribute to the same fund, eitaer in money or in kind. Dress occupies a good deal of her Majesty's attention, but she is also fond of games, and particularly of lotto and billiurds. Every new mechanical invention, such as talking dolls with phonographs inside them, electric-light lamps, musical boxes, and so forth, are to be seen in great profusion in the Royal palacs. Queen Rana valonijaka III. is also fond of kites, and natters herself that she can fly a kite higher than any one of her subjects. It is true her subjects do not dare to seriously compete with her at the game. . DoEsnot this read like an incident from Dickens or Besant t It is not, though. ? It is simply a case which came to light in Melbourne a few days ago : — ' A pathetic case of the law's delay came under notice on Friday, when a white haired woman of 74, named Mrs. Hannah Peckett, who was com mitted to gaol 18 months ago for contempt of Court, was formally released by Mr. Justice William?. Mrs. Peckett was a sister of the late William Wright, founder of the business of Wright and Edwards, ironworkers. Mr. Wright amassed a fortune, but at the time of his death was insolvent. It was then found that before his death he had made an order to Mrs. Peckett, who kept the house for him, for property valued at £1444. Mrs, Peckett was ordered to execute certain transfers and refrain from dealing with this property, but failed to do bo, and was therefore committed to gaol on an attachment order. Five months ago she executed the transfer, and no objection would then have been offered to her immediate release, but her solicitor having left Melbourne there was no one to move on her behalf. Ultimately the gaol chaplain took the matter in hand, and as a result the old lady was released on Saturday. Ill-fitting boots and shoes cause corns. Hollo* way's Corn Cure is the article to use. Get a bottl' at once and cure your corns. COLEMANE AND Son's pure EuCALYPrE EXTRACT cures Coughs, Colds, Influenza, &c.; 