'The Hawthorn Extinguisher" was him self emphatically snuffed out again yoster- day. IIo is consumed with anxiety that Victorians should drink more German lager beer and less of the local article. He has no particular fault to iind with the Victorian product, except that it is Victorian. But of course that is a fact damnatory enough in itself to at any time arouso Mr. Mur ray Smith's hostility. Ho frankly con- fess$finto the Assembly that lie cares not fraction about "ehutting up" industries. lie worked .himself up into quite.1 ''Comical tangle. "Indsed, it is im- possioloitk) couccivc of '<a -uiore 'delightful chaos of ' Jumbled contradictions than were contained in yesterday's speech of this shining free-trade luminary on the Victo- rian lager beer industry. Ho first froely admitted tho excellence of ths colonial article ; bnt ho had not spoken long before ho proved 'by a method peculiar to Ihb own mental condition that Victorian lngor beer must ho of the very vilest quality. As an instance, ho allowed that Gcrnuiu lager beer sells in Victoria, duty paid, at 10s. 6d. por gallon, and Victorian soils at 6s. The vory fact that tho domes tic manufacturer wants such a difference to induce tho public to drink his product leaves only ono opinion in Mr. Smith's mind as to its quality. Vet when pressed at a Inter stago about tho question of prices, ho declared that ho compared tho Victorian beer only with the best German, and not with inferior brands, because it is an admittedly first class article. Bnt the most amusing fcaturo of this discussion was in tho fear expressed by thin frcc-trador of Competition. Compeli- tition, as is woll known, is the very cornor, stone of tho Cobdeuic doctrine. It is what Lord Fairer, tho president of tho club, called " tho higher law." It is a thing so boneficcnt that of itself it would savo the world. . YcBtcrday tho member for Hawthorn forgot all this, and pleaded the dangor of Competition. Ilis theory was that a high duty on lager boor will attract local competitors ; and as tho local market ' isi limited, such u competition would ho ruinous to the local company, so that it is his benevolent feelings towards the local busi ness which proiiiptcd liini in his attempt to deprive it of its protective duty. Rarely has any member of the Assembly involved himself in a more ludicrous contradiction. And it must ho said tlmt.the lion, member for Richmond 'was merciless in his exposure. Tho free-trader's argument really amounted to this — that as he fears the consequences of afuturo ruinous local competition against Victorian lager beer, lie would in order to avoid such a danger open the ports of tho colony at once to an unrestricted Ger man competition. Competition is a thing so abhorrent to Mr. Smith that, in order to destroy all danger of its ghost in future, ho would bring it upon us bodily in tho present. Woll might Mr. Trenwilh sarcastically remark that a man who uses arguments of this calibre is certain to bo "always in a minority." Yet of such is the kingdom of Cobdcuism. It would not ho worth while noticing these things at length were it not that tho case of colonial lager boor is a fair example of other protective duties. Thoso duties have resulted in giving tho public a much cheaper article, of a better quality. Pre vious to 1889 there was no duty on lager beer. Tho public had then to pay 9s. per gallon for lioer of an inferior quality. These aro facts not in dispute. The duty then imposed was 9d. per gallon. In 1892 this duty was increased to Is. per gallon in hulk nnd Is. 6d. in bottle. The beer is now soldal6s. porgallon, and thequalityisshown by the analysts to bo better than ever — equal to the best Gbfinan, and more suited to our own climate. All tho facts, therefore; go to prove that tho.heer duty has given the public a better article at a cheaper price. But they do not end thero. Tho German importations wcro quoted before tho duty at from 8b. 6d. to 13s. perdozen, according to the lion, member for Richmond. They aro quoted at the same figure to-day. There fore it follows that as the duty has been put on, and the imported price re mains stationary, tlio importer in this instance lias paid tho customs duty and so contributed to the revenue. All the common sense and all the arguments, therefore, told iu favor of maintaining tho duty as it is, seeing that tho revonuo has been benefited, tho local manufacturer encouraged, the beer improved, and not ono farthing extra has boen paid by the consumer. And the only reply to all these overwhelming facts caino from tho member for Hawthorn—" Then the " industry does not 'want tlio duty." It is one that might suggest suspicions of mental petrifaction. Clearly the onus of proof lay on those who sought to disturb this entirely satisfactory con dition of things. It is beyond quos- tion that the duty has been tlio means of developing, what wc have — cheapness and oflkiieucy. Therefore it is sufficient to say that, even if the duty has become inoperative, it would he senseless to removo it. If it works evil, tho evil should have been pointed out. Nothing of the sort was done ; hut only an impish desire for mischief . seemed to animate the mover of this now attempt at industrial extirpation. The House scouted the attempt ; and its attitude shows thAt recent discussions have not been without their educationary influence on both mem bers nnd the country. The debate on tho tobacco duties was renewed and fought over again with great vigor. Unfortunately it was complicated. The countiy mcmbors desired to undo tho ovil done by the Government to tho grow ing industry ; hut instead of seeking to neutralise tho increased excise duty by an equal duty on tho imported manufactured tobacco, which would have left the matter in nearly the samo proportions as before, Mr. Bowser tried to get on an extra three pence on both the Yaw American leaf and the manufactured article. This tlio repre sentatives of the manufacturers would not sanction. Tbo reason is obvious. It would have placed the local workers in tobacco with a now sixpenny impost on their raw material, and only a new protection of threepence against the foreign manufacturer. The town members therefore helped the Government to defeat tho first of Mr. " Bowser's proposals ; hut expressed their desiro to carry the second. This led to some hitter recriminations, in the course oP '' which country '" pro'tcc- " tionists " like Messrs. Graham and Graves found 'their formbr tactics recoil upon tliem. ' They iiavo condemned all protectionist duties over 25 or 30 per Cent., and they have assisted to endanger several industries. Oh this tobacco question they demand a protection for the grower of 200 per cent. Trutli to say, tho town protectionists aro quite willing to give it to them ; hut not at a further expense to the local manufacturers. Some of the warmest passages of the sitting took place whilst.this matter was under dis cussion. The incident may serve a good purpose in allowing to sonic members that all industry should he akin, and that they should not strive for petty sectional advan tages. Dr. Bevan was perhaps a little impulsive when, at the conference with tlio Tobacco nists' Association, he declared that " the " magistrates were the most shameless set " of men lie knew of." It lias of course to be taken into consideration that an English Nonconformist divine has a strong leaning against tho honorary magistracy, which in England is largely composed of clergymen of the Established Church, and the preju dice is so far justifiable that the clerical occupantB of the magisterial office havo almost always displayed thoir utter inca pacity for judicial functions. But tho question of the fitness of honorary justices for their office does not hero hinge upon the English objection that they are members of a class antagonistic to the masses, and that they aro therefore likely to send somo poor woman to gaol for gather ing a few sticks to light her fire with, or deat out heavy punishment to a lad who knocks.ovor.a rabbit. Buchjuogistratei as Dr. Bovan Juts .in hisiVEqglj0it)ind'a oyo do not oki'sVih'this colony, "and would not ho toloratod. Taking tho colonial magis tracy as a whole, it 'practically t'eprcsants all clusses and all shados of political opinion. It by.no moans follows, however, that our local justiciary is sans reprochc. There havo been such things known as packing tlio bench to securo a verdict in a certain way in certain cases, and it has happened whan a charge lias hcon laid against a member of a particular nationality that thu judicial mombers of that nntionnlify rolled up strongly to adjudicate in his case. Parliament has, moroovor, been com pelled to instituto a new liconsing court to meat tho shamolcss system by which justices would rush to distant courts on licensing days in ordor to sway tho deci sions iu tlio cases of certain applications. It is complained that even now the polica aro disconrngod from bringing charges under the Licensing Act owing to tlio evident disinclination of tlio benches tocon- victin faceof tlieclcarontovidcnce. Theinfor- cnccis that the magistrates, or some of thorn, instoad of simply administering the law as they find it, as their duty is, try to miti gate its provisions. It was slntod at the Tobacconists' Conference, for example, that when persons were convicted of vio lating tho law against Sunday trading tlioy wore fined tho minimum penalty of Is. Such decisions could only mean tlmt tho convicting magistrates con sidered the oficncc no real crime, nnd therefore virtually condoned it. Thero lias been tho same laxity in tlio adminis tration of the liquor licence laws aud the Education Act. It is open, of course, for any ono to dissont from tho policy con tained in tlio legislation in question, hut certainly the poisons appointed to carry out tho law should not ho allowed to nul lify it by mal- administratioii. We quito agree with Dr. Bcvnn tlint tlio method of appointing honorary ma gistrates is defective. But it is doubtful whether, if we arc to havo such officers at all, any bettor system is avail able. It would certainly ho inexpedient to resort to popular election, and mako tho appointment of magistrates more or less dependent upon the votes of tho very pcoplo who would he charged before them. It is a significant fact that most of tho abuses connected witli the administration of justice by honorary magistrates occur in the largo centres of population, and notably in Mclbonrne and the suburbs. The reasons are on tlio surface. In a sparsely populated district the operation of public opinion is too active to tolerate an obviously improper appointment, and tho member of Parliament, at whose instance tho appointment is almost always made, would shrink from tho odium which would attach to him from an elevation to tho bench which would out rage public opinion. In tho exercise of his judicial dutios, too, tho country magistrate is amenable to local public opinion, which he could not defy without courting social ostracism. In the metropolitan district tliis popular supervision is in a great measure absent, both as to appoint ments and subsequent procedure. So that while in the country districts wc rarely hear of a court of petty sessions lapsing owing to the non-attendance of justices, it is common enough in tho metro politan suburbs. .It is indeed quito a usual thing, as we understand, that the police have to hunt up magistrates to make a court in many of tlio suburbs ; and wo may instance the scandalous case at Carlton the other day, when not a single jtistico attended, although there were no fewer than 30 resident in the neighborhood. The reasonable deduction to be drawn from tho factB is that while the lower courts in the rural districts, whero littlo judicial business is to ho dono, may he largely left to tho honoraty justices, the more popu lous centres should havo their police court administration entrusted to stipendiary magistrates, who would have no private business to plead as an excuse for tlio neg lect of public duties, and who would be directly responsible to the Government of tho country. 