THE KINETOSCOPE. EDISON'S LATEST MARVELS. Have you seen Carmencita dances You will look in vain for her name on any of the playbills, or even for her photograph in the shop windows yet Carmencita is the most charming dancer possible What a delicate grace in the twirl of her gossamer robe ' What a fine malicious charm in her expression What marvellous combination of eye and ankle and figure! And Carmencita is to be seen daily, and for the paltry sum of a shilling ' Pooh, you answer, "Carmencita is only a photograph." Nothing of the sort, Carmencita is as much alive as you or I are, save only that she is silent which is after all hardly a disadvantage. Those who have once looked into the magical world which the arch- enchanter Edison has made possible with his kinetoscope will be little inclined to treat Carmencita as anything but a very real young person indeed They will go away and admit that truely the age of miracles is not yet past We grow so much surfeited with wonders nowadays that really a new invention more or less makes little stir outside the special coterie whom it concerns the telephone, for instance came in without much fuss and the phonograph, which is more wonderful still, has been a failure as a show. But in the case of the kinetoscope no one can help a genuine feeling of admiration and amuse- ment. Of course the principle on which the machine is worked has been explained over and over again the human eye can only retain 45 or so impressions per second of time therefore, argues Edison in the quiet of his laboratory 48 or 49 photographs of the one object can be taken and exhibited to the eye in a second, we shall have a perfect representation of living motion that sounds easy and feasible enough. Nay, we even knew that the thing has been actually accomplished. But somehow it does not con- vey the impression nor, however stuffed we may be with the theory, does it lessen our astonishment when for the first time we peep through the magic window of the kinetoscope and see actual life-in miniature but actual life. The enterprise of Mr J C Williamson, with whom are associated the MacMahon Brothers, has rendered the kinetoscope available for Australian spectators. At the rooms in Bourke street east opposite the Eastern Market, those who desire to see what contemporary science is really capable of may have the advantage of inspecting some of Mr Edi- son's best productions. Carmencita has been already mentioned but there is a large variety of subjects including the black- smith's forge, a cockfight, an Indian ghost dance, Caicedo the wire walker, Buffalo Bill and many others. It may safely be said that the exhibition is the most astonishing ever given - a remark which we quote on this occasion, because every one who has once seen the kinetoscope must endorse it. 