SEALED ORDERS oa THE TRIPLE MYSTERY This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes, of the New York Polio. CHAPTER XXXV. DOtBLT DESOUNCID. As smoon a they were in the library, Nick said hbarply- c "Now, Chick, answer promptly and napdly." " Yes what is it ?" "How long had you been waiting in the hall-way for me when I arrived F" "Two hours, nearly." "Who went up the stairs while you waited there P" "Dozens." " Well, wbo f" "Very few whom I know. They were I ladies." "Did you see anybody who anmwers to i the description of that poor girl op c stairs?' **No; I- ByJove!" "Eh?" What?" SI wonder if it could harve been she f" t " Been who F" "The sewing girl" "Eh? Whatofit?" " About an hour before you came, a t woman with a long black wrap on her shoulders and a thick tell over her face came to the door." "Well?" " The butt r was there and at ribt was not going to ot her in." "Ah! Well!" "I heard her say she had arme sewing t for Hias EtheL Then the butler hale her wait while he went and found his young t mistres." "Did he find her?" I suppose so. He came back presently and told the girl she could go on upstairs. She went as though she knew her way, and then I fcrgct all about her." "Did you see her go away again P" " Yes; that is I thought I did." "When r" " About ten minutes before you ceno." I SLooked like the same one, eh I" "Yes" " Now, what were you telling me about Ethel, and what do you m'an by all that talk abcut her Intended flight, eh F' "Do you remember the ring Istole from Navarro r" "Cnnfound the singl I--" "She has it." "What I" "She has it, or onelike it. I saw her with it in her hard to-day, and she had been crying." "Well t"-impatiently. "To-night, in the early part of the : evening, she was close in the library with Doctor Jerome. The sight of the ring had made me suspicious, so I got where I could hear what asa said" -Between her and Jerome!" " Tes." "Well " "I didn't hear the first part of their con varsation, but the first words I did hear, made me open my ears wide." "What were they P' "I heard Jerome say. 'EtheeL there is no use in mincing words. You killed Brayton Russell! It was Jour hand that struck him down, and I know it! "'No,no, no!' she cried, and then he went close to her and half whispered "'Nobody knows or suepects it save our selvas; nobody ever shall, i! you listen to me.'" "And then-" " She only moaned and rocked to and fro in theseat where she sat If she was not guilty, she took a mighty strange way of showing her innocence." "Humph i Goon." "When she did not answer he went yet nerrrr to her. "'L'sten,' he said. ' When you know how mucnah I know about that night, you will be convinced that there is no safety 'or you except through me!' "'G! hleave me! she said. "'Not yet, Ethel,' he replied. 'Bear me out.' Again she was silent and he con tinned "' It was your stiletto which killed him. You went to his spartments that evening -you saw and talked wish him; nobody saw him afterward, alive. You have now in your possession, the very ring that he wore so long upon his wat'ctchain, and I have letters in my possessicn, letters which prove that you were his-' "He got no further, for she leaped to her feet and turned uptn him like a tigress. "'Stop ' she cried. "lHe did step, for eyes were blazing anger and she held a pi;tdl in ter hand, and it was pointirg straight at him. '" Coward:' she said, ' if you dare to finish that rentence it will not be one murder, Lu> two, for which I will stand secsed! "*He lu .d uneasily. " Then suidenly he rc:ea'd to forget his own danger, for he gave a sudden leap forward and tore the pisol from her grasp "'By Heaven!' he cried, 'you shall hear me! you shall!' "**Well P' she raid. "I will uso no more argements; I will make no more cflera. Ten shali hare until to-morrow evening to decide. I went you for my wife; you shall be mice: You hall!' " She was ca'm then. " 'And if I refuse i' she asked. Y Tcu dare not refuse!' "' But if I do?" "He seemed to beccme enraged by her coolness. He jumped forward and seized her wrist "*'If you dare t? refuse and to defy me longer,' he cried, 'I will denounce you for what you are-S murdereas.' "Then as if afraid to trrat himself further, he turned and left the room." " What did you do? ' asked Nick. "Iremained where I was, watching her after he had gone." " What did she do '" "Nothing. She etood t'-ero for several minutes, sa though she had turned to stone. Then she heaved a cigh that almost brought tears to my eyes, and slowly left the apartment" "Ah!" " Bot that is not all." "*Notall! Whatmore?" "I was about to leave my hiding-pasee and follow her, when the curtains at the windows moved and Eunice Gray the elder sister, staggered out from behind them. S She was as white as a ghost, and she tr'embled like with an ague. 'At first I thought she was going to faint, but presently she recovered and droppei into a chair. "She did not utser a round, but abe buried he, face in her hands and remained absolutely woUotlese for siz or eight plautis "I did not dare to move, for fear (f I betraying my presence, so I waited until abe Eunice rose and passed out of the room. mrc Then I followed., hit " Where did she go to ?" "To her own room." of " Where is that ?"' "Directly opposite Ethel's." "Well, what then?' " I heard her lock the door, and then I he went back down stairs. 1 peeped into the ball-room and saw Ethel dancing with 'K Paul Cobd'n. and laughing and talking as be though nothing had happened." " Hunmpbh!' ye "Then I began to watch for ycu for I toI did not know what to d'." "Well?' m "Nothing happoned then, until the al sewing woman camr. I remained in the w, hall for the triple purpose of keeping an eye on Ethel's movements, on Eunice, and waiting for you." as "Go on. What next?" rc "The sewing girl had barely had tVie it to reach Etbel's room and to close the el door behind her, when Ennica came down." w Ah !" A "She went directly to the ball-room and g in a mcment reappeared, followed by Ethel. Then they went to the library N together. rc " Again the library, eh ?" d " Yes " " Well ?" t "I followed them, determined to hear a what was raid, if I could, and also to keep a a watch on the door for you." t "Well ?" II "There wasn't mush to hear, and yet there was a good deal. Neither of the n ' girls sat down,"' t i "Ah!' " As soon us they entered the library, 7 Eunice wheeled round and said "'Ethel, by an accident, I overheard everything that was said between you and a Doctor J.rome in this roc m, to-night. 1 0 also will give you until to- morrow evening k befere I denounce you; but. T say, your u only safety lies in flight Never let me I d see your face again-never I" Then she turned and started toward the g do r. 5 - CIIAPTER XXXVI. a THE ACCtSATIOY. " What did Ethel do ?"' asked Nick. d " She leap-d toward her sister with a a load cry, but Eunice stopped and waved a her away. I "'Do not touch me l' she cried, "Your a 0 hands are red with blood ! with the blood p of your- What weas be to you!'" ' And then ?'" asked Nick. "'Eunice,' said E.hel.'you wrong ne more than yec know. You are unjust, hard, cru'l.unrelut nv. I- ' "' Step I' interrupted Eunice,' I will not h hear you.' "'Ennice, I sill upon God to witnes a that I am innosent I! r "' Ton call upon G:! 1 You I' cried a Eunice. D, you dare do easch a thing?' h "' Te. Idarel Idol But you shall b have your way, my sister. After to-night, a yen shall never see my face again-never, h unless in deati ! ' "l pray Heaven that I nevrer may," was g the r'ply. r "Then Eunice left the room, and I re g turned to my piat by the front door." t ' And Ethei ?' SShe came cut of the library a few 7 minute: later and went to her room. I '. have not s-en her silc'." d " Was it after that when the sowing girl a cam" down and went out 1" "Yes." "How long P" "Not very lorg; perhaps it was twenty 0 minutes." SThere ara other stairse but those in the hoes' ?" it " YSs t the rerrants' stairs." It " Where is Ethel s maid to-night I "S e was dismissed ttis afternoon." a "By whcm?' "By EtheL" t "Do yen know why ?' t " 'noampetency. I think." " What time did she leave P" S " About five." d "Now, Caick." tYe,." " Bemain here and he ready for whatever t ie may happen. I must go to Mr Gray and t :h say or do sa'nething which will lead to tee r 4 discovery of that body upstairs." Id " Do you think it is the sewing girl '" " I think it is somebody who personated a sewing girl-yeas." "But who killed her? D:d Ethel ?' " S m'body killed her, that is certain." C. "Ab ! and Ethel went out in her cloak r, ard veil." "" Pr. cieely." " Nick, it does not seem possible t-at a so girl like Ethel Gray could be soch a in fierd." I :k "No; it does not," ' And yet." se "And yet t'e woman is dead, end Ethel has f1d. Come!'' r- Nick returned to the bhll-room. to There were but for of the pleasure seekers left. Most of thcm had called I their cnrrisges and gone. sd Tee ball-room was almost deserted. as Navarro was there yet, however, and he iy looked at Nick with a curious smile on his f.c' as the latter drew n'ar. "We tave miored you, Mr Carter." he ct said, genially. "Where have you been r" " Oh., warderirg around. Where is Mr ,w I Gray? I want to see him?" on 'Ise wma here a n-ment ago, asking fir I ty his deughter Ethel. I think he has gone to her room to find her." Nick started. ar Then he looked keenly at Naverro. " Miss Gray." he said to Errico, "will n- you help me find your father P I am very anxious to see him before I go." m. He looked meani-gly at her as he spoke, og and she, rememboring their previous con fv versatixn, rose at once. "w ( Certainly," she esid. he "M11ay I not cone also F" a1ked Navarro. II He seemed determined to remain near ch them, and so the three crossed the room tog' ther and passing throngh the consem to vatory, entered the front hall- way. a Nisk was about to ask the servant at the door if he kn w where Mr Gray cou'd be found, when they were all startled by a ng loud and torrible cry. id, It was the vcics of Mr Gray thot they heard, and Nisk knew only too well what to had cccaeioned the cutcry. ine He sprang for the stairs aid Etarted up nd ths'm closely, followed by Nevarro. Enuic', terrified by the sound of her fath r'e voice, staggered forwardead seized bia the banlutre'e for supp r'. 'ep Nick was the first to r ach the lauding oer on the second flocr, but Navarro was close behind him. ear Riohard Gray wae half-way botween them and the door of Ethel's room, and he was hastening toward them, his face dir rill torted by terror, and his whole aspect that Itil 'f a man who has momentarily lost his ron r a5ar. Ton "Murder ! murder I" he cried, huskily, the words refusing to he perfectly srtccu lat-d. Then he turned and pointed toward the door of Ethels room, which now stood wide open. her Navarro bounded past Nick and reached red the door first The guests down stairs, who had heard me the loud cry of their host, cams inPhing for up the stars, srnesing rather than know lag that some frightful thing had taken self place. When Nick reached the door, there was a crowd of people behind him. her Then, when they saw the awmu! sight thas awaited them, cries of horror and of terror risO on every ride. irl The first thought of all was that some ne. thing had happened to Ethel. oat Thet was instantty dispelled, however, left 5or the face of the dead girl bore no re semblance to the daughter of Iiichard Gray. The detective was immediately behind Navarro when he dashed isto the room, ace and he saw the Spaniard give one quick the glance at the face of the dea irl and ther the reel as though he hal been strock b) a ind bullet. Gray, distracted almost by the sight he she had seen, wse behind the others in th' door-way, but as though farcinated by the to awful sight, he crowded his way througb sad aId joined the others, close behind th' silent lady. she " Wh-who- ia-it f" he gasped. "Oh. ted my God! thi.i , awful!" ht "Do t you kUow her ?"demsaded Nick, alrwayu so~l, Richard Gray shook his head. He was about to answer, but Navarro thrust him rudely asida and stepped quickly between him and the detective. " Do1at you know her " he asked, coldly, att of Nick. tat "Yee-you, I'h I"No," said Nick; "I do not knowh her." hip "s r N:cholas Cattlr, mine-owner from fwt 'saril, you lie 1' said Navarro, as coolly as to before. ·~ bean " ts careful, Navarro I You forget n yourself I You forget where you are," re turned Nick. " D. If You are mistaken. I re- bo member perfectly well where I am, and 1 it also remember perfectly well where you th were not half an hour ago." ali Nick started, and the Spaniard saw it. to " You were here," he continued in that t same cold tone. " You were here in this th room not half an hour ago. I saw youenter lo it; I saw you close the door behind you, an and I saw you when ycu came out and pc went to the library with y nr companion. de Answer me. Do you know who this dead p I girl was ?" P That esmame wicked smile gleamed on tb t Navarro'a face as he spoke, and Nick is realised that he had been spied upon in- et deed. He saw that the Spaniard had him in aI trap and that he was in imminent danger it r of having his identity made known then p ard there; in fact, ens might almost think that the special envoy already suspected It t " Is it your wish to insult me P" he de e mended of the Spaniard, dodging the ques tionhe he ad been asked. "Yes; if speaking the truth wounds a 7yo: yes, it is." a " Tuen I will not answer you." d Navarro laughed aloud, and His mirth d scaunded almost like a curseaa in that room I of death. g But Richard Gray strode forward at that I r moment. Is had hoard enough to excite t e his curiosity. " Who is or who weR this poor little ae girl t" he demanded of Nick. " I do not know, a r." Again Navarro interpoased. " He lies I1" he said, coldly. " He does know.' Then, as if suddenly dseiding upon a desperate move, he thrust himself forward s a again and exclaimed-. d 'He does know who she is. HIe brought s her here. I saw him do it, and it was he t ir who choked her to death! Arrest him!' d - CEIiPTElI XXXVIl. Ir-T TaEr tRoILALSee MIZ OWsgR. 1 e The command of Navarro--" Arrest c him ' -was directed at rand en, to the t hcrror-stricken guests asenmbled on the % threshold. It was the rant of a man labor Sing under cxtraordinary excitemint. Easy enorgh was it for the Spaniard to shout, d Arrest him I"' hut neose of those who heard was an officer and all were too dared Sto think of taking the law into their own hands, Nick realised the impending danger to his cise. If ha stood there bandyng words I with tie wily envoy from Spain, the police s would soon have him in oustody. That t would mean as invest'gution, and compal the complete exposure of his hand in order to get himself out of their clutches. And I v it -as the eincerest desire of Nick's heart I to keerp his miession-eye, his very rresence in Washington-unknown to the police I 1 authorities of that cit1. The time had passed to try to escape t Navarro's trap by bantering words. He must so'. and act boldly. Nick saw his y orportunity and see pted it in an instant. t When Navarro cried, " Arrest h:m ' t he half turned to the guests at his back, as it Icoking among thin for an officr. In doing so he presented the left side cf his face to the detective. So 'roely had the words left his lips when Nick's right arm shos out straight from toe shoulder, and his large fliat struck Navarro just below I the ear with almost the force of an satcint battering- ram. The;paoniard Fra hurried against Mr Gray, and then his body sink to the flor limpand apparently hiflsea. Nick knew it I would take two or three rcmutes to restore s the man to sersibility, and in those two or c d three mirnatea it behoved him to get beyond c reach. e Hre'il, puling ona of his corda from F bis p cket, he fl tng it into the face of hisr d unconscious foe, and, resuming the air of a highly indignant persecon, he exclaimed " That is the way we resent as insult in r, Iral. I leavn my card, so that, if he k wants further satisfaction. he will know that I can be 'ound. Mr Gray, I homb:y ep)'ogias for my conduct in your house, Sand beg,atthe ramal lme,tobepermittedto I Sd-part. I will see you again at the earliest t Spossible hour." Bowing to the guests, he parsed rapid y downstairs before any cf them were able to coll ct their scattered senaes. Chi-k had preceded him, and stood 1 ho' dirgNick'shat, cost and snein the hall.1 As the lattar received them he whis ~ pered-C 'To the canioge, Chick I Thejig's p. You go with me." A few moments later Patsy was holding r open the door of Nick's cartisge. " In ycu go, Chlck," said the detective to the pecoda valet. Chick ob'yed with alacrity. " Home?" inquired Patsy. "Not for our lives F' said Nick. "Any place but the Portland." cr "· Where then ? ' 's Stert as if bound for that place. When well beyond prrsnit, change your course and drive towards Mlouut Plessant. Now, ill don't let your horses go to eleep." Nick was inside with the door shut, and ~ the curtains down; Patsy was on the box and had just seis 3d the reins when a m'n's form appeared in the dacrwsy of the Gray n residence. "Stop that cerriage I' he shouted. " M3urd rI Di not let them escape " S A rpliaemln on the block above heard na his wild cries and histened to the scene o! r- excitcmrnt. He was t3o late. he Nick's carriage was already out of sight, be and the noise from its whirling wheels and from the horses' besting hoofs upon the asphalt pavement could no longer he h'erd. Tius passed from Washington society all further knowledge of Nicholas Carter, mine owner; of Patsy. his coachmen; and o rf rJr Orys e new vs et. r t a trace of esther was cEar found .er od except the carriage and two horses, which were discovered during the afternoon of that day hitched to a picket fenos in the suburbs far from the exciting Ecenes ofthe early morning. en The accusation of the Spanish envoy he was very generally believed. The police iF- seOpted i., and laid the unknown woman's mat death to the acccunt of the absconding bis Brzilian and his emissaries. But those who had occasion to asoociat' 7 with Mannel ' avarro noticed that for days afterward he exhibited undue nsaes'nes'. and for the time being had lost much of he that imperturbable manner for which he had been admired. On the leanaylvania train which rolled icd into Jersey City frum toe South that same evening was an elderly-looking man, rd desered like a well-to-do farmer. Sitting ng at his aids in the Emoking-car was a rather inw awkward, green-looking young man of :en rustic appearance who might have been the fatmor's eon. Such an impression at ras least was left upon the minds of other passengers ,ht In the rear ct the coach, strotched as of nearly at full length on the seat as possile, lay a still younger mmn, dressed in ne. the rough clothes of a lsborer. His ha: was pulled down over his eyee, his pipe s, was held upeide down in his hand, and he se aremed to be making up ftr a great deal ird of lost sleep. 0! course the farmer-like loshing pa. isd eneer was Nick, his seat crmianion was u,, Click, and the young laborer asleep in the ic rear of the coach was Patsy. ,e, The trio were returnieg to New York, a a step made osceseary by the unexpected events describ'd in the lnst two chapters. he Nick had not abandoned his case, however. tb Lerfrom it. When the train stopped our thres dir guised frisnds went at once to the ferry stips. Patsy and Nick, to all appearasces -trangers to eaoh other, took the Des )h. brossee-street boat, while Chick crossed over to Cortlsndt street. Half an honr ok, later be was at Polile Head-quartrsr. (To bs (leslinalt,) 