GRETA. During the past week — merely to kill time and astonish the natives— we have been wieldinga pick and shovel among the road gangs out in the vicinity of Hillsborongh, therefore we have not been much en evidence in a few of the later impressions of the Maitland Mercury. However, there has been little of consequence to record from Greta in the interval, so we shall now go on to speak of the work the road gangs are doing, and how they are getting on with it out along the foothills. The men have now all got down to harness nicely — eighty of them, and in ten separate gangs, with, a mile or perhaps more between each squad of eight men. They extend from the Lnskintyre Bridge westward to Dalwood Bridge, and from thence northward past the beautiful and picturesque residence of Mr. McConnell round to a point near Lamb's Valley ; not over a mile distant from the . new Hillsborough bridge. It will thus be seen that the roadmakers are scattered at intervals over quite fifteen miles of roads, and each of the squads is visited daily, and its work inspected by Mr. Rossbach, or Mb deputy (Mr. Charles Braithwaite). I have the authority of the last named official for stating chat the miners are going about this road work in an intelligent and satisfactory manner — in most of the Bquads— and that he has little or no tronble with them in the matter of directing them how to proceed. This experience is contrary to what Mr. Btaithwaite expected or was led to expect from men unacquainted with such work, and the result is that the gentleman is well satisfied with his novices —and they with him. We have also the proof of our own eyes and ears (not to mention a very tired pair of shoulders) for saying that the miners are doing well at the work. They are employed, ' by task' of course, at the valuation of Mr. RosBbach, and it goes with out saying that the Resident Engineer did not set the pricas any higher than he could possibly avoid. It would be unreasonable to suppose he did. Never theless, ' Coal Jock'' on piece-work is ever certain to strive for a good pay, and he is doing it on the roads now jusc a3 eagerly as if he were in the heart of a coal mine, hid away from the glare and heat of the summer sun. In fact, most of the squads are working terribly hard, and are actually making ^./^n^ mnnaa nnf Ap f.hAll' TflliR. find WG trUfit this anxiety of theirs to earn big money may not mili tate against them, should the Government desire to employ them on other road works. We mean by this that it is not uncommon in contract work to reduce the rates where good wages have been earned when other works are being let. Natnrally, the work is most exhaustive and trying on the men, most of whom have been brought up in the coal mines, shielded alike from the sun and the weather. Therefore, tired shoul ders, weak spinal columns, and a general 'all gone sensation' indicates their condition at the close of each day. They start work at 7 a.m., and knock off at 5 p.m., taking an hour at noon for dinner, and all are agreeing well among themselves and yielding a willing obedience to their several gangers. On the whole the venture promises to be a decided success in every way, and may form the basis of a system that may, in the end, do away with tho ' blood- Bucking Government contractor, and save vast sums of money to the State. And it i does strike one that the conn try needs no each in- I terinediary between, the State and the workman, as fcho Government, ati'd not the contractor, should be { tae receiver of profits accruing from such 1 works. It ib a sin and & scandal to our - advanced intelligence that any one mam — as in the i making of the Sydney to Newcastle railway— should pocket over half a million of money out of the sweat i and toil of the workers, he himself not soiling his fingers. We hope the days of such stupidity — or corrupt political villany — are over ! Well, this is all at present. We had meant to write about the lovely hills and sheltered (from all but the sun) valleys that surround our camp at Hillsborough, the teeming Btratha, and verdant meadows, Bnug farmB, and nice people out there ; but space forbids, and these must wait till next week. We have a stand ing invitation too to visit the Hudson Bros' creamery about a mile from our camp, so shall, go out there during the week and see that ' separator' doing its 5400 revolutions par minute. The genial old caretaker, Mr. Rae, of Leconfield, tells us it can do that and 200 more if required, so we mean to go out there and get it on the iob. Mr. Rae. we mav add, is a countryman of our own, a North Briton as a matter of fact, so the lightning-like velocity of that ' separator' need not be questioned. Fire. — At a quarter to nine on Saturday night a destructive fire was discovered to have broken out in a six-roomed cottage off Wyndham-street, and hurrying there we found the place totally enveloped in flames and beyond all hopes of salvage. The cottage was the property of Mr. John Champion, of Tattersall's, and has been untenanted some six weeks, and the cause of the fire appears to be shrouded in mystery. The splendid little place was soon a heap of ashes, not even the back premises escaping, and the residence of Mr. Brennan, which is adjacent, had also a close call. We learn that the cottage was insured with the Mercantile Company for ^6200. An enquiry will donbtleBs take place. School of Arts. — The Secretary of this institu tion, Mr. F. Speight, informs us that the commit tee have just added 63 new volumes to the library, which was already fairly well stocked. The new consignment consists of light reading principally, and should cause a fresh attraction to the Institute. There is no question this institute has awoke to fresh life under the care of the present secretary and committee. The Colliery. — We notine from the Mtrcurv Newcastle correspondent that this colliery is credited with having worked 7 days during the past fortnight. This iB incorrect. The pit worked only 5 days drawing coal, and there are no waggon? to go on with for at least the fir3t two days of the week. We are told that most of the old free labourers have now left, or have been discharged from the colliery, and that only 40 of them are now working at coal-getting. Another Fire. — On Saturday afternoon, a large post and canvas structme, situated in the com pany's paddock, and nsed as a refuge for a few of the employes, was destroyed by fire. We have not heard how this originated, nor if the men lost any of their things. Policb Court. — At this conrt on Saturday, T. Jones, J.P., on the Bench, James White, a tramp labourer, was fined 10s, or go to prison 14 days, for indecent exposure. On a second charge of using indecent language, James was called on to contri bute another 5s, or go np for three days, so not having the caab he decided to go np. Ghosts. — Mr. Paul Ferris, the wonderful spook exposure man, appeared at North's Hall, Greta, on Friday evening, but not over 30 persons attended the entertainment. GhoBts are all very well in a way, but they are not substantial, and just now we want substantial things. Greta, March 31st, 1895. 