CUe CURIOS, (FROM OWE OWN CORRESPONDENT). All Cue on its ear again. This time it was the Quarter jSesBions. Doors op ned at 9.45 a.m., performance commenced at 10 sharp, the Miners' Institute being the scene of the trouble. -Mem.—Are we going to have any rent paid us for the use of our Hall ? At the back of the room sat the awful majesty of the *' LOE, t ' its heads not quite level with the dado that runB round the: room, and a wooden, cxpressionsof absolute impartiality on its face, mobile only when an irreverent fly settled on its nose and ruffled Its placid features like a stone thrown into a dirty puddle. Seeing that the legal talent sported a gaudy bag-wig on its cocoanut, the judges should at least hkve worn a crown. A china jcrown with a handle to it would havetoffl^ni^-'''' Overhead on the wail floated a flag repie- ; seating a ted lion upside down, on a yellow background—no doubt a quarantine flag designed for the Cue Hospital. The artist who painted it must have been drunk when he did It. Bed lions upside down are not the only strange animals to be seen In Cue. Since the publicans started to give us draught Fremantle whisky, golden antelopes and a pink rhinoceros were seen last week by a wellknown Cueite till the Bog Act was applied* To resume.—A piano and harmonium flanked one side of the judgment seat, presumably to discourse "ghost music" when the prisoners were condemned to chokey. The Clerk of the Court dipped his hand in the lucky-bag and drew out the prises for the Jury. Many were called but few were chosen. The twelve good men and true—save the mark 1—all kissed the book in the same spot; There is only one spot to klBS a girl, but the barbaric custom of mugging a book, and all on one page, is a trifle out of dale. Judging from the way they handled it it was the first time some of them had seen the book. A faint aroma of alcohol was perceptible after they all got through with the volume, and a subsequent examination of the book showed the text all lips had smacked to be that Iu St. Paul's Pistol to the Fenians, " Swear not at all." There was one working miner on the first jury. Who says the miners are not recognised P He got Vs. per lay for attending Court* and had to pay a substitute ISs 4d pcr day to take his place on his claim. The professional man who sits in bis office all day and whistles for clients gets £i Is for the same work. Such is the eq uality of man. An African gentleman of color narrowly escaped being elected foreman of the jury. An apparition in a black gown and flycatcher wig that resembled one of Mis. Mellon spiritualistic spooks, proved to be the Crown Prcsecutor. Why Is he called the " crown" prosecutor, when you have to drop 6s 8d in the slot to 6ee the figure work ? The Sergeant looked neat but not gaudy. His employers had bought him a new livery with big buttons and silver stripes— just a little tight, perhaps, under the armpits and round the atom—chest, I mean. Design for tableaux vivong:—The lawyer badgering the drunk, and the drunk defying the lawyer, like Ajax defying the lightning. The creaking, boots of two policemen parading the floor once or twice drowned the voice of law and logic pleading for its fee: Can't they be instructed to wear their socks outside their boots^ or go barefooted f Lawyer to witness—" What are youf* Witness to lawyer—" A 1 Nandyman." During one soporific addreBS from tlie talent, a juryman thought he was incbnrch, and acted accordinV He went to sleep. Judging from the serene smile op what people by courtesy call Ms face, lie heard in his dreams counsel finish his eloquent speech by propOBing the hwikh of His Worship/'Washnp" in n^ly was just calling on tlie prisoner for a sun?, " Botany Hay," rfor i«hfii- fe, when he Mil. lokved a fly and amoke with a 8*'»i( } ard aiscoveml " where 'e are." 