EASTERN HORRORS STAMBOUL IN BLOOD. A WEEK'S ATROCITIES. GHASTLY DETAILS. Tbo Rngllsh pajiers delivered lu Mel- buurue yesterday are full of Qccouutu of the week of horror lu Stnmboul ut the l)ej;lmiluff.-,of last mouth. Tho eahle meH»aKo» liut faintly convey the Idea of tho -atrocities porpetnitod. and j we now HUHplemeut the cjiwlhi uc- viiuuin ii.v ,1 ivw nunini ium- ulur«. Ohlelly we extnict from the ' Dally News" which thus focuses itlie events of the week .The summary of the wook'it trouble Is that the'AmienlatH wlshetl to make a demonstration which should hasten 1 a 'solution In favor of their co-religion- Ists; that the Porte determined that It Hhould not take place, while nnwlw lenders of the Armenians had made uj» dhcir minds that it should, even though force iH'ciiine necessary. This was llielr urejit mistake, because once there fwns a question of force they had not a chance of success; but being men dri ven to despair. they went through wltli JUtelr proKTsunme. Tlien Mixslem fuua- liclsui, ariiHHl and lu authority, was let loooe. mid every Arrneiiitiii who was Hiined ln»cume a victim, together with Iiundreds who were unarmed. Tltere had been no rising, no insur rection, or rebellion: but opportunity irns been takeu of the employment of Violence at the presentation of a tuanl- fento by persons In tlespalr to let loose upon these po<ir wretches the vlolenotr of the Mohammcdnu portion of thecom- jiuiuity, and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal. Many of the jiivu wis) have liecn killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses B hey or their relations have incurred, anil who were reckless of eonsequouecH u verity oeiievo .that there are doens Lf tnon who have goue about the busi ness in sheer desjK»rution. alwolutely lutreleos whether they would be killed or not. One such nmu was In the em- |»loy of an KugJish merchant, lie. too, fwua remonstrated with, and orxlcml mot to go on peuulty of t>elng tllstuiss- od. lie went, ami after throe days' prison. In which he states that lie was (beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruises. !A HUSON'KR'S JlOItKIHLn TALK. The following experience relates to a person well known and roHjH.oted bv many American missionaries in the capital, and Is related to me bv that |s«raou himself. An ofilct-bisirer in an Armenian Protectant Clnirch at Guedik Pacha lu Stamboul, where one if the inoiit serious attacks was made, wnN engaged lu superintending the Imlidlng of a church at. (Juodlk Paclm oh that day. About in the morn ing. seeing many M<islems about, and JieliovJng that his life was In danger, be went to the chief jxdlce prls<ui lu Stamlk>ul to ask for protection. lie was arrested, but a Moslem who knew hlra vouched for his clmri/-ter, and he .wan released, ami obtaiueil some po. lice to acvompany him. The iwiico, bowever, did nothing. The mob of Sottas, gypsies, and others |hud in- proosed, anil be therefore returned to lic police prison uguin. Tliere he was rc-arrcsbvl and detiineil in prison. iWhlle there he wltnc>ssi.Ml the urrivul of the Vrnu-uhin prisoners, who were furlouRly lieutcn and prodded with Irayonots, the tioor Iwlng coveretl with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was knowu protected him from being lieaten. He declares that he ami others saw four soldiers beat an Armenian porter to death, ami at me wards thrw» ot Ikt j Persons. As the i)risonerew«re brought in tl»ey were sent into nn Inucr eourt, brntallv bikiten, aud kicked down u tilght of steps Into a dark cellar. He himself was seut Into this etflur, and found thorn a mnn witli his anus ami legs bmken. Altogether there were a hun dred prisoners there. Duriug two hours Hie outlet was closed, and while those within feanHl death from suffo- i-atlou, they hwu'd the awful cries from ftlstve of men being In-uten. Mv Infornmnt was released from the ««(- lar after sunset 011 Monday. Klghty- elght jmrsous s|hnt the night in a i(K)ii) about, ilfteen feet stiuure. Four others of the congregation of the same Protestaut Church were similarly ur- restwl, but ou Wediuwday morning they and a gr<»:it. num!>or of other pri soners were nllowed to go free. KILLED LIKE A HOC. Incidents like the following eouhl l>e given to a. sickening extent, hut this ouo must serve as n sample: —.On Tuesday the nollco im<t Ohedfk Pacha, Stami>oul, au Arme- uhin from the provinces, ft stnuig jjowerful man. The prisom-r tvas es- trotted by two iwlicennrn and two sol diers of the regular army. Two Sottas followed the escort. When thev reached au Isohued place lu the quar ter, one of the two Sottas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck ,n Injury blow ou the h«ul or the poor Armenian, who, aftiT suiggering for a moment, fell covered with blood. The IK>llcernen and the sohllem iK'guu to kick him in order to make him get up. iWhen tbo map got up he struck in wild diwperatlou with his list at one of the soldiers, who fell, ami he also kicked the other. He was or. ouee overwhelrawl by the number. of iiis as- saflnnts, and killed on the spot like a dog. 'AT THE HOSPITAL. Not. far from the hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, und at the door we met one just emptied coining uway. Inside, near the chapel, were eight mutilated bodies that had Just come. I was disguised, to »vo!d (the suspicions . of the (iOvemment of ficials, and first visited the hospital proper. In one of the Imds was a woman who had l>een Ktablssl In the left lung. She also had a cut under the knee, nud another ugly cut In the .wrist showed she. lmd tried to defend herself. Her wound lu the breast Is mortal. - She said, that about midnight of 1st October they Intel heard tho mob comlug outside,. She. her husbaml, aud father, together , with 11 family of co- tenants cotifilsUng of- a man, his wife, non, and daughter, lmd tried to. hide themselves with some hales of cotton. .The Turks ciune upstairs with torches, crying. "Are there any: men .here.V JWhen tliey . diseovereil the' women screening the men, they dragged them nil out. Hbc and the other woman were v wounded. . The- men were killed, but the girl escaped. Towards morning they wore sent by the police to the hospital. ( The story of the oilier .woman is ao horrible 'that I can give onlv the out lines. Blie was. with eblld ut the time, nhd after a severe blow .011 the bind, she received n large cut In the abdo men, resulting In premature birth. She was stllLallve wlien she reached the hospital, but died soon after. There were deep cuts lu her ann um! on her hand, which she bud said she received In defending her husband. Auother woman had been sent by the Govern ment this morning. She was literal- \- 1y black und blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw nil the afternoon. She said that. In order to hide, she had clltubcd with her hus band l&to; a tree, but they had been discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken to prison, and her child lost. From the prison she lmd been sent to the hospital. Their house woh situated In ft Moslem nelghlmrhood. THE DEAD. Leaving the Hospital proper, I ac companied tl»e doctors In their official examinations of thirty-four of the bo dies. So awful 1m Hie impreoalon slumped on my memory that Ir fear a description in my own language of what I saw wotrid.be too horrible to prliit, and I will translato tho official descriptions of several bodies that were examined In my praeoce by an Italian physician: ."48rd body, male, stature tell, ego M.yewBj-tera-etobs to'tiKHteafi; sno rleop cut disjointing the neck, two deep ' woundH on the right arm, throe on the left arm. (wo on the left hand, eontvi- Hloua on all the dunml region and the nhoulders, twouty-fonr wounds In the back, oucomho left side, with fracture of rib. "44th body, male, stature metllum. age R5 years; contusions on nil jwirts of the cranium, live stabs In the iKtek, cere bral hemorrhage. " 45th body, male, stature medium, age f>2 years: two deep wounds in the cranium, deep cut. utuh'r the left max illary, multiple contusions on tho head, eight wouudtt of the thiol tlegree In the right arm, three in the left arm, ten sml>s In the breast, live in the back, many bruises from n club on the left shoulder. "Itlth'bod.v, male, stature tall, age 22 years: multiple contiisions on the lu-ad, four stabs in the 1>nek. one very doei>. cuts on (tie hack ami legs. " 47th Iwxly, male, stature medium, age 4." years: Innumerable wotttuls with au axe ou the head, complete crushing of the skull, one wound in the right forearm, two statu in the right side, another on Hie shoulder, aud one in the lower tack. "48th body, male, stature medium, age .'15 years: six stabs in the cranium, with complete fracture, two very deep wounds in the back, contuslous all over the liody. " 4hth iKsly, male, stature medium, age R5 years; Inuumerahle wounds alt over the bead, the right ear cut off, with fracture of the occipital 1>oue. one bul let hole lu the left shoulder, with frac ture of bone, two stabs on the right shoulder, one In the loft arm. a cut In the left wrist, sixteen stabs in the back, three In the left log. " 50th body, male, stature medium, age Ji2 years: fracture of cranium by stubs, contusions on the left arm. flf- teeu stabs lu tin Imek. three bullet boles in the neck, multiple contusions over all the face, a cut on the nose and one on tho Hjh. ten stubs in the chest, and two in the abdomen." And so the list goes through with the description of eighty Innlles. It Is Hon was not scientific or minute, hut was made only as an excus»» to note and keep a record M the condition of the imxhcs. There were two Govern ment olfieials ou hand who hampered examination and questioning. .Most of the stabs in the head seemed to have b«vn made with knives or swords after the liody was down. I cannot imagiue how such deep and true wounds could have been made while the iwrsDii was alive ntul standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to have >eon struck with axes. (If these, one was out lu lite neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two "others wetv hacked a countless number of times In the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the luck and chest, the examiners said, and it seemed to jne, must have Itecn made with bayonets, and after the body was down. The few bullet holes that wen pointed ! out were so well placed that they must have is-eu fired point blank. It was Impossible to state to what class of society the dead talonged. All W(>re -mjdi's. Only where the clothes were very poor were the outer garments left on, and many tadles wen? only wrap- IhmI in winding-sheets. I'\»ur or five I noticed wearing whit!? shirts, and one cult wtm found with a luundry-umrk, (fi: <4nly »two 'eouhl lx> eonehisively identitierl as ImnmJs or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled front blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 55, with titc vast raujorlty lu the thirties. 