" JTEMS OP NEWS. When tlio Le'gislativri Co'uribir.'meets to-day, thesucond rending of. the Electric ; Light and Power Bill will he jnbved. 7 The measures np- uiiariug on the oidors of the 'day are as follow : — Width of Tiros. Bllt and.- Trusts Bill, oohsidora- tion; of reports Fi-ioiidly Societies Actuary's Bill and Public Bank Holidays Bill/to be further considered' in committee,; .In the Legislative Assembly the Minister .of Railways will ino.vo thafc thb ouestion of constructing a, railway from GUMirowhn;;" via Greta, to 'Hedi; ;to nerve tho yalloy of the King Rivbr;' 'should bo referred to the Railways Standing Conimittoo for considera tion and report. V,TH6 House .tvill , go into Com- mittee.. to. .fuHher' coiisider' the . .'revision _pf the tariff, resumipgwiUi tliu postponed liSin " Car riages nud odnvb/ancba;!.''- ;,.: ...Tlio anhpuueemunt ia raado in anothor column of thu dates, «&b.;, for the annual municipal elec tion ,iu the, Borough . of '.Oiistlbmiilno. TlVe ro- tiring.Counoillors ire Messrs it'olieU, .Diiustan, ansT|toinipn,'.aiid the. latter has signified; that he will not seek re- eleotiou.' 'No intimation lias yet beon puhliciyihatle .liy -the other retiring niriOibors of the Counojl: _ Naiqin.ati,qns must ho lodged tit tlio Towii Hull not itjo.r (liaptho,12th inst,,;and should 'there fie .nidrs'i|jan(,'thtoo' 'can- didiltiis (of. which !tti6ft'fi6$j$: tt!' bpev'Ay1 proba bility), an election will be hhifi'dn THursdsy', ,22nd i'n'sty,.'..;;,, ; , . 7 / 7. ' - .:-;7v'v provable candidates montioiied lll . yesterday's issue for tlio yaoancios in the lloeil -Borough Council, is that of Mr TKomas -Martin,; the well-known blacksmith, .QfBarkeristreptij.-'Be.is/an old resi dent aud i: property (Owne'rj. and should ..receive good support'at the poll. L ' ' , The Railway 'Depiirtmbht lm's ' 'accepted tho ton ler of Thompson and Co., Oastlomaine, for the 'manufacture and supply 'of points nnd cross ings. < 7 The anniversary ball and siipperpf the AiN.A. takes pkcein the Mochanics' Institute to-night. The Committee hiive completed the arrange ments for an enjoyable gathering.' , Rackst row's band will : "supply the music;7and the catering is entrusted to Mr F.' Wood w'ard.. . A Mrs Mary -Boldini, aged737, . dibd ' in. the Hospital yesterday. The depeasod; .'whose re latives rcsido at Woodbrook, was ; admitted to the institution on thellth ult. -.. . " ; '7 ' A bffiinquefc is to be giydntrtrdincr's Hotel to-morrow night-by - the Rovers' Cricket Club, . thelinemhors of. which wo'u"tbe: Epibloy Itrdpby competition ambhgst the" ' junior ' 01ulis\ last seiison, j - , 'i t ' .. : A correspondent stateii .fiat'tho' Iobid Borciugh Oouncillore should visit a' portion of the road ?Ktb |M'Keu2ie's; Hill, in'brqpr to befully convitioed of tho necessity that exists for : repairing' ' it;" ' Oh ' SSt'urdAy a"1 Wdodciirter'i horse. fell twice, whilst coming along .the 'rough a'rid sloppy road,,., That largelhear'ted gentl'dma'n— the Hon, VI,1 4'. VTalliic'oi , MlLiC;'— hdh dpniited LlOO 'to iho fuiid b)r |lio relief of the widows atid '.families who have buon boreft of their breadwinners by tho torriblo mining disoater St Eldorado, ' ' ' -A womaji named. Sarah Riphteir reported ' to lS? RoHou yesterday tlilit. a 'ypuhgJman Kpd forcilily entered her lio'use and Stfompted to ST.iSWI'.lty assault ;' her- ' Slie. striigglod aiid screamed, and during the iibsonce of her daiigii- ..W- pt ®M. tbd scoundrel m'ndo off. A fWlfailMd Michael O'Uoglileii litis Beeii tirrPs'ie'd ..wWh assault, with intent.. ' ;V i.A, fatnl iiccicleut under peouliar , circuiusVancos ocpurfed dt tKe.Mornington Bripk Fpotory, near BHlleriyepn Saturday; Tlie drivipg-'telt' pf the ppy.<Hiwtned.m butting firewood flpvr off and became entangled rputi'd the legs pf abpy Noble, aged 12, dashing 'Iti'm with great force against a block of timber.': Death Was instan- , taneous. " ' I . A-mah named Owen wasiadmittad tb theBcn-' .digo Hospital yesterday from Pmid; Hillji suf- forjng from a' severe injury to liis leg, caused by the"hccidcntal discharge of.»'adn';> 7; '-t! j \'-A"liUgo tiro' occurred at .3Vycl|oprnof on;,Sun; day,.fpur shops boing destroyed. Tho diiniage is estimated nt about L5000. | Miss May' Murfield,, daughter of nn old resi dent of Stawoll. coniiiitttod , suicide by ' hanging , lioraelf to a raftor in a fernory at tho>.back of her mother's house yes'torday ;ihortiin'g. 'Deceased is ' said to have been tho victim of a painful internnl j complaint. .. Our Winter's Flat correspondent states that sn- nct of "; vandalism, was; committed during ' Saturday niglit'in tlint s locality.' Several young men.puljod the piiljpgs off the foncos adjacent to the- road, -'-'aiid-? deliberately .smashed ' them. -Amongst the HpfJprenj by this, wantonness ar'o two' aged widows.-' The names of the vandals are Htiited to.bo kiiowiij.aiid. an. cxarpp'e should b'o made of thpni.'- - 1 i , , : Mr.,Straode intimates that at bis midwinter fair 'bu is liUyiilg spuoial clearing lines in inackin- tosllUK. : Our ..Guildford 'j.'pbV.rebpQh(|eiit.' -.wHtoa The deatli of Mrs Juso|ih Manniiigtbii, in the prime of life, has cast a' gloom over the district. From litir , loiig conriectiop ' witli the Ooinin'crcial Hotel, she became widely known ; and having an umialilo disposition, aiid boing ii good friend to tlio sick, and indigent, slio was popular among all olasscs. — Alexander Miller, a very old pioneer, who was found dead, came from Uali- tnruia in tho early days. Yet another old pioneer, and tho last of tlio tribe of "hatters" and fossickers here, has- died in tlio person of James Murphy, who died at Donkey Gully ; liku uiany of the other old minors, lie was a sailor. ; ' The Bomligo Mining Managers' Association lias discussed the advisability of seeking to re duce i lie duty on hard lints used by' miners. It was stated that they were sold in England at Is 8:1. and in Victoria cost 4s Gd, including a. 2s Gd duty. ' It was decided to ask the members of Parliament for the district to seek for ail aboli tion of this duty, and thu Miners' Association will also be invited to co-oporato. ' ..Or Marks is likely to bu tho next Mayor of Beudigo. : Hitherto the grant to technical schools has; boon bused on the atteiidance'aiid the results of examinations. It. is, however, the .intention of the Minister of Public Instruction to make an alteration in this system, and to give l.u each school such a sum as hoVconsidors, it is en titled j to. Tho Education Department will, howover, : still continue to exorcise supervision over, the; schools by poriodical inspections, juid by con-; tinuiiig the examinations,. Tlio grant for 1896 will,- however, be < based, oil tlio earnings of ; the ; schools iii 1895. Some girls who were returning frqni 11 dancb at Alexandra iii the early hours of Saturday were greatly startled to see a ghostly figure clothed in white prowling about the flat. They knocked up a man at a house. close by,' who cdme out with a gun and a largo Newfoundland"' dog,, but .the ghost had by this timo disappeared ovor a hill, , Tho 'Australian Journal' for . this month abounds in : tales, useful extracts, dutu'ctivo stories, fashions, fun, fancy, and poetry, making up a number .that can bo read with interest. The 'Austral Light'; for August,1 opoiis with a lecture by. Cardinal. Moran uii.'.'Thri Re- union of Cliiistoii'dbni." The paper -on , "Travels through old' binds and new" is continued by an Australian on tour. Miix Hirsch .passes under review' " Some . Theories of Laud Tenure," written by the Rev .Sylvester Mnlono, in which he Idissents from tho . divine views of private ownership of land being sustduied by Holy Writ.' . Tho loss.of the island trading schooner Mary Aiidersou, at the .New,Hol)ridos, reported yester day by Captain Grahl, of the steamer Katoomba. Tho Mary Anderson - was ;<inj» trading voyage from Nuuiuea, and went ashore oil a reef in.; tlio 'Malo'Pass; "' " " 'At a special mooting of the Exec'utivo.'Cuiincil in Auckland on Saturdny it was decided that tho death sentence. should be carriod. opt in 'the enso'of.Mm Deaii, who was seiitonced ' to dentil for child murder. ; The revoiiue received last month amounted to LG38,824, or L17,G08 mora than was collected in the corresponding month of ' last year.1 In ad dition to too: sum , mentioned as having bacn re ceived last month, L6473 was paid in conneotion with the income tax. The Customs receipts came to L147.997. ora'n increase of over.El4.900 compared ' with; toei revenue colloctod hy tliis dopattmenb:inJuly,:l894. Exoispdutieannd inland revenue produced L62,Ctt2j as against L55;198 iu July,-1894, the increase being ac counted for By tlio receipts from tlm inoomo tax. The territorial revenuo came to L29,791', being an incronse of -L1500, hut the railway incomo only, amounted;' to 'L174,432, or a deorbiiso of L9,41G oomparbd .with . the takings in tlie ii rst mouth of 1894-5. . Tenders are. about to he invited for tho.futhro suppliosof Victorian coal to the Riilway Dopart- ment,''.TO6jpfi'nmionere;'are'in>hopita'thAt'toe increasing competition among tlio' local coin- panics will lio tlio moans of tlieir obtaining' the coal at a cheapor riito- than formerly, ' and 'tout the loss of revenuo outailod in tho conuossion in freights which bus' boon made will' thereby lie cohippnsatod. . i Water has booii struck .in tho.Bondigo and Coblgiii'die mine at a depth of 175ft.', the flow being equal to 6500 gallons daily. Crushing will be resumed at oncq. Over tivonty munibipalitibs have coinmuni'. catod with ;tho( Bpndigo.City Couueil, prpinising co-'bporatinn in oppbiSiiig tlio passing 'of tlie . iiiu by which it is proposod to give inoreased powers to tlio Boiuligo Gas.Company, ..... . .. The, intiiniitipn'frq'ni. tlie Postal Department that Id, postage, wrappers are to lie issued for newspapers; ;seiit abroad .hiis _ led to ii miscon ception on the, part ' of 'soinb, people " thith tho wrappers, may bo used iio, matter . what the weight of a newspaper is. It should be under stood tlint the ordinary rates for nowspapers aro to lie maintained. Tho Id. wrapper will only sullice for iioiyspapers: weighing not more than 4oz.', ahd for every additional 2bz. weight an extra id. stamp 'will haVb to 'bb affixed;' ' " ; ' TliolR. M.S. Orient, with the incoming English mail, .lias; arrived at 'Albany, uiid rt'sumed hor voyage bastward at 1 p.m. on Sul urdiiy. Slio should th'oreforb roaah .Adelaide to-day in time for lior onsfcrn mails to catch, tho oxpruas for Melbourne, arriving there on Wednesday morn ing. . .. .. Information received from New Hobridos an nounces the murder of ii Hottlor named Pfeiffer by the natives; . witlv 'whom he had quarrelled; They knocked him down with waddieS, and then one out Off bis head with ii k'nifo. Captain Heudei'sqii, ' 'master of 'the barque Excbisibr, ffomi New Zealand, reports encouii-. teriiig 7 frightful ypatlier', during, the passage, the voyage l.astirig:62 djiys instead nfa fortnight. On the night ,6f ;the, 12th, July ,, the. sails, were blown out of the topes, , and after trying to. make Australia . for '31 days the. ship had to' run for Norfolk Island to. get qirevisions.'iThsnoe Sydney., the .weiither continued dreadfully tempestuous, and the 'ship stpainpd 'so' badjy that the crew ha'd to be kept 'continuousfy 'at tho oumiis. .'' ' '. " ' ' '. . Recently. th'e 'Minister 'bf Liinds'.'has been , looking into, tji®, j. question of the rbntij 'paid by lees'eb's of . nurifetous,')itii(js held under. tjie'G5th seetion of . the Land Apt,, and,, lib finda, 'there is a great difference ini.th'e 'sums paid/some lbssoes paying -Ss. iper . aoro per. aniiuiii, -and,, others only half that rentnl. Mr Best considers that the lessees of these blocks which do npt exceed 20 aores eaoh shoujd'1 bo 'placed :on; a uniform hasis in regafd to tlie riiiitnL 'and ho has decided that from; tob; first':of lsst 'mbiitH it shall be Is riabre'ijer'ahnpm. 7 ' 1 ."TOpdiveto.have'madyanpxaminittlpnibfthe steamer Argusj and fbund that'thsto' was bnly one hole,- which „was ;2ft, '6in'.'ldng;:4in. wido at one end, and tapering' off to nothing at 'the other. . She wUl be' temporarily repaired. . - 1 - ' : w J: I';- i 