Shroaded inMysiery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, author or ' Fob Tuue LovE'e Bake.' 'Three Lovely Wosun,' 'Dahkeb Than Death,' ' An Ocean Secret,' u Recalled to Like,' ' Riches to Ruin,' 'Who Killed John Cauekos ?' 'The Police Mimstku.' Etc. CHAPTER XXIII. 6IB HARRY HOWARTH rnoSS-EXAlIINEe HIS All this while Mr Uadcliffe and Sir Harry Howartb were not having a particularly happy time of it in the baronet's grand but gloomy library. '? You wen: so excited when you called here yesterday morning that I studiously avoided every subject that could possibly add thereto, and, a* you arc w^ll aware, and for wlidt nason, did not even turn up to bid you pno i da;, when you quitted the hal],' the baron*-! commerced by observing. 'Now, however, that \ou seem io be in a condition to talk and in behave rolionully, which 1 particularly r-'iju-'Bi tuat you will do, both now and henceforth, I will venture t«- ask ;? mi a few tilings, and also to tell vou at few.' Mr Uadcliffe was most amiable and com plaisant, as most men are whi n on the poin of borrowing largely, especially when, as in old John's casi^Tihi'y have no intention of -.TiT re|.a* ing loan. ' lu the liretlplacc, how did yonr daughter really get that urn upon her rigbt arm?' began Sir UhttT ' l)urn 1 never knew she had one.' ' What, neither of your daughters ?' No, neither.' ' It's very odd. She tells mc that her 6isler did it. If 'twas bo she must be a— well, perfect devil.' ' 0 Ids bodkins, Sir Harry, she's a saint in petticoat*, and ;tb good and amiable as a girl 'Which V 'Why. Rom ' fnn'l you hi-r that I must be referring io Ruth.'' '-'»h 1 ah. yen. to be cure.' ' Hose ih my wife, isn't she ' Why. of edurHP.' ' And eo you inust mean that Ruth's the 'Well. I mean comparatively speaking. Ruth has her faults. I'm not going to denv ' Bo yon think that she may have as saulted her pi'fI'T with a jvd-bot jvskur, although so near akin to a saint.' , 'God bless me, i o, That's to say, I'd wager anything not. Odds bodkins, I never heard of such a thing.' ' Oh, then I'll warrant that you'd think i it still more improbable .that a fctttbmon footpad and thief ?hoti\d Wow about this brand, and tcel so keen a desire to see it tbat be stopped my carriage aud forced me to cut up my wife's right sleeve to tbe very shoulder by the, powerful persuasion of a pistol levelled at'my head ?' ' The d ? he did f This beats cock fighting. What did Bu— Bobc say about the matter V 11 She refused to give the slightest expla nation of tbe mvBtcry, ot oS tbtither that occurred later ion. ' b'n earth was that ?' u Why, 1 took her up on the leads to show her the moonlit landscape from the roof of Clegg Hall, which is incomparably lovely. However, instead of seeing tbe view she beheld what 1 did not, namely, a ghost, but to make up for it I heard a voice exclaim, and very clearly, within a few yards ot me, ' Ruth, where is Rose thy stater Vs 8 (range, wasn't it, both the words And the place, eh ?' 41 KxtcBsively, Bat di(Wt ytiti attttopt to discover who uttcted tbcm dcta&nded; Mr Badcliffc quaVcrin^ly* ' My wife tilttfig to mc, sod. told ilhe tii'it I if i t\ultt--d her side tor a single moment her I tears would iforcc her to ^precip^ta\e heVself | over the parapet, wben, of course', abe'd bave been 'killed. 1, thetc^ofti, could not attempt % dlBCoyeVy, bbt 1 sccured the trap door in f!?e iOO[ behind us as we descended from the i leads, aye, secured it underneath, and as it 1 formed the sole means of access to the , housetop, I made sure of catching my gentle I man there the next morning,' l ' And did ypu*' I ' Nothing ol the kind ; the trap door was ! 1 had left it, but no one was on the roof. 1 1 searched it most carefully, aye, even round and round tbc chimney stacks, and 1 peered 1 also down them.' ' Then some jackdaw or escaped parrot must have spokes tbe words tbat yon heard, Sir Harry.' ' No jackdaw or parrot would have uttered I such remarkable words. They were very I remarkable.' I ' They were. But it doesn't seem to me that any human beinff could have spoken them. Docs it to you f' ' At. first bl&sh;, no. ft at on fcoibg down into the garden and looking at the walls, my eyes followed the upward direction Of a certain spout, and here and there, for its entire coarse to the roof, bits of plaster seemed to have been very irccently knocked off, as though by the toes of a remarkably human individual's boots. An active fellow could easily bave asccndcd that spout to the roof, even such a one as stopped my carriage, and obliged mc to bare my wifo's shoulder for his inspection by tbe persuasion of a loaded pistol.' 'Anv what did your wife think about it ?' ' She seemed very terrified, bUt expressed no opinion^1 ' PeirhapS she couldn't form one, and I'm sure 1 can't. I say, Howarth, as a personal favor don't say a word about this to Mrs Ra-lclifie, for she is, as you must be aware, highly nervous, and it would do her a lot of barm t ' It's doing me a lot of harm, I fear, for I've an awkward trick of walking in my sleep when seriously upset, and though 1 don't believe that I've done it for a long while, the chance of tbe habit recurring causes me great Uneasiness, it might alarm my wife, too, for 1 believe tbat £olks look ghastly when wandering abont asleep with their eyes open. Good God I they aren't rcEponBiblc for their actions, either, nor can they control them. 1 wish, Badcliffe, that yon coald persuade your daughter to platte more contidcncc in mc, and to have fewer I secrets from me. We should be making a I far bcttct beginning of married life if you j would only give, and she take, such advice ; I that I am very sure of. Will you do your I pari?' 'Yes, another day. I will ride over specially, and have a good long talk with her. Meanwhile ? ' ' Ah, meanwhile the thousand pounds, of course. More important matters drove it quite out of my head.1' But there could be nothing more import ant to Mr Radcliffc, whose neat desire to that of pocketing the money was for Mrs liad cliff e to n join them, and so put a com plete end to a most unpleasant subject of conversation. The baronet, however, to his intense relief , did not revert thereto, for he seemingly pnt faith in his father-in-law's promise, and thought tbat nothing more need be said or 1 done until the interview between parent and child had taken place. Then, presently, Mrs Badcliffe and her daughter did find their way to tbc library, and a quarter of an hour later ' Old John ' and his wife had left Clegg Hall, and were ambling on their great gaunt roadster in the direction of Rochdale. They had much to communicate to each other on the journey, and Mr Badcliffe Degan by saying ' We snail nave to play a cautiouB game, Mrs B., for the baronet's peace of mind's sake as well as our child's, for I'm thinking of him as much as 1 am of her. He's in a very delicate state of health, 1 fancy, in fact he admits something of the kind himself, and I would fain save him every unpleasant shock and other disagree able 1 possibly can. 2 consider that it's my duty to act so by him, and that I'm only trying to do unto him as I would that be should do uuto we if our positions were re versed ; in short, it is a spccics of a pious fraud that we arc practising, Mrs R., and a good end will more than justify a somewhat — somewhat — well, roundabout means ; for, you sec, if be were to find the entire swindle — 1 mean mistake— out, he might die or go mad before he had properly provided for Ru— our daughter — 1 should say,' ' His daughter — poor dear— went out of her mind before our dear child arrived there, aa perhaps she told you ; but 1 don't think she did, because I don't believe that she had then made the discovery that her husband walks and talks in his sleep; and both says and does the most remarkable She then went on to tell her husband all about the baronet's wanderings in the north wing, and of tbe lock of faded golden hair incident ; when, after giving v*nt to numerous exclamations of astonishment, he, in bis turn, related tbc 6tory of the mys terious voice on Clegg Hall leadB, and how it had said 'Ruth, where is Rose, thv sister ? ' with tbe full account of how the baronet searched for the speaker, and with what result. ' How very dreadful, and how very dangerous, and who or what conld it possibly have been exclaimed Mrs Radcliffe. ' Well, you are a fool not to be able to guess. 1 did at once. Why, it was that scoundrel Halcamus, to be sure, and he's play ing with the hare one day and running with the hounds the next in the hope of being able to draw money all round. I'm glad I've discovered his litle game tboueb, egad, that 1 am, MrB li.' ' Hut, first of all, how could Halcamus have got to the top of that house, and secondly, how down agaiu ?' ' Juei as easy as up and downstairs. Why didn't 1 tell you that instead of having been an ofiicer in the army, as he humbugged poor Kuth into believing, he had been a circus rider ami acrobat ? Such a fellow would bave swarmed up aud down the spout that Sir Harry made mention of in a brace of shakes, aj e, a deal easier than I'd be able to go up and down a ladder, and doubtless lie didn't begin the ascent until the moon bgbt showed him Ruth and the baronet upon the leads. Once there, there were a score of chimney 6lackB to play hide and seek behind. If I don't do something to prevent it he'll be appearing to Ruth in all kinds of places, And terrifying her into robbing her husband in order to purchase his silence and bis departure, aye, I'll be boand he will, 'And Ruth will do anything short of committing a crime to cffect these two things. What woman so placed would not ?' '?I'll prevent it. I'll bind him down with bonds stronger than fetters of iron before I'll hand him over a thousand pounds.' They went on talking about this and kindred matters until Rochdale was reached, when it wus no longer safe to do so, lest they should be overheard. On gaining the bringe Mr Radcliffe asked the day watchman if the iuquist was over, aud if so how the verdict had gone, bat the man replied that the inquest would not be held until the juorrow, as the coroner was out ot town, and he ended up by sa^ ing— ' If 1 was you, 6ir, 1 wouldn't go out of doors much till 'twas over, for folks some times take funny uoiions into their heads, aud above all I'd 6tay indoors to-night, as U's Mifchicf Night as perhaps you may have foreottcn ; but anyhow, it's worth remem bering.' [To hb Continued Next Saturday.] 