A [MONTANA DIVORCE SUIT. "You saw that tall chap stanrding on-the-rear. .platform .of thm eazress when, she wenut t hroughT' s.id 1the .Jdrichio stationmaster.. * FI- ,'the. Atheiisille:Baptist preaneuriaqild ihe's on his way to Chicago to 'give his testi ' otny in th? : great divorLe suit. What ! I ,.:,never told:-you about any divorce?': Well ?.you surprise mie;! for that there divorce suitisjusb ' the biggest thing;of the kind we hlave "ever had - in this section of the country,. ': That Baptist preacher: -hasnh't any thingto do withlit except "toswear that he married. the :plainitiff and :the defend anit:' There's nothing crooked aboput the Rev. Mr.::Humphreys.. ,.He's as'good as.:they:make 'em, thougl:lI `say it my self, and J!donti thfiliiillli of Bap tistsasa _general thing, havingo been' brought up a Methodist, though I re , signedfrom them., when I was made' conductor; whieh is? a bert-th th a man cani't dod a?ythidgiP with, uhless he can " 'swear a blue streak-when the occasion arises, Thishyer preacher took charge of the A.thensville Baptis? Chirch a mistter I of five, years ago, and being, a wonder .ful man for managing a church and making it attractive to the general publicit wasn't long before he had the 1 largest 'congregation of any preacher in the place. That year the people built him a'iew cihurch itwice as hi is the old one. ,.It stands on the hill about a mile out of Athensville, "for when; it i was built it was eal'lated that the town c would, grow in that direction, which F somehow it hasn't done. : " 'h tell this just to show what an en terprising man the parson waHs.. He': in sisted'on havinig the tallest steeple to "his'hew:church that could be found any- l where in Montana Territory;? nd b'gosh, he got it. People used to come from miles away to climb up that steeple and ?.seethe -view, a There wasn't any view ' to speak of, 'the country being too hilly t in those parts.to have much scenery, but a for all that people were anxious to say 1 that they.had been- to the 'top of the steeple. . ".There was "an old maid. in Mr. E Humphreys'congregation who was more determined to get married than any r woman you ever saw. She was one t •-of those thin, persevering-looking t women ; and a 'mighty dangerous sort I they are. Miss Payson,; which was this a lady's name, was bound -to marry a c young man by the name of Halsey, who 't had never done her any harm, and was a about as sensible and well behaved a h chap as there was in all. Athensville. s Of course,, he didn't have the least;idea a ".of marrying the woman, but he was one . of those good-tempered chaps that are s always afraid to say rno when a woman s A sks.them to do anything. Goodtem- .t per is the ruin of lots of folks.. It I keeps me dow ri? know thaIt. Id 'da .been..one of these crusty, rampageous i fellows thiat ,nver does a kind action if he can help it, I should have been sup- c erintendent of this road instead of being i aonly a station-master .at one of the .smallest stations: in the Territory. i Never you be too gbood-tempered Of .the two, i iruins more thani hisky. " One .day,. Miss- Payson she gets :.young "Halsey to titak ie heriup in the .- teeple of the Baptist OClihch. You see, visitors were alwilys ?oing .up that s..teeple between the hours of ten ,and five, during which the sexton stayed at. the church to attend tiio thiiigms and'see that everybody condrUcted thlemselves \- - as they should. -At fiive o'clock he oIbck ed up the door that led to the steple;p :.and then he locked up the churcl~ dodor, 'and went home fro the night h ' ) :,i. Miss Payson and her youn g miain :' went up the steeple. about three o' clock :ii~the afternoon;,but shoe said she en-i joyed it so much that-Halsey was pre: .vailed uponx'toti'ty there withi her~i a gooid deal latetr than e; iihad: intended to; ,stay. she had kpt him poinitng 'outi all the houses in, .tihe town andlevery hill a- .valley in the.whole neighIourhood;: aiid wihen she finally asked hii to look t -"hi?s' watch- and tellier the time, s:. he iwas, as shie pretended dtreadfully' ;:ia d.~ lo 6find that i?? is half-pasta five l :Elsey ran d6wn tith:stairs and fou nd that the door was loked, and no~ .bod: was-withirn hearing. The sexton h:. ?forgotten that there was: anyone, .. up the steeple, and had locked up'ahd gone home at five o'clock, as usual. ... " Halsey came back and toldjMiss Pay ''son, who burst into tears, anid said that her reputation was ruined. She and '¢'. Halsey would have to spend the night -:-I :.n thei steeple, unless he. was .willing to jump out of the window and break his SI: neck; and she would rather die a thous Sianp d times than ;et him do that, ",Hi: 'alsey was considerably scared :.:.himself, for he saw. that, unless he ::::couild invent some way of getting Miss f':':': payson out of that steeple, hlie would \- b':.have to marry her whether hlie wanted :: : to or not. LHe thought the matter over :..for a while, Miss Payson weeping her ..' level best, and resting'her head in a ,L- forgetful sort of way on his shoulder. .. Pinally a bright idea struck him. There was the bell rope, which ~ a*ss I stout one-inch manilla. Why shouldn't t he lower Miss "?aysoi to tle giround I with it' arid theni:slidel down himself I " He explained his plan to the lady, t but she didn't seemn'to like it. She said she was siure the rope would' break oir that he 'would drop it, or that she t would be killed in some sort of n'way if 1 'the experim'ent was tried. 'No,' says a she; 'I willre~main' here, and trust to t your h onor as gentleman to defend me from the sneers of the heartless world. I really haven't the courage to allow t you tolower me down tlis awful height with any rope.' Ha Hlsey wouldn't hear :of her objec- d "tions, and argued wvith her a long time. i It wasn't until' he accidentally men- i tioned.,that the steeple was just chock s full of mice; andrats, and bats, and such that iMss Payson, consented to try the rope..- 'Even' then" she was :a mighty d dissaticfied womani and cami e near j resolving that she wvould;take-the risk a of the wild animals rather .than lose such a irst-class chance of capturinfg a desirable husband Halsey rigged up a sor't of seat for the womani sothat "she a could sitin the: ight of the rope,.with a lashings around her here and there;and I coildn't fall out if she wanted'to.. Then he got her to" stand on the windowr ledge, and lowered away Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first, and begged n Halsey to let hlier come. back and' die t close to him, but he wasn't 'going to c have any woman dying around his neck if he klnew:hiiiself.' So he lowered her ' down gently and easily; encouraging her r all the time, till he found' that his rope e had comie to an: end.., It wasn't quite C so long as he had siipposed that it was, and the upshot was that: there was Miss Paysoni abouti thirty, feet from ..the a ground, ivith no possible wayof eaching o it"uiless Halsey should let go liis l?old of the rope. " He thought of letting go ofit, but, being a humane, good-tempered man- n as I have said, he couldn't bring him- y self to do it, since the result would have been 'that either: Miss Payson would have beeinkilled or at'least most of her.linubs would have been broken. ti So he rtiade the:end 'of the rope fist to; a beanm, and called out to Miss Payson d not to lose couniagef'anid ie wouid soon. d think'of somne way of getting her out of in the dithiculty. She begged hini:to draw t her'up again, and:he actually tried to. do it, knowing all the while whati the, consequences ?nould be if lieh succeeded a but he fouind that he .didn't' have the d necessary. strength." Miss Payson was C heavier than' she looked to be, thouglh she was mostly bones .but she was n a good seventy-five feet below him, and e it would have ..taken two men of his :n strength to ;ha e hoisted her, ito the ' steeple again. He pulled at the rope ti'llihe: w'as pietty near exhausted, for he naturally, felt a ..little ashamed of s acknowled ihpbto a woman that there d .was anything -that .rhe wasn't strong e enough to do. However, 'eJi'had to. come. to it at last,, and: tell: her that if it wais to ::sa e: bth -:theiri lives he t couldn'.t manage to ,pull her back into a the steepi?. So she settled: down to cry, .atnd he. settled down' to smoke a pipe, witha 'iew to clearing his ideas. ll xiif asudden hei ?f aw what he *oughtto do; and wondered-that lie had lt'in siuhi. id -St as'iit.t. ave seen it.- before. There..was.:the :bell just ,aliv$ hi& lie d 2 all h lI d ito do was to climb:up and ring it by swing ingthe lapper from side to side, till the ilarm should briig back: the sexton with the keys. By this time it- was gettini rather dark, and Halsey set to work at the Iell and-keptonitollin' it slow and regulari for that was the only way he could nianagre to ring. it "• -" "It's the dc?stom: with :uso tooll the bell whenianybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on'the bell as the deceasedei ad lived years .., When Hal sey began to toll th :bell the~i Athens ville people listened to fnd out how old the deceased had been ',:When'the strokes had got.up among the eighties,. they; allowved hiat thle oldest settler in the town must have died very; suddeni, fol' h1 had" been seen drulik as usual and in perfect, health tlat aaftiernooni as late as three o'clock, But the beRlLkept on; and. soon after it .had tolled some .twb hirided aind fifty tines, and show ed'no signs of; stopping, folks began to thirik thiit the sexton had just happen ed to hear about the death of Methuse lah, and was notifying other people of the facti 5' You may ask why didn't somniebody go to the church and find out what the bell was rinrging for. Well! for one thing it, was just supper time, and no body felt anixious to take a walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, too, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there was not any desire to interfere with the ghosts in case they should have taken ainotion to toll the bell. The tolling kept on till Halsey had tolled the bell four hundred times and then Rev. Mr. Humphreys arrived on the spot ; and when he heard Miss Payson's voice somewhere in the air, over hirs . ... .- - - ]hea d,.' he 'was, considerably startled, thou hinot being a believer in gliosts he wasn't the least bit frightened.... "' How on earth did you. come up there, ma'amp ?'.l asks the,- minister. ' And what are`you-tolling the bell for ' i' " Mtiss. Payson explained what` wais the m~tter. She said .that she and Mr. Halsey had-come 'to the church in'th+e afternoon cal'lating to find the parsonb there and to get married 'that rinbot finding him they had gone into 'the c steeple to see the view, and had been v accidentally locked in. She was surii that'shle couldn't- live many -minutes longer, she felt so weak, and 'hehioped li MIr. Huinphreys would marry her :to i 3r.i: Halsey without another iminute's delay, and so save her reputation, 'even if it didn t -save her life. The minister vwantedat ?"send for help, an-d: get her d iafe- nfthe- solid- ground-before;-i arry ing her, but she said she nusth bei mar ied -beforeshe could dare-face any of her' tow.nsiien. Such; she;said ,vere also deai Mr. Halsey's views and if Mr. hiui brey , had the'feelihngs of a ian ari'd a Christian,: let alone a. a Baptist. minister, he' would :go ahead witlh the marriage service:..: " .. . - 'Mr Hinnpmireys .finally _'consented , and called out to.Halsey- to nod {when he s iould see the minister: wave:his right` arm' that being th, only way in ?which Halsey rcould make responses, seeing as his voice- didni't - fairly reachb to. the s ground. iavin"g .arrainged:.thist satis- i factorily,;'assr-he.vthought,.M. jl oma- m phr~eys went ahead??,dand-ir--about two minutes -he. had :Miss Payson marriedl to-Mr. Halsey. : Just thenithe sexton t came up-with the.keys; and knowing where he could lay his hatl: on a?le;ingth of rope, he took it up intoi. the steeple with him, and bent ;it on to :the bell rope, Then he and Mr. Halsey lower r ed Miss Payson. to the ; ground ;, and caiie down the stairs together: , "',+'You'll find your wife waiting for you.in the graveyard,'. says.M Mr Humi phreys to .'r. Halsey. ' Sheis "natur ally.:a little excited, and she's ,resting on a flat tombstone.' I " ' If you mean Miss Payson, s' ays Halsey " I can't understand why you call her my wife.' "' I call her your' wife,"' says the minister, ' because I have just married I you two, and I don't allow -no man to question the' binding character of any marriage that I have a hand in:' " 'Married-'. us '?'. cries Halsey. When' and wlhere This is `the first. time I have heard of it. '-Young . man,' says the parson,: ' thishyer's~ 'a 'serious subject,' and.1I don't approve,: of jokes on .eitheri wed dings or funerals. -Miss "Paysoni told me, when she was. swinging .there in the air: that ;you and +she .wanted to be I married the worst way, anid sO 1 m?a rried you'" If thiere's .an.iy :`istake tni `'not: to blame. I've done my best as .minister of the Gospel; ar'dif.:you. don't like it` you can go to the Divorce' Court aiid see if you can get it altered. I 1 tell.6you candidly i,don't?believe:any Court?i:?'ll{' listen~ to." you, b'for: .my marriages are iron-clad aind-bullet-proof every time,a and' worthia good %siht' more tha: the fivdollars that.'1 n waiting for you to pay me. ".Well- Halsey-went-home.. pretty mrad, -without waiting to see Miss Pay son;-a td the-very next day ehe beins a siiti fori a divorce:. That's the greati divorce?'sit ;I: :wais telling you }about: whten I pointed out the Rev: Mr.Hum phreys? to? you. . It's ;ibeen dragging along for four years. 'Sometin?es it is" decided in favor of HIalsey .and some times in favor of 1Paysonu,'an'd then it's al3ays appeaied ,and has to:lie:tried. over again. :- Miss Paysonshe sticks to it' that "Halsey had agreed-to marry her, anid that he understood perfectly 'well everything :the parson said while the ceremony was going on.' The .:parsonh1 saysi that Halsey nodded as was agreed. upon-whein he asked him if he -took Miss Payson to be his wedded wife,> andiall thiat -sort of thing, and that Hialseyhad hold of the rope.flhat was ied to Miss.Payson, which was all the same as having hold of her hand. On the o.ther hand, Halsey, swears that he never meant to marry the woman, and nvi~' khernw that a miarriage ceremony was -being gone through, iut that he 'jtistiiodded out of friendliness when he saw the parson waving his lhand at him. The evidence, you can see, is-pretty i~tiaighi "against him, and when ie dobes iappen:to get a verdict it costs him a p0owerfullot of money, for outjurymen are mighty-honest and high-toned, and it takes a good deal of money to induce them to see things in a light favorable tolHalsey. I'm interested in the case because of its importance, for if the ,o-irts finally decide' that a man can be married to a woman when he is seventy 4fiefeet above- her, and-don't know whiat is going on, none of us is safe; and 'the first you know that sonic wo man: that is rtishing through here on+ -the express will be married to me while I am selling tickets in my office, and knowing no more about it than a child unhung, Well, there is no use in sit tingand dreadingdangers that may never come to time, and I suppose that if it's a man's fate to be married he's got to knock under, and there's no good in worrying himself over it till the time comes." The many friends of Mr. C; A. Coles, formerly one of the co-partners of the Grand Hotel, Healesville, will be glad to learn that he has assumed possession of the old- established Clare Castle Hotel at the corner of Bourke and Exhibition Streets, Mielbourne. This well-known hostelry has recentlyi een thoroughly renovated, and as it is Mr. Cole's intention to conduct it on strictly respectable. lines, country visitors to town• will find here comfortable and convenient 'accommodation, combined with every attention and the- est of fare, while the charges will Ihe found to be most reasonable and com;nmen surate with the tinmes. .We heartily wish Mr. Coles every success in: his new. venture. . -.. .7 + *_..?: -:..- : * -_, . t. : - - . 