nnwMOMinMMMMHIMMMMSMKnnitiMHMeMaMMMMM Sermon for Sunday. " The Blind Man Eloquent," London (says tho Daily Chronicle of August 30) still teoms with our neighbours from across tho Atlantic. Thoy bogau to . arrive early in May, desiring, .no doubt, to hold high revel with the groat Evangolloal sooiqties ; and they aro only, now considering an apparently re luctant departure. Ono of tho most pic- turesque figures among the later arrivals is that of tho . Rev. Dr. W. H. Milburn — " The Blind Man Eloquent," as ho is familiarly oallod— who nan undertaken to supply the liistorio pulpit of Harecourt Church, Canonbury, during the month of August. Dr. Milburn, after having served as ohuplain in the National Houso of Roprosontativos at Washington through four Congresses, was, in 1893, oleoted to tho ohaplainoy of the Senate, a position whloh ho now adorns. When ono lofimod yesterday that tho ataid and oritioal Athenaum boa dosoribod his elpquenae, for a blind man, as standing " noxt to John Milton's," and that so experienced an authority as the Christian World has declared that as orator, proaohor, and lecturer he is "superior to any we have over hoard," it was natural to hopo for grdat things from the pulpit of Harecourt Church. Tho hopo was not a vain one, Rarely from an English pulpit do wo hear language bo burn ing, yet no tender, so restrained, yot so full of fire, so simple in diction yet so admirablo in literary quality, ao - spontaneous yet so full of stadiea emphasis. The blind man eloquent, indeed 1 oven in a homely, fatherly address on tho origin of tho "four-fold gospol." Naturally, a touch of sadness finds expression in tho emotions of a congregation listening to tho appeals of a blind proaohor. For tho blind old man— who has boon mora than 50 years in th? ministry — with his luxuriant gray hair enshrining a noble dignified face, yet wears the lpok of awful gravity only to ho seen on the oountonanoos of tho blind. His clear, rich, resonant voice, however, speedily remqves tho ovidenoo of ago, and his shurp, olean-out sontonncs afford no sign of a sonso of deprivation. Prayer has a now moaning in his lips. Tho coarso suggestion that ho was oleoted chaplain of the United States Senate because ho was uuablo to witness tho irrever ence of its mombors is reproached ot onco by the attractive Htatelinoss and humility of his manner as he prayed for nil rulers, und especially "out beloved ruler aoross tbo sea." Glib Anglican curates/who rattle through tho daily lessons, would have beon hushed to shame had they hoard him yesterday rouito tho fifty-fifth chapter of Isaiah and tho first fourteen vorses of St. John's Gospol. Dr. Milburn's sermon was based ou thn last of those verses, beginning, "And tho Word was made flesh." Ho sup posed that all of us had discovered in bio graphy and autobiography the moat deeply interesting clement of literature. Even in fiation our delight proceeds mainly from tho delineation of human charaotor and in tlio narration of incidonts commoted with human life. Flutaroh for many an ago had yielded tho most exquisite pleasure, as woll as a mighty inspiration, to all lovers of good books, and would probably do so for many un ago to oomo, in story after story of undying interest, relating to the lives of men. And wo have in this cherished volumo, tho Bible, which lies on every pulpit, and iu every Christian homo, a wonderful galaxy of biographical stories, on- shrinod within whioh is ono of aliigulur grace und exoellonuo. Tho story of tlm lifo of our Lord Josus Christ is contained, nob in four gospels, hut in ono four-fold gospol.'and itspecu- liurity is thiB, that it reveals to us tho oharuotcr- istioof its narrators, while it declares tho work, the sufferings, tho death, tho glory of our Holy Redeemer. Each of tho writers lias his own distinction, his own olaim to our spooial interest. St. Matthew wiih a farmer of taxes, ono of a class whioh " grind tho faces of tho poor " — a olass which, in tho Southoru States of America, wore usually oallod "Scaily wags." Yot evon from this vile olass wo gat ono of tho biographers of Jesus of Nuzaroth. Tlio man's solf-sur- rondor is complete. Hardly a buok iu litera ture gives such evidence of self-otfaoemont. From him wo havo tho fullest record of tho Sermon on tho Mount, of tho parables— in brief, of tho teaching of Christ. It usqd to be oallod "tlio Gospel to the Hebrews, " for Matthew was a Hobraw of tho Hebrews, whoso ruling oouoop- tion of Jesus waa that of tho great Toaohor. Thon wo pass to St. Mark's Gospel, which opens out to ua a now ohuraoter, and a new aspect, of tho sacred olironiolo. As a nephew of St. Poter, St. Murk was always understood in his Gospol to havo tho authority of that apostle, whoso high temper and ready impulBOH it revoulod a character whioh concerned itself not with wordB but with deeds. Honce it appears to ho addressed to tho people of Romo, who liko ourselves woro a proud, pruotieal, utilitarian, nnd not an emotional people, de manding not what He has said, hut " What hus Ho done r" And so tho Romans, not conoorned with tho higher roalitios, hut bent nn conquering tho oarth and its riches only, aro instructed by St. Mark bh to tho actual dends of oar Lord, White Matthow records tho toaohiug, Mark chronicles tho doings of Josus Christ, St. Luke, again, the " beloved physician," us tho confident of the mother of tho Lord, has learned incidents in His early life which are recorded nowhere elso ; and aa fellow- traveller with St. Paul is en abled to aupplomont iu a mnyvollous way tho story of the Gospel. Hera wo havo fivo parables whioh arc not to bo found in St. Matthow — tlm parables of tho Unjust Steward, tho Rich Man and Lazurus, tlio Fliariseo ami tho Publican, tha Good Sumuriluu, and tho Prodigul Son. Thoso five, us St. Augustine has said, constitute a "gospol iu minia ture, a gospel within a gospel." St. Luke's mission is to show us tho Saviqcr of the atoning suorifioa. Thoso three gospols niaka up what tho oritics cnll tho "synoptic" viow of our Lord's ministry. Long after tlieso wo havo that of the "bolovod disciple" John, a passionate man, a " woman. naturcd " man, a moditiitivo man, not a man of action, whoso spooial tank it is to sot forth in all its fulness and boauty tlio divinity of our Lord. Tlio full foroo of his womnn-liko nature cumes out in his extreme towlomoss, nnd in that quality of seeing mora cjoarly and more vividly, and (poling more deoply than rough mail, His uairativo stands without a parallol in human lifo ; it rovoals, as with woman's tondoiness, tho transcendent beauty of .Testis, Son of God and Son of Man. " His is (ha cyo (hat sacf into tho vory divinity of Christ." In all this, Dr. Milbnru oontoudod, we have a literature whioh is something greater than literature, It waa curious to hear him say, "Tho oyo soos. what it brings tho power to . oeo " — although he only indicated that tha author of oaoh of tho four gospels brought his own luminous character- into his power of disoornmonb. This has a meagre parallel in tho story of Socrates, wherein wo have revealed tho marvellous ohnraotor of Plato. Small critics labour to find differences and contradiotiona in the aaoounts of the four Evangelists, but it is a puorile and fantastio business. For whonoa was tho authority, whonce the command to set thoso gospols down in writing for nil tho world f " Tho Comforter, whloh is tho Holy Ghost, whom tbo Father will send in My name, be shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you," Tho task was not to be trusted' ' to their , memories. Their understanding was to bo enlightened, illnmined, and quickened, and brought to a higher and ampler plane than tho low plane of our humblo fife. And sinco thon, over sinoo tho Ascension, men'e minds havo been quiokoned and their under standings illnminatod by the same most graoious Spirit. Indoed, no man can understand these records without this illuminating power ; no man without it can behold ovon tho glory of the only begotten of the Fathor. "Brethren, this is tho treasure of man's life on earth, a treasure which grows more brilliant as the years go by, a treasure the full value of whioh only its possession obables you to discover. Is it yours r Have yon this transcendent power of humun life to realise nnd to know the re deeming love of UodP Seek it! seek it now, sock it always, seok it abundantly, above all that you con ask or think 