The Historical Cricket Match. -:o: NOTES ON THE PLAY AND THE PLAYERS. (from the Soutlern Papers.) THe Australians are pepalarly Eupposed to wear dark blue in this matnh, They ter genorally uniform at starting; then euper htition gets hold of them and toere Is a relapee into medley. For example. Albert Trott had a South Aaustralian esab, M'Kbbin a Sydney light bl·e, while S d. Gregory were the uolour.s of an English club presented to him on his lat trip home. TIBB was a heavy wind blowing from the pavilioo end when play started on Monday, making it a bit awkward to work the Auos tralian bowling, for Giff.n. TrotS, and M'Kib. bin are all men who should have the wind behind them, leaving only Albert Trott to keep the other end. There was a bit of exroitement between the two Maos. to be gin with, M'Kibbln beating Maelaren with hie first bhall, but not bowling him. The big "Oh' from the crowd map have expressed either disappointment or eor prise. The prevailing feeling immediately afterwards was one of out.spoken ad. miration for Maclaren's bat:iDng- glide on one side ol the wicket, a baok outc on the etbher, capped with a s?coond floe leg-hit. We have not had so strong a bateman on the Ilg-.ide for a long time, and watobing him dluaely one always knew when the leg-bit was eoming. For a frao:ion of a scoond as the bhall is delivered he stand irresolote, like a batesman osanght in two minds-then as he sees the ball is short the right leg comes back, perilonsly olose' at times to the wicket. and thebo ball, lightly tocnohed, goes skimming to fine leg, or is swept with more force eqoare with the awolket. Peel was doing most of the storing and fairly astonishing the Anostralians, who had begen to look opon him as a gift. "Bobby" had pioked the right matohb for his reoovery. To hear some of the past-and.gone lights, whose ghosts haunt the best seats at big matches, on the subjeet of Maeolaren' batting wee as good as to sit bye a oannoisseor in wines when bchoice vintages are being sampled. "George Parr was a gre at leg bitter" sanid one, "and later on Tommy Horan could score there, but this laddie will be neas good as either of them in time." Stoddart, in his letters to the M.C.C., spoke of Maclareon as an improving bat. When be began with 228 they com menced to suspect that he was something more than "an improver." No one watohed bhis progress with more pride than Brigge, who started to teaoh him oi iket when he was a boy in knickerbookers. As Msolaren got to 60 be warmed a bit to his work1 and there was a oonstant patter of oheering. In England. and espeoisly the North, the cricket orowda tit silent, jlst gloating over the game notil auoe thing very speoial happens, and then a roar as if a tbhousand baritones had answered the oondnotor's tA'on-b-reake forth. Tas hit by Maolaren that brought up 250 was a bit close to Darling's left hand, and then a olever grand-ltand catch by Harry Trott osmpletely sold the crowd. There was a roar of applause nis the esnpposed eatob was taken c hesh-a doubhtfal " What, isn't be going:" and a hnrst of laughter s Peel took blonk again. The wind was blowing pretty strong jUt then, bringing dolst from the etly and sietleilown erom the plains onateide is pretty thbiokly soroas the ground. Twitoe Atlbert Troth. habd looked round eagerly to Phillips for Lb.w.. buhot e0Mh time met a foe irresponlible as the Sphyne The same germ of thought began to grow in several thonosand minds just then-"Turner would he exceedingly usefal now.' When Peel was d8 it seemed all over with him, for he drove a ball over Giffen's head in the direotion of Iredale. The fieldsman threw off his hat and dashed in for it, just got his hands on it; but failed to keep It. That Iredale missed it was sIofliolent pro?tf of its being diffioolt. The differenoe betweans snooese and failure was just ahout two inches. In default of other fast bowling Braoe wssee tried, and, of couonrse. bowled the nsul wide-whibch, as it went to he feoe, oonalted 4. "Hooray lI" ylled the erowd as Jarvisappealed for d atohatthe w?lkets, and Peel left for theb pavilion; but they hadn'i aotieed that it was only to meet lord, who was bringing him ott a drink, BEE-B m ondlitl0ons. cold have been desired for the third day's play in the great cricket match on the Melbourne grooond, which was witnessed by 20,000 people. It was blaning h?t in the eprly part of the game, and muggy and clone towards tbhe last, with eve?y indica tion of the ohangie whlh eame up from the southwest later on. At one time Giffen wore a hat that wnold have fitted the Law onarta dome; at the finish he was barehtaded. The fortenes of the day varied terribly. At half p1.t 2, long fsoae ; ast 4, long drinks and eon gratalstions. The whole aspeot of the game had ehanged. Maolaren and Peel Oarried on the soore from noon to dinnertime, defying sahl attempts tboi parate them. They went baok ast a quarter-past 2, evidently well sntefor a resat stand, bat when Peel was removed p Gregory offQGion tbn fruit soon decaysd. Molren evidently felt the heat greatly. There was something pathetic in the eagerness wl? which his friends in the shade watched for signals from him for refreshbments there whs hothisg pathetio in the inslnsatihg way a fieldeman or two got close up to get the tail e~nd of the beverage. Now and agsin, between roous, Maolarea would drop on one knee and peranade himself he was restiag, hbut all the amse hie defence was impregrble. PerL made £5 by his inniog,s a SdneyI sportsman of Englibsh tendeono having lIi: both him end Brige £5 to nothing about? getting the oentoty. Brigge oametot with the I only "roand one" on the aide, hobut Peel mode suoh a good showing that, although he only got two fgurea, he will he paid for three. THE erowd were howling "Take yorself' off, George" to Gifen when the board showed that he had taken no wiokete for 104 rne, hbu?t they howled a different song whe be got Peel and Lookwood in qulok eoneeasion, and hin figures were two for 112. A bit later he die missed Ford and Brigga, end came onet with a fairly good analyaeir-on that wlaket--o foler for 180. Ford was very dbious about the oetch with whloh Albert Trott dismlised him, the batlman's belief being that be ohopped the ball on to the groind, and thenoe to Trota. Jonet before, Giffen hbed made very eare of having the dashing lefthander, Ford hit one back to him that certainly eounded like a bomp ball, but Giffen tootk it for a atoch, threw it up rejoiolngly, and looked serprised when the empire gave it "not out." As to Harry Trott's oatoh whioh got rid of Brigge, there could be no doubt about either the fairness or olevernees of it. It woa as Sne a astch ans ever was made. Trott woe at point, oand Brigge tapped a ball out in his direction, whioh seemed to fall short of him by e yard or two, but Trots, abeolutely diving down, jueat cltohed the ball with bie left hband when it wac only a few inches from the ground, and be himself was falling prone, A better oatoh eimply oould not be made. BPuaccG of the eeond innings of the Ann. tralians, a oontemporary saya :-A beam wind norosa the Beld, sad against Lookwood, who wa plalying to the wind by bowling over in stead of round the wioaket, helped the batemen moot, though their advantage in that reepect was onaternoted by the saeistonoe Peel got from the breeze, bowling left.handed of ounrse, nod altering hia pitobh eo as to get all the etrpngth of the wind. For a time Peel had things almost his own way, and the bet~men could do little or nothing with him. At one time he sent down foer Conse0ontio maidon overs, and between 12 and hblf-past I he bowled no loesl than ixiteen. He was bowling absoletely at his beet, varying paee and pitch moat deeptivel and e aoulounolly pelting in fast one of the sort that has ispired a looal bard to slug of "Peel's ferious fling." This bat., generally coming from the pitch snake. wite, inEt, and with a break, best Barry Trott when be had got 42, the osame spoore as he made in the first innings, so that Peel had then bagged two wickets for 44 rono. Early in the teens of the second hundred, however, when Giaffen and Iredale were sticking the bowlers np, Stoddart took Peel's advice, and shifted Richardson down to the railway end, so that the express bowler would be working on to the end where that patch is said to be, In the meaotime, BriggRi delivered an over from that end, off which 6 rens were made. Then there wee a psriod of alowness, daring which Richardson bowled a great many overs for 8 ThE two batsmen who are incomparably deserving of oredit out of the Anotraltan aide are Giloe and Darling. ( fina'n's weas an almost olassia sample of sound and etubborn oricken, One of hin strokes that I remember as ea pecially ane was a square cot to the fence off Peel. This was one of the few off balls the Yorkshire bowler send. down, and Giffen, layinge all hie weight behind the bat, sent the ball shooting to the fence as etraight as an arrow. Peel loaid many traps for him, hobut without avail, for Giffon invariably bided his time until he oonid be certain of gettlug the ball between the fieldemen, and then be laeshed ot lostily. One ohance is to be urged against him, for when he tad made 31 be snicked a ball from Peel into the slipsr, but, fortunately, just out of th long resach of Ford. When the Aastralian captain did go at last, afler three boors' batting, he rej oted tne heart of Richardson. In England this bowler and batsman met twelve times, and eleven times Riohardson got OIan's wi;oke', In oustralia, strangely enough, they have now also men twelve times, but thi is it the first time Giffen has ever fallen befsore the fast bowler. THe battery of bittera who again came into notion when the seonad half of the innings was began did not do the damage eopeted of them by the people, who agreed that five for 179 was notD nearly good enough, There wis erahbing volley of csheers when Lyons confronted Iohbardson. and gently slipped his first ball away for 2, and another when he fSicked the seeoond off his crease and away to the fence. In three or four minutes Lyons had rattled up hie score, and then he wae erselly trapped by Briggse, eod bit all over one of the eleverest "whirlers" ever bowled. '"Bad you that time, Jack," said Brigga afterwards, "that ball pitched on tbhe leg stump, and came in to the off, but you thought youe were going re make a bigIeg hit offit, didn't you!' Lyons admitted that that was to. Woewzo is the man who started the cry for M'Kibbio to be ineoluded in the test eleven! He'd always said that Tharne was played out, and that it we time to give a new and pro. gsirelvely esoaesfal bowlet a hbow. Tarnmer had done pretty good work years eago: baut be was out of date.. And with the Batharet man's average in the match against the Booth Anotrliaons. there was no jufstifoatiori for keeplbg him longer out of the eleven. Keep Lyons out ? After what be bad done in Viotoris i NO. What ought to be done was to keep Tarner out, and to Rive M'Kibbin a show. And Terner was kept out, and M'Kibh bin got his abhow. . And if that perdon had been outeide the Daory Feaegrapt window while the moltitude wais poring over the oricket balletins, and saw only four wicketa down and the eeare at 300, they would have laid hold of him sand torn him to pieces, and laid him to the nearest horenepond. There was never asoh a rerulsion oaf feeling. If Tsoner had been inoluded in ples of M'Kib bin stla aptured only a comuple of wickets, that orowd woul4 have howled at the esleotion committen like wolves. Buat fate went the other way. And esiery ma?, ans the wiokets fell and M'Kibbin's name never appeared. groaned oat hie disapprobation, sad lylogly deolared that he'd alway. aaid Torner ought to have been in the eleen,. Twnr was hardlytime to settle fairly in the seats on Wddnesdsay at the great metoh when that triple.erpansion shout whtth cannot be mistaken arose from the throng. Stoddert was oat. leg before to Harry .Trott'sairst bahll.. The sun muQ have stopped in ambsement. It was all over. Eesch patriotlo Aeustrlan bad lo an instant denided upon the partliolar beverage to be ordered-eay 'in an hoar when the game would certainly be foBoishe, and thought of the exact form of speroh Io whiob be would express eommiaservation for the Eoglishmen. At least 150 run mest be the sarplus. But one Brown was to be non. sidered. This perfidions person stepped out of thebs pavilion with a jaunty spring, took the vagent arease, banged away at the bowling as if ha were playing sohoolboys, and in half.an. hour had put an entirely different omplsxion on thsgame. Brown's treatment for exoesrive jobilation is psrfent. It will reduoae the girth of the broadest amile quabker than any other specido known, and will seal with the silence of the grave the voine which a minute before was heard in muoh shooting. Brown is a com plete killjoy. His name will be found written on GiEen's heart. With Ward be put on 210 rans, and made the gsme practically oertain for England. And Ward-if anyone desires a finer exhibition of patient, skilful batting than be gave-well, he won't se it. At half-past 3 o'clook Australia. bad a bare ohanoeo at a qnarter to 4 a win would have been a miraole; at 4 there weas a restless lmpatienoe for the end, and at ten mlntes past it was all over. Wnv. 0 oame up Brown was sooring off Giffe almoast s he pleased, and a light leg stroke carried him into the thirties, while Ward remained almost stationary, ot playing a very soond, safe game. Once ard tree about to play one 9 mid on, but his eye oanught Harry Trott waiting theire, and it was interest. ing to note the diplomstio way in whbioh bhe obsaged the stroke. Another splendid leg 4 by, Brown got the snore to 65, oand Gifsfo, alarmed at the rate of eooring, gave Albert Trott the hball. Not the slightest sheok was effeoted, The little tyrkahiremen simply sent up the 10's with a rattle, and just as he got loto the fifties the sky darkened, and it looked as though the promised squalls had arrived sooner thans ezpeoted. The mosioinsn morose the ground putriotioally played " Daet Bell" and " lweet Marie" in quiok sooossion, bout even they coold't drive Brown away. Briefly, he had got 50 rune in about thirty minetes, while Ward in the esame time had only added 5 to his score. The Australians became serionaly alarmed, and, with 867 esored, pot on M*Kibbin in" place of N. Trott-a move that met with thbe entire approval of the crowd, Tae Batbhurt bowler's start wee not pro. mising, for Ward hib his firat ball close to the cbaiseas for 3, while it required a lightninsg aeloolator to follow Brown's figures nd an "even-time" pedestrian to follow his hite. There most be esomethinge in the dispositioo of the HEglish field worth studying. Their batsmen got through our field almoset as they plesed yesterday, yeton Tuesday oar batemen oould not break through their field. Brown's first off i'ibbin waea rather fikey 3 to leg, bet the next he plased perfsotly between third man and cover, and thkTDnuing between wiokete was a lesson for ootse. They went for the bshorteet runs, yet with anoh judgment that they never onoe appeared to be in peril. Brown brought his own score to 60 with one stroke and a hundred for the total with the next, while Ward was leoaky in getting a sweet 4out past Gregory, who was fielding admirably. The Lenasbhire man-they are both Yorkehire by birth-soored another of these perfect foure, and Gliffen thought it time to thioken the off field by sending Brnoe ovser from mid-on, but no sooner was he moved than Brown patted a ball into the spot he left. OIn short, he showed oonsnmmate skill and jodgment in finding blank places in the field. \Ward's square outs were as pretty asee anything seen in the matob. He made them with as muoh ease as oertainty, and every one wae applanded by the orowd, who, in their recognition of good play, were thorooghly impartial, Tan'os looked omnloon enough when Brown and Ward had piled up sqminy rune thatthe Englishmen only had a liittle more than 100 of their original contract 237 to build up. "I'm I afraid of it," said Turner; "that wicket isi beautiful.:' The little rain of the morning, in fact. had pulled it together, and the batemen had rnnob the best of the conditions in that respct. Gradually the secore grew bigger, until it seemed quite hopeless to try and get the batsmen out. They had the bowling fairly collared, that was the troth of it. Jost before lunch Bruce bowled several good overse: his peculiar knack of bowling round the wicket and eaending the bal in slaotwise, but dead on, puzz!ed both Brows and Ward, and. Indeed, the ierthander and M'Kibbin and Harry Trott were about the only bowlers able to do a little to check the aggressiveness of the batemen. For the last two overs before the adjourmest Giffen tried a new combination, Lyons and Harry Trott. Late last night Lyons fsocetiously brought his bowling feat againset Victoria here the other day to the memory of Gifen. "Dent ycu forget that I'm a bowler here." be said. "It's itke ABO to me on this grouad-5 for 25, yen know." To'day Ciffun put him on, but only for one over, which was a very good one, and ocst two rnns. DURING the lanch hour, when the score was at 146, the friends of the Australians peneively whistled "Sweet Marie." which foolish tane two boy fiddlers ecraped at all day t3 the seriones looonvenience of the spectatore. But thbe cricketers themselves were gay enough, and made a great jtke of having their photo. graphs taken in a groip. " Why don't you get them out "' a man asked A. Trott at lunch. "Get them out 1" he said. " We'd get them onut, only they won't go. Don't know wby they won't," he added thoughtfully, "I'm sure the bowling's good enough." TnE howling was notgood enough, however, and that weas the trouble. The batsmen could not be parted till the total was at 238, aod the ending of the match easurred. Even after that oolonial enthusinasm would not die out, and one sportive Englishman pouched four or five shillings by backing his ooontryman at a £ to 8d. when they only wanted 57 and had eight wickets to get them with, For the rest the match was uneventful ensoough. Ward was at last beaten by Harry Trott, who thus got two out of the four wickets taken, and richly deserved them. Peeland Maolsren put on the 1t rune that were wanted. T'? weakness in the Australian bowling greatly acooounted for the victory of the Englishmen. Oar bowlers were too mooh alike. Atbhort Trott is the only one of them who had any considerable speed, but his best ball is the slow one. Except that M'tibbin's methods are peculiar, yoa might esy that when one was oollared all were ollared. Theground fielding was good enough-for anything and the crowd cheered again and again. Gregory, 3f'Kibbis, Albert Trott, and Iredale aved runs by sheer, brilliant, desperate vigilanoe ; but the bowling was invincibly weak,.and the bowlers did not, as a rle, play np to' form. "They're bowling tripe," a prominent inter. oolonial player said to me: "not one of thease men lis able to get a lengtb." Oiffen bowled very poorly at times, and, indeed, has been disappointing in that respect all through thb match. Iredale summed upthe poslitonpretty succincotly. "I think we want a few more bowlers," he said. "' M'Kibbin' fsldidng," says a notice outside the Argun oioe, "was amongst the most brilliant seen cn the Mel. bourne ground." Wmnt the captains met after the play there wasa sentimental little scene, Gisen, bwho obvioeusly repelled his defeati tendered his warm uongratulationa to Stoddart, "ThougPh it's hard to have to obngratnlate yoen, Stoddert," he said, with a pale smile. "I kntaow it must be,' 8toddart replied, a they gripped hands. A the spesecoh making Giffan did not be. grudge the Englishmen the victory, besosuse, though we are not English, "we aresproum t from a grand old trunk." His hopes had bessen high on the previous night, when, as matter of. fact, be did not think the English score would best 200, though he'did not'sayso ; but all bhe could do now was to hope thats some. fatsre Austrelito team woeuld turn the tahbles on English soil. There was a pansse jast then, p?ad the AnstraliaEn captain blarted out, good hnmonredly, " Well, genWtmsn, you'll ecanse me; but the fact is, I prepared a winning spreeh." Tat following table shows the total batting and bowling reoords of the teams: ELTrxoeo. Total No. Wkte. Base. Lost. Aversge. Australia .. 2822 90 81"'2 England .. 2399 91 25649 Total No. Wkts. Cost BRons. Captared, p. Wkt. Australia ... 2270 03 2447 Eongland ... 27156 86 823 Erar thonsand nine hundred and slxty-fivr people-to be striotly oneoientioneu- paid for admission to the ground on the last day of the test match,rand 5808 ame to the reserves, the money taken at the gnes being. £570 14, Altogether the total attendanoe for the matob was 103,6.6, of which 63,642 paid for admission, the total takings benlog £.003 14s--the largest anm ever taken for a o:ioket matbch. Before the match started Major Wardll was sanguine that the takings would be £4000, and was muoh pleased to find his estimate realised. The promoters of the team -the Major and Mr. Phil Shridan-explai?n that they have just turagud thp corner, and as they have been doing that for some time past the foot must be taken as established. THr BaEcaratl Courier of the 7th nlstant. in referrink to the finish of the fifth telst match, eays :-The Australian bowling was a bit of, thbe Englieh bating decidedly on, and roast beef and plum pudding dished metton and damper. In the homely vernaoolar of one enthusiasntio Londoner, "the kangaroo fell in the soup." But he'll come again, and the "a hen" will snos more be brought from Marylebone to Australia. Tor same paper says :--The most intone excitement prevailed jesberday afternoon in the Mining ExBohsage ball toward?l the close of the international test orioket matcb, and buni ness was almost entirely sunpended in eager. ness to learn the probable result. On the on nOunoement being made that Brown had made the top score for the Englishmen, and had thereby won one of Mr. J. A. Chalk's presents tion bats, a beartyoheer was givenfor the donor. At the last meeting of the rExohange, the mem bare felt that the matcoh would be docided be fore being relieved from the room, but, daring the "reading of the list," information was con veyed to the chsirman, by a messalenger from the Courier offioe, that the Englishmen had won by six wiokets. Th enthusalum of the partisans of the English team found voice in ringing cheers; and one of the members of the xehange, Mr. W. Morroll (a thorough Eng libhman), flourishing the Union Jack flag on high, commenced the old song, "Role Britasn nia," with a vigour and verve never to be for gotten, nearly all the members joining in the aborne, the refrain of whihob was altered to " Briton. never, never, never shall be boat." hObeere were then given for both teams, and at the termination of the Exobhange meeting a prooession took plasoe in the hall, when one of thbe Aetralian members produced the flog of tbhe 8ohthern Crose, and, arm-in-arm, the re preseotatives of England and Ausetralia pro. menaded the hall together, on the best of terms, perfectly satisfied with the resunlt of the "great matoh," and pleased that, aLthough beaten, the Australian team had well main taiosed its reputation, and done its best to win. 