TALES m® SKETCHES. SOUS OF FIRE. v.;,.'' By MISS BRADDON, Actiiok of " Lady Audley's Shoret," " The ' Fatal Three," " The Day Witt Comb," : ;',"Thb Dootob's Wife," "Thod Art the Mae I"&a; Alt MOOTS RESERVED. \- Chapter III.— A Home of Ancient Peace. The hunting was nearly ovor by the time Allan Caren had establiahrd himself at Becoh- hurat and completed hie etud. The selection of half a dozon hunters had given him an excuse for running up to Londou once or twice a wcok ; ana 110 naa iouna vue convenienco or express trains between Salisbury end Waterloo as com pared with the slow and scanty train eervioe between Fendyko and Cambridge, which made a journey from his native village a trial of youthful pnticnco, London was full of pleasant people at this aftor-Easter season, so Allen took his time at Tattersall's, saw his friends, dined them, or dined with them, at those clubs which young men most alfcot, went to his favorite theatres, rode in tho park, and saw a race or two at Sandown, ell in the prooeea of buying his horsos. but at last the atud was oompleto, and bis stud groom, a man no uau orougnc irom isuuont, the man who taught him to ride, had shaken a wise head, and toid his young master to stop buying. \- " You've got just as many as you can use, Mr. Allan," bo said, " and if you buy nnothor . one, it 'ud mean another b'y and we shall have b'ya enough for me to keep in order as it is." So Allan held bis hand. "And now I am n oonntry gentleman," bo said, " and I must go and live on my noros." Everybody in tho nolghborhood wanted to know him. He was under none of tho disad vantages of tho now man about whom people have to ask each other, " Who is he 2" He came to Mfttoiinm with the bast possiblo cre dentials. His father was a man of old family, against wboso name no evil thing had evor been written. His mother was an earl s daughter ; and the estate wbioh was his had been loft him by a man whose memory was respected in tho neighborhood — a man of easy temper and open band, a kind master, and a stanch friend. Allan found his hall tablo covered with cards when ho returned from his London holiday, and he was ocoupiod for the next fortnight in return ing the - calls that had been made for the moat part In his absence. To a shy yoang man this business of returning calls in an unknown land would have boon torrible — invading unfamiliar drawingrooms, and seeing strange faces, wondor- ing which of two matrons was bis hostess and whioh the friend or sister in law — an ordeal as awful as any mediaeval torture ; but Allan was not shy, and he acoepted tho situation with a winning caso whioh pleased everybody. Whoa he blundered — and his blunders waro rare — he laughed at his mistake, and turned it into a jest that served to holp through tho first five minutes of small talk. He hod a quick eye, and In a room full of people saw at a glanoe the wolooming smile and extendod hand which marked his hostess. "Quite an acquisition to the neighborhood," said everybody, and the mothers of marriageable daughters were as eagor to improve the acquaintance as Jano Aus ten's inimitable Mrs. Bennett was to cultivate tho irreproaohable Binglsy. In the course of that round of visits Allan contrived to find oat a good deal about tbe neighborhood whioh was henceforth to bo his home. Ho discovered that it was, above ail, a hunt ing neighborhood ; hut that it was also a shoot ing neighborhood ; aud that there was bad blood between the men who wanted to preserve pheasant and the men who wanted to hunt foxes. From the point of view of tho rights of property, the shooters would appoar to be in the right, since they only wanted to feed and foster birds on their own land ; whilo the hunting man— wore he but the season ticket holding aollotor from Bloomabary — wanted to hunt his fox over land which belonged to another man, and to Bpoil that other man's costly sport in tbo pursuit of a pleasure whieh cost him, the season tiokot holder, at most a stingy subscrip tion to tho hunt ho affected. But, on the other hand, hunting is a Htriotiy national sport, and shooting is a selflBh hole and corner kind of pleasure ; so tho hunting men claimed im memorial rights and privileges as against the ownors of woods and copses, and hatchers of pheasants. Allan found another and more universal sport also in the ascendant at Matcbam. The neigh borhood has taken lately to golf, and that game had found favor with old and young of both sexes. Everybody could not hunt, but every body oeuld play golf, or, at least, look on from a respeotful distance while golf waa being played. The golf links on Mateham Common had therefore becomo tho most popular institu tion in the neighborhood, and pooplo camo from afar to see tho yoang ladies of Mateham oontest for the bangles and photograph frames tho golf olnb offered as tho reward of tho strong arm and tho aoaurate eyo. Allan, who oould turn his hand to most things in the way of physioal oxeroisc, was able to hold his own with the mombcrd of the golf club, and pesdily bsoame a familiar figure on tho iinks. Here, as olsewbsre, ho met peopio who told him ho was like Gooffrey Wornook, and who praised Wornook's skill at golf just as other people had praised his riding or his shootiug. "He seems to bo something of a Oriahton, thiB Wornook of yours," Allan said sometimes, with a suspioion of annoyanae. _ He was sick of being told of his likoneas to this man whom he had never seen— weary of ' hearing tbo likeness disousBed in his presence ; weary of being told that tho resemblance waB in expression rather than in actual feature ; that there was an indefinable something in bis faoo wbioh recall Lai Womook in an absolutely start ling manner ; whilo the detaiisuf that fees taken separately were in many rcspccta unlike Wor- noek'u face. " Yet it is more than what is generally oailed a family likeness," said Mrs. Mornington of the Grove, a pcrsonogo in the neighborhood, and tho oleveiost woman among Allan's now ncqnnintanoes. "It is the individuality, the life and movement of tho face, that are tbo same, Tho likeness is a likeness of light and sbado rather than of line and color." There was a curious feeling in Allan's mind by tho time this kind of tiling bad been said to him in different forma of speech by nearly everybody lio know in Mateham — a feeling which was pnrtly irritation, party interest in tho man whoeo outward likoncss to hiroHelf might be allied with somo identity of mind and inclinations. " I wonder whether I shall like him very much, or hate him very muoh," ha said to Mrs. Mornington. 11 1 feel sure I must do one or the other." "You oannot help liking him. Ho is not tho kind of man for anyono to hate," answered tho lady, quickly ; and tlion, growing suddenly thoughtful, she added "You may liud a some thing wanting in his obaraotor, porhaps ; but you cannot dislike him. Ho is thoroughly like able. " " 'What is tho somothing wanting whioh yon have found 2" " I did not say I had found — " "Oh, but yon would not have suggested thatl might discover the weak spot if you had not found it yourself I" "You are as searohing as a cross-examining oouimol," said Mrs. Mornington, laughing at him. "Well, I will be perfcotly frank with you. To my mind. Geoffrey's oliaracter suffors from tho fault whioh doctors— speaking of a patient's pbysionl condition— call want of tone. There is want of montal tone in Gcoffroy. I havo known him from a boy. I like bim; I Eton together. I havo seen more of him perhaps than anyone else in tho neighborhood. I like him— I am sorry for him." " Why sorry 2 Has ho not all the good things of this world 2" " Not all. He lost his father before ho was 5 years old ; and his mother Is, I fear, n poor oreaturo." "Ecoentrio, I understand." " Lamentably oo— a woman who isolates her self from all the peopio whose society would do- her good, and who opens her door to nny spirit- rapping charlatan whoso trioks bcoomo publio talk. Poor thing ! One ought to be angry with' bcr, but it is provoking to seo such a place as Disaomba in the possession of a woman wjjo.is utterly unable to fill the position to which She has been elevated." \ "Who was Mrs. Wornook before she became Mrs. Wornook 2 I havo heard hints ." 11 Von. tind vrm nrn nnvav Mlralv fn nxnrn than bints," retortod Mrs. Mornington, im patiently. "Nobody in this neighborhood knows who Mrs. Wornook was. No oronturc of her kith or kin has ever been seen at Dis- oorabc. I don't BuppoBe her sun knows any thing more of her antecedents than you or L Old Squiro Wornook left Diicombe about eevau and twenty years ago to drink the waters of some obseure spring in Bohemia— a place nobody horoabouts had ever heard of. He was past 60 when he sot out on that journey, a con firmed baoholor. One would as soon have ex- peaicd him to bring bnck tho moon as to bring a wife, but to tho utter etiipofaction of all his friends and acquaintances lie roturncd with a protty looking delicate young creature he had married in Germany— at Dresden, I believe— UUU W11U 1UUKVU uiuuu I1IUIU JIKU uyillg WIVUIU tho next fivo years than he did." "Did be introdnco her to his neighbors? Was she well received 2" "Oil, she was received well enough. Mr. Wornook was not tho kind of man to marry a disreputable person. Peopio took hor on trust. She seemed painfully sby, end her ouly merit in eociety was that she Bang very prettily. Evorybody called upon her, but sue did not respond warmly to our advances ; and about 6 months after hor marriage thero wero rumors of an alarming kind about bcr health — hor mental health. Our own good littlo dootor, door old Mr. Podmore, who had attonded throe genera tions of Warnooks, shook his head when he was questioned about hor. 'Was it sorious?' people aaked — for I suppose you know that in a neighborhood as rustic as ours if tho dootor's carriage is seen at a particular house very often people will ask quoetious of that dootor. Yov, it was vory serious. Wo nevar got boyond that. Mr, Podmore was loyal to bis patient, foudly as he loves a gossip. By-and-bye wo heard that Sir. Wornook had taken his young wife off to Switzerland. Ho, who in his earlier life had seemed rooted to the soil, was off again to tho Continent, and DiBoombs was shut up onoc more. I'm afraid we nil hated poor Mrs. Wornook. fn a neighborhood like ours ono detests anybody who disturbs the pleasant order of daily life. Dinners and hunt ing broakfasts st Disoombs were an alomont in our daily lives, and we resented their oossa- tion. When I say we, I mean, of course, our men folk." " Wero yonr men folk long doprived of Mr. Wornook's hospitalities?" "For ovor," answered Mrs. Mornington, solemnly. ' Tho Wornooks had only been gone half a yoar or ao when wo read the announce ment of a eon and heir, barn at Grindelwald in tho depth of winter. A nioo plaoo for the future owner of DiBcomba to bo born in— Grin- delwald — at tho sign of the Bear I Wo were all indignant at the absurdity of tbe tiling. This oomes of an old man marrying a nobody, wo all said. Well, Mr. Carow, it was nges before saw anything moro of the Wornooks. Geoffroy must have been three or four yoais old when Ilia father and mother brought him to the house in whicli lie ought to havo been born — a poor littlo fragiia Frenohiiied objeot, hanging on to a Frenoh tonne, and speaking nothing lint French. Not one sentence of bie native tonguo did tbo littlo wretch utter for a year or two after he appearod amongst us." Allan laughed heartily at Mrs. Mornington's indignant recitnl of this ancient history. Her disgust was at fresh and as vigorous as if she wore describing the ovonts of yesterday. "Was ho a nioo oliild?" ho asked, when they had both had tboir laugh. "Nice? Well, yes, he was nice, just os a French poodle is nioo. He was very aetivo and intelligant — hyper-active, hypor-intelligent. Ho frightened mo. But tho Wornooks and tho jforningtons had been oloso friends from genera tion to generation, so I could not help taking an Interest in the brat, and I would have been a cordial friend of tho brat's motlior, for poor old Wornook's sake, if she would liava let mo. But slio wouldn't or she couldn't respond to a sensible, mattor of faot woman's friondly ndvanooe. Tho poor tiling was in tbo clouds then, and sbo is in tho clouds now. Slio lias novor oome down to earth. Music, spirit rap ping, thought reading, slate writing— what enn ono expcot of a woman who gives all her mind to snoh things ns thoso 2— a woman who lots her housekeeper manage everything from oellar to garrot, and who has no will of her own in her garden irnd hothouses? I have . known Mm. Wornook seven anil twenty years, 'and I know no more of her now than I knew when sho oamo aetrnngcrto Discombe.. I call upon her three or.four timca a yenr, and olio returns my calls, and sits in my drawingroom for 20 minutes or so looking miserable and longing to go. What oan ono do. with ouch a woman 2" . " Is it slioer stupidity, do you think ?" " Stupidity ! No, I think not. She bas any thing bnt a stupid expression of countenance. She has an air of spirituality, as of a nature abovo the common world, which cannot come down to common things. I am told that in music sho'is really a genius j that iier powers of oritiaism and appreciation aro of the highest order. She plays exquisitely, both organ and piano, She has, or had, a heavenly soprano voice; but I havo not hoard hor sing aiuoo Gooffroy'a birth." "She must bo interesting," said Allan, with conviction. " Slio is interesting— only sho won't lot ono bo iuterestod in her." " Can one get a look at hor 1 Does she go to Matoham Church 2" " Never. That is nnother of her eccentrioi- tics. She either goes to that funny little old ohuioh you may havo notiocd right among the fields— Filbury Parish Church — nearly aix miles from Discombe, or alio drives 13 miles to Salis bury Cathedral. I believe she sometimes plays tbe organ at Filbury. The organ waa her gift by tho way. They had only a wrotolied har monium when sho came to Discombe." " I shall go to Filbury Church next Sunday," Baid Allan. "Shall you 2 I hope you are not forgetting the lapse of time. This interesting widow is only interssting from a psychological standpoint, remember. She must be five and forty yoars of age. Not even Cleopatra would havo been interesting at 45." " I am under no hallucination as to tho lady's age. I want to seo tho mother of Gooffrey Wornock. It is Geoffrey Wornook in whom I am interested." " Egotistical person ! Only because Geoffrey is like you." "Is thero any man living who would not be " Ah, but ho is not yoar double ! Tho village mind is given to exaggeration. Ho has not your firm ohin. nor yonr thoughtful brow. His face is a reminiscenco of yours. It is weaker in every characteristic, in every line. You are the substance, ho the reflection." "Now, you are laughing at my egotism, and developing my vanity." " No, behove me, no !" protested Mrs. Mornington, gaily. "I eeo yon both with all your defeots and qnalitios. You liaTO the stronger oharaoter, bat you have not Geoffrey's Jaioinnting personality. His very faults are at- jtrgotlve. He ja by no means offsminato ; yot :tUor'a ii'something, womanish in his nature which makes women fond-of him. He has inherited his mother's sdiisftivp, dreamy temperament, I feel enrobe would set a ghost if there wore ono in the 'neighborhood! The ghost would go to him iiutinotively,iaa.aoga go unbidden to certain naflnlAUiinn>iif.lmM/'Fn nannta wlin rlnn'f. nnra about iliom ; \yhiio the genuine dog lovor may bo doing his Mat to attraot bow-wow a attention, aud failing ignoraimoualy." " Every word you say increases my intorcat in Mr. "Wornook. In a neighborhood like this, whoro overybody is sensible and oommonpl&oo; and conventional, excopting always your brilliant self"— Mrs. Mornington nodded, and put hirfoet on tbo fender—1 " it is so delightful to meet someone who doos not raovo just on tbo common lines, and is not worked by tho oomraon raaohinory." "You will iind nothing oommon about Geoffrey," said the lady. M I have known him ftinco ho was a littlo whito boy in a blaok velvet suit, and ho was just as enigmatical to mo the dny he left for Bombay as ho was on his seventh nirtnuay. 1 Know tnac no nas winning manners, and that I am very fond of him ; and that is all I know about him." Allan drove to Filbury on tbo following Sun day, and was in his place in tho little old parish ohurch ten minutes beforo tho service began. The high oak pews wero not favorable to his getting a good viow of the congregation, since, when seated, tho top of his hoad was only on a level with the top of hia pew ; but by leaving the door of tho pew ajar ho contrived to seo Mrs. Wornook as alio went up tho narrow aisle — navo there was none, tho pews forming a solid square in tho centre of the ohurch. Yes, he was assurod that slim, graceful figure in a plain grey oasli- more gowu aud groy stray/ bonnet must be Mrs. Wornock and no other. Indeed, tho inferenoo was oasily arrived at, for tho rest of tho con gregation belonged obviously to the amall tenant farmer and agricultural laborer class — tho womenfolk homely and ruddy cheeked, the men pouderous, and ill at easo in their Sunday olothco. Tho lady in the groy gown made her way quiotly to a pow that occupied the angle of the ohuroh nearest to tho pulpit and reading desk —the old threo (looker nrrangomeut, for clerk, parson and preaohor. Mr. Wornock was patron of the living of Filbury and Discombe, and this largo pow had belonged to the Wornooks ever since the rebuilding of the ohuroh in Charles tho Second's reign, a year or two after tho manor house was built, when tho estate, whioh had hitherto been an outlying possession of tbe Wor nooks, became their placo of residence and most important property. Allan could seo only tho lady's profile from his plaoo in tho body of tho ohuroh— a dolioato profile, worn as if with long years of thought- fulness ; a sweet, sad face that b&u; loat all freshnoss of ooloring, but had gainod tho spiritual beauty which grows in thought aud solitude, whore thero are no vulgar cares to haras and vex the mind. A pensive peaceful- noas was the ohiof characteristic of the face, Allan thought, whon tbe lady turned towards the organ during tho To Doum, listening to the village voices, which sang truor than village voices gonorally do. Allan submitted to tho slow torture of a very long sormon about nothing particular on a taxt in Nohomiaii, whioh suggested not tho faintoBt bearing on the Christian life— a sermon pro&chcd; by nn elderly gontleman in a black silk gown, whoso eloquonco would havo been moro impras- slvo had his falso teeth been a better fit. After the sermon thoro was a hymn, and the old- fashioned plate was carried round by a blaok- smith, whom Allan recognised as a man who had fastened his hunter's shoe one day At a little forgo on the outskirts of Filbury in the midst of a run ; and then tho little congregation quietly dispersed, after an exchange of friendly grootings botwoeu the ohuroh door and the lyoh gate. Allan s gig was waiting for him near tho gate, and a Victoria, on whioh hs recugninod the Wornook oreat — a dolphin crownod — stood in the shade of a row of limes whioh markod tho boundary of the vicarage garden. Allan waited a little, expecting to soe Mrs. Wornook oome out, and then, an sho did not appear, ho ro- entered the ohurohyard, and strayed among moss mantled tombstones, reading tho village nameu, tho village histories of birth and death, musing as he read upon tho long oventloas years whioh mako tho sum of rustio livos. Tho puro blue sky, tho perfume of a bean field in flower, the hawthorns in undulating massos of snowy blossom, and horo and thero, in tho angles of tho meadows, the heaped up gold of furzo busheo that waro moro blaotn than bush— all thoso made life to- day a sensuous delight which exftoted no quostiouings of the iutollcot, suggested no dnubt as to the bliss of living. If it were always thus— a crust of broad and cheeso under such a sky, a bod in tbo hollow of yonder bank between bean field and clover, would suffice for a man's oontont, Allan thought, as he stood on a knoll in God's acre, and loosed down upon tho meadows that roso aud fall over ridge and hollow with gentle undulations botwoen Filbury and Dlacorabe. What had beoomo of Mrs. Wornock? Ho had mado the oirouit of the burial ground, pausing often to read an opitapb, but nover relaxing his watchfulness of the oarrlago yonder, waiting under the limes. The caniago was thero still, and thore was no sign of Mrs. Wornook. Was there a celebration ? No j ho had seen all the congregation leavo the church, exoept the mis tress of that curtained pow in tho corner near tho pulpit. Presently the broad strong chords of a prelude wero poured out upon tho Btill air— a prelude by SobnBtian Bach, masterful, imposing, followed by a fugue, whoso delicate intrioaolos wero ex quisitely rendered by tho player. Standing in the sunshino listening to that grand muslo, Allan remembered what Mrs. Mornington bad. told him. The player was Mrs. Wornock. Ho had seen tho professional organist and schoolmaster leave tho ohuroh with his flook of village boys, Mrs. Wornook had lingered in the ohuroh to gratify herself with tho musto she loved. He sauntered and loitered near the open window, listening to the music for nearly an hour. Then the organ sounds molted away in ono last long rallontando, and presently ho heard tho heavy, old key turn in tho heavy old look, and the lady in groy oamo slowly along tho path to thelyohgate, followedbyaclumsyboy, wholooked like a smaller edition of tho bl&okanuth;, Allan stood within a few yards of tho pathway to seo her go by, hoping to bo himself unobserved, toreenad by tho anglo of an old monument, whore rust bad oaten away the ratling, and moss and lichen had enorustedtho pompous Latin epitaph, whilo tho dense growth of ivy had muffled tho funeral urn. Here, in tho shadow of ostontation's futile monument, ho waited for that slender and still youthful form to pass. In figure, the willow of 20 years looked like n girl, anil tho Inc. whioh turned quiokiy towards Allan, bcr keen ear having caught tho rustio of tho long grass under his tread, had the delicaoy of outline and transparent fairness of youth. Tho check had lost its girliBh roundness, and the largo grey eyo was somewhat sunken beneath the thoughtful brow. Involuntarily Allan recalled u long familiar line — Thy choek is pale with thought and not with care. That expression of tranquil thoughtfuluoss ehangod in an instant as sho looked at him ; changed to astonishment, interrogation, whioh gradually softened to a grave curiosity, an anxiouB sorutiny. Thon, as if becoming suddenly aware of hor breach of good raannors, tho heavy oyolids sank, and a faint blush colored the thin cheeks, and Bhe hurried onward to the gats whoro hor aarriago had drawn np in readiness for her. Hor footman, in a sober brown livery, was holding th gate open for hor. Her horses were shaking their bridles. She stepped lightly into the Victoria, nodded nn adieu to the school boy who bad blown the organ bellows, and vanished into tho leafy distanoe of the lane. " So that is my double's mother. An inter esting faee, a graceful figure, and a lady to the tips of hor fingers. Whether she is aounty or not county, Geoffrey Wornook haB no cause to be ashamed of his mother. Nothing would induoe me to think ill of that woman." Ho hrooded on that startled expression whioh had flaahod aorosa Mrs. Wornook's face as sho looked at him. Clearly she, too, had seen the likeness whioh he bore to hor son. "I wonder whether it pains her to bo re- mimlorl nF him whon ha ifl far A WAV. " oinoulated Allan, " or whether she fools kindly towards me for the sake of that absent son 2" This question of his was ansWcred three days Inter by tho lady's own hand. Among tho lcttors on Allan's breakfast table on AVednosdsy morning there was ono in a strange penmanship, whioh took his broatli away, for on tho envelope in a bold brown letters appeared the address, Diecombo Manor. He thrust all his othor letters nsido— those uninteresting letters which bosiego the man who is supposed to havo money to spend, from tradesmen who want to work for him, oharities who want to do good for him, stook jobbers who want to speonlato for him — tbo whoio raao of spidors in quoBb of tho worried fly. Ho toro open the letter from Disoombs Manor, aud oagorly devoured the following lines : — " Dear Sir, — Peopio tell mo that you aro kind and amiable, and I am emboldened by this assuranao to ask you a favor. Etiquette forbidB mo to oall upon you, and ao I rarely visit any body I have no opportunity of meeting you casually in tho houses of othor people, but you oan, if you like, gratify n solitary woman by letting her mako your acquaintance in her own house ; and perhaps when my son comes home on loave the aaquaintanco so begun may ripen into friendship. I dare say peopio have told you that you are like him, and you will hardly wonder at my wishing to soo more of a faoo that reminds mo of my noarest and dearest, I am gonerolly at home in tho afternoon. Vory truly yours, B. Wornock." " E. Wornook !" ho repoatad, studying tho signature. "Why no Christian namo? And what is tho namo whioh that initial represents? Eliza, perhaps— and alio sinks it, thinking it oommon nnu nouss maiuisu — xorgetcing now Ban Jonson, by that honso maidish name, does designate the most glorious of queons. Possibly Ellen— a milk and wator name, with loss of dignity than Eliza ; or Emily, my mother's namo— graceful but somewhat colorless, I have never thought it good onough for so fine a oharaoter as my mother. Sho should have beon ICftthorino or Margarot, Gertvudo. or Barbara, names that havo a fulness of sound which im plies fulness of moaning. I will aall at Dis- oombe Manor thiii afternoon. Delay would he to tho last degree ohurlish— and I want to see what Goofrey Wornook's home is like!" ' The afternoon was warm and nunhy, and Allan mado a leisurely oirouit of tho chase and park of Diecombo on his way to Mrs. Wornook's house. Tho beauty of tho Manor ooniistod as muoh in the perfection of dotail as in the grandeur of tho mansion or the oxtont of gardens and park. The mansion was not strikingly arohitcotuul nor even strikingly pioturosquo. It was a sober old briok house, with a high, tiled, roof and level rows of windows— those of tho upper etory wero the original latticos of 1664, tho date of tho house ; but on tho lower floors mullions and lattices had givon plnce to long Frenoli windows, of a uniForm unpieturosquo flatness, opening on a broad gravel walk, beyond whioli tho smooth Bliavon grass slopod gently to tho eclga of a moat, for Mrs. Wornook's honso was ono of those moated manor houses af whioh thore are so fow ioft in tho south of England. Tho gardens Burronnding the grave looking Carolina house hnd attained tho ideal of hortiouiturai beauty under mnny generations of garden lovers,'' tiro ideal of old fashioned beauty, be it understood ; tho bounty of olipped hedges and sunk lawns, walls of ilox and of yew, solemn avenuos of obelisk. shaped conifers, labyrinths, niches, temples and arcades of roses, tennis lawns and bowling grconn, broad borders of old fashioned porennials, clomps and masse- of vivid color, placed with art that seemed acoidoul'al whorovor a spot of bright color was wanted to roiievo tho verdant monotony. If tho gardens wore porfeot, the house, farm and cottages wero even moro attraotivo in their arcadian graao. Quaint roofs and massive ohimnsy staoks, lattices, porohes, sundials, of a day that is dead, gardens that aro brimming over with flowers, trimmod pathways, shining panes, ovorywhoro a spotless oleanliness, a wealth of foliage, an air of prosperous fatness, boohlves, poultry, cattle, all the signs and - tokens of dependants for whom muoh is done, and whose ilwollingB flourish at somebody else's expense. Allan noted the cottages whioh boro the Wornook " W " above tho data of tho building —he noted thorn but lost oouat of their number— keeper's lodges in tbe woodland whioh skirted the park— gardeners' or dairymen's oottagce at ovary park gate ; farmhouse and bailiff's house ; cottages for coachmen and ' helpors. At every available angle, roof and quaint old chimney stack could make a pictures que feature in tbe landscape, a cottage bail been placed, and the number of theso ideal dwellings suggested torritorial importanoo in a manner mora obvious than any effect made by the moro oxtont of acreage, a thing that is talked about but not seen. Disoombs ohaso, Dinoombo lodges, and tho vitiaga and school houses of Discombe were obvious faots whioh - impressed the strangor. The swoetljr pensive faoe of Mrs. Wornooki had slain the viper envy in Allon's breast. When first he rode through thoso woods and over those undulating pastures and by those gables em bowered in roses and wisteria, or starred with tho pale bluo olematis, ho had felt a certain Bour discontent with his own good fortune, about whioh peopio, from his mother down to' tho acquaintance of yesterday, prattled and prosed so officiously. Ho was sick of hearing liimself called a lnoky fellow. Luok, forsooth I " what was his luok compared with Geoffrey Wornook's? That a bachelor unole of his, having scraped together a modest little fortune, ' and, not being able to aarry it with him to the nstiier world, should have passed it on to him, Aiian, was nor nncn a strange event as to warrant tho running oommontary of congratula tion that had assailed his ear ever sinoe hocama to Matcliam. No one congratulated Geoffrey Wornock. Nobody talked of his good lnok. Ho hud been born in tho purple, and people spoke of him as of ono having a divine right to the best things that earth aan give— to a Oarolian mansion, and chase and park, and wide spread ing farms. Thero soemed to Allan Oarow's self-' consciousness an implied disparagement of him self in the tone which Matoham people took' aboat Gcoffroy Wornook. They in a manner congratulated him on his likeness to the lord of' Diseombe Manor, and insinuated that he ought to be proud of himsolf because of this resem blance to tbo iooal magnate. To-day, howover, Allan forgot all thoso infinitesimal vexations whioh in the beginning of his resilience at Matoham had made the name of Wornook odious to him. His thoughts were full heavy eyollds, tho somowhat siokly transparency of complexion, thelargeviolet oysB, whioh lit up tho whole face as with a light that is not of this world. It was tho most spiritual countenance ho had ever seon — tho first face whioh had ever suggested to him tho epithet ethereal. Ha remembered what sooiety bed told him about Mrs. Wornock ; her encouragement of spirit rapping people and thought reading people, and ovory phase of modern super- naturalism ; her passion for mueio— a passion so absorbing as almost to pass tho borderline of sanity ; at loost in the opinion of the common place eane. Ho wondorcd no longer that such a woman bad held hersolf aloof from the bant ing, and shooting, and dinner giving, and ted drinking population, seattored within a radius vi oigubui veu iiiiiei ut jisisuuiliue , vuu jjeupio' with whom, bad she lired the conventional life of the conventional rural lady, she would havo- boon on intimato tormi, Sho was among them, but not of them, Allan told himself. " Surely I am not in iovo with a woman old enough to be my mother !" ho thought, between, jest and oaraost, ns he drovo up to the houso "I havo not thought so persistently of any woman since the dean's protty daughter, fairest and last of my calf loves." Ho was not wholly in jeBt, for during tho last threo days tho lady's imago had haunted him' with an insistenoy that bordered on "posses sion" It was as if thoso dark grey eyes had cast n'spoll upon him, and'as if ho must needs wait until the enchantress who held him in her mystio bands should deign unweave her mystery and sot his thoughts at liberty The hall door stood open to tho summer air and tho afternoon sun. A large blaok poodle, ' with an air of incllablo wisdom, was Btretobed near the threshold; a liver and white St Bornard sunned his hairy bulk upon tho grass in front of the steps ; and on the broad terrace to the right of tbe houso a peacook spread the rainbow splendor of his tail, and strutted in stately slowness towards the sun "Houso and garden belong to fairyland," thought Allan. "Tho enchantress haB but to wave hor wand and fix tho pioturo for a century. We may have extended tho limit of human life a hundred years hence, and Mrs. Wornook's age may count as girlhood, when some gay young prinoe of fifty-five shall ride through the tangled woodland to awaken the sleeper. Who oan tell? . 1 Wo know what wo are, but we know not what we may bo.'" (to bb continued). 