Express Messengers. FOR a long tame one of the standing jokes of the American comic press— a press which deals very extensively in standing iokes— has been the 'ex- press messenger.' The express ines ?6enger of the -States is always repre sented by his compatriots as an obese youth, who only runs when he has a 'holiday, and who consequently suffers from his liver; as a person disdaining any sport more active than marbles, which he by choice indulges in when entrusted with important missives. Probably there is a good deal of ex aggeration about this. If the American messenger boy were enquired into and analysed it would most likely be found that the national propensity to 'hus- tle' infected even him; that his giving way to airs of langour when under the eye of critics was more 'pure cussed ness' than natural or acquired sloth. Putting what is probable as to the American services against what is ac tually ascertained as to the New South Wales Government Express Messenger Service, it may safely be guessed that i the New South Wales service .could I give the American services points— in ?deliberation. The American services are company affairs. They have not developed the 'Government stroke;' and for not allowing things to be done with undue precipitation the (iovern ment stroke is unsurpassed. The Go vernment here has .devised a system which happily combines the dolce far niente procedure attributed to the Ame rican messengerofto-daywith the pon derous formality of the British circum locution office of long ago. For the forwarding of an average of two 'Ex- press' messages per diem there is one functionary who receives enquirers and enters messages in a book; there is another who sells stamps. The former of these gentlemen is in communica tion by telephone with some power behind the throne who informs .him, af ter having duly verified all calculations, what distance any given point is from the G.P.O. The same official who communicates witSi the computer of distances and ascertains the exact dis tance In miles and chains that any sub urban street is from George-street, also, after other preliminaries are complet ed, summon by telephone messen gers from the vasty depths of the de partment, and a messenger, thus sum moned, who it may be presumed is of an internal branch, in due course hands the express message to a mounted messenger, who at length starts on his way. Such are the mysterious work ings of government undertakings, the wheels within wheels which enable the civil service to flourish and the tax payer to have a distinct consciousness that he is doing something substantial for the State. It will be noted that the man in Sydney who wants to send an express message must do so from the palatial Central Post Office, and thus has an. opportunity to divert his mind from any pressing business by study ing the beauties of architecture— and carrine: — There lie the steps and here's the dock, Observe the lion and the cock, The spacious court, the colonnade, AiQd mark how wide the hall is made. The New York business man who wishes to send an express message tele phones for an express messenger, and gets him, pays his price, and des patches him 'right away.' But this is a style of going to work which would be detrimental to dignity and inconsis tent with the traditions of a civil ser vice. It is a pity that after all the trouble that the Postmaster-General must have taken to start the Express Messenger. Service with due eclat — by the way, was the extinguishment of the Post Office clock necessitated by these new glories?— the Post Office forces (horse and foot) can be beaten out of sight by an office boy provided with a twopenny tram fare. The Post Office charges a shilling for doing that at which the small boy with twopence can beat it hands down. This is the result for which the country is paying a large and efficient staff, and to at tain which it has had to bring a law case against a private messenger com pany. It does not matter to business people who deliver their messages as long as. such messages are delivered promptly. But if the Government sup presses private enterprise it should re place it by public enterprise, not by elaborate exposition of the art of how not to do it. To settle the people to country pursuits must, Mr. Beid thinks, be the policy of the fatare. That wonia, indeed, be a thoroughly Bound and patriotic policy. The war in which it has been ignored, or else mitdirected, in Australia iB answerable for not a few of the troubles which have been ex perienced of late years. Even in old countries the tendency of populations to congest in towns ;is justly regarded as a grave danger to - the national life. In new countries it is a more serious danger. stilL In raising a warn ing voice against it max Premier has done welL , . . Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday as to the hanging of Mr. Stokes, a British trader, by the Belgians of the Congo Free State, the Eon. George Cnrzon, the Par liamentary Secretary for the Foreign Office, Baid that the Official papers received up to the present failed to show that the case w&s; serious. As .there, does not seem any ques tion that Mr. Stokes was hanged, the ques tion arises, what would Mr. Cnrzon regard as serious. ; With respect to the Government, Che mood in which Mr. M'Millan has returned iq that of a candid friend. ' The Government ha& al ready had some experience' V-f critics who posed in that i.. attitude, though, .as it turned out, with more damage ultimately to -the critics themselves than to the objects of* their enpwfluous solicitude. Mr. M*Miilan ' inay, however, perhaps be the exception to the , rule as to oandidfrie'naH, and really nave Bomething to suggest whiah will not be, .as the wisdom -of «mil«p monitors- usually is, of decided anpleftsantneaa and -vary questionable profit. '?'?? ; :/!'- ??*= --;- -:- ?'?-?'. ? -' ' The well-known lines which Canning is xeported to liave written on^the door of the first IJord Carriticloi*™'- - ' Hbm lives Bob Smith. Billy Pitt made him a peer \- And*ookthopen -'?. e . - 'Frombehind his ear— might be ' modified 4b 'tioit a change of resi dence. Says the *ii)a1l3F%reW8Jt, 'Earl Car- rington lias just purchased from his cousin, ihe ';Earl. ; of ; ,(^ca8fcr, ^ . &i;»y4yr Castle and Park, Carnarvonshire. The castle forma a portion of thehistorio fiwydyr estate which was purchased and ttwtored in the - 3.6th ?csntnry-'^ '? fflJerWith'*WinniB, '.^aiat^gwinia fathwof flte Johk'WjhSBtt.' It -tot Into the family of Eatl Carrington's mother by the marriage of ? . Mary, daughter and heiress of Sir Sichard Wynne, to tbe first Duke of Ancaster. The castle is situated in the' picturesque vale of Conway, and - is bounded on one side by the heights of Gwydyr Ucha aud the old deer forest. Many ancient relics are included in Earl Carrington's purchase, including the coronation chairs of George II. and Queen Caroline, an ancient Woolsack of the House of Lords, and some magnincent carving and tapestry. The Castle is in mnch the same condition as it was in the time of Qneen Elizabeth. The property also includes about 100 acres of park hind bounded by the Conway and its ealmon pools.' The giant blue water-lily of Australia, shipped by Messrs. Searl and Sons, of Sydney, in a block of ice, has reached its destination safely, and will be pre sented, as was intended, to the Queen. Her Majesty will doubtless be duly gratified by this remarkable tribute of loyalty. At the same time it might be regarded as a symbol of astheticism, too, if unfortunately that cult had not happened to have been described of late. ? ' The anarchists in Paris have again been giving note of their presence, and again their efforts have been levelled at the hated capitalist, as represented by the great banking house of Rothschild. The attempt made a little while ago was, as will be remembered, personally directed against the head of the Paris branch of the firm, M. Alphonse Rothschild. It was in the form of a letter, addressed to him, con taining an explosive, which letter, how ever, was opened by his secretary, who, along with other persons, was wounded by its contents. This time the object was apparently to blow up the bank itself, and let chance decide as to. whom the victims should be. Fortunately the movements of the dynamiter were observed, and so closely followed that he was grappled with by a detective with sufficient promptitude to prevent him from carrying out his de sign. The bomb fuse, which he had lit preparatory to Singing the missile, was put out in the struggle to capture him, and he was secured. As has been the case in res pect of most of the crimes with which these anarchist fanatics have been concerned, there is, in connection with the one which has been so happily frustrated, to be re cognised the same reckless indifference as to -what lives might be sacrificed. If the bank had been blown up, it is probable enough it would have meant death to a good many persons who even, according to anarchist ideas, would be regarded as innocent victims. But while the anarchists are awakening to as deadly activity as ever in France, at least as far as intent goes, there also is a revival of Nihilism reported from Russia. From what is briefly said as to the pre cautionary measures adopted by the police authorities in St. Petersburg, it is to be inferred that such exorcism as the Czar Nicholas II. was supposed to have em ployed against the Nihilist spectre has fail ed to banish it, and that it must nave been recognised in a menacing shape again. It has been said that the Czar's father might at any time have laid that ghost by engaging in a foreign war, but that his peaceful instincts, much to his credit, prevailed over any personal con siderations. It remains to be seen whether the son will be equally scrupulous, if it should seem expedient to resort to so des perate a remedy. To judge from appear ances, one would be inclined to think that he will not. 'First catch your hare.' The famous, though it seems apocryphal, exordium, with which Mrs. Glass, of cookery book celebrity, used to be credited, should, in a view of a recent accident, be supplemented with a more practical piece of advice. 'Make sure of your hare before you try to catch it, or rather before you try to kill it,' the suggested maxim might run. Through ne glecting such a precaution that youth at Hill End, the son of Alderman Carver, while they were both out hare shooting, as reported in the 'Evening News,' un fortunately made a target of his father, and injured him severely in the neck and shoulders. 