HUMOUR- Mistress : 4 What did yon do with the mousetrap, Bridget?' Bridget: 4 1 burnt it np, mum. It was attracting all the mice in the house.' Little Georgy— 4 Papa, why do you say that the pen is more powerful than the sword?' Papa — 4 Because you cannot sign cheques with a sword. 4 No, thank you, I'vegotsome ofmy own,' said little Tommy, politely, as the con tribution box paused in front of him on the occasion of his first visit to church. 'What did you get at your lastplaceP New Cook — 4 A box of gloves and several, pieces of nice jewellery; but the lady went through my trunk and recovered them before I got away. MV an# l Whflf. flfrnof /?/\ you live on ?' Witness — 4 On either side. If yon go one way it is on the right side ; if you go the other way it is on the left.' 4 1 don't understand you. A few minutes ago you said Meddlesome was a great busi ness man, and now yon say be doesn't know his own business.' 4 Exactly ; other people's business is his specialty.' ' Have you received an invitation to the bachelors' ball?' 'Yes, indeed. I'm to be the only' girl there.' 4 What !' ' Yes ; really. You know the bachelors only had an invitation apiece to send out, and I've re ceived one from each. 4 1 see,' said Mrs Wickwire, 4 that two million boxes of oranges were frozen on the trees in Florida. I don't understand it. 4 Don't understand it,' echoed Mr. Wick wire. 4 The statement is plain enough.' 4 Yes ; hut do they grow in boxes on the trees ?' Trotter — 4 1 met a very pleasant relative of yourB in the mountains this year. He was very kind too, and lent me ten dollars when I was particularly hard up.' Faster (sadly) — 4 I'm afraid you're mistaken. I haven't got any such relative. 4 I'm so sorry supper isn't ready,' said Mrs. Dinsmore to her husband when he came in. ' I attended the meeting of tbe sewing circle this afternoon, and I couldn't get away.' 4 Hemmed in, were you?' asked her hus band. A little girl, aged nine, called her father to her bedside a few evenings ago and said: ' Papa, I want to nsk yc-ur advice.' 4 Well, my dear, what is it about?' 4 What do you think would be best for you to give me on my birthday next week ? V 4 Mr. Wilkes, your column of 'personal gossip in the last number of your paper was the racieBt tiling 1 know. Where did you got all the information ?' 4 My wife bad tbe Sewing Cirolo at our house last Saturday, and I concealed a phonograph in the room.' 4 1 hope you don't find the amount un reasonable,' said the landlord. 4 Oh no,' was the reply, 4 the amount is very reasonable. What 1 want to know is how many months do you give me to pay it in? Of course, I "YT&Ilfc; £L I6J1SOT\qWa timA f n rvavr n ros snrmlvl A bill.' ' Ho jack : 4 My wife only writes to me once a week while sho is away.' Tomdik : ' Mine writes regularly three times a week.' Ho jack : 4 She must be very fond of you. Tomdik : 4 She is ; and then, I only send her money enough to last two days at a. time.' Mr. Trotter: 4 1 told you that Cholly's. attentions to Emily Brown would never amount to anything.' Mrs. Trotter ; ' Uell, you were wrung again ; they frightened Dick Eraser into pro posing at last, and Emily has accepted hnn. There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. Actors, draughtsmen, dentists an.d mustard plasters ought to draw well, Did the doctor seem to, understand Hicks'' case ? Yos, perfectly ; he collected his money- after each visit.. " " , -M1'- WattsrrDon't yo.q ever do anything at a. ? Weary Watkins-Oh, yes/mum bomeUmes I does time,. Clerk— I'd like (p. get off for a few dure, ttmployer— Business or pleasure?' v1' — Business, I'm. to, be married iA Now York lady baa been prosecuted fty. smoking a cigarottoip tbe streets. The, bv4' is unwise in this. Why interfere with A 