The Holy Water. By Revi G. Wainwright. "Behold; waters issued out from under the threshold of the House," &c.-Ezek.; xlvii, 1-12. The closing chapters' of this book contain a remarkable vision, in which the prophet sees the temple of Jeru salem rebuilt and sacrifices and priest ly worship renewed. Our text makes the vision more remarkable still. Wa ters are seen to issue from the temple, going forth in an eastward direction, eyer increasing in depth, fertilising the desert through which they pass, and finally- emptying themselves into the Salt Sea, whose 'bitterness and death they heal. It is riot surprising , that authorities differ as to the mean ing of this strange vision. But it ' seems to foretell a future for the Is raelitish nation, in which they shall oe cupy a position of highest glory, and shall be the centre from whence blessing shall flow to all nations. But meanwhile this vision is full of significance for us. It sets forth the j truth concerning the Holy Spirit, whose influences are so often compared in the Old Testament and the New to the effect of waters in the desert. We may learn something concerning the source, the increase, and the' ef fects of the Holy Spirit in the life of every individual believer. 1.-THE SOURCE OF THE SPIRIT. Whence does he come to us? The answer "contained in this vision is most suggestive. "Behold," says Ezekiel, "waters issued out from un der the threshold of the house .... and the waters came down from linder the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar" (verse 1). To find their source we must pass into the innermost sanctuary. From the most holy place where V is - the mercy , seat, which is the throne . of the . king, these waters . spring ande-flow thence by "way . of- the altar towards the desert. This re minds us, first, that, we owe to. God himself not only the gift of the Son, .but also of the gift of the Holy Spirit. We are' accustomed to, think milch of the love which ,Mh;the,iulness-of - time ' sent forth the Son made of a Ayoman, made under the law," that by the sacrifice of himself he might redeem j Us from the curse of the law. But the I love which sent forth the Holy Spirit, not to inhabit a holy body specially prepared for him, but to make his perpetual abode in the hearts of sinful men, surely this deserves equal re cognition! Gal. iv., 6. liet us in clude the Holy . Spirit as well as the Son i when we give thanks to God for his unspeakable gift. But note also that the waters came forth by the altar, the place of sacri fice, where the victim accepted by God on behalf of sinful men was offered. Only by that altar can the Holy Spirit; descend to dwell in us. It may be in the heart of God to give the spirit, but the gift will be according to right eousness. Hence it was not until the death, and resurrection, and ascension of Jésus that tlie Holy Ghost could be given. The same truth was' set forth in type in the wilderness. The rock, which was Christ, shàl yield waters to the thirsty Israelites-but when? Not until smitten by the rod of Moses. So it is only from the smitten and wounded heart of: Jesus that the aton ing blood and the life-giving water can flow. It is this explains the words of" John, "The Holy Ghost was not yeti because that Jesus was not yet glori fied." How shall we value a gift coming to us i'roni such a source, and which Jesus valued so highly as to deem it worth his while to die iii order that we might possess it! IL-THE INCREASE OF THE , SPIRIT. The waters rapidly increased Ini depth. After, the first thousand cubits they are to the ankles; after another, thousand they ;are to the knees; after; a third, thousand they are to the loins; after another thousand they become "waters to ;swim in, a river that could not be passed over'' (verses 3-5.) ; / This graphie picture is fulfilled irt tlie increase of the influence and opera tions of the Spirit in the individual be liever. From the first moment when; the Spirit begins , his work within us we may expect a never-ending increase. The ideal Christian life is one of con tinual advance, of endless progression, of ever-increasing fulnesä: of blessing. Our light is to-shine "more and more unto, the perfect, day.1 . Our journey; is frotó "strength to strength." Our - . transformation is to be effected "from glory to glory." We never reach a po sition from which there is no advance. The goal of to-day is the starting post of to-morrow, the summit just gained! becomes the base.of a loftier ascent. What infinite possibilities are ours if the Holy Spirit dwells in us! " Nor need we wonder at this when" we remember that it is the , special work of the Spirit to reveal to us the things of Christ. Is there any end to that revelation? Are not "All the trea sures of wisdom and knowledge hid in him?" Do we not speak of "the unsearchable riches of Christ?" Has it not "Pleased the Father that in him' should all fulness dwell?" With such' a subject as Jesus, and such a teacher as the Holy Spirit, we need not be wading ankle- deep, but may Jose our selves in the unfathomable depths. There is a very important principlei recognised in this increase. The v waters took a course towards the de sert, then turned into the deathlike re gion of the Salt Sea. The need in creased , as the . waters pursued their course; and the. waters increased ac cordingly. They were deeper in the desert than at the temple, and deeper still where they were needed to heal the waters of the sea.. This is theprinr ciple upon which grace always worká, We receive from. God not according.. to merita but according to ackhowled ged need. Conscious emptiness' is the "condition of being filled. He who has no need can obtain no blessing; he whose need is greatest obtains the ful lest supply. "I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon j the dry ground." The poor are filled with good things; the rich are sent empty away. Cultivate a sense of helpless dependence. Dread above anything a condition of self-sufficien cy. Growth does not mean that we become less needy, but rather that we become conscious of deeper need, which leads us to trust for a more abundant supply. III.-THE EFFECTS OF THE SPIRIT. Wherever these waters from the' sanctuary came they produced most remarkable changes. Barrenness gaye place to fertility; desolateness to beau ty;, death to life. Two pictures of these effects are given. (1) The healing of the Salt Sea, ver ses 8-10. What a mysterious "sea that is! Travellers may have exaggerated in their descriptions of its deathlike character. But all efforts, of rece*, authorities only modify somewhat, without materially altering, earlier statements as to its desolate and dreary nature; Little or no verdure is .found;upön ;its banks; few, if any fish, are found inuits waters. L No fishing-, j boats are eyer seen Upon it; and. no fishers spread their nets by its shores. But a change is to take place. Its waters, which have continued unhea led, though the Jordan has poured, into it for centuries, shall be sweetened by * thse waters from the sanctuary. Fish shall abound in it as the fish of the great sea. Fishers shall yet spread nets upon its coasts, the bitterness and loneliness and oppressive stillness of death shall give place to the beauty, and joy and activities of life. That is the effect produced by the spirit in the individual life. His first work is to ' quicken into newness of life those who are "dead in. trespasses- and .sins.V Then as dwelling within, he renews; the spirit of the mind, and clothes the life with all the graces of the Chris tian character. Self gives place to the., new life, In which the fruit of tho spirit appears. - So powerful is his working that the vilest habit, the most obstinate evil, yields before his influ ence. In that part of our life hr which we have most conspicuously) failed, he can obtain his greatest tri umph; Expect great things from the holy spirit, who dwells within you. . ; (2) An effect not less remarkable, is "presented by the trees which grow op. the banks of the river. Of these ta ee® ,we are told-that they are "very many," ¡that they bear new fruit : every month; that their fruit is never consumed, and that their evergreen leaves have a healing virtue (verses 7 and . 12). There is no difficulty in " .*? APPLYING THE METAPHOR, for Scripture frequently compares the righteous to. beautiful and fruitful trees. Behold in these trees what God, by his indwelling spirit, designs to make of your life. If the leaf ;which is the/adornment of the tree Tepresents the graces , of godliness; then fruit represents the activity and üsefolness of Christian service. Both ?are; found in the man in whom-, the spirit dwells and works; Do you not know some, men whose outward cha racter is all that could be desired, ?but who never bring forth any fruit .for God? Are not these like the* bar ren fig-tree, beautiful to the eye, but disappointing both to Goù and man? And do yon not know -others- who are .active and earnest enough, but who have none? of the gentleness and meek ness and amiability which should mark the true Christian. Seek to com bine both. . Even the leaves of the : "tree have healing virtue. A true .Christian, by the ; very life he lives, .may strengthen the weak, and. bind op the broken-hearted. His cheerful ness does good like a medicine. ; The fruit is described as varying; yet ever seasonable. It is "new fruit according- to his months," or as the . first Psalm puts it, "fruit in his sea son." That is, a Christian who is .living-.to the power of the spirit, bears fruit suitable to hrs position and circumstances. To be gentle under provocation, meek tinder persecution, . brave in actual peril, steadfast under powerful temptation, patient under sufferings-this is seasonable .fruit. ?Both fruit and leaf are owing to the ¡waters "which issued out of the sanc tuary." Neith er caa be put on from ? twithout. Both must be a growth .from the,, life within.. Let every ave nue of your being be opened to the living: spirit who : dwells within, and neither leaf nor fruit will ever fail. 