AMUSEMENTS. In Town, tho latest production of Hr, Edwardoe'a Gaiety Company, bae evidently struck tho tasto of tho Molbourn. theatre- going public, who nre crowding tbo theatre nightly; Tho oomioalitios of Mr. Bradfiold are speoially eireollvo, and Ml»e Deoima Mooro and Mm Maud Ilobaon aro special favorites In Town will he repeated until furtlior notice.' At the Bijou ThoatroLa Pompadour has been wiuicsscu curing tuo week by appreciative audionoes, and will keep the stago till Thursday "mm On Briday an ontiroly new doparturo will bo taken by the production of Hamlet, with n, , J, J,, 1 in "10 tiUo Tt'1 Mr. Iruobriilge will play Horatio, Mr. Gates th. king, and Mr. Appleton tho ghost Miss Jonnv Bryoo will sustain tbo part of the qu.en. and Miss 1- ranees Graham, Ophelia. Tho perform. Salon" tIl<J PatronttE® oK the Austral .'J,1'1#®Pnllf l-fR®11"" holds itsnttrnolivoeourso ' at tho 1 lioatr. lloynl, whero tli.ro .eeins to bo no abatement in its popularity. The piece go", with great smoothness from start to finish, and the sensational situations avoko hearty nlaudiU from the audiences. Mrs. Bland Holt negotiate, the bridge of human bodies nightly with the' dexterity of nn ncrobat, nnd tho whole ooniDAnv work well anil smoothly together in the presenta. tion of tho piny. „ Bmpire Company, with wliioh Mr. Frank Glarlc in to open the Bijou Theatre next M inclu,l0i' Miss Clara Merivnl" fir- A Mi" I,abo1 Webster, Mr' Henri i Clark , the tenor; Mr. Harold Kingston Mr. lorn Borgin. tliu Bonanza Trio, Miu Florence tbohuier, Miss Katie 'Powers, tho 11,,. tellos, Bciilinm and Bogers, Evans nnd Rocklcv the gymnast Ouda, and Mr. F. M. Olark, who will appear in conjunction with Mr. Wilfreds Shine in ' n budget of whimsicalities and humorous mancuuvrcs." The stylo of entertain- ment is announced to be altogether different from that hitherto in vogue. It will open with nn introduction specially written for tha occa. sion, entitled Monto Carlo, thosoonery for whioh i« being painted by Mr. .7. Little. Tho last nights of Don Juan, Junior, are announced at the Cambridge Theatre. Next Saturday evening the faroical comedy Tho General, and thocomio oporn Jaunty Jano. will bo staged. Those who wero so favorod as to recoivo nn in vitation to the ooucort hold at Trinity College last night had tho privilege of spending a oounlo of hours very agreeably— If they could manage to find room m tho collego hall, n matter of considerable difficulty to iate oomors. The ohief attraction, of course, was the artistic einging of Madame Wiedemann nnd Herr Mooibniggcr, whose refined interpretation of somo of the masterpieces of Gorman song proved a rich treat to nil capablo of distinguishing botwoon vocalists who .re cultured and those who are not. Tho programme also included a piano trio by Haydn, a sonat. lor piano and violin by Mozart, one of Chopin's valsoB, .an allegro from a suite for cello by Popper, ami Wolfram's song from TannbUusor. J ho last wn. sung by Mr. D. J. Dunlop, while tiio instrumental numbers woro on tho whole very successfully interpreted by Mrs. Ecoiesand m /Sou',ts ,'P'no)- Mr. Josephi (violin) and Claud. Harrison (collo). ihe first concert of the Esty-Mar.h company takes place at the Town Hall this evening, when tho Melbourne public will havo an opportunity of judging for themselves concerning tbo qualifi cations of four aingors who acoording to the general verdict of tho Sydney press are artists of far more than ordinary merit. Miss Alice Esty, who is a prima donnn of tho Carl Rosa Opera Company, and has sung with great suc cess nt tho Crystal l'olnoo and Rlohter Con certs m London, is tho soprano ; Madame Enri- quez, a nnmo almost as well known a. that of the late Madame l'ntey, the contralto ; Mr. Robort Cunningham, whose many friende in this city will, acoording to rumor, hardly reoogniio in him the erstwhile familiar liodcrtafol singer so greatly has liia voico improved under tuition at home, ie tho tenor; wliilo Mr. Aleo Marsb, "Titono, was the original creator in English of parts suoh as Iago in Vordi's Othello nnd Tonio in Leoncavallo's Faghacei, nnd his claims to favor may therefore confidently be assumed to rest ou a tolerably secure basis. Tho company alio in-' eludes Herr Gerald Vollmar, of Adelaide, wboie artistic violoncello playing was such a feature of tiie recent scries of concerts at whioh Master I Cyril Tyler appeared. Sents, for whioli popular I prices are oiiargcd, may be secured at Glen's. I Tiio Militnry Camp Festival, in aid of the I Collingwood and Fitzroy Free MciUoal Mission, I which is now being hold in tho Rotunda Hall ( I Bourke-streot, should benefit tha mission by a I substantial sum. An cxcollent programmo is I being presented oaoli evening, inoluding tableaux I vivanis, fancy dancing, gymnastic exorcises and I cutlass drill by the Naval Brigade. The ladies I and gontlcmen assisting at tho stalls ore attired H in military costume. e The Kinetoscopo. which i. exhibited in pre- 1 misc. opposite tho Eastorn Market, ia attractkii large numbers of visitors daily. To-day a nn ' subject is announced to he shown for the fint viz., a Mexioan duol. The pioture arrive! ill Melbourne yesterday, and i. said to b one o( tho beet in Edison's collection. 