ENGLAND. THE WESTMINSTER CATHEDRAL. LADING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. £75,000 SUBSCRIBED. In the London Tablet, July 6, we find the full report of the laying of the foundation-stone of the new Westminster Catholic Cathedral. The cere ? raonv took place on the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, April 29. t ? ? THE SCENE. The weather was cool and fair, the crowd was quiet and orderly, and the arrangements were per fect. Every one connected with the ceremony was in his place and knew his duty, and did it quietly neighbourhood of Archbishop's House was a scene of unusual bustle and excitement, of the coming aid going of ecclesiastics in many garbs, and of the movements of a gathering crowd. The roofs, and -windows of the neighbouring houses and flats from an early hour were crowded with eager sightseers, impatient for a spectacle the like of which England has not seen since the Reformation. At 10 o'clock the gates to the grounds were thrown open, and a patient multitude poured in to fill all the standing room allotted to the holders of the shilling tickets. The reserved seat's on either side were under two immense awnings, each accommodating some 1500 people, while the general public were admitted to a point far up the intervening space in front of the altar. Behind this temporary structure, erected on a platform 150 feet long and 50 feet in width, which had been tastefully arranged by Messrs. Grosset, stood a massive wooden cross, which marked the spot where, when the Cathedral is finished, the High Altar will stand. On cither side were seats specially reserved for Ambassadors, the 'Founders,' the clergy, and the choir ; the last under the direction of the Rev. Charles Cox, of the Pro Cathedral. Beyond, on the Gospel side, was the throne, etav with crimson and sold, on.whio.h t.Vip two Princes of the Church were presently to be seated. On the opposite was placed the London military band- Venetian masts, bright with bunting, helped to add to the brilliancy of the scene, which the light and sometimes vivid summer dresses of the ladies made the illusion of a sea of colour. Moving here and there among the crowd, as they trooped into their places, were the marshals and stewards, wearing the Papal colours in the form of rosettes on their breasts. A little way down, to the barrier on the Gospel side, was a canopy of white and red covering the granite corner-stone, wJrfcn was so soon to be blessed and laid 6'rt.jfch'e s$d\ Much is to be,its i-estiiftg plate ftfr ages', TOft stone has a history ei ite 'Own, fend is tnV&#i of Mr. William G.«*5*ge H.fyefe'mu'n 'arid Masons, John, Albert, and Uetnard A^gusfeine, who, we believe, gave their personal service for the quarrying of it. It is. a magnificent block of granite five feet long, three feet Wide, and two feet eight inches high, and came from the well-known Carnsew Q,uameS- near Penryn- Cornwall. While the 6eats were being filled the band played selections f wm Gounod's'1' R'eine tie Saba' and ' Reminiscences of Meyerbeer.'* Amongst the little el-owd 0$ i'pUnders. on the dais ; were the D uke of -Norfolk arid his two sisters, La'dy ? Maty and Lady Margaret Howard, Sir W, alter and Lady d'e Soufca', Mrs-. George Biin'n', .'Cil'onel and h/Lta\ Oilghton Giles, tile Dbwage'r-B uchess of New castle., the Rijrht Hoh. Heirry Matthews, M.P., and trie burly fformwf Stir Donald Macfarlane were con ?sptcuO'us ftn'd well-known figures. Here, too, the Foreign Ambassadors were provided with seats. In the crowd in the reserved seats no one excited greater interest than the Countess of Cottenhom and her daughter, Lady Mary Pep.ys, both. o!E Whom were quite recently received into tke Church by the ; Jesuits at iFatm.'-s'ltfe'efc. j ¥he irko'eWsskoft -Atstd 'cere^nV. Abort t a 'Quarter-past \l 'th'e, ^f a&ill;&r; strains of * The War Mai'ch of the Priests'' announced to the Expectant 'c'rowd t'ha't raS liead of the procession of ?$30 priest's 'TiM 'entered the grounds. It was a 'solemn andt Impressive sight, and it is not surprising to uftd \j\ie Protestant eye- witness recording how to Mni it seemed to illustrate in a wonderful way the unbroken tradition, the infinite variety and the cos mopolitan character of the Catholic Church, and at the same time to recall Matthew Arnold's phrase that in its diversity of human character Catholicism is like ' the men and women in Shakspeare's plays,' Almost every religious Order and Society in the country was represented in that procession-. First came the cross--bearer, the Rev. J. Groseh, accom panied by acolytes carrying torches-, then came priests of St. Joseph's Foreign Missionary Society, in black, girdled with red, followed by Passionists, from High&ate;, Jesuits, SerVites- Franciscans, Capuchins, Dominicans, Augustinians- Carmelites, Rsdemptorists, Oratoriansy and last of all the mem bers of the great Ordelr ?vVhioh in the future will be so closely associated with the life and work of the Cathedral, Yhe Benedictines. In strong contrast with the varied and picturesque habits of some of the religious orders was the simple black and white of the secular clergy, who, to the number of some 200, camn next. After these filed past a number of Bishops, the Canons of the Chapters of Westminstet and South wark, and many Monsignori. Dr. Sullivan, of St. Charles', Ogle-street, was privileged to carry upon a cushion the sacred Pallium which, by a special indult of the Holy See — an indult almost without parallel in the history of the Church— Cardinal Vaughan was permitted to wear during the cere mony. Finally, walking side by side, and splendid in the glorious scarlet of the cappa magna, came the central figures of the day, the Cardinal-Archbishops of Armagh and Westminster. The two Cardinals proceeded at once to the canopied thrones prepared for them, and after a brief interval Cardinal Vaughan, standing in front of the altar, taking off his scarlet robes, assumed the amice, alb, stole-, and a splendid white cope embroidered with gold. Then placing round his neck the sacred pallium, accom panied by Cardinal Logue and the Canons of West minster, he proceeded to the dais where the founda tion- stone was to be laid. The stone was then blessed, and the two Cardinals knelt before the altar while the Litany of the Saints was chanted. Then, returning to the dais, the two Cardinals placing their right hands on the stone, it was slowly lowered to the place prepared for it Cardinal Vaughan, hav ing applied plummet and level, then took a silver trowel and mallet and placed the stone in the foun dation ? in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer.' The choir having sung Psalm exxi., ' Nisi Dominus jedificaverit domum' and the Miserere, the Founders and the whole of the ecclesiastical procession wound its way along the lines traced for the walls of the cathedral, Cardinal Vaughan blessing the ground as he went. This part of the function was brought to a close with the singing of the «' Veni Creator Spiritus' and the recitation of collects. Then Cardinal Vaughan ascending the altar steps and holding his dossier, in a loud voice blessed the people ; and Canon Moyes in Pope Leo's name read out the in dulgences usual on such occasions. During the Low Mass, which was said by Cardinal Logue, the motet ' O Roma Felix' composed by Mr. E. A. Plater was sung at the Offertory, while at the Elevation ' The March of the Silver Trumpets' was rendered by the band,. and at the end of Mass the 'Hallelujah Chorus' was sung by the choir. Among the assisting ecclesiastics were his Grace the Archbishop of Trebizond, the Lord Bishops of Nottingham, Emmaus, South wark, Clifton, Shrews bury, and Galle, the Very Rev. Canon Barry, V.G., the Right Revs. Mgr. 'Weld, Daniewski, Canon Fenton, Giles, D.D., Canon Johnson, Ward, Browne, the Right Rev. Abbot Snow, O.S.B., the Very Revs. Canons Macraullen, Murnane, Purcell, Magrath, Keens, A.kers, Connelly, O'Callaghan, Keating, Graham, Browne, Moyes, Kennard, and Lynch, the Ve*-y Revs. Mgr. Howlett, Dunn, and Robinson, the Rev. Fathers Gordon, CO., Wynd ham, O.S.C., Proctor, O.P., Thomas, S.M., Scoles, S.J., Bergh, O.S.B., Ford. O.S.B., David, O.S.F., Kelly, O.S.A., Simoni, O.S.M., Philip Coghlan, C.P., Bennett, C.H.R., Miller, O.M.I., and Macey. A BRILLIANT ASSEMBLAGE. Among those present were the Duke of Norfolk, the Earl of Ashburnara, the Earl of Denbigh, Lady Lovat, the Marquis de Torr-liermosa, Lord Braye, Lord and Lady Clifford, Sir G, Fitzgerald, Count Torre Diaz, Lord Osborne. the Dowager Duchess of Newcastle, Lady Vavasour, the Hon. Mrs. A. H. a Court, Lord Petre, Lord William Nevill, Lady Nevill, Lord Caraoys, Lord Beaumont, Viscountess Southwell, Lord Walter Kerr, Lord Acton, LordF. Tnlbot, M.P., Sir Thomas Esmond, Bart, M.P., Sir Percy Nugent, Bart., Sir Walter Blount, Bart., Lady Denbigh, Lord Herries, Countess Cottenham, the Marchioness Santucci, Judge Stonor, Judge Bagshawe, Mr. George Ullathorne, Marquise de St. Ayala Connolly, Major Lord Camoyes, Lord Morris, Lady Meat borough, Lady Southwell, Lady Vava sour, Lady Sykes, Lady Hawkins, Vicountess Clifton, with her niece, Miss E. Pereira, the Hon, Mrs. Fraser, General Sir Williejm and Lady Butler, Sir'. Humphrey and Lady de Trafford, Sir J. Haggerston, Colonel Tredcroft, Sir E. Blount,the French Ambassador, the -Spanish Ambasador, the Belgian, Portuguese, and Mexican Ministers ; Lord Walter Kerr, the Marchioness Santucci, Marchesa de Nita, Lady O'Brien, Lady Mary Saville, Lady North, Lord Osborne, Marquis G. Homyold, MarquiB di Terre-Herraosa, Baroness ton Hugel- Horn Claude Hav» Hon. Maude Stanley, The G'Cleryj Sir W. Blount, Lieut ?- Coldnel Walpole, Coldnel Kelly-, d-B;., Major IncEs Ander'tph, Colonel A;. FifczGeor^e, Jtfajor ftoper-Parkington1, Col'. Cologa,n', Major W. ..Hv Mackesy, MAip'r 'G,6pY, Cajitain ' Stoles, Cap tain W. .Daly, feaiU. E. Duit. Baroness La-jy SlVertWihe, Colonel Vaughan, Mrs. Mackey '(wive of the Irish- American millionaire), Colonel Kelly, C.P., Major-General Sims, Commander Price, Sir Donald MacFarlane, M.P ; Lady MacFarlane, Mr. Gibney, M.P ; Dr. R. Ambrose', M.P ; Count De Hussee, Lady Mary Pepys, Lady Seville, Lady Margaret Howard, Lady Edmund Talbot, Colonel Oughton Gillies, Visconutess Glifdem 'cATftEnRAL Fund's. Mgr. 'JohnsoVt nlade^a btajtemement concerning the prospects and financial condition of the cathedral fun'ds'. .. Tlie first site for the Westminster Cathedral was purchased in 1868, by his Eminence the late Car dinal Manning, for £36,500. A further sum of £5723 was paid from 186S to 1S83, for interest of money borrowed for the purchase on mortgage, making the total cost of the site £42,223.' Towards this amount Cardinal Manning gave £8923; the Duke of Norfolk more than £12,300; the late Buroness Weld. £2500 ; the late Lord Gerard, £1400 ; the late Countess Tasker, the late William Bernard Petre, the late Mr. Spilsbury. and Anonymous, £1000 each.; making a total from eight persons of over £20,000 ; the rest of the money for the aite- and for legal and other expenses, being ob* tained-from numerous other contributions. In 18S3 the first, or old, site was exchanged for the neW and much larger site On which the first stone has just been laid; the difference in valtte being paid by ineahs bf a riiortgage ldan of .£20,000, which mortgage still remains upon the land. After the new site had remained for eleven years unoccu pied, it was resolved about a j'ear ago to endeavour to begin the building of the cathedral as soon as possible. Until to-day no public appeal has been made. But the project has been laid before a certain number of persons, and their response has ue'en so' generous* that the contributions given of p'romised (some of them payable by instalments annually of Otherwise^, tire as lollbws : In this list contributions under £5 are for brevity omitted. i FOUNDERS WHO HAVE GIVEN OR PROMISED £1000 OR '. MORE, The Duke of Norfolk .. .. £10,000 ? The Cardinal- Archbishop .. £5000 , £1000 each.— The Dowager Duchess of New castle, the Marquis of Bute, the Marquis of Ripon, the Marquis de Misa, the Lady Sherborne, the Right Hon. Henry Matthews, the Hon. Mgr. Stan* ley, Sir Humphrey de Ttafford, Sir Edward BlOunt, Lady Ha\Vkins- Sir Walter de Sous? a, Sir Donald Macfarlahe, Anonymous No. 1, Anonymous No. 2, Anonymous No. 3» Mr. Arnold, Mr. Aungier, Mr, and Mrs. Dalglith Bellasis, Mr. Weld Blundell, Mr. Stapleton Bretherton, Mr. James Caulfield, Mr. Cave, Mr. Coleman, Mrs. Colvin, Mr. D'Arcy- Colonel and Mrs. Oughton Giles,' Mr. Ernest Ken nedy, Mrs. Lavery, Mrs. Nettlefold, Mr. Charles Robertson, Madame Uitfelli, Lieutenant-Colonel Horace Walpole, and Mrs. Willmott. £500 each. — The Earl of Mexborough, the Lady Herbert of Lea, Anonymous, Mrs. Charles Leeming, Mr. Herman Lescher, ' T. S.' £400 each. — Her Majesty the Empress Eugenie, the Father-General of the Carthusians. £300 each. — The Lord Edmund Talbot, Mr. Allan Roskell. £250 each. — Mr. Taprell Holland, Mr. Longue ville, Mr. Charles Roskell. £105.— Mr. St. John Clerke. £100 each. — Admiral Lord Walter Kerr, the Lady Annette de Trafford, the Lord Clifford, the Hon. Sir James Mathew, Anonymous, Anonymous, Mrs. Bowden, the Rev. Frederick T. Edwards, Mrs Jump, Mr. and Mrs. Lyall, Mr. Cecil Pereira, Mr. George Pereira, Miss Evelyn Pereira, Mr. Edward Pyke, Mr. F. R. Ward, Mr. Witham, Mgr. Wit ham. £50 each. — The Lady Huntingtower, Mrs. Alex ander Goschen, Mr. Daniel Lee, Mrs. Parkinson Sharp, Mrs. Ward. £40 each. — Mrs. Burke. £25 each. — Mrs. Brophy, Mgr. Johnson, Mr. Orby Shipley, Mr. Slattery. £20 each. — Miss Berners, Mr. Fooks, Mr. Mar rest. £10 10s.— The Daughters of the Cross. £10 each. — The Marquis de Torre Hermosa, Car melite Convent, Notting Hill, Mr. Charles Walker. £5 each. — Mr. Gerald Baldwin anc^ hi8 mother, Mr. Charles Buckle.r, Miss Josephine Gillow, Anonymous, per Nazareth House, a Lady (Anony mous), Mr. Verdon. Adding a few contributions under £5 we have a total, given or promised, during a little more than 12 months, of £55,492. If to this we add £8000 bequeathed some years ago for the cathedral by the late Miss Dodsworth, and £12,000 bequeathed by Baroness Weld (who died in 1871) for a memorial chapel in the cathedral, we have a total given or promised of £75,492, of which £42,870 are now in bank or in hand. THE LUNCHEON SPEECHES. After the conclusion of the religious ceremonies luncheon was served in the marquee erected on the grounds. Cardinals Vaughan and Logue while proceeding to their places were cheered with in tense enthusiasm. There were about 1 100 guests. Cardinal Vaughan, on rising to propose the toast of 'The Pope,' was cheered, and the toast was enthusiastically honoured. Cardinal Vaughan, in proposing the health of the Queen, said there was no people in England more loyal to the throne than the Catholics. (Applause.) The toast having been honoured, Cardinal Logue rose to propose the toast of 'Success to Westminster Cathedral.' His Emi nence, who was received with prolonged applause, said, in the course of his speech, I believe it is time that we Catholics should emerge from our hiding places (applause), and stand forth in the f.a«e of the sun and in the face of the people, and show them that we are not ashamed of our grand old faith (applause), and I believe that the magnificent churchj of which the first stone has been laid to day, will symbolize to the people of the country that the Catholics have both the courage and the pride of their convictions. (Applause.) The toast was enthusiastically honoured. The Duke of Norfolk responded. The toast of the founders, proposed by Lord Adton- and responded to by the Right Hon. Henry I Matthews, Q.C., M.P., having been honoured, 1 ,Lord Edmund Talbot proposed the health: of I Cardinal L'OgUG. I CARDINAL LOSUE'S SPEECH. I His Eminence said he came to assist at the func- I tion, not as a mere matter of form, or as a person representing himself alone, but in order to carry to the Catholics of England the sympathy and good wishes on behalf of the Catholics of Ireland for the .success of the undertaking. (Loud cheers.) De spite this, however, he would be candid. Deeply as he was interested in the spiritual welfare of the Catholics, of En^lAnd, they had another claim unpri Miti, for th]e Catholics of England were- largely inter mingled with the Catholics of Ireland. (Cheers.) The Catholics of Ireland were to be found amongst the people of England. They were amongst the clergy of England ; they were amongst the priest hood ; they were amongst the bishops; and if the English people had not such a towering personality as to have shut them out, they would have the Irish | amongst the Cardinal. (Loud cheers and laughter.) I Though he was addressing himself to the Catholics of I England, it should not be forgotten that the Catho- I lies of Ireland were amongst them — (hear, hear, and 1 cheers) — and he thought he could pledge himself on I behalf of the Catholics of Ireland that his Eminence 1 the Cardinal-Archbishop would have no more ener- I getic helpers in the great work he was undertaking | than the poor Catholics from Ireland — (loud cheer) j — and the rich Catholics of Ireland (for there were j many of them in England) — cheers — and the distin guished Catholics who were Irish by birth and who had found a grand career in England. (Cheers.) The Catholics of Ireland in England, and the Catholics at home, though sea might divide them, and something deeper than the seas, race jealousies I and rival interests, there was one thing that bound them together by bonds as strong as death. 9 That was the faith which, unsullied, the Irish had i inherited from their forefathers. (Loud and con- n tinned cheers.) Love for the faith, and he was sure i that wherever the interests of religion or the i interests of the Church were at stakej oi( Catholic 1 education} ot any Other interests which were acces- 1 spry to tlie religious weil-being Of the faithfuJj 1 they would be found loyal. (Ch'eers.) On a former I occasion he (the Cardinal) was disputing with his 1 Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster 9 with regard to his jurisdiction over the children of Patrick. (Laughter.) But with his usual generosity he did not say much against the claim. He (Car dinal Logue) claimed a kind of jurisdiction over the children of St. Patrick wherever they were scat tered. (Hear, hear.) He did not claim, it was true, the right to depute priests to hear confessions — (laughter) — nor to grant dispensations when cer- II tain persons wanted, to get married — (renewed 9 laughter) — nor the right to rule as bishop, but he 1 claimed a j urisdiction— he could hardly give it a i name, perhaps some of the distinguished lawyers II present could? — (laughter) — except that it waB 1 universal, and did not interfere with the rights of 1 individual pastors. He was pleased to testify that jj often when he had met the scattered children of St. 1 Patrick on their return to their native land after jj sojourning for a period either in London or in Sal- i ford, from them he had heard one universal testi- | mony of the kindness they had received from ! the illustrious Cardinal who at the presenttime pre- \ sided so worthily over the See of Westminster. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) CARDINAL VAUGHAN. The Cardinal- Archbishop of Westminster said that they regretted the absence of Lord Ripon, who had received the commands of her Majeatyto be present in person at Windsor at that time ; there fore he was unable to fulfil the obligation .he had kindly undertaken, and he regretted he could not do so' He (Cardinal Vaughan) took his place in proposing the health of their guests, foremost amongst whom Avas his most eminent colleague, the Cardinal-Archbishop of Armagh. He could not express to them his sense of gratitude for the kindness which had led to his colleague coming over to London for that great occasion. (Cheers.) Cardinal Logue had come there for the purpose of cementing with him (Cardinal Vaughan) the union in faith, charity, hope, and good works of the Catholics of the English and Irish Churches. His hand, equally with his own (Cardinal Vaughan's) had laid the stone of the Cathedral that day, (Hear, hear.) The Primate of all Ireland and the Archbishop of Westminster would be known to future ages as having laid the foundation of that great Cathedral. And not only had they deter- 1 mined to be united in that great work of laying « the foundation-stone, but they had devoted certain ji chapels that were to be in that church to be chapels m of St. Augustine and all the British saints and mar- |1 tyrs. (Cheers.) Another chapel would arise beside || that, and it would be dedicated to St. Patrick. |1 (Cheers.) II Sir Donald Macfarlane responded. . if ANOTHER SPEECH HY CARDINAL VAU6HAN. (I His Eminence, replying to the toast of his health I proposed by the Duke of Norfolk, said — It was true I he had had some little anxiety regarding the foun- I dation of the Cathedral. That anxiety had. how- I ever, now passed away. (Hear, hear.) The first I he entertained was regarding the site on which the 1 Cathedral should be built. Several projects for | transferring that site to another place were brought 1 before him. The whole matter was most carefully 1 gone into and considered, and the promoters finally 1 came to the conclusion that there was no better site I available in the metropolis for the building of the I Cathedral than the site on which the foundation- 1 stone had been laid that morning. (Cheers.) After I this his Eminence's noxtnnxiety was, if a Cathedral I were built, how could it be supported ? He himself n was totally xinwilling to put his hand to a work i which should lay upon the Catholics of his diocese I the necessity 'of coming forward continually to find I means to maintain a Cathedral when it was built. I (Uheers.) He felt, so far as ho himself Avas con- | emied, that he could not put his hand to a work I which nhould entail a heavy burden upon those | who came after him. (Renewed cheers.) , The j matter Avas again carefully considered, and it was -j found that by letting a portion of the four acres which was not required for the Cathedral or the accessory buildings an income sufficient to maintain the cathedral in repair and to carry it on, without charges upon the people — either for the mainten : ance of the priests or for the conduct of the liturgy within its walls — would be obtained. His third anxiety was, if a great cathedral were not built, and the building were merely a church like a parish church, the Catholics of England would make them selves the laughing-stock of the whole of Christen dom. And so he decided that the Catholic body must have a cathedral in which the sacred liturgy ? of the Church should be carried out in all its ful ness day by day, and many times a day, as it was of old in Westminster and in Canterbury. (Cheers.) His anxiety with regard to the cathedral was allayed by the readiness with which he found the English Benedictine Fathers, full of life and energy and numbers, ready to come back to Westminster. This had removed from his Eminence's mind another great anxiety. But there still remained a fourth and a last. It was, how was he to find the means — the large sum of money required — to put up a cathedral church? — for although large sums of money would not be spent on the external orna mentation of.the cathedral, and though there would be ieft to posterity the task or beautifying and ornamenting the sacred walls — still, putting that . . aside as the work of the future, a large sum of money would be needed to complete a portion of the building, so that the people might enter in and ?worship and adore God, even though the walls were bare of adequate ornamentation. (Cheers.) The thought of the heavy responsibility of obtaining a large sum of money for a moment weighed him down. But the thought occurred to him in the March of last year that, perhaps, he who saw the first drops of the Most JPrecious Blood, and who was the economist and ? provider for the Holy Family for thirty years, would undertake to soften the minds and the hearts of men, and to provide out of their generosity the sums that would be needful to build a house for his Foster-Son and for his own blessed Spouse, in which he himself might be duly honoured and wor shipped. Therefore did his Eminence put the whole of the undertaking in. the hands of the great Patriarch, St. Joseph. And from the moment he -dicL so he found his task made quite easy. He ?wrote a few very simple letters calling the attention of a certain number of his friends to the proposal. Without any persuasion on his part, only using tht simplest words in his power, these friends at once, of their own accord, responded with all that gene rosity which had brought about the state of things concerning the Cathedral which had been wit nessed that day when the promoters had in their hands £75,000 towards the building. (Cheers.) He doubted not but that he — the Patriarch St. Joseph —who had favoured the Catholics of Westminster in the past would continue his favours in the future, for St. Joseph was one who never begun a good ?work without finishing it ; and he invited all, whether they had begun to take part in the work or whether they had yet to begin to take a part in it, to continue their efforts until it was fully accom plished. SOME COMMENTS. ... The Catholic Times, July 5, has the following :— ; The most striking feature of the crowd outside ?the site was its smallness. The coming event had . cast its shadows before for many weeks, and the press, Catholic, non- Catholic, and anti- Catholic, had advertised .it so much that it obtained world wide publicity. The anti-Catholic newspapers had been especially lavish in their advertisements, although their object was to condemn 'Papal aggression'1 and contribute their wet blankets of bigotry. But notwithstanding all the publicity, there was not a great crowd to see. a sight that stands alone in centuries, and which may have no peer as a religious spectacle for generations to come at least. The next noticeable characteristic of the gathering in the streets was its orderliness. If the unexpected did not happen so often one might have wondered what all the policemen, mounted and on foot, were required for. The ' We, the people of England,' element, as represented by anti- Catholic papers and societies, was there, and it distributed tracts, and also talked with bated breath a little 'No Popery' when the attention of the policeman was drawn in another direction. One heard now and then a discordant note or two amongst the crowd, but as a rule Protestantism Avas a patient and respectful watcher. 'An Inquirer' writes to. the Catholic Times : — ' In scanning the list of prelates and others who attended the ceremony of laying the fonndation stone at Westminster last Saturday, it has been a matter of general comment Avhy such names as the President of the Benedictine Order in England and the Priors of Amplef'orth and Douai were not men tioned. Surely such notable omissions as these want a word of explanation considering the fact ' that the Benedictines are to return to Westminster again. The Executive Committee who had the arrangement of the ceremony in their hands no doubt will throw some light on this matter. As it is a matter of history that the last Abbot, of West minster (Abbot Fechenham) was a Benedictine, it was naturally expected that his successor, enjoying the same titular distinction and only lately Avearing his very ring, Avould haAre graced the function, Avhich to all Benedictines and their friends must have had a joyous significance. THE CATHEDRAL PLAN. To many of those present on Saturday (says the Catholic Times) the extent of the site must have come Avith a sense of surprise. Close to a great thoroughfare, yet hidden behind the huge blocks of residential flats that have sprung up of late years around it, none but those who live in the immediate ?vicinity were probably acquainted with the four acres of Avaste land which will soon became the goal of pious pilgrimages from all parts of the metropolis. It is on the north-eastern portion of the site, immediately adjoining Ambrosden-avenue and Ashley-gardens that the future Cathedral Avill actually stand. As has already been stated, the architecture of the sacred edifice will be Byzantine in character, severely simple as regards the exterior and, when time and' money permit, elaborately decorated with coloured marbles and mosaics in interior. The tall four-sided campanile. 300ft. in height, which forms so notable a feature in the de sign of Mr. J. F. Bentley, will occupy the extreme northern corner of the ground close to Victoria street, and immediately beside the main entrance in Ash'ey-gardens, the doors of Avhich Avill be of com manding proportions. Through a narthex, entrance will be obtained into the naA-e, 240ft. in length, which Avill be formed of three large bays, spanned by semi-circular arches, the total width of thenaA'e being 60ft- Four side-chapels Avill be placed on either side, separated from the nave by columns, and by a narrow .aisle, above which will run an. open gallery. The baptistry will occupy the corner near the main entrance on the opposite side from the tower. The two transepts, broad and shallow, will be divided from the nave by double archways, and will give access, that on the right to St. Peter's Chapel, that on the left to the Lady Chapel. The altars in both these large chapels Avill be on- a line with the High Altar, the chapels themselves being separated from the sanctuary by double colonnades. THE CATHEDRAL SANCTUARY. The spacious sanctuary of the Cathedral Avill be raised seven steps above the level of the lum?, and Avill contain the Archbishop's throne and the stalls of the Westminster Chapter. The High Altar, which is to be surrounded by a baldachino sup ported on four pillars, Avill be gained by another five steps, thus allowing the celebrant to b.e plainly visible from all parts of the vast edifice. Above the High Altar, and suspended by three chains frbni the circular archway leading into the apse, it is proposed to hang a great gilded crucifix, '2o feet in height, which will form one of the most striking features of the church. The semi-circular apse will consist, in its lower portion of the crypt, and in its upper, which alone will be visible from the body of the Cathedral, of the monks' choir, where the Benedic tine Fathers Avill daily recite the Divine office, Avithin hearing of the public. The Avhole length of the Cathedral from the apse to the narthex Avill be 350 feet, and the complete width of na\re and side chapel, 156 feet, while the domes will be over 100 feet in height. The sacristies, on two floors, . will occupy the extreme south-west corner, immediately behind St. Peter's chapel. Of the wealth of decora tion Avith which it is hoped to adorn the interior, and of the rich mosaics that are one day to cover its Avails and domes, it is as yet too early to: speak. These things must be left to the future generosity of the faithful. It is on the actual building that all the energies of Cardinal Vaughan and Mr.. Bentley Avill be centred for somn time to come,, and it is almost startling to learn that in two years time the outer shell of the cathedral may be completed at a cost of £100,000, and that the celebrations or 1S97 in honour of the 13th centenary of the landing of St. Augustine in .England will, itjis hoped, be cele brated in England's neAV metropolitan 'cathedral. 