[?] CHAPTER XVII — (Coxtin-ceb ) if Bv HEDLEY RICHARDS 3 Author of " A Welsh Princess," " The Den R Tragedy," " The Omerod Mystery," Etc. " After the death of the squire's mother, when he married his first wife, he gave her that ring, and it was among the things that she took from Arden House. The squire always thought that she took it to annoy him, as it was the only real antique jewel they possessed. " 1 suppose you are sure it is the same ring ?" I said. "Certainly. It is not a ring to be mis taken. Look at the antique setting. Be sides, hete is the Gaunt crest — a lion rampant.'' "Yes, that is the Gaunt crest, sure enough," said Lord Willoughby, as he looked within the ring. 44 It seems to me, then, that we may safely assume that Mrs Arden is living, and has been in the avenue. The question is, Hid that laughter proceed from her ?" I said. " I might have thought it possible, but that horrible row in the night precludes the idea," replied the colonel. "Unless she has a friend in the house," suggested his lordship. 44 That is not likely. The only sorvant who was in the house at the time she was mistress here is Mount, and I am sure that he would not admit her," said the colonel. 44 Well, gentlemen, I must find out what this means, and with your permission, I will keep the ring." 44 Yes, you had better keep it. But what steps do you intend taking ?" asked the colonel. 44 1 really don't know. Nearly every hour the case aumes a new phase, so l.must be guided by circumstances. Meanwhile, you wi!l oblige me by keeping the discovery secret." 44 Yea ; but if it wasn't for leaving a slur on others, I could wish that poor woman might escape you," said the colonel. Lord Willoughby remained silent, and I knew he was thinking of his young sister, who had been so suddenly sent to her grave. " You forget that my professional repu ta li m is at stake," I said. 45 Oa, hang your professional reputation," replied the old soldier, testily. I smiled as I said : 44 Good morning, gentlemen. I want mv breakfast ;"and with the ring in my pocket, I proceeded to the housekeeper's room. ' How do yon feel after last night's horrors ?" I asked, as Miss Wright gave me my coffee. 4 Do you allude to that strange affair in the avenue, or the disturbance during the night F" she asked, quietly. 44 To both — the latter especially, which I regard as most peculiar. Allowing that the noise proceeded from a maniac, one could understand it being heard in the avenue ; but the puzzle is how any one could get into the house," I said. She smiled a elightly sarcastic smile. 41 I see you still hold that poor lady respons ible for it ; but I do beg you will not let the servants get that notion. I have already re ceived several intimations that if the noise is repeated they will leave the house." 44 What do they think it is ?" 44 A ghost " 41 Then it would comfort them to know that I regarded itas something more substantial." 4 ' Indeed it would not. Tae mere hint that a mad woman was about would make them leave at once. They would regard a ghost as infinitely preferable." " I will be cautious not to alarm them. Bat what did this last manifestation strike you as being 2 " I asked. 44 Like the triumph of the lost." I looked at her. She spoke quietly, and seemed anconscions of all her words con veyed. " Yon evidently make sure of the squire's abode. Ton bare not a high estimate df his character." 44 How can IP. 1 have heard his historv ; I have seen him — grasping, censorious, with out mercy. As for his - destination, I don't profess to be a atudent of theology, but I i ' . _ / ... . ;-v:: " believe that the place for whioh we fit our- selves will be our abode. That is the doc trine I preach to myself, and in every act of my maturer life I have told myself that such would be the case." 44 Such a doctrine mu9t lead to a good life," I said, thinking what a peculiar woman she was. 44 No ench thing, Mr Mavin. One may de liberately, in full face of the consequences, choose the bad.'' 41 Few wrongdoers think of the conse quences. They act on the impulse of the moment," I replied. 44 Young people do. Those of maturer age weigh matters, and I can imagine 1here being circumstances which would make a person deliberately face a future punishment to accomplish an object." 44 It would have to be a very strong one," I said. 44 1 agree with you in that," she re plied. Then she changed her conversation ; bat I could not help reflecting that it had never been my lot to meet with just such another woman. Directly after breakfast, having procured a warrant from Colonel Germaine, I pro ceeded to the cottage occupied by the wood man in order to search it. This time I thought the man would be at work ; nor was I mistaken, as when the woman appeared in answer to my rap at the door, she ex claimed : 44 You've come at the wrong lime to see my man. He won't be home before noon." 44 I don't want to see your husband, my good woman. I've come on a little matter of basiness." 4 Is it asking questions ? Because it seems to me it's a mighty easy way of get ting a living," she said, with some con tempt. 44 No, I shall not trouble you with ques tions this time. I have oome to search your house, and I mean to do it." 44 Search my house !" she gasped ; and I saw she was thoroughly amazed. 44 Yes ; I mean to know whether the lady who was once Mrs Arden is hiding here." 44 Lord, love your soul, I believe you've gone off your head with detectifyrag," she said. 44 Think what you like, but I am going through your house," and I opened a large cupboard, thinking it might afford a hiding- place lor any one ; bat I saw it was shelved, and on the shelves reposed, the good woman's test china and her small store of silver, wrapped in washleather. 44 Don't you go to breaking any of my best china, or I'll make you pay for it, if you're the Queen's own special detective." 1 laughed as I closed the cupboard door, and seeing that there was no other hiding- place in that room, I went into the kitchen. 44 This here's my pan cupboard. You'd better look whether the poor lady's in one of the sancepans," she said, with a chuckle. i took no notice of her remark, bat tho roughly examined the kitchen and outside places; then, going upstairs, I investigated the chambers. As I opened one of the closets, the woman warned me not to make off with her silk dress, seeing as it was the only one she had bought in her lifetime. 44 Well, air you satisfied?" she asked, es she followed mo downstairs and into the parlor. 44 1 know there is no one hiding in the house," I repliei. 41 1 could have told you that before ; but you're too big a fool to believe any one as speaks the truth. That comes of having to do so long with rogues." 41 You are mistaken, my good woman. 1 do believe your husband spoke the truth the other day when he said you came from' Kent, and I know Mrs Arden came from that country, too ; " and with this parting shot I left her. CHAPTER XVIII.— Mbs Babbet, After leaving the woodman's cottage, I 1 v decided to pay the visit to Martin Taylor, the blacksmith, which had been postponed owing to my meeting with the housekeeper. With this object in view, I proceeded along the avenne, rather than take the path across the fields, which came out above the quarrv. As I passed through the lodge gates and stepped on to the high road, I saw a lady come out of the garden gate of Arden Cot tage, and, by her manner, I felt assured that ebe was the mistress. Without a moment's hesitation,. I advanced to meet her, and, apologising for addressing her, I asked her if she had heard any unusual noise the previous night. 4 4 Unusual noise?" she said ; and I noticed that the color of her skin grew rather more than chalky. 44 Yes, madam ; your sister and I heard some most peculiar noises in the avenue last night. " 44 My sister" P— and I saw that it was only by a terrible effort that she controlled herself. 4Yes, your sister, the housekeeper at At den House. She took me into her confi dence," I said, watching the lady narrowly, and at the same time startled by a faint like ness to someone I had seen. 44 If she told you she was my sister, it is no use denying it," she said, in a tone that mighty have meant that my information was false, or it might have meant acquiescence under protest. Anyway, it was unsatisfac tory. . 44 But about the noises? I never heard anything," she said, decidedly. 44 And you never have heard any unusual sounds ? " I persisted. 41 No. But may I ask the name of the gen tleman to whom I have the pleasure of speaking ? " she said. 44 My name is Mavin, and I am a detective officer," I replied. 44 Oh, the detective ! " and from her tone they might have been as plentiful as black berries in the season. 44 Yes, the detective ; and I have been for tunate this morning. See what I have found," I said, taking out the ring and hold ing it towards her. The nervous twitching of her mouth made me think that she recognised it. 44 Did you ever see it before ? I asked, still holding it in front of her. 44 Allow me to look closer," she sa'd ; and I put it into her hand. 44 It is a very beautiful ring ; but- 1 am not lucky enongh to possess such a gem, so you must look elsewhere for the owner. Oh, dear !" she exclaimed, as it fell fromher hand," W e both stooped, but could not see it ; then in a Becond she exclaimed : 44 Here it is, under my dress ; " and turn ing round, she placed it in my hand. One glance at the magnificent diamond told me there had been no trickery ; bat it was too valuable both as a ring and a piece of evidence to lose, so I hastily put it into my waistcoat pocket. 44 1 am glad we were standing on the road, as on the grass it would have been more difficult to distinguish," ehe said, politely. ' Yes," I replied, studying her f ice, and thinking what an uncommon-looking woman she was. lama tall man, but she was fully my height ; in fact, the housekeeper at Arden Hoose and she were two of the tallest women I had seen fcr some time. But she web slighter than Miss Wright, to whom in the face she bore not the slightest resemblance. Her features were regnlar, and in her younger days most have been handsome ; now they were sharp. But her complexion was the most singular — it was almost copper color ; while her hair and eyebrows were the hue of pale straw. Her eyes were hidden by a pair of b'.ue spectacles, and altogether her appearance was remarkable ; yet there was something that reminded ms of some one, especially when she turned her head on one side. 41 1 have seen some one like you, Mrs Barret, hut I cannot recall where." 44 Is it a likeness to Miss Wright ?" she asked, indifferently. 44 No ; I do not see any resemblance to her, yet I cannot help thinking I have seen yon somewhere before." She smiled. 44 J. hope you do npt think you have met me in a professional way, because I can assure you it has never been my misfortune to have anything to do with gentlemen of your pro fession." 44 1 did not dream of such a thing, madam," I replied. "Thank you," and, with a smile and a bow, she left me, going up the lane, just as ® ffiri with a sweet, serious face and a mass of golden brown hair, came out of Arden Cottage. 44 Mies Barret," I thought. 44 Well, I like her looks better than her stepmother's. Where have I seen a face like Mrs Barret's ?" I speculated as I went down the hill towards the blacksmith's shop, while a baokward glance showed me that the young lady had fallowed her stepmother. On entering the shop I foand the black smith busy, as usual. On seeing me he looked pleased, which I confess was a sur prise. 44 You're the very man I was wanting to see," he said. 11 Have you some news for me ?" Tasked. 4 4 Not the sort you mean ; \but I got this by the morning's post ?'' and W handed , me a letter. J I glanced at it, and saw that it purported to be from a relation of the man — an aunt who-was ill and wished to see him. 44 Well, what about it?" I asked, as I re turned the letter. 44 w hy, I should like to run over to see the old lady, but I daren't until I had seen you, or 1 knew you'd think I'd given you the slip." 44 How long would it take you 2" 44 Oh, if I went by the eleven train in the morning I could be back by nine at night, and have a good time with her. Yon see she's saved a tidy bit of money, so I don't want to offend her ; besides, I ve a kind feel ing for the old lady, for she was always good to me when I was a lad." 44 Very well, go. Bat look here, ray friend : to-morrow is Wednesday, and if you are not back by Thursday morning, I shall send some one after you." 4 4 All right; don't make yourself uneasy. I shall come back to-morrow night." 44 Very well," I replied, feeling pretty sure that I could trust him. 44 How's ycur case going on ?" he asked, as he went on with his work. 44 Wby, I haven't found anything to oleir you, so far." 44 But you will," he said, confidently. 44 1 am glad you feel so comfortable," Ire- plied, as 1 walked towards the door. Then wishing him good morning, I left the place. As I walked slowly homeward my mind reverted to the conversation I had had with Mrs Bairet, and as her face rose before me, like a flash of lightning it came to me whom she resembled. It was the portrait of Mrs Arden. The features were the same, only sharper, and the pure oval face was elongated. The clear brewn skin, with its rich coloring, was re placed by a sallowness so deep as to be almost the hue of copper, and void of icv brightness. The mouth, too, had fallen in, and the black hair and eyebrows become dingy yellow — a transformation easily effected by the nse of a dye. Her eyes I had not seen, as the blue spectacles effectually hid them. Was it possible, then, that Mrs Barret and the £ quire's first wile were the same ? If so, the maniacal laughter had been simulated. Bat how had she got into Arden Rouse ? Of course, Miss Wright could have ad mitted her, but that9 would indicate a know ledge of the orime, and I found it difficult to believe that she was accessory either before or after the fact. Still, she had stated her conviction that it was possible for any one to deliberately commit a sin which would doom them to eternal perdition, allowing that the motive was adequate. Had she so spoken from knowledge of this woman's life and action ? Anyway, I must discoverif Mrs Arden bad a sister ; but I was beginning to be sceptical on that point. I could not trace the least resemblance between Mrs Barret and Miss Wright ; they might be life-long friends, but scarcely relations. 44 1 will show Miss Wright this ring, and see what she has to say about it," I thought, as I took it out of my pocket, when, lo ! I discovered that the crest had disappeared, beinsr replaced by a shield of plain gold of the same size and shape ! For once in my life I was completely taken abaok, and I stood looking at it, wondering if I was asleep. Then I turned it abont and examicel it, first in one position, then in another ; bat look at it as I would, there was no room for doubt — the crett had vanished. Yet I felt certain that the diamond and setting were the same. Then it struck me that the only solution of the mystery, was that the ring contained a spring, by which the crest could be manipulated, and that in the moment of its apparent loss the woman who called herself Mrs Barret had contrived to remove one duo to its recognition, not know ing that it had already been seen and recog nised by Colonel Germaine. The blacksmith knew what be was talking abont when he said that he believed Mrs Arden was living, bat would never be caught unless she ohose ; that she was a clever one ; and that it would take me all my time to prove her identity and bring the case home to her. Then I wondered if Martin Taylor had re cognised her, and that was the cause of his hints. Possibly he had seen her fire the shot, and wished to shield her. If that was the case, nothing but bis own arrest would wring the truth from him. For a moment I hesitated whether to re- turn and interrogate him, bat I feared lest he might warn her to leave the country. I resolved, therefore, not to say anything, but the next morning to go and see Dillon, and hear what he had to say. Sedgefield, where he lived, was only forty miles distant, and it was worth going that far on the ohanoe of getting information from him which would help me to solve the mystery. Going on, I passed Arden Cottage, and as I did so I remembered the unclosed blinds, and the lack of respect shown to the squire. Then as I remembered the sweet, gentle looking girl whom MrGeffory Arden loved, I thought what an unfortunate complication it was. When I reached Arden House I found — . Mounfr,/ and requested him to ask Colonel Getriiaine and Lord \V illougbby to meet me _-at once in < he late squire's office, proceeding there to wait for th-m. They did not keep me many minutes, as they guessed that I had something of im portance to communicate. My news, however, astonished them, though they both agreed i»ith me that it was the same ring, and bis lordship suggested that we should take it at cnoe to a jeweller in Bexham to see if he could discover the spring. Colonel Ger maine and I, however, negatived the propo sition. If the spring was so cleverly con trived that no traoe of it could ba found, although we had examined it in every way, it was more than probable that in his efforts to find it a jeweller might damage the ring, which we did not wish ; and I told them of my intention to sea Dill m the next day. With regard to the liseness between the squire s first wife and Mrs Barret, they coald not say anything, as neither of them remem bered having seen the latter la iy. But the colouel told me that when his friend alluded, on the day of his death, to his son's entangle ment with Miss Barret, he expressed a strong dislike to her mother, saying that if Hayes had not let her the cottage on a ten years lease, he should have turned her out long ago, and that he should see that she went the ensuing spring, when the lease expired. 44 Do you tbink he had any suspicion her ?" I asked . 44 1 scarcely think so," the colonel re plied. 44 Can you tell me whether Mrs Arden had a sister?" I inquired. 4 4 1 never heard of one. But why do yon ask?" Then I told them about Miss Wright's ex planation of her visit to t he cottage. Colonel Germaine shooK his head. 44 If she is that unhappy woman, I cannot believe that she is related to Miss Wiight, because I know that the squire held his housekeeper iu the highest esteem. Con sequently, ehc would be hardly likely to countenance his divorced wife living at his gates, even though she sympathised with her." 44 You can never tell what a woman will do," I said. 44 Yon are about right there, Mr Mavio," said the colonel. 4 No, you oannot estimate either the good or evil ; and, thank God, they do more of the former than the latter," sail Lord Wil loughby. 44 Well, gentlemen, it is my dinner- time, and if I am to do my duty in this case, I must net forget my meals," I said, as I left them and proceeded to the housekeeper's room. In a few minutes Miss Wright and I were having a tete-a-tete dinner. I believe she liked me mnch better than she had done whea I first came, and I was becoming quite inter ested in her. As I looked at her now 1 was less inclined than ever to believe she was Mrs Barret's sister, and I thought, in spite of the pook- marks, how much more character there wee about her face. When we had finished dinner she took her sewing, and seated herself near the window, whither I followed her. 4 4 1 saw your sister, Mrs Barret, this morn ing," I said, watching her. 44 Did yon? Bat will you please not allude to her as my sister, as it might do me a deal of harm?" 44 Then I won't. Bat we had auie a long chat. I showed her this ring, which I had found in the avenue," I taid, holding it to wards her. " A ring I May I look at it?" she said, without showing any special interest. I handed it to her, and, holding it in her hand, she turned towards the window, to that I could not see her face. . 44 It is beautiful, is it not ?" I &sked.; 44 Yes— a splendid ring. It will be a Loss to the owner. Did not Mrs Barret think it a magnificent one ?" 44 Yes; bat we nearly lost it. She let it fall on the ground," I replied. 44 If yon had not fonnd it, somebody would have lost a treasure. I suppose it cannot bo her ladyship's?" , 44 No. But Colonel Germaine thinks it was given by the late squire to his first wife," , I said, watching her. " Dear me I That poor lady seems t e be coming very much to the front just now, che said, as she left the room. 