OUR EAGLE HAWK LETTER. [From Our Correspondent.] Sunday. 10th March. Anniversary. —Anniversary services were celebrated in connection with the Wesleyan Ckurch to-day, when there were good congrega tions. The Rev. W. G. Blackwell, of Albert Pork officiated at morning and evening services, anl the Rev. A. B. Rofe in the afternoon. The text in the morning was Luke, 22nd chapter, 32nd verse, " When thou art converted strengthen thy brethren," in conjunction with Acts, 1st chapter, Sth verse, " But ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." The Rev. A. B. Rofe preached in the afternoon from Genesis—32nd chapter and 2Sth verse— " And He said Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel, for as a prince has thou power with God and with men, and has pre vailed." The preacher drew in graphic terms the career of Jacob as a lesson against men blaming God for punishment when they them selves only were blameable by rsason of having committed sins for which punishment was bound to follow. The choir, under Mr. J. R. Richards, rendered special anthems. The choir was very strong, and the numbers were admirably sung. Solos were sung by Misses Trevean and Highmorc, Mrs. Osborne, Mr. Toll and Mr. Richards. Miss H. Thomas capably discharged the duties of organist. To-morrow (Monday) evening the usual tea will be held, and the public meeting will he subsequently presided over by the hon. H. R. Williams, Minister of Railways. Music ox the Rotunda. — The Eaglehawk Borough Band to-;iight performed a choice selection of music in -fine style on the rotunda in Canterbury Park. The park was thronged with promsnuders, the idea of the band of play ing on Sunday evenings being evidently,very popular. Letter of Condolence.—The scholars at tending the same Sunday school class at the Wesleyan School as the late W. Scho Geld, the young man . who was killed in the Sadowamine a short; time ago, have presented to his mother and sisters a handsome letter of condolence. The floral ornamentation, which is in black, was executed by Mr. C. G. Darvall, and does him credit as a olever and suitable piece of work. The lettering of the text was very neatly done by Mr. W. H. Reed. • The whole is framed in dark wood. ; Ban-i) of Hope Entertainment.—The first entertainment by the- newly formed Band of Hope at the St. Mungo Bible Christian Sunday School was given on Thursday night last. . Mr. Batten was in the chair, and gave a short in troductory address. Recitations were given by Miss E. Plunket and Messrs. R. Clifford, and G. Bottoms. A dialogue, " Wanted a Servant,*'1 was performed by Misses Williams (3). Mitchell (2) and Yanvood. A mouth organ solo by MasterKeast, and songs by Misses Bird and, Yawrood were also given. Miss Mitchell efficiently acted as organist. Salvation Army.— The Salvation Army to day held harvest thanksgiving services in the barracks. The usual decorations of products of the soil were tastefully arranged. Captain Tipper conducted three services, and iu the afternoon a special programme of solos was rendered. To-morrow (Monday) evening a coffee social will beheld, and at the conclusion the products will be sold. 