gan anybody tell os? When the Donn case is going to iiuiBh ? \- If the Poibodb Act is not very much of a force P i If the Total isa tor Bill is going to pasB this time P > Why- tho Kensington tram is not made promptly ? \- Why the dnst nuisance in the city cannot be abated P Why Willis, M.P., is going in for the Totalisator P . . What politicians would do without the' unemployed? , Why tho Council rejected tho Vino Diseases Bill ? Whether the Daughters .of Dorry wear orange blossoms ? Why tho English language is not taught in public schools ? What the new Foderal Party is going to / do for Federation ?' . When Kensington and " the books" will forget and forgive ? - " . , -«' vWhon the suburban railway farea are. going to bo:rovised ? ' ' If it is not better to take sweep tickets in f your own name ? : - . - - i . ; \- I Whether the Sultan of Turkey is the ; champion apblogisor? ' . . Whether leprosy is the price Queensland payB for black labor ? \- Whore the .University . football teain would be without Abbott? Whether the gag is more useful' in prison than in Parliament P , If New Sontli'Wales would collapse sup posing Eddy should not return ? How the Government taxation soheme will fore in the Uppor House ? The cause of the sudden outbreak of ghosts in the conntry districts ? How the Randwick footballers will feci if Wentworth down them to-day ? ' Why a few water-carts are not put on the road to Kensington on race days ? Why a clairvoyant could not have been ' called earlier to settle the Dean case P , . . : Whethor we are to have a sporting or a . religions Governor on the reduced terms ? \- Why visitors to Randwick course should be victimised by extortionate tram fares P- Wfcy the Government have only just discovered that Eddy's increase would not pass ? . . Whethpr it wouldn't be better to reduce the membors than increase the Hansard staff? . \- - Whether tho . Waterloo Chows played higher.than the members of certain city , clubs P ' ' - ' Why the Victorian cycling folks are so rough on Sydney, men who show good form P What Tattersall's bookmakers do now on Thursdays whilst the usurpers are at Ken sington? Whether West Australians have got more gold from London than from Cool- gardiep Why lawyers should he insulted by supposing they would have anything for litigants P Whether the feud between the Kensing ton people and Tatt's "hooks" will con- tinne for long P Whether many of the owners have got a little hit of sweep-money about the Rand wick Stakes? Whether the stoppage of barristers' car riages to levees is the cause of the delay in appointing a Governor ? Whether tho story of narrow escapes " from whales at the Heads are not of the "very like, a whale" order ? Who is responsible for mutilating the souvenir programme for the Soldeno benefit by iatooing Comedy on the stomach P ' 