THE BRIDE'S INVITATION. The Rev. John McNeill, in one of hie recent addressee, referring to the words "The Spirit and the Bride eay Come," eaid " What ie the Bride ? The Bride, my dear friends, just brings out the other eide of preaching, I've been lifting the curtain and showing you the divine background to all this human business—that the Spirit of God and the powers of auother world are falling upon us wbeu we are listening to the gospel of the Saviour's love and presence. But there's a human side. "The Spirit and the Bride"— the Spirit through the Bride. That is to eay, the Bride is a beautiful name in the Bible to describe all the company of living aouls in Jesus Christ. There's a human side as well as a divine Bide, a visible side as well as an eternal and invisible, "The Spirit and the Bride." The Bride, as it were, iB the incarnation of the Holy Ghost for purposes of preaching and evangelising the souls of men—to make it visible, palpable, real, tangible. The Holy Ghost cornea not in ghostly, invisible fashion — a breath, a whisper, a something mysterious and uu oanny—to make your flesh creep and your hair stand on end. The Spirit of God comes by a man sb human as yourself, a sinner saved by graoe like yourself, who onoe oared for none of these things; but the Spirit of God quiokened liim, got him to believe, and then holds out to you the hau'ds of divine compassion aud entreaty, and eays, " dome to Jesus" in your own epeeoh wherein you were born. The Holy Ghost finds epeeoh to cleave your dull ear, and resoh your heart, and quicken you into faith in Christ. Is it not beautiful, the union of the divine and the bumau in preaching Jesus for the acceptance of our faith ! " The Spirit and the Bride say, 'Come.'" If I oould bring to this platform to-night all the people in all the world aye, and in all ages—all the redeemed from h'eavBn who have lived, and trusted, and died in the faith of Jesus, and found in Him their Saviour from sin, their Saviour to holiness and heaven ; if I oould bring that company, sup ]>ose it were possible, and set them on this platform, and say, "Oh, Bride"—for that's the beautiful name for us all iu our collective capacity—"Ob, Bride of Christ! Oh, wife of the Lamb 1 there be men and women on this floor and in those galleries who do not know Jseus. Bride of Christ, what hast Thou to aay I" Not only my voice and the voioe of the ministers and Christians here, but the voice of the whole Church of the Living God would be lifted in one magnifloent silvery shout till the building rang, and tbe whole oonoave of ' heaven—this whole Southern Hemisphere— i oome.OoIheboJeausi ."Odkea^yf. - -■ -* , Ohriati*ns.rm*»ryforsomeof them;but,' thank God, ths things wheretn we ngree fcre greater than' thethiog* wherein :#• differ. And the whole company of: believers ofevety .name on esrth »nd in glory nnita ic tbis, that* -if there'ee man.he'ra who doten'timowjBiiis/: webavB just one thing tonaytbyon, " Cpme,: oome," home to Jeans • come nway,*"' Thank God, thereV noehadow of a differfenoe there 1 No w,comG nlong, you're well invited jybu're well invited.' There'snothing haa eiioh mag-; nifinent backing, both "of God Almighty and' the beat beings that ever lived, as the gospel oall "to oome toJesns, Nothing, absolutely nothing, ii so beaked np by the best backing in the univerSB—God and the experience of redeemed men end women in all the earth and up hi heaven. " The Spirit and the Bride; :: say, 'Oome.'" Man! that's all that's left, all that's left. A Saviour hae bften provided-1' Come, oome.oome. Let him that heareth pnah thisbusinew. Tarn round at once, and begin to be a preacher yourself among your own est, stiokingto this text, "Oome to Jesus." Not arguing, or con troverting, but saying' wUely, tenderiyi humanely, with the backing of the Holy Ghost behind it—"Oome, oome." "Let turn that heareth say, 'Oome.'" I tell you, dear men and women, it never was meant that we Christians should have a meek mind, or be the fashioniess—do you know what that means*— (laughter) — fashioniess, pithless, pithless oreatures we are. A Christian was meant to - be a restless sort of fellow whom the world oan't stand. You ought to roast it out, and make it look on yon ant looked on far better fallows, and called them . pestilent fellows. These pestilent fellows,, -who let nobody alone, who hare turned the world upside down, and din, din, din into your ears - this Jesus of theirs, and there's no other name under heaven among men, they'll tell you, whereby yriu may be eared but Jesus. Ah, yes, that's what the world need* to-day as well as at Pentecost; Christians who must speak out what is burning in their bones, and they cannot keep still. Let him that heareth accept his personal responsibility for the evangelisation of the world, by taking his own share God has placed him,* and say, "Come." Work it out in your daily life without be- . coming a minister; in buyiiy, and selling, and mixing with your fellow- men. Hare an eye for JesuB, and a tongue for your blessed Master's cause, and He will Mess it. ."Let. him that heareth say, 'Come.'" Don't say it's a feeble thing. Of coarse, it's feeble; bnt through the Holy Ghost it will be divinely efficient. Now, there's your loving commis sion, work it out. Be a propagandist for Christ. Be restless, pushing, unoeasing. Say "Come." Say it! God will bless it. He's anxious. There's a big work to do, dear men and women, and there's little time to do it in, and the issues are tremendous. Men are dving. Tims is flying. Hell is filling, Christ is coming! Up and at it 1 " Let him that heareth say, 'Come.'" God wants this big work to bare impressed into it a mul titude of eimple - hearted, warm • ton Rued evangelists. Let him that has heard with the hearing and the faith turn round and say, "Come." 