ECHOES OF THE WEEK. A meeting of the St Kilda Trades' Gar nival Plain and Fancy Dresa Ball Committee was held in the St. Ktida Town-hall, on Thursday evening last. His Worship the Mayor (Cr. Connibcre), occupied the chair,; and lb ere was a good attendance. Letters were read by the secretary, Mr. 11. J. Ponshon, from His Excellency tlie ^Acting' Governor and members tor the district, and the City Council, granting their patronage. The police bind also wrote staling thai they would piny in the reserve oa the day from 2.3Uto5 o*olock.r It was decided to giVeia prise of £2 2s. to tbe best fancv dress at thofe»ll,'au4 jCUIb. for bertia^ys costume j aftd same for gentleman's costume. The catering for the ball was let to Mr. Boland who suocessfully carried out tho catering last year. It was decided to engage West's band, 8 performers at per man. The sports committee submitted a lengthy agd varied programme of sports which wjU, we have no doubt, please the most fastidious. A petition from the hairdresseis, of Prahran will be presented to the Piahran Oonncilat its usual meeting to be held on Monday next A coantcr petition has beeu prepared, and the reasons for such a step are lucidly set forth in a letter we havo received from one of the tradesmen, which we ro-produce in another column. The writer, Mr. Thlrwell, has stated bis case well, and, if we mistake not Cr. Turner will have again occasion to use his memorable words ' a change has come o'er the spirit of the dream,' but not exaotly the 'same change and spirit ' that Cr. Tomer apos* tropbisedat tbe last Council meeting, Mr. J. H. Costollo'e dramalio company produced a dramatio version of Mrs, Henry Wood's we11»known novel 'EastLynne,' at the Old Town-hall, Prahrao, on Monday last, to a crowded hon6e. Next Monday night the oompany propose to produoc the powerful and emotional temperance drama ' Ten Nights in a Bar Boom,' The University Extension Lectures have proved very successful in Prabran, the first course of which is now completed. There was an excellent muster oE students at all the lectures delivered by the Rev, John ReiiL Such was the 4utcrest taken that many 'wrote papers on the 6Dbjeots suggested by the rev. lecturer. The second course, that by Professor Spencer of the Melbourne Uoivcrsity— on the stady of ' Plant aud Animal Life'— will be com menced on August 13lb. A special and interesting feature of this course of lec tures will be tbe practical clarses for microscopic, and other demonstrations which will be held on alternate Tuesday's by tbe Rev. W. Fielder, and Mr. n. T, Tisdalc, F.L.S, An attempt was made -somewhere be. t ween Sunday night, and early Saturday morning, to break into All Saints', St, Kilda, The woald«be burglars bored five holes arouad the lock of tbe vcstiy door, and then gave the contemplated robbery up. It is supposed that they were dis turbed. Tbe ' ghost' has made his appearance ia East Prahrao, one young lady havta? been frightened into a fit by him. Tho dastardly rascal is said to be clothed in a black' coat, lined with white material, When he throws the cloak open, a coffin ia disclosed, painted on his olothes. We will be pleased to learn that a cow hide bas painled a different emblem on his skin one of these nights. As showing hoir his ne&rtaos; actions have caused wide* spread alarm, a lad returning- home, at night, to Tennyson-streot, 6t. Kilda, saw a white blind flapping at a window, and took it for the ghost. There was a light behind the blind, and the bdy stood rooted with fear to the spot, screamiog loadly. Aa inmate of one of the booses, attracted by the screams, came to the lad's rescue, and showed him that the cause of hi* terror was groundless. The singing competition 'inaugurated by the U.A.O.D, Sylvanas Lodge,. proved a great success. The competitors were Bros Londeo, Stephenson, Jones, Hartley, Foster, Marshall, Bishop, Noras, Taylor, Barrows, Raven, and Littlewood. The sentimental 60ug contcst was won by Bro Stevenson, Liurel Lodge, and the pi- ire comic, by Bro, Jones, Canterbury Lodge, Bro. Mackcnsic acted throughout as .pianist, ond'a very pleasant evening was spent. It is the intention of the Prahran Branch of the Salvation Army to hold shortly a children's free tea, at which nsctul prizes will be distributed in honour of the branch's anniversary. Mr. Buckingham, the caralor of the Victoria-gardcns, is very basy jasfc now preparing for the spring show of flowers he promises. Tbe cold north winds have had the effect of retarding the' transplanting operations of aunuals, but Mr. Buckingham anticipates a rare blaze ot colour this year. A tipsy hawker who fell off a tram in Chapel-street, Prahran, on Tuesday last escaped unhurt, another instance of the truth of the old adage. His wares, how ever, were scattered far and wide, and he took a seat on the kerbstone, aud mourn fully contemplated their ruin. The friends of Mr. William Lapton Hargrcaves, who resided in Tennyson street, South St Kilda, were pained to hear of his death by saicidc on Tuesday morniog last, Tbe deceased's body was found at 8 a.m. by his daughter suspended from a rafter in the bathroom. Mr. Har greaves rose at 7 o'clock, and it is supposed he went straight to the room and hung himself. vHe was 61 yearsold^mnd by pro* | feeaion a surveyor., He. had' been oat of employment for some time, and was in I financial difficulties He leaves a widow I and eight children. At the ioquest held | on the body, a verdict was returned tbst I deceased was temporarily -insane. I The Committee of the Prahran, South ' Tarra and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent | Society report having relieved 159 cases , weekly, during the fortnight ending July I 25th, Tbe cases numbered 177 adults, and 1G7 children, the adults comprised 96 wid ows, 22 deserted wives, 16 married couples, 27 aged and single individuals. Tbe cxpeu diture for tbe fortnight was £34 Us. 0d Assistance in clothing may be sent to ' AnerJy,' Jackson-street, Toorak, and in money to the Hon. Treasurer, 'Ravensbarg' Uandenong-road, Armadale, , or the Hon. Secretary, 20 Hawksburn Road, South Tarra. The St Kilda Council is in favour of tfae duty -on sanitary appliances, which cannot be manufactured in tbeoolooy» being remit ted, but only on the condition tbat such appliances are duly stamped as having been specially imported for the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works. At the annual'meeUng of the St, Kilda and Caulfield Ladies Benevolent £bciety tho Mayor, Cr. Connibere, who presided opened his heart.somewhat to the ladies regarding his Mayoralty, aud tbo probabilities of his again being elected Mayor. A fall report appears elsewhere. -Before the 'Erahxan Police ifcrart ' was opened on Monday- last, sixteen of the I honorary justices met m tbe Magistrates room for the' purpose of electing a phainnaa I tor the ensuing twelve months, fir. Fetber* ston, tbe late Chairman, was . unanimously elected to the position once more, and he briefly returned thanks.- A proposal was made by one of the justices that a Chairman should be appointod for the day on each day's sitting, bnl (he proposition met with no favor. ' ' The Prahran Choral Socjety held a night out on Friday tbe 2Gth nit when a concert was given in aid of the funds ' of the East Malvern Congregational Church, Waverly* road, .After some glees where csog, Mr* A, Little with the 'Romany Lass;' Mr. E. Z. Parker, with ''Jack Ashore;' and Mr. O. H. Browne, with ' The Skipper^'cotcr tained tbe audience. Missed Wing Martha Carter were very saooessfal in their numbers, as was Mf. II. fronsford with his cornct solo of ''Tbe Holy City.' Tbe Olive Branch Lodge M.UXO.O.F bas arranged an interesting syllabus for the half year ending the SGth Dec. which contain npvel features, soch as prise com petitions, ojpn to miejpbep of other lodged At the inquest held at St. Kilda on Mr. C, jl. Spencer on Monday morning last a rer« diet of death from heart disease wai retained, Itmay be remembered that Mr. Spencer,' who was an ex -consul for the Coiled States of Amerioa, died very sud denly on Saoday morning We have received tbe Aunt rattan Journal for August, and it is, as usual, replete with interesting stories and useful information, The juvenile bazaar held at Windsor by Hiss Priestley and Miss Lily Duncan, in *|d of the Children's Cot, at the Homoc pathio Hospital, St. Kitda-road, realifed tbe sum of £2 2a. A pleasant evening with the Young Women's Christian Association will be held at the Town-hall, Prnbran, on Tuesday next, August 6th. Miss 8. Booth will deliver a lecture ** Stories from Real Life.' There will be a musical solo by Master Herbert Simmons, and a special selection by a quartette party. His Worship the Mayor, Cr. Luxton, will preside. Elsewhere Cr. Wm. Davies announces his intention to seek re- election to the position of councillor at tbe forthcoming municipal election to be held ia Prahran on Thurs day, the 22nd inst The reeentannnal concert of the Sonth Yarra Presbyterian Cricket Clnb will be held in tbe School Hall on Tuesday even ing next, the 6th inst The Mayor of Prabran, Cr. Luxton, bos promised the Prabran Tradesmen's Club £10, provided they raise £25 for tbe par* pose of purchasing a bUliaid table. It 4s felt tbat the possession of a billiard table will largely Increase tbe revenue of tho clab ; hence the reason for the Mayor'6 proposed liberality. The Victorian black coal is improving, if such a thing is possible, tbe more the Coal Creek mine is opened up. A warm great the present season is one of the comforts of life, and tbe Coal Creek Pro prietary (Company continue to offer a splendid article at an econotnjcal price. Poll particulate and prices may be obtained at the head office, Fink's-bnildicga, corner of Flinders and Elizabeth streets, Mel bourne. At tbe Malvern Court on Monday last John Walsh, known as " Spider " Sullivan, was charged with vagrancy, The prisoner was arrested by Constable Walshe for be having in a suspicious manner at Moran and Cato'scan store, High-street, Malvern' on Saturday morniog last. On tbe store being examined, it was found that two attempts had been made both at the back and the front, to break into tbe place. It is believed that when Sullivan was dis covered, two others of a gang escaped, and subsequently attempted to break Into Mr. Cooke's store in East Prahran. Detective Macmanama gave Sullivan a bad character, and the Bench sentenced him to six months imprisonment. We are sorry to have had to adopt the slow and lingering humorous death intro duced by tbe Mikado of boiling: leadf hut we've a duty to perform and have done it* Cr. Haddock's name was left out of the head line of those present at the last meeting of the Prahran Council, though his wit^and wisdom plentifully doited the main report, Cr. Maddock feels aggrieved at tbe omission, and now our proof reader is past grieving about mundane affairs. We 'trust we've satisfied justice, and Cr. Maddook. An application was made on Monday lastloJudge Moleswortb, in the Insolvency Court, for a warrant to be issued for tbe apprehension of William Q lew the younger, Toorak, insolvent, for having failed to attend for examination as directed. It appeared tbat the bummons had not been ?erred, bnt an order bad been made for substituted service, as provided for by the Act. His Honour directed a warrant to issue on the application of Mr. NVoolf. A meeting was held and closed on Mon. day last in Insolvency, in the estate of James Crispen, Pxabran, bootmaker. Cr. Victor Lcmme'ot St. Kilda whose term of office expires by rotation this month, again solicits tbe honor of represent tating the ratepayers of the North Waid. Cr. Lemme is a 6ilent worker, and the Councillors speak .highly of his sterling business capacity in committees. . Mr. W, M. Foster, of the Toorak and Sooth Yarra Try Society, requests os to mention tbat the Society has now a large number ot applications for lads to go to country situations. He would be glad to hear from lads who are desirous to obtain this classof work, -and would be pleased to see them, if they wonld call' at the Hall, Surrey-road, Hawksburn, any evening. Five persons, three men and two women, were arrested yesterday by Constables Wil cock, M'Kinnon, and Galvin, at No. 74 Victoria-street, Windsor, and were charged with vagrancy. The accused's names are Mary J. Bentley, Isabella Mitchell, Joseph W, Brown, BobertA. Ennis, and John T, Little. They were brought before Mr* Davis, J.P., and remanded until Thursday next It is understood that there axe other more serions charges to be preferred against the accused* Last Monday the members of the Sooth tarra Trades Clnb paid a visit to Parlia ttcnt-honse, and were well entertained at tbe House of tbe Legislature. Tbey after- . Wards visited tbe Melbourne Head Fire 6tation, and were met by Mr. 6teln, tbe Superintendent, At the last meeting of tbe club it was decided to donate tbe £2 2s. prize won at the late Carnival to the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. Of necessity, the majority of our reports Ibis week have been summarised. Our uraal articles are fceld over too in con* sequence of the extreme pressure on oar 'pace. We have received a letter from Mr. James Carr, the plaintiff in the case reported else where under 'Scene in the Prabran Court' which Is held over. , ^ The Toorak Try Society gave' eh enter* taioment in the Society's Hall on Monday last which was highly successful. A feature ou the occasion was that tbe visitors con* tribotcd to the evening's amusement. The Malvemi Literary Debating and Musical Society held a well attended meet* iugatthe fill ire ball on Wednesday 'last. Mrs Bell read a abort poem 'Beautiful Hands' and Mr* Bell read a paper on tho ''Origin of Beauty,' Mr. W.Q. Walker J. P. presided. At the Malrem Branch of the A N. A, Wednesday last, it was announced that applications were about to be called for the ?®rcUryship of the coming A.N. A. fete- a remuneration of £150, and a percen* tfcgeot the profits over £500, applications *iW he received from financial members at bead quarters op to the lGth Inst. ? 1 Wcare informed that the Polyorama is to be removed to tbe New Town-hall, Prahran on Monday, August 12th of the Tucker Village Settlement ***«? His Worship the Mayor of Jnfoin has kindly consented to pteslde.; 'be entertainment is to be presented on the sum gorgeous scale as shown in the ?JWbournc Town-hall. Foil Polyoiamic will be given. Maoy talented and known artists have kindly volunteered ^services. The man chargcd with breaking into Cook's grocery store exhibited a consider i able amount of impudence towards the Court and witnesses while in the dock on Thursday last. With the audacity of ignorance he attempted to exnmine tbe two witnesses, Messrs. F. Cook and F, i Denton, in a most ineolent manner. Mr. Keogh, P.M., who was on the Bench, how ever, soon silenced what, no doubt, the accused deemed a fine oratorical display. The prisoner mid he reserved his defence, and when Mr. Keogh asked Mr. Moore, the Clerk of the Court, what was the dale of tbe next General Sessions tbe prisoner jauntily replied, 'On the 15th inst.' An examina tion of the Gazette proved him to be correct, and he was remanded accordingly, A breeze took place at the St, Eilda Counotl on Monday evening last, when the Mayor, Cr. Connibere, and Cr. Jacoby agreed to differ. It was in connection with the reception of a petition from rate payers residing in the vicinity of Dcakin street. Cr.\Stedeford desired to have tbe petition dealt with at once ; but on the suggestion of Cr. Moore moved a resolution that it be received. This was done, and he proceeded to comment on the petition, when the Mayor said it wonld have to be referred to the public Works Committee. Cr. Stedeford was stroog in bis contention that the matter should be dealt with by a special committe at once, Cr. Jacoby said that a committee conld be appointed, and tbat the Mayor's ruling was wrong. The Mayor ruled that there could be no discus sibn,and that the potition must be sent to the Public Works Committee.- . Cr. Jacoby. appeared determined to Aispute the ruling of the chair, but finally contented himself with saying the ruling was simply ^sicken ing.' The first dance of the second series of the Armadale Private Assembly took place on Wednesday evening last. About CO couples were present and a most enjoyable evening was spent. The arrangements were in the capable bonds of Mr. T. W Kendall, the hon. secretary ; the catering being provided by Mr. Bowlen. We have received a letter from Mr. J. W. Foster Rogers -M.L.A, for South Yarra challenging the statements marie by two members of tbe Prahran Conncil that he was politically 'sitting on a rail.' Mr. Rogers objects to the ' use or publication ' of such words. He feels sure that the state ment must have been made without malice, still 'it might do harm with those who do not know him,orh is policy.' The Messrs. Wilson Bros, gave a most en joyable and select Cinderella dance in the Alfred'hall, St. Kilda on Thursday last tbe 26th. nit. On Thursday last in the same ball a 'pound night' was held when there were CO couples present. In connection with tbe forthcoming municipal elections, advertisments appear in our advertising columns from the various returning officers for the district. A boxing contest will take place at the Sir Bobe:t Peel Hotel, Windsor on Thurs day evening next between the middle weights Murphy andBowdtn. Admission i free. To-day Mr. C. Marshal Cummins annonn cc8 himself as a candidate for the municipal auditorship of St. Kilda. Mr. Cummins is is a well known popular native of St, Kilda, and bis business reputation (embraces tbe position of Government Municipal Auditor, and he also an associate of the Incorporated Institute of accountants. Saeb qualifies* need no 'bush.' During tbe hearing of the case at the Sc. Kilda Court, ou Monday last, against the man Kurtz, for stealing clothes from seven different people's lines, tbe Mayor (Cr. Connibere), who presided, remarked to the prisoner that it was a good thing he had a good dog in bis yard, or his lines wonld have been robbed. Subsequently His Worship stated that one evening he saw the accused prowling about outside his gate, and ordered bim away. Cr. A. F. Alway, tbe retiring member for the Western Riding in the Shire of Malvern, has been doing an active canvass during tbe past fortnight, and has met !.with splendid stfpport, Or. Alway's com mittee is far larger than it was on the last occasion he contested the seat, and this, of course, speaks volumes. 