HOW THE WORLD WAGS. Br Touchstone. Dr. Eetherston, tho Chairman of (he Prahran Bench, has been giving thiB week his opinion of police magistrates. It only remains for them to give tbe retort courteous, and justice should be satisfied. It was during an intricate case, involv ing many legal points, when Mr. B. Kellv sutrtrested that the case should be heard by a P.M. Mr. Wyatt, J.P., himself an ex-police magis trate, and County Court judge, was acting as mentor to the Bench, and it was in the sense of loyalty to his colleague that Dr. Fetherston re joined, 'I think your suggestion is an insult to the court. As long as we have Mr. Wyatt on the Bench we shall be guided by him. Who are the recently appointed magis trates ? There arc only two lawyers amongst them.' The incorrect daily made him say, 'Who ere the present police magistrates? There are only two magistrates amongst the whole lot of them.' A distinc tion in sentences which conveys a large difference, and not only makes the Chairman appear discourteous, but what ib sometimes worse, abso lutely wrong. However, it's the doctors warm nationality that ren ders him the subject for reporters : ' copy ' at times, his heart and head I are kind. As witness the generous | admission he made concerning the leader in this journal last week with regard to the 'scene1* between Mr. 8. G. Williams and himself. u The writer was] quite right,' was his text, 'I should not hovesaid what I did, and it was an excellent com ment.' Such admissions are valued and treasured prizes to journalists, who, at times, have in duty to say things which may wound, and whose terrible difficulty is to administer the pill of rebuke, with the discretion of a saint, .the apathy of a martyr, and the cunning of a serpent, whose mouth is fanglesSj and whose poison is honey. The ' ghost scare ' is respon sible for some queer acts on the part of some individuals whose dutios or pleasures take them out at night. The queerist I ever heard, and 1 heard it from the actor, was that of a press man, whose duty last Monday took bim to Spring-road, Malvern, to roport an anti-Local Option League. The night was foggy, though moonlight. The way was long and dreary, and unknown to the pressman. Ho had to inquire his road, and he was fearful lest he should be taken for the ghost. 'I did not know,' he said, ' what to do when I came near any one, so I started whistling hymn tunes.' 44 A ghost would not whistle hymn tunes so I found my way.' Fancy a ghost whistling hymn tunes, or a pressman either for that matter, to scare a ghost \ It may be necessary to say that it was not any of the representatives of this paper, whose disbelief in ghosts equals the abhor rence the Malvern Local Option League have for grocers' licenses. The meeting was held in the Wes leyan Church, and the enemy crept in, in the shape of sover&l; of the agitating grocers. We are told that— ' Wherever God erects a house of prayer The devil always builds a chapel there ' and as the' eloquent speakers told those present that strong drink, and the retailers cf strong drink, were like unto Oliver Goldsmith's com parison of an empty purse—' the very devil '—it follows that traitors were in the meeting. They were sufficiently punished for their curi osity and temerity. A collection was made and each, for the sake of , obscurity, dropped a shilling into : the plate to forward the good cause. 