gebotionai ^tibxtss. THE UNITY OF THE FAITH. Paper read at the Church Assembly's Devotional Meeting, Sept. 24th, 1895, by Rev. J. C. Love. ' Thebe is one Church of God from the beginning of the world to the end. In Paradise,, after the Fall, under the Patriarchs, under the Levitical Law, after the Incarnation of the Son of God, even to His Second Advent — the Church has been, is, and ever will be, one. Holy men, before His coming, believed in Christ to come ; holy men, after His coming, believed in Him having come. The times of the Church have changed ; her faith is always the same.' Such is the represen tation of a ? great English theologian, who was far removed from txiiiy ujuiijg line cui ancutai/xuxi ui. tuc quuiiiuc, wiiciuci lu jjiuoo Ul in poetry. There is one faith once for all delivered to the saints. If Christians, then, have many contentions and many differences, the cause for these must be sought in themselves. No suspicion must be cast on the faith. Although every now and again we may hear a talk of a new form of religion— enlightened, simple, and adapted to common sense — yet we may be quite sure they who indulge in such novelty are not persons who have ever made proof of that which has been from the beginning, and which will be to the end. . If any man willeth to have that on which he can finally rest his soul, he will be done for ever with such profane and vain babblings. Our God is one ; Our Saviour is one ; the Holy Spirit is one. From the Father, by the Son, through the Spirit, all things consist. From the bosom of this oneness our Lord Jesus Christ came forth to teach His Father's will— to reveal His truth as perfectly as it can be revealed to His creatures ; to set up His kingdom on earth as it is in heaven; to gather together His wandering sheep, and make them one ; and to bless us for ever, in the presence of His Father and our Father. Hence the one. Church of God from the -beginning of. the. world to the elad. -Hence the one voice of , Law and Prophecy and Gospel. .Hence the one Sacrifice, perfect and complete. Hence the one Lord and the one Baptism. Hence the one Body and the one Bread, And hence . \- . Through the ages one increasing purpose runs. But the greatest of blessings reprove in our souls the greatest of evils. ' The Christian Church,' it has been aptly said, 'has three ideals set before it in Holy Scripture— to be universal, to be holy, and to be one. It is to make disciples of all the nations. It is to be without . spot or wrinkle, or any such thing. It is to become one flock with a union between its members, admitting of no lower standard than the unity of the Divine Persons in the Godhead.' The most serious of evils are necessarily those which stand in the way Of this blessed realisation. When eighteen centuries of preaching have been com pleted, when all lands have been baptised in martyr-blood, the disciples of Christ are still in their minority among the nations ; when the nineteenth century is hastening to a close 'there are more Christian sects in England alone than there were believers in the Upper Eoom at Jerusalem after the Ascension';'' when the world powers are all one in their hatred of God and godliness ; when the unity of the faith has become a standing subject of mockery and derision— Christians are not only miserably divided, but most sadly untrue to themselves and the only name under heaven ' wherein we must be saved.' And what is the consequence ? While this fractional Christianity is being perpetuated in our midst; while the most sacred feelings are wounded, and the most conscientious convictions are shocked by the harsh language used and harsh judgments passed under coyer of Bible Christianity ; while the fundamental doctrines of Christianity and many important religious themes are the subjeots of fierce and intolerant discussion, ''the great mass of the poor, to whom especially the Gospel was to be preached, are left to live the life and die the death of heathen in a nominally Christian land, because those tfho should have taught them His. word and ministered His sacra ments have wasted their energies, and lost half their faith, and all their authority, in perpetual bickerings with one another as to what that word and those sacraments are.' * ? Eight-and-twenty years ago this, very day our Bishops were assembled at Lambeth; under the presidency of the Primate. In a - resolutionwhich they passed they gave expression to the deep sorrow with which they viewed this state of things, and took occasion to declare that the best hope of amendment lay in each of us for our selves drawing closer to our common Lord, in giving ourselves to much prayer and intercession, in ffie cultivation of a spirit of charity, and in seeking to diffuse through every part of the Christian com munity a desire to return to the faith and discipline of the undivided Church, which was the principle of the English reformation. In a pastoral which ensued, they put this anxietyinto words which deserve to be recalled and laid (to heart to-day : — 'Brethren beloved, -with one .voice we warn you; the time is short; the- Lord cometh; watch and be sober. Abide steadfast in the communion of saints wherein God hath granted you a place. Seek in faith for oneness with Christ in theblessed sacrament of His body and blood. Hold fast the creeds, and the pure worship, and order, which of God's grace ye have inherited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divisions contrary to the doctrine ye have received. Pray and seek for unity among yourselves, and among all the faithful in Christ Jesus, and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.' Few, very few, now remain of those who shared the responsibility of these deeply-solemn words. On this wise, they rather gain than lose their force and simplicity. In the interval, two other great gatherings at Lambeth have taken place, in which, if possible, we have been more and more earnestly besought to watch and pray and mourn. Within the last few months our fathers in; God' have been heard on all sides appealing to the blessed will and loving purpose of our Lord, and the Pentecost of 1895 promises to be memorable for special acts of intercession, and humble, earnest, and trustful approaches to union in the one holy, Catholic, and Apbstoh'c, Church. Now it would seem as if the one army of the living God were face to f ace with the one spirit of evil. ? :???? ' Then draw we nearer, day by day, .- , ? Each to his brethren, all to God. Then let all who love the Lord, His word, His faith, His cross, be in submission to His authority. Let us ascend the mountain of His own appointment. Let us see Him for ourselves. Let us worship Him and adore Him. Let us embrace anew the ideal of His kingdom. Let us mourn our sins in His sight. Let us enter into the precious ness of His word and sacraments. Let us taste of all His unspeakable goodness to us. Let His magnificent gifts be realised in our own souls, and, unworthy though we be, let us make a common presenta tion of ourselves to Him; For in our . common service, in our higher devotions, -in the surrender of our whole; lives to the Lord Jesus who came to redeem us, shall we find the tie which will make us one in spite of everything that may tend to tear us apart. ?From henceforth let us learn of our Blessed Lord not merely to tolerate one aridther,but love one another for His sake. Let us not only love the truth and peace, but forbear one another in the spirit of His love. Let us not only continue much in prayer and intercession, asAv'e.have -been so, earnestly exhorted by our bishops individually and coilebtiyely,' but .let. us.. give qiirselyes. to diligent inquiry. The Church, of Christ has never been without spools of thbught.-but lei? us always bear in mind that these cannot obviate the necessity 'for' personal; inquiry;.; ;Wefoj:m..a priesthood oitruth,and;areina.ivi-3ually responsible for our hold of the faith. The priest's lips must keep -knowledge. 'I do. not understand a Church without a creed/' says Bishop Lightfoot, 'I. do not. understand a clergyman standing up to teach in a church without asking himself definitely what he is going I to teach. I can see no other prospect before such a Church hut vagueness, irresoluteness, inanity, confusion, decay. The bond of. cohesion is snapped. Dissolution— rapid dissolution — is the inevitable ! consequence.' Let us continue to learn, then, that we may continue to teach all things whatsoever the Master has given commandment to be taught. We are all equally under a solemn obligation to keep knowledge, and withal to cultivate that charity which makes so much ;for the bond of perfectness.ji;^We'may legitimately belong-to a certain ;party in the Church. For my part, I have not one word to say against ;it. Party is one thing, party spirit is' another. Party is not necessarily injurious either to a spirit of inquiry or to a healthy state I of soul, but party spirit is so without the shadow of a doubt. No iparty has a monopoly of truth as it is in Christ and His Church, and each for that reason should learn to respect the convictions of the. Mother from whom it differs. The thing is in every case that Christ be 'not divided, and that the unity of the faith be not broken and sacrificed. What has now been said paves the way for the purpose of this gathering. For the question now is — Where are we gathered together ? ' And for what purpose are we come together? We are; here together on this occasion that we may know ourselves better. in the ^presence |of Him who knoweth all and loveth all. Here where we are, and such as we are in His sight, a two-fold inquiry is naturally suggested. In the first place let it be asked, concerning the way — What is that which has been disputed? What is that which has so invariably contributed to the broken unity? In the house at Capernaum there was silence with a reason ; in^he house here in Melbourne there may i very well be silence with areason — a like reason. ' It is admitted by theologians, on both sides, that the continued quarrel between the Latin and Greek Churches still hinges on the dispute about the ?primacy which was its source; and that if this were amicably settled, the remaining differences would not be difficult of adjustment.' . In regard to ourselves and to those with whom we are at variance, what can we say? ' It is not enough,' says Bishop Thorold— whom we all agree to reverence as a great Bishop, and a great possessor of sanctified common sense — 'It is not enough to say that because truth is so unspeakably precious, even wide divergence in the pursuit of it is excusable and not without honour. Nor is it quite ingenious to affirm, for it is in the teeth of melancholy facts, that beneath an outward separation there usually is to be found a substantial unity. Christians appear not only to separate from each other about organisation and administration, and ritual, and creed; but even when outward things unite them, to suffer insignificant trifles to sever them from each other. . . A lack, of charity and humility have had more to do with our religious divisions than the mysterious ness of the doctrines over which the battles have been fought.' Such were some of the very last words of Bishop Thorold^ on this sad subject; and here where we are, surely we do well to give them an ; individual application. So much then for the dispute by the way. Now concerning the end, which is riot far from me or from any one -? of us, what shall we say ? Like St. Peter, we are all a little given to ask questions, needless questions, concerning each other's powers. 'Lord and what shall this man do?' ': Ask'st thou, Christian, for thy friend? If his love for Christ be true, Christ hath told thee of his end : ? This is he whom God approves, This is he whom Jesus loves. . Would to God, beloved, that we could all be more content to rest in this one thing, both for our own sake and for the sake of the whole Church. ' ? . I have quoted one great, good bishop, and now in conclusion I will quote another hardly less to be reverenced, though perhaps in regard of very different gifts. I refer to Bishop Bickersteth. This is what he says:— 'The thought that the disunion of Christendom is the great obstacle to the conversion of the world to Christ, there is no doubt weighs heavily on many hearts. I know it has often weighed on mine. But I would emphasise a conviction . . . that the intercession of our Great High Priest for the unity of His people, when He said ' Neither pray I for these alone, but for thero. also which shall believe on Me through their word, that they all may be one, as Thou, Father, art in Me, and I in Thee, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me,' has been progressively fulfilled during these long ' centuries of the Church's warfare in those who pass within the veil.' Yes, in the words of another, the Bishop evidently remembered, ' They,' who are so gathered .together into one, ' animate us by their example, they cheer us by their company, they are on our right hand and our - left, martyrs, confessors, and the like, high and low, who used the same creeds, and celebrated the same mysteries, and preached the same Gospel as we do. And to them were joined, as ages went on. even, in fallen times, nay, even now in times of division, fresh and fresh witnesses from the Church below. In the world of spirits there is no difference of parties. It is our plain duty indeed here, to con tend even fbi* the details of the Truth according to our Light; and surely there is a Truth, in spite of the discordance of opinions. But that Truth is at length discerned by the spirits of the just;: human additions, human institutions, human enactments, enter not with them into the , unseen state. They are put off with the flesh. Greece and Eome, England and France, give no colour to those souls which have . been cleansed in the . One. Baptism, . nourished by the One Body, .and moulded upon the One Faith. Adversaries agree together directly they are dead, if they -Have lived and walked in the Holy Ghost. The harmonies combine and fill the temple, while discords and imperfections die away. Therefore it is good to throw ourselves into the unseen world.it is good for us to be there, and to build tabernacle's' for those who speak 'a pure language1 and 'serve the Lord with one consent.' ' Therefore, brethren beloved, one thing is needful ; one thing is to be sought after, both by the way and here in the house. God grant that we may everyone choose the good part, and so determine the end which is blessed and glorious for ever. ? 