Maitland Scientific Society. A_ meeting of the Maitland Scientific Society was held last evening in the society's room, Technolo gical Museum. The following gentlemen were present :— Mr. W. A. Enright, B.A. (President) in the chair, Dr. Liddell, Messrs. A. J. Prentice, BA., J. E Carter, J. J. Ms her, W. Butterworth, J. T. Westbrook, W. M. J. Jones, 'W. A. Squire, W. S. Pender, A. D. Craig, E. P. Capper, J. B. Macartney, J. Carlton, John Enright, E. Tipper, T. H. Pin combe, B.A., J. W. Pender, P. A. S. Bowden, and S. W. Clmdwick. Tho minutes of tho Drevious meeting were read and confirmed. Mr. W. M. J. Jones was elected as a member. On the motion of Mr. A, J. Prentice, B.A., it was decided to have 100 copies of the rules printed by Mr. E. Tipper. A ietter was read from Rev. Jatnea Lamont, acknowledging letter conveying to him the intelli gence that he had been elected a life honorary member, add thanking the members of the Society for their kindness, also stating that one of his regrets in leaving Maitland was the severance of hi3 connection with the Society. Mr. A. R. Filmer also wrote resigning his position as curator of the the members roll at the end of the present year, as he had received a position in Sydney.— The resignation of Mr. Filmer as curator was accepted, and Mr. A. J. Prentice, B.A., gave notice of motion that he would move that the duties be deputed to the secretaries for the current year. Mr. W. S. Pender then read the following paper on 'Electrical Units' : — As in mechanics, length and time are taken respectively at one foot one lb. and one second, so in electricity the unit of length is taken at one centimetre ('3057 units), tha unit of mass at 1 gramme (15,432 grains), equal to 1 cubic centi metre of water, and unit time 1 second. From these units a complete system of unit3 of all kinds can be derived, called the centimetre'— gramme — second unit*, or generally written G-. C. S. units. Some of the electrical units are inconveniently small, and others inconveniently large, for prac tical use, so a set of practical units is ob tained by multiplying or dividing by powers of 10. Electricity is not looked upon by scientists as a fluid, though there is some analogy, but for con venience it is often spoken of as a fluid, and in my few remarks I will speak of it as such. If we take as an example water in a cistern flowing through pipes, I can make my explanations clearer. The quantity of water in the cistern will give a certain pressure and cause a certain quantity of watsr to flow through the pipes, increase that uressure and a largpr quantity oE water will pasB through tbe pipes. It is this pressure that causes the water to flow, so in electricity electromotive force causes it to pass along a conductor from one point to another ; the unit of E. SI. F. is called 1 Volt. But if the water pipes are not straight, i.e., the pioes are contracted or bent at one part, these through, so in electricity there are many things that offer a resistance in a conductor, and the unit of resistance is called 1 Ohm. If we know the rate the water travels through the pipes in a given time, the pressure and the resistance offered, we can arrive at the quantity that has. flowed past a given point, in the same manner we arrive at the unit quantity of current in electricity, viz., 1 Coulomb, whereas the Ampere will indicate the rate of 'flow of quantity current or Coulombs. The water in the pipes referred to can be made to do an amount of work as drive a water-motor or turn a water-wheel, eo electricity can be used to do work by turning an electro-motor, or give an amount of light or heat. The unit of work is called a Joule.and thepowerdevelopedis measnred in Watts. We now have current measured in Amperes — Quantity, Coulombs; E M F, Volts j resistence, unms ; capacity, x arraas ; worK or energy - jouieB ; power, Watts. The Ampere is the current or rate, of flow pro dueed by one Coulomb per second ; the current against one Ohm residence under E M F of one Volt. The Coulomb is the quantity of electricity that passes in one second at a current of one Ampere. The Volt is the E M F that would cause a current of one Amphere against one Ohm. The Ohm is the resistance that would limit the flow of electricity against it under 1 Volt to a current of one Ampere or the reaistence against which a Coulomb would flow under one Volt per second. The Farrad is the capacity of a condenser which would contain a charge of one Coulomb under an E M. F ot one Volt. A Joule is the elect rical energy absorbed when a Coulomb falls one Voit. A Watt ia the power expended on a current of one Ampere against one Ohm. 746 Watts make one horse power or the power required to raise5501bs. weight to the height of one foot in one second. In electric lighting, electrical energy is practically converted into heat and light, and not into mechanical work. Juat as a Coulomb falling one Volt does one Joule of work it can do its equivalent in heat. Seeing that electricians hare to deal with quantities requiring a very large or very small number of figures to express them, a system of index notation is adopted in order to avoid the use of a long row of cyphers. In this system 1000 (which is 10 x 10 x 10) could be written thus — 10T,j and the quantity 42,000,000 as 42 x 10*-, and frac tional quantities as Tij, (=001) = 1 -=- 10-=- 10 = 10*, and so the decimal O'0O0028 would be written as 28 x 10=-. I have tried to avoid technical terms as much as possible, and to write tbis short paper to give a popular idea of electrical units rather than scientific exactness. Mr. W. A. Squire read tho following paper which we purpose giving in instalments, the paper being a very lengthy and interesting one : CUSTOM, MYTH, EITUAL, AND SYMBOLISM. The facts of ethnology of ethnography are to the moral and psychical nature of man as the statistics of demography are to his physical condi tion. The former study is of a comparatively recent growth, so much so, that much knowledge has been lost to the world by reason of its importance not being recognised by travellers amongst inferior tribes. Right is the outcome of wrong, and error iB the forerunner of truth. The whole series of super stition is but the glimmering of man's lantern searching for truth amid the darkness of tbe sur rounding ignorance. Our institutions are not the product of spontaneous generation. We are each and every of ns (perhaps uncon sciously) helping onward the great evolution of the species. The passions that have thrilled us, the hopes, fears, struggles, victories and defeats we have experienced, the example we have set, all have left their faint and shadowy traces. We ourselves survive in what remains of that influence we have exercised in the preservation and transformation of our surroundings. The accumulation of these traces repeated by the myriad of our fellow beings from age to age have produced our myths, religions, laws, codes, doctrines, arts, sciences, and the different types of society. Millions of men have assisted to build modern civilisation, which is still progressing, as the millions of infusoria have built and are building the reef-fringed islands of the great Pacific. The difference between the reasoning of a Huxley and an Australian black is only one of degree : it is the difference between adult reason and infantile intelligence. The one an adult of tho nineteenth century, the other a child of the Neolithic age. Intelligence is the same everywhere, hut its'de velopments are successive. External influence has always been the principal factor in its develop ment. The woad-painted Briton in his dug-out would not have emerged from barbarism and savagedom but for the Roman, Anglo-Saxon and Norman influence. In the face of these apparently self-evident facts, we have one school of inythologists, who, guided by Mr. Max Muller, assert that originally man was civilised, and had a pure idea of God, which he expressed in figurative language; that subsequently man deteriorated all over the world, excepting perhaps in Palestine, and by refison of a disease in language lost his knowledge of God, and invented myths and practised rites absurd, profane, and blasphemous ; in other words they hold that savage myth is but a perversion of what was once pure religion. Opposed to this is Mr. Herbert Spencer's view, that the mythical characters once existed as ancestors, and surrounded by a mist of semi-historical truth, the gods are but ancestral ghosts raised to a higher degree. In oppoaition to both these systems of interpretation of myth is one which seems to me to carry tbe greatest amount of weight, and compares the myths of the ancients and irrational customs of the. modern which have survived, with the myths of modern eavoges npon whom no external influence has been brought to bear. If the same features occur in both, then it ib more than probable the same impulse brought them both into existence, and the irrational elements in the ancient myths have sur vived from a time when the ancestors of thoBe people amongst whom the myths were found were in the same ttage of barbarism as the modern savage. Thus wo will arrive at and ascertain the impulse which brought about the gigantic structure of Greek religion which produced the masterpiece of Homer, the widespread and influential religion of Chris tianity with its attendant Dante and Milton. In like manner through the interpretation of the painted caves and carved rocks of Australia and South Africa may we hope to ascertain the impulse which firat brought into existence the works of art which culminated in the symmetrical sculptures of ancient Greece and the masterpieceB of modern art. All these things have served their purpose, and have had their day, but their influence is still felt — their direst descendants! are daily before our eye3 and sounding in our eara. Amid the grandeur of modern Europe, the wonder ful product of civilisation, surrounded by every marvel of science and invention, and within hail of vast storehouaasof learning, museums, libraries, and Universities, many customs and superstitions are of daily occurrence ; seemingly absurd and mean ingless when viewed in the light of- their surround ings, but full of the deepest ethnological importance when analyzed in approved scientific manner. These customs, myths, and superstitions have remained as a chrysalis almost in their present state for ages. Nations have risen from savage hordes, flourished and decayed, way-side villages have developed into cities which are now only monuments of the past. Custom and tradition myth and folklore have survived them all. Under neath the gigantic structure of modern civilization lie the seeming irrational traditional custom and lelief. tha old attribntPR of man's hnrharism present many an outcrop through the even strata laid down by centuries of culture. The reasons for their continuance, given by those who observe them, are, the upholding of tradition and the reBpect for antiquity — they are done for custom's sake because their fathers observed them, or because they believe in them, not knowing why they believe. Thus custom oft doth reason overrate And only serves (or reason to the tool. These immemorial customs, myths, rites, and beliefs, handed down from one generation to another, frequently so rude, irrational, and sense less, have a most singular and peculiar value and significance when it is known that their genealogy extends to a point far beyond historical times, when the original holders of the belief and observers of the customs had not emerged from barbarism. In the far distant dawn of the earth's history, before the nomadic Kushite tribes had exercised their influence npon the Aryan race, prior to the internal disturbance which caused the latter's great division, long before a stone had been laid on the site of Babylon's ruined walls ; ere India had conceived the roughest sketch of her involved theo gony, generations prior to the evolution of the Triple Triangle and the sacred word Om, before Isis wandered weeping by the sacred Nile search ing for the mangled Osiris, ages before a prophet arose in Israel, many of these customs, superstitions and myths existed. In the vast sepulchre of the past are buried in rains most of the religions of man, much of the speculative philosophy which he evolved. One by one they have fallen, superseded by another, but remembrances of them, vestiges of their rites, quaint memorials of their enstoms and myths still remain embedded in the hearts of men, handed down from one generation to another, sur vivals of the myths and customs created by tbe tiny germ of adoration and feai experienced by primitive man with regard to natural phenomena, which his savage nature could not comprehend. (To be continued.) Mr. A. J. Prentice, B.A., moved that the thanks of the society be tendered to Messrs. Pender and Squire for their extremely lucid and interesting papers. Mr. Pender's paper was a little above most of those who had not gone in for the study of eles tricity. In his case, he was extremely thankful to Mr. Pender, because, having- put a little time into its study, and having almost forgotten it, he had had the ' rust knocked off,' and his recollections were now going again slightly. With regard to Mr. Squire's paper, while they gave that gentleman all the credit for it, he took a little to himself for having persuaded Mr. Squire to give it. He thought that gentleman had given them something that night which would set most of those thinking who were inolined to do so. He had given them the general ideas, and if any portion of their ordinary life were inexplicable they knew where to look for it. He did not believe there was a thinking man who had not been puzzled at a period of his life about something of which he could not get an ex planation. This had of ten been the speaker's lot, and it wits while in conversation with Mr. Squire and had learned that he waa reading up this subject that an idea had been given to him which he hoped to carry through. He thought such a paper as Mr. Squire's was within the scope of the Society, and a subject which it should be its aims to bring forward and foster as much as possible. It was a subject any man could take up himself and study by the aid of good books. They existed as a society for the advancement of each and every of them in any branch of scientific research, especially natural and mental science. To Mr. Sqnire for having started a subject such as that, the thanks of the Society and that of all thinking men of Maitland was almost too great for expression. For bis own part he was only too grateful to him, and he hoped they, as members, would acknowledge his services in a proper manner. (Applause.) Mr. F. A. S. Bowdbn seconded the motion, and said the paper of Mr. Pender had interested him greatly, and he hoped it would not be the laBt of the kind they would have. Dr. Liddell said Mr. Squire's paper referred to the many superstitions winch were rife among schoolboys, etc. He had heard it was considered unlucky to allow a baby to be ? weighed. He had had a visit from an old lady who said she did not belieye in doctors; why sbe came to him then he did not know. She had diagnosed her own case. Sbe said she would take his medicine and if it did her no good she would ;go to the undertaker. (Laughter.) The old lady always carried a potato in her pocket. Mr. Sqtiibe said there was also a superstition against awakening a child. The reason, on being traced to old times, showed that in those days it waB considered that in sleep the soul was absent from the body, and if a person were awakened sud denly there was danger that at the precise moment the soul may be absent and would not return to the body. Mr. J. W. Pendeb said he had listened with very much interest to Mr. Squire's paper, because almost from the speaker's infancy these myths and superstitions were very prevalent in Scot land. If any of them were to read Hugh Miller's Legends and Superstitions of the North, they would find some very interesting things indeed. He remembered two boys once going out fishing; one boy laid his fishing rod down and the other stepped over it. The latter refused to come back again,' and the result was a fight. He used to go shooting with a gentleman, who, if he met a certain old dame while going out, would always return, saying they would nevec have any luck. There were numerous traditions in his native place, and if anyone took the subject up they would find it very interesting. TheBe super stitions were not|J confined to the ignorant or illiterate, for he had known an M.A. who would never sit down to a table round which he made the thirteenth. Ho had much pleasure in supporting the motion. MeBsrs. E. Tipper, J. E. Carter, and John Enright referred to the superstitions that if a person were out walking and met three magpies it was considered unlucky, while if a certain kind of spider made a ' clicking' noise someone was sure to die. Mr. A. J. Pbentiob spoke of the superstition that it was considered unlucky for a person to open an umbrella over his or her head in the house. Mr. J. J. Maher drew attention to the fact that if two persona were talking together, and the name of a third was brought up, tbo latter invariably passed about the time. Mr. J. B. Macartney sa-d he was very glad Mr. Squire had lifted away what the speaker thought was a reflection upon natives of Aubtralia aB to their ignorance, by his reference to their knowledge of BBtronomy. He would like a paper from Mr. Squire on a future occasion upon the customs and myths of the aboriginals. The Pbesidbnt said he considered it a matter of regret that two such papers should come on at one meeting, as they could make a splendid evening from each. They found that electricity was coming more into general use every day, and was being applied to every side of life. Mr. Squire's paper, too, was a moat interesting one, and he was glad that gentleman was taking up the work of collecting the myths of the aboriginals of Australia. Future students of the subject would blame them if they did not take advantage of the opportunities now before them. Very little had yet been done in that line, and he uoped Mr. Squire would be successful. The vote of thanks was carried by acclamation. Both gentlemen acknowledged the compliment, and Mr. Squire said he hoped to bring forward other papers of a similar nature. Mr. Macartney had taken the words out of hi* month by suggest ing the aboriginals, aB he liked to make everything as much Australian as possible. The meeting terminated. [We have been asked by Mr. Squire to say that he will be glad to receive accounts of authentic Australian myths which may be in the knowledge of any of our readers. We shall be glad to be the medium of communication in the matter. — Ed. 3f.3f.] 