A LIFE SENTENCE. By Adeline Sergeant, . Author " Jnoobi's "Wife." "Under False Frotonoos," , "Roy's .Repentance," " DoTeril'sDinmond," &o.;, &o.; \- .W-". / v,v. .v.. j . '"v I Ail Queensland Rianw Rksebybd. CHAPTER XXII.-CamfMw.Y Hubert glanced at Madame della Soala. She was sitting with her hands folded, a placid smile of achievement on her lips ; she had produced the impression that, she wished to - make, and for once was completely satisfied; Hubert read it in her look. Cynthia was ourtseyingto the audience when for the first time Hubert caught her eye — or rather it was for the fiiBt time only that Bho allowed him to see that she observed him ; as a matter. of fact she had been conscious of his presence ever since she ontered the concert-room. Sho flushed a quick e mile at him, bowed openly in his direotion, and — as if by accident— touched the- belt of her dress. He was quiok enough to see what she meant ; some flowers from hiB bouquet were fastened at her waist- He half rose from his seat, involuntarily, and almost as if he wanted to join her on the platform, then sat down nguin, vexed at his own movement and blushing like a schoolboy. He did not know what- had come to him, ho told himself; for a moment hebad been quite embarrassed and overwhelmed by thiB girl's bright glance and smile. Sho was certainly very hnnd- somo ; and it was embarrassing — yes, it was decidedly a little embarrassing — to he recognised hv her so publicly at the vory moment of her first success. " 'Know her?' said n voice at his shoulder — it was the voice of a critic. 'Why, she's fimt rate ! Isn't she the girl who used to play small parts at the Frivolity ? "Who discovered that she had a voice ?' ' Old Lalli, I believe— -first violin in the orchestra,' said Hubert. ' Ah ! Did he teach her then ? How did sho get to Della Seala? That woman's oharges are enormous — as big as Lumberti's !' . ' Couldn't say, I'm sure,' returned Hubert with perfect coolness. ' Woll, Delia Scala's made a big hit this time, at any rate. Old Mitoham's prowling about — from. Coveut Garden — do you see him ? That girl will have an engagement before tlie duy's out — mark my words ! There hasn't been suoh u brilliant success' for the last ten years.' And then the second part of the con cert was begun, and Hubert was left in peace. Cynthia's second song was a greater success even than the first. There, could he no doubt that she would attain a great height in her profession if she wished to do so ; sho had n splendid organ, she had been well taught, and she wusreinarkably handsome. Her stage training prevented nervousness ; and that she had dramntio talant was evidenced by her singing of the two airs put down for her in the pro gramme. But she took everybody by surprise when she was enoored. Instead of repeating hor last aria, she said a word in the accompanist's eur, and launched at once into the song of Schubert's which she had sung in Hubert's room. It was a complete change from the Italian music that con stituted the staple of Madamo della Scala's concert; but it revealed new capabilities of passion in the singer's voice, and was not unwelcome, oven to Hadume herself, as showing the girl's talent and versatility. As she passed off the platform, Madame caught the girl in \- her aims, and kissed her enthusiastically. The pupil's success was the teacher's succcbs, and Mudumo was dolightod ac cordingly. Hubert was leaving the room at the conclusion of the eonoert, when an attendant accosted him. ' Beg pardon, sir. Mr. Lepel, sir P ' Yes ; what is it ? ' ' Miss West told me to give you this, sir,' and ho put a twisted Blip of paper into Hubert's hand. Hubert turned aside and opened the note. He could have smiled at its abrupt ness — so like what he already kuew of' Cynthia West. ' Why didn't you come round in the intorval and let me thank you ? If I have been successful it is ull owing to you. Please come to see us this evening if you can ; I wunt vory muoh to consult you. You know my address. Madame won't let me stay now. \- , 'O.W.' ' Impetuous little creature.' Hubert smiled to himself — although Cynthia was not little in stature by any means. He thrust tlio note into his pocket, and went homo to dine and dress. Ho knew Madame dolla Benin's ways. This old lady, with whom Cynthia was now stay ing, loved to hold a little reoeptibn on tho evening of the day of her yearly concert, and Bho would be delighted to see Mr. Lepel, although rfhe had not sent him uny formal invitation. For Cynthia's Bake ho inude up his miud to go. ' For Cynthia's suke.' ; . How lightly he Baid the words 1 In nftor-days no words were fraught with deeper and sadder suggestion for him; none bowed him down more heavily with a sense of obligation and ,'Bhame and passipnnto remorse than these ; '-' For Cynthia's sake !' '' ; He went that night- to Madame della Scale's house, and sat for a full hour, in a urn conservatory ngncea wicn umnese lanterns, alone with Cynthia West. ' . ' CHAPTER XXIII. ' -V, ' I don't know how it is,' grumbled the General, 'but Enid looks ."scarcely any better than she did before this precious engagement of hers. : You made me think that she would be perfeotly happy if she had her own way ; bat I must say, Connie, that I see no improvement.' «' ; Connie, lying oh a sofa, and holding a -: fan over her eyes, as though to shut out the eight of hor husband's bowed .- shoulders and venerable white head, answered languidly: — f You forget tliut, you did only half of . ' what you wero expected to do. You . would hot consent to a definite engage- :.' ment until she should be eighteen years old ; she is eighteen now, and" vet you V are holding back. Suspense of suoh a . sprt is very trying to a girl.' ' - The General, who had been standing , - "bpside her, >at do wa in a largo apmoliuir . and looked very vexed. : \- ' ' I don't oare,' lie said, obstinately— \- . -'I'm not going to have my little girl dis- posed of in-euoh a hurry! ' She shall not ibe engaged to anybody ; just ; yet ; and until -she is- twenty or -twenty-one she Bhan't he married. ; "Why, ' Bhe's had. no- girlhood at all! - She's- only, just out -of the schoolroom bow. : Eightefen is no-. thing!' . . ' P:' Waiting and uncertainty are bad for a girl's spirits,' said -Mrs. Vane. ,. ' You. can do as you please, of oourso, about her- engagement ; but you must not expect her to look delighted over the delay.'. The General put his hands on his knees and leaned forward mysteriously,. .) ' Connie,' he suid, 'I doirit wish to make you anxious, dear; but do you think Hubert really cares for her ?' \- Connie lowered her fun; there was a touch of angry colour, in her faco. ' What are you going to say next, General ? Why should Hubert have asked Enid to marry him if he were not in love with liur?. He.liad, no doubt, plenty of opportunities of asking Other people.' « Yes— yes ; but Enid is very sweet and vory lovoly, my dear. Yqu don't often Roe a more hoautiiul girl. I should not like her to innrry a man who was not attached to her.' Connie controlled her anger, and spoke in- a careless tone. \- ' What makes you take such funoies in your head, dear ?' 'Well — more than one thing. To begin with, I found Enid wandering up and down tho conservatory just now looking as pale as a ghost, with tears in hor eyes. - I rallied for a little, and asked her to tell mo what was the mattor, but she would not say. And then I asked if it lmd anything to do with Hubert, and whether she had hoard from him lutely ; and do you know, Connie, she has had no letter from him for a fortnight ! How, in my day, although postage was dearer than it is pow, we wouldn't have waited a. fortnight before writing, to the woman that we loved.' '' Hubert is a very busy man ; he lias not time for tho writing of, love-letters,' said Connie, slightly. . ,' He ought not to be too busy to make her happy.' ! ' You forget too,' said Mrs. Vane, ' that Hubert has no private fortune. He is working harder than ever just now — toiling with all hie might and main to gain a competency — not for his own, but for Enid's sake. Poor boy,' he is often harassed on all sideB ! ' She drew a little sigh, ss if she wore sorrowing for him. ' I'm sure Enid does not harass him;' said the General, getting up and pucing about the room in a hurry ; ' she is sweetness itself ! And, as to money, why did he propose to her if he hadn't enough to keep her 011 ? Of course Enid will have a nice little fortune — he needn't doubt that ; but I shall tie it up pretty tightly when she marries, and settle it all upon herself. You may tell him that from mo if you like, with my compli ments!' The General was excited — he was hot and breathing hard. ' He must have an incomo to put ngainst it— that's all ; lie's not going to live on his wife's fortune.' Poor Hubert — I don't suppose he ever thought of such a thing,' said Connie, affecting to laugh at her husband's vehemence, but weighing every word she uttered with scrupulous care. ' Indeed, if he had known that she would have money, I don't suppose ho would ever haVe asked her to marrv him. He be lieved her to he all but penniless.' ' And what right had he to believe that ?' shouted the General, looking more apoplectio thuu ever. . At which Conuie softly sighed, and said, 'My nerves, dear!' closod her eyes, and held n vinaigrette to her nose. The General was quieted at once, ' I beg your pardon, my dear — I forgot that I must not talk so loudly in your room,' he said, apologetically. ' But my feelings get the better of me when I think of ray poor little Euid looking so white and mournful. And so Hubert's working hard fox h'er, is ho? Poor lad ! Of course I shall not forget him either in piy will — you onn tell him so if ynu like — and Enid's future is assured ; but he must not neglect her— mustn't let her shed tears and make those pretty blue eyes of hers dim— you must' teil him that.', . , The General grows' more and more foolish every day,' said Connie to herself with disgust— 'a garrulous old dotard!' But she spoke very sweetly. ' I will talk to him if you, like, "dear ; but I do not think lie' means to hurt or neglect poor Enid. He is ooming.down to-ttTOrrow to spend Easter with us ; that will'pleaso her, will it not ? I have been keeping it a secret from her; I wanted to give her n.surprise. It will bring the colour oaok to her pale cheeks— will it not, you kind, Bynipat-hotici old dour ?' Connie's white hand was laid caress ingly on the General's arm. The old soldior rose to the bait. Ho raised it at once to hie mouth, and kissed it as devoutly as ever he had saluted the hand of his Queen. My : dear,' he said, '' you are always right ; you are a wonderful woman— so clever, so beautiful, so good!' ..Did she hot ' shiver as she heard the words ? ' 1 will leave it in- your hands— you know how to manage everyone !' ,- . .' Dear Richard,' said Connie, with a faint' smile, ' all -that,I do is" for your sake.' / And with these words she dis missed him radiantly happy, , ' . = Left to her own raeditationB, the ex-' pression of her face changed' at once ; ..it- grew Btern, hard, and cold'; there was an , unyielding look about the lines ; of;her, features which reminded one of the: fixity of a fhask or a marble statue. She. lay tiamnhntr mnfinnlnos fnti .o flma Eam a m>n prv,'wV' »»va»wuiooo vi ». euuO IIC1 wjOB fixed on the wall /before her; then she put up hor hand and touohed a bell at her side. ; > . . . ' /Almost immediately the door opened to admit her nlaid-U thin upright woman with dark eyes and curly , dark hair dis posed sojhBto hide the tell-tale - wrinkles on her brow and the crow's feet at the corners of her eyes. : She wore1 pink bows and a smart little' cup and apron of youth ful stylo ; but it would have been evident to the eye of a keen observer that she was no longer young. She closed the dop behind her, and curae to her mistress's side. , . Constance paused for a minute or two, then spoke in a voice of so harah and metallic a quality that her husband would , Boarcely' have recognisod it as hers. I / 'You have been negleotiug your' duty.: You have not made any report to. me for nearly a week.' '/ . 'You have not asked me ;,'fo'r onp, ma'am.' , . . ' I do not expect to have to ask you. You are to come to me whenever there is anything to. eny.' The woman stood eilent, hut there woe a protest in her, very bearing,: in the pose of ; her hands, the 0 expression . of her mouth and eyebrows; Connie looked at her onoe, then turned her head away and said : > - ' Go on.' . ' There is nothing of importanoe to tell; you, ma'am.' , ' How do you know what is important and what is not?- For -inBtanoe,. Miss- Enid was found by the General orying in the. conservatory '<thiR morning.- Lwanti to know why the oried.' The maid— whose name was Parker- sniffed significantly as she replied : - ' It's not eusy to tell why young ladies cry, ma'am. The wind's in the east— perhaps that has something to do with it.' 'Oh, very well!' said Mrs.- Vane coldly. 'If the wind is in' the east, and that 1b nil, Parker; you had better find some position in the world in which your talents will be of more use to you than: they are to me. I will give you a month's pay instead of tho usual notioo, and you oan leave Beech field to- night.' The maid's face turned a. little pale. \- ' I'm sure I beg pardon, ma'am,' she said rather hurriedly ; 'I didn't mean that I had nothing to say. I — I've served you as well as I could, ma'am; ever since I came.' There was something not unlike a tear in hor beady black eyes. to bb oontinubd to- homtow.J 