j ST. JOHN'S, NEW TOWN. THE CITIES OF REFUGE. By the Rev. George O. Gbubb, M.A. in what part of Scripture am I to find a full Christ Well, the twentieth chapter of Joshua is about the heat chapter I know, in order to get a fullafChrist. " The Lord also spake unto Joshua; saying, speak to the children of Israel, saying, appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses : That the slayer that killeth any person unawares, and unwittingly, may flee thither and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood." "Well," you say, "I don't see much of Jesus in that chapter. That is because you are blind i but I pray that you may get a full-length portrait of Jesus to-night. I am going to preach about Kedeab, Sbechem, Hebron, Bezer, ? Ratnotb, and Golan. Those are the six cities of of age I appointed for the children of Israel. All God's children are to dwell there, and be ever there. Anyone who has killed unawares, who is a murderer, is to fly there and be saved. The first city is Kedah, and, remember, these cities were appointed by God, and their geographical positions were appointed by God. And no other cities would do. Suppose an Israelite who killed a man was to say, " There is Jerusalem, I will fly there, and I will be saved." The avenger of blood would drag him from that city. There are many people who trust in their particular Church to save them. You will be dragged from your Jerusalem. You may be preaching the praises of your Zion, but Jerusalem won't save you ; only the cities appointed by God. The avenger of blood in the type of the law. The law of God is against you, until you have taken refuge in one of those cities. I know I am speaking to a congregation of murderers to-night ; we have all been murderers unawares. God holds the whole world guilty of the murder of His Son, because Jesus joined himself to our humanity in a bond that cannot be broken, and our glorious humanity murdered the Son of God This is my estimate of civilised and educated humanity. Dear souls, I beseech you to remember this, that your righteousness is a filthy thing in the sight of God, and that you are worth nothing until you have taken refuge in God's appointed cities. And Kedeah (it means a' sanctuary ") is the first city. I believe these cities were specially chosen, because of the meaning of the words, by God-the Holy Ghost because there is not a single superfluous word in that book. The murderer was to fly into the city, then he was saved. The image is taken from the man rushing into the holy place, and laying hold of the altar of sacrifice, and once he did that, the avenger of blood could not touch him. Have you laid hold upon the horns of the altar t Are you saved OF 1 unconverted soul here to-night, the avenger of blood is on thy track. Sooner or later thou wilt come face to face with an angry God if they dont not mind. Tby sin is tracking the, murderer, mur- day or, unforgiven soul, fly for thy life to-night, and look not behind I lay hold of the blood-stained altar on Calvary The next place is the city of Sbechom, which means " back or shoulder." What are we to learn from the shoulder of Christ ? It is the place where He puts the sheep when He has I found him. He goes seeking for the lost sheep, and when He has found him He lifts him on His shoulder, rejoicing, and brings him home and He says, "Rejoice with Me, for I have found My sheep which was lost. Praise be to God! He took me on His shoulder, and I have been there ever since and I have not the smallest intention of coming down either. For, remember, the shoulder is also the place where Jesus carries all His people, and all their burdens. " The Government shall be upon His shoulder." Aaron, too, was commanded to have an onyx stone engraved with the names of the Twelve Tribes of Israel, and to bear it on his shoulder when he went into the presence of the world for a memorial. So the names of all Christ's people are engraved in letters on His shoulder, and on His heart. Remember, it is a very foolish thing if you don't allow Christ to carry you. There was an Irishman who had four miles to go to market, with rather a big sack of potatoes to carry on one occasion. A kind-hearted farmer, passing him on the road, and seeing " Paddy " with his heavy load, told him to get up and Bit behind. "All right," said Teddy, and so up he got and the farmer drove along. After going some distance about a mile he looked behind, and saw Paddy in the rear still carrying his potatoes and he said, " Why do you still hold the potatoes ? " and Paddy replied, "Sure, and I did not like to put the extra weight on the horse." .' Well," you will say, "That was a very foolish Paddy," but I beg to say that Christians are more foolish than that man, and when you laugh you are only laughing at yourselves. Don't you think Jesus is not only strong enough to carry you, but your burdens also ; your back of potatoes as well as yourself ? Plenty of people have come to me, and I have asked, "Are you saved?" and they say, "Yes, but I owe a little money, and my wife is not well, and I have a son whom I am anxious about There are a whole heap of things worrying me, I am troubled with 30,000 burdens." He can carry those and you too, and He won't feel the extra weight. So now you poor burdened Christians, cast all your burdens on Christ, as you enter into the city of Shechora, a city into which you are carried on the shoulder of Jesus. But Jesus will do far more than that. Ob, will He! Then what a splendid Saviour He is. What is the next city of refuge ? It is the City of Hebron, and the word Hebron means friendship." When you know Jesus as your sanctuary and burden- bearer, you get on intimate terms of friendship with your Lord Jesus. Your most intimate friend is the person you tell the smallest trifles to, because that shows you believe that person will take an interest in the merest trifles of your life. I want you to be on such terms with Jesus, that you will tell him the trifles of your life. Begin with the trifles play about everything; there is nothing too small to pray about. May God make you truly intimate with Jesus, for that, indeed, is the life of Heaven upon earth. No secrets kept back from your Lord and Saviour that is what Jesus will teach you in the city of Hebron. Now, we will go a step further, the next city of refuge is Besar. The word Bayer means " fortress." Here you come to know Jesus as your castle, as your fortress, as your strong refuge against all the powers of the enemy, because, believe me, if you get any real blessings during this Mission, you will be persecuted, and the Devil will open the temptations of bell to your soul. The moment Jesus was baptised of the Holy Ghost, He was driven into the wilderness to be tempted. And so your faith is always being tried. Some- times a furnace is heated twenty times hotter than it is wont to be heated, and you are thrown into the midst of it but if Jesus walks with you, the only thing it does is to burn off your hands. Nebuchadnezzar says : " Did we not cast three men into the fire, and how is it we see four men ! And the fourth is like the Son of God." Nebuchad- nezzar, I cannot explain those things to you. God is walking by His persecuted children. " When thou passest through the fire, I will be with thee. When thou passest through, not when you avoid it. When we pass through the fire Jesus will be with us, and the fire will only burn off the hands. The fire of persecution will set you perfectly free The trial of your faith is more precious than gold. When you get into Christ as Bezer, when you trust Jesus to be your fortress and your castle, you are surrounded by Christ on all sides, and Jesus is impregnable. I would like to know what fire or dress can pass through Jesus, Christ will be a wall of re to me on the right band and the left, and will burn up my enemies on every side. In put time., possibly, you trusted in Jesus to be your Bezer, and when Satan knocked at the door of your castle for admission, you would run down to answer the door, and as you parleyed with the Devil, he would of course set the better of the argument, and you would be defeated. But if you are clothed in Christ, and the enemy comes venturing at the door for admiration, when you are about to open it the Lord say. "Stand back! Let Me open the door. I'll answer it." And He goes down and answer the door, and the Devil meets his Master. And all you have to do is to stay on the battlement! and admire the country round about That is the victory and life of faith. That is what living in Christ means. The life I now live, I live by faith in the Son of God. That is the secret of perpetual victory over the flash over the world, and over the wires of the wicked one. Let us come to No. 3 : What is the fifth city appointed? Ramotb, which means high place," or, as it is called in the Epistle to the Ephesians, " heavenly places." How are we to get up into the heavenly places ? You want a long ladder, but it has been let down from heaven to earth, and all you have to do is to climb up. God has placed us with every spiritual blessing in heavenly places. The heavenly places are the outskirts of Heaven. Bunyan perfectly understood what this heavenly place was. He called it the Land of Beulah. Christian and Hopeful got there before they got to the river. And you can be there too. What is Bunyan's description of this heavenly place ? He says Christian and Hopeful go into the Land of Beulah, and in this land the sun doth always shine ; the birds do their merrily all day long ; yes, the birds of Paradise come and visit the land, and the turrets of Doubting Castle are out of sight. Have you done with Doubting Castle? Because if you doubt your Saviour, You have not yet got into the Land of Beulah, there are no doubts about Jesus in the Land of Beulah, when the sun. shines all Um day long I 5s, 