MARY, THE MODEL OF WOMEN. By Cardinal Gibbons. We judge the moral standard of a nation by the models held up to it. The model held up to Christian women is not the Amazon, glorying in martial deeds and prowess. It is not the Spartan woman, who made female perfection consist in the development of physical strength at the expense of feminine decorum and modesty. It is not the goddess of impure love, like Venus, whose votaries regarded beauty of form and personal charms as the highest type of female excellence. The model held up to her is not the goddess of Imperial will, like Juno. No ! the model presented for the imitation of Christian women is Mary, the Mother of Our Blessed Redeemer. She is the great pattern of virtue, alike to maiden, wife, and mother. She exhibits the virginal modesty becoming the maid, the conjugal love and fidelity of the wife, and the untiring care and devotion of the mother. The Christian woman is everywhere met by this great model; Mary's portrait gazes down on her from the walls of her chamber. Her name occurs again and again in the pages of the prayer book. Her eulogy is fre quently pronounced from the pulpit. Altars and pulpits are dedicated in her honor. Festivals commemorating every phase of her life are celebrated through out the year. In a word, the Virgin Mother is indelibly stamped on her intellect, on her heart, her memory, and her imagination. The influence, therefore, of the Blessed Virgin, in the moral elevation of woman, can hardly be over-estimated. She is the perfect combination of all that is good, and great, and noble in pagan womanhood, without any alloy of degra dation. Do you 6eek her exquisite beauty ? You will find it in her. But hers is the beauty more of the soul than of the body. It is a beauty that delights without intoxicating. The contemplation of her excites 110 inward rebellion, as too often happens with Grecian models. She is the mother of fair love, devoid of sickly sentimentality and sensuality. Do you seek for force of character and strength of will ? You will find it in her—but it is a force of will which springs from an upright conscience and sense of duty. Do you seek for courage, fortitude, and heroism ? You will find it in her without the sacrifice of female 'grace and honor. She displays a heroism more of silent suffering than of noisy action. What Spartan woman exhibited so much forti tude as Mary at the foot of the Cross, when she stands undismayed, devouring the insults offered to her Son. It seems to me some writers are dis posed to lay undue stress on the amiable and tender qualities of Mary, and of other holy women, without dwelling sufficiently on the strong and robust points of their character. The Holy Scripture in one place pronounces a lengtheiled eulogy on woman. What does the Holy Ghost especially admire in her ? It is not the sweet and amiable temper, or the gentle disposition; though, of course, these vir tues she possessed, for no woman is perfect without them. The Holy Ghost admires her courage, her fortitude, and her sturdy character of self-reliance. " Who shall find," He says, " a valiant woman? Far and from the uttermost coasts is the price of her." It is only heroic virtues, or virtues practised in a heroic degree, that the church canonises. Mothers aiid wives, it requires no heroic degree of virtue to fulfil the mission that God has assigned to you. These virtues will be acquired by prayer, and by con templating Mary. Every impartial student of history is forced to admit that woman is indebted to the Catholic religion for the elevated station she enjoys to-day in the social and family life. We all know in what con tempt and degradation woman was held in pagan times. She was in a state of perpetual bondage and perpetual tutelage. She was treated rather as the slave of man and the instrument of his passions, than as his equal and champion; and she is still so regarded in all countries where Christianity does not prevail. The Catholic Church, following the teachings of the gospel and of St. Paul, proclaims woman the peer and equal of man. " Ye are all," says St. Paul, " the children of God by faith, which is in Christ Jesus. . . . . there is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither servant nor free man, there is neither male nor female." The meaning is that, in the distribution of His gifts, God makes no distinction between nation and nation, between bond and free, between male and female. As man and woman are made of the same clay, and have the same destiny, so are they equal in dignity. As they are chil dren of the same God, redeemed by the same Blood of Jesus Christ; as they share in the same gifts of the Holy Ghost, and aspire to the same heavenly inheritance, so should they share alike in the blessings and prerogatives of domestic life. But it is chiefly by vindicating the sanctity of marriage that the church has elevated the female sex. The holiness of marriage is the palladium of woman's dig nity ; while polygamy and divorce involve her in bondage and degradation. The church has ever maintained the unity and indissolubity of the marriage tie. She has declared that 110 man can have more than one wife, and that death alone can sever the ties ! " What God hath joined together, let 110 man put asunder." She has proclaimed this , law to prince and peasant. She has upheld it against the opposition of kings and the violence of human passions. Mothers and wives, how sad and pitiable would your condition be to-day, if your destiny were in the hands of the Reformers of the sixteenth century. Henry VIII. asked the Pope to have him divorced from his lawful wife, Catherine. The Pope refused ; but Cranmer, the Reformed Bishop of Canterbury, gave him the desired dispen sation. Luther and Melancthon allowed Philip Landgrave of Hesse-Cassel to have two wives at the same time. What a debt of gratitude, therefore, woman owes to the Catholic Church. If virginal and conjugal chastity are held to-day as the brighest gem that can adorn her person ; if she is regarded as the peer of her husband and not as his slave, like the wives among the Asiatic nations, she is honored as the mistress of the household, and not merely a tenant-at-will, like the wives in pagan Greece and Rome ; if she is respected as the queen of the domestic kingdom, to be dethroned only by death ; and if her jurisdiction and empire is not divided among rival queens, like Mormon and Mohammedan wives—she is indebted for these blessings to the Catholic Church, which has upheld the sanctity of marriage, and especially to the Sovereign Pontiffs, who have ever vindicated the rights of woman against the encroachments of sovereigns and the passions of man. {To he concluded next tceek.) 