MS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO- AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Authoress cf 'An Australian Heroine,' 'Policy and Passion,' 'Nadine,' 'Misa Jacobseu's Chance,' 'Arina,' 'The Romance of a Station,' and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) ' The Right Honorable,' 'The Ladies' Gallery,' &c;, &c; [Published by special arrang-ement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chaptek XV.— Down With the Fever. It was a week later. Clave Tregabiciss was alone at Mount Wonibo. TregaskiES and Mr. Hansen had started oif with packhorseB to bring back what they could save from tho wreckage of the drays. Mr. Hansen had re turned with Jo Rainm and his team of bullocks pressed into the service, carrying most of tho loading, but Tregaskiss had gone to Uganda and' was still absent. Times were turbulent just now on tho Leura, and no dcubt be vyiBnea to oe wnere nis presence was niosti likely to be useful — at the headquarters of the pastoralist committee. So his wife reasoned. He had offered a reward in hopes of discover ing the perpetrators of the outrage ujKtn hia horses, and it was owint? to his urgent com plaints as much as to Mr. Cusack's frenzied entreaties for police protection that a uiilitary patrol had been told off for the district and a force of special constables enrolled. The delayed shearing was proceeding vigor ously at Brinda Plains and at other of the largo sheep stations employing southern labor, and so incensed were the unionist! il.r.i; they threatened to burn every one of the wool sheds, and to wreck the train bearing wool bales from Cedar Hill to Port Victoria. There was little or nothing to fear for Mount Wombo, unless it were on the score of Trukas kiss's jiersonal unpopularity, to which no doubt was owing the loss ho had sustained in the sticking up to his drays. Mount Wombo, Darra-Darra, aud a few others were cattle stations, and employed but a few men. Tre gaskiss, at any rate, appeared to take it for granted that his wife waB perfectly safe with no other protectors than Sliaad and the two Chinamen. Hansen had gone back to the out station, where he was more needed, as a muster was going on, and, besides, there was extra work at the bore in view of the continued drought, and even Mr. Shane1 was absent a whole day at a time carrying rations thither. Clare Tregaskuss was not nervous in tho sense in which ordinary women are nervous. In fact, she rather relished the filip to her monotonous existence. And then — oh miser able certainty, long since established in hec mind, the absence of her husband was an un told relief. She roused herself by an effort of will from the dreamy mood into which she had lately fallen. She had got into a way of brooding restlessly upon the limitations of her lot. Geueste's words haunted her. It did seem hard that she should never laiow the sweetest of human joys. He had known it, or he could not have spoken with so much fervor. Had lie then so loved the worthless woman upon whom he had so nearly, according to Blauchard, thrown away hi3 life ? Could she have been worthless if h'o so loved her ? She wondered and wondered, and Bomehow in their brief acquaintance every look, word, and gesture of Geueste's seemed .to stand out and acquire a new eignificance. She wbb wise enough to know that this brooding was unhealthy, lut her very prei occupation enabled her to bear more easily the jar of Tregaskiss's companionship. Now that le was gone she could throw herself niora readily into her daily tasks. ^ She Bet to work upon some calico frocks for Ning, and began a campaign against 'Gusta's negligences. She had the bachelors' quarters cleansed and re organised, the store put tidy, and certain alterations made in the arrangement of the furniture ot tno nouse. M.uch or tins she dia with her own hands ; aud it was in trying to move a heavy table that Bhe strained her back* and then one day discovered that her body waa aching disproportionately and that she was very cold, though the thermometer stood over 100 deg. When the fits of shivering were fol lowed by severer pain and by fever and giddi ness she knew without being told that suo waa in for a touch of Northern fever. The second day that it racked her— or rather the fourth from her seizure, for this fever holdB its victim on alternate days— as ill-luck would have it, butchers came, and Mr. Shand waa compelled to take them to a distant part vi via 323 ?run, which involved two nights away from the head station. He left her with uneasiness and regret, but he could do nothing except send a message to Tregaskiss by the mailman who was passing and another to Jo Eamm's wife, who was camped with her husband's drays some 20 Jmiles distant, begging her to take the first opportunity of getting toMount Wombo. Mrs. Ramm was one of the resouroes of the district when Bervants ran short or a sick nurse was wanted. . All day Clare lay aching, burning, and dizzy, with barely energy enough to take such simple remedies as suggested themselves, and helpless under the clumsy ministrations of the half caste, Gusta, and Ah Sin. She remained stretched upon the sofa in the drawing-room,, wrapped in her opossum cloak, seeing curious visions and deluded by wandering fancies, longing, when she could think collectively, that the hours would pass and bring her to the off day of comparative ease. It was 4 o'clock. Ning was playing with her doll by her mother's side acting a tragedy of Debil-debiL The child's imagination, fed by the legends of the blacks' caiup, had of late been exercising itself upon this mythical personage. 'Piccaninny, you step inside there,' re hearsed Ning, putting her doll in the centre of a circle on the carpet defined by tiny heaps of twigs which she called her fires. She had seen daribel lightfires round the playground tokeep Debil-debil away. ' Mummy, my make plenty fire, and suppose Debil-debil look after picca ninny, lie sit dowu alongside fire and picca ninny quite safe. Cobbon old, that fellow Debil-debil; Cobbon cold — like it, Mummy. Ba'al he got him possumrug. Budgery fire— my mean very good fire. No touch Ning's piccaninny.' But Niner's dramatic instinct demanded thai piccaninny should be nauprhty and stray beyond the circle into the clutches of Debil-debil, who was represented by ?a nigger doll mutilated and of forbidding aspect. Piccaninuy . was lost under the flofa, whither Debil-debil had carried her, and Ning tragically roamed the room wring ing her hands like a bereft dementer ; while ehe sang a blacks' ' Ugal, ' whhh the half caste had taught her as the accepted form of exorcism for 'Debil-debil,' or the night roamer Yo-wi, or the snake monster Wa-wi, or any other spirit or ' wunda' whatsover. Yuru dhari nje, yuri dtiari nje, Dula ranja burula, yuri dhari nje ; 'Oh, Ning child, don't make so much noise. Mummy has a headache. Mummy is very sick.' The dogs barked outside. The thud of a horse's hoofs sounded in the yard. Had the unionists come, Clare wondered vaguely. J^ing ceased her outcries as Gusta entered. 'Please, Mrs. Tregaskiss, it's a gentleman.' Clare roused herself and turned her dazed eyea to the door to encounter the anxious gaze of Geneste. 'You are ill,' he exclaimed, 'and there's nobody to look after you.' ? ' Mummy's sick, and piccaninny belonging to me is sick, and debil-debil bas carried her off, and Ning has been a good girl, Dr. Geneste, and has not done anything to make Mummy worse,' announced Ning upon her knees by the sofa, diving for the Io3t doll which she had flung far towards the wall. ' All right, Piccaninny ; let me come near your mother and see what is the matter with her. Ah, I know what it is.' He had her hand in his and his fingers upon her pulse, 'You have got a touch of fever. When did it come on ?' ' I don't know ? I'm all aching and con fused. Yes, I suppose it's fever. Is Keith with you?' 'He's at Uganda harrying the pastbralist committee. They've been having rows there. No, the fact is Rodd passed and left some sort of message about your being alone, and that I was to tell Tregaskiss if I saw him, and as I didn't quite like the notion of your being left with only those two Chinamen I hurried along. Lucky I did too. Mrs. Tregaskiss, this won t do. Y ou must be got to bed at once.' He went out and called Gusta and Claribel, and among them they prepared Clare's bed, and. he carried her in, leaving the two women to undress her. Afterwards he routed about Tregaskiss's office, and found the medicine chest and the medicine he wanted. When he Came back Clare was in bed, her eyes wild and speech wandering. There were alternations of shivering and fever, and he saw that she was in for rather a bad bout. He gave her laudanum to induce perspiration, and by and by she got quieter. With Ihe deftness of a nurse he moved about, getting her all that could make her more comfortable, and oddly enough there seemed nothing strange to her in his attendance ; It was as though she had been used to it long, long ago, and his very pre sence brought a sense of rest and soothing indescribably deb'ghtfuL Geneste was perplexed. Clearly she was not in a condition to be left to the tender mercies of the half-caste and the incompetent Gusta. He mentally ran his eye over the list of neighbors, but the only one near was Mrs. Carmody, who needed tearing for even more than Clare. He thought of motherly Mrs. Cusack and sympathetic Helen, but Briuda Plains was fifty -five miles distant and in a state of siege, all the men on the station sleeping with firearms in readiness, expecting, while the free shearers were at work, an attack on the woolshed. There was not even a stock man's wife available at Darra Darra ; and he had given up the idea of procuring a nurse as hopeless when the recollection of Mrs. ltamtn, the bullock-drover's wife, camped half way be tween the two stations, came to him as an in spiration. Thate rening when Clare wassleeping under the influence of the opium, he saddled one of Tregaskiss's horses, put a sidesaddle on the quietest of the lady's hacks, and went at full speed in search of Mrs. Rainm. It was 20 miles to Joe's camp, and good riding was needed for them to reach Mount Wombo by breakfast time. ' I have brought someone to look after you,' no Baid to Mrs. Tregaskiss, when, after having bathed and dressed, he came to pay her a pro fessional visit. Sh3 looked the ghost of herself, so pulled down was she and so shaken. Mrs. Ramm came in behind him, and made an awkward salutation to the eick mistress. She was the roughest-looking of creatures, short, thick-set, broad-featured, her face pitted with smallpox marks, her wiry iron-grey hair cropped close ' for the convenience of it,' her lianas huge, red, and apparently designed by nature for the use of a scrubbing-brush. But she was scrupulously clean, and her short dark blue skirt and striped jacket were fresh from the wash. '?Mrs. Ramra,' murmured Clare in astonish ment. ' ' Where did you come from ?' ' It's the doctor himself that rode over to the camp last night and fetched me. My word, Mrs. Tregaskiss, I'd have ridden a hundred miles to see a decent woman again. It's a year and more that 'I've trudged along beside Ramm and the bullook- dray, or else 'sat on the wool bales ; and now I'm camping by myself close agen the Bore, while he does a lob for the road surveyors. I just went to the men's camp to clean up. Lord, it was dirty ! I ain't no great shakes, and then men laughed fine at me with my house under the dray. But I says, ' Them as lives in glass houses shouldn't shy stones at them as lives in drays,' and I had the laugh of them when I saw their muck.' Clare turned an eloquent look of gratitude on Geneste. How her face had changed, he thought. It had lost that strange masked look. Or was it only when Bhe looked at him that it reflected her real inner self ? ' You went all that way to bring her ? You must have been on horseback the whole night. And you did it for me !' 'You forget I'm used to that sort of thing. I really couldn't feel happy about you in the hands of Claribel and Gusta. Mrs. Ramm may not be an accomplished nurse, but she knows how to make a bed, anyhow, and can keep things a bit tidy about you.' ''Deed, sir,' said Mrs. Ramm, bridling up as she paused in the act of dusting the looking glass, 'you mus'n't think I'm not used to gentlefolks' ways. Before I married Ramm I was servant to the Mr. Micklethwaites as was just straight from a castle in England. And if you'd a just seen that house. Satin cushions, my word, and a Brussels carpet and hair brushes with a silver letter ou 'em — for- all the world like yours, Mrs. Tregaskiss. Not but what you've got a nice place here, and Ramm he do say it does his heart good to look at the gimcracks and flowers about. I allcrs holds on to flowers, and I mind well how thinks I at them Micklethwaites, Lor this droring-room do look that cheerless with not a green sprout or a lady in it. And I gets a dish and puts water in it and picks a lot of shallot tops —there warn't nothing but vegetables — and sticks them in ; and, my word, they did look fine and they smelled beautiful. Them gentle men was that pleased they laughed to split their sides when they seed 'em.' ' Well you needn't put shallot tops here Mrs. Ramm, for there are plenty of flowers in the garden. And now you shall go aud see if All Sin hasn't got something good for Mrs. Tregaskiss's breakfast, and you shall set Ah Sin at once to kill a chicken for broth, and I trust to you to bring it to your patient regu larly.' ' You are very good to me,' said Clare softly when they were alone. *' I don't like to trouble you so.' He had been preparing a dose, and gave it to her to swallow Defore he replied. Then he stooped do'.yn and touched her hand. He had the physician's touch, cool and healing— a touch which has always some thing of a magnetic effect upon the nerves. ' Let me be good to myself by stopping a day or two and trying to be good to you,' he said, with a tender intonation in his voice. ' You need it, and there are not many to be good to you.' She did not answer. All day he came in and out, caring for and arranging things for her comfort just as her mother or sister might have done. When she said this to liim he laughed and answered that it showed doctoring was his real vocation, since he took up his old trade so naturally. He put her food before her him self, arranging the tray, upon which he laid a pale piuk rose, and talked to her, aud when he thought she was tired, read her to sleep. His companionship was pleasant, apart from per sonal considerations. He had seen much, had read much, and had just that touch of senti ment aud mysticism without which no man can appeal absolutely to a cultivated woman. It was very long since Clare had talked of the things she now spoke about to him. Her very weakness and the novelty of the situation contributed to unreserve. She was alone: she was helplessly dependent upon him. Her husband was away, had not even written to tell her of his whereabouts, did not appear to concern himself in the least whether she was well or ill cared for. There was not another man except the two Chinamen and the blacks in the camp during these two days any where near her. And there was Geneste, no kin and in no way called upon to consider her well being, who had come over because he feared all might not be right, had ridden all through the night to secure for her the attendance of a responsible woman— ^he discerned in this pro ceeding a delicate chivalry which appealed to her in a manner which would perhaps have been foreign to Geneste's own thoughts of the matter — and who tended her as her husband had never done — not from the mere medical point of view, which was natural enough, but with . all those nameless tendernesses, the sweetness of which lie in the manner of their doing, and with always that undercurrent of emotion of which, though she could not put it into words, sho was acutely conscious. The next day the fever had her in its grip again. It went through all its stages— shiver- ing and racking pain in every limb, aud then burning heat and headache, with strange fancies aud grotesque pictures standing out in the darkness of closed eyes, then laudanum stupor, with only the consciousness of pain and thirst, and of Geneste standing by putting wet cloths to her head. She was feebly delirious though she was unaware of it, and in her babblings revealed herself to Geneste, who purposely Kept Mrs. Ramm from the room, with the frankness of a child telling its mother of its sufferings. His heart ached with pity as lie listened. What horrible misfit this was of fate, he thought, as the sensitive, scourged soul laid bare its secret pains — the agonising jar of companionship by day and by night with a nature coarse to the core- ; the awaken ing to her doom iu her early married months ? the horror of the sexual bond ; the morbid hatred at times of the children born of such union ; the physical aversion to caresses ; tbe loathing and disgust of spirit laden breath; the battle of conscience with all her womanly instincts, and the triumph of conscience and martyrdom of self repression. What a lonely life it had been ! How starved, how cold, how walled in, how beaten down ! He longed to snatch up the fine tender creature from the de filement of her surroundings ; to bear her away to a refined, luxurious, intellectual home ; to give her the moral and mental food her whole being craved ; to warm her with the fire of passion ; to nourish her with affection, till the poor bruised stunted bud should expand aud open forth into the glorious flower it was meant should gladden the world. ' What might she not be, he said to himself, 'to a man who had her heart !' In that hour of delirium he got to know the woman herself, and he got to know too that he loved her. ? . He was glad, very glad that he loved Clare Tregaskiss. Fifteen years before he had loved a woman of loose morals madly — so madly that but for the accidental discovery of her faithlessness and utter venality, he would have married her. Now ho loved a good woman, riot so recklessly, but with an even surpassing fervor. He was glad to experience the emotion which he had believed would never come into his life. For 15 years he had forsworn love in . its finer acceptation. During the first six or seven of those years adventure, danger, and the excitement of exploration had been the valve for his restless energies. Women he had not needed. In fact he had turned from all that reminded him of his life of civilisation with an intense revulsion. Then during two years, when he had lived at the northern ex tremity of Leichardf s Land, he had taken to himself a graceful' South Sea Island girl, for whom till she was killed tragically while bathing he had entertained an animal and half contemptuous affection. Looking back upon this episode since the dawning upon him of Clare Tregaskiss he felt a curious shame. After the girl's death he made his great ex pedition across the northern neck of the colony through barbarous country and hostile natives from gulf to ocean, and it was then he received the spear wound which lamed him for life. The hurt had caused a troublesome and dangerous inflammation, and bad put a stop to _ the wild exploration he had de lighted in. During his forced inaction he had taken up in a measure his old scholarly and scientific pursuits, and the former man had begun gradually to replace the new one. He had even had vague thoughts of going back to England. There was no question now of lung delicacy.' He was not vet beyond the prime of life, and might still have a successful career before him. The Australian career had not been in the financial sense a success but he had private means, and this did not trouble him. Besides, Darra Darra, which was not heavily encumbered like Mount Wombo, might turn out a profitable investment when times got better and succes sive droughts were followed by years of plenty. It was in this wavering mood, when he had half resolved to take a trip to England and look rouud him before making a final decision as to his future, that he met Helen Cusack. He had got into a way of riding over pretty often to Brinda Plains, which was about as far on the other side of Darra-Darra as Mount Wombo was on this one, maiuly because the number of hands employed there and the prevalence during the winter of an in fluenza epidemic had called for his profes sional services, which he gave gratuitously when required. Mrs. Cusack had been rather seriously ill. and during that time he had seen much of Helen. Even before the scene in the garden it had crossed his mind as a not'un pleasing possibility that he might marry her and take her with him to England. But for that sudden jerk of the bit when he had been brought face to face ' with facts and conse quences the possibility might have become a reality. It might still have become so later, for in a reactionary; impulse his mood had swayed to the girl and to the joys of domestic life. But there had intervened the meeting with Mrs. Tregaskis at Cedar Hill and their strange night talk at the Grave Camp ; and his fate was sealed, and Helen's light was henceforth obscured. In this case there was no reaction, nor were there any doubts. He acknowledged to himself without hesitation that he loved her. He told himself also that his plan of going to England must remain, for some time at any rate, unful filled. It would be his duty to himself and to her as well as his joy to stay on the Leura and do his best to make life more bearable to her. He had no base motives. He meant no harm. She was the last woman with whom he could associate any unworthy desire. It should be a case of beautiful platonics. He loved her. There was nothing disgraceful in that. There would be no shame for her if it were that she loved him. Something told him that she did, or if not yet, that he would not have long to wait. Why should they not love each other ? Her lot was hard ; her life very lonely. In the true sense of the word she was not married at all. All that she owed was the mere material obligation. From nature and temperament her lawful possessor was quite incapable of appreciating the treasure which a caprice of destiny had allotted him. He foresaw for her even worse times than she had already undergone. The drink habit was growing upon Tregaskiss as it is apt to do in Australia upon men who have combined it with what is called a 'touch of the sun.' Geneste had from rumor and observation made himself sure of that. This vice might be followed by other vices. Geneste knew, though he had concealed his knowledge from Clare, that the flirtation witb Miss Lawford, begun during Mrs. Tregaskiss's absence in Port Victoria, was being commented on in the district, and was a source of uneasiness to Mrs. Cusack. He knew, too, that instead of being at Uganda with the pastoralis: com mittee Tregaskiss was spending most of his time at the Ococks, where Miss Lawford was paying a holiday visit. There was, Geneste gleaned, a good deal of gossip rife about the Tregaskisses. Clare was a woman to pique curiosity, and Tregaskiss'B loud manner, nig. dash and his good-looking, bloated face, and fine Viking physique at tracted attention wherever he went. Geneste could understand that he might dominate a little hysterical brunette like Miss Lawford. It seemed to be only of late that he developed a liking for the society of women of a certain rollicking type, and he did not confine his at tentions to Miss Lawford. There was an inn at Uganda, kept by an Irish widow and two daughters, where he put up, and where the young women afforded him amusement, of a a harmless kind it is true, but which gave rise to reports derogatory to the dignity of Clare Tregaskis's husband. Though it was generally known that Tregaskis was heavily in debt to the bank, it was also known that he spent a good deal of money on imported cattle, on wire fencing, the construc tion of bores, and in other less useful ways. Some people did not scruple to declare that before long he would be sold up. Others main tained that lie could not keep racehorses, throw his money about, betting at the town ship, and talk so big , if he were not all safe. Though to be sure the keeping of race horses for the northern meetings is not the reckless form of dissipation it might appear, still there are concomitant expenses which mount up, and then the world did not realise that TregaskisB always talked big — except to his wife. It was an article of bis social philosophy so to do. He had made his way in England through talking big on occasions, aud he had won (Jlara Gardyue by talking big about the disinterestedness of his devotion for her. Three days passed. Shand and the butchers were still at : the out-station, and Tregaskiss did not come, had its periodical term,- and though at the time it was less severe Mrs. Tregaskiss was weaker. Geneste did all that was possible to keep up her strength. He killed a calf, and himself superintended Ah Sin in the making of broth and jelly. He beat up egcrs with bran, and hour by hour poured nourishment down her throat. When free from pain, except for the prostration, she was quite happy. In those three days she seemed to live a lifetime, past and future were annihilated, and the present had the luxurious fantasy of an opium dream. As a matter of fact tho laudanum which he gave her had much to do with this impression. A day or two later he got her on to the sofa in the drawing-room, and there were long idle talks in which she learned much of him, and he much of her. In detail she told him little, but the side lights which her conversation gave were vividly illuminating. Chapter XVI.— 'You Ought Not to Have Said That.' But the interlude must have an end at last. Genpste had been a week at Mount Wombo, and Clare was on the fair way to recovery. The fever attaclcs had become less and less, and the days of respite now only a dreamy pleasure. She spent them mostly on a ham mock in the upper verandah. The passion creeper, a native cucumber, made a shade from the sun, and threw wavering reflections upon the boards. The scent of some untimely sandalwood blossoms floated up from the en closure. There had been a storm somewhere — over Lake Eungella probably, for alas ! it had not travelled to the plains, which were brown and bare, while the cattle were bogging in tho fast drying waterholes and dying of thirst and want of grass. But the distant storm had at least cooled the air a little, and there was a faint breeze, which, made tho mosquitoes cling to the ceilings. Clare Tregaskiss in her china silk tea gown, with her delicate refined face, her creamy skin and deep brown eyes which had yellow lights, looked herself not unlike a langorous tropical flower. She had a piece of needlework iu her hand, but made very few stitches. Genesta sat beside her. He had been down to the Chinaman's garden, and was preparing a granadilla, while Ning stood by, the two dolls bunched under her arm, watching the opera tion with deep interest. The baby lying on a mat at the other end of the verandah was crowing up to Claribel, who made blacks' noises for its amusement, Lona, the other half caste, and her piccaninny down below joining in every now and then with aguttural ' ' Yucke ! My word, that budgery fellow.' The sun was getting near its setting. In the storm quarter a low ridge of clouds was rising. The straight black gidia trunks cast heavy shadows, and their silvery grey foliage had a livid look. The usual group of horses had gathered round the smoking rubbish heap, and the milkers, a scanty herd in these dry timeE, were being driven up to tho yard. Presently there was a sound of a stockwhip cracking, and a long '.' Coo-ee,' and then Tommy George, leading a packhorse, appeared jogging through one of the gidia clearings. He called out something to Lona, who took up the story. 'My wordj missus, mine think it massa come along directly. ' Clare half rose. She had turned very pale. Her low exclamation had in it a sound of dread. Geneste did not stop his scooping of the granadilla. He sugared the dainty mess and put it before her. 'Keith is coming,' she said. 'Yes, lie still. I won't have you getting up to meet him. Besides he is not here yet. I'll go aud ask Tommy George.' He went out. When he had gone out Clare sank back again, and a patch of red rose in each of her cheeks. She called Ning to her and gave her the granadilla. 'Here, child, I don't want it.' Ning took the fruit and ate it slowly, watch ing her mother all the while with solemn inquisitiveness. 'Mummy no glad that daddy is coming back !' she said. 'Oh, you cruel little wretch!' Clare cried passionately. 'What makes you say such things ?' Ning stared still more. Such ebullititions in her mother were rare. ' Mine plenty glad daddy come back,' she said with stolid contentment. 'What for mummy not glad?' ^ ' Oh go away,' cried Clare.' ' Go and play with Claribel. Go all of you and meet daddy down by the crossing ;' and Ning departed, her solemn gaze haunting her mother, after she had disappeared, like an accusing ghost. After a little while Geneste returned. ' He will not be here just yet; Tommy George left him at the Bore and pushed on to tell you. Well, I'm glad I shall see Tregaskiss before I leave. I was meaning to go back to Dara to-morrow.' She said not a word. When he looked at her, he saw that her chest was heaving slightly, and her eyes bright with restrained tears. ' Clare,' he said softly, putting out his hand and touching hers as it lay on the edge of the hammock. 'Don't fret. Things aren't worth it.' 'You don't understand,' she answered huskily. 'Yes I do— utterly, better perhaps than you know. But you can't alter facts or tem peraments. You cannot make a fine steel instrument do the work of a fencer's auger. All you can do is to harden yourself, and to accept life as it is. If you are disappointed at not finding sympathy where you have a right to look for it, take your right also to accept it from elsewhere. Harden yourself to the inevitable.' ' Haven't I been doing that for 10 years ?' 'Outwardly, yes; but within there have been ravening wolves. Oh, I know it is all very well to give advice. It's like Bayipg there is no hurt when one is racked with pain. Do you suppose my heart hasn't bled for you these days 1 God knows I'd give the best part of my life if I could only make things different for you.' ' Don't— don't,' she gasped, hysterically. ' I can't bear it. You couldn't imagine what it is to live always like that. It seems worse when one has been free for a little while.' ' Yes — yes. Indeed I know.' 'I can stand it better after it has gone on day by day for months. But when it comes fresh— the smell of brandy ! I hate him to kiss me. And then he gets angry.' She stopped and turned away her face. 'Oh I know — it is horribie.' A thought struck him. 'Tell me— his temper is bad at times. Has he ever— is he ever violent to you?' .' Violent V 'I mean has he ever ill-used you — struck you? That kind of thing?1 'No, not personal violence. He has heea rough, but he is sorry afterwards. Whyjio you ' I was wondering if that were a question. You know there are causes for which tho law gives an ill-used wife her freedom.' ' I know. But there could be no question ©£ that. Don't speak of it.' They were both silent. The words they had spoken to each other marked an immense leap in their intimacy. They had before disoussed Tregaskiss's increasing habit of inebrity, which month by month, week by week, had in the last two years gained a stronger hold on. him. 'I have done all I can, 'she said. 'I have begged, implored, reasoned— everything. Bub it doesn't seem to be of the least use, and I think my speaking of it at times makes him almost hate me. Then there is something I learned not very long ago — quite by accident — ho had always kept it from me. His father died of drink. I believe that a curse of that kind is often hereditary. I wish I didn't ; it makes me'— she lowered her voice, and her pained eyes glanced towards him for a moment — 'it makes me frightened for the children. I dread their coming — I prayed so that this might be a boy, and like me. Life is always harder for women. Oh !' she went on pas sionately, ' such things shouldn't be allowed. Marriage is awful— it's wicked — when it's a marriage like mine.' ' I entirely agree with you. But you must not distress yourself about tho idea of heredi tary tendency. You have told me of the slight sunstroke he had. That often causes a want of self-control. I wish you could per suade him that he is not well, and get him to consult me. I might be able to do something', for the moment, at any rate, to make things easier for you.' 'He is so strong ; he glories in his strength. It would be difficult to persuade him. It isn't fair to trouble you so,' she exclaimed. ' Why should you worry about me and mine ?' 'Because I love you,' he answered with perfect calmness, not moving in the least towards her, or touching her hand again, only looking at her full with a sudden lightening and glowing of his eyes. She met the look, her own eyes deepening and held by his as though she was succumbing to some mesmeric force. It was a long gaze, and he read in it all he wanted to know. Presently she drew herself back with a slight shudder. 'You ought not to have said that. You must never say it again.' 'I will not,' his answered. 'I will never say it till you tell me that I may. But I wanted you to know it. I wanted you to understand that there is nothing you could ask of me— nothing which it would not be a joy and a privilege to me to do.' He got up and walked to the verandah rail ing without another word. There he stood for several minutes looking out upon the plain. ' ' I see your husband coming,' he said. ' I will go out and meet him and explain your ill ness to him and why I am here.' His self-possession gave her confidence, and his silence appealed to her as no words could have done. Her own pulses were tingling, and her hearf seemed to leap aud throb in an agony of happiness. It was so terrible this tiling which had befallen her, but it was heavenly sweet. 'Oh, I do love him,' she said in a whisper to herself. 'I do love him, with all my soul.' The revelation had come upon her with a shock, and yet with a sense of half conscious foreknowledge. It was all clear now, and 6he understood the power this man had exercised over her from the very first. ( To be continued. ) 