" MISER IIOADLEY'S SECRET," IBy ARTHUR W. MARCIIHMONT, hIA., Author of "Iea," "By W'hose liad/' "Madeline Power," &o.; CHAPTER XVII. MAnoxN SOLVES THIE C011i,. It was six o'clock when Midoron reached Morris-place. She let herself into the house, and as she went upstairs she felt some curiosity, not unmixed with anxiety, as to whether' any father attempt had been made in her absence to break into the house. She found her rooms were just ls the had left thlem, however, and with a sigh of relief and weariness site threw herself into her easy chair. The excitement and strain and fatigue of the last two days had told heavily upon her strength, and she was very tired and worn out. But there was still a great deal to le done, and she grudged herself aern the first few moments of delicious restfulnesa, She must be up and doing. She took off liar hat aned jacket, lit the fire, and then put on the kettle to boil. She longed for a cup of tea, When she had this, she was nmuLh re. freshed, and she went to her bedoons and had what she terlmed as "good wash" and came back to the sitting-roois braced up and invigorated. She fell altogether different froam the tired, weaay girl who had crept slowly and rather fearsomely up the stairs only an hour before; land she was now ready l gaeUi for work. The first thing to be done was to see Ralph eotthing, and get from him au ea planation of ihis visit to Clerg'y-str,'et This troubled hlier exceedingly, She did not know how to form the questions that she must put to him, but the task had to be performed, however unplesant it might be. Silo was not the girl to dithi it, though she would have given all tlsat she was worth to lave been L sle to escape from it. She knew her lover's ordinary more ieonts nslliciently well to be able to tix the time to catch hiri before le left Ilomo for his ollice. lIe left generally at a few mtisltes poat eight o'clock, as heo made a point of always being Lt the office punctually hby nliu ; and he came down to breIakflst at half-past-seen., In all these little matters he was as reguloras a machine, as Mrs Gethig lead often jlad, At half-past seven, tIlerefore, Malien Iput on her list, feeling very siod and alnxious and nervous, and started, It required all the resolution she plosuseed to make her knock at the door of the Gethinisgs' house; and even when sbehlad kneocked, shel was half- incline'i to run away. lrs Gething come to the door aend uttered an exclamation of sulrprise sliei also saw the girl. "VWhy Marion, whatever is thle nmatter 1" slhe cried ; " you look as paleuas a ghost. Come iii, do." " 1 want to see Ilalph, Mrs Gething," answered Marionl, quietly. "Coma in, child, do ; and don't satndj there in the cold. You look lerished, and no wonder," cried tse good woman, who was very fond of Marion, and aris distressed by her' looks. " Will you tell Ralph Mirs Gelthelg I want to see himi at once, and on i rvery important matter-very il)porlit to imee," slhe added. " You look a good denl more fit to go to bed, lay dear," repelied Mrs Gelhing, " than to talk about ilmportant buauaos.', And sihe put lher arms round the girl and kissed Iler, as soon as s?le had cdosed the door. " Why your lips are as cold as cold. Ralph isnl't at home, my dear; but come in antd have some breakfast."' "Not at home, M?rs Gething," ~ild Marion, turning a little pileat thesews. ' Wleroe-where is lee e" " Ile went away on Saturda)y,aosie where; I thinik le went out of the town. I-t said le might have to go, but that lhe would write, and would be sure and be back to-day. I expected a letter this mornilg, rather; but he doesn't seean to have been able to write, for I fancy the poltiman has gone by. Comn in, child." "No, tlhank you, Mrs, Getling. I munst go. I)o you think he'll be at the oalice to-day." " O, yes, my dear, he's arie to he there. But I wishl you'd come and just have a cup of tea ; it miight do you good." said Mrs Clething, trying to pIervude the girl. "No, tlHanlc yen. I miust see l.1h11 as soon as possiblo, and Ill go down tl' thie olice acd wait f'or lhis there. Tell Isims I called, and want to +se hi Lmt Iprtieclarly, very lea'ticularly, will jou! And ask hlin to colie to Isc ass o,5M iso lie coesls in, slllppesing tiat is hlut I subs himn at the ollica," Mii's Gothhing llrolilised todo thihs d tcied agaili to liersiade Marnion to hare solniO brelakfast, Ilut the gilrl was tilus and wont away, leaurig lecaving elr Getlhing perllexed cind worried ut lher looks and usuisiial donduel,. Iarlion left the iOselsO with .a eeieyj' heart iat thile nvsed of (lshiel's abseuoe, ande tie false story by lwhich lIe had ittemlnted to account for' it ot lholoe, She went ait once to tihe city wicth ie iitention of seeing himi tile moment he ariveld. She reached Moorgato-street befol'r nine o'clockl and walked ilniod down opposite tie large buildileg in which aias thee olice of Messrs Quillte' and iobe. son, watching everyone whlo enltce! Tile tihe passed wearily and alowely, iul as nine o'clock aplproalhed she legsan to grow more asxious. hie crossrdl the road and stood near the doo', seaniog closely everyone who wenl t in it the door. Nine o'clock was stesck by hail-s dozen dilferent clocks, but Ralph llad not arrived, and, as sl knliow how sundch he prided limoself on his epuudctullt, her uneasisiess icreased. The y'ounger clerks began to arrive ill a constiantly ihoreasing stream, and nlauy ioulouea looks were east ait tie gil, as ose sitood close to the door, qunietly obserrving l lwho went by, 'T'en o'clock struck, and still he had seeu nothinsg of Ralph. l'hulncis g the cnight hlave missed lhii she wet iu lo the ofliceo and asked for him. lie hod not arrived, would she wait they mlted hler. She sat dowen in tho olllee sd waited for morn tshan an hour. T'hen someone camue to her and told her that perhaps lie lhad gone on somse businel fist, before cointing to tile ofliceasit was most unusual for him tobelate,ase if that was the ease hlie inLght not ?lrie for some e cosiderable time. The girl considered a liomellt, id then said site would not wait aayloger', but would leave a letter for him. "Dear o0e, I sistl see yoe ile sedilateil. I was at your Louse early this moroiilcg, and lavre waited hoe, since niino o'clock, Colne at o neic ta leorri?spla e; or send me a telasu directly you get this, saying what time you can come to me. Marion." When alto had handed this to a clerk, to he given to Rllph the moment he arrived, sheo left the offlice to go home, freling more sail anld heart-broken than she had over before felt. Apart from the keen desire which Marion had to be relieved from the sus pense in regard to her lover's connection with the mystery of her father's death, the delay in getting fromnt him the ox planation debarred her from taking the iprompt ineassro which she desired so earnestly to take, after her discoveries in Clergy-street; and this part of the lproblem hltosssed and worried her on her way home. The wish to have James Linnogan arrested, thlwarted as it was by lier feart', that in doing so, she might lie placing lialplh Gething in a positiot of peril, galled and jaded her. As soon as slaHi reached M[orris-placo, those feelings increased tenfold. While sile had been in the streets site had been in action, there hiad been something to do; but now caet it period of inaction, and to her active, energetio nature this waits aitst ini dulrabtle. teeling that she inast do something, silo reilalbcritre what she lad almost forgotten inl the excitement of the last few honrs; the imlportit discoveries site had mt?de l t Clergy-sLreet alout the secret of ti clypherll Shite at down eagerly to renew the work where it had been interruplted. Shite laid all the papers before her on the table and compalred them again. The work was oni lcquiring great patience and concentration of thought, but the few results she was able to obtain after a tilmt acted as it powerful incentice and shite wa soon deeplly interested in the task. 't'he clue which silo ihad guesse.l at Clergy-street, was, that her father in conlmposing the cipher had mtade use of tho key-lioard of the 1sllantond type writer. ot) that machine, there are in all thirty ordinary keys, each of which will print three dillferent letters or signs, according as they are riequired. This is arranged by tie.lans of what are called the "i laster liKes." \VlheIn one of these is depressed and an ordinary key is struck, it prints a capital letter; when the second of them is depressed, it prints a inleral or frae tion, or some other sign. This latter is called the Figure," iimaster key. Tius, for examleii , the soame ordinary key, whiich, wlien struck, will printtt A, will, if the first master-key lie depressed, print A the capital : or again, if the tigore aster-key lie Idepressed, it will priint tile numieral 7. The next key to this will printt e, or I, ,or d ; cecording as the masler- keys are, or are nolt, usell. For the momenit this hadl dashed liher hopes altogether, and plunged her back into Ihopeless eonfslion. Bit the more site looked at the cillpher', the firmer was lhert belief that shel was on the right track. A molSt mlliiiitli exal.llnatillon iii thie ciphellr showed liet', moreover, that every onie of the signs iseed--and many of thel were Ipeelioe--could ionly have been Iproducied if the figuIre ineaster-key Iltatd been ditressed; and, so fr as tile typewrier was conlcerned, could have been produced in no other way. Then she reealled what her fathller had said and written about her relying upon the typlowriter ii tiny dillieulties. This revivcd her ildeterit ilned, antd shl went at thie work with renewetd confidence. 'The dlilliculy to lie surioounlted lno was, shi felt, the secret of the order of the letters. In thils chance helped her to a most foirtunatt discovery. She oipened her typewritcer andl, in copying out some of the signs, mnlh it slip, an unusual thing for her, bht usual enoighlI with a [earn?er, She did not press down one of the keys far enough and prilnted i 7 where site intendled to pricnt S. This suggested to her that her father miight hatve purposely changed the order of the letters in this way, and that each letter was to Ii taken to int:lieat that whichl camie immediately before it ill the ordler of the keybloardi, so that the eiper tniiht be additioni.ly dillient. Shlt tlied this, bulttho result was just as insaIisfe1itciry as before. Then siie reversed thle pI?cess; andL tried whetlher each letter Ites to illdtilcat tlat which followed it on the keyhtiIrd, taking each section of lthe keyl irdl.l by itself. Ot this plan silo colpied oit thil same letters its before. Sll studllied these letters forta lminute, and then cried out will joy. "llHurrah!" slue exclaimed, in her excitemen, tas shie saw that the resllt showed four words with only three wrong letters. She was on the track now in reality, The onlly dtillicilty to be dealt with was thatt of the e" e. Iow ha1d he written this 1 She llzzled out allonger pieceof the wrliting, atuld ineterpreted it. Ior checek Iltshed writh cxcitemenst uand heor eyes glowed witih Ileasure at havini g Irlomi phled over the ilitlicslties as sllo colpied tot the whole of the oipher andt wrote uhe InCeahing over each letter and sign, anu slthe learnt thie secret of the hidden wenllhh, 'lWhen scite ai colcled it Ill undilter iretcdt it, tills is what she read- To cny chili, Mitioi. 'The following aire tie paiticlars of ity wealit mentilncid in oty will. I lihave hIiden ll liecallse tiitdeath fear is upon ste. I love imy wealthl, sny jewels, sly dacllig diliiiiioilde, Isy tlea-nred emllerealls. I wohtl have tlhei witl tie after deatlh if I etli. I hlove ithelm i I love tihe sight anid touch of Iheln ; the jily if iOoeeesesitg themil; of knowing theim tio le lile, ne, i lne. Ioels, ldaiys, weeks, tmonth'l, 'years, I hlave ipent it gani' ig tlheii, one Ity one, little by little blt it hIIs lieon ia lbloiir of love; ai lote that ca sllCever tire, Thtere is no sight like tlheir lovely, lhltlting aparkle and their sweet, shiniiig Instrl. ,irst: there is gold I,nried i nmy roonl at Clergy street, ill thti right landt corner, Iy thie whitdow; the third hourdl fro't shi wall will lift, and the hole will be setl ,lireetly, Aiynoe ca fillnd thlis. Aityone tilta, it will leaid to his own dotectiot ; fli' with thie gol I are thi seal and flie ortmtntits isiels fsariiiss can indenltify ; and iwhoever lias thini--there arte iolno other likte tllci in the world is a thief, Is colnonlt, easily cheoatedt thief, wlo will tak, the i rizi e lie tlrs to his hiand atl think he ihas all. Cnises on himn: lot hihn die, anid haiig ont hIis tongio in uasless anger at hiaving clitclledl the sliatiow and niissed the eubslance. The real treasure is really hidden. Take out th ie iddle hbar of the grate in thle ioomi, It is hiollor, and the dhirtly resting-plhce of many dainty idariligs--my dhilaonds and oemneralds. I niever woild laive a fire-I never wantetd one-I eould get warm by only goinlg niear the grate.o, Tile cnarpet is lilthy with age and dirt; billt in the corner, by thie cltbuard, is a ieco tlliht will Ipay for lnpickihg. Draw otit thie wash-leilther, whrics wsill Ie fioulnd whore thle carpet is dotheled, and keel, the contents, Tho heaty irol safe iatu' be aearched by any thief : there is nothing valuable in it. Mind, however, not to throw away the heavy zinc ink-stand--the dirty, grimy thing on my table, which people always laughed at-it is worth its weight, and more than its weight by many times in gold. The dirty lumps in it are emeralds, and will pay for washing. Search for a secret nook in the old bureau, where you will find a tin case, the contents of which will reward you for much labour. Rentovo tile right claw on the front and look for a little recess; a very small ring will then lead you to the secret of the hidden stones. There are nmany dusty, dirty papers aml parchments: burn thesm, they are shams--but spare the large packet labelled. Cancelled. It lies on the top of all the others, gathers all the dust, and looks the filthiest of them all. Ha, haI, it can bear with a bad reputation. Split the skins, and see why. In it are fifteen bates of five hundred pounds each. Last of all, take Ieed tlhat you do not light the fire with my old walking stick. It would be a costly fire, and make you shudder with cold ever afterwards at the thought of what you have done. It was never olt of my sight for teaenty years; rarely out of nly hand ; always withlin rechle for I held in mes hand five thoues and poundls worth of my darlings wien i] icked it up. The crook is hollow; and if you ire.s it and turn it slightly to the left, and then raise it, you will find the opening that will show you the little, long snakey bag, which is my best and biggest darling's bed. The only man who will ever guess at this is James Linnegan. Ileware of himt; he is dangeoaus, and to Ie feared. SIMEON IHOADLY. (7'o be conetinued.) 