Ghosts in Graveyards. Sensation in Dumbarton. "WHEN our bairne plead on us to tel -them a ghost-story, and we don't fee in a lying mood, we put them off bj ?saying-"Dear me, there is not suer a. thing as a ghost !" But while it ii .even a waste of words to make thal statement, we cannot but admit thal juanyold kirkyards in Scotland hav( .had their ghosts in their day. During the last month, hundreds of people after nightfall, have been making pilgrimages, to Dumbarton cemetery where it is declared they see eertair strange lights burning over a grave The peculiar beams are observed only at a considerable distance, foi on drawing near the spot the lights vanish quite away. Some Eave entertained the notion that immedi- ately the darkness becomes. suffici- ently pitchy Coffins stand round like open presses, That show the dead in their lost dresses. And by some devilish cantrip slight Each in its could hand holds a light. 'Others maintain that the lights are due to a. lamp in the outskirts of the town reflecting upon the "heid-stane," while others again state, with finger up, that experts have. even been called in to give an opinion, and that they have discovered the weird gleams are caused by the phosphorus gas rising from the "deid below." Be these stories true', or false, a strange beacon burns in that grave- yard every,night. SCAIUNG THE WATCHES. Should you chance to enter some of the houses of the older inhabitants in Bonhill, Dumbartonshire, you cannot fail to observe a flint-lock gun above tho kitchen "brace." The few families in possession of these relics will tell you that they were used-by tho churchyard watchers when Burke and Hare were in evi .dence. Some startling stories are told till this day regarding the exploits that the watchers had, and one of the most interesting was told to the writer of this article. Two worthy brothers in the district found that thejr turn to watch the grave- yard had come round on a night when the clouds were flying fast and the trees were sighing as if they yearned for relief in the snapping of their trunks. They were " rale swcert" to walk round the tombs on' such a wild night, but rather than have it said that they were afraid, they left their home at nine o'clock, and made straight for the kirkyard. Behind the Parish Church was an 'old " runtle " of a building, used by the gravedigger for storing his spades, planks and earth box, and it was hero that the brothers tried to make themselves as comfortable as possible. They wálked their "lonely round" every "half hour, but as thc storm increased, they decided to keej within the outhouse till daylight Whilst they were there ensconced, two worthies in the place who were hard up for a dram entered the " Black Bull " and asked the landlady if she could oblige them by filling their bottle, and they would pay her on the morrows They told her that it M'as their turn to watch the kirk yard, and that they could not think to pass six hours there, and on such aboistei'ous night, without something in their bottle to keep them warm. The landlady, only half-dressed, com Îilied with their request, but as she aid down the bottle she observed "Eh, but ye bav'na a cork, lauds. I must seo and get yo wan." She went " bon the hoose " to get a cork, but , when she- returned, tho drouths were off. Now, in telling tho story, we have to i'eturn to the two brothers who were still sitting within the gravedigger's storehouse in tho kirk yard. Their only light was a lantern. Tho wind was howling so dismally that they spoke only in whispers, and when the door chanced to give a louder rattle than usual they involun- tarily grasped the Hint-lock guns lying within their reach. By mid- night they had - become drowsy, and were just about over when the door of the cabin was flung wide, and a spectre with a white shawl over its hoad Hung something at them and cried-"Thero's the cork to ye !" The two brothers fainted clean away. \¡ THE GIG, GHOST. , "Auld Dauvit"-wo refrain, from giving his surname-was perhaps one of the most treacherous and deceitful men iu the country. Do all they ,*could, the authorities could never secure a conviction. against him for any of the numerous offences of which he was supposed to be guilty. He _was known to be au illicit distiller, a stealer pf sheepland, what was worse, a stealer of the dead. One dark morning he and a companion drove up in a gig to a friend's house in the " Grocery "-as Alexandria was calledin days gone by-Dauvit alight- ing, and his friend still remaining in the machine with the. reins in his j hands. Knocking at the friend's door, Dauvit said on its being answered "See's a dram; John, for I'm as dry as a miller's whussle." " I will that, Dauvit. But what makes you and your frion' travel sae late ? " " Ouh, we were up Killearn way, and the mere drappin á shae on the road Ave were tagled." When the dram was produced, Dauvit ere " couping " it obaorved-" I was rale sorry tae hear, John, that you had lost your daughter." " Ay, Dauvit," replied his friend, with a deep , sigh ; " 'she Was laid tae her rest yesterday in the auld kirkyaird. But your frien' up there, is he ho wantin' a bit taste, eh ? " " Him want a taste ! I wish I waa jist as fur' mysel' as he is the noo ! With a peck and a " guid mornin'," Dauvit mounted the gig and drove away into the gloom. The old man who had been awakened _out of bis sleep to supply Dauvit with the refreshment subsequently discovered that the " frien' " who sat beside Dauvit in the gig was the dead body of his only daughter, whom he had seerfburied tho day before._ 