sxfcAY . [Bi Point. No. X Melbourne, March 3. until ins last wioket hat fallen; and either England or Australia hat oonqaered, it oanaot be said that the crioket matoh now in ; progress ia the greatest ever played. - No game was erer looked forward to withauoh ' intensity and anxiety, either in England or Australia; but although present indications are that we are going to see a stubbornly con tested finish,' we can oall to mind at least ; three of the test mBtobes whose character for : stubbornness may not bs equalled by this one. First of all there ia the small-sooring contest j at the Oral on August 28 and 29,1882, which, j after the most exoiting finish on record, the j Australians won by 7 runs. Then think of the game playedatSydney in 1683between theHon. Iro Bligli's powerful team and Australia, The Englishmen bad beaten the 1882 Australian ' Eleven, fresh from its conquering tour in Eng- j land, in two matches out of three. Mussie and Garrett, who in England were two of the best men on the side, were terribly out of form, so, replacing them with Erans and Midwinter, the strongest team whioh ever represented Australia taokled the Englishmen. The ex oitement began early, for only 1 run separated the teams whon eaoh had oompleted one innings. Finally onr men were set 199 to win. Six wiokets were down for 107, but a brilliant innings oame from Blaekham, moatunorbhodox of batsmen, at the critical moment, and the game was won with 4 wiokets to Bpare. The third game I hare in mind was played here in the first week of January, 1892. The wioket was perfect for two days, and good even to the end of the fifth day, out the bowling and fielding of both sides were so fine thatbatsmen never made great headway, and the total seores were—Australia, 240—286; England, 264—158. From first to lost the weather was Bimply perfect, neither side had any luck beyond the advantage the Australians gained by winning the toss, and the prolonged tussle was perhaps the greatest ever known in the annals of the game. Certainly finer all-round oricket was never exhibited by two teams in one matoh. A matoh on whiuh (he temporary glory of two countries' oriaket bung, and the players in whioh had all. their nerves strung to high tension, was bound to furnish endless inci dents, interesting, amusing, tragio, and im portant—in faot the tendenov of the most level-headed oritics as well as the more wildly imaginative and excitable spectators in suoh oiroumetanees is to magnify oommonplaoe ooourrenoea into momentous incidents. The first and perhaps most important incident of the matoh was the - winning of the toss by George Giffen. Four times out of fire in con nection with the test matches has Stoddart either oalled wrongly or thrown the coin the wrong way up. A wag suggested on Friday when he lost for the fourth time, and that on theoooasion when more than ever before he wanted to win, that the English captain had not m his younger days in the North of England become versed in the art of pitoh-and tose. George Giffen has an interesting oolleo tion of ccins whioh have been sent to him as masoottes—shillings with holes in them, battered sixpences, double-headed pennies, luoky halfpennies, anoient farthings, and even a Japanese yen with a dragon on one side and some incomprehensible signs on the other; but no superstitious Australian has trusted him with a gold pieoe. Just now a superstitious individual—and nearly all orioke tera beoome superstitious—might, with the Japs on top in the war with their neighbours, think of using the Japanese dollar, but a diffi culty confronted our captaiD, which was the bead and whioh was the tail of the yen. George prefers to toss with a shilling. Mr. James Marshall, of our city, lent him the "Robert"on Friday, and of oourse never got ic back. A Melbourne journalist caused much innooenb lun at the expense of Mr. Mar shall by suggesting that the coin was a luoky one, beoause it was the one with whioh the owner always tossed for drinks—and wod. Any one who knows our popular members' delegate, and who kuowe that it is easier to draw blood from a stone than to inveigle him even into a halfpenny bet, will appreciate the joke. Iu France it might have led to pUtnle and ooffee at 6, but the viotim, who inoluded the perpetrator amongst his dear friends, enjoyed the fun as much as any one. Coming to the aotual game the first inoident was Ford's blunders, which gave Harry Troth two lives. The way the unlucky fieldsman ohamped about with bis oomrades glaring at him indicated the extreme tension under whioh the game was being played. Even Johnny Briggs's nerveB were strung" too taut for him to indulge in any of his monkey trioks, although _ with suoh vast orowde he might in less seriouB circumstances have had no end of fun. One' oould not help admiring Riohardson'a bowling. One of the patent oatapults they make in England, so that am at ears may praobise without going to the expense of engaging a professional bowler, oould not have eent the ball in more ewiftly or with much greater accuracy. It was marvellous that bowling at that pace the ball was kept away to the off so persistently. The Englishmen had not been in the field half-an hour before it was evident that they had sorewed up their courage for a supreme effort. Their ground fielding was magnificent and comparable almost—but not quite—with the matohless work of the Australian Eleven in the Adelaide test matoh. Errors were, how ever, made when it oame to batching, which cost the Britishers eoores of runs, and it was in oatohing above all else that the Australians excelled in the match I. have mentioned. The fall of the fourth Australian wioket at 142 when four of the best batsmen in Aus tralia were out did not suit the popular taste, and one heard all sorts of pessimistic prog nostications of oollapse and disaster. The position then recalled memories of the first test matoh with the Earl of Sheffield's team, in which, going in first on a psrfeot wicket, the Australians were all disposed of for 240, and in which the highest aggregate of any one innings waB 264. The fielding of both eides in that grand game was well nigh perfect, and when one thinks of it, and seos matches in which ohanoe after ohanoe is missed, one arrives at the conclusion that if two evenly matched teams are engaged and no chaneeB are bungled, whioh is a rare oontingenoy, be cause the best men have a way ,of making mistakes, 300 is a fine soore. Take the Aus tralians' latest essay at the wickets as an example. The heart of batsman could not have wished for a better pitoh. The total was 414. Harry Trott, who made 48, was missed at 9; Joe Darling reaohod 74, sfter being let off at 4G; and Sid. Gregory, given a second lease of life when he had made 19, com piled 70. Errors in fielding, therefore, gave the Australians over 100 runs. The liveliest partnership of the innings was that of Darling and Gregory, two of the youngest members of the team; but George Giffen, Harry Trott, and Iredale (although he made only 8) must be given their mede of praise for wearing the bowling down when it was most accurate, aud backed up by the fieldsman at their best. When Giffen was atout to toss, and ae he walked out to bat, one could not fail to notice signs of looted AustraUiuijpaptalli; and the.uneasinesi '} with which be etarted his innings madeit clearer still that he keenly realized howmUoh i depended upon him. Every batsman was the -same, but it waemorexiotioeable about Giffen, j beoause, as a rale, he appears to be W> thoroughlyset from the moment he takes strike, i The symptoms were also palpable in Darling, ? who, however, - soon shook them off, and treated the spectators to fine resolute batting. While he and Gregory were associated the ' fieldsmen had a weary time running from one i end of the field to the other as the batsmen oha&ged; ends; and the changes in their posi tions were more pronounoed, beoause whereas the 4eft- hander makes most of bis runs in front of the wioket, the diminnti veSydney ite, with his wonderful variety of strokes, scores at fine-leg, and by the sweetest of fine late cutB. His late out is a wonderful stroke, for he deliberately places the ball in the direotion most batsmen send it when they mske luoky anioka. No Australian received a greater re oeption when he emerged from the pavilion to' bat than Jack Lyons, and there was no mistake about hie popularity whan his terrifio on-drives and perfectly timed , square-leg hits knooked Biiohardeon off. The strokeof the innings was a pull toequare-leg,of which Jarvis was as proud as a boy who gets into his College. " What did you think of it?" was bis query to the oooupaute of the dressing room. " I think it was the beet 1 ever made." The ball was a good foot outside the off Btuinp, but Jarvisairily dismissed all the objec tions of the exponents of style by saying, "You know it was as safe as a Churob, beoause there was no man at square-leg." MoKibbin played the most surprising, in nings of all. When he went in probably no one gave bim 5 runB. Hie own idea was that the first straight fast one would settle him. He did not, however, allow any sentimental fear to influence bim, and it will indeed be astonishing if a man who can make the strokes he did does not develop into a tolerably good batsman. Anyhow he justified Giffeu, who, after the team was ohoaen, said, " MoKibbin is a better bat than Turner." When a great national match like this is under consideration intercolonial differences are sunk; neverthelesa one oannot refrain from drawing attention to the fact that the four South Australians soored between them 220 runs—more than half of the total. The special objeot in noticing-this is to mention a ourious fact. This is the fifth test matoh, and in every iuatanoe, excepting the firat innings at Sydney in Deoeraber, the men who were . playing on their own ground, and therefore ought to be best aocuetomed to it, appeared to the least advantage with the bat. One of the most notioeable features of the three hours' play after the Englishmen went tobhewiokets was the wioketkeepingof Jarvis. Rarely on the fast, trno Australian wickets are batsmen stumpsd. The fact of the matter ia that the bowling is, as a rule, too straight and plain. If there were more Harry Trotti more men would be stamped. Jarvis, who, when at home, is always oomplaining that the bowling for tbe Hindmarahof hisbrotherFrud and Jaok Noel does not afford him opportunities to dis tinguish himself, would like to carry Harry Trobt round with him, and have him on at both ends. Up at the Union Olnb last night he was saying:—"Yon know George ought to nip Harry on and off, because his leg-breaks are likely to fiddle men out. MoKibbin's breaks bothered Jarvis for a little while, but that overarm return bothered the new bowler more. He would be a third of tbe way down the pitoh waiting for the bail, whioh he wonld see returned over his head. Bowlers have to get used to Jarvia's patent return. Tbe HindmarBb idol, who was in rare form, swelled his magnificent chest to its uttermost limits as he stood up and stretched himBelf before etoopiug to wait for the ball. He iB proud of the chest, which has gained for him the sobriquet of "Jim Chest," and is never happier than when he has a large crowd to admire it. He never kept wickets before a larger crowd than Saturday's, and he was able to demonstrate once more that on a great occasion he oan keep wickets as bril liantly as ever Blackham or Lookyer, Pooley or Sherwin ever did. Thomas Robert McKibbin is the new hero. Thie is hie Brat appearance in Melbourne, and the critioal Melbourne folk have taken to him. Map, as he is known familiarly (tbe barraokers who did not know that oalled him " Torn"), was doubtful about being able to turn the ball on tbe fast Melbourne wicket, but he did inohes both ways, and had all the batsmen, Ward particularly, in the toils, but he bowled without iuok yesterday. His run up to the bowling- crease iB almost as peculiar as " Peg leg" Ferris'a. He takes a long run, be ginning with a few steps, whioh I heard a lady (who ought to know), describe as polka steps, then his stride lengthens, and finally, as he delivers the ball he kicks out his right leg ae though he desired to upset an enemy at the book of him. Owing to an aocident whioh befel him years ago there is a peouliar hop about his gait, and it ia a ourious ooinoi deuoe that he has made his ddbut on the Mel bourne ground at a time when Horace Wheatley, the great domed ian, is making crowded houses at the Prinoess explode by an inimitable hoppy walk ae he describee bow " At Trinity (Jhuroh I met my doom." One of those amusing incidents whioh temporarily divert people's minds from the serious game before them ooaurred yesterday, when Stoddart was stumped just before 5 o'olook. The innings having started after 3 o'clock, there was out of consideration for the multitude of spectators no tea adjournment, eo that by 5 the fieldsmen were thirsty. Half a dozen nimble young fellows reached the gate long before Stoddart, and ambling along in the rear went Lyons and Jarvis. The crowd simply roared with laughter, and one fanny man not inappropriately remarked, "Just look at the two Clydesdales racing for a drink." Fart of a great cricketer's daily routine while a match like this is in progress is to tit or stand to a photographer. Some of them like it, some hate it, but none escape the camera Gend. Scores of snapshots are taken by Kodaks secretly and without bother to the eubjeobs ; bat this is not all. ' Directly a batsman is out, or maybe before he goes in, he is asked for the privilege of a pose, and if he consents is maroued away to a mere or lees retired oorner, where, in front of three stumps, he is asked to stand and make his favourite stroke. This is easier asked than complied with. For insbanoe, Frank Ireaale essayed a late cut, but, though his bat went out, neither foot was moved. Sid Gregory, however, showing the same hit, placed his right foot baok in the orthodox way. Most of the Mel bourne weeklies will pnb'ish epeoial piotorial cricket supplements with this week s issue, and, having had the privilege of seeing the proofs, I oan promise .dustrafasian. subscribers, at any rate, an interesting eouvenir of the great match. Looking on at this oontest one is struck by the youthfulness of many of the players. George Giffen and Feel are the only men who played in a test match before 1835—ten years ago—and the champion is the solitary one who figured in the famous 7-rnns ' victory at Kensington Oral in 18S2. Most of the PoaeSa Hie fronbrank J Jmtthdwhft ere be ad W.G.Amongstthe rising generation. Are 'noi ' •uohplayers as Brown, Kiohardeon, Mnolarefi.' Gregory Darling. Graham, MoKtbbin.aea Albert Pro tt treading boldly in Shefoofestsips of the greatest men of the decay ing genBra tion of arioketegref .Below in round figures, that is, ignoring quarters andeighths of years, are. the ages of the contestants in tbematon undernotios:— ENGLAND, II. Peel 38 J. Brlgga ... . ... 33: A. K. Stoddart 32 A. Ward SO H, H. Phillipson ... 291 W. Brockwell 29 P.G.J. Ford . 28 W. H. Iiockwood ... 27 J. T. Brown £5} T. Bicharoson ... 21 j A. C. Maolaren 23 Average AUStBAUi. O, Gifien ... 30 A. H. Jarvig 81 J. J. Lyons... 82 W. Bruce ... SI G. H. S. Trott ... 281 F. A. Irodale 271 S. £. Gregory 25 J. Barling ... ... 21 H. Graham... ... 21 T. B. McKibbin ... 21 A.E.Trott 22 Average ... ... 28 Melbourne, March 6. Whatever may be the issue of this great game, and at the moment of writing it trembles in the balanoe, the Englishmen have no reaeon to be ashamed of the part they have already played in the struggle. They went in against a heavy score, for 414 is a heavy score though it may not be a huge one, and actually got to within 29 of it. Three or four errors in the field gave them the odd 85 runs, but it is veryseldom that a maumakes 1201ike HoLaren did without giving a chance or two. It ia a oircuinstanoe that she greatetand of the Eng lishmen's innings was made by the oldest and the youngest members of the team—Peel and MoLaren. I doubt whether Peel in all hia thirteen years'career ever played a more valuable innings, and it was the mora weloome to him because his last four innings in the test mataheB realised 0—OandO—0. The genuine hardworking little Yorkshireman surely de served a favourable turn of Fortune's wheel. He made hie score when runs were wanted and when he wanted the runs. For onoe in a way George Giffen was not able to get him into his toils ae quickly as usual. The way George tackles these lefthanders reminds one of the battles we read of between a cobra and a panther. The oobra winds itself round its viotim, whioh after a few frantio efforts to escape gives up the ghost. This is often the way with Peel and Ford when they faoe George. The first ball at them begins the ooiling process, very soon they do not know bow to oomb&t; the pressure put upon them, and the end invari ably comes with some weak stroke, ae though the batsman were thoroughly inert. Anything more masterly than McLaren's batting cannot well be imagined. For crisp nessand neatness his strokes, whether they were leg hits or wristy oover hits or finest of late outs, were perfectly exeouted. And he did not appear to the least advantage when on Mondny our champion bowler set a trap for him. With a man standing on the point at square leg, and another nofnrtheraway atailly mid-on, and with another at ordinary mid on, many an older batsman might have been forgiven if he had lost his head. McLaren, however, played every one of those accurately pitohed balls with amazing coolness, and actually got aeveral of them past the jealously guarded points. When George Giffen sets this trap, the batsmen, in his endeavour to avoid it, either lots go and is caught at long on or gently returns the drooping ball to the bowlor. MoLaren never onoe tried a big hit, but twioe he aent the ball back to George Giffen, and there he found the weak point in the linea which hemmed him in, for George had strangely slipperyhands. Whileadmiringthe nerve and skill of the young batsman, for whom this trap was sot, the bowler who tempted bim into it must not be overlooked. Every ball had to be accurately pitohed.. If one had been outside the off stump it might have been driven or cut through gaps in the off field ; while if it had been but an inoh outside his legs, it would have been treated to the elegant Harrow glide. Ball after ball, however, was pitched on the leg-stump with marvellous acouracy. I never Baw a man step on his wioket before like MoLaren did, and I should say it was the worst of luak were it not a bad feature of his pull stroke. It seems to me that he swings round on his left toes after making the stroke so that he may start to ron sooner, but every time be pirouettes hie right foot is perilously near the sticks. The best feature of the Englishmen's play as a whale team has, however, been the field ing. In bygone years touring English elevens have made fielding one of their strongest points; bat Stoddart's men hare not played up to these traditions. In this match, how ever, exoept for a oouple of lapses by Ford in the first innings, their fielding has been mag nificent, brilliant, and safe. MoLaren, who, in former test matobes, did not show anything beyond average form in the field, was in this match the most bril liant fieldsman on either side. His plncky dashes round the edge of the boundary often prevented a seemingly certain footer, while at extra mid-off his dash and skill were worthy of Vernon Boyle, the great Lanoashire cover point of other days. Brown also fielded with wonderful aoonraoy in the in-field, while even Riohardson and Lookwood triumphed over their bulkinesa and did smart work. The style of game adopted by the Aus tralian batsmen in their second innings oer taiuly played right inta the hands of the Engliebmeo. None of them would take the slightest risk, and there were pre oioua few of those hard bits which tend more than aught else to dis organise the field. Jaok Lyons began in the right way, but unfortunately did not last. Like the other dashing batsmen of the side he only dashed in to dash out again. Every inoh of the way was desperately fought by the Englishmen with a dogged determination worthy of their ancestors who fought for the heights of Badajos in the Peninsula War. But the Australians held on grimly to their first innings' advantage, and though they were unable to top even 300 in their second essay, they did not do at all badly to compile 267. The most tenacious batsmen were Giffen, Darling, Harry Trott, and Jar vis, who all batted with remarkable oooluess and courage. Syd. Gregory, true to his nature, adopted guerilla tactics, worrying the enemy by his dash down the pitch for shott rune: but at last a RichardBon oannoQ shot knocked him over. Joe Darling oarried off the individual batting honours of thematoh on the Australian aide. What a meteoric rise to eminenoe bis has been. Two years ago he was managing a farm in theoonntry, and only playing orioket rarely against the greenest of buoolias. Now he is in the topmost brandies of the tree of Australian batsmen, with not three finer batsmen in the colonies. George Giffen and Harry Trott by virtue of their greater experience are still his peers, but give me Darling in preference to either Iredale or Gregory for he combines defensive and hitting powers in a mors remarkable degree than either of them. The almost total failure of suoh artists as Bruoe, Iredale, and Graham, to say nothing of Albert Trott, grevionsly dis appointed Australians. Between tbem tbey only made 85 rune in eight innings, Suoh is DMe> 'So began 3u« bonneoUgn with .teat' tnatobeaby ^ting88,72, and 85, without ones, betnggot oul,nowhB histobe content with lO^.Frahklred ale we* sadly disappointed hhatbodidnot reach the century meither Innings. He was in splendid form, has been soaring with remarkable oonsigcenoy in recent marches, and heeded 141runs to make his . aggregate in first-olais matohesthis season the Bound 1,000. " I think I have a good ohanoe of melting them, "be ventnredj when he knew that Giff. had won the toss. He was very ooufident, but confidence oianot help a man when the tide of hie fortune turns. Grioketers Beem to have their runs of luok and ill luok, and when the tide turns they seem to be no tnoreableto atom it than Canute was to keep baok the advancing waves. Brookwell's tout in Australia affords an in stanoeof a determined batsman's inability t oonquerhis luok. He was a ohatnpion wheo he left England; he returns as a failure. No doubt our fast wickets have not suited his style of play, but sheer bad look has had a deal to do with his failure to score heavily. Zf ever a man has gone to the wiokets time after .time thoroughly fit with olear sight and strong arms the Surrey favourite has. There is none of the ohicken-heart about him. He has grimly determined to soore and has made good strokes, but all manner of wonder ful oatohea have cut short promising innings. Poor Brook well was quite orestf alien when he oame in on Saturday after being stamped by Jarvie, and said to a sympathiser, "It doesn't seem to be any use me trying. If I bit I get out; if I play keeps I get out; I don't know what game to play." In the 'second innings, at any rate, he could not blame his luok because he made a feeble stroke. A man must feel a failure like Brookwell's. I know how Frank Walters felt in England in 1890 hen, after starting the tour in fine style, be played>fourteen oon- ; eecntive innings without onoe reaching double figures. ' The differenoe between the two men is that, whereas one has the heart of a lion, the other's heart is no bigger than that of a horrid little inseot, but even to be alliterative • I will not put the ward into oold print. Although MoKibbin captured only one wioket ia the first innings of the Englishmen, he pleased judges who bad not seen him before. He was able to make the ball talk on an excellent wioket, but in my humble judg ment he sacrificed pitch to break. Some of his breaks were so enormous that they beat the wioketkeeper as well as the batsmen, bet he has yet to learn that a ball need not neoessarily break right across the wicket to deceive a batsman. Not an ad verse comment did I hear about his delivery. There ia no doubt about its fairness. Talking of suspicious bowling reminds me of a good yarn I beard this week, It is told at the expense of Brown, thepopular little Yorkshireman. PrioT to one of the oountry matobes one or two of the wags of the team prevailed on S tod dart to allow Brown to bowl. Then they went to the looal umpire, and raising the question of throwing,- remarked quite aimlessly like "Oh the only suspioiouB bowler we have is Brown. The umpires keep a strict eye on him in England." The play began, and in aoooidanoe with the arrangements Brown was put on to bowl. Imagine his astonishment, seeing that he bonds as fairly at any man, when his first ball was "oalled.' ' When the seoond was also oalled he was thunderstruck, but when a third time the umpire called "no- ball," a light dawned upon the little hard-faced Tyke. Those no-balls never went down in the aooring-book. 