OXFORD THEATRE. This popular place of numecinent was well filled on Saturday evening, when the new programme was received with overj token of satisfaction. The first port consisted, as usual, of vocal con- tributions, sentimental, and cotnle, by the members of Messrs Whitburn and Akarmun's clever company. The more noticeable were In Old Madrid, by Mr Horace St. George; Sweetest Bongs of All, by MIkh Porn Busch, a lady with a remarkably well-modulated and well ranged voice; Welcome Pretty Prim rose. Miss Ltllnn Lynton; Hello Bahby, Bill' Auarmnn; aud There Is a Flower Unci Bloomeih, by tbnt sterling tenor, Mr Wallace King. Will Whitburn, the nuvst delightful of comedians, had the Suburban Ghost on tap, a ferocious minister of sufficiently appalling appe arance to send the statues of Burke ami Wills Into hysterics. Mr Whit- burn had to resitotid to several encores lurforo the audience would he satis fied. Our Franks aud .1. Williams put In a good song and dance turn, and MIkh Eunice Fernandez was encored for a faultlessly played mandoline solo. 11te curtain fell to a laughable finale, entitled The Professor, in which Messrs Whitburn and Akartnan figured pro minently. The Leonard family of Ac robats. Miss Pearl Aknrnmn, Franks and Williams, Fred Garnet, the dummy clown, and Miss Ada Leniprloru amus ed and pleased a demonstrative au dience. The performance concluded with an Irresistibly funny afterpiece entitled One Night In a Bur-room. This evening the committee of the Temple of Light will open the poly- oruma in the Prahrau Town Hull, in aid of the Tucker Village Settlements. A Mplendid programme has been arran ged, and several well-known and talen ted artists buve given their services, Iticiurifug Mr B. Weslwood and Mad ame Pollard. The Mayor of Praliran will preside. To-morrow night a social evening Is to he held by the St. Peter's Gulhl. of 8t. l'cter'B Church, Albert street, East Melbourne, when a new comedietta, The Old Flame, written by Mr W. J. Lincoln, author of The Bush King, wll be produced for the first time. Tito names of Miss Marie Pcrklus, Mr Ward, Mr Martin, and the author are included In the cast. Mrs WUllnm Green mid the MIhhch Green are undertaking the tusk of giv ing Instruction to those who are to take part in the tlornl march minuet and country dance at the juvenile fancy dress hall ut Government House oil 23rd August.. The couples have not yet been selected. Lessons will be given at the Hibernian Hall on Tues day and Thursday afternoons, at -1 o'clock. 