News In .'Brief. Beptcmbor 20, Glorious wcatlior. Tho Tlobbornu caso to be revived, T.T.O. not to race on Boxing Day, Beu Hall and Go's altered advt, on lint pnRO, Sheep sold up to 20/ each at NoWBtcnd on Monday. New Guidon Gate dividend of 2/ per sham declared. i. Tucnlo' itcadily approaching from ffcatwanl, Jiipuni'H) intent on materially strougthun InK tlii'lr navy. ? OlI.fV'H DllY GIN.— Cortllied valuable for kidney affections, The Tlohbornu case will shoilly cotno be fore tho Sydney Cuurt. 1,42.1,6)0 passengers carried on Uobart ? tr»m« tills yesar. Monthly meeting W.O.T.U., Burnle Motho jilt Church, lu-morruw, Union B.B, Co. has gonerouBly donated fC/S/ to thu Floyd fund. Tasmania G.M. Co, dividend of 1/ per share p»yablu on Tuesday next. Wynyard v, Burnlo football match on Sat urday will bo 'a great go.' Entertainment nnd cnlfuo supper at Durniii P.M. Church to-night, Severe weather has killed lambs by, the iron1 in the Evandalo district, OnpUIn Fullerton, for many years Mul bourne harbormaster, Is Haul. Yield of over lion gnhl to tho ton at thu Oieat Buulder mine, Goolgardfe.' ' The Bnuldcr crushing (Coolgardio) last week 2,2l)5oi gold frum 4 OS ton», ' Wintry weather prevailing in Now South Wales. Sheep dying in thousands. Considerable interest being shown in forth comiug sale of Mr Patrick's library. For Sale— Superior Rugvy, new; taken Two bhuw Prizes. Apply this Office.— ailvt. Iloth teams for Wynyard v. Rurnie fool lull match on Saturday will be in good furm. Tasmania crushing of 138S tons gave mlM retorted gold, average lot Odwt 7gr |«rton. Allan Everton, of Wynyard, a mnrri.d I man with 8 children committed to New Nor folk. Launceston Council imitating N.S.W. I Assembly in the mutter of disorderly meet in^a. Now list of prices for drapery, clothing, etc , at Hall and Co '» Burnle, on first page this Insuc. Broken Hill Proprietary Company declared 100 dividends and bonuses, totalling, £0,808,000. The Tasinanian riflemen at Brisbane, In cluding Sergt. Tong, are annexing some of I the prizes. I One of tho Abrahams Brothers sentenced I to 0 months additlonul Imprisonment for I malingering. I New Zealand Assembly agreed to increase of duty on tea to 0 1 per lb till cud of 181)5 I and 4d thereafter. I Sir George Dlbbs has accepted the position I of managing trustee of the Savlogs Bank of New South Wales. The ' Standard ' has joined in condemna tion of the trado in Australian II vo cattle brought to England. European Pow»rs demanding reparation from the Porte for outrages committed at Jeddah in May last. New York athlete! havo b'eate'n British' competitors in every event at the New York Athletlo Club contests. A drought has prevailed in New Caledonia «uslug siiaroity of feed, the death of many I cattle, and much distress. Barque Stonlelgh, from Melbourne, long overdue in the Thames, is supposed to havo foundered off Cape Horn. The prlr.es for tho boy'a match at the Axemen's Carnival have been altered from £1/10/ to £3/10/. — See advt. Ulnonlerly meeting of Launccston Council an Monday re tho dispute over tho recent appointment of an electrician. Eight degrees nisi for tho dissolution of marriage were made absolute by the Sydney Divorce Court one day last week. The East Devonport 'ghost' has turned out to bo a female with a coverlni; on her head who was out rather late at night. Wretched mismanagement still prevailing in the Flench Army at Madagascar. The troop* arc dying from disease and neglect. Now South Wales Premier has announced his Intention to endeavor to curry, during present session, the Federal Enabling Bill. I Hobart trams run on an averago about 1,000 miles t day. Since they started two years ago thoy have run about 702,612 miles. Young man, CornellusM'Oauley, found life less covered with sunw on thu side of the Macquarie Plains-road, New Norfolk district. Alderman Sadler referring to tho appoint ment of Mr Rowley, LaunecBton electrician, said be believed Ml Rowley was proved a liar. Mr A. Barrett, at tho last meeting of Uunce»ton Council, reminded MrGllmore tout ho once offered to tight him with one hand. The woman, Emma Williams, who downed her 2-yr-old son in tho Yarra, by tying a stone round bis neck has been sentenced to death. At tho Newtown Court (Sydney) J. Forst and M'Grcgor each fined £100, or three months' imprisonment, for running an illicit HIH at Petersham.. Reported that between 40,000 and 60,000 shctphavo perished recently in tho Willlu district, N.S.W., owing to wintry weather »od Bcarclty of feed. An experimental shipment of tierces of bctf is now on its way from Sydney to Vladl vostock, the Russian naval and penal station °Mr MIcbioYDavIlt after vlaltlng South and \Ve«t Amtrnila nroceeds to New Zealand, re maining there a inontn ana leaving lor i,uu don on November SO. Launceston butchers «ay they are paying £SO0 a year more for the uae of the «bba. tolrs than they coat to carry on and nave 'Ved for reduced charges. Two young ladleB, dressed a* cycllate, uro ctogal In Parla with ahop-llf ting. They are »U to have atowed away * quantity of alllt to tteit knickerbockers. Balph Lord, of Buckland, (Tas.) stated to ™ louue, found In possession of a six Cham bered revolver, four of which still loaded. Ha was missing for several days. tlaatonant Peary and momben ofhH Arc tlo expedition have arrived In Newfoundland | driven buck by itraas of ollmate and failure o''Pplli»,bnt otherwise all woll. Tbo T.io. by 33 votes to 1, carried luoltttlnn that It la not doslrable the olu jhould race on Boxing Day. The Carrlck Club will probably notTio allotted that day. ThBAV.O.T.U. Convention Bt Sydnoy haa decided to petition Parliament asking that action bo taken to enforoo a hotter obaorv «nco of the law against breaking the Sab The enormous quantity of land In America held by foreigners is said to be causing un MBtaeflB in the States. It Is computed that 5° leii than 80,000,000 ticrea aro owned by EnglUhmen, 