CHAPTER XXIX. *9 UNE AFFAIRE D HONNEUR. m. nqueconne wbb Busing at eae wihuoh of the sitting-room -which he and Jack occupied, in the hotel in which they wer. staying. The night was delightfully tgfcrm save for the breeze that at intervals swept inland from the sea, cool and re freshing »a a woman’s hand on a fevered gnffarer’E brow. Tho mionlight lay on the dark bine bosom of the channel in a wide silver sheet, lighting up the green sward between the houses and the shingly beach, and shining on the white ridge of cliff beneath Le Pollet. Such nights aro conducive to refaction, and the Frenchman sat, gazing on the heavenly calm below and above him, wrapt in pensive meditation. He was once more in his native land, and yet how foreign that lend seemed to him. All that it had contained dearest to man’s heart was now for him no more; he felt like one who visits what was once a dear and cherished heme, after all who made that place a home had passed away. The white cliffs rose like ghosts from the bosom of the waters, the murmur of the waves fall on his ears like a plaintive [ wail; the memories of the past crowded [ through his mind, until his bosom heaved with emotion, and the force of his manhood S seemed powerless to kaep the springing tear baok from his eyes. Ho was there, in his dear France once again, but where was she, the light of those days whioh at timos seemed so far aloDg the track of time, and at other momenta so near ? and where was she, that baby child, whoso first lisping accents had fallen like heavenly musio on hiu ears, whose eyes had beamed npon him with tho true light of the lamps of paradise ? A man’s form threw a shadow aoroBS the sward, he recognized the springing, elastic step, the easy carriage, the well-knit form. “ Void ce cher Jack,’’ he muttered, “ what a grand fellow it is ; so free from cares, so trustful of the future, so oonfient that life is good.” In a few seconds Jaok was in the room beside him. The pair were silent for a moment, and then Jack’s strong joyous laugh shattered the silenoe that had reigned over all. “Eh Men, mon ami! how.you are like yonr newspaper report of inqvest—for vy t because zare is so much roars of laughter about you. And yet, my Jacks, your faoe is pale, and your eyes zey do not esmile vii your lips ; vat is in ze vind ? “ Professor," replied Jsok, gravely seat ing himself opposite Tiqoetonne; “ have you ever seen or heard of the Corsican Brothers ?" “ Diable! my Jaok, I have got sufficient of your blues already ; let us talk of some sink more cheerfuls.’’ “ Pas de tout, my Gallic friend; our con versation muBt be of cute and thrusts, and villainous saltpetre, and wounds, and rounds of ball-cartridge. I am to be challenged ; the thirst of my adversary iB to be quenched, and quickly, in my berlood.” “ Jaok, vat ze deuces ? Have you looked too long upon ze vino vile it vas red, or ze ale vile it vas pale ?” “ No, sapient mentor of my youth; hut learn'that bping at Rome, I am about to live or die in Roman fashion." And then Jaok gave his friend a short resume of the events of the evening, and intimated his intention of referring Sir Baynrd Blair’s messenger, Bhonld he arrive, to him. A duel, and betweon two Engleese. Quel bonheurcried M. Tiquetonna. Then moderating his t-ne, he continued, “ O’est une affaire serieuse. Yon are neizzare you Parisian editors, and if you fight, some von viil be hurt. Jaok, can you fenoe ?” “ When I was a boy I did a little with the singleatioks, but of your rapier, yonr tierce and oarte, and thrust and lunge, 1 know next to nothing," replied Jack ; “ but I’m not going to show the white feather to that swaggering snob.” “Tiens l He will ohallonge, you, zero fore, vill choose ze veapons, and you must elect ze pistol, or eke you muBt obtain aunozare second. I am not going to act for a man and let him go out at odds. Can you nhoot t" « Fairly well; my hand is steady, my eye is keen.” “ And your heart is firm. ,Eon ! Now go to bed ; leave ze rest to me, and sink as leetle of zk affaire as poBaible. Peutilre, it vill be arranged, and honour vill be satisfied vizout a meeting ” “Don’t harbour any illusions, Tiquetonna ’ ’ replied Jack, gravely; “if that man, Blair, could shoot or stab me in the dark with impunity, he would.; as It is, he meanB to work the same ends in the light of day. I conld read it in hk eyes.” And, surely enough, on the morrow a French captain of oavalry called npon Jaok Chippery at his hotel, and was by him referred to M. Tiqnetonne. . At the inter view which enBned, the two Frenchmen, with a profusion of politeness and ceremony, arranged between them that Sir Bayard Blair and Jack Chippery should meet at the break of the following day in a seolnded orchard, lying off the road from Dieppe to Chateau d’Argnes, and, pistol in hand, at twelve paoes, faoe each other—as other men, iu other times and other plaoes have done, since the world was young, and will do till the world is old, or men are wise —for a woman’s sake. And on that morning, whik M. Tiqnetonne and le Capitaine Hector Cartouoha were arranging the preliminaries and formalities of the meeting, onr friend Jack was loiter ing among the daisies on the cliffs beneath the frowning walls of the stern old oastle, a Hupple, muslin-clad form at hk side, a fresh, fair English faoe beaming npon him. Some times, despite his hardihood, his oheery laughter was oheoked, and the light in hk dark eyeB give piece to a sombre shade; bnt Lady May would ’ not tolerate this absence of mind, this dreaminosa of mood. She was happy, sparkling and light-hearted, and he, for whose sake her laugh rippled so merrily, and her eyes danoed so joyously— he, at times, caught the sweet infection of her gaiety, and would not heed the dark care that rode so closely behind him. “ Whatever can have become of Sir Bayard 1” Lady May orled suddenly. “Ho hasn’t appeared all the morning.” “And k hk sbsenoe bo veer unendur able t” the jealous Jaok aikodr lounging at her fe8t among the wild, fresh, fragrant C °‘^Notat all—rather a relief. Ob, I re member I lie Capitaine Cartouche, the terribls Cliassure d‘ Afrique, told me at breakfast at the hotel this morning he was going to meet Sir B.iyard at the rifle gallery.” <« £ suppose to teach the elderly idea how to shoot! ’ replied Jack, foroing a smile. <• I don’t think la Capitaine can teach Sir Bayard much that way,” repiled May, laughing. “ Papa says he has Been him firo at a oard-the Jack of Hoarts- and send his ballet right through the centre of the heart. How stupid of you, M.r Chippery, to pinch poor Flossie’s ear like that 1 Come to me, Flossie—poor, dear little pet 1 ” And JVL.y, taking her spaniel in her arms, and pressing the long, silky ears to her cheek, whispered in them, “ Never mind, dear little doggie he’s jealous 1 ” ,, As she sat among the long grass at the edge of the cliff. Jack gazed long and earnestly at the deep, blue sky, the deeper bluer Bea; then into her eyes—bluest and deepest of all, and, with a sigh, thought to himself, “Ah, well! I may never seo fcbose eyea again. How unlike ^cn I to fcnoBe believers in Mahomet 1 They look to meeting their moon-faced houris after the dark valley is orossed, while I—I leave my own fair angel behind,” 