CLAIMS OF ROMANISM. The Roman Church claims to be the (oldest Christian organization in the world. Organized Christianity in the Roman form has been and is recognized as the largest aggregate of human beings who acknowledge Jesus Christ as the Son of God and Redeemer- of the world. Two hundred million persons who believe in the Trinity and other eternal Christian truths as far as intellectual assent can influence them, confess that they are Roman Catholics. The Roman Catholic doctrine and the practice of the people in their observance of religious ceremonies are uniform in this respect. They believe in God and Christ in a general way. God the Creator and Lord is in heaven, far removed from the earthly Bpbere, and His Son is sitting at His right band, equally distant from human beings. All is holy, pure and lovely there in the celestial kingdom, and no one can draw near to that abode of the blessed except in spotless robes, even as in the kingdoms of this world no one can approach the Emperor, King or Queen except" in royal or courtly apparel. And as motarcbs of this world have their representatives, so the Al- mighty must have some one to be Hi'b delegate here on earth. In the fulfilment of time and prophecy God sent His Son on this earth, the Messiah, the Representative of His love and mercy. And this Son, having fulfilled His mission, left His representative here in the person of the Apostle Peter, whose successor is the Pope cf Rome of our day — according to Roman doctrine. This is the Roman Catholic system of dogmatic theology. The Pope of Rome rules as the vicar of Christ; he is the teaching power in the Church, assuming the office of the Holy Ghost, whom the Lord Jesus said He wonld send to teach all truth. Whether the Pope or the Papacy be the anti- Christ of the Scrip, tures, there is no question among those who have closely studied the subject that the Pope has usurped the place of the Holy Spirit in the Church of Christ. With Roman Catholics it is not what the Lord says in His Word, but what doeB ths Pope as the head of the Church say. HiB words must be obeyed under pain of eternal condemnation. From this it follows that the people are wholly dependent npon the Pope and his agents, duly appointed, ordained and commissioned by him, for the salvation of their souls. The text in John's Gospel SB understood by Roman Catholics meanB : 'God so loved the world that He gave Hib only begotten Son, that whosoever beheveth in Him— and in His vicar and the hierarchy — Bhould not perish, but have everlasting life." You may have the fulnesB of faith aB taught by Jesus and preached by Paul, but if you do not believe in the Pope &b; Christ's vicar, God s sole representative on earth, yon shall not be saved—if you are a Roman Catholic. Again the verses in John v. are un derstood by Roman Catholics- " As the Father hath Committed all judgment to the Son, so the Son hath committed all judgment and power to the Pope. And he that honoreth not the Pope honoreth not the Son nor the Father that sent him." "He that heareth My word," says Christ, "and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life, and Bhall not come into condemnation ; but is passed from death to life," " Trae enough," says the Pope, " but unless he hears my- voice also and obeys my teaching these promises avail him not ; " and the people believe the Pope. So far reference has been made only to faith, the intellectual assent required of Roman Catholics. In practice all can be summed up in the axiom, "No priest, no sacrament; no sacrament, no salvation." The only way of salvation in that Church is through the sacraments which only, a duly ordained priest can administer. Recently Cardinal Vaughan in England denied the validity of Anglican Orders ; hence there can be no salvation in the Church of England or in Protes tantism. Cardinal Gibbons has said in the American Catholic Quarterly Review for October : " The supremacy of the Roman pontiff, the Bupreme jurisdiction of St. Peter and hiB successors, can alone unite us in the fellowship of our Redeemer." He goes further and Bays : " One cannot he with Christ unless he be with his true Church ; and in His Church He set up Peter and his successors an authority which should be at once the rule of faith and the bond of union. All in opposition to that divine ordinance, all who separate themselves from it, cannot expect to have part with Christ; they will be against Christ." The Roman Church claims not only supreme spiritual power, hut also supreme tempoaal power, and this claim has been enforced wherever it has held sway. The unholy alliance between Church and State and manipulations in politics in every country have been the result of this claim. What is Tammany Hall in New York, and who compose the vicious element in the city? Three-fourths Roman Catho lic. So it is in all our large cities where civic rule is corrupt and municipal administration is a shame and disgrace. 