PBAHRjySf : G03QRTP1 MO.VDAT. JVLX 29, 1895. Before Dr., ^oiUeraferi (cbairmati} and' a beucli of Magistrates. two duvsbb'. Mary. Winter was, charged with .being drunk, and disorderly in . Chapel -istreet oh Saturday last, and bu ?payment of two Ehillings cab bireT was discharged. Alfred Wilson for being drunk whilst in charge of* horse and trap, was fined 10s or 48 hours. James Carr v. ,S. Griffiths. .Mr. S. Williams for fhe plaintiff. Tbis was to interpleader case, the defendant having seized 'some furniture belonging to James Carr, the man's wife being the tenant. It was shown that a notice to quit was given on June 17th, as follows ; — ' I wifih you to settle up' your rent £2 15s, and to accept a week'6 notice from this date.' It was alleged that the house wes left, 'and sixteen days after, an execution was put in on another .person's goods in a different house. Mr. Seton Williams who appeared for the claimant, was referring to the law on the subject, wlieu Dr retherston, chairman of the bench, said he was talking arrant non eense. Mr Williams : Thank you. Dr Fetherstone : You are quite welcome fj-» n-iTT m-tininn_ Mr WilliamB -, I hopp that it is singular. Surely it is .unheard of to. come to a.con clnsion before Thave pointed out the law, Dr Fetherston : You are quite welcome. Mr Williams : Why should I be treated like that. I have always shown you res pect ; I have had it from others and will have it in future. I am telling you the ; law on the case, and ani told it is rubbish. Why a Supreme Court Judge :wonld not have told me that. I am somewhat hurt at such an expression which is completely uncalled for. Dr Fetherstou : If people throw stones they must expect ? Mr Williams : Who threw stones? Dr Fetherston : Sit down sir. The bench are unanimous— will that satisfy you— that the case must be dismissed with 53s Cd. costs. AXOTHEB ISTEKrLEADEB. Maggie Allad claimed a piano seized by William Taylor for a debt, and the bench decided she 'had made good her claim, but declined to give costs. A DECEASED ESTATE. Marcus Ortner sued Mrs Martha. Keu- ward as executrix of the estate of Henrv Kenward for £33 las. Mr B. Kelly' for the plaintiff, and Mr Fay for the dsfeudant. the latter objecting to the case on the ground that the woman could not be expected to understand what.' de son tort' meant. The case was adjourned for a week. TWO HAHAVAY CASES. James Brough and John Mirk were charged with getting out of a train at South Yarra, on Juue 18th, whilst in motion. Both -were passengers on the 6.55 p.m. train to Caulfield- Brough said he got up when the train stopped, but slipped after he got out, aud the door of the carriage struck him. Mirk said seeing the danger iu which Brough was, although he (wituess) was going to Toorak, he jumped out to try &nd; reuder Ttivn some assistejice The Bench fined Brough 2s Gd, aud 2s 0d oosts, and dismissed the informatiou against Mirk. Thursday, Aitgost 1st, 1895. Before Mr. Keogh, P.M., and a Bench of Justices . T. Phillips and B. Nathan were each fined 10s for allowing their goods to abut on the footpath over the prescribed limit. Sydney Erririgtou was let off with a caution ou the alleged charge, of having plaved the part of a 'ghost' at South Tarra on Tuesday evening last. Mr. Keogh told Sydney to be more careful in future, as he might get into trouble. The R©v. Mr. Priestley put iu a good word for defeudant. Edward Eckles was committed for trial on a charge of having broken into the premises of W. H. Cook, grocer, of High street, ou the -27th ult. He was caught by Richard Denton, the latter being armed with a revolver. Frederick J. Spencer was given three mouthe for false pretences. He passed a valueless cheque for £2 2s ou Daniel Collins, dairyman, of Windsor. 