f<ecin£ a Glmst. T h e Ccunles* of Munster nm»t be clashed araoftg (ho select few who have seen—or Hiiuk they have s e e n -a ghost. I t seems, according to ber owu account, which !&rs; in the new number of the Slrand 't/zinc, that some years ago she be e the object of the “ infatuated adoration" of a pe.rsou of her own age aud sex. The person died. Some time afterw a'ds the Countess wai lying in bed when, ju st as th© •lock struck twelve, her friend appeared bsforo her. The weird visitor was in her usual dress, as in life,and she hsd a smile on her face. Lik© most ghosts, her purpose in appearing does not seem (o have been a very iotelluriblcone* To tbe request th at she should a(ato what brought her there, she vouchsafed no reply, but as noon as her ladyship's voice had ceased, the apparition disappeared, Perhaps some clue to the occurrence is afforded by sotno of Lady M unster's owu admitsioofi. She had sufferfd ail day from feveriib* ness, had gone early to bed and had been kept painfully awake, as she thought, by tbo chiming of a church clock. One admiftian she roakefi is particularly significant. At the moment when, as she thought , sho saw ber late friend, she did not realise just at the moment that that friend was dead._____________ A certain cure for indigestion A dozen oysters daily from the saloon of 0. Clasp, 65 Liverpool street. Wife (at the tea table): “ Good gr&cieua; how your appetite has improved of late What in tbe world can bo responsible for the change F” Husband (joyfully): " I t ia such a treat after-oxhausting your own supply and tr y iDgfcWeral other brands, to find there is such a jam jn the Market ab Jones and Co.’s 1 XL. I can only wonder why you did not specially nek for this brand in the first place, as you must be aware th at it the ONLY Jam that was awarded a e, and this a first-close special a t the Tosmaniau Exhibition for 'Exec manufacture and purity of flavor, W. D. Peacock And CourxNita Jams, Jellies, and Dessert Fruits. Absolute cloanliness is observed i& their manufacture, aud only fresh fruit Is used with the bighoBt grade of refinod sugar. Two gold medals, Ta&mauUn; International Exhibition, JB94-5 j F irst Order of Morit, Brisbane, 18951 Special First Prize, Hobart Horticultural Show, 1696. Undoubtedly th© finest jama in Tfltmanio, 