THE POPE'S ENOYOIIGAL TO THE ENGLISH PEOPLE. APPEAL FOE TOUT* OF FATEH. The Apostolic letter of Pope Leo XIII. to the English people is a document of great length. It is ad dressed to those ' who seek the King dom of Christ in the Unity of the Faith,' and opens with a declaration that the Pope, having in a previous Apostolic letter addressed the English people in common with other nations, has 'greatly desired to do this by a special letter, and thus give to the illustrious English race a token of our sincere affection.' ENGLISH RELATIONS WITH THE PAPACY. This wish has been kept alive by the hearty good -will we have always felt towards your people, whose great deeds in olden times tbe history of the church declares. We were yet more moved by not infrequent conversations with your countrymen, who testified to the kindly feeling of the English towards us personally, and above all to their anxiety for peace and eternal salvation through unity of Faith. God is our witness how keen is our wish that some j effort of ours might tend to assist and ' further the great work of obtaining the reunion of Christendom ; and we render thanks to God, who has so far prolonged our life, that we may make ] an endeavor in this direction. But since, as is but right, we place our ' confidence of a happy issue principally and above all in tiio wonderful power of God's grace, we have with full con sideration determined to invite all Englishmen, who glory in the Christian name, to this same work, and we exhort them to lift up their hearts to God with us, to fix their trust in Him, and to seek from Him the help neces sary in such a matter by assiduous diligence in holy prayer. A GLANCE AT BISTORT. His Holiness goes on to insist upon the love and care of the Roman Pontiffs for England from the days of Gregory the Great, who, by his missionary, St. Augustine, restored the Christianity which the Church had conveyed to Britain, and spread and defended there against rising heresy, but which had been blotted out by the invasion of heathen races. This loving care of the Pope was rewarded, ' for in no other case, perhaps, did the Faith take root so quickly, nor was bo keen and intense a love manifested towards the See of Peter.' But, in the storms which devastated Catholicity throughout Europe in the 16th century, England, too, recpived a grievous wound ; for it was first un happily wrenched from communion with the Apostolic See, and then was bereft of that holy faith in which for long centuries it had rejoiced and found liberty. It was a sad defection ; and our predecessors, while lamenting it in their earnest love, made every prudent effort to put an end to it, and to mitigate the many evils consequent upon it. SIGNS OF 'EEVIVAL.' The Pope recalls how, whilst Nuncio in Belgium, he made the acquaint ance of an Englishman, Ignatius Spencer, who laid before him the pro ject for extending a society of pious people to pray for tbe return of the English nation to the Church. The fruits of Divine grace became notorious. Very many were led to follow the Divine call, and among them not a few men of distinguished eminence, and many, too, who in doing so had to make personal and heroic sacrifices. Moreover, there was a wonderful draw ing of hearts ami minds towards Catholic Faith and practise, which rose in public respect and esteem, and many a long cherished prejudice yielded to the force of truth. Looking at all this, we do not doubt that the united and humble supplications of so many to God are hastening the time of further manifestations of Hts merciful designs towards tbe English people when ' the Word of the Lord may run and be glorified ' (1'bes. iiL, 1). Our confidence is strengthened by observ ing the legislative and other measures which, if they do not, perhaps, directly, still do indirectly help forward the end we have in view by ameliorating tbe condition of the people at large, and by giving effect to the laws of justice and charity. PBACnCAL RELIGION IK ENGLAND. Enlarging upon this aspect of the cise, Iits Holiness points ' with singular joy ' to ' the great attention which is being given in England to tbe solution of the social question— tbe establish' ment of benefit and other societies, the efforts for th« maintenance of religious teaching, and zeal in the repression of interference and incontinence. The various abundant manifestations of care for the aged, for orphans, for in curables, for the destitute, the refuges, reformatories, and other forms of charity, all which the Church as a tender Mother inaugurated and from the earliest times has ever inculcated j as a special duty, are evidences of the spirit which animates you, Nor can we omit to mention specially the strict ' public observance of Sunday and the ? general spirit of respect for the Holy Scriptures. Everyone knows the power and resources of tbe British nation and the civilising influence which, with the spread of liberty, accompanies its com mercial prosperity even to the most remote regions. But, -worthy and noble in themselves as are all these varied manifestations of activity, our soul is raised to the origin of all power and the perennial source of all good things, to God our Heavenly Father, most beneficent. For the labors of roan, whether public or private, will not attain to their full efficacy without appeal to God in prayer and without the Divine blessing.' THEOU-1H PRATER TO UN1TV. The letter goes on in some detail to emphasise the importance of prayer, instancing the example and precepts of Christ. It continues: — We on our part, watching the signs of the times, exhorting and talcing thought for the future, urged thereto by the example of Christ and the duty of our Apostolic office, have not ceased to pray, and still humbly pray, for tbo return of Christian nations, now divided from us, to the unity of former drys. We have more than once of !ato years given expression to this object of our desires, and have devoted sedulous care to its realisation. The time can not be far distant when we must appear to render an account of our stewardship to the prince of. pastors, and how happy, how blessed should we be if we could bring to Him some fruit — some realisation of these our wishes which He has inspired and sustained. In these days our thoughts tura with love and hope to the English people, observing as we do the frequent and manifest works of Divine grace in their midst ; how to some, it is plain, the confusion of religious dissensions which divide them is a cause of deep i concern ; how others see clearly the j need of some such defence against the inroad of modern errors which only j too readily humor the wishes of fallen j nature and depraved reason ; how the t number of those religious and discreet j lhen who sincerely labor mucli for re- ! union with the Catholic Church is in creasing. We can hardly say how I strongly these and other signs quicken ? the charity of Christ in us, and re doubling our prayers from our inmost soul we call down a fuller measure of Divine grace, which, poured out on minds so well disposed, may issue, in the ardently desired fruit, the fruit — namely, that we may all mset into the unity of faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God (Eph. iv., 13), careful to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, one body and one spirit ; as you are called in one hope of your calling — one Lord, one faith, one liantism {Tb.. 3 — 5\\. With loving heart, then, we turn to you all in England, to whatever com munity of institution you may belong, desiring to recall you to this holy unity. . . ? Difficulties there may be for us to face, but they are not of a nature which should delay our Apostolic zeal or stay your energy Ah, no doubt the many changes that have come about, and the time itself, have caused the existing divisions to take deeper root. But is that a reason to give up all hope of remedy, recon ciliation and peace ! By no mean* if God is with us. ... The time is not far distant wben 13 centuries will have been completed since the English race welcomed those Apostolic men sent, as we have said, from this very city of Rome, and, casting aside the Pagan deities, dedicated the first f raits of its faith to Christ our Lord and God. This encourages our hope. It is, indeed, an event worthy to be re membered with public thanksgiving; would that this occasion might bring ' to all reflecting minds tbe memory of the faith tbeo preached to your ancestors, the same which is now preached — Jesus Christ yesterday, to-day and tbe same for ever, as the apostle say (Heb. xiii., 8), who also most opportunely exhorts you, as he does all, to remember those first preachers ' who have spoken the Word of God,' to you whose faith follow, considering the end of the conversation (Ib., 7). I In such a cause, we first of all call to our assistance as our allies the Catholics of England, whose faith and piety we know by experience. There can be no doubt that, weighing earnestly tbe value and effects of holy prayer, the virtue of which we have truly declared, they will strive by every means to succor their fellow countrymen and brethren by in voking in their behalf the divine clemency. . . . And in regard to tins there is another matter which gives us anxiety. We have heard iliat in England there are some who, being Catholics in name, do not show themselves so in practice ; and that in your great towns there are vast numbers of people who know not the elements of the Christian faith, who never pray to God, and live in ignorance of His justice and of Hifl mercy. We must pray to God, and pray yet more earnestly in this sad condition of things, since He alone can effect a remedy. His Holiness at the same time urges that the faithful should not suffer themselves to be wanting in anything that pertains to the grace and the fruit of prayer, 'tbo exemplary ob servance of uprightness and justice, of pitifulness for the poor, of penance, of peace And concord in your own | he uses, of respect for the law.' These are what will give force and efficacy to prayer. AN INDUCEMENT TO PRAT FOR ENGLAND. We therefore humbly call on St. Gregory, whom the English have ever rejoiced to greet as the apostle of their nice, on Augustine, his disciple and bis messenger, and on those other saints of God, through whose wonderful virtues and no less wonderful deeds England has merited the title of ' Island of the Saints ' ; on St. Peter and Sfc. George, those special patrons, and above all on Mary, the Holy Mother of God, whom Christ Himself from the Cross left to be the mother of mankind, to whom your kingdom was dedicated by your forefathers andtr that glorious title 'The. Dowry of Mary.' All these with full con fidence we call upon to be our pleaders before the Throne of God that, renew ing the glory of ancient days, He may ' till you with all joy and peace in believing ; that you miy abound in hope and in the power of the Holy Ghost' (Romans xv., J3). Care should be taken that the prayers for unity already established amongst you Catholics on certain fixed days should be made more popular and recited with greater .. devotion. Especially that the pious practice of the holy Rosary, which we ourselves have po strongly rccDininendfid, should flourish, for it contains as it weie a summary of the Gospel teaching, and has always been a most salutary institution for the people, at large. Moreover, we are pleased of our own will And authority to add still another to the sacred indulgence which have been granted from time to time by our predecessors. We grant, that is to all those who piously recite the'prayer appended to this letter, to whatever nation they may belong, an indulgence of 300 days ; moreover, a plenary indulgence once a month on the ob servance of the usuil conditions to those who have recited it daily. Finally, we desire all manner of blessings from God for the whole of the British people, and with all our heart we pray that those who seek the Kingdom of Christ and salva tion in the unity of faith may enter ou the full realisation of their desires. Given at St. Peter's in Rome on the 14th of April, 1895, in the 18th year of oar Pontificate. I THB PBATER TO MART. I The form of prayer appended to the letter is in the following terms : — To tbe Blessed Virgin. Praver for Enerland. O blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother, look dawn in mercy upon England thy 'Dowry' and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in tliee. By thee it was that Jeans or Saviour and our hope was given unto the world ; and He has given thee to us that we might hope still more. Plead for us, thy children, whom thou didst receive and accept at the foot of the Cross. O sorrowful mother! intercede for our separated brethren, that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the Supreme Shepherd, the Vicar of thy son. Pray for us all, dear mother, that by faith fruitful in gitod works we may all deserve to Bee and praise God, together w ith thee, in our heavenly home. Amen. Mr. Gladstone is a believer in the theory that a man can do better mental work every year to extreme old age if be takes care of his body. He claims that the mind grows stronger and clearer as the body loses vitality, and that it is only 'disease of the latter that can prevent an in- 1 tellectual progress that will go on to ' thn end. He is certainly a good illus tration of his working theory. O'Donovan Rossa's lecturing tour in Great Britain was a dismal failure. He found no audience, and his rather fantastic self-conceit baa been cruelly blighted. He is going home to tbe States, and he confesses him self amazed at ' the change in public feeling.' I Tbe best variety and latett novelties in 1 Books and Stationery at the Burrow* News Office. 