STALES M0.:sketches. P MRS. SPENDER'S ART EDUCATION. \i Br tub Author of '.""An Austr'amah 'GihV: "The Silekt Sea, &o.; ; ' , | : CHA1TER I. i ' li ! A lubduedjisuimlsin wniild full on MrabSperi-' d«r from time to time, which made ' tier speak slightingly of the joye of thin world and rendered \- hor sceptical as to tho existence of any other. Atthe Bame lime thero wee a deep strain of . hopeful egotism in her nature which mado' her fall an easy prey to illusions. ' She was in foot of that not uncommon type among women who. are more frequently imposed upon liy their own temperament than by any outaide influence. But in the end Mrs. Spender inrariabiy die- corered the olay feet of her idols; and it wbb chiefly daring these periods of disillusionment ; that her resentment at the vanity of all things became so pronounced. . "It is quite true, nothing happens to na as we pictured it, nothing that we dared hope is quite realised," she would say at auoh times. If she gave utterance to a sentiment of this kind in the' prcsenco of her husband he would smile in a tolerant way and say, "My dear, you forget Heloise." ; "Ah, Heloise. Yrs, in some ways the dear child exceeds -my fondest expectations," Mrs. : Spsnder would rsply with a change of countenance whioh showed that' the reflootion brought balm to her wounded sensibilities. For ' if tiicre wore one article of belief to which she oluiig with an unfaltering faith it wae that she was beloved by her only child with a devotion denied to ordinary mothers. Her noarest relations with that eagerness to , upset the idols of another whioh is ono of tho harms of family life would point out little traits from time to time in Holoisc that wcro. slightly inconsistent with her mother's theory. "It is with difficulty I oan get Heloise to, ; write to you— but to day she lias bogged mo to let bar ask you to stay another week with her consins," one sister would writs when Mrs. , Spender's daughter was on a visit at her house., "1 hardly understand what you mean by-tho devotion of your girl," another would say. "My . girls, I know, get more and more davoted to other poople as they grow older." . : To ail such attempts at weakening the 'faith that was in her, Mrs. Spender would reply with, . a phtoid 'littlo smile, 'more -eloquent: than ' Words. \- "They do not understand our girl ; indeed,. how (houltl they ?" she would say in the eonfl- ; deoee of a oonjugal Ule-ii-tcte. - «/ v "So you -think there ie so vory muoh in Heloise to understand V— out of the usual courio Imsan," Mr. Spender would say, refleotlvely. ' Possessing a oompotenoy on whioh lie had re-. tired from aolive life at a comparatively early \- ' age, ha had fallen into the habit of taking hie'' wifo'e iilioeynoraaiss more seriously than might have otherwise been the case. Knowing that \- the day would come when tile veil must be torn, .r. from bur eyes as to -Heloise's overwhelming 'der. \- votion, he would from time to timo throw out. \- hints of the nature Indicated, - with the design, of making Hie inovitablt reaotion loss painful., It was not, however, until her (laughter's mar- siege nt tho early age of 18 that Mrs. Spender finally relinquished her maternal illuiiouv- , - Tho wedding breakfast wae over' and the bride was in her going away dress. She was, alone with her mother, and aried a little, but her tears were quite reasonable in their flow . end far from unbiooming. 1 > i„ "Boar up, my darling; do not give way, too. much," said Mrs. Spender soothingly. 'Then, with an nrob smile, "I hare a delightful »ur- ; prise for you, Uoloiar. I kept it s seoret bo that it might sustain yon when the worst came. I -.am coming to see you at Wodehouie in thro. . days 1 " l'be bride dried her eyes quickly and' Btarsd at h«r mother without speaking. "Ah! dearie, I knew this piece- of' news would staneh your tears," murmured the mother > fondly, "I won't toll you the train by which! !. come, but there I shall be on Friday next.".' "But, mother— — " . i j "'Ho, no, Hcloiee ; no remonstrances. Remcm- . ber that the sacrifices of a mother aro easy to me." ,."Only— It is so unusual." "Yes; but how muoh more unusual- the tenderness of the bond that unites ue,mypst? Oh, never dream that I shell quail " >> "But Albert might," broko in. tho bride a little dosperateiy. "Dearie, Albert must always bo a secondary consideration to me. It is ofouT think, itls you I am anxious to oonsple?!, f "Mother, I am coriiiulityAjDon teo|j,?l\> : fell the truth, iUboVtW often eaid4lmft you never left us 10 ipluutei alpnp./and l\ath < sure he would be V<V(efl ifyArtea'inri.sdiitoon/V "Vexed if I tame so-' hbbV,'" «aid,-Mw/ Spender, slowly. VV'AnjL.my little Heloisey onljr daughter, woulaxfieo(vexdjtoq.?'i'.- " A little? Oh, Heloise " But, mamma, ail mothers part from their daughters when they marry. And you know you are very aoon going to Europe in any case, and we oannot see oach other then for many a long day," said the bride with that practical \- appoal to foots often oharaoturistio of girls wboso mothers are ovor imaginative. On the afternoon of tho next day Mrs. Spender sat in her favorite hay window witli a book in hor lap, leaning back with a weary dis engaged air and traces of tears on hor faoo, when ber husband came in with the half gloomy expression of a man who baa resigned his only daughter for better or worse to tho ears of another. " Tho house seems lonely without Hoioise. I am glad we ara to start on our trip so soon," he said, briskly. ' . "I havo just iioeu coming to a great deoisiou on- that point, John," said his wife, gravely. ." It ls not a'trlp I want at all— a hurried visit, in' whioh the .chief' points of oontaot are the shop' windows and the sanations of tho hotel- keepors — the very thought is odious. Now that there ia so littlo to bind me to this oouutry 'Mrs. Spender choked and hold her hundkor- ohief to her eyes. "" \- " My dear, I ara afraid you are fretting, and tliero really la no reason why you should," said Mr. Spender, with ' the unoomfortablo air of a man who dr.sds'a scene. "Fretting I Oil no, one frets over a- spoiled tiroes, or a faiiuro of a dinner party. ' But when the , fondest' dream of a lifetime is nipped in the bud. ' For "itineteen years I have steadily reeistod the' whole 'bent of my being— — ' \- . " But you have dona some very pretty things in oils nnd water oalora . from time to- time," murmured'Mr. Spender, soothingly.' " Yes, pretty things, things that -aro the destruction not rani-art, ! ' have been bitterly eonsoious of this; but ! ' did: not grudge tho saorifioe as long as I believed- that! was India- gtnsable to Haloisb, 1 that life without me would o a barren waste." ''J' ( "But' yon would not' wish her ' to find'her new home a 'barren waste ' even without you," said Mr. Spender. '.«">«>' - ' , . !' Ah; how little you' understand the exigen- oics of a mother's heart," returned his wife, "but now I Beer that'during.half a' lifetime! have been tho dupo of my owh'fond'iinaginings. It is always thus wheti1 wo betray the first ideal of tho soul." But you oiiglit not; to' forget; Constanoe, tliat thh Amateur "Art' Sooiety awarded a first' prize - to your Tramp Beside a Billy bong," said Mr- Spender; 'anxious to give' a more oliecrful turn to- his' wife's thoughts. Past experience .enabled -'him ' tb rccogni.s in theae'plaintlve ex pressions the remorse that wonld in periods of disenchantment overtake her for having resigned her girlish dreams of famo in art for the mere commonplace destiny of a wife and motbsr. ".The.Ametcur Art: Society I". repeated Mrs. Spender,- - with a' mournful' -intonation. ("Amateur/: Ah; liow ironioally the word stamps these, feeble .flights of the untrained inielleot. Flowsrs without perfume, birds without flight." "I dou't-aee how-'tko oleverest painter. could stick the smell of violets into a picture, and surely your swallow's 'wings 'are 'always- long enough for anything," laid Mr. Spender in a tone of robust conviction. -Mrs. Spender shivered a little. There were times when 'literal people, including' hor hus band, mado her shiver. Before ahe oould make any rejoinder a .visitor- was ushered into the dtawingroom in the person of a Mrs.'Dipworth, who hail boon for some time one of Mrs. Spender's bosom friends. The two had many points of affiuity, Mre. Dipworth being noted for her ardor in -taking the future to her heart, aonfldent that it would yield all that the past had denied. - ... r ' " My dear poople, I knew you would be feel- inggrey to-day," she said, after theflrat greetings had besn.exohanged, " and so loams to tell you about my new apostolatc." .(.Mre. 1 Spender glsnoed involuntarily nt her friend's dress, remembsring that a short time before she had spoken with great enthusiasm of a somi-monastio ruio of lifo whioh imposed severe renuneiation of all the superfluities of feminine attire. . But Mrs. Dipworth's bounet — a oostiy moraal of lace with two rare humming birds (lyingoutofitin opposite directions— formed proof enough that tho new. sooioty was- not on this line. s " I chose the name," she continued, " be cause it ia so uncommon and expresaivo. It is really a woman's union for man's regeneration. My husband says that I mean men's abolition, but of, course that is nonsense," ""-You don't want toquite abolish him yet. He is very handy at looking after luggage and things of that sort," said Mr. Spender good humoreilly. ,"-But how do you propose : to re-' -generate him'l" r - " Of courso the work mint be gradual, but one of the first things I want to de-is to rouse women to onthusiaem tp act together," said Mrs. Dipworth eagerly. " I have brought the begin ning of an'address-to bei given at our first'-meet- ing --I will read it to you — and Mrs. Spendsr, :if there is anything that calls for' oritlolsm do let mo have the benefit of your opinion." i Mrs. .-Dipworth without'any further preamble raised her voice and began to read : — i-, ."..There is an old world story of an enobanted maiden .who ,\vas oondomned.-to work in silence and solituflo until a certain task was nccom- .plished.'.,: This; task-was twelvo-flne shirts, and she, was to sew only one stitoh in a year." -. 11 1 suppose it would bo unnecessary to - men tion, that, tills was: before the "era of sewing machines,!' said Mr. Spender. ' J'liere is a deep »ymbol in this legend- for ns women,'.' oontlnued the leoturess; withont-paus' iog . to anawor tho observation. . " During the .nonage of onr .sex, while we bad no onmmon aim or, bond of , union, we wasted our lives in objeote whose l utelesineBS'-. was often more pathetio than that of the enchanted girl in this story. Ah far as seriously iuiluonoing tile world wont- wo were little better than ghosts who wandered without the shelter of a tomb.". "But suroly that it, the only knowm plan on whioh a ghost oan exist," remonstrated Mr. Spender. . . ' . , . V Still, as a simile, don't you- think it might stand i" said. Mrs.-Dipworth. - -"Of course, it is a very impressive compari. son," rejoined Mis. Spender.; "John is so very literal" "But, now," oontlnued the leoiitreas, oheorcd by this assnranoe, ''that wo womeD htre the glow on our faoes and on our lives of a new out. look. on the.- universe, a ohauge hasoome ovor the sosne. . Nuw wo begin to feel our strength, and we are learning to use it— learning to make the laws of . our country instead of sewing frivolous heads on usole.is mats, Thero will not be wanting those who say that we ara bettor adapted' for the Inst rather than for the pro found duties of oitlzenship. Ah, '.my sisters, let us not ho beguiled— let ua not bo imposed upon. Having' oseiiped the harenis of tho Orient, let us not be put under look and key in tho glass houses of tho Oooident," "That is'as fab as I have got," said Mrs. Dip. worth; her faee .beaming with the enthusiaein evoked by her own eloqueiioe. " Now, Con. stance, toll me candidly how you think that will do for a beginning!" So entbusiastiu was Mrs, Spender's answer that hor friend beggod her to put off her pro jected visit to distant countries In ordtr to take an active part in the new npnstolute. "Yon know, Constanoe," she urged, " one oan always take a trip to Europe, but it is only onoe in a lifstimo that one cau help to make bietory— and that is.wliat we enfranchised women 'ate going to do in New Blnoinibury." / "My dear. Claire, it ie Impossible," returned Mrs. Spender gravely. "Muoh an I should.like to make histoiy, I yearn to make pictures still more. I havo frittered away too many years already. But I believe it is not yet too late to repair the error. Juat lisfore you cnme'ln John and I had deoided on living in tho art aentrsB of Europe for an indefinite period." Mr. Spender looked a little startled at this announcement. ' " Really, my dear," he said, when Mrs. Dipworth had taken hor departure, "youoame to that dooision very muoh alono; and don't you think it is rather raaii to make auoh a big plan beesuse you art'feeling rather low spirited to-day t" , But Mrs. Spender' rejeoted tbie view of tho situation with convincing eloquence. Her reso lution wee the outoome of all her pantoxperb enoa rather than a audden impulse. Ono objeot nt'tor another had failed li'er. Now eho would cease to lean on others so muoh and try to mnko a aaroor for horself. And tho first step towards that objeot would bo to give herself an adequato oduoation in art ae far ae that lay iu her power. - " And after all, John," said Mre. Spender in conolusion, "you will have quito ae good a time abroad as in .New Bloomsbury ; in fact, bettor, for you oan use your kodak perpotualiy without converting our friends into fmplacalilo onemies." I'-' '"' ;' Chapter II. Whatev'or ohangce the foroosof evolution may effoat in human naturo during the ages yet un born, it ia certain that men and women neat present Constituted, oannot stand being repre sented plainer than nature has made them with any feelings of equanimity. Moro especially is this the base with parents. No mother and few fathers oan regard a man with other than feelings of dire animosity, who deplots a beloved child, with a squint in its soulful eyes, or ' a month from ear to ear. There was, therefore, some truth in Mrs. Spender's assertion that her husband while abroad would be able to me his kodak with less dama'go' to' ; his social environment than when among friends and rolativos. But though his snap shots during the first months in Italy supplied Mr. Spender with an amusement that had no disastrous oon'scquonoes, there eame a daywhcii the 'instrument somewhat palled on him. When this happened he began to grumble at the extent to whioh her art. education absorbed his wife's' time. I doult mlnd.ypur being.buried in books or ruins for part of 'the day," lie said, " but when it oomee to .morning, noon and night— well it ia rather too muah'of a gond thing ! ' _ " Butyou see, John, thero are ao many subjeets that one 'dil'glit' to'luiow" in' -' order to understand the" fine" aft-.-' hiatory, autiquity, . myth. ology-— " ."But even if yon learned all that I don't bslievo you' could tell the Muses, tho Graces, the Furies'' and the 'Hours oiie from the othor when they sprawl all over the oeiiings without a' stltoh to their- baoks," replied Mr.- Spender despondently. "The' Saints now," he added, "are easier to make'out. St, Anthony always has a pig; St. Marlt a pen, St. Sebastian, too, is usually stuck all over witli arrows, just as if he wore a pin buelilon." - "Really, John, "whan you apeak in that oallous way you make me think liow very muoh thie adorable country ie thrown away upon you," said Mre. Speuder, in a pained voico. But ' if the : old: maeteia and magnifioent ohurohes, the- orumbiiiig ruine nnd superbly decorated palaces failed to make a duo impres sion on Mr. Spender,, it must be allowed that his wife's enthusiasm'' was quite enough for any two able-bodied individuals. " Oil, those lovely ooiumns of Oriental ala baster I saw to-day !" she would any in a voice faint with exbosa of admiration. And when it wail not Oriental alabaster it was a radiant mosnio; a glbwing'freseo or illuminated missals, carved ohoir atallsEtrusoan' vases or bas-reliefs in precious marble. r As long as his wife's admiration was confined to objects of art and antiquity, Mr. Speuder made shift to possets his soul in patienoe. But when shortly after ooming to Romo early in the spriag' that followed their arrival in Italy, she began to expend lavish adjectives of praise an a certain Signor Rettollo, an artist from whom she took lesaoni in lftnusoape painting, thsn gradu ally John Spender's heart waxed wroth within him'. Signor' Rettello was by way of bsing an im pressionist of the most aggressive soliool His audboiona' blubs and greens, "Ids violent- motives and purplea-wete at-oace the joy of ' his ptijiiis and a soiiroe of unholy mirth to unbelievers. Hie. disciples maintained that ho possessed a msgieal "'faoUlty- for interpreting 'nature, thoso:-.wbo:"''icbffed" said for - maligning bar.- TheAnglb-AmSrioau pcnsionnnircs at the Hotel 'Europe on the' Piazza di Spagna, whore the'Spende'rs put bp; 'we'ro sharply divided into these two rival Camps. Prominent among Signor Rsttello'e" adherents woro tile Misses Peeloy,- American ladits,' who regarded the signor with that- 'exalted and Unoritioal a flection so often aoobfded by 'middle aged women to a pet', doctor, preaolicrCr pr'ofrBsbr.- It was the Missss'Peeley who introduced -Mrs. Spender to their favorite artist, and in a very short time she shared all their enthusiasm' for him with an ootave' added on her own ncami'nt. During the 'fine Roman spring when' the violbts were plentiful as woods and the white hyacitfths filled the squares with perfume, these three ladies might ooiistantly be seen in the more pioturasquo haunta of the eternal aity, on camp stools 'under wide whits umhrellaB sketch ing for dear lifo under the supervision of their vivaciously 'gcRtioiilaling muster. Near the tomb of Ceailia Metella they sketohed the views aorosa - the Oaninagua with lines of ruined aqueduots ; at tho villa AVolkoniky they limned the All'an Hills with Monte Cavo towering up 3000 feet, Frasoatl and Marino clustering at the foot ; they mado pictures of the great bulk of Sornote ae seen from the terrocaa of the Pampilii Doris palace ;- and from every point of visw they pointed the swelling dome of St. Peter's, tho tower of the Capitol, aud the front of St. John Lateran. On theee performnnoes were lavished, -hot only Signor Rettello's most dramatio effeots of light and shede, but also his fervent admiration for the gifte displayed by his pupils. Mr. Spender, ' however, so far from being impressed by- hie wife's artietio progress, obstinatoly maintained that her earlier aohlove- mcn is were far moro admirable. "What Is that great round splash In the middle of your piatuie, Oonutanco?"lis said one day, when on coming into their private sitting- room ho found his wife adjusting one of her latest sketches on an eniel "Is it;pb»sib!8 that you do not recognise the dome of St: Peter's!" naked Mrs. Spender in tonei of aoutc astonishment. "Is that what it's moant for?" returned Mr. Spender in a voico of equal amazement. " Well to ma it looks far mora like a big violet cnbbago —one of the curly kind' that they piokle, you know." "Really, John, you-' should seo an ooulist about your eyes, they must be hopelessly out of foous," said Mrs. Spender flushing with vexa tion. . . - - " Nonsense, my dear. My oyos wore never better. It ia that mastor you have who ie spoil ing your- taste,-.; You .never do anything now half, as -nice as your Australian pictures, those protty littlo things with aoow on a bridge, and a inoon or steopia in the distance." "Poor, dear John," said Mrs. Spender, beginning to laugh. "Aro you pining for the aows of vague anatomy that used to delight the amateurs of Now Bloomsbury ?" ' " Amateurs or not; their work is a jolly sight bettor thanBome of the things this fellow does," aid Mr. Spender, stolidly standing ns he spoke before a fiery landscape of th Oampagna at sun set by Signor Rettcilo, whioh ocoupied a plaoo of honor in the centre of tha overmantol; "To pretend that a staring Yiolot is ths color of grass in tha sbado!". .- "If you havenoeya or soul for works of genius, John, you ought gt least. to refrain from harrow ing those who kuow bettor wltii your ignofahoe," said Mrs. Spondor, keoping down hor rising emotion with an effort. ' "Works ot ganius I" eohoed her husband, sur veying tho iinprcssioniat landacapo with nn unkindly smile. "Why, it looks as if the man had fallen backward on a palette daubed with Btsring oolors, and then sat down on this bit of oanvns." " You aro just like a man who has no nose arrogantly doolaring that n stephanotis smells like garlic," cried Mrs. Spender, hor voioe un- steady with wrath. In foot, so high did words riso betwoen tho two on tills oooasion that Mr. Spender finally hurried away to the billiard hat), whioh was in a distant wing of tho hotel, slamming tho dnor of Ids wife's room after him In a way that sesmed to denoto it would bo Ioug before he returned. Mrs. Speuder was not, however, In a mood to regret this. She had a full programmo for the afternoon. In tha first piece she momentarily expooted the arrival of the weekly msil front Australia. At 3 Signor Roiteilo was oon.ing to give hor a lesson in perspsotive, and nt 4 the Mines Pteley would join tliein for afternoon tea. This was to bo followed by a drive in tho Borghcie Gardrns and a visit to a studio nenr tho I'inoio. Snob varied interests might well compensate a reasonable woman for tha pro- longed absence of a husband who had taken sncli pains to prove that in the province of art ho was an litter Philistine. ' But as a matter of fact, Mr. Spender had not been gone more than twenty miuutes, when ho returned with the hurried steps and presngeful air of a man who has bson favorsd with some important pfvov of nows. "I have just been told somothing, Constance, whioh you ought to hear without delay;" he said as he entered tho room. "You know Mr, Silas P. Hiram, of Chicago? " "Who mado his fortune in pork sausages, and buys copies thst have been smoked up a oltimney for old mastors— what about him?" said Mrs. Spender, ooidly. "Just this, that he was told on the best authority an hour ago that your Signor Rottello was Iinplloated in a ease of brigandngo soma years ago in Sioily. He took aome peoplo out sketching, anil they were oarriod oil by brigands, wlio kept tbem until a ransom was paid. It was found that lUttello was in' collusion with them, only it could ' not be- proved and so ho escaped. Mr. Hiram agreed with mo that you and' the other ledics who patroniso Rettello ought to know, and so I eame to tell you pt onco." " I am surprised at your ohildiiko simpiioity, John," said Mrs. Spender, her eye sparkling with anger. "Everyone knows thero never was suah another city in the world as Rome is for libels. If you believe what people like the Hit ems gather up from the gossip of tha' place' you will Und.theM jSiPet a.Soul ill it who has 'a shred offl.riaWpTrojH&tL; Oollcgs of Car- d iiinle'doWh wards. " "But ifiauTgoisim" returned Mr. Spcndqr, vehemently, a jdformqtt&nj; oapable of proof\vCAgd, indeed; 'to myhmipd tho man's appears ilea', '-quite . confirms, ;tW story. He always R»o|AAifi(.hp qaWiedVptrftple of daggers next his " Of course Signor Rettello does not look iiko a retired pork butohsr or a broker," retorted Mrs. Spender, "there ib too much Southern intensity in hia faoe for that." " ". " Then do you mean to say you are not going to take any notice of this ohnrgo ?" . ; " No, I am not. The oharge ns you onil it is not half so serious as saying that Signor Rettello js no artist. And you know MrJ Silss'P.' Hiram and his numerous family havo all been repeat ing that at least thrso times a day. for ths past five weeks. If thiiy are going to give tip tbo old fable for a new one,! 'wbiider'tlisy doti't. invent something mora lurid and originhli"'1''- 1 "And so you meitn to oontihue o'ti friondly terms with an ex-brigand from Sioily ?" siiid;Mr.. Spenilor hotly. ; O ' ' i; "John, for heaven's sake', '-"don't '.make ! a laughiugstook of yourself— at you'r age'!" ' I " Yes — I am 51— I am gotting stout; and havej long been bald,, and tliore was "never any. 'southern Intensity in- my face.' 'No;do'ubt I out h sorry figure hssido' a yoiing 'man1 with a shook of raven ottrls and is' obmleXlori ' like a; hlaok eye a day old. A man, too,' who gov tip being a brigand on the mountains to booome a lady's man in Rome !" ; J With 'this Parthian arrow Mr. Spender -took his dopartiirs, muoh in ths same manntr as he had gone away bsfore. " ; , ' . Chapter III. ... A few-minutes after Mr. Spender's departure' the Australian mail was. delivered to hislwif. Among the letters- addressed to her there was a bulky- ono from her friend, Mrs. Dipworth.' The first pat t of this epistle was written: in one of those piloses of. disoourageraeut thatrsome- timet overtake tho reformers of the human species. -The Apoatoiuto nfter less than a year of ohequered exlstenoe had gradually but surely melted out of life. ' " It ia no uso trying to mako politioians out of womon," wrote Mrs, Dipworth. "They are too troaoherouH, and in reality like the mennost sortof man better than the noblestkinct of woman, .. . Iam not sure after all - tire Oriental ideal ia not better for our sex. To-oiumt our beads in svoltision and enumerate tho 99 attri butes of ths Deity must be so muoh. moro sooth ing than to spend one- self in trying to make silk pnrsss of sows' ears, nnd bo defeated in the end." " But after a little more in this strain the writer explained how her' dearest Constanoe'a example in finding so muoh joy in the study of art had led hor to turn her thoughts in the same direction. She had furnished her boudoir in an entirely new fashion, banishing every ertielo, nu matter how expensive, that wns not in some sort of way beautiful, and n joy for ever. Even the fine oopy of Guido'e Oruoifixlon, with the vague landscape and savage sky for a background, had been- put into a spare room. And now, in pinoo of it, she wanted an original picture, if possible, of the fifteenth century— a madonna or a holy family, or somothing of that kind — with nothing trngio.il. She enelosod a draft for £500 for the purchase of Buoh a pio tiire, knowing that her dearest Constanoe would not grudgo the trouble of scouring tho heat master that was proourablo for so modest a num. It - was part of a legaoy that had been left entirely at her own disposal. What a oomfort it was to bo able to ley one's hands on money in thie way without - having to ask permission from any prosaic man, who was usually us im pervious to the-needs of the highor imagination as a Zulu or a healthy emu. Mrs. Spender was still engngod In rtnding tills letter when Signor Rettello was announced. The signor was tall nnd slight, with a graceful oarriago, largo restless hiaak eyes, crisply ourly hair und a heavy hlaok mouBtn'ohu that ontirely hid his month. This probably was an advan tage. But though one versed in reading the human countenance might have deiooted tell tale lines and oontours in the eignor's faoo, he was "undoubtedly handsome, and had the courtly hoarlng and velvety manners that oomo so easily to his race. Mrs. Spender, who had from the first regarded him in the light of a genius, and a fitting hero for the pages of some oharmed romance, felt her nngsr kindle anew at the thought of the oalumniee her husband had so fool|shly repeated. But she at least' would provo how entire her coufidenoo was in Signor Rottello, and how iiui. tale, of svll tongues ! "lle iWK ' You have aome at tho rl„u fUSlli said as .ho gavo him her bof„ Un?,mflll!« smile. » You are the very one I b, S ' 6'>tpij5h hast hoip ma to oarry out the wiah "hjSSw friend of mine." ' "" W,9h« «! With that she read to him lb ., .- vroB0t letter that related to the purchnsJ nVr«n»|1 painting. Th, ,iR110t.a "»«« of listened. "Would it be gcntiiuo old master, say of thi 15 f HMll the sum named?" asked Mrs. Su.nj finished rending. "Ten thousand lire," reneaie.l n IBB' slowly. "But yea, ono osn 00 L, »8Bii I hnv. the belief that I know of 1,w moment-a beautiful ploturo-A V « 0"®®' But we must ho careful, ntuat " keep-how you any it— in oonoMln, \l Tho signor's English, tl.oughat tkn» Jffl1 trio and often involved, flnontp as ho had London, whero he had, »a |,e uied, ''"US1 opportunity of studying th. atmn." b..i. of on eternal fog while be taught Italian in various sshools. KmB "In ooncsalment," iciicatiil St., o, littlo mystified, and then tbs »iEn'or .S that the pioture in quee.ion bclo,e,,l ,0P 'Sm marohese who had been ruined by , u,llH suit, and robbed of almost all she the beir-at-law— her Into hu.hsnd'i 31 Nothing was left to h.r but tbo barest Sill an old villa and a few valuable hel,£&a; among them the Botticoili. " A Botticoili ! " niurmursil Mrs ocstatioally. At the word she felt hemirsM envoloped m an ortiatio onerolo iu (.."-TOM moons of introducing so prcclou, „ ctR1 ,Wm into Naw Bloomsbury. But would '« 's for tiie purohaso of such a treasure? nB " Yes ; beoause tho marchess hoi aotSHnS power to bring her into tils oni„ .aBBi answered tile signor eagerly. " The — is near to the lock of bread, and the r'-r8M! is Iter own. Yet she must not sell h« I SBBM signora, it is a world in which justice muitofiSS hide her hsad. And that is wliy wo muitdgHH affair in eunocaltnenf. If tbs n.nb.» -.MB smell of tho matter all would— how do voufln it— go up?" ' m| 'The signor want an to explain thitH inability to sail tha pictute openly wu diSH some flaw in a will framed in the list ceataHl but if due scereoy were observed the thing e>lmS ba done.- And still anothor tenson for cagSH was that the Government might prevent any old master from leaving H eountry. Only he muHt first see ths imrclfflfl and get her consent to revest Iter name smlilH denes and appoint a dny on which sbe nouldflH the signor, &o.; Bon To all this Mrs. Spendsr ongerly fliicilHK adding that - hot a living sunl stofflH bo taken into her confidenoe in the inaufiH Even when the pioture was conveyed to HHj rooms, no word should cseaps Iier as to stiflHj it cams or who bad been instrumental isflffi purchase. 8HM " A Holy Family. One of Botticelli's" MUSK Spender's heart beat high with proud anticiflHB tionasshe repeated tbs words half olottd tflB days later, while awaiting a visit from £i;u9 Rettello.- Sbo had rsosived a note from Idm tSHl morning_to say that ha bad rsturned lioitiBg visit : to his old friend, and would bi it9H to give her full particulars at four o'clock tnjH afternoon. The hour had btrnly struck vhflH ha mado - his appearance. But his brow dH oioudad, his manucr.grav to solomnily. TUB was the atory he had to toll. Ifohail come IhBM morning from his old friend the Marclins jmu Spngnolo; : Har villa was uot fur from ton Alban Hills, less than twenty minutes' joutnJM from Rome by train. Yes, aha would sell (Hi Botticelli for 10,000 lire; but sho mods onoconSH tiou,( tbat-tha English signora would tmuHH her house and bIiow her the money. Thto i|H would be aura that it was 110 ens in tbs of. her wiokrd nephew,. who had bsforo thinoflH BOTnany.Btratsgems to get the picture swsyfreHB liar. In short the poor old lady had lufloicijH muoh persecution that she was almost a "mtMH "with fear and: auspioion. HB 'i "But .loan- do aa sho wishos, thst will HB easy.enough;" said Mrs. Spendsr readily. CgW this- the signor's brovr cleared. lis hid btaW o muoh .voxod by the ntarcbeis's dtmiflH that he - hail almost dsolinrd to Hog any -farther- steps in ths mstisr. BS| as tha .-signora was good snnugh to go and the.marohssa and show her tbs money siHB guarantee of good faith, all would be well SaH was to leave next morning by sn early train tn SH want, to -Alliauo, and alight at tbs UismcmH -Junotion. -There a man would bo ia wsibHH witlta earriago to take her to tliemniohcre, wnofiM villa was . lass than two miles distant. 1WH money- of courso was not to In paid until IwM pioture waa delivered in Rome, and subjected IM the examination of any axperts that tbongnotOB would name. H , I know of no expert whom I would Iru'jHH dntiroiy as yourself, signor," anewered tltOH Spender graciously. Upon this Ike bout low, nnd prsesed his ooot hlaok mouilstH on. tho book of her right hand, with tbs awe H knight who had stepped attaigkt out ol IIM middlo ages. An not of liomsgo that gaie M jBk Spender a delightful son.ation of plij»l W part.in some courtly, pageant fat removed w the ovorwlialuingpros, of bourgeois life. g \- Oiiapter IV. H She had muoh the samo feeling when ik' PM into tba ' train that left for Alhano " . SB on tho ; following morning. I f , M to spond part of tlis day with on old fri livos not far from Albauo, »ht had said ! husband, on the evening boforv. s oomm«n _ JB whioh ho received iu silence, with tbo H pression that he had struggled to rnalnlo ' « <« slnos the little matrimonial duel that h H plaoo wlien ho reported ufloatjregarding Signor Ilettellu a ante No furthsr convervntioii had mkoii P ,W tween ths two on this subjeot, and >«i ' on any other. Mr. Spender had n. tl 0 passed most of his timo at tho hngh.l the billiard and news room of tliu IIote1,' jeB Mrs. Spendsr on her part was so stro»t y jdnatd of her husbands folly audji " " ,. ,tJ| hoi- mind whs quite stssied op"'''" , ihstfi overtures towards restoring ti t lisrn J H hitherto hntl habitually marked thotr | """"vhen John says lhal h« '' '"Igloos' Si nny notioo of Silas P. Hiroin « soso u I will forgivo him, hut not till the: n, said to herself more than "c®bi dirsctiooii howsvor, mad no overtures in tn and now Mrs. Spendor was in 'bo jj(j| Romo and the wide -Oampagna b.hind.J j on t Olnmpino with tonj»it!» l'" J . ,|„ ,|el eaolt for 1000 lire, folded up tightly i« b gant silver ola.ped portoinonna ', greater saf.ty she carr led in t,Vinji Yes, it had quit, the air of «"«dnbur olll such a sum to be counted ov" .y. nDoienl | fear liaunted marohese, who men in ,|1 villa and had been ruined by a wlokeu > la7n about eiglit.cn minutes she "''s'fyieit j Oiampino Junotion. Thero a y01'. " g.,onder 1 was in waiting, wheat nnct i led naturdy, little, old fn«hionoil __ cfl I drawn by two wiry ponies. MW t|„ttoo" a sharp trot over an old post t B|nJ- 1 crossed the anaiont Via APP"1' OOIODinndto( Ing along, shaded by elm trees, oonm mPTZ of the Campagna, with tlio Spiels H of Rome Mending out in v.yld H&,ni Sit f tlio great desolate plain. ?vr « « mul!l1 c?Sro""d by tb H>,,kri«r<nmd that for sotilo time it mU»o ..her that two miles ohoulil bo i(Vf"V quarter of an hour or >o the ponies travelled.- When Bn'"', looked at her watoh she found ill1"' ' , ilirco-quartore of en hour siuoe B#«" ff r. fiiiroiiiuo. Startled by her die. I"® il »<ked the coeohnian whether the Htftf' f mftiiihcflR waa naar at hand. He W u1 1 hfjd with a einilo and pointed with Hjlcckhlt t" dil„n0o. They were now nklrt- lehlpto tb f the Alban Hilln, winding. |tl f' J j ravines and the .way -becoming il Sio'c lonesome. 'They passed, a. herds- 8#® 7b. rosd, a long guiding pole over lua B?N!!f folIowiiiR some great dove colored oxen, |r|1f ' , |o.iqoil ea their own. "The impulse BitePf" ?, s|1Ciider to get out of the carnage. I'l'iktiii'111"" " he knsw anything -off. tile, aid '"'."villi, jjut the ooaohmnni whipped . . into a canter and ahor;rotnaiucd. jj tiriti lluu ... ,.5 1, IStoojsihls for her, - however, otoimake; 8\. f .lnv longer that ehewssnot alarmed.,. I« "111 being driren alio know. not. whither, .by.. I likDOim «'»" ilh a large-sum iofamoneyl in. i"„ ,,ion!If she had only asked. tJolin' to; |,er | The toars' welled up toi.her I CiftXy'emergcd froma -picturesque . It.5 .1(0 loll of rooks and trees, .the coaohman, |B .,d "0 a large turret., i-building, cmtho, r'eitola apui of the hills, surrounded by "® of cvprostes nml umbrella pines;, saying &.maroli..a's Villa; . , fciliiiM". Spender began to feel a little I Liiiured. Certainly thero was .a', atrange die- oiriDcy between ihe signor'n. atalonieiit and Mil distance of tho house from Glainpino ; K wore so seldom arithmelioal, "pitiillj when they ipoko in a foreign 'ftteunligs passed through a olnqno-oento oiiufi which in cuinmnn with tho wall, built ;j.„t blocks of paperino, looked very aneient liiatgireird. 'J lie drive that led.to the-house niioefid in with large AoaoiasOand 1 Judas B Wit, "i" , i" - — Hjiuti of many years, so that the nurses and Be'iiif went n in ghostly sllenoe/'. An itn- lriiiir»ble hedge of Spina !Oiirinti,vwi Id.", rosea Buitiitui shut off the ground behind ' the Bwdiet- Two massive old marble lions Rpird'd the steps that lad to -tlio door. Bj'd a dog harked, not a-., sound a .was liiiid, sot a cieatura moved 1 as the Icitbmin descended from the; 'box 1 seat. I fine vai a heavy .bronze knoaker half buried | b tobvtbi, and a bell pull eaten . Willi rust. I fit coachman did not touob'aitber, but bsat on 1 Ut door with tho handle of his whip. . I ,i Ilia Spender waited in the carriage, .looking I >ih frightened eyes from tlio'duor to the- grim I ii lions Their chipped and weather : beaten I k» itemed to wear, a look of . sardonic amuse. I cut It was aa if in their declining yearn they linked the development of . some, ironical Linns that appraltd 10 thoirimarblosenso of Itaor. The coeolimau bcat>. loudly, a second l.tri before the door was opened. When at last Itiiowly rolled hick an obi. woman Itood there; I till, nern, lirown and wrinkled, as. one of Idlicbiel Angela's Fates.:: .As if to complete the I'bhiiiiber head was bound ili a dark oolored H imiuercliief, thai, completely covered her hair. H ike ike had apokon to the coaaliman. the H.hnu came to the side of the. carriage,- say- 9 ."The marcheia awnits you, elgnora." S : Ml!. Spender dismounted, and nsaouded the biudaiublc steps withes confident an- air as B ibeconlj a-eume. But wlieu she found herself B bill and heard the pondcroue door olose ba rn lied bir with a heavy thud her heart withlu her fl vuae water spilled on the ground.' - H "Mi siatej, eigaora," said tho old woman in I poll roice, pushing a heavy oarved chair Imioi tbe vieiior. Instantly 'afterwards she 9 diuppeiied through a side door. As Mrs. h cpuilri) eyes grew sooustoroed to the gloom 111 uv that ahe was in an old baronial hall,' B toly lighted by latge windowe at tha fur- H uir end, which opened on a loggia now 8 | -f hy ivy that grow over it in unchecked 9 L"""?ct' 'd'he walls wore covered with old tloiemmo tapestry, falling to pieaes, and hung a ui a1"' 'd lultl f armor. Opposito i , r.u,J,slle"der noticed a ouirasa aud breast a Kite i's Oficonth csntury aliasing. After all, r B'llonjht, this is the sort of old villa In whioh I heirlooms are ofton kept. As this I 'l't<j'»rd her mind tbe old woman earn I It 1 had diispi'fej'to j'am8 d0t thr0UBh wUio1' I 1,„C!'8 m!'' '' Iu please, slgnora, what you I luiroffdSpi0' th mroll<:,,'i" "h ''d in, I ilo'LIhiin„Tly f "l!0W b,ean 'hi, . Spender, I WiehiDg her hand bag tighter, ... . I ; wr.t'i'i10 'd,wo'r'an with ono hand oauglit her I nnlbls. k""1!'' nod with the other I Kiiws 1 b"B faruihly, and then with- -Pn Relu ,u,rr out of the hall, leaving. 1 tauTn 1/ ?W "ni1 fnint terror, her lips ,K ,fbout,to : sateatih' But uo .ound riecmthu «r /"IT" some minutes ahe-waa I " Coherent eli , f ll8 or '"nve'hent. The first I was that passedthrongh her brain: l"' ,h? ''d besn lured "to' this desolate I Ibio m„„i ' y 'Put t0 be Ira' robbed and I Ah. if she could only say ihtierknnw i!i .'i 1' Perhaps :lie, would B . .would t,riw.h"t '""I'y hsoanie .of lior.- . Tlisy B hsblv Qiulfi, « r budy i,,0ur# ,l,ot- Pro-; I kimorn. t f1" K' eat J udau . trees whose | drifc, of vTltf 1 i'e I'"rl,le '."liowsrs .011 , the I I t«Wd fo? y rr.d ; luaV«s that ., had . lain «ndi.- I hfrfbu%o' "lde. door,:wai.;opened, ind .the H ' Thl- 1- an "appeared, f f n . ' . . 8 tiiniloi .J. n""r. """s'yi sicnora./f she .aaid, I brought i nf"' Spen.dor. r'.VThe papers I ' B«id, and nn» |lla _ marohe-a.have. boen re- I ' h "ill hi bot£7i? ! yur fnture.iinoveinents. , I - 'eekor m H'st yqu should remain hero for - I : with th« polled?' makinB rala' I murinurl'ai": 'i® nmojB«..do not kiep me here,." I ' "wlate with sm?lionler 'V0i0# aIm0,t lDar" I lav J'|"8 n ''' bc, ap one horo hut yourself,, as I I oman, > 1 '/By,ningi"..oontinued.the, ' Ion it will h« " 8 W'U bo no one . to guard' till," "eeesspry to jeave you in a strong UU YJIr 6o" "',a® y®« i'aro , going;'ito kill mo, " I '?> 8x,J " hollow. whispor, ber "he b., ' b'B gwhntjwoman, fueling sure "It would li» "i"i 11 1""1 'n divgulee. "hi tlio rnn.m?.1'I'', a , fr-you„r adin!t," »'!! yon be Uisorvct r' you go ' tago," imnl' no,"''"g to -betray you, only lob- '"deed lnokinn' mn "i"' ' jSl,,nd,r' 'eeiing, : and A foW ,'"B' moro,dcad than alive. ' ','ly ilrawn bnnk ,r, ®tl8 hall, door, was j"" tile otena ami an. , "' Spender tottered '0 tvsit for a tin! "1 ito "'a oarringo. She "Unotion, "'l' tw, honrs at the Oiampino imtoro Si 14 wa' 'ul" uI,nn ' — ,he got out at the Rome-Naples railway station. . Tha first fBo, she saw on the platform was that, of Cells "tm01?- t0ne Silas, P. 's numerous daughters 1 his high voiced, vivaoious young woman seized upon Mrs. Spender at once, saying "tk here, Mrs. Spender, you must busiokenlnu with some sort of miorobe.. You look more lik« a broken fragment of nntiqnity tl n , Ve woman. I'll juit 0aU a eah nud we'll go home Naples"' The'v d 'l'lt ,e"i?8 "0,n# co»»'»» off to XHrtpiea. luay Koino In. four daya and a bit sides visiting all the American, oolony and buying n easeful of Roman mosaics, and tntagll aud sulphur oasts, and rosaries and things. tha tuV6r- ny'P.lh,y blly ul> th» '""W1 color of plaoe in bagfult They wantlo bring baok thnml l8 for.all ':tl10 People they know. , I toll ! l ! yi enough for all the American nation and some over for tho negroes.". . . M«»;H,ram .chattered .011 at tills rate 'until' att/ntlm.0 ' 10 ?tal Burope. Nor did .liar .She earned . Mrs. Spoudir off ;to- her own, room and made her, amne excellent; tea and settled her in an easy. 'Ohair.just at, the right angle, forobicrving the Spigna a"d . varied life of the Piazza di' ' ".And. it. was paopie, like tlieso I avoided be- oause .. they, .spoke disrcsprotfiilly of an ,"ex- .brigand,.. thought Mrs. Spender as she slowly '?'l>l'ed...;her:i ten. "Presently two other Miss Ilirsme same in. . ; , . , Why, we've just been .a lovely driva with Mr, Bpcnder,'.; said one of them., ' He told us y.o.tiibad.gono to spend, the, day, with a friend P"r'A1bano. I hope you had a good time." 0 - Is iny liushainl iu the hotel J" asked Mrs. Pender a pink flush rising in. her ofisoks. V ' 'f8!.' Miss. Hiram, said, "lie had just'eome, in.witlitliom." 1 mi'' ba muBt go," said Mrs. Spender,. rising, there is something I want to toll him. But 1 hope, you girle will como and soe me soon, voine. .aud drink tea with me to-moirow after noon at five." " Well," eaid Miss Oelia Hiram, after their .visitor was gone, ."I guess it must he good for some, people to get miorohes into their system. I never saw any, ono so liko a patient who had two pr.thrco livoly fatal illnes-vs cunoealed.upon her person aa Mrs. .Spender did this afternoon when Bhe got out of the train— and I'm sure I never aaw her 10 amiable." " I would hank on it tlmt she's heard Signor Rzttello has disappeared like a eomet," said one of the two who had come in. , "Oh yes, he's gone right enough," she continued, in answer to Oelia'e inquiries. " I saw a note be wroto to the Piiisohoffs this morning, to say he was sud denly called away to Palermo owing to his father's death. But I wouldn't mind betting a dollar that there's Something more than that in .the wind. Perhaps lie lias, aohauco of breaking two or three commandments, and has goue away to enjoy tha fiolic properly,".. "Or oise it- in; as Mr, Spender thought," sug gested ti e other sister. " You know wlion ho hoard Mary I'iniohoif toll, with tears in her eyes, how the signor was oallvd away so sud denly, Mi. Spender said, It's my .belief .one of Ills pupils naked liirn to contradict tho story about ills Sicilian brigandage,' and lie found it moro convenient to cut nnd run.' " . This wns in fnot the theory that forced itself on .Mr. Spender the moment he heard of the signer's h isty departure. " Constance is some times a littlo ob-tinatv," lie thought to himself, " but when she oainc to think it ovor she would see that I was in tho. right.. Then she asked Ui-ttello for an explanation, and bo could not brazen it- out. I dare aey.ehe knew this morn- ing.thnt.be was off— and so. she got out of the .way for the day. After all, I generally know how to get round Constance whan it comes to anything of a Koriaus nature." Mr. SpenderV bosom swelled with a sense of marital triumph as these thoughts passed through his mind. But he resolved that so far from evincing any exultation b, cause of tho vlotory ho had indirectly scored, he would, as soon as bis wife returned, express his warm ap. pi-oval of tho firmuass and good sense. Bhe had exercised. . Accordingly the moment that Mrs. Spender entered her own .slttingrooin, after she lmd left the Hirams, there was bar hiiibaud ready to reerive her with open hi ins. "Ah, John, it has been so dreadful," she orird, bursting into tears as soon us she saw him. The reaction after the mingled emo tions of . the last few hours was tuo much for h'or. ... " My dear, let me congratulate you upon the prudence with which you have noted," said Mr. Spender, convinced by his wife's emotion that she had not only sent Signor Kettello to the rightabout, but was now assured of his guilt and ropontsnt into the. bargain. "The prudenoe!" murmured Mrs. Spendor, faintly, " Yes, prudenoe aud firmness combined," re turned Mr. Spender proudly, "although you pretended that you did not believe Signer Rettello was a eoamp, yet you must have told him what I aaid, and now that lie has gone don't reproaoh yourself, my dosr 1 ' "Gone— how do you know 7" asked Mrs. Spender in the smallest of feeble voices. And tlion the story, as her husband knew and imagined it, all cams out. When Mrs. Spender found herself orediteil with sagacity so far 111 advance of that whioh had marked her aotion in this episode, she felt that life must have few bitterer taska than her eonfoesion of tho truth. When at last the whole lay revealed to Mr. Spender it was with the utmost difiioully that she could prevent him from put ting the matter in the hands of the police. ; "Do yon think that I oan allow suoh a villain to osoape— no matter what promises you made when you were in terror of your life,", he said, starling up and going towards the door. But hie wife clung to liirn with bumble entreaties. "Oh, John, don't1 you tee how ridioutoue it would insko trie,!' she oiled. . " I would be. put In cablegrams to New Bloomebury. The police would not ca'oh liirn, but.ilio London correspon dents would get hold of the story. .. . J' nay Glairs out of my own settlement. . I won t get even a new bonnet for ages— nor spend any moro money on my art— eduoation. , Of oourse, Mr. Spender had to give wny In the end. But juetloe was not. altogether out raged. On ths next day Signor Rattello was dieoorered near an ancient tomb on the Cani- nogua, bound hand and foot, wounded anil penniless. Ail that oam. to light, was that on the eve of his departure for Palermo ho had been decoyed from Rome and. had been thus despitefiilly used. When the paragraph nn- nounoing tbeao details appeared in tlie.Intera, the good littlo Mrs. Peeley at onoo started a subscription on bolialf of their adored eignor. Mrs. Spender, absolutely refused to aubsenbo. a uonny,- and not only so, but she strongly sd- vised her friends to seek out some one more worthy of oharlty ihan their late master in P#"As8if wo could," said Miss Hope Peeley in- W,,' '1 never see Urn dear signer fXt rong wd in" Santa Maria In 1'or.i.o without thinking of tho man who waa going down to Jerioho and fell smonB thiev... "Well Hops, neither you nor I will act tne nart of the prioat and Levite, let others do what [?] 