Allan Love's Disappearance. CHAPTER X.— (Continued). ' My young friend,' said Sidney, quietly, suddenly rising and leaning forward across the table that divided them, ' I now have your whole opinion on this matter. ' I know where to place you. I know enough to make it necessary for me to tell you that if you should dare talce advantage or tne invitation innocently given by my wife and sister this afternoon, I would have you shown the door ! Never dare to speak to my sister — never dare to touch her hand while you have this opinion of me. You have chosen to jump at a con clusion which I shall consider too absurd to need a denial. As for my movements on that night or any other, I don't chose to explain them to you or anybody else who comes to me demanding an explanation as a right. Do you quite understand me, Mr. Love ?' Felix looked into the intense, glowing eyes before him, his own face strained and pale. ' You have made yourself reasonably plain, I think. You little know me if you think I would have crossed your threshold or accepted any hospitality from you. As for your sister — your sister — I shall try to forget that we ever met.' How hard it was to choke down the' dry sob that came with the words. ? Try to forget Bebe ! What a task he had set himself — what a bitter, hopeless task ! ' See that you do,' was Sidney's grim answer; and a moment later, after a cool re ? i i»» ?» 'm ?* ? ? ?? gooa airernoon, r eiix went away. For a.little while Sidney sat there, the unlit cigar between his fingers, his face troubled, his lips set in a stern, contemptuous expres sion. ' So the war has begun. I know Hastings of old. What will he do ? What can he do ? Besmear me in the minds of my friends by his gossip ? Suspect me ? Set the police to watch me ? Well, let him. My life will bear inspection. Until they find Allan Love's body, there can be no charge of murder. In case he has been made away with, I suppose my part of that wretched night's business would bring me under the suspicion of the law.' He started up and commenced to pace up and down the room. ' I sha'n't bother myself, however. I shall keep that night's work secret and safe, and just live my daily life as if I were not an interesting figure watched by a number' of amateur detectives. Bah for them all ! Silence still — for a woman's sake — for a foolish loving, unhappy little woman's' sake. And now I'm off to put a notice of my marriage to Vida in the papers. We've kept it quiet long enough. What a bitter dose that news will be for Hastings to swallow !' CHAPTER XL AT APP1BTHO EPB . It was more than a week later; a breezy, August afternoon, that presaged a cool, delightful night. The table was set for after noon tea in the pretty pink drawing-room at Applethorpe. Bebe, among the crape pillows heaped on the low, bamboo couch, was idly swinging her dainty slippered foot to and fro as she watched Vida, so pretty in her cool, white India silk dress, presiding over the spirit lamp on the oval lace-draped table. 'It's just this way,', said Bebe, her pretty forehead gathered in a frown, her blue eyes full of discontent, her soft, curling, gold brow hair ruffled by the constant movement of her uneasy head, ' he doesn't like me, and he doesn't want to know me. My self-esteem tells me he must be a fool to feel this way, as I flatter myself I am worth knowing ; but he doesn't mean to come. Anyone with half an eye can see that.' Vida went to' her side with a little gold and white cup of fragrant Pekoe, in which a bit of lemon in thfi Rlia.no nf n l-ioTP.™^,-.-., fl«o4-«,l and, smiling in her flushed face, said, merrily : ' Well, my dear, I have a pair of very good, clear-sighted eyes, and I don't see that at all.' ' Then why hasn't ho come ?' demanded Bebe, as if that question settled the whole matter. ' Perhaps he's out of town.' ' Well, he shouldn't have gone ! If ever a man acted as if 'he were smitten on a girl, that man was Felix Love. Why, when we were at the farmhouse he scarcely took his eyes off my face ; talked of the days when wo were to be chums— know each other so well ; said there was an affinity between us— and ? and— that he could feel it— and all that rot,' burst out' Bebe, in a mixture of regret and disgust. ' And when wo fairly knock our heads together on Fifth Avenue, and ho has achanco of meeting you and Sid, gets an in vitation to call, nearly wrings my hands off, looks unutterable things, ho simply disappears — doesnt come near mo! He hasn't even been in the neighbourhood!' ' ? ' Why, how do you know that ?' arid Vida lifted her level, Greek brows, whilo her eyes filled with quizzical questioning. ' Now, how on earth can you make the sweeping assertion that Mr. Love has not been in the neighbourhood ? Are you a sphinx, a bit of a clairvoyant, or— you pretty, ?wilful little creature — are you just trying to make yourself as miserable as possible ?' and Vida laid her finger under her sister-in-law's chin, and looked deeply and long into the eyes that were so marvellously like Sidney's. ' How do I know ?' asked Bebe, slowly, a dimple coming suddenly into her cheek as she sat up, a coquettish mixture of tumbled laces, tumbled bronze-gold hair, her eyes half ashamed and half-defiant. ' Well — just to make a clean breast of it — I've been on horse back up and down the boulevards for hours and hours every day — just — just hoping to catch a glimpse of him ; I've walked my feet off ; I've kept my eyes rolling, trying to look both directions at once ; but there hasn't been the ghost of him — there!' She flung her arms around Vida's neck and, between angry little bursts of laughter and sounds that were suspiciously like sobs, called herself a fool, a creature without pride, and that it would be no wonder at all if Vida hated her, and that she supposed she did. ? A tenderness that swept like a veil over Vida's beautiful eyes made them look like greatj velvet pansies, as she laid her .cool, white hand on the childish head and touched all that was visible of the flushed cheek. ' Dear child, you may tell me ! Bebe — Bebe— do you care for him so much ?' she asked in a whisper that invited a young heart's secret. ? ' There was no answer, no movement, but the half-sad laughter ceased. ' You don't want to tell me ? Well, never mind. But remember, Bebe, remember always, that I love you dearly, and that I want you to be happy. Remember a week is a, little while to a man whose life is crowded with business details, as your young friend's may be. He will come to Applethorpe yet, I feel sure of it. Besides — I hate to say it — but you know, dearie, he may have been ill — ? it's been such wretchedly hot weather until this morning.' Bebe looked up, her face all contrition and concern. 'Oh, do you think so, Vida? HI? The poor dear, and I abusing him this way! Couldn't we find out some way if he. were ill, and send, him some — some jelly ?' she quavered. It was hard for Vida to remain properly serious, but she managed it. ' I'll see, dear ; I'll ask Sidney about the jelly.' ' Oh, no, no ! Not for worlds ! 'Why not ?' 'Why, couldn't you see that Sid didn't like him?' The words aroused a tormenting doubt, a sense of unrest that of late had tormented Vida. Was this true ? Did Sidney dislike Felix Love ? If so, why ? What hidden event in the past were they both thinking of that day in Delmonico's when they were so icily, ominously polite to each other? She had thought at first that this might be her fancy, but since Bebe noticed it, too, it did exist. For days after that meeting she had tor tured herself— for Vida was as jealous as a Spaniard where she loved — she had fretted her heart in questions that gave back no answer. Then she had remembered that crimson evening by the sea when she had clung to her lover, kept him at her side, promising to trust him blindly, to ask no questions, to believe in the face of all doubts, if he would but stay with her. Surely that was a compact that no passing suspicion could break down ! She had kept him when he would have gone on some vital, secret errand — she had promised to believe in him, an-? she would. But a woman's heart ! Is there in life anything more inconsistent, more illogical than that very necessary organ ? Oh, what allegiance to this vow was costing her ! Like Fatima, who risked her life to peep into Bluebeard's secret chamber, passing by all the others without interest, so the question kept haunting Vida : ' What leaf in my husband's life is turned down to me ? What is the secret ? Who are ins uuumies : w no is j: eiix jjove, ana wnat does he know of Sidney's past ? Is the secret shameful for him, or for another ? Is it the old story of clierchez la femine? Will the shadow ever be lifted from our otherwise perfect love ? Shall I ever know ? Will he tell me some day ? Will he tell me ?' Before she could reply to Bebe, the footman entered. ' If you please, mum, there's a person here wants to see Mr. Raritan.' ' Have you the gentleman's card ?' 'No, mum,' replied the cockney servant, his chin well up. 'This hain't a gentleman — this is a pusson. I think he's come to hengage hisself to Mr. Raritan. He's furrin — I might say that he's French.' ' Oh, it's probably the new valet,' said Vida, languidly. 'I'll see him here, Ruggles.' ' Yes, mum ; quite so.' Ho withdrew, and after a moment there entered a funny, little mau that almost made Bebe laugh outright. He was a creature of shrugs and grimaces. From the most pojnted hair, standing upright with pomatum, to the tips of his highly polished littlo boots, he was indeed a French man. 'You have come to see Mr. Raritan in regard to his advertisement for a valet, I suppose ?' asked Vida, standing up straight in her slender, regal beauty, and looking at Ti !l ft flxrfln.f ,m\ 1 1 k¥\ n nn n t» tir-J+li *-»?« 4- rt ? .„ ? __ _ .e ? ?* ''?%* uuuw ui/i/^u iuuu i r iui-lL/Uo I* til UiLLL OX the amusement she felt showing in her oyes. ' . , ' A leetle more zan zat. Oh, yes ! Meester Raritan havo sent me a lettair to call — yes, madame— and I present myself for hoes inspection. So!' And ho bowed very low with impressive dignity. ' Ah, indeed ! What's your name ?' ' Etienne Oudry.' ' r.supposo you havo references and ox experience ?' she asked. ' Oui certainement, madame. VoilaV And ho plungled into his pocket, keeping his small, pompons littlo body bont almost to a right anglo as ho did so. ' That will do. I meroly wanted to know. Mr. Raritan will engage you if you are satis factory. Ho may not be home until dinner, but yon may stay and see him. Ruggles will take care of you.' ^Sho rang the boll, and Rugglos, wearing f™,08^ C01?'lescen(3i11g expression, appeared. 'This man comes as the new valet. See that he has dinner with you, if by that time Mr. Raritan has not arrived,' she said. And the Frenchman bowed himself out. ' What a queer-looking man !' said Bebe, with a little laugh, ' I say, Vida, you'll never lot him curl the front of Sidney's bronze locks that way, will you ?' ' You absurd child ! For all his affected airs, I shouldn't wonder if ho made a splen did servant. These Frenchmen generally do. Havo another cup of tea ?' (To ha continued.) 