THE LOSS OF THE BLACK SWAN. A Tale of Love and Adventure. By LIONEL SPARROW. Author of " The Pearl of the White Hills," " Stolen Gold," &c.; CHAPTER I. A MYSTERIOUS INCIDENT. THE inner history of the events connected with the foundering of the "Black Swan" have not up till now been made public. As one of the two survivors of the occupants of the long missing boat, I can of course, explain everything that happened during that dreary time ; but it is not so much the mere story of the wreck which I propose to relate, as the extraordinary conjunction of circumstances which solved, as it were, the life- problem of myself and the other survivor. Truth, it has often been said, is stranger than fiction ; and certainly the tale I have to tell might in itself prove the soundness of the time-worn proverb. A sedentary life and too close an application to mental pursuits having undermined my health, I was compelled to alter my mode of life and a complete change of air was recommended by my physician. Having at this time no superfluity of cash, I was fain to accept the very generous invitation of my old friend, Captain Hall, to accompany him as a guest in the Black Swan of which he was sole owner. This offer was made and closed nearly a month before the day on which the ill-fated vessel sailed and I am sure neither of us, at that time, had the ghost of an idea that another guest - a lady - was to join our little party of voyagers. I had few preparations to make. Such friends as I possessed were near at hand and my worldly affairs were not of a nature to involve any great transaction of business in their settlement. So, having already resigned my position, I had little to do but wait for the day of departure. The Black Swan was to leave the Bay on the 15th of March, and it was yet only the 18th of February. I spent most of the time in the open air - sometimes riding or driving with a friend, but generally strolling aimlessly alone, about the quiet suburb in which I lived. On one of these latter occasions, I found myself passing through the open grounds of a large and somewhat pretentious private residence. It was one of my favorite walks - though, strange to say, I had never had the curiosity to find out the owner's name. The grounds were spacious considering their position, and being exceedingly well-kept they were very pleasant. What seemed most peculiar about them was that they were almost invariably deserted, though the house was plainly occupied. As I was slowly walking down a shady winding path, buried in those reflections about nothing in particular which we call reverie, I was startled by two or three short sharp screams, evidently uttered by a girl or woman. At nearly the same instant I caught sight of a swiftly-moving figure through the leaves of a myrtle growing by the pathway. I halted and looked. It was certainly a woman, but she was not alone. A man had just overtaken her and caught her by the wrist, which he held in a vice-like grip. For the moment I had no eyes for the lady, as the man's face absorbed my whole attention - its expression seemed to make my blood run cold. His features were well cut and even handsome, but just now they wore an extremely sinister look. It was exactly the expression that a murderer might assume immediately before striking the fatal blow. I fully expected some violence, but for the moment I was rooted to the spot. By the time I recovered my presence of mind and was about to dash forward to the lady's assistance, the expression of the man's face changed entirely. The deadly light had gone out of his fierce eyes, leaving them soft and tender as a girl's ; his brow was smooth and calm, and his lips were half parted in a smile expressive of the deepest pleasure. He had relaxed his hold upon her wrist, where the marks of his fingers were still plainly to be seen - and his hand now rested lightly upon her dark silky hair. This complete change startled me almost as much as the first sight of the man had done, and my fears for the lady's safety were turned to amazement at so sudden a metamorphosis. Still watching them intently, I saw the man's lips moving, and though no distinct sound reached my ear, I could readily imagine, from the expression his face now wore, that the words were those of tenderness and love. The lady still looked somewhat affrighted, but it could be plainly perceived that she was no longer fearful of any violence on the part of her strange companion. She was, in fact, fast recovering her self possession, and presently I saw her apparently reasoning with the man and, as it seemed by her gestures, imploring him to leave her. He appeared for some time unwilling to comply with her wishes, but at length she prevailed, and making a courteous and tender farewell, he strode away in the direction of the house. As soon as he had disappeared, the lady, who (as I now had the opportunity to perceive) was extremely young and exquisitely beautiful, sank down upon a seat that stood near by and burst into tears. I now thought it high time to withdraw. There was plainly no further danger to be apprehended, and if I were perceived, the situation would become embarrassing. I was considering how I could best get away without attracting the young lady's attention, when whom should I see approaching, but my friend Captain Hall of the Black Swan ! He was hurrying towards the lady, having evidently heard her cries without being able to reach her at once. As soon as she saw him, she rose impulsively and threw herself into his arms with renewed sobs. Surprised as I was, I preserved sufficient presence of mind to avail myself of the opportunity thus offered for retreating and so I turned away. My last impression of them was that the captain was trying to console the young lady without much immediate prospect, it seemed to me, of success. I saw Captain Hall a few days afterwards, and noticed that he appeared rather pre-occupied ; but of course no reference to the strange occurrence in the garden passed between us. To Be Continued. 