HIS OWN APIK ? -? — ; — ? — - . , .-. ? (BY HOUGHTON TOWNlJSY.) CHAPTER XHL— Continued. 'Curb your tongue, j^ouhg man. Toll tnow what I c&n.-; do for you if I cHoose.' ' ? .'. :. ? . ? ,. 'Yes, you can hang ine, and, by hea Tfin, it would be preferable to this.-tor- . riire.' ' - ....-, \- A gleam of satisfaction lurked in the: lawyer's eyes at this confession. 'Ah! I have not done yet; I have more in store for you.' 'You have not My mind is made up. I will uot endure more. Wlieu you extracted that letter from me on the pica that it was the wisest and best thing for my love to be quit of a criminal, I believed you. But .she is ill— dying, for all l Know— ana, i nave come tc see her to revoke that letter and comfort her. and cursed be he who j stands* in my way.' 1 'You shall not see her! You shall not have her! She shall be my wife before she is yours! That is what I have in store for you,' snarled Markham; 'and if you stand in my way, you shall be put out of it— you know how; and if she refuses to be my wife, then I will tell her who shot young Wilde, and she shall sac riilce' herself to save you from the gallows.' Phil stared aghast at the eVil-eyeia man as he spluttered out his sen tences. So astouuded was he that he could hardly believe his own ears. He stood* motionless, gazing at his perse cutor with twitching- liands. Markham began to tremble, and edged round towards the door; but be fore he could reach it Phil had leapt upon him like a tiger, and fastened his strong hands upon the villain's throat. 'You evil-hearted reptile! You wri-. thing worm!' he cried, as his, fin gers clenched in fury upon the strug gling man. 'If I have killed one man, I can kill another.' Down upon his knees at the first onslaught stumbled Markham, down again backward to the floor with a thud, as with head thrown back he crashed earthward. 'Help!' faintly gurgled the choking man. 'You venomous cur! I have your fchroat in my grip. I nave- your life at my 'fingers' ends; promise that I shall 'never see your face more, or I Will strangle you where you lie. Pro mise!' Phil's fingers were too tightly lock fed on the victim's throat to allow him to speak. The man only uttered .. a guttural sound, and clenched his as sailant's wrists. 'Promise!' Phil cried, shaking liim as a terrier does a rat. 'But of what use is the promise of a thief? Why don't I kill j'ou now? I will.' Tighter pressed his thumbs upon the purple skin; blood began to .trickle from the creature's nostrils, and Ms jeyes started from their sockets, but still the infuriated youth held on. 'Die! you worm! Die! Why do your horrid eyes still stare at me with life? I hate you! I know now what hate is! I know how you feel to me, but I can feel the same. I hate you! I am stronger than you; I have you in my grip— and you shall die!' The helpless man relaxed his hold npon his assailant's wrists and clut ched convulsively at the air. His body writhed beneath - his' opponent's knee once1— twice — again! v His legs curled under him, but vain his frantic efforts to shift the crushing weight jfrom his body. 'Not dead yet! still staring at me [with those horrid eyes! Why don't you die?' : Phil saw beneath him a black, dis t-itorted visage with rolling eyeballs: iHe loosened his right hand that he fmight savagely smite the loathsome Iface; the action gave the victim one moments gasp of precious air— ano- ther minute's lease life. 'I cannot kill him!' Phil almost Bhrieked in maniacal fury, loosening both his bands and smiting together with the two as though he would -dash inward those rolling, glaring eyeballs. The victim gasped and gulped the precious draughts of life snatched in the brief respite, and found again strength to writhe and toss. To Phil everything seemed whirling round. The face before him .was magnified like some horrible spectre in a nightmare. . Again his fingers locked upon his enemy's throat ' Then he heard con fused voices in his ears and a wo man's piercing shriek, the sound of hurried footsteps on the stairs, and a voice calling plaintively for Dr. Marsh —a crash in an upper room, followed by pattering feet on the stairs. A minute later the door of the room was burst open, and Pauline, in her nightdress, with wild, dishevelled hair, stood before him. 'I knew it! I saw it!' she cried, clasping her hands upon her breast, and staring distraught and mad. '?Kill him! kill him! Don't let me eee the letter, only kill him, so that I phaii never see it!' . The sweet, gentle Pauline seemed turned for the moment into an abet ting fiend. But the spell was broken. Phil re leased his victim and staggered to his feet He realised that the ghost of Pauline's former self sfeod before him. 'Pauline !' he cried; 'plaintively, stepping over the prostrate man and advancing with outstretched hands, -'Is it you? Don't you know me?' 'Get away from me!' she cried, shrinking against the wall; 'you are a murderer! See, there, is blood ?dripping from your hamdsi You think I don't know you, but I dp. You killed my father!' l ♦'Pauline! Pauline!' he criedr'don't look at me like that 1 am Phil— you know me— Phil?' 'You are not PhU, You are amffiv aerer. Ijpok!' she cried, pointing to the groaning man on the ..ground, ''Look! he is not dead yet Gfet on Snth your workT' \- 'P&altoe;!'' *Oh, coine away, Missy, do/' 'cried tore agonised voice of Martha in Jthe Dackgronnd. 'Oh, Mr. Phil, whatever have you been doing to Mr. Mark ham?' . 'Pauline, don't you know me?' 'No, Mr. Phil, she doesn't - taiow anybody twit me; jshe's been like this two days. And she has been calling for you so, and to think that When you come she don't know you neatner. It's pitiful. ? Oh, poor Mr. Markham. iWhat have you done to him? How he's a-groaniing.' 'Pauline, Tin Phil; don't $tm re member?' '=*i~- 'I remember,' she replied, nodding Several iSmes meaningly. 'Wb&reVs; Eddie?' ? *' « He advanced towards her, aad jspe recoiled swiftly out of the door to iWards the staircase. He came jiearer still, begging -her not to be afraid, and touched hen ' -surnttered a 'wiia shitefe turn gaver a look round that made ids. heart stand still. She seemed for 'one£-rief moment to recognise him and Teanem ber everything — her father's death, liis own perfidy, and the cruel letter. Then oblivion claimed her once more, and, staggering forward, she fell senseless in his arms, exhausted With the ravings of' her madness. The turning point in the fever had come. Her soul was balancing upon the wheel of ; life and death, and no] man could say which way the wheel would turn. Phil raised her in his arms and car-' ried her to her room, closely followed by Martha. Tenderly be laid her down, and Martha applied such resto ratives as the circumstances deman ded. .???'.. The poor girl had sunk at last be neath the conflicting emotions of her delirium. The tired brain, worn out with wild delusions from. the land of dreams, collapsed beneath the strain. She lay in a half stupor, but occa sionally her eyes opened and rested upon the face of Phil as he knelt be side the bed, holding her thin, white hand in his. She smiled feebly as she recog nised him, and closed her eyes as if to steep. Deep sighs escaped her lips at intervals, and the quivering form by degrees sank into peaceful rest 'She's going to sleep at last,' whis pered Martha. ♦'Hush!' .said. Phil, softly, 'you have awakened her again.*' , The big, sad eyes opened slowly and gazed upon Phil with . a puzzled eipreesion. The feeble white hand tightened upon his, drawing him clo ser. He bent over her tenderly and listened as she whispered: 'Phil— was it— was it a dream?' , 'Yes, yes,' he answered, smoothing back her tangled hair. 'Go to sleep, Pauline— go to sleep.' . She smiled feebly, and slowly drew his big, strong hand between her two weak palms, as though the sense of touch gave her comfort, and assured her of the reality of his presence. Then her eyes . wandered from his face to the hand she held, and Phil followed her gaze. Horror! his hand was smeared with blood. She gave one dull look at the crim son stain, then another, and with a start of terror thrust it from her. She recoiled from him with a fright ened cry, and in a sudden burst of strength raised herself to a sitting pos ture, threw up her arms, and fell back senseless on her pillow. Blood! blood upon his hands! The brand of Cain in gaudy smears! He smote his forehead and cried aloud in pain. He remembered once more that he was an outcast from mankind; but a moment since he had sought again the life of a fellow-creature. One last lingering look at the still, fair form lying on the snow-white pillows, one farewell glance, and raising his hand above his head in wild despair, he turned and fled from the room. * * * *. Markham, who had been left below, struggled feebly to his feet, and at the. same . moment Dr. Marsh's key turned in the latch of the front door. The doctor entered the- room and gazed upon, the panting, dishevelled man in astonishment *.';What is the matter?' he asked . 'Lrook, look!' cried the totteriug man, extending his liands and showing the stains of blood on them from con tact with his cut lips and bleeding nostrils. It was a cry of fear; his face was ashen, and his eyes wildly distended. 'What have you been doing? How did this happen?' asked the young doctor, quietly, seeing with a profes sional eye that a physical encounter had. undoubtedly caused the damage. 'That— liiat young blackguard Ray nor has. been attempting to murder me,' gasped Markham. 'Her-he tried to strangle me, and I'm afraid I've r-ruptured a blood- vessel. See the blood from my mouth! For heaven's sake don't stand there so calmly! Do some thing—save me!' This as he fell half fainting with terror upon the couch. 'You coward!' thought Marsh, and he half smiled. 'You have done no thing of the sort; your lip is cut from a blow, and a little blood flows from the nostrils from strain, that is alL How did it happen?' 'Are you quite sure?' whined Mark ham. 'Quite. A little cold water and a sponge will put you right in a few minutes.' 'The young rufilan!' snarled Mark ham, as soon as his confidence was slightly restored, and the application of a sponge had stanched his scratches; 'he shall suffer for this. He shall—*' A footstep on the stairs cut short any further threats. Phil, wild-eyed and despairing, entered the room. For a moment he did not seem to see any body, but soon his gaze rested upon his white-faced torturer, whose physi cal courage sank at once in the pres ence of bis enemy. 'I want to speak to this man alone,' said Phil, turning to Dr. Marsh, and indicating Markham. His voice was strained and hollow, and his eyes fixed1 with a strange look upon the lawyer. 'You appear to. have already expres sed yourself rather forcibly, Baynor,' said Dr. Marsh. 'Don't you think you had better postpone' yonr inter view, at least till you are out of this house?' :; 'No, it most Ae.^aowr— here. In any other place I shonTd kill him— here I have already gone too far. He is safe with me now. Leave us alone.' 'I don't wish to be left alone with you,' said ATartrhgnri. 'H I am not, wanted, of course I shall not intrude. You seem agitated, Rayhor. Has anything happened up stairs? She's not 'worse?' He paused, and spoke with a sudden aniietv that was far from nrofessional. The eyes of the two young -men met Phil knew of Marsh'& past love for Pauling, and in this moment of trouble he felt no jealousy. Extending his hand, he motioned feebly to the door. 'Go to her. Leave me ;with this man.' * Dr. Marsh hurried tip to ids patient, whilst Phil stood -gazing silentiy at his persecutor, as though wondering what to do witii him, the timid object of his scrutiny fidgeting awkwardly meanwhile beneath his searching glance. . 'Yon needn't toe afraidV' said Phil, after a pause. 'Listen to what I have to say. 'This Is 'the- last time you or I shall meet and -part alive. If 'we meet again— yon understand?' 'i presume you mean that your mur derous proclivities wjffl *toe too tnneh for you— that, having murdered one ?man, yon are .anxious to murder, an other.' C£o* tie -eemanoed.) 