KA TIE. -? There are few more cheerful places on a cold and winter night than a smithy with its roaring fire. The ruddy glow and nparkle of light, the interested face« of the village loungers, the roar of the bellows, and the cheerful ring of the? smith's hammer on the anvil, alL cambine to make np a comfortable rural picture of light and warmth. The smithy at Gods croft on a cold December evening was no exception to this rule ; it was warm and bright, and filled to overflowing with village gossips, met to talk over the event of tho day. The group of men collected round the fire was just each a group as may bo found round any smithy fire in the country ; hard headed, hard featured, hard fisted, shrewd, sensible men; keen politicians, learned in polemical contra« versy, fond of argument on most subjects, ' and able to take an intelligent, although I often prejudiced, interest in almost all ' the leading topics of the day. 1 Such were the loungers collected round [ the smithy fire at Godscroft, listening eagerly to a man who was in many re« speers dissimilar to them. There was about him an easy breath, a freedom, au expauaiveness of gesture and manner, which suggested colonial life. He had an air as if the village streets were scarcelv wide enough for his swinging stride, as if ho felt the little world of the -smith)*-*, the arena of the intellectual heroes of Gods, croft, narrow and circumscribed. He was good-looking, with a sun embrowned com« plexion, and dark oyes with a m-rry twinkle in thom ; while a strong, squaraly out chin- and jaws gave character to a face that would otherwise have beeu ouly weakly -good natnred. A large, wiry haired dog, of a mongrel and uoudescript type, lay at his feot, and formed the thorne of conversation. * It's a bonny dog o' its kiud and a guid dog, l'se warrant ; but I will never allow that it's a collie,' said one speaker. ' Did I ever say that it was p It has nothing of the collie about it. although it has more than a collie's intelligence.' * ít'a a dour looking beast,' said another. ' It reminds mo of a wolf I ones saw in Womb well's menagerie, that came round this country side four years- ago come Larrttners. Ye'll mind it, Geordie ?' ' You're Hone so handsome yourself, Jock,' said the stranger, " that you should object to tile want of beauty in others. did you never hear tell of the old proverb, " Handsome is as handsome does ?" Bill, I here, is better than ho is bonny, and that he baa proved.' ¡ * Tell as all about jt. It's just grand I to bear ye telling these ctutlandish stories,' said one of the bystanders. ' It would be away out, (hera io Austra- lia, l'se warrant,' said another. ' Yes, boys, it was,' said the tall, bronzed, bearded mau who owned Bill, and ho tossed back his bair and gave his fore- head a rub, as if to quicken the bump of memory, and straightway bogan. " You want Bill's story, mates. Well, here it is. Some of you hore, I don't doubt, will remember that when the old man died in the hard winter of 70, I left tho old country, that was pretty well used up for me, to try my luck in tho Australian gold-fields, where they used to ' tell us down here that the gold might be got for the mere trouble of lifting it up. What I got, and that waa never very much, took a precious deal of bark work, I can tell you ; and what with one thing and another, I tired of it, aud went up the country to a big [ squattier, a kenned man and a kindly. for he was one of Hnuter of Godscroft ?» sons, and Hired myself to be one of hie I shepherds, I hid a good berth with I him, nothing to. complain of, either ia the way of work, or meat, or wages; but it was au out-st&tion;, and it was terrihly* lonesome. I missed my mothor, poor old body, mora than I can tell you. Many a timo it would have done roy heart good just to have hoard the click of her knitting needles, or seen the whisk of the' -skirts of her old black gown; and sometimes 1 laughed, and sometimes I almost shed tears, when I thought how it wonld have amused her to have seen me with my sleeves turned' up kneading damper or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky fire. ' However, it was better, as I often said to myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad neighbour ; and,jny sheep kept me in so much work that I had very' little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wanderin«; fit, and I wonld get up samo fine morning and find half of the blrsel gone; and ewiínimgiJ&ieitebaA; te scour the counkry^ lar ana aearatfl Î ona» «pan -she «jnefc of ttssan. F haro «sen mo ride flttf^ mïu&bcfaoeii;ïfiefCBtï -np*wih*-*heB.." "fib, aapat, tart yo would he-ies-raosne« when yo d^'^aflnd au oki tBchodanltow^ .ppreoiatirely. The bu? Aojatnthaa withered bim with« a Iriok;-noua ararat-oaloriy^n. "1 was ant one day after a Jot of. that wa» as^ewift as deer and «a -cnn ning as the oldest fax in your spinneys here,; and I had n-otv-eeeu sa much as a printof -one of their feet. Í bad-^been Ü riding since tho morning brake, ana. J? was spent with hungerand'far%aO'^ri»en<; the night came -äoarn upon me pitchi nark, not » star visible-o, deep Egyp-, tiaa darkness that «enid almost be £eik¿ t oonii ' not so, nmoh as aee~niy hand? when Iheki it up-hcrfore me.* 'Yo were aye a bauld billy/ «aid? «aechar -rotrospoctûre schoolfellow, "hot' that would -daunton ye. What did yo^ .krt* " What coald I do ? To turn baek. was moro dangeraus than to go forward. Flot my horse sesve>the difficulty. He seemed to see what was before bim; I coatd not ; and we went on, and on, and on, till I aaw a shimmering gleam flash through the mirky darkness of the night;, áud'heard the rush of water. It was a ¿ràak, as ive call -thom in those r:ts; and as the horse made no pause,« rode bokjly on, and hy God's mercy1; rather /¡han,cipy own guidance, we' stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got safely jo-, the other side.- The steep bank was overgrown with bush, as I could see by a glint of moonlight that flashed out all of a sudden, and I waa just-ftakiug a look round to see if I oonld rnajke but where*I was, when my ears were pierced by the most awful cry I think IHave ever heard. It was so loud, and so shrifl, and so full of paiuí that it fahrly madebiy^blood run cold. I leaped out of «me saddle in sheer fright, and looked round ino like á man bewildered. The wide bare ' pastures and scrubby bush around were devoid of any human habita- tion, and yet it was like the cry of some poor human créature in the extremity of distress. It was so ghastly, so unearthly, that the horse I was riding, although be was a steady old brute, shied, and swerved sharpe round. He was in euch a panic, that I could not help remembering mother'« old world-stories about ghosts, although *I tried to tell myself that there was no such tiring. However, ghost or no ghost, Ï was bonnd to go on ; so I set a stout heart to etey brae ; and when I found that'I could-net force the terrified brute up the bank, I dismounted, and'tied bhn-ioayonng'gum tree. 'I had scarcely set my4aea to the bank j again, when the same cry sounded oat, once more. I tell you, mate«, it mak©*the blood run cold round my heart, it was so shrilly wila\ sp unearthly, so despairing, and to make it worse, the black night came down on rae again mirk and heavy, like the blackness of the parish wort cloth I used to wonder at when I was a boy. I bad not the least idea in what direc- tion to'turn, and was standing irresolute, when I"beard the cry agaia<and it sounded nearer, and was so dutinct that I thought I owls, go, straight to the very epot it came from. The bank was so steep that I had to scramble up on my hands and knees, often slipping back and stopping to listen-;, hut* I eonld*he«r-notíüng except the eeft^ojcgliag splash 'of the water da«» be-neath-me. I was not sure which wapfejrarn, when I heard the cry again right out'of the scrub before me. I was -htthe-righr: direction-thabwa&.oue good thing; >bttt I will never deny that I was frightened 4 bit, it was such a terrible cry and-tfce- spot was so lonely. I had that a-ei-rifria mo, though, that I would not go back; and -J crept for ward on my hands and knees towards the top of the bank, which was-eovered with a closer low bush. It waa a bit of a climb, and I*-** had s-tobtped a mi unte to get ray breath, when I thought I heard a low moaning neise close to rae. I gripped my revolver, j but it -vms'of-little use in the darkness, so I took oat instead a big bowie knifo-I always oarried,, and held it ready in my hand. The next moment there was*a sort of; hortliug^rash through the air above me,, aaaoon-wthing leaped right down upon tay shoukrara. I gave a yell and; -oten motiven; and then away down the-, bank we -rolled, riving and^tearing abeaohv other ia an agony of mortal fright. As> soe-naas^e-mfö-ge-L^ right band free, I gavo a-fleaperabe ärrust with the knife; actrd with A yell of rage and pain, tua creature dropped off from nie; and I, heard the thu&of; its f ali on som» pro-' feting-rock or bush that had caught it in Hi «owriwaid descent. " I was.moró -frightened than hurt, and. soon scrambled toroy feet. As a smoker is never without matches, I soon liad tv light, with which 1 groped my way down to where the creature'lay, and what do you think I found ?' ' A tangar, maybe,' said another old. «chooi&U;înr. * Ye-eafeawrk, there, are no tigers in tv » I 1 ^ ?' '? '-W-ggf hois co4day. I eh^thhrk. I .«tOr-'Oa-X'j Jnnlen^ge^sJieÉwtoa theaj<ih«w^*eV^lii*A .crrinoa. He was A>j¡aAnnMawwrf «Mit i %tm, btasding -efe^^fo«.#,iitrcrtart1hJ^ ?nine, which he had^eat mvirodttangfPM ^tös=«ie. HKiinBjaeiowatUM 1mfr-tt«n«ft*h**is-4ies^^ *atíw-% -a» -atoiost hntasa Jmifr,*mU.% ^mat^ssy-h^aA. lVe^^o^nt^-to'hip-w a^he^rjobed-np at me««o^it^ip> wofht <lahi»havoapoken audio-Id me h«»^-story. He let me staanch the bàeod that was* ?tóckEng from-"*» side ; and I btraa-d jup.o ^^ewoutrd"as-well asd could. He then| «higgBcad to liis3feet^and whined, aod* -oas^fat -my swes» wi» We moth, andS {jumow4^'Hin««8-oplainhy aⅈ hevha-tf opo-ken« .Qi^t-he wanted^ne totfoüow bun. -^-tookc-wi Che Isntera, aad^^wajajedv bia -tau amllieked my he^.andoawsanm--' "-bled up tiie bank-together, and -thru« always whining and loijkiagback, he ietT the way um the -bash. The brushwood ?waa scrthiok aad-deua» .h-rtsX-ms-ntaast-» jheat. I could scarcely force my way ttoough; bat whenever Istelopad toilet; «a ntouthfal of breath, he whined and. fawnedon me, and pulled at my sleeve, ancUehowed suchen, agony o£idhrtra«8»taat$ I ctmhoV>not but pó^ytne peer dumb-beast, and maka all the haste 1 could to -follow., By this time the day waa beginning toe ' break; and it was not so dark as it-had" been. He had led me to a sort of caro .f e-BBaecT.by & shelf of rock projecting^roña* tfae-hank.-aad'-'thercS Wrapped in a tartan shawl was a eight that brought-my heart-, to my mouth. A girl, a bit lassie, so sorely wasted and spent that I lifted her np in myarms like a child andcarriedher up to the open. Her eyes were closed, hand she seemed too far gone for epeooh,^ but there was fife-inher still, as I oould see by the flickering of her eyelids when I stooped down to look at her. ' As" for the dog, who had crawled after us, he looked up in my face with his. pathetic eyes full of a dumb prayer for help; and then-for he was fairly beat, and oould not, I believe, have dragged his trembling limb« another step - he stretched himself on the grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand. I was ia such a state of excitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what .to do;-out I goteóme water and laved her face and moistened her lips; and' when she^hadswallowed-a few- drops «he came round so-far that she could utter a ward or two in a faint whisper. ' Thus, bit by bit, I got- her story. She and her father had been on -their way home from the goldfields, and he had a oonsid ersble^eom of money on him, how much she scarcely knew, and it made little matter, for it was-ml gone. In a dark- some gnlly on the road ho had been>set upon and Tobbed and murdered; androhe had fled into the bush like a distracted creature, and wandered about day and night till Bill had come back to her, and* she had followed him to his care, where she had lived for nome weeks on such berries and roots as*she could find. She was afraid to ltave its poor shelter, for ehe had lost her way completely, and was thoroughly bewildered ; and so, whan the supply of roots and berries-never very plentiful in an Australian-bush--began-to run short, she gave herself up for lost, and lay down in despair to die. * Poor thing ! My heart waa. in my mouth as I listened. Gaunt and'haggard as she-was, it was easy to see that she had been a bonny lassie; andjthor voice was so sweet that it wa«4ik»a sang from Para- dise. " Yon mnahnet speak of dying," I -said ; *. you that havo'all your life betöre you, and can scareely tell how pleasant a thing it is to uve." * " I have no desire to live longer," she said. "I have nothing to live for now that my father is gone ;" and she «closed: her eyes and shuddered. ' She speke with a pretty accent, and 'her voice sounded in my lonely earn like the sweetest music I had ever heard ; but although she was so gentle and sweet, she quite Jmocked all the conceit eut of me, and I could-only stare at har and mum- ble. "No no; you must not talk of dying." (Concluded in our next.) 