Omii/IAL BOOTH'S VISIT. General Booti) completed his course of public addresses iii Brisbane last night, says tlie Jirisbane Courier of the Gili instant, when he spoke in thc Opera House. The Hon. H. Tozer, M.L.A., presided. General Booth, who was greeted with a perfect ovation and frantic cheering and waving of handkerchiefs, said that he was very glad of this opportunity of speaking on these matters, which he had very much at heart himself, and which were intimately associated with the welfare of the whole colony. He thanked Mr. Tozer for his report of the conduct of his people ; and he was glad to have it from Slr. Tozcr's lips. He hoped that Mr. Tozer would always lind them loyal citizens, and speaking on thc matter of the subsidy lo the Prison Gate Brigade, he trusted that the Government would double the amount of the subsidy in the future. The subject of social miseries and their remedies was a very large one, and his audience a very diverse one, whilst the topic was associated very closely with the Salvation Army itself. He had often wished that he could come before his audiences when talking of Army matters, simply as a stranger, and dissociate"himself from it. Yet he was a Salvationist from top to toe, and every hair of his head and every drop of the blood in his veins belonged to the Salvation Army. He believed in his own people and in his own concerns, and was proud of them ; and although he knew that they fell far short in many things, he thought that they were the very best sort that God Almighty had on this earth. The social miseries of which he was going to speak be- longed to what was looked on ns the lower strata of humanity. This class might be distinguished by their utter helplessness and hopelessness. A great many people who had given attention to the matter of social miseries objected to his remedies on the grounds that they served only to postpone the inevit- able great social revolution. He was proud to claim that his principles were not only ameliorative, but socially re- volutionary. Four or five years ago ho had gone outside Salvation Army work to look for sorrow, destitution, and misery, and ho had found them in abundance. He looked at these evils and gave them a freehold classification : The wild, dashing sea of destitution, the miry morass of vice, and the outlaws of society-criminals. If he wished to do more than cause a momentary ripple of their minds and displace the business cares of life he must lead them with him, and show them these things. He must take them to look over the edge of the pit and see the misery that existed. In addition to those who were in the pit there was a crowd all around the edge of the abyss whom a little shaking, a prolonged strike of drought, a failure of an employer, or sickness would destroy. He Baid to himself, Was there no way to help and avert this? When he came to South Africa he said to his officers, " Go and make personal investigations, and see if here there are any of these vices," His officers came bock saying they were all there. At Melbourne he told them to go and see if there were any slums, and they came back and told him that tliey liad seen sights that almost beggared thc scenes taut they had just left. In America the slums of New York, Philadelphia, and many other cities were reeking with vice, and there was in that country a regulir army of no fewer than 100,000 tramps. Unless effectual methods were taken they would have it mighty harvest to reap in the future. Stories had been told him of drunkenness among shearers and people in thc back blocks, and incidents in the lives of drunkards even within this city had been related to him that would make even angels weep. He would pass on to a class whose name was seldom men- tion from thc pulpit und platform witli any degree of pity-poor lost women and girls who had fallen. People now said that he must not smooth the path- way down to shame by ministering to the comfort of these poor creatures. God forbid ; he would that the pathway were rougher, butwhat he desired was to make the pathway lending away from it smoother. All he asked for poor men and women who had fallen in life was that they should be helped on to their feet, a thing which a crowd would do even to a fallen cab-horse. It was pretty well known that they had thc i largest refuge home in the world, and ? that something like 21,000 girls had ! been taken off the streets, and nearly I 3000 were being rescued in Englnnd 1 every year. It must not be supposed that all their work in this direction was confined to Great Britain, for they had a larger number of such institution outside that dominion. He was now going to mention a class in which he was told ho would find some of his own people shaky. If he found it so, he would shake them. He proceeded to barrule the career of a man who, once having been imprisoned, endea- voured to tight his way up in the world unsuccessfully, and being driven to further crime, had be- come a professional burglar. This man, after serving a sentence of twenty years' penal servitude, had been re- claimed by the Army, and had made the very pair of boots worn by himself that night. Ho could givo them many instances, but ho had not come lo ask for their sympathy for the submerged classes in Great Britain, but rather for their own submerged classes. There was a good deal of talk nowadays of brotherhood, which was mostly hollow cant and hardly skin-deep. If a flock of sheep fell down a pit in the neigh- bourhood of Brisbane, would not the people come to assist them out, with' their broken and maimed limbs, since tliey could not get out themselves? Why shuuld it not be so for their fellow-creatures? Sometimes he was puzzled by the Christianity lie saw on Iiis travels. There were limes coming on this world that unless God or man interfered were terrible to contem- plate. Not that these poor wretches of the submerged class were able to pull down the pillars of society ; but there were other interests at work, and when the pillars did full, then would come the terrible tide of these poor creatures. The ever-increasing crowds of the submerged classes must be dealt with, and society must grapple with the question. No class of society was more intimately associated with the others than the bottom class ; for every movement given to them would be felt by the others. Were these poor wretches to go on living and haunting our consciences with skeleton forms and all the adjuncts of poverty and misery for ever ? Now was the time for the nation lo rise up and do something. If they wanted to help these poor people they must relieve their immediate wants. That very day the Army had fed 30,000 hungry people up and down thc world, and they did not demoralise by indiscriminate charity, as all receiving relief bad to work. There was a shelter in Blackfriars-rood which could contain 1000; men a night. He then proceeded' to illustrate and de- scribe the accommodation in the Salva- tion Army shelters. They must inspire these poor creatures with hope. These people were divided into two classes those who had gone down through mis- fortune, and those who bad gone down through'-misconduct. The latter were not the only wrong-doers in the world, they should remember ; for there were some vices by which men climb to fame, and such men were more execrable in the sight of God than those of the lowest of the submerged classes. If a man or woman were to plead for another chance, no matter bow criminal, or how debased they were, it was their duty-to. help them, and was a plain indication that God desired them to be helped, and he would ever do it. (Applause). With regard to the criminal class, the work depended more upon the workers than on the machinery employed, and the Salvation Army had found that over 60 per cent of those who hod come under their care were reformed, and wero now earning honest livings. They found that 75 per cent of the fallen women who came under their ca.-e were induced to follow the paths of virtue. It was their intention in the future to ask for legislative assistance in the direction of preventing mon from falling into crime. It was necessary to find a comfortable and honourable class of work for these people to do. Thc cry that there were too many men was fallacious. When he was in Africa he found them crying out for people. His scheme was to take these people and put them on the land. He had an estate at the mouth of the Thames of which he was very proud. Four years ago he found a quantity of waste land there. He then went to London, where he found a large number of waste men as well os large quantities of waste money and waste manure. (Laughter.) He then mixed all these up together-(laughter)-and the result was a very prosperous farm. This farm or industrial settlement he wished to make the nursing-place for the oversea colonists. He had no doubt that in the course of three yeats they would be able to make their farm support over 1000 men, and pay 3J per cent on the capital expended. With regard to oversea colonists, he must reply that at present he did not know what country he would select. F.d had looked all over the world, and he thought that he would go back to his old love-Africa, though he had not finally decided. He believed that wherever that colony was planted that a State would be created out of a people that ns yet were not, and out of the love of God and by the help of the Holy Ghost. They had given him £112,000, and he had gone to work and pushed the scheme along ; but the public liad forgotten him, and had gone after something else. People said, " Where is the oversea colony ?" Well, he went on with his scheme uutil he .had spent £00,000 more than he had received. He concluded by earnestly emphasising the necessity of attending to the social work in these colonies, and resumed his scat amidst loud cheers. 