SHORT STORY, JACK PRICE. I)nly a Dock Hand, But He Gave His Life For Others. Isappoaon ot ono' "l a thousand ll cnro to read adeek hand's slory. l'eotlo roll ts coars anod vulgar. (irantlcd; but our work makes ns so. There are ladles, 1 fancy, who w ilt shudder at the thought of such a story, and eentleme who will dip into it carefolly,cx?pectiugi to find a stllrin of oaths. Judge for yu'aluelvo s whether this Ital of Jack Price, mny partner, is fit for refined NI, need to tell you of a leek hlnal's life. A Un1 that eats abolut in thie coll ad nrain, handlinog sleety ropes or ialanlcing himself on the gunwale of a coal bairge with twellty feet of swift, water under him, is not apt to he a pretty, kid.gloved, soft.voiced fellow. If his face is red it is because midwinter wilnds onil thIl Ohio are not good for the clmn. plexion. Iluedetls wtllh rough work and is rough himself ; but his heart is just about as alpt to be right as that of a member of l'rinrament or a judge. We starled from P'ittsburg on the George Intallond ill July, Jack and I. There wtas a big river, andwo adelu good timoto Louis. ville, where we shipped on the Charley ltobets, bound for Orleans. To say we found it hot on the Lower hlississippi gives no idea of the weather. lIalftho crew were unllt. for duty. One morning there was a whlesporing •mong thne be)s. " What's op,Jack?" said I. "Steve IRobiuson's down with swamp fever." The boys gathered in a knot aroutlnd the cnlptan. Ilefore long there was a panic anuong them. The mate shook his head and looked thoughtlfl. " The lman must be put ashore," said the captain. "No, air I" cried Jack I'iice. W" ho are Vou ?" "l'lain Jack Price; but Steve don't go ashore. It's ane outrage to think of doing it," " W\ho's to nurso him 1" "hle I" " lyoul knowr what swnmp fever is i" " til I know anythllllg " D oubntful." "I'll ulllrse Steve, I tell you I Wer'v made live trilps tIgetlcr, anld if he's put asltore hero in the swamllp I go with him." SYou it is," said tie enapltain, troh ning on hnis heel. "Nlot another man #oe0s into Steove's sllatreilnmI." Flor tell days Stove's room was qunaran ined. Nobolldy but Jack saw the Inside of It. \\\We saw Ihim sonieloties, carrying some thing to the sick lilne or sitting onl the glnals to getl Ibreatll of air; Ibut everyy soul on the blnt kept Out of his way. \11' all liked Jack, but the fever niht bei he his clOthe. le11 began to look pale,0 but he never grumbled. One iday the nIews came out to us that Steve was dead. A few hours after we burled him ou an i tslnao in the river in a pine box, and thie oll)y thing like a prayer said over hitm was from Jack : `,God help hies 1i" Thiu fever did not spread, anti we all breathed freer. A few ovenings after Steve's death I was on watch at the b1ead of tile tow, andi Jack was with I,. We were putling at tobies to keep oil tile mouipltoes. There was hazne over the wnlter, but th1e sttas were shinlng, and the broad river was itas quiet as a lake. "Jack," said I, " I've got a raging head. 0cha." "No?" said he, as If lie asked a ques tion. Ile took my hand and held it. "Not fever, l, it, Jack ?" " 00me u ai lie down," was his answer. A dizv.lness ecaoe over me, and, withoul Jnak's are to steady mct, 1 wonld never have reached lily bnlk. I remlember very little after that, 1 learned afterwards that I wits dellrlonu., but how long I clan not tell you. I relmeul her Jack's face llear tie at times no in (I drenm-the kinuliest face you ever saw, not blaulsolu, nmaybe, but a face with o0melO of God's gooltlnes inn it. Whllel I got back to reality again I found ,lick bending over me, .t was in the same miate. roenll, and I coull feel from the motion thlat tile boat was undller way. " low long liave I been here, Jack i" " Quite awhile, imy boy." "And where are wo?" "Not, far frol Illenmphis," " Going up or down I" "Going home, Don't talk if it tires you." W'ihklt was the matter with moe, Jack ?" 'A touch of fever: but you're better now." SCan't I look out, Jack? It will do me good to see the ell." , lie raised 1(le u1 as gently as, a womatl wouldl have done, and I looked out through the glass door of the state-room eagerly as a child. lad tho sin ever shone so brightly before? The low wooded sores looked like paradise. No ltonatnin stream over seemed so beautiful to me as the great muddy river. ",lJnck,"said I, when he had laid me down again, "'what can, I ever do to pay you ?" "1'ay me for whiat?" " Look at m0e; I'm thili as a ghost, I must have been elek a long time, You've pulled In tlhrough, Jlck." I've lulne nothing of the kind," said he, Inughlg. I uotteed for thle irst time how very thin nod iiched his face was. It seemed as if he hadl grownc old, ,. Look at me, Jack you've been the best friend 1 ever had. 110 Imde no answer, but took my hand and piressedl it. Itseemed no If n mist came between is, and 1 saw big tents standing in Jack's kindly 1 ?thought I'd got pnast this," aid heo, Nextl day hl-cname in smiling, with a letter and some oranges. l"I went oshnloneatn emphis,"he explained, "anl - flal a. letter Iroleat ster AnnIte Thelv're looking for nm homae" L' ell1 soon be'iu I'eonsylvania again, Jack." lie looked me full In lthe faeo and smiled. ls eyes rililled very largeo nnd his cheeks ween bloodless, itL snudtlened me to look at \- I must go now," said he. MII hope you will enjoy the oranges." -I wans nendlog faIst antd expected no be out very suon. Jack did not como again thlat dany, . Next morning thit cook brought 0le n1el001 ni-tea, . 1° Wnlro is Jack?" I nsked. SI tlloughilt of him il day, but he did not cotn, " ' Cook," sanil I, atlast, " LI want you to tellme tile trlthl abot tJack.!' , Din't yoU fret," lie aniswered, hi lut 1. llnlmst klow,"-' SWell, he's not able to bo about. " W'lere is he?"L "' In NnS. illit yo can't (go near him I lo'n got the feOer I "'helrioost .'Wouldn't know his own nilitmiori'L'- --' II Whmio's nursill'lln i i'" ,Inti-wilt'lit e " els. Wea can'l 1take a hospllnl out of til e C(Ilrloy Ciok tried toC stop me, but I staggered across the cabin into NuI. 8. I chld hardly recognize Jaolek as hlie lay on thie hlmik, hi fnce wan s I fliirished al hie oyes so I!ontOlebhat, 1Un l11ad il'ptlndl down ton weak ro takn hll clothes oal. I took his Iialtd Iil etiotl besidkle hI.im. ,anch, my i,ony ivot's wr.og 1" "Notllhng, nol,." ?eck lnever saidl Imouc, lIe was better at dotng ,than nyhlgtf. * .IXj~l~lu~d at the Pmnr fellnw hn deepesnr, lad nlever nnrered a? ic rpelson In lmy life. The ceaptin came in while 1 sat there. " We must have a doctor, captain," raid 1. " Mlight as well want a gold mine," he re. plied. " lt look at Jack, capltain. What can we do?" "I don't know." "Sn?l," anid Jack, looking at mo with a strange tepreesion, "you know may sister. Annie V" "Cueitt ly, Jack." " I walt you to tell me about me." " Yull will scnll see her, Jack." "No, Sam ; I'm going." " W\'it both going htome." "Yes, going lloiie. I'm tired I Tired I" " 'The rest, Jack. I shall be here." " Take my hand, Sam." "1 ihave your hand, ily boy. Try to sleep." "Yes," he went on, pointing, "there's Annie at the door. She looks more and ilore lilo molther as sihe grows olier. She's glad to see mn from the way site smiles." " Ilndeed sihe is, Jack." " That's Saml's voice; he got over the fever well. I believe I had it, too. ]lear old Point balkingat thogate; he'smost as glnd as Anlei to see ImeI back. Aht, Sam, it's good to be back in P'enusylvania-God's country I Annie I Annie I ' 110 fell back in a stupor, with his eyes set. I felt a spasm pass through his frame, after which his hand lay in mline like a life. less thingl. .1 looked up questioninglyat the captain. "God help him I le Is dead," "Oh, slrely notl" " Dead I" lie repeated. Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jnock was dend. " le iled working for others," said the captain, and in lieu of better words these must stand for his epitaph. I can only tell Jack's story in a plain way. 1 can not fill your eyes with tiear as mine are filled, as thero is no art. behinuld icy words, You reald of goo'l nen-nnsellsllii andt heroic men that pes sing of aneti his. torians inoetallos-- bit here the e wile Olle that nobody ever heard of. Who was tlhele to read a fuineral service over hini in a lonely place on the river hanlek next dal y? Who prayed over the rough pile box ? Not a pLrayer, not a IvhynIu at tile funeral only some tears that cuuei of gnonuinc grief. We left hliol there on the river ballnk with a piece of driftwood to ilmak his grave, which the next flied would sweep away. 1 found.' a little Ilower growinlg thecre-- violet,[ think, which I brought away for Annie. Jack was as onmecly a man asn ever you saw, a big, raw.hnied fellow, with a twinkle of the eye that nadle one laugh. lnHd you been hlnlltiig for a man of polish nld edit. cation yello woi d t not have picked him out. 111 he liad hall not been cultivated at the expense of hlil helrt. lie ned strong laln. gulace soelletCiies whenl a rope got tangled or the uitps worked hard or the coffee diln't suit hlii. I aii not trynig to picture hlli us perfect; I want you to know lim as lie was. Ills voice int a siek-rooml was as gentle nas a child'sl he lhl a big, tender heart, kindlier tian most wolmen have, and a land thant served a friend until ready to drop from weariness. I rcmembelr him as hie bent over ime while I lay helpless with fever, a kindly light bcniling in his face thantheu. titled It. I leared then how unsellish lie was, and ny heart went' out l himtn, as ynous would have gone ihad you known him. This was Jack at Ilis best. 