Dundee a cloud. ' OUAFTEH xnr. « Of course tlio nowsof Barbara's illnoss travollod to High Oliff Lorlgo, and nf- footod tlio throo women thoro in ' widely difloront fashions. Mrs. Jooolyn folt quito suro hor . brothor wns nt tlio bottom of tho mat- . tor, and folt indignant with him Cot risking disoovory and courting nond- less danger. Tho widow shrowdly suspootod Bnrtio, as sho oallod him, had ongagod liunsolf both to Barbara Follow os and to Olivo, but, boiug a woman with a koon oyo for tho maul ohanco, she preform! him to koop tlio lnttor oontraot. Olivo Durant wns both rioh and genorous, If sho rofusod to mnrry Bortio bIio oouhl niako lnin, by a stroko of hor pon, indopnndont for lifo, mid could provulo handsomoly for his sis- : tor. i PoorBnrbara Follnwos ponsossod iiii . Suoh magic powor. Sho had already helped hor rooronnt lovor to tho ut most of hor moans. Sho had n father and brothor: doterminod to avongo tboniBolvos on Lang if possiblo, nt any longth of time, so tho widow considorod it foolish of hor brothor to venture nonr tho Towers, and much proforrod hor own sohoiho for his visiting High Oliif Lodgo. ! " Alioo-Molvillo wns vory sorry for ' Mi$s-,Followos' illness ; but then sho , had boon a more child at tho timo of 'fiprbarn's former troublos, and bIio novor for an instant suppnsod tho old causa was at tho bottom of hor Buddon : dangor. i As for Olivo Durant, sho soomod complotoly upsot by tho nows. Ever sinoo sho had hoard Bnrbnra's story,! . hor lovo for hor had boon mingled with doop compassion. Olivo would have given hor own lifo froolv for tho womnn who hnd found hor in tlio Bnow, taken hor homo, and treated hor as a sistor. Hor first words wore that she would go to tho Towers and bog to assist in the nursing. 'If you only saw yourself, dear,; you would novor think of such a thing,' ; said Alioo, fondly. ' Why, Olivo, you look lilco a littlo white ghost. You are as fit for sick nursing . as I nm to bo, prime minister.' ' 'Miss Durant must not think of suoh a thing,' said Mrs. Jooolyn, who folt that, with Olivo domioilod at the Towers,' all hor own plans would go nskow. ' I nm suro her aunt would bo soriously displonsod if I allowed it.' ' Alice folt indignant nt this speooh, ; but wisoly hold hor tongue. Sho found hor cousin, gontlo and considor- \- nto as slio Roomed, wns quite able to ndmiuiBtor the Bnub so riolily desorvod. 'I think,' drawing lior slight figure to its full height and speaking calmly, but' with ohilling courtesy, ' you! are undor a mistako, Mrs. Jocelyn ; there is no quostion of your " allowing" or forbidding nny thing I do.' . : Mrs. Jocelyn's thin faoo flushed with nngor. ' Mrs. Wyndham engaged me,' she began, but Olivo interrupted hor. ; 1 ' My aunt could not give you a powor sho liab not herself. I nm of ago. MrR. Jocelyn, and my own mis tress. You oame boro to not as oliap- oron to my cousin and myself, but I novor dreamed of admitting your right to diotnto my actions. If you consider yonrsolf bound to do so, wo bad bet tor part.' Mrs. Jocelyn bogan to ''whimper. ' Of course, in my dependent posi tion I oan bo trampled on and insulted. I hnvo dono mv utmost to promote your comfort; aud now you turn round and talk of our parting.' , ' I havo no wish to trample on nny- ono,' said Olivo; quietly,: ' but I must bo mistress of my own actions, and if you think it your duty to remonstrate with mo, I repeat wo had bettor part.' 'I won't say , anothor word,' said iSlrs; Jooolyn ; 'if you will go. to tho xowors ana nu- yoursoir, way you jfaust. 'My kind ataxioty is only, misi understood.'- . ; Olive' put -ber hand on-bor cousin's Bhouldor; arid led tho way to 'tho pretty gardens; thoy sat down on. two chairs placed bonenth a spreading chestnut! . . troo, nud for a little while neither of them spoke. -At last Olivo asked, gravely, — 'Alico, do you liko Mrs. Jocelyn ?' ' Alloc hositatcd, hnd thou,- woman-- like, unsworod the quostion by another./ v.' Do you know, Mr.'Feilowos asked' mo that quostion the, very first time ho saWhor.' ' ' ; 'Please don't fence with me, Ally; I want your real true opinion. Do you' like lior?!- ' ''Well, then, I don't. At first, wliou we, sa w, hor in 'London, I thought hor charming ; then whon we onmo down hero I was not so sure, and this morning ner taoe positively, trignt- onod me. She looked as if slip could kill you.' . .Olive hesitated. : ' Will you think mo very olumge- nblo ? I wns delighted with her at first, nnd now — I am afraid of her.' 'Olivo!' V. ' It is quite true, Alice,'' the' girl's fnco grow whiter as she spoko. ' I am' not like you; dopr; you nood not' fear nnyono, bocauso your past is an open book with no ' sad ' secret in it. But I — I lmvo to he careful whom I trust — and I don't trust Mrs. Jocelyn.' Alioo 'looked very grave.' ' 'Neither do I,' she said at last. ' Now, Olive, give me your reasons first, and then I' will tell you mine.' ' I don't think she is sincere'-; and I \- have found her once or twice, listening at tho door when you and I wore talk ing nlono together. Then/she contra dicts herself. Tho story sho told us about that gentleman who came to soo hor tho other day wns quito diffor- ont to' tho ono sho told tho vicar. And I havo found out. that sho writes log; letters ovory woek to Mrs. W_yadhain>'- ' I am A'Urtr 'she is not sincere,"' agreed Alice; though' I. can't "toll, you whon I first, found it out. Porcy Followos' questions sot mo thinking. Ho said sho hover looked, anyone in the face, and that was a sure sign of boing do- ooitful. Boforo that I had only no- ticod sho soomod always asking you for things.' 'Not asking,' oorrootod Olivo, 'hint ing.' ' Well, it's the samo tiling. I sup- poso Poroy's questions mndo mo anx ious, nnd I took to watching hor. Sho seems nlways prowling about at night, nftor wo aro in bod. I find nono of tlio sorvunts can boar hor. Than it camo into my bond suddonly bow littlo wo know of hor. You know Aunt Grace never wroto to her roforoncos ; in fnot sho novor gnvo any ; she only said alio was nearly related to Lady Tollington, nnd, as Undo Tom lias boon tho Earl'gjawyor for yoars, Aunt Grace thoiiglfWliat, enough.' . Olivo hardly followed out this line of argumont ; sho said honvily, — don't want to say anything against hor ; slio may bo everything olso dosirnblo in n chaporori,.but sho is .not quito straightforward — I can't trust hor.' ' I haven't finished,' said Alioo, simply. ' I looked in tlio poorago ono day, and I found that Lady Tollington was a Miss Jooolyn.' ' Til at proves that sho really is cori- nootod with tlio Oountoss; she ib most likolv lmr sister-in-law ?' ' Yob ;' Alice was flushing painfully ; ' but I mentioned tho Tollingtons ono day to Mr. Armitage. and h9 knows thorn quite well. Ho says thoy aro tbo most charming pair bo ever mot, and that Lady Tollington is not a bit ashamod of having oarned her living boforo hor marriage. Now, Olivo, thnt does not ngroo with Mrs. Jocelyn tolling us thoy would bo annoyed . at hor taking a situation !' ' No.' ' Mrs. Jooolyn never mentions her husband .... . A .Mr. Armitage told rao tho ono sorrow of Lady Tollington's lifo wns hor brother's sad death. He oommittod suioido, Olivo, and ho wns drivoti to it by his wife's oruol, reckless oonduot; she ran him into debt and. disgrace, nnd thon established a pri- : vnto gambling saloon ; tho police had their evo on it for , a long time,: as cheating was suspootod, and one night thoy tnado a raid on it, and Mr. Jooo lyn (ho had boon obligod to leave the army), shot himself to avoid being takeu." \ . Olivo drew hor breath in short, pain ful pants, 'And you think-——' ' I tliink Mrs. Jocelyn is his widow and that sho oausod his death.' ' Alioo, don't, it is too drendful.' \- Alios put one arm round her cousin fondly. ' Don't tremble so, darling, Mrs. Jooolyn oan't harm you. Don't you sop, Olivo, that if anything happened to you sho would loso a hundred a yoar'nnd a vory comfortable homo.' ' I fool as if I never oould take her lmnd again,', said Olivo,, 'Oh! Alioe, juu uliu u ivuuw, jfkju uuu 1/ uuuoiouuuu ; how niuoli misery oomos from gambling, and that a woman should lure men to thoir ruin. Oh, shame — sliame !' ; Alioo was frightonod at hor agitation nnd the offoct it might havo on the ; fragile frame. . ' Olivo, dear,' slip whispered, ' ho bravo. If you don't like Mrs. Jooolyn it is quite easy to Pond her away. You have what somo call fabulous wealth; even if Mrs. Jooolyn demanded: her salary to Michaelmas and a quarter's notico besides, it would only be fifty pounds.' But I could never tell her. I .spoko hravoly enough to-day, but then I- didn't know tho sort of woman she .was si. oould not toll her. now/ that I had found hor, out.'. \- 'Do you know nnyono in England, ; Olivo?' - :- /'No/ono who oould help mo.' /Alioe gnvo 'a littlo sigh.- ; ' Didn't you i toll mo , you trnvellod from the. Capo with, a vory kind old /lAiitrln '-Vv ' v v 1 ; v : ' Elderly,' oorrootod Olivo. ' Yes, Dr. and- Mrs. Ourtis ; thoy nro living at Norwood . now. : I went, to. see them whon T was at Pong© but ' thoy were away.' - ; " . -,V :: - , -WellJ' said Alico' bravoly, ' got thoui to ask you to stay with them for a fortnight or'bven a woek whon you aro safely at Norwood, write and tell Mrs. Jocelyn your plans- are changed, in fnot give hor notice.' ' ' But would she go ?' , . 'She would liavo to,' said Alico, simply, ' don't you soo if yo'u: sent hor a cheque for' hor salary arid intimated the Lodge would be closed in a day or two sho oould have, no exouso to linger.' ' I think I will try your plan, Alioe,' said Olive Durant, ' but what about you?', ; ' OK! " I shall not mattor,' said Alioo, uiuYuijr, a uuu uuu iv iu auut Grace.' - ' - ' - ; 'You shall do no buoIi thing, you shall ; join mo in London as soon as Mrs.,- Jooolyn is gone, or— — are you afraid ot being hero when sho gets my lotter." . 'Not afraid; it won't bo vory ploiisant, but I dnrosay it will blow over., .You see, Olive, I know uoarly every creature io tho plaoo. ' Dr. Harloy would ooino and "Hoad tho Kiot Aot " to Mrs. Jocelyn for me, if I askod hiin.' ' Well, we'll drive up to the Towers to inquire , for poor Barbara,'' said Olive, . ' arid, when yve got haok I'll write to Mrs. Ourtis.' Mrs. Jooolyn was deeply annoyod when sho saw tho cousins drive ofE in the little pony, carriago ; things were not going at all to hor satisfaction. Barbara Followos's illness was em barrassing, for tlio chnporon hail calculated on the girls going over to lunch at tho Towers, whon ' Mr. Mor ton ' could have boon ndinittod in thoir absonco. Now thoro would cortniuly bo no set invitations givori for somo tirao to copie. and Bertie would bo getting iinpntiont ; besides, many trifles ivarnod tho wily widow that dolny was dangerous. Slio knew that Olivo Durant had not forgiven her speooh of tho morning and that it was in tlio girl's powor to dismiss her at nny timo. Miss Armitago coming up to call found Mrs. Jocolyn working industri ously at somo art oinbroidery ,and was vory affahlo. Having boon frankly told tlint the widow disapproved of second marriages, Ponolopo folt no danger for Nool in boing ngroenblo to hor, nnd Bftvo for hor overweening anxiety for hor beloved brother tho old maid was by no moans hnrd-hoarted or unfeel ing. Sho ' took up,' Mrs. Jooolyn bo causo she pitiod hor, not peroeiving what a vory oomfortablo post tho widow hnd, and also, just a littlo in a spirit of opposition bocauso tho vicar hnd said bluntly ho oould not,; bear hor. ' By the way,' said Miss Penelope, ' that delightful friend of yours, Mr. Morton, is over at Hioril Cliff to-dnv. Noel met him in 'tho village just boforo I started.' , The girls were going to do a littlo shopping after tho call at tho Towers, and as t.ho town wns somo miles off, Mrs. Jocelyn folt safe till lunch timo. Miss Ponolopo's manner was most affablo, and sho decided to make a tool of tlio old maid. ' I wish I had met Mr. Morton,' sho said frnn'rly, 'for there aro several littlo business mattors I want to talk to him about, ho was such a friend of my poor husband's; ' Suroly ho will call hero,' said Miss Armitage. ' He will hardly venture to do so uninvited, he is bo vory punctilious, and, indeed, Miss Durant has such an aversion to Africa— though' she has spent nearly all her life there — that L should not venture to invite anyone just returned from tho Cape. But to day- every thing would have fitted in beautifully, for she and her cousin will not be home till lunoh time.' ' It's barely eleven now,' said Miss Armitago, rising to go. Hor oalls wore generally paid at unusual times. ' I tell you what, if I moot Mr. Morton again shall I just give him a hint you aro at homo alone and would like to see him ?' ' I should be so thankful 1 Ah, Miss Armitago, you oan't understand the trials of a dependent position. Mr. Morton wns like an older brother to my dear husband, yot 'for the onprioo of a mere girl, I may not show him the least attention, or even have tho consolation of talking with him of tho past.' ' Thoro, there, don't fret,' said Miss Penelope, as the widow dried her imaginary tears with a very small hnndkorohief. 'I'm almost suro to meet him, and I'll send him up . direotly.' Loft alone Mabel Jooelyn person ally inspcctod the ' li/ht oloset'' in her own room, whioli sho intended ns her brother's hiding-plnoe. It was Cer tainly a pity oiroumstanoes had caused uis liiipriHuiiinttuu tu uuiu »u uaiiy. Had the call boon in the afternoon his confinement would only have lasted five hours, now it would be fully nino. She removed a few of tho dresses so as to lenve ample room, brought some wino and a box- of biscuits from the buffet in the dining-room, and having : thus prepared for her prisoner's orea- tnro comforts .alio walked : down tlio corridor to Olive's room ; . it was un- luoky. for her purpose that thoro wore two apartments botweon Olive's and her own. Still more unlucky that she ! did not know if Miss Durant was in the habit of looking her door. ' I must make sure of it,1 she said to herself,' putting the key in her pocket ; ;if she did look it our game would be up. I hope she . won't make a fuss when she finds the key gone. Still I shouldn't think she was in the habit of looking the door ; few girls do. I only hope' Alice Molville is a heavy sleeper, for Bertie must go past hor door.- Would it bb safe, I wonder, to .give uoi u iuuu uusu ; ii pmuii ui something in her ten ? better not, per haps, that girl is as sharp as a needle,- and I am pretty sure she has not much faith in mo already.' Miss Armitage was as good as " lior word, and in less than half-an-fionr from hor departure, ' Sfr.'. Morton was announced. 'You don't look, well, Mab,' ho snid, -as soon as they were - alone, giving lier a careless kiss. ' What's the matter ?' 'How can I look well when you run suoh needless risks ? Whnt in the world induaed you to go arid see Bar bara Followos, arid frighten her into an illness ?' . ' I didn't " go to see lier," she met me by appointment, and a nioe little sum rewarded me for the enterprise. While the corn's growing the steed starves. Mah, I oan't live on air wnuo you re geinng ronuy ior iuo grand meeting with Miss Durant !' , ' It had better be to-night.' ' The sooner tho better. I can as sure you I shall be thankful to get out of this neighbourhood.' ' And you mean to ask for five- hun dred pounds?' ' Five thousnnd,' ho retorted, ' she's so rich she'll novor miss it, and I fancy my lady will give even that sura gladly to bo rid of rao. I don't soo why I shouldn't make hay when tho sun shines. In a year or two Olivo Durant may have found out how rauoh sooioty forgives to an heiress — she won't he so ready to come down with hush money thon.' ' Or sho may havo found out about Barbarn Followes.' ' Sho must kuow of that old affair already,' lie said carolossly, ' anyone in tho neighbourhood could tell her.' ' Woll, I really think you had bet tor bo introduced to your hiding-plaoo ; in a fow minutes tho sorvarits will bo passing through the hail preparing lunch.' ' Do send tho household to bed oarly(' expostulated. Lang, 1 why it's barely one, I shnll have nino mortal hours of it.' 'I'll do mv host,' sho returned, ' nud, romombor, Bortio, wo strind or fall to gether. If you got this— this windfall, I'll throw, up my, post horo nnd join you abroad." I'm about tired of res pectability.' onapteb xiv. Tho gravity whioli hung ovor Olivo Durant all the morning increased as they drew near the Towers. She had received so much kindppss from, the family there that she could . not hear to think of the shadow - which hung over the grand, old house. In .tho avonuo they mot Porcy, and Alioe, who was driving, having learned the accomplishment recently, drew rein at onco. Olive's quick eyes decided that some thing moro than his sistor's illness must have happoned to change him thus. Ho looked positively haggard. His fnco was like thnt of one in sortie terrible danger, who in vain raoked his brain to find somo chanco of os- enpo. Alico Molvillo wns troublod too, for she folt no light cause oould havo brought thnt fearfully anxious look to his dark oyos. Finding that Olive was silont aad trembling from: head to foot, tho youngor girl took tho inquiries on herself. ' Wo have como to ask after Bar bara. Wo only heard of her illness this morning.' 'She is just the same,' replied Peroy. ' Sho novor closed her oyos all' night ; even tho professional nurse, who is used to sad sooneB. says it is painful to watch her. Her face is so full of earnestness, hor eyes so full of pleading, and yot she cannot speak to tell us what she wants; and whon, we ask hor to try and make a sign we should understand, our voices- do not soom to ronoh hor.' A spnBra, as of oonvulsive pain, crossed Olive Durnnt's faco as she said.— ' Whon did it hnppon ? We only hoard tho news this morning, and even'1 then we did not know what was the matter.' I think no one quite knows that,' said Percy gravely. 'She was out alnno yestordny, and sho was brought homo unoonsoious. Dr. Harley talks of some groat montnl shook ; but for Barbara's own sake if she recovers we want as little gossip as possible as to tho nature , of the illness, nnd my mother has spoken of it to tho servants as syncope from which my sister has suffered before.' . ' She has looked terribly ill lately.' 'Yes,' he sighod, ' and you, too, are palor and more delicate-looking than when you first settled at High, Oliff Lodge, Miss Durant.' 'I am not ill,' said Olivo, gently. ' Thoro are worso troublos than bodily ailments, Mr. Followos.' '' . f To he continued. J. 