| Josli Billing's on Cats. I have studdyed cats elussly fur years a ltd have found them adikted tew a wild state. Tha haiut got affecshnu or virtew of enny kind ; tha will skratch their best friends and won't ketch mice unless they are hungry. It haz bin sed that tha are good tew make up into sassages, but this z a grate mistake. I have bin told by a sassage-miker tha don't kompare with dogs. There iz one thing sartin, tha are very anxious tew live. Yu may turn one inside out and hang hint up by the tale, and az sure az yu are out ov sight he will manage tu turn a buck somerset and cum around awl rite m a fu nays. -It very hard work tu luoze a era. If one gees curried oph in a bag hi mistake a grate ways into the kuntry it wont sta lost- onla a short time, but soon appear to make the family happy with its presence. Old maids are verry fond ov cats, for the rea son, I suppose, that cuts never marry ir tha hav ever so good a chance. There iz one thing about cats I clou't like : if you step on their tales by aoksident they git mad rite oph and make a grate fuss about it. There iz anuther thing about them which makes them a good in vestment tor poor folks. A pair ov cuts wiilyield each year, without any utlay, something like eight hundred per cent. It iz a verry siugular fack that cats don't like a mill- pond ; I newer kuu one tu git drowned hi acksident. They luv cream, but it s terns tu be agin their relulgin tew tech soap. Cats and dogs hat newer been able tew agree on the main question ; tha both seem tew want the uffirmotiff side tew onst. I think f i <v<uld have my way thare wouldo'. e note ours born, unless tha could show n om'bificate ov good moral karakter. There iz one thing more about cats which seems tew nte tew be awl affectashnu, and that is makin sich a confounded noise under a feller's winder o' nights, and then call it mnsik. If i was tew have my choice between a cat and a striped snake i would pt-efur the snake, bekaso I eould get rid ov the snake by letting him go. Thete aint no sartin way to kill a cat. If you git one worked up into sassuge, an' yu think yu are awl rite, jest as likely as no it will kum tew an' take off a whole lot ov good sassages with it. These are mi views about cats, rather hastily hove together, and if i aint sed enuff agin them it is only bekase i lack the informashun. A Victorian exchange publishes a cable gram to the effect that Le Var, who was one of the favorites for the English Derby,, met with an accident on the track prior to the race. While Le Var was being exercised a bicyclist, crossing the ground at a rapid pace, came into collision with him. The cyclist was thrown down and both his legs were broken, and Le Var sustained injuries which put a.i end to his. ch»nces of winning the Blue Riband. The fourth horse in the race on the occasion was Rockhampton. ' It will be remembered that a man named William Humphries, who w is also known by the name of Robertson, arrived by the German steamer Sachsen some weeks ago, when he was arrested on a charge of forgery committed in Carnar vonshire, Wales. News of his arrival having been telegraphed to "England, Con stable Thomas Jones, of Cricoieth, who knew the prisoner, was despatched to take charge of him. He left London by the P. & O. steamer Britannia on April 26. The boat arrived last Sunday afternoon, June 2nd. On Tuesday afternoon Hum phries was brought before the Police Court, and remanded to the place where the warrant was issued. On Wednesday Constable Jones sailed for England with his prisoner, after having been less than three days in the col >ny. A peculiar ghost storv comes from Singleton, New South Wales. Some years ago a man, Yickeiy, was said to have "disappeared, and foul play was sus pected. Lately strange lights and appar itions have been seen, and oue well-kn wn resident, it is said, actually met a ghost and tried to tap it on the shoulder. He failed, however, his hand going through nothing. The Rev. J. Coneland lias just returned from the New ITm-riffi's. FT-- thiA-s the is'amls have a gi-ear f-nrs '-e r them in the fruit-growing in. In -t>-y. Fruit ripens there quicker than in Australia, and is of finer flavor. An export trade in oranges has been already established. A Kanaka, suspected of leprosy was dis covered on ' plantation at Mackay Queensland, on .Tune 4. The health officers there reported that it is undoubtedly a case of If-nnv-'v, and u qunntiiv of serum has !>"> : - If I to Brisane for exam mat ion. 