CHAPTER XI. Wiokborough was one of those old-fashioned towns which the fruitful stream of traffio had touched but lightly. No manufactories were to be seen it j no iron furnases glowed in. the peaceful twilight ; no tall chimneys disfigured the landscape, or sbot forth their black smoke over the fertile meadows. The broad river flowing silently along was spanned by a handsome bridge, and close by stopd tho Wiokborough flour-mills, into which the Wick kept continuallg tumbling. It gave a pic turesque appearance to tho town, which .in itself was too solid tc pleaso an artistic eye ; but there were spots here and there which would, as tbo saying goes, ' moke a picture ' — as, for instance, the hill whioh led up to the old Abby whore once upon a time tbe jolly monks of Dobden sang their matins and gavo charity doles, but whioh was how the lavorito resort of the townsfolk for picnics aud parties of pleasure. The Wiokborongh Bank stood in tho High.streer, and was an imposing bnilding, with its stone front aod fluted columns on either side of the entrance. Here banked all the principal ..country families— solid, higb olssa gentry, whoso places lay all through the rich-lowlands, of the oounty of Wickbatn. Wickborough,;ljke .all .townB of its kind, bad its social magnates, towards whom the smaller gentry- tdrnedjor pptioe, much as the sunflower tains to ibaVgreat luminary for expansion. First amongst these was the Earl of Wickbam, whose fine old Castle had its historical 'traditions, its ?. picture-gallery, and family ghost. From. the handsome; bridge its torrents oould be seen embosomed -in masses of dark 'green foliage during the summor season; and it was duly pointed out to every .stranger whom cbanoo brought to Wiokborongh. He would ho told how, if he took a'flyand- drove-up tliither.'he would see the room in which Henry VIII once slept on a, royal- progress. So too would he bear of .'.'the nicked Earl,', the nan who st rock down tl;e wispigter who ?»hp £ajne |o. .rempojtrate «ith him respecting his wild life — struok him an be stood upon tbe green, lawn in front of tho steps ol the Dastle terrace— and how, as the holy man lay dying, he gave utteranoe to this remarkable prophecy — tbat .never wonld. a b)»de ,of gr'aa grow! where he lay, not hsneefcrth .should an Barl of Wiokham die_a natural death. And the prophetio worda had been verified. All that human ingenuity could .do had been done to;nak« the graBs grow, but in vain ; and, with re curd to their death*, for generations tbe liirls bad ftllfillod. the prophecy. 'J9dme had boon-killed in batilo, one in. a due)/ two in the I'liiningfield, and so on .iliroogb the long r II, untii the last, and then the prophecy had ?t uk'en tho -for no of wholesale slaughter. The last representati^of tbe. doomed family had, «itb,:lns two SO.OS, beon drowned when on a |ileasur«-trip not ^afyoar bagk( and (^be title nnd estates had passed to d distant, and, re port 'said, ob'sonre individual— a billiard marker, some people averred ; but then gossip is ever ill-natured, and a suddon rise Id life is nore to btinga ci-r;aiD throwing ol dirt upon the uprisen. . (To be oootiBued.) -. ?\\.-J- 