. TRANSPORTED: THE ROMANCE OF A CON VICT SHIP. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. '(chapter xliii.— she sees Captain i ROTGH AND MR. NODDER AGAIN. Mr. Bates and the others were a long tlpie in the hold; they found trouble in getting at; the goods thoy wanted. I cleared the table and tidied the oubin, hot with thought all the time I worked. If Botch and Nodder were truly on cue is land, and wc got them into the brig, how >x>uld this amazing adventure end? Meanwhile I held off from Tom; I heard fcfm walking overhead; the schemo he hlm- soU lighted on was sure to prove the best; and I guessed when he wanted me he iwould seek me. At last Bates «uu ene lsianacrs came out of the hold. Tom descended the steps to talk with them, and I walked out to bear what passed. "Captalu," said Peter Green, "vc vhas glad to exchange mit a lccdle of vhat ve hav seen. Dere vhas some goodt useful shirts; und ve find der' boots und flannel joost vhat vc'U be taukful for in a month or two." "Very well," said Tom, who now had himself .wholly under control; "the ar- 'rangcments will stand thus, Mr. Green; I'll take a three mile oiling and hcave-to .till daybreak. You'll then come off in your wbaleboat with all you're able to carry, and bring some hands to carry our boat ashore for fresh water. If? the hoso still caunected with the cascade?" "Aye, sir.", said old Daly. "Boats water lying outside the surf?" i "Dot vhas so," said Peter Green. ' "Well, when you've victualled and wa tered us. you'll bring off the three men who want to get away." "Vhore vhas you bound to agin, cap- rlain?" said Peter Green. "Acb! my me mory. ' "To Capetown." answered Tom, quick In Ihis answer, as the report after the flash. "'Will that suit them?" "Dey vhas very grateful. Und so vhas ve. For language of dat Captain Rotch does not always' please Governor Glass. Ho vhas impatient, und vhas not onough t.ankful to Gott for his life. But den, poor Vloyfil, he" has a vlfe und shilds at home; unci den again he has lost 'his ship mit a goodt deal of property for a hard-verking seafaring man." After a little more conversation to this effect, tko islanders got their boat along side, shook hands with us all, and went viway. It was hard upon five o'clock. All day long a light breeze had been blowing. Now and again tho water crisped friskly close off the island, as though to a down- rush of cold breeze from the giant moun tain slopes; but the spread of air was lo cal, and no break of it came within a mile of the brig. The sky was pure cloudless blue— Lhe rich sky of tho antipodean sum mer — and the ocean flowing stately, in majestic folds of swell, was, at this hour, of a most lovely violet color. The beauti ful tint of sea and sky was in tho atmos phere, and tinged the lofty mass of moun tain to its snow line. The vapor of the morning had dissolved upon that emin ence. it now stood in naked, lovely gran deur; the westering sunshine flung a faint, delicate. dye of rose upon the snow on top; and the' same fair tint lived in the line of foam that boiled the length of tho whole base of the bit of solitary land. Tho white wbaleboat making for the island showed like a melting snowfiako as she rose and sank upon the blue heave. "We'll head out three miles, Bates," said Tom, "and then sit down and talk." The maintopsail was swung, and the brig's jib-boom slowly rounded into the north. I went to the galley to see to the fire, and boil water for tea. While the brig was crawling for the offing Tom need ed. I' prepared a meal; and, by the time eshe was brought to a stand, supper was on the cabin table. There was nothing in sight— no feather-tip of remote ship's can vas—nothing but that mountain of Tristan d'Acunha, now darkening low down, then strangely glowing to the snow with gleams here and there, as of waterfalls. The helm was secured. The brig was under topsails and foresail only. Small need for a constant lookout on such a bright, calm, sweet eveniug as this. We seated ourselves at the table; but neither Bates, nor 'Will, nor myself broke the si lence, till Tom spoke. "Some wonderful things hnvo happened," said he, "since the convicts seized the ship; but nothing so wonderful as those jnen being on the' island I meant to hido myself in." "It's God's doing," said the mate. Tom inclined his head. "There's no doubt of their being the right men, d'ye think, sir?" exclaimed Will. ' , 41 "Tho Arab Chief, my lad, and Rotch and Nodder! Oh, no doubt, Johu- St"You'll not take it amiss, Butler," said the mate, "if 1 ask what notions you ve formed, what resolutions may have come into your head?" "First, as to receiving them on board, said Tom, speaking quietly and leisurely, though there was a look In his face which put an accent and meaning into his words that the ear, with tho eyes closed, would not have caught. "I must be out of sight. Glass may come off; I'll lie up m my cabin, and sham indisposition. Should Glass come I'll' talk to him in my berth. You'll receive the men, and attend to all that needs looking after, until the island ers go and sail's trimmed. I'll then show myself." He looked at mo as ho said this, and smiled. "I quite understand," said Mr. Bates. "You can leave overythiug to mc." "Bates, t would trust you with my life." Ho paused with his eyes fixed upon the mate. "Afterward, you're thinking?" he continued. "Well, that may be as it shall turn out, but I've sworn this by my heart, by that lady there, and by my Maker, that, having them, I'll not let go of them, .Bates, tilk they've signed a declaratiou of my 'innocence, and their own villainy, witnessed by all hands; that, having them," he repeated, with the blood mounting into his face, and his eyes glowing as though he were in a high fever, "I'll keep them on the high-rcas to givo them time to sign: failing which, I'll hang them at the yardarms of this brig though it should come to my going to the South Sea to find savages for their executioners." The fire, the. passion, the intensity with which he spoke these words made his delivery tragically startling and impres sive. Bates's countenance fell; Will was pale and alarmed; my own spirit was in hot sympathy with Tom's; I felt all his rage, and his resolution to givo the two devils the alternative of confessing tho truth or of being hanged worked in me like a strong and flaming drink, and ran my blood in fire to my very finger ends. "You're never in earnest, Butler?" said tho mate in a low voice. Tom scowled at him. "Why, man, consider; put your respec tability on' ooo. side and reflect — those two fellows swore me into gaol, Into tho hulk, Into the convict ship, into long months of association with felons whose crimes — many of them — baroly stopped short of murder. It is to their training of mc they'll owe their hanging if it comes to it. They've mudc a devil of me. They shall iind mc a devil." Mr. Bates glanced at me somewhat ner vously, and said, "Well, Butler, first lot's got them; then we shall be sure they're the men; , and when we've got them we must hope they'll confess." "They'll not go out of this ship alive, unless they confess," said Tom. Tt they confess under terror, will their coniesslon help you, sir?" said Will. "Jobnstoue is ' the son of a lawyer, Bates." said Tom. "But there's good sense in the ques tion. Butler," said the mate. "They may swear their confession was a lie; that they were forced Into tolling it by your threats to hang them." "Tho terms of the confession shall pro vide against that, aud every man in this ship shall witness it. Lot them confess; 1 11 take my chance of what may follow." "Will Itptch and the other be free here, Tom? I asked. "No." "Then we remain short-handed as be fore.- suid Will. There's a seaman along with the two — youve forgotten him," exclaimed Tom. II o ' 1 1 make four, and Marian live." "Where do you proposo to head when you start?" exclaimed tho mate. "North, Batos, I can't keep you and young Johnstone at sea. Not likely! ou 11 help mo io work tho brig as far as soundings: then go ashore m what ever-will take you. along with the yarn thai, we ll mnnulncmrc before that Liine. ' "What'll you do?" said the mate. "Oh. keep the sea— keep tho sea until Botch and 'Nodder confess. Eh. Marian! | This .brig's a tight little homo for us. as " safe a retreat in its way as the island: I helping us to such an issue of truth, or j justice, or retribution as wc should never J bo able to work out In ulass' settlement. Eh. my bravo girl? As lief be hero as on i a. rock: and men me delights of a devil's cruise with our Lvo Old Hnilev witnesses ! under hatches! Whv. 'twould bo like ) ol lie 111 bo pretty ace. lively ihat wo :n av grieve when l.hc rogucc cqmossiou onus it." : "We'll take Miss Johnstone ashore with us," said Bates, "when tho timo comes for us to go." I looked at him with a frown; Tom's oye was upon me, and he laughed, but with little merriment. "You and MarianTl never handle this brig alone," said Will. Tom was looking at mc, and pretended not to hear him. Bates left the table to see that alt was right with the little vessel. By the time he returned Tom's mood had changed. He spoke quietly and without the least temper of tho moi row's arrangements. It was dark by the time the talk had end ed. I lighted the cabin lamp, Will the bin nacle lamp; and Tom and Bates walked the roof of tho deckhouse in earnest talk. Will beckoned mc out of the cabin to where ho was standing, near the wheel, and said softly, "Marian, beware of Tom; he's been driven mad." "No more mad than you are," said T. "What does he mean by talking of swinging the two men?" "I'll help him If he asks. me," said I. "And be hanged. This is what comes of following a convict's fortunes. He speaks of himself as a devil. He talks like one, anyhow. Worst of all, he's making you one. There shall be no hanging, by God, if I'm here to stop it, though Butler should pistol me for Interfering!" "You're excited, and I'll not talk with you." "Mustn't he be mad," he exclaimed, care ful, however, to keep bis voice sunk, "to threaten to sail about with you alone in this brig til! the fellows under hatches, as he calls It, confess? Suppose thoy make up their minds to see which will tire first? Besides, how arc two of you to sail a brig of this bulk? Why, his island scheme was beautiful sanity alongside this last bit of roaring madness." "I'll ask you to mind your own business," T cried. "Have you a heart? Have you any capacity of feeling? Did those two fellows spare Tom? Book what they've brought him to. And shall we not right ourselves in our own fashion if the chance offers? Wear irons, as Tom has, sweat in forced labor in a convict's dress, be ruined, de graded, broken-hearted, yet innocent, as Tom is, and imagine the villains who false ly swore you into ruin, misery, exile, in your power. Would you damp their pale brows with lavender water, wash their weary feet, offer them your forgiveness with caresses, promise to plead for them in vour prayers? Pshaw! You're no man, Will." I swung on my heels In a passion and left him. That evening, until 10 or thereabouts, we sat in the cabin. I believe Tom guessed what was in Will's mind. The lad had a bright, handsome face. A little thing would bring his heart into bis eyes, and all that he felt he looked, with color, with paleness, with wild stares, as when he came to mo after seeing Lieutenant Chimmo murdered, with a fino light of merriment when he was amused. For the first time I could re call, my sweetheart went carefully, and with scarce any temper, through the story of Rotch's accusation. He related how he had punished' the man for rudeness to a young lady at a South American fandango; how he had reported him, and lost 'him his berth, for sleeping while on duty, and for other reasons. He exactly described how tho treacherous, shocking conspiracy against him had been worked out. and ex ecuted by Rotch, with the help of Nodder; how the holes had been pierced by Rotch, the auger hidden in his (Tom's) cabin, the lazarette entered by Rotch when there was no sort of stores in it at that time to war rant the visit. He said he never under stood why Nodder conspired against him. lie supposed Rotch had tempted the beast with drink, with an offer of money, and the promise of a mate's place in the bark if he (Rotch) got command. . With his eyes fixed upon Will, he drew a few pictures of his sufferings in jail, and of his life in the hulk. Bates listened closely. The worthy fel- 1 low was stirred to the heart by Tom's simple recital of his wrongs and sufferings. Will's face flushed with sympathy and tem- 1 per as he listened. I see his looks now, as he leaned on the table under the cabin lamp, with his eyes moistening at intervals. As for me, I sat quiet till Tom had done, though I was half distracted by the passion and grief, the wrath and wild regrets whic/- arose as my sweetheart proceeded; until, o»\ his ending with a sob In his voice and liis hands to his brow, I could bear myself no longer; and, springing up, I flung my arms around him and held lilni to me, with my Hps pressed to his cheek, down which my own tears ran. "Curse them!" cried Will, starting up. "They shan't, live for tho want of a hang man if they don't confess." He mane trie sentence violent \\->y « strong forecastle oath; and, striking the tabic with his clenched fist., walked out of the cabin talking loudly to himself out of Ills over wrought feelinga. The rest «pf the night, passed quietly. Tom bade mc go to bed. and 1 xent. to my berth, but not before I bad paced the deck for a quarter of an hour with him. The weather was wonderfully silent, and .the darkness beautiful with stars. The light wind held; the four of us prayed it would hold till after daybreak, though Tom said the islanders at this time of the year, made nothing of putting out to sea to vessels six or even eight miles distant. The large black- swell rolled soundlessly; off tho ocean no noise came save the low faint thunder or the surf, whitening afar at the base of the giant shadow. I slept but little; all the most tragic and startling in cidents of this passage of my life, from the hour when news of Tom's imprisonment was given to me at Ramsgato by my aunt, were as naught— were as trifles lighter than thinnest air— alongside this, our light ing upon Rotch and Nodder in yonder island, hidden away in the heart of earth's mightiest stretch of waters. The instant I heard a movement on deck I sprang out of my bunk, appareled myself for the day, and, going forth, found a streak of granite-colored dawn in the east, tho night still black and full of stars over our mastheads and in the west, and Torn and theothcrs squaring the yards to a light northerly wind that would directly float us toward tho island. The sun rose; the day flashed out clear and cloudless to his beam; Will took the helm, and the island soared directly over our bow, rich with the morning dyes, to where it. vanished in motlonlesnmnsses of steam-white vapor. 1 lighted the galley fire and got breakfast. Having hove the brig to within a mile and a half of the settlement, we made a meal on deck, Tom every few minutes leveling the telescope at tho beach where the wbaleboat lay. At about S o'clock the island boat put off. She came slowly, floating deep, and looked pretty full of men. When she was mid way, Tom, after talking quietly and earn- e/tly with Bates, withdrew to his cabin to feign sickness, as had been arranged. On the boat drawing alongside I observed that all the people were strangers, saving old Daly. There were eight men, some of them young; Daly made the ninth. I had supposed, while the boat approached, that Rotch and Nodder were among the little crowd in her; but. no faces answered to theirs, which I recollected as clearly— the handsome features of Rotch, the red locks an<l wall eye of the curled, sour, drlnk- sodden carpenter Nodder — as though I be held their likenesses. The boat was handsomely laden with po tatoes, pieces of fresh beef, poultry, eggs, and other produce. Daly came over the side with a little bright tin can in his hand; he immediately stepped up to me, and, with a quaint old sea bow and a sea flourish, said lie had taken the liberty to bring me off a drink of milk; 'twas fresh from one of Ills own cows that morning, he assured, me; there was no sweeter draught, said he. than a can of new milk after a few months of salt water. I thanked him heartily. Of all the delicious draughts the dclicatest that I remember in seventy- seven years was that drink of now milk from the island of Tristan d'Acunha. Daly told Bates that Corporal Glass was still too unwell to come off; he sent his compliments to the captain, and begged a visit. Bates answered that the captain was poorly and confined to his bed. Then Daly brought the Islanders up to us and intro duced them; two of them were sons of the corporal; others sons of Cotton, Swain, and Green. Daly's own son was a man of about thirty; strong, active, and good- looking, tinctured with the blood of a mu latto mother. They swiftly discharged the wbaleboat, got. tho Chihle Harold's quarter- boat out, stowed casks for filling with fresh water, and pulled away for tho island. I went to Tom and gave liini tho news. Ho came out of his berth on hearing the islanders were gone, and walked about the deck, and looked at the stuff that had been brought off; then went with Bates and Will Into the hold, where they passed up to one another a number of parcels of clothing, tin !I« much was on deck as tin provisions wptnh r.u\ been brought off were worth. ji I. nst X o'clock when the boats put off for lhe brig. The whaleboat came along ours in low. It was blowing a soft «to;idv air of wind out of i.no norm; the \ I 1! 1 i II 'iter msiflP vnu think of a gentle noise ol girlisii p, lighter. and the heave of the swell shoill- qn.-.wi j;t a 1 0! v volumes out ol lhe west, pi 1 1 1 1 1 1 It the Triiivcni(>Tiis o: uie brig were. like u pulse. th« tnlescouo on the bulwark mil. and looked at Die approaching boats. He continued 10 gaze. I feared ilie boats would draw iie.ir enough 10 enable the nnooh 10 see !::m. jit: ;>«idd-.;ulj to HID with a oaln face. that was yot dark II I 1 1— lun, Rotcu and Nodder are there!" With that he gave tho telescope to Bates, and merely adding — "Report when the islanders are gone and you've trimmed for tho start," lie walked to his berth. My heart now began to beat wildly, and I felt faint and sick with excitement. Will and Bates looked at me. I said — "I'll withdraw to the end of the deckhouse; docs not my face toll a story?" "You look like a ghost," exclaimed Will, "and your eyes are like live coals. Go right aft and keep quiet, and take time to screw your flddlestrings of nerves into tune. Mr. Bates aud I'll manage better without you." I mounted to the roof of the house and posted myself at the extreme end; there was a chair there. I placed it so that I could command a view of the gangway, and there I sat, still very sick and faint, detest ing myself for this weakness, yet excusing myself, too, for surely never could there happen a moment in woman's life moro charged with supreme tragic interest than this. The two boats drew alongside, the quar ter boat laden with casks of fresh water. Tho first to step on deck was Rotch. I knew him instantly. His face, while he stood In tho witness-box giving evidence against Tom, had burnt itself Into my memory; I should have been able then, as I should bo able now, to pick him out In a moment from among a thousand. Ho sprang into the main chains and got over the bul warks actively. He was dressed in blue cloth, and a blue cloth cap with naval peak; his face was sallow as though he was newly recovered from an illness; he was of Tom's height without my sweetheart's man ly breadth and inimitable sailorly carriage; he was an exceedingly handsome man, many might have thought him handsomer than Tom. After he had come on board, there was some delay. Two or three vigorous is landers then climbed over the side; and, with much trouble and no little peril — for the swell hove the boat very high and sank her very low. while the brig leaned heavily away, and then depressed her other rail till you thought she had submerged the line of It — the carpenter, Nodder, was lifted through the gangway. He stood with difficulty, and leaned upon an islan der's arm. He was at some little distance from me, but my sight was good. He seemed ghastly ill; the ghastlier because of the length of his greasy, carroty locks of hair, and the villainous aspect he took from his deformed eye. He was dressed In old can vas trousers, au old monkey jacket, and a fur cap. I had lost sight of Rotch. Bates spoke to Nodder. While this was doing, a third fellow, came on board. He was John Col lins, the seaman who had been saved with Rotch and tho carpenter. He took hold of Nodder, and led him slowly forward, and helped him Into the forecastle through tho scuttle. I'll now tell you what happened as straightforwardly and briefly as I can dic tate it. The Islanders went to work to get the water on board and stow the casks. They, sprang like goats, so fleet were their sure feet, as mountaineers. Collins came out of the forecastle and helped them. I walked toward the forepart of the deck house to observe that man. He was just a plain, average example of foremast hand: freckled, yellow-haired, a mat of reddish beard upon his throat, big, silly, wandering .eyes; his clothes duck breeches, flannel shirt, and an old Scotch cap. 1 drew back, hearing the voice of Rotch, and returned to my chair. Presently they had whipped all the water below, and were busy in hoisting the quar ter boat aboard. While this was doing, Rotch came up the deck-house steps. He looked at the island while he mounted the ladder, and did not observe me till he was on the roof of the house. He came to a stand very abruptly; and, after staring with many tokens of astonishment in his posture and looks, lifted his cap. 1 turned my head. No doubt ho was surprised to see a well dressed woman sitting on the deck house top of that little brig of two hund red tons. Well dressed I was, as dress then went. To bo sure I had worn out my gown every day during the fortnight wo had been on the Old Stormy; but then, it was almost a new dress when I took it off and packed it up at Woolwich, and it still looked new I remember that gown very well. It. was of black merino, with a velvet cape, long sleeves, for which T had no wristbands, the bodice with an embroidered collar, and bound to the waist by a band. My hat was narrow brimmed, with curled feathers. This sort of headgear had not long been in fashion when 1 purchased the thing. I was without jewellery and other finishing de tails; but t.ho fellow Rotch. at a little dis tance, would detect 110 omissions. Ho foinwi a wall L nay. 1 may ajUl0«t call the figure a fashionably dressed wo man, viewing the proceedings of the island ers. and his bearing aud prolonged stare expressed his surprise. (To be continued.) 1 