THE POPE'S LETTER TO THE ENGLISH PEOPLE. THE following is the authorised translation of the "Apostolic Letter of Pop3 Leo XIII. to the English People." Leo XIII. to the English people who seek the Kingdom of Christ in the unity of the Faith. Health and Poaoe in the Lord. Some time since, in an Apostolic letter to princes and peoples, we addressed the English in common with other nations, but we have greatly desired to do this by a special letter, and thus give to the illustrious English rare token of our sincere affection. Tb'S wish has been kept alive by the hearty good will we have always felt towards your people, whose great deeds in olden times the history of the Churoh deolares. We were yet-^taoi;e_ tjpj»yed. by not infrequenty-tfonWsati^S:/^ii^N your countrymeb, who testified,to thejftndly feeling of thfe English toward?'jus) personally, and above all to theit.Wxiety for peace and eternal salvation-through unity of faith. God is our witness how keen is our wish that some effort of ourB might tend to assist and further the great work of obtaining the rennion of Christendom; and we render thanks to God, who has so far prolonged our life, that we may make an endeavour in this direction. But sinoe, as is but right, we place our confidence of a happy issue principally and above all in the wonderful power of God's grace, we have with full consideration determined to invite all Englishmen who glory in the Christian name to this same work, and we exhort them to lift up their hearts to God with UB, to fix their trust in Him, and to seek from Him the help neceasaiy in such a matter by assiduous diligence in holy prayer. FAFA.L SOLICITUDE FOB ENGLAND. The love and care of the Roman Pontiffs for England has been tradition^ from the days of our holy predecessor Gregory the Great. Religion and humanity generally, and especially the English nation, owe him a deep debt of gratitude. Although prevented, by Ae Divino call to yet higher duty, from himBelf undertaking the Apostolic labour " of converting the Anglo-Saxons, as he proposed to do whilst still a monk, his mind remained intent upon this great and salutary design " (Joann. Diao. in vita ejus, c. ii, 33), nor did he reBt until it was accomplished. For from that monastic family which he had formed in learning and holiness of life in his own houBe ho sent a choscn band under the leadership of Augustine to be ^ the messengers of grace, wisdom, and civilisation to those who were still buried in Paganism. And relying as he did on Divine help his hope grew stronger under difficulty, until at length he Baw his work crowned with success. He himself writes of (his in tones of triumphant joy in reply to St. Augustine, who had sent him the news of the happy result:—" Glory be to God on high and on earth peace to men of good will. To Christ be the glory in whose death we live; by whose weakness we are strong, in the love of whom we seek in Britain those brethren whom we knew not; by whose mercy we have found those whom knowing not we sought. Who can tell what gladness filled the hearts of all here to know that the English race, by the workings of the Grace of God Almighty, and by your labours, my brother, has been illuminated by the light of our holy faith, which expeh the darkness of error, and has with free mind trodden under foot those idols to which aforetime tbey were subject in foolish fear." (Epist. c. xi., 28, al c. ix., 58.) And congratulating Eihelbert, King of Kent, ana Bertha, his queen, in a letter full of affection, in that they imitated " Helen, of illustrious memory, and Constantine, the devout Emperor (lb. c. xi., 66, al c. ix., GO, c. xi., 29, al c. ix., 59 ), he strengthens them and their people with salutary admonitions. Nor aid he cease for the rest of his life to foster and develop their faith in instructions dietatod by holy prudence. Thus Christianity, which the Church had conveyed to Britain, and spread and defended there against rising heresy,* after having been • Tho notion of St. Colmtlne I. wn> molt ofllcmoloui mrniiitt tlie PelR-jinn liovosy wbleli Imd infucut! Britain,«» Bl. Prosper of AqniUiine, a writer of tliut time, fctitlafterwards eerrctnry to St. Loo the Great, roooidsIT> M» eVivoiiiclo : .\urU-oU tho V«1»E1MI ton 0t the FulkftluTi nialiiip >-<»veriiiimi.tainted the Ohuroben of Britain wit Ii tins tmluuKt inns ot M»um-h log. But nt tlx incline, of tin >1 l'alhdH.., Pope Celestine >ent GerroMuu, of Anxeiw, n« Viowi.riee..«.), »nd M took VI,e UritMi to tbe Oatholio fclth, hwlus driven out the l,oml.«." (Mlm. Bibi. P. V. B. Frwp. Aqutt, opp. vol. un p.6M.> lotted out by the invasion of heathen rrce,», was now, by the care of Gregory, appily restored. Having resolved to address this letter o the English people, we recall at once those great ana glorious events in the annals.of the Church, which must surely be remembered by them in gratitude. Moreover, it is noteworthy that this love and solicitude of Qrepory was inherited by the Pontiffs who succeeded him. This is shown by their constant interposition in providing worthy pastors and capable teachers in learning, both human and divine, by their helpful counsels, and by their affording in abundant measure whatever was necessary for establishing and developing that rising Church. And very soon was such care rewarded, for in no other case, perhaps, did the faith take root so quickly, nor was so keen and intense a love manifested towards the See of Peter. That the English race was in those days devoted to this centre of Christian unity divinely constituted in the Roman bishops, and that in the course of ages men of all ranks were bound to them by ties of loyalty, are facts too abundantly and plainly testified by the pages of history to admit of doubt or question. t THE HOLT LEAGUE FOE ENGLAND S SITUS* TO UNION. But, in the storms which devastated Catholicity throughout Europe in the IGth century, England, too, received a grievous wound; for it was first unhappily wrenched from communication with the Apostolic See, and then was bereft of tbatholy faith in which for long centuries it had rejoiced and found liberty. It was a sad defection; and our predecessors, whilfi Jamenting it in their earnest iovfi^lnapp, feve^ J>^ent effort to put an end W it,-awH© m.itifeate the many evils' consequent upon it.. { \It would take long, and it is not • nece^saijy, to detail the sediilous and increasing wire taken by our predecessors in those /circumstances. But by far the most valuable and effective assistance they afforded lies in their having so repeatedly urged on the faithful the practice of special prayer to God that he would look with compassion on England. In the number of thoBe who devoted themselves to this special work of charity there were some venerable and Baintly men, especially St. Charles Borromeo and St. Philip rieri, and, in the last century, Paul, the founder of the Society of the Passion of Christ, who, not without a certain Divine impulse, it is said, was instant in supplication " at the throne of Divine Grace;" and this all the more earnestly that the times seemed less favourable to the realisation of his hopes. We, indeed, long before being raised to the Supreme Pontificate, were deeply sensible also of the impoitance of holy prayer offered for thiB cause, and heartily approved of it. For, as we gladly recall, at the time when we were Nuncio in Belgium, becoming acquainted with an Englishman, Ignatius Spencer, himself a devout son of the same St. Paul of the Cross, he laid before us the project he had already initiated for extending a society of pious people to pray for the return of the English nation to the Church.* We can hardly say how cordially we entered into thiB design, wholly inspired by faith and charity, and how we helped forward this cause, anticipating that the English Church would obtain abundant assistance thereby. Although the fruits of Divine Grace obtained by prayer had previously manifested themselves, yet as that holy league spread they became notorious. Very many were led to follow the Divine call, and among them not a few men of distinguished eminence, and many, too, who, in doing so, had to make personal and heroic sacrifices. Moreover, there was a wonderful drawing of hearts and minds towards Catholic faith and practice, which rose in public respect ana esteem, and many a long-cherished prejudice yielded to the force of truth. Looking at all this,jefudo not doubt that the united jmdliumble.su^rpUcfttious of so many to Cod are -hastening the time of further manifestations of' His merciful designs towards "the EHglish people, when " the Word of th^ .Lord may run and be glorified." (Thes. iji., 1.) Our confidence is strenj$tben6<l < by observing the legislative *ad-oth«!f measures which, if they do not, perhaps, directly, still do indirectly help forward the end wo have in view by ameliorating the condition of tho people at large, and by giving effect t j the laws of justice and charity. SOCIAL MOVEMENTS IN ENGLAND W« have beard with singular joy of the i!rent attention whioh is being uiven in England to the solution of the social question, of which we have treated with • voi tW« irarpoee lie gpooUUy rMomraoiidod the < Unit Harr." »!Id obtained from tlieGenoml Chapte oihltkoldIn Some In lttT,*.peolMInjunction upon IU member* much care in our Encyclicals, and of thd stablishment of benefit and similar, societies, whereby on a legal basis the condition of the working classes is im. proved. And we have heard of the vigorous and persevering efforts made to preserve for the people at large an education based on religious teaching, than whioh there is n6 firmer foundation for the instruction of youth and the maintenance of domestic life and civil policy; of the zeal and energy with which so many engage in forwarding opportune measures for the repression of the degrading vice of intemperance; of societies formed among the young men of the upper clasees for the promotion of purity of morals and for sustaining the honour due to womanhood. For, alas, in regard to the Christian virtue of continence pernicious views are subtly creeping in, as though it were believed that a man was not eo strictly bound by the precept as a woman. Moreover, reflecting men aTe deeply concerned at the spread of Rationalism and Materialism, and we ourselves have or ten lifted up our voice to denounce these evils, whioh weaken and paralyse not religion only, but the very springs of thought and action. The highest credit is due to those who fearlessly and unceasingly proclaim the rigbtB of God and of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the laws and teachings given by Him for the establishment of the Divine Kingdom here upon earth; in the which teachings alone strength, wisdom, and safety are to be found. The various and abundant manifestations of care for the aged, for orphans, for incurables, for the destitute, the refuges, reformatories, and other forms of charity, all which the Church as a tender mother inaugurated, and from the earliest times has ever inculcated as a special duty, are evidences of the spirit which animates you. Nor can we omit to mention specially the strict public observance of Sunday and the general spirit of respect for the Holy Scriptures. Every one knows the power and resources of the British nation and the civilising influence which., with the spread of liberty, accompanies its commercial prosperity even to the most remote regions. But, worthy and noble in themselves as are ail these varied manifestations of activity, our soul is raised to the origin of all power and the perennial source of ail good things, to God our Heavenly Father, most beneficent. For the labours of man, whether public or private, will not attain to their full efficacy without appeal to God in prayer and without the Divine Blessing. "For happy is that people whose God is the Lord!" (Ps. cxiiii., 15.) For the mind of the Christian should be so turned and fixed that he places and reRts the chief hope of his undertakings in the Divine help obtained by prayer, whereby human effort is supern8turalised and the desire of doing good, as though quickened by a heavenly fire, manifests itself in vigorous and serviceable actions. In this power of prayer God has not merely dignified man, but with infinite mercy has given im a protector and help iu the time of need, ready at hand to all, easy (and void of effect to no one who has resolute recourse to it. " Prayer is our powerful weapon, our great protection, our storehouse, our port of refuge, our place of safety." (Chrys. Horn. 80 in Gen.) But if the prayer of the righteous man rightly avail so much with God even in earthly concerns, how much more Will itnot avail one who iB destined to an eternal existence for obtaining those spiritual blessings which Christ haB procured for mankind by " the sacrament of His mercy." For He «' Who of God is made unto us wisdom and justice and sanctification and redemption" (1 Cor. i. f 30), in addition to what He taught, instituted, and effected, gave also for this purpose the salutary precept of prayer and in His great goodness confirmed it by His example. These simple truths are, indeed, known to every Christian ; but, still, by many they are neither remembered .nor valued aB they should be. It is for this reason that we insist the more strenuously on the confidence which should be placed in prayer, and recall the words and example of the Fatherly love of the same Christ our Lord ; words of deepest import and highest encouragement; words also whioh show forth how in the counsels of God prayer is at the same time the expression of our helplessness and tho sure hope of obtaining the s*rength we need. "And I say <0 you, Ask and it shall be given you j seek and you shall find; knock and it shull be opened to you j for every one that askcth, rcceiveth, and he that tcekcth, findeth; and to him that knorketh it shall be opened." (Luke xi., 9.10.) And the Son of God Himself r fhows us that if our prayers are to be acceptable to the Divine Majesty the; i must b« united with Hie suae ana merits. "Amen, amen, I say to yon if you ask the Father anything in My name, He will give it you. Hitherto you have not asked anything in My name. Ask and you shall receive, that your joy may be full." (John xvi., 23-24.) And He enforces this by reference to the tender love of parents for their own children. " If you, then, being evil," He Says, " know how to give good gifts to your children, how muoh more will your Father from Heaven give the good Spirit to them that ask Him." (Luke xi., 13.) And how abundant are not the choice gifts contained in that good spirit. The greatest of them all is that hidden iwer of whioh Christ spoke when S e said:—"No man can oome to Me except the Father who hath sent Me draw him." (John vi., 44.) It is impossible that men grounded in this teaching should not feel drawn and even impelled to the habit of faithful prayer. With what steady perseverance will they not practioe it; with what fervour pursue it, having before them the very example of Christ Himself, who, having nothing to fear for Himself and needing nothing, for He was God, yet passed the whole night in prayer (Luke vi., £2), and with a strong cry and tears offered up, prayers and' supplications (He>. v., 7), and ddifkg thisV'He wished to stand pleading befori His Father as if rememberina at jtjbax time that He was our teacher," as Vulnerable Bede, that ornament of your nation, wisely considers. (Inev. S. Joann. xvii.) But nothing proves so clearly and forcibly both the precept and the example of our Divine Lord in regard to prayer as His last discourse to the Apostles during those sad moments that preceded His Passion, when, raising His eyes to heaven, He again and again entreated His Holy Father, praying and beseech' ing Him for the most intimate union of His disciples and followers in the truth, as the most convincing evidence to the world of the Divine mission on which He was about to send them. TUB YBABNING FOB TJNITT. And here no thought is more welcome to our soul than that happy unity of faith and wills for which our Redeemer and Divine Master prayed in that earnest supplication—a unity which, if useful at all times, even for temporal interests, both at home and abroad, is shown by the very divisions and confusions of these days to be more than ever needful. Wo on our part, watching the signs of the times, exhorting and taking thought for the future, urged thereto by the example of Christ and the duty of our Apostolic office, have not ceased to pray, and _ still humbly pray, for the return of Christian nations, now divided from us, to the unity of former days. We have more than once of late years given expression to this object of our desires, aod have devoted sedulous oare to its realisation. The time cannot be far distant when we muBt appear to render an account of our stewardship to the Prince of Pastors, aod how happy, how blessed should we be if we could bring to Him some fruit —some realisation of these our wishes which He has inspired and sustained. In these days our thoughts turn with love and hope to the English people, observing as we do the frequent and manifest works of Divine Grace in their midst; how to some, it is plain, the confusion of religious dissensions which divide them is a cause of deep concern ; how others see clearly the need of some sure defence against the inroad of modern errors which only too readily humour the wishes of fallen nature and depraved reason; how the number of those religious and discreet men, who sincerely labour much for reunion with the Catholic Church, is increasing. We can hardly say how strongly these and other signs quicken the charity of Christ in us, and redoubling our prayera from our inmost soul we call down a fuller measure of Divine Grace, which, poured out on mindB so well disposed, may issue in the ardently desired fruir, the fruit, namely, that we may all meet into the unity of faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God (Eph. iv., 13), careful to keep the unity of, the Spirit in the bond of peace, one body and one Spirit; as you are called in one hope of your calling—one Lord, one faith, one baptism, (lb., 3-5.) With loving heart, then, we turn to you all in England, to whatever community or institution you may belong, desiring to reoall you to this holy unity. We beseech you, as you value your eternal salvation, to offer up humble and continuous prayer to God, Our Heavenly Father, the Giver of all Light, who with gentle power impels us to the good and the right; and without ceasing to implore light to know the truth in all its fulness, and to embraoe the designs of His meroy with single and entire faithfulness, calling upon the glorious name and merits tt Jesus Christ, Who is "the author and finisher of our faith" (Heb. xii., 2), Who loved the Church and delivered Himself for it that He might sanctify it and might present it to Himself a glorious Church. (Eph. v., 25-27.) Difficulties there may be for us to face, but they are not of a nature which should delay our Apostolic zeal or stay your energy. Ah, no doubt the many changes that have come about, and lime i'self, have caused the existing divisions to take deeper root. But is that a reason to give up all hope of remedy, reconciliation, and peace P By no means if God is with us. For we must not judge of such great issues from a human standpoint only, but rather must we look to the power and mercy of God. In great and arduous enterprises, provided they are undertaken with en earnest and right intent, Gud stands by man's side, and it is precisely in these difficulties that the action of His Providence shines forth with greater splendour. The time is not far distant when thirteen centuries will have been completed since the English race welcomed those Apostolic men sent, as we have said, from this very city of Borne, and, casting aside the pagan deities, dedicated the first fruits of its faith to Christ our Lord and God. This encourages our hope. It is, indeed, an event worthy to be remembered with public thanksgiving ; would that this occasion might bring to all reflecting minds the memory of the faith then preached to your ancestors, the same which is now preached—Jesus Christ yesterday, today, and the same for ever, aB the Apostle says (Heb. xiii., 8), who also most opportunely exhorts you, as he does all, to remember those first preachers " who have spoken the word of God " to you, whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation. (Ib., 7.) TO THE CATHOLICS OF ENGLAND. In such a cause we first of all call to our assistance as our allies the Catholics of England, whose faith and piety we know by experience. There can be no doubt that, weighing earnestly the value and effects of holy prayer, the virtue of which we have truly declared, they will strive by every means to succour their fellow-countrymen and brethren by invoking in their behalf the Divine clemency. To pray for oneself is a need ; to pray for others is a counsel of brotherly love; and it is plain that it is not prayer dictated by necessity so much as that inspired by fraternal charity which will find most favour in the sight of G»d. The first Christians undoubtedly adopted this practice. Especially in all that pertains to the gift of faith the early ages set us a striking example. Thus it was the custom to pray to God with ardour that relations, friends, rulers, and fellowcitizens might be blessed by a mind obedient to the Christian faith. (S. Aug. de dono persev. xxiii., 63.) And in regard to this there is another matter which gives us anxiety. We have heard that in England there are some who, being Catholics in name, do not show themselves so in practice; aud that in your great towns there are vast numbers of people who know not the elements of the Christian faith', who never pray to'God, and live in ignofeanoe of His justice and of His mercy. must pray to God, and pray jet mt/ro earnestly in this Bad condition of things, since He alone can effect a remedy. May He show the measures proper to be taken; may He sustain the courage and strength of those who labour at this arduous task; may He deign to send labourers into HiB harvest. Whilst we so earnestly press upon our children the duty of prayer, we desire at the same time to warn them that they should not suffer themselves to be wanting in anything that pertains to the grace and the fruit of prayer, and that they should have ever before their minds the precept of the Apostle Paul to the Corinthians—Be without offence to the Jews and to the Gentiles, and to the Church of God. (1 Cor. x., 32 ) For, besides those interior dispositions of soul necessary for rightly offering prayer to God, it is also needful that ihcy should be accompanied by actions and by words befitting the Christian profession—first of all, and chiefly, the exemplary observance of uprightness and justice, of pitifulness for the poor, of penance, of peace and conoord in your own houses, of respect for tho law—these are what will give force and efficaoy to your prayers. Mercy favours the petition of those who, in all justice, study and carry out the precepts of Christ, according to His promise— "If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, you shall ask whatever you will and it shall be done unto you." (John xL, 7.) And therefore do we exhort you that, uniting your prayer with ours, your great desire may now be that God will gnat you to welcome your fellow-oitizeni and Brethren in the bond'ofjperfect charity. Moreover, it is profitable to implore the help of the Saints] of God, the cfficacy of whose, prayers, specially in such a cause as this, is shown in that pregnant remark of St Augustine as to St. Stephen—If holy Stephen had not prayed, the Church to-day would have bad no Paul. INVOCATION OF BNOLAND'6 SAINTS FOE MAET'S " DOWRY." We, therefore, humbly call on St. Gregory, whom the English have ever rejoiced to greet as the Apostle of their race ; on Augustine, his disciple and his messenger; and on those other Saints of God, through whose wonderful virtues and no less wonderful deedB England has merited the title of " Island of the Saints;" on St. Peter and St. George, those special patrons, and, above all, on Mary, th^JJoiy-Mother of G»d, whom Christ flTpself from.thr'-Cross left to be the Mother of mankind, to", whom your kingdom was dedicated . by. your forefathers under that glorious'title "The Dowry of Mary." All these with full confidence we call upon' to be our pleaders before the Throne of God that, renewing the gTory of ancient days, He may " fill you with all joy and peace in believing; that you may abound in hope and in the power of tho Holy Ghost. (Bom. xv., 13.) Care should be taken that the prayers for unity already established amongst you Catholics on certain fixed dayB should be made more popular and recited with greater devotion. Especially that the pious practice of the holy Rosary, which we ourselves have so strongly recommended, should flourish, for it contains, as it were, a summary of the Gospel teaching, and has always been a most salutary institution for the people at large. Moreover, we are pleased, of our own will and authority, to add still another to the sacred indulgences which have been granted from time to time by our predecessors. We grant, that is to all those who piously recite the prayer appended to this letter, to whatever nation they may belong, an indulgence of 300 days; moreover, a plenary indulgence once a month on the observance of the usual conditions to those who have recited it daily. Finally, may the Divine prayer of Christ Himself for unity fill up the full measure of our desires, a prayer which on this day, through the mystery of His most holy resurrection, we repeat with the u'most confidence—" Holy Father, keep them in Thy name whom Thou hast given .Me, that they may be one as we also are one. . . . Sanctify them in truth. Thy word is truth. . . . And not for them only do I pray, but for them also who through their word shall believe in Mo, that all may be one, as Thou, Father, in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in us I in them and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfeet in one, and ttie world may know that Thou hast sent Me and hast loved them as Thou hast also loved Me." (John xvii., 11, 17, 20, 21, 23.) Finally, we desire all manner of blessings from God for the whole of the British people, and with all our heart we pray that those who seek the Kingdoni of Christ and salvation in the unity of faith may enter on the full realisation of their desires. Given at St. Peer's in Rome on the 14th of April, 1895, in the 18ih year of our Pontificate. LEO PP. XIII. 