BEFORE GYMPIE BROKE OUT. The following rhymed record of a prospecting tour through the Mary borough 'Hinterland' has been pre sented to as by Mr. W. S. Walsh, for many years a prominent figure in this town, and lately occupying a responsible position in the Customs Department at Townsvllle. . Mr. Walsh explains that on visiting, in 1862 the then newly formed colony of Queensland, be heard, while in Brisbane, very encouraging rumours of the existence of gold in the Wide Buy and Burnett district. After some time spent in land hunting and prospecting In New Zealand, these rumours led to the organising in Sydney, of an efficient party of slx, who came direct to Mary borough, and whose experiences are set forth in the subjoined metrical narrative, penned from day to day amid the locali ties it mentions, and consequently over thirty-two years old. The lines are pub lished exaotly as they reached us. slnoe any attempt to soften tbelr rugged sim plicity could only have detracted from the vividness of Impression which in the eyes of those readers who are old enough to recall that time, will constitute the chief merit and charm. It will be observed that the mineral character of not a few spots, commonly regarded as of later dis covery, was even then pretty well estab lished, as also that other so called novel ties of our own time — the Ban Ban crater lakes, for Instance, recently 'discovered' by Mr. Nugent Brown, and the name ' Maoriland,' which the Sydney Bulletin claims to have invented, are not such novelties after all. We've been through the land where the Wara tah grows, Through lands farther south where that fierce hot wind blows, And, fresh from great Maoriland's mountains and cold, Are come to Wide Bay, here, to prospect for gold The people have offered three thousand reward, The conditions mentioned are not very hard, The district has embryo goldfields about Which only await just a scratch to break out. The chiefs at the Court House in meeting unite, To counsel with them they our party invite. Was ever there witnessed such grit to the oore, Or union of feeling — no, never before. Howard, Dowzer and Purser, and Booker we see. With Palmer, Ring, Travis, and Melville agree. Brown, Gladwell, and Greathead and Aldridge shout 'hear," Keith, Southerden, Roberta, and Robinson cheer. For us, we are doubly resolved on our side With all in this movement to stoutly abide, A red letter-day in this town will yet be This first of July of the year sixty- three, Equipment completed, tents, horses, and picks. We move to the Twelve- mile our party of six. But gold there is none and, no signs seeing that way. We reach Musket Flat on the very next day. A friend here we find in George Robinson, who To spots interesting now pilots us through. Gold was found up tbe creek by one given to ' blow,' We sink and we search and we find 'twas not so The ranges for other supposed finds we seek; ! James Kelly, the mailman, points out Scrubby Creek, A Foreman of Works (Thomas Holmes) us reminds, The district abounds in such fanciful finds. We work round the ridges o'er mountains and dale, Emerge on the lowlands at Broome's Agnes Vale. Being told by C. West there was gold to be found, We visit and test all the choice spots around. A bright happy home is this house in the Vale' Nor discords nor troubles this household assail, More cheerfulness, industry, please, I ween, Has seldom before on a homestead been seen. Eureka arrived at our party behold, A country forbidding and barren of gold. We gain Stanton Harcourt, zounds, what do we see, The corpse of a blackfellow up in a tree. We ply through this station pick, shovel, and pan, Host Corfield invites us to find all we can. A flat three miles west from the blackfellow's ghost Gives each dish a color — a strong one at most. From camp we by rule send our leader before To ride o'er the country its features explore He knows well his work and is quick to decide Where gold may be searched for and labour employed. The hills towards the Burnett we take to like rats, We scratch down the gullies and sink on the flats ; The clays and the drifts and the wash too, at times Remind us so much of the Indigo mines. Adown this fine valley great pine hills are seen Repelling the leaps of a turbulent stream. Thy waters, O Burnett, a great name suggest, Stuart Russell who first saw thy home in the west. The nightshades here falling, embitter these lays, For dingos in legions their hideous howls raise. Oh never before on this earth was displayed Inferno more real than the one here essayed. With feelings so full of the duffers we've sank? We Walla soon gain on the opposite bank ; Good Barker, who's lived here for yeas, has no doubt Our mission is doomed, tbere is no gold about. Attentions hereto in due time will begin, We first search the country as far as Gin Gin, And hills, miles around here, quartz reefs too, at times. And flats, deep alluvial, but gold— none bere - shines, Again runs the news up Moolboolaman way. That gold there is found every hour of the day ; We prospect en route at the station and round, Kind Barton lessee, is the sole gem we found. Boolboonda, mid light vapor-clouds, we descry; Mount Perry, still south, stretchng up to the sky There gold much may be, other valued ores, too. Our programme recalls, for the present adieu.. At Gin Gin, again, we disport for a week, From drafts of fine horses a choice one to seek. Proud "Frantic," prized son of the Satellite breed, Is bought by our leader, who loves a good steed. The lessees, the Browns, must here honor this lay. May chance soon again throw suoh men in our way. Not sparing his Homestead but pointing the place The ' British Lion' lives in kind deeds to his race. To Walla and west through the country around, Tenningering is gained, still no gold to be found, Great creeks to their sources 'mong mountains we test. Majestic o'er all looms Mount Perry, north west. We say to betaking ourselves from this place, That gold here shall ne'er gladden prospector's | face. We back to the river, lower down cross it o'er, Aud, fresh for the strife, here Degilbo explore. Some colors at last, by great labor subdued, The Head Station's reached and great Walsh interviewed, The Bluff we ascend and far up Didcot Creek, Thence over the ranges for Wetheron we seek. Adown by the roadway to box flats below, A gully extends for some two miles or so ; Strong colors we find and nice wash quite a heap From dozens of shafts about twenty feet deep. High hills to northeastward we eagerly scan, Long flats stretching westward give specs to the pan. Old Burnett, again, has no metals in store, Her hills betore Yenda are blank to the core. Towards Ban Ban we prospect, some eight miles at most Weird country down here though we've not seen the ghost. "No gold up that way," says John Edwards who's been Round the lakes where this strange apparition is seen. Our stores are run low and to Gayndah we send' Our envoys, good souls, are come back with a friend— A pressman, by Jove, standing high in his shoes, Tom White, of the Argus, come looking for news. Kind hosts of this station, what say we of them Good Moretons of Wetheron let no man condemn ; They welcomed our efforts, and too, may we say. Their storeman gave food without looking for pay. Far-famed Peter Hanson, the veteran gold tramp, On business important here visits our camp. "Fair gold he has got, will we father his find , Reid's Creek, by Mount Perry, or few miles behind." A rush may disclose better gold, and insure The promised reward and our friend is secure. | If no better gold, then tor us what a day, the thousands who rush will have something to say, Tis said by our leader, we echo the sound, The fortune we seek is not here to be found. To Didcot, Degilbo, and Teebar, then fly, To Gigoomgan thence round Merodian, to try. Great Urah's high peaks by this out-station gleam, And softly beside rolls Merodian's bright stream ; Here soothed to rest from our long daily rounds, This vale of Merodian in sweetness abounds. Friend Grout of this station has just had a find, Some copper-stained stones of hard granitic kind, We crosscut and sink with pick, hammer and gad ; His copper we ken not, but think it looks bad. We fly to Mount Urah, ascend in a trice, Intent upon finding the ore of our choice, The oountry, its mountains and rivers are scanned, Opinions are formed, our movements are planned. Wide Bay to its sources proves sterile and cold, Kilkivan we shun though Mactaggart shouts "Gold." Down past Running Creek, through the ranges we bend, And, stretching still south, upon Widgee descend. "This creek here has gold," says who, no body knows And nothing of gold does our keen test dis close. And now, that our goldseeking ends here to-day, We say, without fear, there was none on our way. If gold some there be in odd spots now remote, Great crowds o'er this land will in time such denote. Shall we and the men who have aided our test Then all have grown old and some few gone to rest ? A word for kind Roberts whose writings throughout Have kept us in touch with the world without, And, Providence, thanks, from this humble abode, For happiness, health, and protections bestowed 