A Moral Story. SHOWING HOW THE 'PATS' PAID THEIR NATIONAL DEBT. AND HOW THEY DID WITHOUT GOLD. Suggested by Path. Twyford's ' Mike Hul XiOOK.' ; (By J. L.) The swaggy who has tramped between Glad stone and Bundaberg (Q.) some six years ago ?will tell you that it is the most dismal and uninviting bit of a track this side of Port Mac kay. It had been my misfortune to be patrolling that bit of a track about the time above-mentioned in search of some enterprising capitalist who would. De good enougn to create some pronts out of my labors. As there had been a drought prevailing for some six months previously, fresh water was* very scarce, although the blue Pacific insinuated itself in places right up to the track. About four o'clock one afternoon I had the good luck to discover a pool of fresh water which had collected in a rocky basin under the shade of some mangroves, which prevented the heat of the semi-tropical sun from drawing it back again to the element from whence it came. It had been a very hot day and feeling tired we decided to camp there for, the night, and while my mate, Johnny Cousins, boiled the billy I pitched the fly. After having a drink of tea and made things snug for the night, I went for a stroll along the beach. We were camped on an arm of the sea, a sort of land- locked bay, which for size and scenery could knock our beautiful harbour into a ' cocked hat. ' Coming to a few shady mangroves I lay down in the shade, for the sun was still warm, and as nothing is more likely to induce meditation than being alone by the seaside, I was soon in a deep reverie, and from which I was aroused by seeing a boat headed for the part of the beach where I was lying. I was surprised to see a boat so far from civilization, and my first thought was that the boat's crew were New Caledonian escapees — for it is a com mon occurrence for French convicts to escape from the French convict settlement in Now Caledonia and land on the Queensland coast. As the boat approached near the shore, I saw that I was mistaken, for the boat's crew were neither Frenchmen or convicts, and when the boat touched the beach they got out and pulled it upon the sand. They then commenced to take a look round and before long their eyes fell on me, and he who seemed the leader advanced and asked me in the richest brogue that ever graced, tho tongue of Milesian if I could show them where they could get some fresh water. I replied that I could, and accompanied the leader of the party to the pool which I had dis covered. The remainder of tho party went back to the boat for some casks in which to bring the water. Having filled the cask we returned to the boat, and in the meantime the man who at first accosted me, and whose name he told me was Covins, informed me that the boats belonged to a ship which lay at anchor about four miles out. He also told me that the crew and passengers ?were bound for an island which he knew about, where they intended to settle, and that if I choose I could go with them. I told him I would like to speak to my mate before I decided, and I asXed him to wait for half-an-hour while I went to the camp ; but he told me that he couldn't wait as his time was limited, as they intended to put to eea that night, and pulling out his watch said that he would give me one minute to con sider. I thought that by going with the seamon I would be embarking on a project about which I knew nothing ; but, on the other' hand, the prospects which I would be leaving^ were no more defined , and before the watch had ticked thirty seconds I stepped into the boat, and we soon reached the ship. The tackles were lowered from the davits and made fatt to the boat, and in less than a minute it was hoisted on board. Before I had properly taken in my surround ings, Collins came up to me and bade me follow him. He led the way aft, where two men were seated conversing. I saw at a glance that they ministers of religion. There was no mistaking the stout, hearty, jovial-looking middle-aged gentleman for anything but an Irish priest ; but although I knew that the thin, spare gentleman, ?with a hen-pecked air about him, was a minister, I couldn't tell what denomination he belonged to. For, although I can tell a priest at a glance, all ministers of other denominations seem much alike, and for the life of me I couldn't tell which from whether. Collins introduced me to those gentlemen — the stout one as Father Tom STalone, and tho thin one as the Rev. Archie Fletcher — and explained how and why I came on board, As he finished his explanation I heard a shrill voice in. the direction of the main hatch, at the soutid of which the Rev. Archie turned pale and hurried away in the direction of the Voice. Father Tom pointed to the chair vacated '? ?y the Rev. Archie, and asked me to be seated, telling me that I needn't fear being disturbed, as the Rev. Archie would probably be engaged for some time. I asked him if the gentleman had been taken ill, and he informed me, with a merry twinkle in the corner of his eye, that I need have no fear for the bodily health of the Rev. Archie, ... for that his guid wife only wanted him to look after the children while she went for a promenade on deck. 'And so, my young friend,' said the good Father, ' you have decided to cast in your lot with us.' 'Yes,' I replied ; 'and it will indeed be a hard one if it is no better than the one I have left behind. But how is it that I find this good ship with a full complement of passengers bound on such an expedition without seeing anything about it in tbe papers.' ' Well, that is the strangest part of it,' said the prie3t ; ' ' thiB ship had been chartered by the Queensland Government to bring out emigrants to Queensland, and all the passengers now on board left their Irish and Scotch homes as emi grants. But after we had been about two months at sea a storm came on, and the captain and first mate, were washed overboard, and a week later the second mate had his skull frac tured by a, marlingspike which was let fall by one of the sailors from the foretop, so that the ship ' was without a commander. Luckily the man Collins understood navigation, and the emigrants and crew decided to make for this island which Collins knows and settle there, and when we reach the island the ship is to be scuttled so as to cut o® ^11 retreat. I tried to dissuade them from this step. I pointed out the. dishonesty of taking the ship and cargo, which did not belong to them, but they remained obdurate and offered to put me ashore near some Australian port. But I preferred remaining with them, for I shuddered to think of so many souls going into a strange land without anybody to administer to them the rites and consolations of religion. Tho Rev. Archie Fletcher if? also going with his flock, for you must know that one-half of tho emigrants are Irish and the other half. Scotch. But I was forgetting. I Bee the emigrants are going to . have supper, and I must find a mess that will bo willing to take you in. So he took me below to where the Bingle men were at mess, and introduced me to a mess which consisted of eighty and which was cap tained by a stout, burly Irishman, named Denny Lang. There was also a red-headed Connaught man, with beard like cocoanut fibre, and he was continually twisting himself about like a man in a fit of the d.t's. This party' s name I learned was Tom M'Gann. There were also Jerry Mahony, aCorkonian, and five others, whom I didn't much notice. Having finished the meal and feeling tired, I was shown to a vacant bunk by Denny Lang, and I turned in, and was soon asleep. I was awakened early in the morning by a noise on deck, which I knew was caused by the sailors washing down the deck. When the noise ceased I turned out, and went on deck. We were out to sea, and no land was visible. There were none cf the emigrants yet on deck, so I went for'ard and sat down on a coil of rope on the fo'c's'le until I heard eight bells, when, thinking that it was breakfast time, I went below, and found the emigrants already at mess. I joined my own mess, and the first thing I heard was Tom M'Gann and Denny Lang ex changing uncomplimentary compliments with each other, for it seems that Tom thought Denny wasn't giving him his full share. JL could also eee that Tom and Denny were bad friends. Tho meal being finished aud the things washed up and put away, we all went on deck. I wandered aimlessly about for some time, and soon fell into conversation with a little shock-headed Scotch girl, named Katie Monroe. Katie was about 17 years of age, and I soon found that, notwithstanding her tender age, she was a very keen observer, and had also a keen sense of the humorous, and she soon made me acquainted with the names and general character and pe culiarities of those to whom I drew her attention. The first person to Avhom I drew Katie's at tention was a tall, sallow-complexioned indi vidual, with rather a vacant expression on his countenance. Katie told me that this gentleman was named Callan Parker, and that he was con tinually boasting about his high descent and about the virtues and goodness of the aristocracy, from whom ho said he was descended, and ho was continually running down the workingmen, who he said were no better than bullocks ; but Katie said that he was a wee bit daft, so nobody took any notice of him. There was also another long-faced person who had a vague resemblance to Callan Parkc-r, but he looked more like a discharged Salvation Army preacher. This individual, Katie in formed me, was named James Galoot, and that his strong point was his education and intelli gence. She said that James also had an inclina tion towards the aristocracy, but it happened that his father, who was a navvy, was on board, and it wouldn't do for Jam-s to come out too strong against the workmgman, so no used to compromise the matter by saying that tho aristocracy were certainly very good, und that the workingmen would be all right only for Union leaders and such agitators. There was also a stout, strapping Irish girl, with a pair of brawny arms terminating in a pair of fists which would be a fortune to anybody endowed with pugilistic instincts. The young lady also had a voice which a bo'sun might have envied, and her name was Bridget M'Namara, and Katie told me that she was a general favorite with tho men, and that she might have any amount of chaps, but that Bridget, said she didn't care much about 'coortin',' but Katie said she believed she was a bit sweet on Denny Lang, ' for,' said Katie, 'Denny and Bridget are always whispering together, and ye ken that means something.' It seemS that Bridget was the cause of the mis understanding between Tom M'Gann and Denny; for Katie said that Tom was a bit ' gone' on Bridget, and thinking that Denny would cut him out he challenged Denny to the fo'c's'le one morning, where Denny knocked Tom out in the twenty- second round. But Tom was not satisfied, for he said the fo'c's'le was too narrow for him to walk round Denny, and he said he was going to have another cut at him when thoy landed, and he had already engaged a Scotchman named Dave Bailie to second him. I saw a crowd collected on the fo'c's'le, and sauntering that way I found Denny Lang in the centre of a group, to whom he was recounting his adventures, and the way in which he related about the ghosts, fairies, pookahs, and lepre chauns which he had encountered and success fully negotiated was enough to mako the famous Bob Munchausen turn in his grave. Tom M'Gann came and stood beside me, and told me not to take any notice of Denny, for (and he quietly tapped his forehead) Denny was a bit 'gone' here. And then he commenced to caution me against every soul on board, for he said they would 'have' me if they got the chance. By this time the party had started a game of . euchre, and while looking on at the game I came to the conclusion that if Denny was a bit gone, as Tom had said, he certainly wasn't a ' 'prentice hand ' at a game of euchre, for he soon won every fig of tobacco in the party, and shoving his tongue in his cheek uttered a hoarse laugh and went aft to where Bridget was sitting. Thus it was that I found myself proceeding to an unknown land towards an unknown destiny, almost as much unknown to myself as to the crowd by whom I was surrounded. Eventually we landed, the cargo was dis charged, and the ship taken out to sea ; a cannon was loaded and pointed down the main hatch and fired through the bottom. The sailors got into a boat and pulled ashore, and during the day the ship filled and sank. The ship's cargo was equally divided between the Irish and Scotch settlers,' who intended to form two dis tinct settlements. The Irish portion settled on the eastern side of the island, and the Scotch on tho western. The Irish called their settlement New Tipperary, and the Scotch called their's Bannockburn. The Irish looked for leadership to Father Tom Malone, and the Scotch for guidance to a raw-boned powerful Scotchman named Sandy M'Farlane, which caused the Irish to dub the Scotch as the ' ' Macs, ' and the Scotch in their turn used to call the Irish the ' Pats.' However, a surprise awaited the ' Macs,' for when one of their number went down to the beach to bathe he found three casks washed on shore, and thinking that they contained whisky he called the rest of his mates, but when they knocked in the heads of- the casks they found that they were filled with English coins, which, when counted, amounted to £6000. Sandy Mac. called all his followers together, and divided the money equally amongst the adults. Both settlements set to work, and soon pro duced enough to keep them in moderate comforts, and as there were plenty of pigs, goats, turkeys, and other animals found on the island, which soon domesticated, the settlers had plenty of live stock. (To be continued J 