Literary Gossip. (By "Espigador.") Tho French novelist, Alphonse Dau det, was recently elected an hono rary member of the Authors' Club, New York, in place of the late R. L. Stevenson. The success of the volume of poems by the late Lady Dulferin, edited by her son, has encouraged Mr. Murray to publish a selection from her lady ship's songs, with music by herself and others. There has been some discussion in the English papers as to the origin of the late Mr. Stevenson's "Di*. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde." The crimes of "Jack the Ripper," and the excitement cre ated by Mr. Stead's sensational arti cles on "The Maiden Tribute," have been variously mentioned as having furnished hints for Stevenson's weird narrative. It has, however, been de nied that the story owed airything to either of these sources. Mr. Andrew Liang, in a letter to the "Athenaeum," says that the idea of it. Avas conceived in a dream. This will remind rea ders of Coleridge that the famous lines about tho "Abyssinian Maid" were said by the author to have been a mere fragment of a poem which he, too, had evolved from what De Quin cey would have called the "anarchy of dreaming sleep:" A damozel with a dulcimer, In a vision once I saw. She was an Abyssinian maid, And on a dulcimer she played, Singing of Mount Aborah. A new edition of that strangely en thralling series of supernatural tales entitled "lu a Glass Darkly," by J. Sheridan Le Fanue, edited and illus trated by his son, Mr. B. S. Le Fanue, has been issued by Downey and Com pany. No better stories of the kind have probably ever been written, the real and the unreal being associated in a most extraordinary way. For example, the story of "Carmilla," in the collection in question, is perhaps about tlie only successful attempt which has been made to deal with the Vajmpire superstition in fiction. In credible as the whole subject of the story necessarily is, and far removed from the ideas of modern readers, yet Le Fanue's strong imaginative power has lent it an interest which is at. once fascinating and fearsome. There is probably nothing quite equal to it in Edgar Allen Poe, for all that wri ter's wonderful command of the eerie and the mystical. Byron's prose fragment entitled "The Vampire" has suggestions "of a possibly fine ghost story, but with that solitary exception there is not in English literature per haps even a foreshadowing of such ef fects as Le Fanue has actually pro-, duced in connection with the demoni ac revisitant of the glimpses of the Moon, whom, in the guise of a lovely young woman) he bas depicted in "Carmilla." Some of the French and German romances have occasionally added vampires to other creations, but not one of them, in that particular de partment of all, can be fairly said to have rivalled Le Fanue. A volume of essays originally contri buted to the "Quarterly Review," and other periodicals, by Mr. Churton Col lins, is shortly to be published. They deal with such subjects as Dryden, the predecessors of Shakspere, Lord Ches terfield's Lettei's,, and others of an equally interesting kind to literary students. Mr. Churton Collins, by the-bye, is the gentleman whom Swin bourne, in an attack on tho "Quar terly" and its critics, contemptuously referred to as "ape of Macaulay." A work on Napoleon I., the ap proaching appearance of which in Paris was referred- to some time ago in this column, has been published, and has achieved a decided success. It is entitled "Napoleon Raconte par l'Image." The book is in the form of an album, and contains about live hundred pictures, taken from original paintings, statues, bronzes, &c;, illus trative of the great Emperor and his times. One pf the most interesting of the hitherto unpublished writings of 'Ste venson, included in the Edinburgh edi tion of his works, is tho account of his trip as a steerage emigrant across the Atlantic-"From the Clyde to Sandy Hook." That Avas an experi ence which gave Stevenson a terrible slinking, and which was nigh anticipat ing what unfortunately took place a few months ago at Samoa. An autograph manuscript of unus ual interest was recently to bo offered for sale by Messrs. Sotheby, Wilkin son, and Hodge, of London. It was that of Gilbert White's "Natural His tory of Selbourne." The manuscript had been in tho possession of- tho .White family ever since the author's death, over a century ago-1795. It contains letters which have never been published. A movement is on foot for erecting a monument to Leopold Von Ranke at his native place of Weihe, in Prussian Saxony, on . the occasion of the centenary of his birth, which will take place next Decmeber. To English readers the Russian writer is probably still best known through Macaulay's brilliant essay in his "History of the Popes." Though the Crimean war is now about forty years behind us, and tho world has certainly had experiences since of very much bigger wars, yet the general interest in it still seems by no means exhausted. At all events, several contributions have re cently been made to the subject, and appear to have found many readers. One of the latest is entitled "The Cri mean Wrar from First to Last," ex tracts from the private letters and journals of General Sir Daniel Ly ons, G.C.B., Constable of the Tower. This veteran was known in bis cam paigning clays by the honorable sobri quet of "Fighting Dean Lyons." 