KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXI—(Continued). Sir Arthur laid down the letter. The flush had faded from his face, leaving him very pale. " It is plain to be seen, by any one not wilfully blind, that the references are forged—by Miss Herncastle, of course, for her own ends. If Lady Dangerfield had taken the trouble to seek them and find this out for herself, no doubt her very clever governess would have been prepared with some plausible story to account for it. This much I must certainly say for Miss Herncastle—she is one of the very cleverest women I ever met. Do you need further proof that she is a designed adventuress? Let me tell you what my own eyes have seen--sufficient in itself to cure you of your folly, if this sort of folly is ever to be cured." He leaned back in his chair, looking sternly at Sir Arthur sitting like a culprit in the dock before him, and went on : " It was the very night before Sir Peter saw the ghost under the King's Oak, of which more anon. It was a hot night, brilliant moonlight, and it is a failing of mine that I can never sleep well on very bright moonlight nights. It was past eleven when I went up to my room. I knew it was useless to go to bed, so instead I sat down to write a few letters. It was half-past twelve when I finished the last— I lighted a cigar and sat down by the open window to smoke myself into sleepiness if I could. The stable clock struck one ; still I felt no inclination toward drowsiness. While I still sat there, to my surprise, I saw, at that hour, a woman and a man crossing the fields and approaching Scarswood. ''If you have noticed, and beyond doubt you have, Miss Herncastle possesses a very stately walk— a very commanding figure. I knew her instantly — I also, after a moment or two, recognized the man. Of him, however, it is needless to speak. He accompanied her to the very house; they parted almost directly under my window. I heard him promise not to betray her. She appeared to be absolutely in his power. When he left her she stood and watched him out of sight. All this was nearly about two in the morning, mind, when everybody supposed the governess to be in bed and asleep. How she got in I don't know. She came down the next morning, looking as self- possessed and inscrutable as ever. ''My suspicions were aroused, and I watched again the following night. Sir Arthur Tregenna, as surely as I tell you, I saw her steal softly under my window, a few minutes before midnight, and take her post under the King's Oak. The gallop of Sir Peter's horse could be distinctly heard on the road. She wore a long dark mantle, and as he rode up the avenue I saw her fling it off and stand be fore him all in white — her hair flowing, her eyes fixed. What followed, you know. She picked up her cloak and made her way back — how, Heaven knows. I tell you the simple truth — tomorrow I shall tell it to all the house — tomorrow Miss Herncastle quits Scarswood, and forever. Tonight I warn you, Arthur, my lad — my son almost. Pause while it is yet time— give up this miserable designing woman, and forever. Do not bring dis- grace on your dead father — on your honoured name — and lifelong misery on yourself. Go to Cornwall — go abroad— do anything, only see Miss Herncastle no more.'' The earl's voice broke — grew actually husky in the intensity of his emotion— in the perfection of his—acting. And still Sir Arthur sat like a stone. 'It has been a bitter blow to me — a blow more bitter than I can say. But I have learned to bear many bitter things in my life — this is but one more keen disappointment added to the rest. It will be better perhaps that we do not meet tomorrow--let me say it now--good-bye, and may Heaven bless you, Arthur.'' He rose and grasped the young man's hand. Sir Arthur arose, too— quite white now, and looked him full in the face. ''One moment, my lord — then good-bye if you will. All you have said I have deserved — no one can feel how I have fallen from honour and man -hood more than I. Whether it is still too late to repair my great fault, must rest with you. What I have returned to England for — what I came to Scarswood for — you must surely know. I shame to speak it. It was to see and know Lady Cecil Clive, and, if she could so far honour me, make her my wife. On the night I first met,'' he paused, and spoke the name with a sort of effort, ''Miss Herncaste, I had followed the Lady Cecil into the boudoir to place my fate in her hands. Of the spell that seemed to seize me from that moment, you know only too well —it is a sort of madness that I suppose few escape. For a time I was blind — I saw no danger. Lately, my eyes have been opened to my own guilt. There is but one who can be my wife ; whether or not I have wronged her too greatly to ask her, you may decide. If so, then I leave England the moment my Cornish business is settled ;if not.'' he paused, '' it shall be as you say, my lord.'' He folded his arms, very white, very stern, and awaited his answer. The bound that battered old organ, the earl's heart, gave at the words ! He was saved ! But his immovable face remained as immovable as ever. 'You are but mortal, Arthur, and Miss Herncastle is a most attractive woman. Without possessing a single claim to beauty, she is a woman to fascinate men, where the perfect face of a goddess might fail. She is a Circe, whose power all must feel. It is not too late, I hope, I trust; and yet Cecil is very proud. If she can forgive and accept you, I can, with all my heart I shall not say good-by, then, but good-night, and an revoir.'' He left him before Sir Arthur could speak — left him alone in the brightly-lit, empty drawing-room, He stood irresolute, then turned, and followed the earl from the room. Now was the time — now or never; let him hear his fate at once. Something lay like a stone in his breast— the dark, beguiling face, the soft flute voice of Helen Herncastle, was before his eyes, in his ears. Of all the women on earth she was the one woman he would have chosen for his wife, and Destiny had written that he must never look on her face again. In passing the length of the drawing-room to the door, he had to go by the tiny boudoir, where, on the evening of the theatricals, he had followed Lady Cecil. The curtains were only partly drawn ; and seated within, her hands folded listlessly in her lap, her eyes fixed on the dim starlight, he saw once more, as on that evening, the earl's daughter. As on that evening, he swept back the curtain, and stood, tall and dark, by her side. Her half-uttered exclamation died away. Before she could speak one word he was saying what he had come to say — hurriedly — incoherently— his face all sect and stern, looking as unlike a lover as can well be conceived. She drew a little away from him, her clasped hahds tightened over one another. She sat perfectly still and listened — a sort of scorn for him — a sort of scorn for herself — an utter weariness of everything, the only feelings she was conscious of. She listened with steady patience to the end. ''He was unworthy of her — infinitely unworthy ; he esteemed and admired her with all his heart ; it had been his dying father's wish— he had her father's consent. Would Lady Cecil Clive do him the honor to become his wife?'' She looked up at the last words, flushing red in the darkness. ''My father's consent,'' she repeated, slowly. ''Sir Arthur, tell me the truth. My father has 'been talking to you tonight? He has— oh! how shall I say it — he has ordered you to follow me here and say this ?'' ''On my sacred honour, no. I have been talking to your father — asking his permission to address you. I have said before I am unworthy; if you refuse me I shall feel I am receiving the punish- ment I richly merit. If you accept, me it will be the study of my life to make you happy.'' He stood and waited for her answer. ''His punishment,'' she repeated, with inward scorn. '' Ah, yes, Sir Arthur, my refusal would be a punishment not over hard to bear. He asks me, hoping — yes, hoping — though he may not acknow- ledge it himself, that I will refuse, and I— I must say yes.'' She must say yes— her whole future, her father's depended on it. She could not brave his anger she could not live this life forever— what would become of her if she refused ? All at once Torryglen rose before her, and Red mond O'Donnell's face, bright, eager, loving. Yes, in those days he had loved her. He had changed \--she was no more to him now than her cousin Ginevra, and, while life lasted, she must love him. No time to shirk the truth now ; she loved Redmond O'Donnell, and this man who stood beside her, ask- ing her to become his wife, loved Helen Herncastle. What a miserable, travestied world it was — what wretched hypocrites and cheats they all were. Why had she not been born a farmer's daughter to hold life with a wholesome, hearty interest — to love her husband and be loved in return. ''You do not answer,'' Sir Arthur said. ''I have lost all hold on your respect and esteem, as I deserve. Lady Cecil, will you not speak, at least, and let me hear my fate !'' ''What is it you wish me to say ?'' she asked, wearily, a touch of pain and impatience in her voice. ''You ask me to be your wife, Sir Arthur Tregenna. You are a man of truth and honour — you have lost neither my respect nor my esteem. Tell me truly— truly — do you really wish me to say yes ?'' ''I really wish you to say yes. If you do not say it, then I leave England again in a month — for for years — for life.'' She drew her breath hard — she spoke with a sort of gasp. 'You will leave England? Then there is no one else you will marry if ? ' ''There is no one else I will marry if you refuse — no one.'' He said it resolutely — a hard, metallic ring in his tone, his lips set almost to pain. ''There is no one else I will marry — if you refuse me I leave England. Once more, Lady Cecil, will you be my wife ?'' 'I — will be — your wife.'' The words were spoken — her voice faltered — her face was steadily turned to the still moonlight. It was over. He took her hand and lifted it to his lips. How chill its touch, but scarcely so chill as the lips that touched it. Then it was drawn away and she stood up. ''I leave here for Cornwall, as you know, to be absent two — almost three weeks. Tomorrow, be fore I go, I shall speak to Lord Ruysland. What ever I have been in the past — this much, Lady Cecil, you may believe of me — that you will ever be first in my thoughts from this honr — that I will make you happy if the devotion of a life can do it.'' ''I believe you,'' she held out her hand of her own accord now,'' and trust and honour you with all my heart. It is late, and I am tired. Good night, Sir Arthur.'' '' Good-night, Lady Cecil.'' She left him standing there, and went up to her own room. What a farce it had all been — she half smiled as she thought of it — love-making without a word of love, a proposal of marriage without a spark of affection between them. They were like two puppets in a marionette comedy playing at being in love. But it was all over — her father was saved — she would make a brilliant marriage after all. She had accepted him, and fulfilled her destiny. Her name was written in the book of Fate — Lady Cecil Tregenna. (To be continued.) 