* :SHRT0 STORY ;·i ob ·sH.. S. ne. INight of my Life. .ABOUT A MADMAN. " DiT1nuIOn Ar'-t,-- "I will try at d Hbe with yo tc-nigt. T, I Esinesns liakes it to is nisll tIe labout twenty miles from jour houte, and I c.nll noiit hear to 1le sn nire you sitlhut Itnling into your sweet evs and hearing yov say thatyet Y nIr true. to nte. so I shall ride over in 1th sfierno.n, and (ted wilting. shall hold you in mIy Iarms t-niEght. " Youn OwS Jic." haring disnpatchd !1 my d:ls'i business andI sent this letter to nty sweetheart, t,the tack therein mentioned. blioltetel ti] lhie a horse for the purtt-e of riding the twenty miles which separated iae frnimI Alice, mIy he trothed bride. As rtoy botsillnrss-which was that of a travelling nagent for a prsiperous ltouse-oblieeil mtee to be otftn aw-ty fron i hotrme, a chance like this to see Alice was very precious toI me. It was six oeclock in the crening when I started out on my borse froim the dcoor of lthe inn where I hadi been stopping. In rain was it that the landlord tried to diessuadnle ii(; his account of the lonely anId lesolate real, and of the frighltful tlhings whliclh hid hap pened on it, of the murdlers nod tiidnigilt horronrs which hlung over it, couldl not tiurn me fromn my purlpose. Even the tlhought that I must ipasn by the haunted rock, in the park, alone, and with no hiope of nil, sthoenil I require it, tlhat I must ride through pisces which the village legends peopled with spirits and ghosts of the departed travellers. could notdetertine. spurred onward amid tihe dlark forebodingu of tlhose assemiblol to wit. tiess my rnsh departure, my landlord's pro, ;bhesy of a suldden and violent vtort rinitinit in my ears ns I went.. I treated tlhese super stitiousna tales a menrely the inventlions of ignorant villagers,andl the soundls whicih were repoirted to issue front the aunted rock. asno. at best, coming from the throat of some human enemy, against whom a pistol wouldI \- be most effective. There were still two hours of daylight ice fore me, and as I rode along I was lost in thoughts of my sweetheart. I sernmed to see her standting on hier vine-covered porch, ready to welcome me with her briglhtsmnile. Thi ;daintg figure, with its blue eyes and waving hair, rose before my eyes; aitd so virvid was the yinion that I spoke hbe name half anlout. The otind of my own voice startled mtoe, and, l king i: pfor thnfirit time, I saw that the `. ky was growmng black. the wind was bowl Sitg; and rumbling disltant thunder was in `the iar. '. SIt mhad coe-the storm which my landlord had foretold. I spiurred on my horse; a big drop of ruin iiplashed over my face; the dark ness thickened; and at thle same instant through the gloom loomed up the outlines of the huge bohilder, which a turn in the road Ihad:betl athidden from my sight. A slight . tshvier crept overme as I recaled the talea ;Aonineoted with it, and thoughtiupon nty own lonely situation. i Something o tthis feeling seemed :to enter into my horse, for as we .neared the rock, shrouded ia;slatknems, he trembled' from head to foot. Using all my i strength, I forced him past it, and at the same linstant .there soundeduttpan my ear, a low l:i burst oflaughter. eolpcculiar.in its tone as to send an icyshulsdderthrough me. A somethling i,. that.was notituman sounded.init... It was +,2de1fieltdise' lhinh Coishonttlring my tmomeunt. err weakinesoo,-i'eratiu nei'·es' to'pierco \- :,;itihe darknessein he hope.of discovering the shape from,which those sounds proceeded, hut all iaiH silint and dederted as the grave. Thbhform, must have been swallowed uit in darkness, for I saw tnothine.- A strange feel iing of dread weighed on mny heart, vagune and i defirite, andt the night grew blacker and 'blackeor. The storm'drew nearer, and my everyeffort was now directed to gain some place of selul \- ,ter fromtthe rain. I looket in rainu fora light 'iu the distance; all was black andc deiolate; i': torrentsof rain tpoured down, sioking me to thetakin; thunder crashued, anid my ppor horse galloped as for his life. SOnce, between ithe thundler peals, I seemed to hear that isame low, tmial laughu in my ear. anil.lshuddering, I wildly spurred toy pbor horse. Just then a vivid flash of lightning Sillumined the roadl. dlisclosing a lut abiout a hundred feet itn advance; a eecntl liLash enabled me to reachl thle operting lwhich hoid onie bcen a door; but the iwhole mlisertalel plate was in a ruinons condiltion. For. -ears it had been abaudoned to wind and weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largect of the tionn rooms whichl the hovel boasted. The ceiling was brokent away, aol the rain pouredl in upon the rotting floor, and bent through the broken wvidlow. Nothing more fearful and more wilt could be- imigined; lbut still I welcomed it, iand turning the poor horse loose outsidle, I pasa into the inner room. A lightninig ftacih i.l luriuedit;.and standing upright against the opposite wall I saw the formi of a tran, hIis face distortaed by a smile of nwicked cunning, ard as.the darkness fell iagain, a slhriehting aingli mingled with the thunder.. t.M.ade desperate by the terr;rs of the night anld.of my loneliness, I strucik a mlatch nlol rtisbed forward; but the figure was cone,the omut dleserted. Turning, I itused into the first room, but it ,was equallyr tenanitlcs. Faull of wonder and - sttcince forebodings, -I chose a dry opet and threew myself uplo Sthe floor and tried to dsleep. aini endetlcavor; i. the figure haunted tie, and oIften, as fantigue overpoweredt me and sleep seemed on the poiit of relieving mtoe, the nmemory of that laughter would ring thlroughi my brain, and I would start wildly tip, to fild myself lyitng alone upon the floor with the sterm still rag jog without. Finally, quite eahausted, I fell into a deep dlumber, which lasted I know not ihowe lung. but-whichtwas suddenly sanl violently broketten b1y that same demoniac noise. This time I tried to rise, in vaint; a fearful weight was on iny chest. Straitning opte t -my eyes, I:blehld in the light of the tminon, which now.v tone through thie windiow. that anmt matte face bennlitig over mine. Terri tied bevondcxlpresonin, I serugglenl to free ainIfvifof tfIe creature upen me; bht my trmos and le- were fact bounl ; the conic ctnnintl gmile distortat the face, atith the Lssrintg eyes rolled as I etruggles vainly. I strove to shtilek, bst the nound dtnIte not; t faitit -grgle wUa the only result of my frantic eo furt. I -,At the same instant the creature above mI \-- ue:aud ivitli chlickleis ntllecrts, drew forth s oit of rope t tiodding his head antid -ibluer ing, he arranged a noote, andt with nootoer blood cunrling laugh, he placed it about my neck. - My fiod, the agony pf thnt otht ecnt, wnien I realised ftlat I was absolutely at the nvercy of a madmani 1 Tighterand tighter hIe lreow the rope, till my face grew black witit setito cation, and my eyes and tongue started fromt Smy, head. Conecitiusnvisn was alimost golie 'when the pressure was i-unity, sleatily re laxed. noel the maniacn s feateirto glaret itniwit upon. pae once more. I brenLhued d in ; he hbal spared me; the rmsh of joyful feelietg neusrlyorcrmettome. lie miarkeel thoexpres sion of my face. and, clutuckling, dirieuthe1 noose again, exulting to watcit my fnee pit d e, nttlt my eyce ptretruide. Twertly tiues I hidiuglhtt my deatt agony at ttnil, and twenty times, with a maniac's cntning, Ie resteired \- n my brenth. ntl prolonuged my trturt. -Ifiow .echlucklel andmanttecedt to limielft, wag &l; iit itie hiendislh heitl,andt ih Ii-ty Glhliluw; when I utrgeled to get free. wrestling in a ony wi lie nh rad torture,bhe utferedjhis ilaane-e cultingjaugh... -- -- - - - -: - ¶ow I touged and prayed for deatht; low I boneduehis mniadman wtulit once draw the -t.oso-5 tight that, wheti relsted, my hreouit -wophd stil) cefuise, to come. hudtgdtlfty his brati seuemed poesesoed. withi some new *la----------- 8lnwly he drew off the rope, and, with one ehaeiewuir~d- :vctaue, left flee S ornlinetAt frst, I \- isarul not hnpii~ for-llif&; bat when fltlbtinGl - ent;bv.anh ditjlihbej tmerlqts I ibeget:i to thi k thiat be was gone ctitirely,tonl thait iny \-- - ifemight yt be esved; - strugled teo free manyetf once.momro; struggled and wtittled Stil my hetl eazlad bntst tbbou~b my DOOy but in vrni. Just toen a new sound caliht my car, filling me with unutterable dread. A fork of ight shot up. Yes, it was true, tbe maniac had set fire to the hovel. And now I saw his face grinning at me through the window. SMaking one last supcr. human effort. I uttered a fearful shriek. The madman leaped in at the window, and, at the amne instant, another form followed him. Some one amired me. I knew no more. Wmhcn consciousness returned, I was lying upen a bed in nmy sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in her gentle eyes, was watching my slow return to life. I learned afterwards, when my strength rcturnedl, that the mnadmanl hal escaped fromes an asylum in the neighbllorhoodl, and being nisled, hii keeper, attralcteld by the sight of the hlames, arrived just in time to save mile free the horrible fate which seemed to await me. I had fallen into a rdeep swoon., arnd. fromr that into a raging fever, and during my ravings enouch was learned to sendrl me to the house which had beco my destination when I started out the previous night. As soon an I was well again Alice annd I were nmarried, andl were surely happnlier than it falls i to the lot of most mortals to be; but lnever while I live shall I forget the ngonies of that one night of my life. 