Secrets of tbe Xonbon Streets. {ALL XIGHIS XX9KBVZB.] BY HAP.RY BLYTH, Author of 'Secret* ef She London Squares,' he. No. 7. . j LIKE A THIEF IN THE NIGHT. m BACHELOR'S chambers in fasfaion \- able London. Handsome Cyril Searle, ?who, though barely thirty years of age, has grey hair, a pensive face, and deep grieftul eyes, sits chatting and smoking wifch younger, brighter, bo* not better-looking Percy Rankin. ' ' By the way,' aays ihe latter, languidly, ''Mary Luckless m to be married this morning. It:s deuced queer that she has remained so long on the stocks She must be thirty if she's a day — an undeniable beauty and an heives*. By Jove ! if I'd have been iu England she should no* have held her liberty do long.' ' Miss Luekless ie only twenty -eight,' Cyril remarks, quietly. Somebhiu g i n his companion's tone makes Percy eye him with more interest. ' Wha* an *m I xtn,' lie cries afbe? a momen t''s pause. ' I had quite forgo tAen fchafc yon are one of her old lovers. How was the affair broken off — 1 never beard tke particular# ' Cyril takes three long draws at his cigar, and then replies : — ' She jilted me. The whole affair went the round of the clubs, a'nd for a time I was the best pitied man in London. If you are anxious to hear the particulars, you mayas well have the truth from me as a garbled account) from some conscienceless gossip.1' ' Tell me all about it, old chappie.' He pauses and studies Cyril's face narrowly. ' Thai is, if the recital will noV give you pain- But, pshaw ! that in nob lik«lv. You must have got your conge soon after I left for India, and that's five years ago. Who, in the natue of the kind gods, ever suffered heartache so long as that ? ' The smoke couae« from Cyril's moufeh ta loner, slow curls. ' On my soul,' lie says, earnestly, ' 1 love Mary *8 dearly to day as I did on that evening when, under the great trees belong i*|f to &e; very m&n; she is to wed to-day, I wooed aad won be*.'' Neither speak for aoiae little time. Percy look* almost a* serious as hie &iond.; At last Cyril resumes, — ' I nfreiher first at Uarlingtiwytd'a place. £ *m down there shooting. Shell ad accom panied her father, who shot there regularly every season. She waa then 23 years of 'age, and the marvel to everyone wae fefaatshe had not married. She was a gentle, affectionate girl, without an atom of the Itirb hi her dispositioH. Sht ma.ua.geit to set' all hearts aflame, and yet persistently rejected erery suitor. The curious thing ?was that all her lover* were more devoted to her after she had rejected then than before. I have heard raote than one say that whan she pronounced the fatal sentence die did it with tear* m he? eyes, and with ^vMent retac&uice; and pain. They came w .. ay from her more sorry for her than for themselves. Like many others, I fell a victim before her beauty ; but from our first ? meeting she treated me with marked cool aeas. I only dared to worship her in sfleace and in sorrow. One evening, how ewer, as we were scrolling beneath the glorious treta of Darlingmead Hark an unaccountable temerity seized me, and I poured into her ears the story of my love. I **5 prepared to tell her that 1 would . leave ? her aud never seo her more, for x ieiD comment tnac any passion was a nope ' leas one, when to my surprise she bid her ; faea in nay breast, and confessed that she ' loved me, ' Thank heaven,' she murmured, 1 'that you did not- ask me to be your wife .two days ago, for if you had I must have refused yon.' I wag too full of joy at that moment to ask her to explain her words, but afterwards I often pondered over tbem. Her father accepted me as his future son-in-law with cordiality. I fancy that he was growing anxious about his daughter, and really wanted to see ber named. I had expected him to throw all j -kinds of obstacles in our way. About a week before the day fixed for the ! wedding I received a hastily written letter from Mary begging me to see ber without delay. 1 lost no time in ' going to her. She tottered rather than ' walked to me as I sat in her father's draw ing-room. She was as white as death. 'Good heavens, Mary!' I cried, 'what ; has happened to you ?' ? ' Have mercy upon we,' she moaned, ' ' and do not question me. Forgive me, Cyril, bub I can never be your wife.' Before I could catch her she fell heavily upon the floor. Her father and some domestics rushed in. They carried Iter to her room, and a doctor was sent for. Then X was told that it would be better for me twfc to come to the house, as the mere ? r, --f my name dangerously excited i h: r. -:i-i -.veil, I think that's all.' j ' i -at she never givey ou auy explana uull !' ' Never. I naturally expected to hear of her marriage with a richer man directly she recovered' froui the illness that followed my (lismissal, and while this thought was on ate I tried to make myself believe that I hated her. But for live years she has been doing little more than refuse offers; and this fact makes me confident that I was not ! ,so unceremoniously dismissed through auy £ique or whim. There is a mystery some where, Percy. The man she was to marry to-day — whose wife she must be by this ; time — the old Duke of Darlingmead, is one of the very best fellows in the world, but I (jfae very last -that she could louc. Poor liary, I wonder what secret sorrow prey.* upon your heart ' 'I'm awfully sorry for you, oldrJiappie, hub if you'd take my advice you'd forget all about her. If ever a woman plays me a. trick T havft /.in r«/»llA/*tinii nf her existence two minults after.' Pulling out hia watch he rises hastily, ' By Jove ! I promisee' to meet Simmonds at twelve — | he wants to sell that chestnut mare of his, you know — it's nearly half-past now. See you to-morrow, old man.' ' E don't think so,' says Cyril. ' Didn't I tell-you thatl was going away? Yes, my dear boy, going away. I leave London Co-night. Where am I going to? lean scarcely tell you I want change, and I intend to have it anywhere— everywhere.' Percy expresses hi* amazement at this statement, and only regrets that he cannot /stay- longer with hi? friend. ' If it wasn't for that chestnut mare — Cyril, with a faint, smile, silences bis pro test* ; tbe two shake hand?, aud Mr. Sea He resumes his chair to smoke and to thin^^' 3?or a little time the present fades away., mm* Cyril Searle lives ones mare iu the iwinrinnn jri r elct vuiue — jyiatya Again whispers sweet things to him; bis juaas encircle her waiat ; the playfnl breeze blows the golden October leaves till tfcey kiss the flushed faces of the happy 4nes. The old thrill is on bim now ; his ,1»eart swells within iiim till Ije ia mad with ecstasy ; she loves him3 and him alone J 'Then the sun grows dark, and the voice jeeases ; a pale, stricken, agonised woman vfttands before him ; he turns icy cold ; it ,-jHfcms as if dear life itself were leaving him, jgad he can see no more. His face is calm, no tears fall from his es ; God alone knows how he suffers. The morning passes, the afternoon oomes, and still lie sits and dreams. Presently he ,30968 and carelessly throws a few odds and \jith1k into a portmanteau that is already -yearly, full 'My last (lay here,' he mutters; 'I ___.) ? r „i..,n ....... r 'IVWIiUCi ' HCU11CI. a .-««»?? n \s*isL (/./iiuvh- '?giin?' He pauses. 'I should like to see infc* '-.old spot before 1 leave England. I jhnnW like to irandsr for the list time among the old trees, where first she said she loved me, and f# stand for the last time on that little mound where, seated tosretlter, we passed so many happy days. Bail ! I am a sentimental idiot. \V hat are the trees and what is the mound to me now? Notwithstanding his words, and the bitter tone that accompanies them, tbe desire, having once found utterance, grows and grows, and at last masters him. There is no difficulty in gratifying it. The Duke of Darlingmead and his wife are to spend their honeymoon in Italy the papers say. Cyril has been far too liberal a visitor to b8 easily forgotten by the Duke's servants. He will be allowed to wander about the | | grand old park withont let or hindrance. But he is very jealous of his grief. If he is seen in the neighbourhood of the duke'e mansion at the moment of his Grace's ! marriage people may guess what the emotion is that has brought him into that ! district. So a strange fancy seizes him. He I will go over theonce-loved ground at night; i he knows every inch of the estate. The \ chances are that he will accomplish his pur pose unnoticed. If he is seen, it cannot be helped ; he will, at any rate, not be inter fered with. This course will delay his .departure from England two or tire© days, but of what conseqnence is time now to Cyril Searle? Jue is too late to-aay, lor cne ai&ornoon; train has already gone, but to- morrow night will see hrtu in Darlingmead Park. He stretches himself, yawns, and light ing a cigar goes out. He feel? a disinclina tion to enter his club— so many there will want to know why he is leaving England. So be dines at Kettner's daintiest ot restaurants, immortalized by Sala. beloved by Dallas ! He drinks more freely of wine than is his custom, but, though it is long past midnight when he returns to liis chamber?, his gait is steady and his cheek utifiuihed. Wine cannot effect him in his present mood. The following night — tine, but with heavy masses of white cloud floating every now and again across tbe full moon — linds him standing under the shadow of the leafy monarchy of Darlingmead Park. His head his bowed upon his breast ; tbere he stands quite motionless. A hand is laid upon Km shoulder, and a rough voice rouses him. ' Hullo ! what the — are you doing here V' He looks up. ' Lor,' eries the astonished gamekeeper, ' it beant Mr. Searle, it's bis ghost. Thank you, sir : I'm sure it's very kind «f you. No, air, you're right ; ghosts don't carry sovereigns about 'em — leastways I never heard o' s«eh a thing. Suppose you've been up to the house inquiring after her Grace's health, sir ?' 'The Duchess!' Cyril gasp*. ' Why, man, she is i/i Italy.' '?'Begging your pardon, sir, but she's up in the house. Directly the ceremony waa done she gave an awful scream and fell down in a dead faint. When she was brought to she said that she was too ill to go to Italy, and would eome on here.' i 'What a fool I was to come,' Cyril mutters to himself. 'If it were known that I was lurking about here, all sorts of absurd rumours might arise. Aloud he adds—' I certainly thought that they were both away. I was enjoying a ramble among the old trees just for the sake of old times.' ' Surely, sir.' 'You need not mentnen that yoo have seen me, Garter.' ' By no means, sir.' Again there is a jingle of money, ami the two men separate. ' I must get on to the main road as, quickly as possible,' Cyril says to himself. There is a short (rut which rune by the north wing of the house. Fll take it. The trees will conceal me.' He has proceeded neat ly half a mile in safety, when suddenly he steps. He (tears voices quite close to him. He crouches among the underwood. He is compelled to listen. To his dismay the one voice belongs to the Duchess, to the woman he so desperately loved ; the other is the snarl of a vindictive and ill-bred man. '?God alone knows all the misery you have caused me,' said the Duchess, a sharp note of agony in her tone. ' When I, a weak school-girl, in a mad moment became your wife, I could not conceive it possible that there existed in the world so cold blooded a monster as yourself. Soon after the ceremony was performed you left me; I heard nothing of you ; I did not know whether you were dead or alive. Fearing to confess the truth to my father, not know ing whether I was widow or wife, living in constant terror lest you at any moment should aonear and declare vourself.Isuffered such a«ony as should soften even a harder heart than yours. When at- last I obtained what I considered to be conclusive evidence of your death, and 1 accepted the man I loved before all the world, when I flattered myself that I was at last free, and that the heavy burden I had borne for so long was about to leave me, my cup of happiness was dashed from me, aDd your ugly shadow came again to darken my life. Felix Durand, you are a fiend !' The man chuckles, and replies iu rasping tones, 'That follow- S carte was not rich enough for my purpose. I led you for a second time to suppose me dead, and then you did wlist I all along wanted you to do — you married one of the richest men in England. When we were first joined it'tfie altar I made up my mind that yq\j 'should be to me only a wife in nam^- -would 'o from you, and let you thi D£- dead ; then when you had married wQa]th, I determined that I would show mys,eif5 alHj share that wealth. Oh, I was Running —very, very cunning, ff we had declared our marriage at the time your father would have turned you into the str«W t should ltavp. had a I woman to'suMfo^ instead of having one to ['support; me.'*/ j Mr. Felyf Durand had not condescended ' ! t-o -'peaW/bhe whole truth. As a fact, he ' was arreted1 on a chargc of forgery soon j after mmriage and imprisoned for some ] time./ it was onjy after stopping Mary's j -'!&n; with Cyril that the notable thought j 'Zcurred to him how he might make thin«s j /ery pleasant for himself by allowing the 1 ?'nhappy woman to drift into an alliance j Wl^.h a wealthy nobleman. Mary wsls an j 'heirt,?y) jt js £rue . but Felix had discovered i that a stroke from her father's pen might i make hi^r penniless, and he felt sure that if j he were tu, assume his marital rights her j money woU jd be taken from lier. | A low raofcm escapes the Duchess. '' What are .your terms ?' she asks. 'The termt- aje easy— ridiculously so. , An allowance ok one thousand five hundred : a year, and I will\never trouble you ; I will i never see you agail-j. j will go right away.' ' If I confess eve^y thing to the Duke ?' ' In that case yoiy are no longer recog nised as his wife. have to live with your own true husband— me. - She draws from him, and shuy)^«rs from head to feot. | x «iu iw iwHii cnuure uuo uw^caaV'i^ion, i she mutters. ' aad I would rather di|e this minute than live with you.' \ She wrings her hands, and the tws pttyss ' ! on, till Cyril can no longer hear them. HW [.stands up. He can see both their forms in } ? the distance. S His face is like one hewn out of white { marble. As he watches Mr. Felix Durand there is a deadly glitter in his eyes. ' Poor darling,' he murmurs, 'you have suffered much. God liimself most have sent me here to-night to destroy that monster, and to release you from the galling chain which now bears you down.' They walk farther away, but it is wonder ful how clear his sight is to-night. He can see Felix Durand as distinctly as though he was wft∈ a yard of him. Now they part, she to find her way back to the bouse ; he tosneak to the main road. Cyril reaches the thoroughfare at the same tnne that the Frenchman does, but the latter is some' distance in advance. 'I would kill him now,' Cyril says, betwQSg} j^s &ssiih;, 'but if our bodies are found fega.ti mil compromise ber. He is going & t&s; station, he oontiouea, ' he intends to catch the mail train.' The watcher and the watched reach Lon don together in the grey light of early mora faff. Felix Xfriraad is traced to a disrepafe aWe bouse in Lnpus:strcet-, Pimlico. Cyril ' carefully makes a note of the number, and drives to his chambers. He throws himself upon his bed, but does not sleep. He rife? when his breakfast is announced, and passes the morning in writ ing letters. 'For her sake,' he says to himself, 'it must appear an accidental quarrel m a bad house. If it were once suspected that I killed him to save her, she would be but little better off than she is now.' His letters are all in the same strain, cheerful, chatty communications to the effect that he has changed his mind, and intends remaining in England. 'A good round of dissipation trill rouse me up, I think,' he says in all of them, ' at anyrate Pin going to try it.' To hia mother he writesineven boisterous spirits, but with unusual affection. When he has finished bis correspondence he carefully examines a cass of pistols. They appear to be in' perfect order, and he places them in bis pocket. He jumps into a cab, and directs the driver to take him to Lupus-street, Pimlico. Arrived at his destination, he throws the man a sovereign. ' Ain't you got nothing smaller, sir?' 'Keep the change,' he says curtly. ' I want Mr. Durand.' He is speaking now to the saucy -looking drudge who has answered his ring. The creature leads him into a back room on t-he second floor. Felix is lolling in an old arm-chair smoking execrable tobacco. Cyril enters, closes tbe door behind him, locks the door, and placos the key in his pocket. Durand starts up and seizes the bell- pull. His visitor levels a pistol at him, and, in clear, calm tones, says : — 'Take your hand from that bell or I fire.' Terrified, amazed, white, trembling, the Frenchman lets hia hand fall to his side. ' Who are you? What does this msan 1' he gasps. 'My name is Cyril Seai'le, 'is the answer. Durand quivers more violently. That inexorable eye is upon him. It fascinates him ; it makes his heart ctand still. Some faint glimmering of the truth strikes bis disordered faculties. ' Ave you going to murder me T he pants. 'Iamgoiugto kill you,' is the cold answer, 'but you shall have your revenge by killing me, too. Take that other pistol; the moment you have it in your hands I will flie. Take it, I say, or I will shoot you dead now and blow my own brains out afterwards.' Felix makes a sudden snatch at the weapon hoping to be first, but the two bullets pass each other in the centre of the room, and both men fell back dead ! That night every London evening paper had on its placards - 'Fatal Qcarekj. in a Disokse< House,' aud for a little time this dreadful tragedy was the talk of the town. Many who read these lines will remember the incident quite well. Those who knew Cyril intimately marvelled greatly ; he was not the man one would expect t-o find iu such a place. There was only one per«ju who guessed the truth, and this was the Duchess of Darlingmead. The keeper had told her ladyship of Cyril's presence in the park on the night preceding the tragedy, and with woman's quick instinct she realised what had followed. She is almost the richest, she is certainly the most miserable woman in the three kingdoms. She can never forget the time when her scoundrelly husband came to her like a thief in the night ; and Cyril's image is always before her. A little plaintive voice toe is, sleeping or waking, ever whis pering in her ears, *' How he loved me. How he loved me.' The Duke wonders why her pillow i6 so often bathed with tears, and why her eyes are so frequently red with, weeping. THE KJTD. 