RETURNING TO THE FOLD. The " Catholic Times " states that in the abbey ohnroh of tho Benedictines, Yprea, Belgium, Mr. Charles E. Uoppct, for many years an inhabitant of Hnmmersmith, and for ten years churchwarden of the Protestant church of St. John, Hammersmith, was received into the Catholic Church on 2.1th Juno by the llight llev. liishop of Lahore, India, assisted by the Very Rev. Canon Deleyn, of the Cathedral, Bruges, and the president of the Diocesan College, Ypres. Mr, Goppet tnade at the same time his first Communion, and received the Sacrameat of Confirmation. It is interesting to know that five of his children aro Catholics. Prince Frederick of Schu-nhurg Waldenbnrg has (says the " Lega Loiu- Harda ") become a convert to tho Catholic Church. The Baroness Frida von liantxan, who has abjnred Lutheranistu, i* a relative ot Prince Bismarck («ays the " Tablet "I. She was received by Cardinal Maxell* tn the Chapel of the German College. Lady Herbert, of Lea, acted as sponsor, as also to Miss Lettice Sorbin;, who was received on the Feast of St. John the Baptist by Mgr. Merry del Val. Miss Sperling was confirmed on the same da\ hy Mgr. Tacci- Porcelli, Bishop of Citta delta Pieve. Both ceremonies took place in the Conwnt Chapel of Marie licpar* trice. The " New Orleans Eveutng " states that in a card addressed to the " Episco palians of Mississippi Coa$t," and pub i»hwl in a morning patwr, Mr. Nelsoi t>eretofoi# one of the most aeftaacrificing of prieets attached to the ctioc««« that is MittpH"! to th rate of Bishop li. Miller Thompson' announces his intention of resigning from the priesthood of the Anglican communion and fmm all fellowship with that denomination; or, in other words, the Gentleman referred to has become, or i« about to become, a member of the Rnntan Catholic Church. The fv>tlowing t» the letter which the Rev. Mr. Ayrea tent to hia Bishop announcing the tact t —" My J)ear Buthop,—'This iop!«ce in your hands my miguatiou as ints*ionary on the coast, and with it my resignation af the ministry of the Episcopal Church, It i« unnecessary for ute to go into my msern for this step further than to say thnt I have at last «e«a the foil; of trying to be a C«tholic and a l^rotestut at the Mu« time. For yourself, niy dear Bishop, 1 entertain no feeling but the r4feunie«t rapeet and afiwttoa. I deeply, and heartily thank you for, tho considorntion and kindness thnt lmvo mnrked all your relations to me—relations which I cannot stiver without denp pain and retjret. I bog your forbonrtinco and your prayers, and mnnin over, nITuotinnatoly yours," Tho following rensons woro addressed by Mr. Ayros to his oongrpfftition :— " Eduonted in n PrnioRtnntdonoiuiimtion bitterly prejudiced against everything CiUholio, my Ktndy of tho S( , ri])turua and of history early drove nio to tho Episcopal Church, under tho conviction that sho wns at IcaBt a living branch of that Church ot God whioh Ho purchased with his own previous blood. I have bolicvod and taught that her ruinittors wero real priests, her sncrnmcutH notuul channels of divine graoo, nnd her teachings tho utterances of the Holy Ghost. For woro thun twenty-three years 1 lmvo exercised her ministry in this persuasion, though for tho Inst twenty of thorn with growing doubts, hard to snpnroHs and distressing to ontDitikin. Flan I regarded mora tho notuixl facts of tho world nnd loss tho theories of tho narrow school in tho Cnuroh, with which I have been more or less identified, 1 should not have bm>n so long in doubt, for tho Church of God is ns a 'city sot on a hill, that cannot hn hid.' It is this Church that touches God's truth with n voice of oertainty and authority: it is this Church thiu'elsiuis for, nnd hns in, its sncrnments nil that the Lord Jesus promised; it is this Church tlmt tnal.es it her business, ss her Lord did, to tnkc away the sins of the world. I dnrc not longer withhold my obedienco lroiu the holy Catholic Church." 