Mb. James H. Bbuneeb— The many friends of the above gentleman will regret to hear that -ub condition yesterday and to-day was of ench a serious nature as tfl Cause the utmost anxiety to hiB mite, family, and relatives. This morning at four o clock ' he had an attack of windy spasms about the heart, and Dr. Russell was sent for and attended at once. During the day, however, Mr. Brunker was some toVirJ-. paster. Ever since his illness he has been visited by large numbers of friends, who feel the greatest sympathy with him in his unfortunate accident. The doctor, however, would not allow any callers to visit him to-day, and has enjoined the utmost quiet for the present. A Singleton Ghost Story.— For some days past rumours have been current in Singleton that a ghost had shown itself in the vicinity of Pawcett s paddock, at a spot where some years ago was last seen on his way to his home at the Bnlga, a man named Vickery. This person had, it is alleged, a large sum of money upon him whea he disappeared. And, from time to time, ever Jince be has 'been missing, rumours have arisen of strange lights and other appearances at the place where he is supposed to have vanished. One Of the recent rumours is to the effect that, walking in the gloaming, a resident of South Singleton overtook (as he thought) a friend, only to find empty air when an attempt was made to inflict a gentle tap on the shoulder of the form. More recently still, lights are said to have become visible in the paddock shortly before nine o'clock at night. Last Friday night, in fact, a party of watchers did see a mysterious light, which lured them into a fruitless chase and finally died out and wia seen no more. Subsequent parties were, however, not favoured by the manifestation of any light. We apprehend the whole buisness may be put down as a piece of practical joking. A Wedding Party. — Last evening a very enjoy able party was given by Mr. and Mrp. Geo. Maher at their residence, Concord House, in honour of the marriage of their daughter. A goodly company re sponded to the invitations issued, and the guesta were received and entertained in a right royal fashion. Dancing to the delightful music of Mr. Vial's parlour orchestra commenced at eight in the spacious balcony, and what with music, singing, and refreshments a very pleasant and enjoyable evening was spent. Miss Duffy presided at the piano, and the following gentlemen contributed to the harmony of the evening. Messrs. B. H. Swin burne, Bruce Koss, J. Scobio, P. D. Goble, and J. F. Maber, while the latter gentleman made an ex cellent M.C. Mr. George Buxton J.P., thanked Mr. and Mrs. Maher on behalf of the company for their Mnd hospitality, and in eulogistic terms proposed their healths, which were drunk enthusiastically with vocal honours. Mr. Maher suitably re sponded. The party broke up bhorfcly after mid night. Lecture on Gas-Lighting. — By referring to an announcement in another column it will be noted that Mr. J. L. Bruce wiil deliver a lecture on Thursday evening, in the Technical 'School, on ' Gas-Lighting,' etc. Admission is free, bo that there 9hould be a large attendance to hear the in teresting lecture. '! Miss Ida Hyndes. — We are pleased to hear that this young lady had bo far recovered from her recent severe illness as to be able on Monday last to take a trip to Sydney for a change of air. During her stay in the metropolis Miss Hyndes will stay with the nuns at tne Lewisham Convent. Order ' of Sales. — The order to be observed by fat stock Balpsmen at the Campbell's Hill yards to morrow will be : — 1. Messrs. Bdwd. HiggenB, Marshall, and Co. 2. Mr. E. W. Sparke. 3. Mr,, J N. Brunker. Chinese Eestriction Statistics.— 'Under the provisions of the Chinese Restriction Act of 3888 the arrivals of passengers and crews for seven years to date shows a total of 23,122 Chinese ar rived, entered, and accounted for at the Custom house. Of this number 252 landed aC Sydney, 4946 sailed for China, 961 for Melbourne, 545 for New Zealand, 231 for Tasmania, 166 for Queens land, for Scuth Sea Islands 1, remaining in port 1, died in port 5. 16,014 crew sailed by the vessels in which they arrived. In addition to the above 4661 Chinese passengers left Sidney. The 252 Chinese landed during the seven years are repre sented by 221 naturalised British subjects, 4 British born, 10 returned on exemption permits, 16 paid each .£100, and 1 is in gaol. We heartily recommend ARNOTT'S MILK AER0WR00T BISCUITS for Children. 538 An Action for the Recovery op a Sweep. — .a 'Case presenting some unusuai teatures was initia ted in the Bankruptcy Court, Sydney, yesterday. It seemed that in connection with the Australian Cup a sweep was organized and the purchaser of a ticket in the name of E. Drake became entitled to receive £3366 9s Id. Among the purchasers of tickets was the wife of Dr. E. S. Pierey (who prior to marriage was known as Miss Augusta Dargon, a noted Shaksperian actress), who stated that she gave her husband the money with which to buy the tickets in the sweep. The successful ticket was ?made out in the name of E. Drake, a name wbiah she herself chose. She drew Havoc, the winner. A bank draft for £3366 9s Id was sent to her. She endorsed this ' E. Drake,' but the manager of theBanh of New South Wales refused to pay the amount on the ground that the identification had not been established to his satisfaction. Mra. Pierey next t*l*jj±Li'\\* u... uuc A^nuni u£jui*(y viiuiu UU GSLUUllOll UcL claim as against the official assignee of her bus band's estate, who claimed the amount of the sweep on the alleged ground that the sweep ticket was purchased by money furnished by Dr. Pierey, and Dr. Pierey being bankrupt, the proceeds of the ticket belonged to his creditors. This ie the issue which the Court is called upon to determine. Mean while the Bank of New South Wales has paid the money into the Bankruptcy Court. Me. Eddy's Re-engagelient. — In the 'Assembly yesterday afternoon Mr. Molesworth asked the Government whether there was any truth in the report that Mr. Eddy had accepted an appointment in connection with the Victorian railways. Mr. Brunker replied that the Government, had no infor mation on the subject. Nothing definite ib known about tbo matter, but an impression prevails among members that Mr. Eddy has bean approached by che Victorian Government with a vieiv of obtaining- his services in reorganising the Victorian railway syB tem, which is generally understood here to be in an unsatisfactory condition. The report goes (ac cording to the Herald) that Mr. Eddy haB been offered £10,000 to put the Victorian rail ways on a satisfactory basis in, suy, two years. One argument used by those who be!i«V3 there is some truth in the rumour is that the Victorians are anxious to secure the benefit of Mr. Eddy's 1 New South Wales experience in regard to the Siverina differential railway rates. Even if the rumour is correct, no immediate step can be taken, as Mr. Eddy's engagement with New South Wales does not terminate till October next. It may fee .mentioned that there is no possibility of the Assembly pasoing the bill to increase the salary of the Chief Railway Commis sioner to ,£4000 per annum. A careful esti mate of the probable vote on the question ehowa that there ? is a majority of from 20 to 26 against any .increase in the salary. Even the compromise of £3500 would not be accepted, though members would be willing to have Mr. Eddy's appointment renewed at £3000 a year. This could be|done by the 'Government at once without approaching fParlia m!nt- Ifc is regard^ sa repair?, Jjnwover, that Mr. 'Eddy would not accept a renewal of his engagement attne old salary. There is a possibility that mem bers would consent, to vote the £4000 a vear if Mr. Eddy was made the sole Comsaissionw, 'but this is a step whhich the-Governmentis not likely to take. At the Bombay Zoological Gardens the skinof a sea serpent 64 feet in iength is on exhibition. The English lord chancellor gets 50,000dols a year ; the United States chief justice gets ;10,500dol8. The art of bell-founding us one of great antiquity ?Bells were used in England long before the Normaa ooonquest. There were two total eclipses of fcho snn in the i .year 1712 and two in 1889. This rare phenomenon ' will not happen again until the year 2057. A painting of the catacombs of Thebes is so well ?done .that after a lapse of 4,000 years the colors are as bright as when first laid on. In Siam, when a funeial is passing, the women take down their hair, unfaston their beads, and tho men fumble around in their pookets for a little piece or metal to hold between their teeth. The power of herculite, a new explosive, is al most beyond belief. A halt pound of it would more witty tons of stone, 