the june magazines . FIRST NOTICE. Mr. Balfour's book, The Foundations of Belief t still afford lots of scope to the scientific school of thinkers to point out and rcfuto the follaoios nnda tnuddiness of- thooght with 'which It abounds. Death unfortunately out off Mr. Huxley before ho could finish the article, of wnion ue nau puDiisnca part, upon win BUtqeoc ; but Air. Herbert Spenoer bos taken up tho cud gels in the Juno Fortnightly, and has also taken Mr. Balfour to thsk as to certain misrepresenta tions tho new Lord of the Treasury had made of the groat thinker's views. Mr. Balfour, in depicting the insulficienoy of Boieuce without theology to explain tho phenomena of tho world, states that — " One such remedy consists in simply setting up side by side with tho creed of natural soieneu another and supplementary aetof beliof, whioh may minister to needs and aspira tions which science cannot meet." Mr. Spencor, in reply, points out that this statement kegs the question, for if the oxistonco of Bitch a ruling Power is tacitly assumed by tho argumont urged In proof of it, the reasoning is circular. On tha other hand, unless tho oxiatcnce of kuoIi a 1'ower be aisuinvd, how coti It bo assumed that tho constitution of thing iu ono which " ministors" to mon'u " needs and aspirationa " ? He then points out that diffsront creed fulfil different aspirations, nnd pertinently asks, "When the baselessness of his belief in an unlimited supply of houris, to be hereafter provided, is shown to a Maho metan, insy he urge that his 'needs and aspirations ' cannot be otherwise satisfied, and that, therefore, his faith must bo truo?" On tho question of Hoason nnd Authority, Mr. Spencer shows that tho olaims of soiencc are far superior to those of theology, illustrating hia contention by the history of tho foretelling of eclipHes, begun by tho Chaldean priests and continued dowu to the preseut day with out a ninglo failure. Tho theological part of tho Biblical statements is exactly the con- voiae, for there tho idea of an anthropomorphic deity, with all the passions and emotions of a man, has been refined down into the vague power of tho God of modern divinity. For those who admire cold, logical arguments without a spark of spiritual warmth in tbem Mr. Spencer's articio will bo doubtleM satisfactory. Wo arc beooming accustomed to artiolcs In the English magazine upon tho fallacies of free-trade, a subject which until recently was taboo. Mr. Andrew Koid writes upon The New Party, and although not ndvooating protection as a remedy, hu denouncou free- trade in a manner which must make Uobden and Bright turn in their grave. Free-trade, ho says, " has depopulated our fields ; it has Hwarmod the people in slums ; it has wasted our island; it is used to ooerce our laborers; and now in Afrioa, with red hands, it plants its last standard — Trade follows the flag." Ho repeuts the now fully recognised truth that the real object of frcc-trndo wan, by giving the laborer a cheap loaf, to givo the manufacturer cheap hands for his mills. What, howover, the work ing inan gained by the big loaf be lot by being driven into the towns, where ho had to pay high rents ; and new the mill owner \l whines hehind the little loaf that such is foreign competition, that ho munt either reduce wages or shut up his mills." The remedy that Mr. Rcid suggests is what wo should eall village settlements, by which tho people would be replaced on tbe soil and made producers of corn for thoir own benefit, and not for that of the present landlords, instead of being importers of grain and exporters of the very land of thoir own island, . as is shown by tho enormoms exports of coal nnd iron. The remedies ho suggests may or may not be efiicaoioua, but tho article is' a oonvinoing denunciation of free-trade aud the evils it has brought in its wake. An Oxford B.A. narrates how an English girl suc cessfully passed the examinations at C&mbridco; and Oxford, but, owing to the regulations of those universities, was disqualified from obtain ing the reoognied degrees. Thereupon she prooeodsd to Gottiugen, where after a tremen dous lot ofjwiro pulling she obtained tho coveted distinction. From this the Oxford B.A. argues that Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin should also open their gateH to sweet girl graduates, lest they may in timo lose the great abilities of the now woman, lie admits that a university degree is utterly uselosa to 10 out of every 12 graduates, and would bo equally so to women; but thoy -should' bo allowed, ho thinks, to acquire the magic lottcrs if they ho desire. Mr. A. J. Fronoh combats tho reoont optimistic views of the friendliness of Russia put forward by suoU writers as Canon M'Ooll. Mr. Frenoh doss not think Russia would keop her hands off Constantinople if she were allowed carte blanche by the Great Powers, and ho points to tho constant advances towards the Indian frontier of her railway system as a proof thnt she does not apparently agree with the Canon as to the impossibility of invading India at some future iime. Mr. Frederic Dolman gives an interesting account of Mr. Chamboilain'e munloipal career at Birmingham. As ie well known, the now Secretary for the Colonies waa largely instrumental in municipalising the water, gas and other works of Birmingham and making it tho no-called model municipality. Recently, however, a change seems to have oome over him. and he has been twitting tho London County Council with its readiness to " run a pawn shop or rebuild St. Paul's." This tone sounds strangely from the man who said in Birming ham that "municipal institutions ropresent the authority of tho people. Any disrospeot shown to us, any ridicule cast upon our funotions, strike through ua at the constituency itaelf, and lower ourauthority and ourpowerof pubHousefulne«s." These Beutimcnts, worthy of our own Fitz Gibbon, now seem to have been abandoned, and it would bo interesting to know whether Mr. Chamberlain regrets tho part be formerly took in munici palising privato enterprises. Professor T. E. Holland contributes a timely article on Inter national Law in the "War between Japan and China. To a certain extent Japan baa accepted tho rules of international -law which prevail among European nations; but China, although the rules are woll known to her statesmen, baa not cvor'dono so. In these circumstances it waa not to be expected that either country would adhere slavishly to the diota of publicists, and therefore thcro were not many questions raised. Japan, however, instituted regular prizo court, and took her captures before tbem. The right of search was duly exorcised, and Professor Holland remark that the arrest of two American citizens on a French mail ntcamer in Japanese waters, because their papers aliowod that they were proceeding to China to assist tho Government there with cer tain military inventions, was probably justi fiable, although n novel proceeding. It is of more importance to us to know that coal and lead were declared to hu contraband of war, although rice was not ho treated. Madamo Blaze do Bury writes of M. Maugraa's volume on Lauzun and the privAto court of Louis XV. No scamp was apparently ho great thai: ho does not nowaday find Homeouo to whitewash him, and M. Maugras tries to show that the d« T,nu7.un3 who was 'notorious for his amours even in tho dissipated court nnd timo when he lived, was not altogether bad— an ex ceedingly difficult task. Mr. 11. S. Gundry gives some account of the causes for complaint that tho people of the Strait Settlements and Hong Kong have against the British Govern ment. The garrisons at both theso pianos are kept up to defend Important coaliug stations for the use of the Imperial navy, and the settlers think they are asked to contribute too largo a quota towards the expenses, especially sinco the depreciation of silver has greatly increased the proportion ofpAhelr contribution to their revenue. j1!' Tho opening artiefe in the Contemporary Jleview is an arraignment by Mr. Quiltcr of the now stylo of novels, art and journalism. Most people with healthy minds will agree with Mr. Qiiilcor that the morbid descriptions of diseased ueurotlcs arc uot true art at all. Many writers — Buoh, for iustanoe, as Dickons — have shown ue how tho true artist can dopict the tory lowest scenes and the most brutal characters without disgusting the reader. Mr. Quiltcr, in quota tions from Liztrnnt, a story by Mr. Morrison, points out tho new fashioned so called realistio method of drawing a Nancy Sykes ; and, after n Hcathing denunciation of the decadents aud all their works, ends by prophesying that a return to moro healthy methods i near at hand. M. .lulo Simon, in un article entitled France and England, insists that the interests of Franca i _ and England are identical, and that therefore there can bo no possibility of war. "Waterloo bo nays, Is forgotten, and Frenchmen now recog nise that Europe hnd quite sufficient reasons for fighting Napoleon Bonaparte. Tho banners of France and England hare appeared as allies and tiot in opposition to each othor of late years, and even though Sir Edward Groy assorted in tliollouso of Commons that tho rights of England nnd Egypt oombined applied to the wholo of tho Nile valley, the two great nations have something also to do than dispute about commercial rmitoi. M. Simon seems to take too optimistio a view of the situation, for the real danger in that England and France, whilo con tending for commercial supremacy, will fall out about thexo very trade routes, which, ho thinks, they ought to open in oommon. The Encyclical letter of tho Tope to tho English people hea roused a fierce controversy in England as well ns here, and the new Dean of Canterbury taken up tho otulgoia in the current number of tho Contemporary, Tho old argument, with which we aro so familiar, aro furbished np anew, and tho dean is es pecially saroaetic in asking what the Popomcane by tho " lovoand euro of tho Roman Pontiffs for England." Was this, ho asks, demonstrated by the burning of Protestants and forbidding them to read the Soriptures in the vernacular? Probably tho Pope would reply that snch was the c&so;, nnd that it wan his loving oaro to pre- vont tbem becoming horotios. It all depend upon the point from which one views the scene. Dean Farrar i apparently more liberal than our local gladiators, for ho spenks of "tho two anciont catholic orecd of Christendom." Mr. Reginald Brett discusses some phases of tho Far Eastern QueHon, and draws particular attention to the fact that thu sudden rio of tho Japanese makes infinite confusion among nil our prcconceptious, hoonitso thoy aro not member of the great Christian confraternity. Christianity and civilisation we have in our mug complacoaoy considered to bo almost com plementary to onoh othor, hut here we see for tho firat time trinoe the reign of Charlemagne the rise of a powerful State whioh is at the same time highly oivilised and not Christian. At tho same time wo sec the decay of Christianity in England, France and Germany, and Mr. Brett remarks that possibly Ohrit has fulfilled hi predestined work in tbc history of human de velopment. Mr. FrederlckGroenwoodwritesupon the Wilful Isolation of England, arguing that she should have joined Russia, France nnd Gor- many in preventing Japan from having a free hand in seizing Chinese territory. There are but two alternative?, he thinks, beforo England; either sho must givo up her isolation and cenia to lie the "China of tho West", or lie must incur enormous expense in keeping up nn over whelming naval armament. For some timo she hns eagerly sought to bo on moro friendly terms with Russia, and the intimacy between the present Czar and the Prince of Wales at the timo of the late Czar's death was much written about and belauded. But when nn opportunity nroio of befriending Russia by joining her in forbidding the oeiaion of a Urge slico of Chinese territory, England abstained from joining tho new Triple Alliance and missed the obance of propitiating Russia. Mr. T. H. S. Escott writes upon Pre dominant Partner and Unionist Discords, but as liis article appeared beforo the fall of tho Uosebcry Ministry and tho formation of a now one by Lord Salisbury, muoh of it is devoid of interest. However, in view of the elections which aro -about to take place, it i wortli noting that Mr, Eucotb shows that, while in 1886 tho UnioniHts or followers of Mr. Chamberlain and the Duke of Devnnshlro amounted to 96, to-day they have been reduoed to a maximum of 50. Mr. Esoott forgets, how ever, to point out that tho recent by- elections have shown a considerable increase in the Union ist forces, and that this tendency will probably be still more strongly accentuated nt tho corning general elections. Mr. Herbert Spencer continues hi» Professional Institutions in the Contemporary , the current part being Phyaioiana nml Surgeons. Ho further illustrates tho historical fact of tho union of the priest nnd medicine man in primitive communities, the origin of this union bting that both doal with supposod supernatural beings. Some of tho ghost and gods whioh were thought to take possession of human beings Were friendly, and home un friendly, and Mr. Spencer slyly remarks that this belief still exists Among educated porsoni, when we find people bolioving in the eflionoy of prayer, and a Prime Minister of England publicly defending the story that certain expolled devils entered into swine. Another remnant of the old belief is found in tho ingrained mental association between the naati- ness of n medicine and its efficiency among young people, whioh Mr. Spencer trace to tho ancient mode of making tho body so unpleasant a habitat for the evil domon by caus ing the pationt to swallow abominablo sub- stanoos that the demon is driven out in self- defonoe. Even the modern distinction between the physician and the surgeon, Mr. Spencer in clines to attribute to the old practice, when the monks wore the only doctors. Boing ministers of Chriat they could nob handlo the operating knife, and were obliged to merely superintend the surgical operations performed by their ossis- | tants. Ho also points out that, like tho religious priesthood, " the priesthood of medicine perse cutes heretics and those who aro without diplomas." Tiie Pall Mall Magazine has a charmingly illustrated article upon some British birds. The letterpress of this article is by tho writer known as " A Son of the Marshes," and is about as uninteresting as the illustrations are good. The coloring of the birds is so oxoellent as to almost lead ono to bolicvo that they are water colors, Oaptain Enrdlcy-AVilmot describes Portsmouth, past nnd preuout, giving some aooount of its rise and progress ; and the millionaire proprie tor of the magazine, Mr. \V. W. Ator, contri butes a short story called the Red Dwarf of Raboustein, which convinces tho reader that it wa fortunate the author was not dependent upon literature for his bread and butter. Mr. Grant Alloa continues hie aeries of article on Evolution iu Early Italian Art, the article in the present numbor being The Visitation. This subject was a favorite one with the early Italian painters, and depiots the meeting between tho Virgin Mary and Elizabeth, the mother of John tho Baptist. Tho article ie illustrated with numerous cuts, showing the evolution of tho wooden figures of Giotto and his contemporaries into tho artistic perfection of nrt arrived at in tho timo of Raphael. Sir Evelyn Wood con tinue his Cavalry iu the Waterloo Campaign, a subject moro acceptable to tho military than to the general reader. Among the writers contri buting stories is the Marquis of Lome, who inoandcrs gently through some chapter of a sorial called Qweo. 