Original N ve'ette? [?] An - riari; Tale.-l .-- ?; - , At.t. Rights,. Rkseeved. , :> II.— COKHNUED.) , ""This, then, simply means that Henceforth you ana I are ' to be strangers,' said Fred. . '-'' ; - 'N— -no ;I didn't say that, neither did I, mean it ; though, if you wish it to be so, -so let it he,' replied Kate. 'It is better. We maybe lovers, but friends, never,' said Fred, huskily. 'Very well, we will leave it at that though 1 -don't accept your dictum/as cor rect. Will you row me home, please ?' He obeyed her, mechanically. The boai had drifted a long way- below her father's mansion at Castlereagh-; but Fred, as he sullenly bent to his long, powerful stroke, soon made headway against the rushing waters. Within him raged a perfect tornado of passion, and much as he loved the girl he was filled with a devilish desire .to ' catcL crab,' and. so capsize the skiff.. This would afford him the opportunity to either save her life or let her drown. But he knew she couid swim like a duck, and therefore a voluntary immersion would serve 'him nothing ; though, if in upsetting, the boat both of them should be drowned, that should be something gained. It was. a 'selfish, thought-; and just then, he felt mad enough, and wicked enough to have done what his evil geDius prompted him. to do. But there was no certainty about it, for she would- surely be no party to her own destruction — indeed, why should she? He was to blame, and he: knew it, She had shown herself a true woman, possessing botil sense and firmness, and ho. felt., humbled; He was thoroughly ashamed of himself, but too' obstinate ; and : self -willed to admit having erred, and too prond to.. ask forgive ness. . During Fred's stiff pull against the rapid stream, Kate eoulil-. not help commiserating with the misguided .young man ; ..and she smiled pityingly,' as he held down his head so as to escape her gaze.:; Poor- fellow ,! she thought, he'll come round by the time . we reach the house. He did .not,., though ; and when he made the boat fast at the little stone jetty, he'hadn't even the good manners to assist her to land— not that : she required , his help, though she/fully expected it. And when they arrived at the broad, cool verandah surrounding the house and never extended -to lumber usual invite to partake of refresh ment, Fred pulled his cabbage tree hat over his eyes, and strode away without, saying ' good bye.' He was a rude young man ; but a magnificent animal for all that ; and Kate Robey know it. As Fred . strode homewards — his father's farm was half a mile or so farther; up the river — he cursed, himself, foe being 'an in temperate- fool and a block head - which he really was— and vowed .that Kate Robey was the only woman worth "having— thus showing that rhe fellow was not altogether lost to reason, and that his judgment of . womankind was sound. But what a contrary mortal he must have been, for only' a while ago he bad actually contemplated both inurder and sui cide! , .,'. ' ' ; , . .'!" " 1 / . : HI. ' y?'?\,'?Y. Riverview stood on an ; eminence close .to, . and overlooking the-Nepean ; it was as com fortable an old-fashioned country house ' As any in the land may be, . . Built" in the old colonial day, -.... , . When man lived in a grander way, With ampler hospitality ' At first sight it had too much of the. appear- . ance of a fort about it ; but though externally . looking so— being, built of huge clocks of un dressed sandstone — recent improvements had. made it very comfortable within—for Kate Roboy's refining hands were seen everywhere. She was practically mistress, and she spared no expense to make the old family muasivri conform with modern ideas and requirements, and now under her controlling hand ' A region of repose it seems, A place of slumber and of dreamB.' In the old days it might have been a Gov- j ernment hari-acks'; and now it was not only the largest and strongest house in the district, but the oldest ; and no doubt; if its massive walls could speak they would furnish grue some food for the sonsatiorial novelist. Here Kate was born,; and Lore iter grand father/and hor mother died.- For some years, assisted by a governess, she bad an old couple an caretakers when the family was away. She bad not only acted a mother's part to wards her younger fcrotbors and sisters, but had nianagen her, father's affairs as cirenm-, ! spectly as a. grown woman could have done-.. J She understood her position well; and so- ong as her father was a . widower, aad until | the- younger - children were grown- up, ; she felt that her place waB here, or at.the town house on one of the bays, of Port Jaokr son. Her father was at one or the other of his several stations the greater part of the year ; he had the most implicit faith in Kate, and it never occurred to him that she was merely a girl, or that anything could possibly go wrong where she was concerned. She loved- Fred Morley ; but her duty to her father and brothers and sisters 'was paramount ; and if Fred would be .unreasonable it was no fault of hers. This old country house was Kate's harem of rest after the season's excitemen tin Sydney. For ' Round this old-fashioned, quaint abode Deep silence reigned, save- when a gust ;"Went rushing down the country.road, . .And skeletons of leaves and dust, > . A; moment quickened by its-breath, . : Shuddered and danced their dance of death ; .- And through, the ancient oaks; o'er head, . Mysterious voices moaned and fled,' and," one might add, when the river swept madiy, impetuously by in flood time. But Kate was not much of a sentimentalist,. and .no fears , of either ghosts . or mundane terrors disturbed her. If a suspicious lookr . ing character came about the place and did not give a good account of himself,, she disr, played a stockwhip and let two fine mastiffs off. the chain ; if floods came and covered the low. lands,. Kate was the .first to. go to. the assistance of her poorer neighbours. Many, a life she had saved, many a poor, houseless family she had sheltered and fed. She was loved by all for miles around , and ; ; ' ' Happy was he who might touch her hand or the hem of her garment. She was rather proud of her physical' accom plishments ;' for she excelled in swimming and rowing, was a most accomplished and fearless rider, could knock over black ducks and wild pigeons as well as any of the young men about, and play cricket and, fence with the best of them. Second to one only was she. in any of. these; things, and that one was Fred Morley ..and she honestly r, confessed that' he - was Iter roaster! .No. wonder, then, that she was proud of him, or . that she loved him, for , ; ' She was a woman now with the- heart and hopes of a woman.' ; . And when Fred left- her that evening in £he abrubt' marraer I have described— so un like himself— she felt more inclined to indulge in a good cry than ey'er she had ' in all her young life.. And as she stood on the broad verandah, looking out over the' broad expanse bf lowland, a sad expression came over that noble face, usually so bright and jolly, and she appeared move beautiful, I am 'sure, than ever Fred Morley had seen her; so lovely that had he been there he would have thrown himself at her feet and craved her forgiveness for his rudeness. She was, indeed, A sight to make an old man young.' . ' What an unreasonable boor I have been,' muttered Fred Morley to himself as be strode rapidly along the lane leading to his father's farm.. fT have lost her for, ever— and it serves me right. I: can. stay here no longer ; JL -should, go maa to see her day after day and jenow that she was no longer .for me. Besides, to remain here is simply to .be a clod all my life; and as a farmer merely I can never approach her again, after the insult I threw at her. No, I'll travel ; and, though they oppose it at home, I will go. It is for the best (and. here poor Fred felt a choking sensation), even though I never see her again.' And here, I think, Fred did a very sensible thing in deciding to see something of the world. It is about the best medicine a young -man can take when afflicted as Fred Morley was. The poor fellow fairly groaned and cursed himself as an ass of the first magni tude. ' She is worth a dozen of ine,' he said, and he made a big vow tbat he'd prove him self worthy of her before years had sped But would she remain as she was ; and was it not rather unlikely that so charming a young woman as Miss Robey — handsome in face and figure, and the possessor of wealth — should remain unmarried simply because a mad, , head-strong hoy, whom she had once smiled upon, had made a fool of himself ? Whatever excuse Fred Morley made at home for this sudden resolve of his,' is immaterial to this story ; and a few days after his abrupt departure from 'River- view,' a well-equipped young horseman Was picking his way among the farms of the Catlereagh Flats to the ' Falls,' which would lead him 'most' directly to Bell's Line. ' It. was Fred'; mounted on a young thorough bred he had reared, and ' got up ' in the fashion usual in those days —strapped riding : trousers, Crimean shirt and cabbage tree bat ' — while in front of him was strapped his coat and gun,, and behind his blankets, hobbles : and quart pot. He was a picture as he rode1 towards the sceep pass to tho river, just then lit up with the first warm rays of the morn ing sun. He and his steed seemed one, so1 well were they matched, and together they were such as win favour in woman's eyes. ; Fred Morley was a splendid fellow, and with ; a little- breaking in lie might have been a Bayard ; as for his temper — we'll, a little, adversity, travel, roughing it and strange company would soon tone that- down- and make . hiiu a more amiable being. He grieved sorely, though, as turning round in his .saddle he took a long, wistful look towards - Riverview, for he could still see the house on the precipitous bluff by the river ; and nis- heart went out towards the dear one he knew to be there, and who, ho thought, would be mad with grief and vexation. But magnificent a fellow as Fred Morley was, Kate Robey was certainly not crying her eyes out. Not she ; she was a woman, ana he but a foolish, self-willed boy. At the same time, she knew what a real good fellow he was at heart ; and when, later in the day; they told her that Fred Morley had left home for the diggiugB, she paled and felt sick at heart — in fact, she felt inclined to cry, aud, only that her conscience did not accuse her of anything, she might have done so ; she felt that she was in the right, and she kept her tears for some, other occasion. She, had hoped, until told that Fred was gone, that he would come to her. ' Poor boy,' she had said, 'he is mad enough with himself by this time, . and .he'll ,bo here by and bye, humble arid, contrite, and. reasonable enough to see that he was all in the wrong/ But now it was all oyer ; still, she believed that he would come some day and confess to her that he was to blame. However, 'River view ' all at once seemed intolerably dull and lonely, and next day Miss Robey went to Sydney for a change. Arid Fred !— well, he was jogging along Bell's Line, intending to make for tho Turon by why of Cherry Tree Km. , ' . ; ' ' ' iv. ; . Ten years is a1 long time in the life of a man or a woman ; arid ten years had seemed, long — oh, so long ! — to tho four persons par ticularized in this narrative. -Ten yoars had wrought jgreat changes in some of them, if not all, and, possibly, the changes had been for the best. A big goldfiold—thi largest and richest ever known on- this side of tbo Australian continent — had just been opened in tho Mudgee district ; and brown faced 8wagsrnor!, bearded like pards, were Slurry ing thither from all partB of Australia. Gnlgong, the centre of this large field, was approached from Mud gee - by three routes known us the Piper's Plat, Menah Flat and hi ushers Flat roads ; and the Oudgogoug River Lad to be crossed,;- no matter which route one took. It was noar the close of a stifling hot day in February that two awags- roeii rested by the riverside; they wore watching the rapidly rising, stream, then I running a banker, with con- fd arable interest, at the Slasher's Flat crossing. They were not only vesting after a loug-daysV walk, but were speculating as to how they should cross tho turbulent waters. The ' promised land,' to reaoh whioh they had walked for many- 1 days in suooession, lay. straight ahead,; and as the joint purse was iit low ebb, it was im perative that they should reach their goal that evening, and how to cross the Btream they did not know. There had been a heavy thunderstorm the previous day, and the waters were likely to rise until the morrow. While thus impaled on the horns of a dilemma, as it were, a buggy, drawn by a pair of powerful, high spirited horses, dashed .up to the edge of the stream on the same ride as the swagsmen were ; and without hesitation the driver — ai dark visaged, master ful-looking, middle aged man— lashed the .fiery animals into the angry waters. The : thing was so sudden that the two swagsmen had riot noticed a lady in- the vehicle until , the horses were off their feet and plunging : madly with the rolling waves, and the buggy had turned right round and was drifting dbwri : into the : deep-- (water: below the ford. The two men hallowed to the driver to head up stream — as also did some - teamsters camped on the other ride of the river ; but -it was too late, for the vehicle had turned 1 broadside on to the current, aDd was over turned -before their , eyes. As quick as thought the two riaen had flung off their boots arid dashed - into , the seething- foam- ; . both, were powerful swimmers, -and, as good lubk would have it,, the teamsters had, with much judgment, thrown a long rope to the foremost swimmer,, who, however, was sq, intent upon saying the, woman that1 he did not notice the action. His mate grabbed the , rope, however, just as the other clutched the woman's dress as . she was cast up. from beneath the buggy. ; Her rescuer -was him self in danger,, for the current was;too strong- for him, when his mate, a much more power- . ful. man, with an almost superhuman effort, reached them, and, still grasping the friendly rope, was hauled ashore by- the men on the bank. He was a splendid fellow, was this big; yellow-bearded swagsman, and the ' way he held on to the rope while supporting the other two was surprising; and he was warmly cheered' by the teamsters as he carried-' the' apparently lifeless- body of the woman np the bank. His iriate was much exhausted, but was prompt - in his instructions ' to ; the teamsters to run and get brandy, hot water— anything that wbrild' bring the; woman : to life. His eagerriess was Co intense that his big mate' looked1 at him enquiringly, as'he proceeded to loosen the lady's dir ess ; and the' teamsters "suggested "that as there was 'a public -house close 'by it were better to carry her there. They' knew the landlady to be' a good, sensible woman, -arid she arid her daughter would do. all that was required. This was immediately acted upon, and the popr woman was. soon in the hands of her own , sex; while, the two swagsmen were kindly . supplied ' with dry clothing by the teamsters, arid quarters offered them for the night. ' ' - ... Nothing was seen of either the man, the. horses, or buggy : the first had beeii dragged out of the vehicle by the plunging horses as he held the reins, and all were drowned ; while his' wife— if ;such she was— roust have clung to the vehicle and thus saved her life. ':By George, old man, that was a narrow escape,' said the stalwart hero of the ropc,:"as they walked down to the teamster's cariip ; ' but what's the matter with you— are you hurt?' > - ' ' No, Fred, l am-not hurt physically bnt never mind now; let us make haSte back to the house to see how she is, and get away from here. We must get our swags, any how, and shift our wCt duds. But tell me. Jack, old friend, ; what made y.ou: look ;at the woman so strangely when we laid her on the bank ?' ' A ' It can make no difference ; ' wet or dry, let us go away. The lady — the woman we saved— is well, she of whom ! have spoken- sometimes.' ' And -yet you would run away from her, as son you : see her, after all these years of absence?' . ' Yes, just as you run away from a certaiu young lady down on: the :Nepean some years ago.' ' That'll do, Jack; we'll close the dis cussion." To rip up: old sores is dangerous. Here we are at the camp.' My readers will: have detected in my two swagsmen Jack Blandy and Fred Morley, who -bad- been mates and close f i-iends for some years. They had met at Cooma -when on their way to Kiandra, and since .then had travelled pretty well all over the . Australian continent and- New Zealand. They had, had various luck . at the Snowy, Lambing Flat; Forest Reefs,, Glanmire, Gympie and the "West Coast, and were now as poor:as ever they were. They had: made money, of course, hut speculation and travelling . had absorbed most of it, and whatever they;had to spare they had sent homo to their friends. Jack had not forgotten his father, and had assisted him, with .money to educate, bis brother.. Of Lily Fanshawe. ;he had heard but little— siinply that her father was dead and that she had left. Basildon. Fred, too, had heard that Kate . Robey was still un married, and that she was often a - visitor, at his father's farm. ... .- . At the new goldfield they, hoped, to be among- the, lucky, ones,;. and therefore were anxious to get there, because, on a new gold- field, ' the early bird picks , up the early vyqrm.' Opportunities were plentiful,, the area of , the field was large, and already several , payable , yeefs aud leads .had been discovered, and there was every prospect of , the permanence of the goldfield. Hence our two friends were desirous of continuing, their; journey , as, soon as possible, .They . would have started that night only that their swags: were stiiT on ' the Mudgee ride of the river,1 and their clothing was not yet dry The teamsters - were very kind, and lodged them as comfortably as they would hiavq been at! the inn.' , Next ihbrninjg, however, they were ori tramp early, and calling, at the inn to enquire liow the .lady was, heard that she was much better before she left with" Mr. 'Browse of Gantalang,' and .that she had left word with the landlady that her rescuers were to call at Garitaiang House to see her. 1 Gantalang was a fine property of 4,000 acres situate on the Cudgegong River. The owner, Mr. Prowse. was the principal squatter iff the" district. When gold was found "at" Gulgoag, and traced iri to his free hold 'laud, he opened it out to the miners for 1 a ' monthly payment, together with : a royalty of a fifth of the gold produced, arid an entrance fee of from' £1:0 to £50, according to position "of the- ifead. " ' . (To be continued.) The man who pays his rent must hustle, arid the man who doesn't pay his rent is 1 obliged to keep moving. — Lynn Itein. Keep your boots shining— there is . some mysterious connection between a shiny, hoot aud a cheerful heart.— Atchison Globe. Some philanthropists take more pride in lifting a mari from the gutter than in helping him across it. — Donahoe's Magazine. Watch lyour conscience ; if it approves of everything you do it is an indication that you "are becoming conceited. — Exchange. A Durham, N.C., politician is bringing a libel suit against a man who cartooned him as a Durham hull. Ho can't see the point of tho joke because he's the butt of it. As soon as the engagoment is announced the average young mari begins to obsorve that there are other girls besides his betrothed ' who are pretty. — Atchison Globe. Office Boy — Dore's two mon out dore wants to see yer ; . one of 'em's a poet and totber'n 's a deef man. Editor— Wollj go out and tell the uoet that the deaf man is the editor. — : Puck. ' 'Has old Tough quit smoking?' in-, quired ono man of anothor. ' I don't know whether he has or not, but he died the other day,' was the evasive reply.— Philadelphia Recora. Mrs. Yearwed — I — I wish to look at some babies' shoes/ Shopman— ' White kid?' 1 Mra. Yearwed— '.Sir P 