SOW FIRST PUBLISHED. AIL QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERYED. —+++-— | HUSH. 'MONEY 1 .1 ■ ■ i — -• 1,1 ^ — i' A Powerful Dramatic Story by JEAN MIDDLEN3ASS, Authoe of " Two False Move!," " The Mtsteey of Clemest Duseaven," "A Gibe ix a Thobsaed," "Sealed with a Ju^s," "Br Faib Heaes," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER VI {Continued.} TEPHEN got up and came round to whew his wife was sitting. Stand ing behind her as he was very fond of doing, lest she should read too much on his farrowed brow," he leant over and kissed her. . " If I were only half as good as you are how thankful I should be," he whispered. 441 think vou the best in tuo whole world, and you think rac the best, that is as it should be, eh, xuon riiari," she said, still striving to appear light- hearted and playful; hut, unfor tunately, turning (priokly round to look into his face as she spoke, what she saw there tilled her heart once more with sudden dread, and she became faint and white as death. He did not speak, bat turned away, annoyed at the look she hud detected, anxious if pos sible. to save her from seeing more. "Oh, my husband, my husband," she mur mured, " if I could only lcaru what it is that troubles you." "Nothing— nothing, my pet. Nothing, at least, that would interest you, or that you could - understand. All meu have business worries, you must surely know that. Hero, let us go over' these cards and see who arc the callers whom I have so direly neglected." But the cards no longer interested Bachel; what were the people they represented in com parison with the dark secret that lay between her and Stephen, and seemed to Bachel as if it must wreck their lives. 44 If I only knew, if I only knew," she repeated, thinking while she spoke how by knowing ^he might be able to avert some dire calatnHy. But he heeded not her persistency, but seemed as if he did not oven hear, so ab6orbcd*was he—cither feignedly or really— in the contemplation of names on the cards. And in truth it would seem as if he were not altogether enacting a part, for there was a ring in his voice when he said, "The "Wallisca, the Wallises have bean calling here," that it would have taken a far better actor than waj | Stephen Bolderson to have assumed. 44 Who are the Wallises, and why should they not call?" asked Bachel, holding outlier hand for the card, and wondering as she read it whether these people would throw any light on the dark mystciy which scciacd to envelope the Willow Harsh. Mr. and Mrs. Wall!?, f Miss Siccle TVallis, •' Hazel Court. The piece of paste-board docs not seem to convey much, and Rachel is far from guessing what an important part the family of Wallis is destined to play in tlio history of her life, and that the day will arrive when alio will wish that she had never heard the name. Now, as sho tosses the card back, she says lightly— "Pretty came. I wonder if they are as nice' as they should be to luive such a name. Is Hazel Court near here r" At this moment, Mrs. Cubitt came into the room, and it was the who answered the .question. "About three miles; that is, across the fields. It is longer by the road. It is only to-day that Mr?. Wallis and Miss Sieelc called, about an hour before you arrived, ina'um. They seemed very pleasant-spoken ladies, and said they hoped you would uot be long before yon'went to sce'them." • " There, Stephen, I am already let in for returning one visit, and I don't think I am worry. I seem to fancy these pcoxile, although I have never seen them. Of course, you will come with me." "I hate paying calls,T ? lie said ratbershortly, lighting his pipo as he spoke, and going out into the so-called guidon, among weeds and tangle?, to smoke it, thus leaving Rachel to make further acquaintance with Mrs. Onhitt, who was clearing the dinner things from the table, and at the same time taking Mock of iho new mistress, against whom her indignation and prejudiced d L-iike was slowly giving way since she found her affable and ready to accept the iufonaation which she was always ready to "While he smoked, Stephen Boluerscn tried to put away from his miud the disagreeable recollections with which it was usually filled, and to plan out the uncultivated wilderness which lay around the liouso into somethiug like a garden which should give pleasure to his beloved Rachel. This engrossed him, aud kept him employed for some little time, thus affording ample opportunity for the talk in the ilining-room, in the course of which, commencing with the Vicar, Rachel soon became intimately ac quainted with all the residents in the neigh bourhood. Those which interested her the jnost wero the Vicar nnd the Wallise?, for reasons which she thought she could have defined, hut wliich wero probably connected in some occult way with the iniluenco they were pro- ordained to exercise ou her own destiny. They had shown a desire to cultivate her acquaintance, the Vicar haviug left a message to that effect, and she did not intend that they ihould be disappointed. The little peculiarities ! Mrs. Outfit pointed out as belonging to the Vicar only served to makoium more interesting in Mrs. Bolderson's eyes, while, as for the Walliscs, she was assured that they were real gentlefolk." " Mr. Wallis was the hsst landlord in all the connty, Mrs. Wallis was the most, kindly woman, who was always doing a hit o' good wherever she got the chance, while as for IGbs Siccle, she was a pretty young lady—went to her first hall a few weeks back, and wasn't she talked ahoot and admired, just!" "What you tell me is delightful, Mrs. Cubitt, 1 do love pretty, bright, young girls." " And she is one, and no mistake, ma'am; ; die'll be a nice, sweet, companion for your young lady." "My young lady? I hare not any young lady." "Not a daughter, ma'am, I thought—-" " Of course, of course. X was a widow when I married Mr. Boldersoti, you arc quite right. Bat I have neither chick nor child." Jlischievous intention gleamed in Mi's. Cubitt's eyes. Shewonld have a petty ven geance ou this interloper at the Willow Marsh, sooner than she expected. "Blessyou, lady," she said. "I did not think as you was old enough to have a grown- , up gal, but isn't Mr. Bulderson'a children now yours?" "Mr. Boldersou'ft children 1" And the words dropped feebly from Rachel's lips, which were tremulous and white. . . " Lord love yer. X wouldn't have spoke of it, if I hadn't thought yer know'd." "This then was Stephen Boldersou* a secret," Rachel thought. " Well, after all, it was not such a very dreadful one, only why did he not tell her?" She rallied as speedily as she could from the first shock, mid trying to appear pleased at the discovery, sho said, "Tell me, Mrs. Cubitt, how many children i am X expected to mother—since you seem to | know all about it? As I said just now, I i love youug people." "Lor, ma'am, there ain't only one as far as I know. A biggish gal I believe she is, but I haven't never s-jen her. She lives in Paris." "Well, I hope she will soon come here. It will be delightful io have a young thing in the house, and, as you say, she may become great friend} with Miss Siccle Wallis." Ana alter tms tnerc was no more comrersa tion to be got out of Rachel. She walked across into tlie stiff, rigid looking drawing room as though simply desirous of inspecting it. In reality she wanted to get away from Mrs. Cuhitt, and, beforo she again met her husband to he alone for a few minutes with, the unexpected discovery she had made. It was not that Rachel was sorry about the existence .of this unknown girl; oa the : contrary, her strong maternal instinct* went out to her in a yearning at which she herself was astonished; hut what upset her and rendered her thoughtful, almost suspicious, was, that Stephen Bolderson should never liave told her aught about the child, of whose existence cren his housekeeper was aware. Some shadow must assuredly lie athwart the past, or he would not bo eo reticent. Mrs. Cuhitt said that she herself had not seen the girl. Could it ho possible tbafc she was imbecile or deformed £ Surely, if she loved Stephen Bolderson well enough to marry him, she would have accepted bis child what* ever burden had fallen upon bcr. No, this could not be the reason of bis silence. There must be somctliing in connection with her pareutagc whieli he did not dure to reveal. And lost iu countless surmises, she took no account of time, and sat on in the half-fumishcd drawing-room until darkness overtook her, nor was she ouc whit nearer the solution of the difficult problem she had sekherself. Meantime Stephcp Bolderson wandered about the grounds planning and arranging—until from arranging he dropped iuto dreams—those bad dreams which were apt to frequent him* both by day and night. Neither of them recognised the fact that they were drifting—drifting farther asunder with each tlionghfc that took possession of thorn. They must bo careful what they did or said in tho future lest coolness should arise, and out of eoolucss, separation. " One deed may mar a life, And one iua}' make it; Hold firm thy will from strife, Lest a quick blow break it." Rachel was meditating what she should do aud say when tlio recollection that she had lately read these liucs flashed upon her. Even in that momentoi hand was laid on her shoulder; it washer husband's. lie had come iuto the dark room by the open window. " TVIiy so pensive, wifie mine? " She started as if she had seen u ghost. Should she tell him what sbo was thinking of, what impression had been mndo on her by Mrs. Cuhitt's revelatiou? No, a thousand times no. Till ho should vouchsafe to her some information as to tho existence of his daughter she would be silent nor let back-stair gossip obtrude itself iuto the story of their lives. Pride, as well as discretion prompted Rachel at once to adopt this coarse. I Sbo answered him then m a casual sort of : way, saying she was half asleep and dreaming, and as he could not see her face he accepted the exense, although ho did not altogether think there was no arrierre pensec in the matter, hot ho ascribed it to her disappoint , ment at the general aspect of the Willow ; Harsh. He pnt his arm round her to lead her ont of the darkness into the dining-rocm, where there was a lamp. | '•We will make it Jill very different before i I we are much older," he said. " I have been ; planning out the garden while I smoked, and yon will soon make the inside of the house into : a bijou. Perhaps I was wrong, but I would i not touch it till you came, as I thought you would arrange it much better than I could." She entered at once into his humour, and for a long while they chatted away about detail?, Rachel striving very hard to prevent him from seeing that there was a third and nnrcvcalcd presence stalking between her and the home which he was inviting her to make beautiful and bright. ! Nor was the recollection of Ursula wholly absent from Stephen Boldcrson's mind; with | each torn in the conversation he had it almost on his lips to tell her a child being brought up' with Lucille Lafarge would one day claim her | motherly care and interest. Rat he had pat it off so long that each day it became more aud more difficult to make the confession, besides he was still afraid, not that Rachel would not be tender and loving to his child, but that the interchange of civil amenities that would be thus bought about with Lucille Lafarge would lead to strife and annoyance. Thus like many another coward who has gono before him, he put off the evil day and left circumstances to unravel the complications that troubled him, totally disregarding the fact that tangles, if left to themselves, have a way of becoming more and more involved the longer the straightening process is deferred. And so in this case, it would inevitably prove, and even Rachel's deft fingers and patient perseverance would find her tangled skein of life almost impossible to unravel. ' 