BRITISH LABOUR AND ADVANCED SOCIALISM.. The mail Reports now to hand of the Trades 1 Union (Congress he 1 at Cardiff in the be ginning of last mouth show that ninth greater importance than was supposed is to be attached to the stern Fillipini not then iiiouoiintt'd against the set ill d Independent Labour ])Ut\ and their son latest proposals The Vu with (evidences of) past \\(.ii'])issed by the) Mid is to his a resolution in favour of the ii ation ills upon "a raid and the whole it has no pioiliK tion and distribution Our cable messages of five. wills made is that in it the editor t'íiiiííU'ssw lston socially one of sympathy with that resolution and its authors still tiny kit the last open to the i \\]>l.iujtiou of fickleness, and to the prospect of a count of seven"' out the pendulum in the (course of t lit ni'M twelve months But the reports now presents d (K magistrate that no king in the last line as ( i farm of Hi as to ii sentiments of the' working man of laid and so it is a (oniHtted with 'hail 1 mons 'The initial and toinmamhiig violences and on this and previous k us on presses his In till- the third of Votes I The the old method of a united lives and serious error in Result I unions were entitled to send me did I desire proportion to their strength , but while the small unions, which it is likewise the most inflated with Socialism, sent the full proportion, the trades unions thought llipinsohus sufficiently represented by three or four men who knew their hearts merits The result, with one delegate one a note, was that unions nuinbetiiifi a few thousands could outvote others of ten times the strength The Confess just passed was conducted under new Standing Orders, carrying the simple but vastly different provision that each delegate should possess votes propor- tioned to the number he represented. Such a system places before the country the actual sentiments of the constituent body instead of its more pretentious fragments ; so that the decisions of this year's Congress carry unusual weight and promise of' stability. Further provisions were that "france Councils as such should no longer have the right of membership, and that the delegates must be bona fide working men. Those provisions struck another blow at the Independents. By consent the decisive battle between parties was postponed till after the election of President and the conduct of preliminary business. The new President, Mr. John Jenkins, better known as Honest John, member of the Shipwrights' Society and President of the Cardiff Trades Council, opened the second day's proceedings with a speech in which he put the Independents on their mettle. He challenged the widely prevalent impression that the candidates the party hart put forward at the elections were champions of' Trades Union opinions. He pointed out that the Trade-unionist votes had repudiated them at the polls. Then followed a tremendous indictment : Whatever good intentions the members of it harboured, the outcome of their hopeless electioneering campaign was to undermine some candidates most in sympathy with the demands of those Con- gresses, to cover themselves with the dis- credit of overwhelming defeat, to convert the term " Labour Candidate" into a by-word of reproach and mistrust, and finally to unmistakably demonstrate that the worst enemies of the advance- ment of labour might be those of their own household. (Hear, hear.) " Independent Labour candidates, genuine and otherwise, went to the polls in twenty-eight constituencies, wherein candidates of both political parties also stood. The aggregate number of votes cast in their favour was 25,049, out of an aggregate number on the register of 347,896 voters. That would give an average for the Independent Labour men of one vote out of about every fourteen voters on the registers. Not one of the Independents was returned. Was it possible to conceive a greater exhibition of impotence, or a smaller justification for the pretension to speak and act in the name of universal labour ? (Cheers.) They knew that those candidates were not approved by the Congress, and he should be inclined to call it an anti Labour or and Trade Union Movement. It passed his understanding how the action of the Independent Labour party could, by any stretch of imagination, be thought to promote the cause of the workers, and if it did not promote it it must hinder it. (Cheers.) When in addition to this indictment Mr. Jenkins challenged the Independents to publish their balance-sheet, the wrath of the party exploded, and with difficulty the speech was finished. Then came the tug-of-war. Mr. T. Havelock Wilson, himself no Independent, attacked the new Standing Orders, not indeed on their merits it is remarkable that these were never touched-but on the ground that the Parliamentary Committee who had been intrusted with their framing had exceeded instructions by putting them in force without submitting them to the Congress then sitting. Whether this contention was technically correct is not of much consequence. It would appear that the action of the committee really came with- in their instructions and the probability is that these were framed by astute men with express view to what now occurred. The really important matter lay in the fact that the Indepen- dents supported Mr. Wilson's motion, while their opponents for the most part supported the committee. Mr. Ben Tillett made a furious speech, declaring that the voice and the hand of the party politician was at the bottom of all this question, and also of the President's address. On the other side Mr. John Burns, himself excluded as Mr. Tillett and Mr. Broadhurst were by the new rules, ilel'eudi'd the committee in characteristic fashion. He declared that " The door by which Mr. Broadhurst and himself went out was the door that admitted through the Trades Councils publicans and sinners. They should not want that Congress to be the panjandrum of' picturesque personages who worked for labour 20 or 30 years ago.'' A big question cropped up when it came to division. Would they vote by show of hands or by representation The President : " You will Vote according to the Standing Order No. SO, the new Standing Order, which provides that the voting shall be by representation." Then there was a roar of either. It was the most significant thing in the whole Congress. The Independents knew that by representation they had not the ghost of a chance. But through the uproar and the shouts that he should leave the chair the President, backed by the committee, stood firm. The members voted by " showing their cards, with the result that there stood for Mr. Wilson's resolution BALLOON, and against I (i(l4,()00. Tile vote is the more remarkable when it is remembered that many who approved of the rules voted against their unapproved introduction as a bit of sharp practice. On the third day of the Congress (4th September the strength of parties was yet more decisively tested, because on j a straight issue. After an ineffectual attempt to break the minutes of the previous day's proceedings, the Inde | pendents put forward an amendment on the Report of the Parliamentary Com| mittee. They asked the Congress to express regret that during the past year The committee bril " taken no steps to carry out the mandate of' the Congress of 1894 that they should promote legislation in favour of the nationalisation of land, and the whole means of production and distribution, which in the opinion of Congress was the only real solution of the unemployed question." Again there was a hot debate, John Burns (still a member from his place on the old Parliamentary Committee) shake so long that the Standing Orders stopped him. and so acceptably that they were suspended (by count of heads to permit him to go on. He claimed that the committee had carried out their pledges, vindicated their diligence against the popularity hunting or their opponents, and declared that in doing their duty they had " made enemies of the cranks, faddists, and personal and political antagonists." The amendment on a division was lost day more than three to one, the figures being (197,0 and £80,000. We have thus a fairly authoritative declaration that 70 per cent of the members of the English Trades Unions are opposed to the policy of advanced Socialism. And there was a yet further test. The word "fad- dists" had stuck in the gizzards of the Independent party. It had been used not by Mr. Burns only but in the committee's report itself. It was an opprobrious epithet, which some even of their opponent? miners think objectionable and as it was not without definition or explicit application it might be possible to get it struck out. The party therefore rallied a third time, and moved the omission from the report of the following words : We are sorry to believe, but the force of circumstances drives us to the conclusion, that among the working classes there are too many " faddists," and each " fad" has got its followers, and died result the working class vote of the country is broken up into factions j as a consequence the great and endearing principles which ought to be sacred to the workers suffer most seriously. The amendment was defeated by 014,000 to 170,000. By this great maJority the unionists of England have declared that they regard advanced Socialism as disastrous to the "great and enduring principles which should he sacred." There were of course many things done at the Congress which may seem of dubious propriety to men who have no sympathy with Socialism. Resolutions; for instance, were carried in favour of union rates of wages in Government contracts, a legal eight-hour day, unlimited liability of employers, the aboli- tion of the House of Lords, the arrest of alien immigration, abolition of overtime, the use of British-or Irish manufactures only (where obtainable in Government contracts, and an Autumn Session for the special purpose of finding work for the unemployed. It is right to say that some of those resolutions notably that touching alien immigration wore carried by small majorities. But the out- standing feature of the Congress is its violent hostility, or more correctly its startling revolution of a previously existing and widely prevalent hostility, to extreme Socialism. The keynote struck at the outset by the President ofN.avcwod and almost contemptuous antagonism to the tenets of the Independent Labour party vibrates through the kingdom, which for the first time the Congress fairly represented. The excluded Trades Councils fret and fume in vain against a verdict which is so plainly that of the working. man. They talk of a rival Congress but they cannot get beyond talk. Asked by a representative of the " Daily News" whether he thought the Independent Labour Party would ever get over the check they had received in this year's Congress, " Not," Mr. Jenkins answered-and he based his reply on his extensive acquaintance with working men-" Not unless they become more reasonable." From all which it appears' that Socialism in our time is in a bad way. 