Short Story. TEE JEALOUS LOVES. Between our house and Farmer Eiynpr’s lsy two green iiie.uiov.s. It. was curious enough to look across them and tee t:;e btignt dark green of the naeji in oua, ami the mellow yellow tints of the other. The [first, too, was dotted all over with clover, pink and white, aod only uow and then a jflandelion grew m the other. I Between the meadows lay a dump of trees jaod bushes, and an olu-tubhioned stile. ] When the moon was high, ahd a round silver jshield in the dark night sky, I used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Baynor homestead. It was long and low, with dormer windows on the roof. If, by chance, I eaw a light in the one I knew 'belonged to Eve Baynor’s room, I thought my vigil well rewarded; for I loved Eve Baynor as knights in old romanoe loved their ladies. You’d hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty hand, or said more than “good day” as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Any other young ■follow, smitten as 1 was, would have managed to know her better somehow, ■but 1 made no effort to win my way to her My own fault, then, say yon ? Well, per 'haps you are right, but true love is always a little fearful of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, bus when the heart is touched— pvetto I away flies coDfidenue and vanity, and you esy to youreplf, “ Tnere’B nothing in mo to like,” or “Shs’il never look at me; what is the use of hoping ?” | You never saw her; and words oan’t tell you just what she is. Qo'out into the garden and And a lily among beds of dahlias and Queen Margarets and flaunting poppies, and you’ll know how she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles,and you’ll know what she seemed to me in a crowd of other women. Once Bha dropped a red geranium out of her dark hair, and I picked it up from the road by stealth, and lelt half afraid to touch it—it Beamed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I went home—the most sacred place I eould think of. It ia there yet; two red-brown threads and something that looks like a crisp bit of Ecorobed paper. That was coming from church one Sunday. The next, while I had the flower against my bosom, and wbb sitting where I oornd see the Baynors’ pew, which was under the gallery where the echool-ohildren sat, a clumsy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the rail iog. 1 saw it drop, and then saw her eink forward, and was beside her and had her out in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and alter all not hurt, ior the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have left; but ohuroh was out, and all going homo, and the old people would have me take tea with them. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, as though any brute could \- have done less when Bha dropped like a hurt I went home to tea in the wagon, and I ^at beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, ae foolish and as happy as I was that night. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an old feud between my people and the Biynoro, about a triangular paioh of ground, not big enough to build on, and too sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and' Mrs. Baynor took tea together, and chatted when they met. All I thought of was the ehanoe of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms. I did see her. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me moch; but she chatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at her, as, good manners or not, I had to look sometimes; and though I was brown and burly, with great red farmer’s hands and. a voice to tnutoh my size, sometimes I used to think I’d plant my lily in my heart’s garden some day, and wear my pearl npon my bosom Yon never would have guessed ae I ploughed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that were in my brain, under my shock of yellow bair. I've read many and many a poet sines then, acd none ever say of their lady-loves half what I thought abont Eve Baynor when I was busy at the humbles; work. I heard a strain of mnsic once, thongb, that Baid it all withont a eingle word, or it seemed so; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine in the shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser enading him. And I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I said when all were out of hearing: “Eve Baynor, if you ever oease to love me, I shall die I” and bant down to look into hrr oyes in the moonlight, and fonnd them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did ; I know no one loved more. Oue night, aa-I was going home (prayers were said at ten at the Baynors’, and every one expected to leave at once), I met halfway apon the road, which I had taken because the long Bpring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a portmanteau in his hand, looking abont him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. Ho was, I could see in the moonlight, very handsomev and dressed in a style not common in onr country place. There was a flash of gold at ' his fob, and a glimmer of precions Btones on his UDglovcd hand, and as I earns nearer, a faint perfnme, such as some girls I knew brought into churoh with them on their hand kerohiefs. He wa? a b:g fellow, too. despite all these delicate daintinesses of toilet, and his { voice was clear and musical, but a thorough man's voice, when he Bpoke to me. “ Can you tell me the way to the Baynor form-house, six ? It should be Bomewhat close at hand, if my memory serves me.” “ Straight on,” I said; “ the first house you aome to on the right; you can't mistake it.” “ Thank yon,” said he. “ I’ts only lair to tell yon, however,” said I, “that they are all in bed by this He laughed. “I had forgotten country ways,” said he. •' However, if my uncle won’t let me in. I’ll sleep on the porob, until morning. Thera used to be a famouB porch, with an old bench on it long enongh to repose a “It isn’t—it can’t be little Ned,Ware?” “Not little l" rvid ho; “rot little any longer, bnt Ned Ware still. And yon ?” “ I am Theodore Brest 1” “ We shook bands then. Years before— two barefooted country boya—who had played in the woods together—friends, as boys will be despite all family fends. He was Farmer Baynor’s nephew, and had, l remember, inherited some proparty, and been eent to a bosrding-sohool. I could scarcely believe that time had altered him to —tinge and education,«and association with polished men. I went back with him to the Baynors’, and saw old sleepy Hepsiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquisite youths, more perfect than mortal man conld be, who won Eve Baynor from me. Ah, me I jcalonsy is an ill weed—once plant , theta's no ond to it. The dreams aame . rtom a tnougut or two 1 had hardly been con scious of; and the thoughts remained when the dreams were over. He was her only cousin; bntwbyBhonld she be forever walking with him, talking to him, smiling on him? Why should he sit be side her in ohurch, holding her book for her and singing with her? Why should he look apon me as a stranger and monopolize her, I W.en^Wt to.wtiea.J SIBft »XWSL 89 g9q$ a-ngnt to ro, to epena .my evenings at tne tarm-boafc? UaO she told him ? Dad any of them toll him of cur engigemeut? I doubted it. Aod he *on!d ha there the summer through. It f earned to me I could uot bear it. 1 had been so heppy since Eve promised to be mine; now I wna wretohed. I grew moody, and »st silent in her preeenoa, while he talked in bis own pleasant, brilliant way, making tbn oontrast so much greater than it need btve been. At lust I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that—to make ha suffer BomethiDg of my pain. I bore the absence from her one Sunday to the next. Then, in the twilight hush of the Jane even ing I took my way across the meadow. The Sabbath silence waB on everything. : The far-off chiming of a ohureh-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The scent of primroses filled the air, and the doves in the cote behind the house murmured musically. I opened the gate, and entered. Beside the , gate was a little rustio arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures. The first—Eve Bsynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The Becond—Eve Kay. nor oanght to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate ory of “ My love 1 my life 1" Ere he nnalasped his armB, I stood before I called her by a bitter name. I flnng at | her feet the riug Bbe had given me in ex change for mine. I Bft'i, I scarce knew what, in my frenzy, and strode away, leaving them dumb and motionless. Half way over the meadowl began to under stand what had befallen ms—as we understand great woe3 at last—and fell upon the long damp grass as though I had been shot. Kong past midnight I crept into my bed room window, and began to pack a few thing! in my oarpet bag—linen, and a second coat; the stookings knit by my old mother’s hands; the little bible she bad given me, and my slender stook of monoy. Then, on a scrap of paper, I wrote this note and slipped it nnder my pillow: Deab Moiheb—Don’t think hard of me— do not think I do not love yon. Ton are the only being I now love in the world; bnt I cannot stay at Elms—I cannot breathe its air. Eve Kaynor hae jilted me, and I should go mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if ] remain. I Bhall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I ever find myself better of my hurt, I shall come back to you again. I don’t hope it, though. It is too deep and Gore, God bless you, and good-by. Tour loving son, Theodore Bbest. Then I clambered out of the window, and before I took the high road to the car depot, went to the dear old stile to take the last look at Evo's home, over whose threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass White as b ghost the moon scudded through gathering clouds, white in her light Jay tbe farm-house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond tbe yellow field; against the b&okground; of moonlit wall rose the olumps of outrant bushes, and the aurved outline of that rustio arbor. About me rose dark elms, aod dank, thick grass. Only the step of the stile was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and tbe upper ridges of the bar, and one knot of a dead elm tree. I .took ; it aU pff uppn my heart.: I said: ** Heaven forgive iier-l. He. can never love her as I do 1’’ and then I strode away toward the Btation. It was two good miles away, bat the early, train had not arrived when I reached the place. I sat down in the waiting-room; but for shame I could have wept like a wo I heard the ringing of a bell—the scream of a whistle. The train was coming. There was a chattering without about sundry tranks bolonging to two old women who had jnst come up in a wagon, and the door of the waiting-room was flnng open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man oonld bn. Despite his triumph, he looked wretohed. He paced the Boor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. Eor the first time in my life I .wanted to kill a thing God made May He forgive me for it 1 We looked at each other in dead silence. ’ Ned broke it. “ Where are yon going f” he said. “What is that to yonf Ton insult me by speaking to me. Ton have robbed me— let that suffice. It is dangerons to speak to me jnst now. For Eve’s sake I warn yon to leave me.” “So/have robbed you?” he said, with a “ Tes. Ton know she was mine. I warn yon again. Go 1" He folded his arms and looked at me. “I am going,” he said. “The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silence. The good says speak. I’ll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. Ton are half mad, Theodore Brest. Ton have seen and heard with a jealous man’s eyes and ears. Ton are not robbed. I wish yon were. I don’t deny it. But Eve Baynor is yours— not mina•” “ I saw her in your arms," said I. He laughed a bitter laugh. “Listen,” ho said. "I have only a mo ment ; lor I do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. Ton gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I i#ved her also. I did my best. Last night I vAtatad all, and lost. She told me yon were he^K|fi!g^li£fcnd, and that she oared notH^jfiySr me/^w DowrSchs road oame the shrieking train; the beUvyaa clanging. He oaught np his portmanteau. “ I clasped her to my heart,” he went on. “ It was a mad thing to do; bnt it was an adieu, and against her will. Madman I go back and beg her pardon for the words yon said 1 If shs forgives you, I would give a king dom to take your place. A kingdom ? Bah 1 tbe world I i “ All aboard 1” yelled a voice at the door. “Ton believe me?” he asked. “ God bleBB you—God reward you I” I grasped. But he was gone ere I could clasp his hand. I never forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note whioh I bad written in frag ments. I knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed since I was a little ehild, and in the early morning I sought Eve Kay She forgave me. She pitied and nnder-, stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as | of yore, and_ ere the Bummer waned, Bhe was my wife. ~ Wo are old people now, and ohildren tall and strong gather about our hearth at even tide; and the eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother’s velvet eyes, is namod Edward Ware. So wa christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in hit own great grief, had meroy upon mine. Two Parisian duelists, Saint Benve, tbe sritic, and M. Dubois, the journalist, met'to settle a little affair of honor. It was a dis mal morning, and the rain fell in torrerti. Saint Benve inaieted upon holding up his um brella as well as his pistol, ssying, “I'am quite ready to be killed, but I do not wish Wo' oatoh cold.” Both adversaries Bhot lour timel but neither was harmed. ■ A Chicago minister,,preaching on "Th Immortality of the Sonl,” stepped to th front of the platform, and, levelling a finger at. tho congregation, s&ia;: “Ton may ids ’ your wives and get others; yon may les' jour hoE'j.indd and get others ; you tha i lose your horses and carriages and get other but wheq sou lots tyyls ii’a 6°ad”kj i John.’1 