PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. HOBART, Tuesday Night.— The Laun ceston Corporation Bill was riddled in com mittee in the Council this evening through the agency of Mr Douglas. Mr. Collins pointed out that until lately, the councillors of Launceston bad been highly spoken of, bnt things . municipally recently had1 .been revolutionised. The measure was bo emascu lated that very little of interest was left in it. The Watef and Light Bill had a new clause added to it, which transfertal a : portion ot the water itlnd to the Albert Ball I account. Mr Podety was absent to-night, i his place as chairman of committees being filled by Messrs; Moore and Douglas. j VlCE-REoAti. — Hie Excellency the Go I vcrnor and Lady Gormanston, accompanied I by Mr J. F. A; Rawlinson (private secre tary) and Hon. Thos. Reibey, left Hobart by the express train yesterday morning, and were taken from fivandale Junction to liongford by the outgoing midday. At Longford the party were met by the Hon. T. Reibey 'e carriage and driven oh to Entally, at which place the vice-regal party will remain as guests. It is the inten tion of the Governor to be present at Long ford Show, to be held to-day. The Weekly Half-houdaf.— An ad- - vertisement elsewhere announces that a meeting of employers is convened by the Early Closing Association, to be held in the class-room. Mechanics' Institute, on Monday ! evening next. As Mr Back, the manager of - Tasmanian Government Railways, intends i running the first excursion train of the series in the interests of tbe Association on Wednesday, the 23rd inst., and as a desire has been expressed by a number of em ployers in different businesses, the par ticulars of which appear in the advertise ment, to at oncc adopt the weekly half holiday, the meeting is called to allow employers an opportunity to discuss the matter, and it is expected that the result will be that the day of tbe excursion will see the inauguration of the permanent I adoption of the weekly half-holiday. Trains to Hobart.- The general man- ; ager of railways has arranged to despatch a 1 special express train to Hobart at 11*46 a.m. to-morrow. Those who have single fare tickets to Longford Show may return by 1 this train. The ordinary express will leave as usual at 3 p.m. j 'Recent Salvation army Bobiieby*. — Major Gover, of the Salvation Army, writes : to acknowledge the thoughtful suggestion of ! Mr Joseph E. Clarke, to the effect tbat the pnblic should subscribe the amount lost by tbe recent robbery at the officers' quarters, Wellington-street. Mr R. Gee, bookseller, Charles-street, has consented to receive con tributions for that purpose, and they will be officially acknowledged. Latrobe Show. — The North- Westcrn Agricultural Association annual exhibition will be held at the show yards, Latrobc, an Wednesday, October 23. Entries for stock, machinery, implements, hunters, etc., will close with the secretary (Mr Henry Murray, M.H.A.) next Wednesday, 16th inst.,at*9 pjB., who will forward schedules on appli cation. Beautiful Britain.— Part 12 of the portfolio of photographs published with this title is to nana, ana ine set is now compi- te. The 16 view* given in this final number &T2; quite equal to any which have preceded them. Many of the stately halls of England are included, and the splendors of some of the numerous places famed for their histori cal surroundings are given with great fidelity. In this issue a complete index is furnished as an addenda, and a very useful work of reference it will prove to all who are fortunate enough to have secured the series. Unclaimed Telegram. — A message ad dressed to ' Thos. Ray, Es-j.»' awaits a claimant at the local Telegraph Office. I River Excursions. — The b.b. Centennial 1 will leave the wharf to-day for Bosevcars at I 11 a.m. and 216 p.m., with the City Band | on board to enliven tbe proceedings with mnsic. The steamer Agnes wiU leave at 10 a.m. for Roeevears, Blackwall, Beaconsficld, and George Town, accompanied by the Gar rison Band. Indian Missons. — At Milton Hall Last evening tbe Rev. Isaac F. Row, secre tary to the Anglo-Indian Evangelisa tion Society, delivered a lecture on ' Indian Missione.' Mr F- L. Fysb presided, and the attendance was only moderate, owing doubtless to tbe rough weather which prevailed. The meeting was opened devotionaily, and the chairman made a fev? remarks, calling upon the lecturer 10 6pcak. Mr Row, who has spent over 18 years in India, stated that India, being an inlt-gral part of the British Empire, was I-ecuJiarJy suitable for evangelisation at the hands of the Christians of Great Britain. The various missionary socio lice working in India were doing and had done a great work in spreading Gospel truths throughout the land, but much still remained to be ac complished in that wy. During the past 10 years, the lecturer said^he had travclled&bout; 200,000 square miles of territory in India, ?o he was able tospeak from actual experience. His distinctive mission in India wus to en deavor to evangelise the Europeans, and there were many who needed it eorcly. .AH the large citics contained many zealous Christians who exerted themselves to better the spirital condition of their fellow crea tures, yet there were many who were perishing for want of help. There was, however, a desirable missionary feeling abroad in India, and it should be strength ened and fostered, llie people of Great Britain and her vast dependencies should realise tbe importance of assisting iu the work, and by their prayers, their money, and their lives they should tTy to promote Christianity throughout India. At the close of the meeting the Jcctnrer was accorded a vote of thanks, and the proceedings ter minated. I Importation of Frjzg Swine.—1 Tbe; b.b. Coogee lauded yesterday two prize Herk- I shire sows and one prize Berkshire boar, which have been receivied from tbe weli koown breeder, Mr J. H, Angus, of Koulh Australia. They are imported by Messrs. C. H. Smith and Co., to the order of Mr G. M. Barnard, of Windermere, and will be shown at tbe Longford 6how to-day. Mr Angus' stock hear a good reputation, and strains from some of his best blood, and also from several of his latest importations from Eng land, are in these animals. Pebbonb who sympathise with the afflicted will rejoice with D. E. Carr, of 1 2vi 'i 11 ar rison-strect, Kansas City. Ho is an old sufferer from inflammatory rheumatism, but has not heretofore been * troubled iu this climate. Last winter be went up into Wis consin, and in consequence has had another attack. ' It came u|-on me again very smite and severe,' he said. ' My joints swelled and became inflamed ,* sore to touch or almost to look at. Uj»on the urgent request of my mother-in- law I tried Cliamberlain'd Pain Balm to reduce the swelling and ease the pain, and to my agreeable surprise it did both. I have used three fifty-cent bonk* and believe it to be tbe finest thing for rheumatism, pains, and swellings extAot. For sale by all dealers.— Hatton and Laws, General Agents. j aLBert Halt. Entertainment, — A popular entertainment under the. direction of Mr George Gardner, assisted by a large sumber of performers, takes pla'oe at the Albert .Hall , to-nighjt. 1, The entertainment is in. aid ,nf fthe Jjauaocyton Pencvolcnt Society and Dtalrlflt Nii ruing AsBohiaUon, whose good work is deserving of every support from all classes of the community, Admission to all parta of the hall will he one shilling, by art union tickets, i.e., those who have bought tickets in the cbarltics art union will be admitted free at the main entrance to tbe haU, while those who will pay thtjir money at thev cnd door will also be given an.art..nnion tiokct, thuo ' combining the entertainment afad u fcbantie to win the piano, cart, or bicycle, or any other of the 60 prizes for one shilling. The doors will be open at 7*16, but those who havo already bought their licketa, or will procure them at the office to-day (next Mr James Barclay's, Brisbane-street), will be admitted a quarter of an hour earlier. St Joseph's Band will march through the streets prior to the enter tainment. A oonocrt and dance take place a concert in the Burnie Town Hall, in aid of the same chariticB. The concert at Devon port has been postponed until the 24th inst. Benevolent Society. — The ordinary weekly meeting of the executive committee wafi held at the Board- rOom laet evening] Prcsent-T^Oaptain Barwood (in the chair), Mesere.J. O. Genders, Thos, Botirke, Alfred Jones, J. T. Farmilo, Geo. WilkinB, James Steer (hon. treasurer), and the secretary (Mr Robert Cameron). The secretary re ported that on the temporary roll there were eight men and three women. Of the men one was attending the hospital, four were relieved for three days each, one for two days, one for one day, aod one for a week. The permanent roll Lai 47 men, ' 118 women, 202 children ; total, 367. ' One] recipient retired with thanks, one having ' died was struck off, and one; family wa&l; taken off, the man being able to work. Donation — Clothes, Mr N. Brimblc. The bon. treasurer acknowledged the reccipt of £1 from Mr Isaacs 1 ' Aleph,' per Mr Bourke, 10s. A man of questionable character, who at the last meeting was put on the books of the society for one month, was stated by one of the members who was absent on tne previous occasion to be not worthy of assistance After discussing the man's case it was dccidcd to communicate with the Catholic clergy to endeaVor to get them to try and have a girl of seven years of age sent to Gt. Joseph's Orphanage. At pro scni ine man ana inrcc cnuaren were living in one apartment, Mr Steer said Alderman H'Crackan had informed him that the late Mrs Stratton, who died recently, had be queathed the society £125, The Warden of Uvandalc, Mr James Cox, wrote to the chairman stating that the maternity case which bad come from Evandalc, and was beiog relieved by the society, was provided for by the Government, and, therefore, Evan dalc paid its due share towards it by way of taxes. In the other case, which had been referred to in the previous correspondence, the recipient had been a resident of Laun ceston long since she left the Evandale dis trict. It was agreed to allow tbe corres pondence on the question to cease. The commLttee then eat as the board of manage ment of the Benevolent Society, — The super of the institution was as follows :— Remain- ing on Suptembcr 1, 202 ; admitted during tbo month, 11 ; discharged and died. 12 ; re maining October 1, 201. The particulars of the deaths which had occurred were as fol low : — Isaac fiigginbotbatn, agod 71, native of England ; May Keep, 81, native of Ire land ; Thomas Brown, S3, native of Eng land ; Tbo mas Bellinger, 70, native of Eng land. The revenue for the month had been £12 19s, and the expenditure £187 16? 4H. Donations— Mr F. W. HalL pastry ; Miss Kelly, fruit; Miss Hales, eggs; Mrs Roles, soup; Miss Miller and Miss Weathcrhcad, j periodicals. Although the expenditure for | this month ia exceptionally heavy, the board has still a credit, balance, The chairman j stated that everything in connection with I the institution had been going on satis- j factorily, and tbe board rose, I City Police Court.— Mr Ernest Whit felri, P.M., and Mr R. H. Price, J.P., occu yesterday. Marion Graham, for being drunk and disorderly on the previous night, was fined £1 or 14 days, this being her second offence within 80 days. A number of defendants were fined &s; and costs for failing to register their dogs. Eliza Warren sued Charles Illman for main- tenance of his female child, left without support since June 17. Plaintiff asked an adjournment until Friday, in order to bo enabled to engage a solicitor. Mr M. J. Clarke, who appeared for defendant, ap- plied for professional and witness costs. The case was adjourned till Friday, plaintiff to pay professional costs, failing to engage lawyer, for which purpose the adjournment was granted. Elizabeth Llewellvn pro- ceeded agaiust brr husband, John Llewellyn, 1 whom she charged with leaving her and i four chitdrcn at Karoola without means of support, since August 24, Mr M. J. Claikc appeared for plaintiff, who stated that her husband was in receipt of £2 19s 6d a wpek as a fireman. At his request she and her family, of whom four were under ten years of age, had gone to live on an allotment of land belonging to defendant, at Karoola, the latter promising to send food. Since j August 24 he had only sent a very in- 1 sufficient supply, the family often being in show that food sent for maintenance of the | I younger children was nsed for support of 1 the elder oneB, who were adults. After the i case had been part heard, it was adjourned j | until Thursday. Ghost-hunting at Hackney.— Seldom ] has such a scene ocourred in a London churchyard as was witnessed during the j early hours of the morning of August 21 in j the churchyard o! tbe old parish church of St. John, at Hackney, when fully a thousand men and women turned out from their I houses in the neighborhood to hunt the parish ghost. For some time past people J passing through the churchyard late at night | have been startled bp ' a ghost in a sheet.' Women have fainted with fright, and the 1 local newspapers have published accounts of ! the strange affair. Whether this morning's scene was planned cannot be ascertained (says the 1TY stmituftrr Gazette of August 21 ), but between 10 and 11 o'clock Jasl. night a mixed crowd began to assemble at the rear ; of the church where the ghost was Supposed i to be, and where in the usual way scarcely anyone passes after 11 o'clock. A loog wait until midnight, and then, as no ghost appeared, the crowd went in search of it. Arujed with lanterns and candles, and carrying sticks and stones, the crowd cJimbcd the railings from tbe pathways, and took possession of the burial ground. Graves aud tombstones were clambered over, aud recently-rcBlored mounds were trampled down. A portion of the crowd looked upon the whole affair as a joke, and consequently eery few minutes the cry was foolishly I raised of ' Tliere it goes I' and immediately I the whole crowd rushed in the direction in- ' dicat-td, and, as no ghost could be seen, it I wbb argued by the more superstitious por- I tion of the crowd that the ghott, bad disap- 1 peared into tbe earth. Others in the crowd 1 amused themselves by making the night I hideous with imitations of unearthly crics, and although the police were called in dear j the place it was not until the verge of j daylight that the last few disappointed stragglers went away. I A lady at Tooleys, La„ was very sick with 1 bilious colic wh- n M. C. Tibler, a prominent merchant of the town, gave her a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera aud Diwrhrea Remedy. He says she was well in forty minutes after taking the lirst dose. Fur fain by all dealers.— Hatton and LAWj^Gencral Agenifi. j 