IMOPCltet. A LIFE AT STAKE. Anther of'-* Th", House of Starts," Vivian Thome?' " The ILiress of Egremont," The False Heir" Cr"c. t CFIAPTER XXX11.-(CONTINUED). Ey MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. <"M To say that Lord Tresaillian waa startled the amount, would bo to speak but truly, but he oonaealed hig surprise from the lawyer, and Eaid, calmly : " I was not aware that the sum was BO large, Mr. Jasper, and shall require a little more time for its payment." " Plow much time, my lord?" " Suppose I pay you a certain portion of the amount, with interest, every year for the three years—tho third year tho entire remainder of the debt to be paid? 1 can do Vhat easily, but to do otherwise would be to jjubjeot me to considerable inconvenience." Th§ lawyer hositated. He knew that he n'jould press for th6 immediate settlement tbe debt, and ho was strongly inolinod to /1o so sinoe the viscount was not likely to ithrow any more profits in his way. i "1 should like a little titno for reflection, •my lord,' bo said. " In fact, I wish to consult with a friend whom I left at the village );nn. II you will permit me to call again this i-ifi.ernoon, I will give you my decision." Lord Tresaillian acquiesced in his arrangement. He arose with his guest, offored .Mm bis hospitalities, which were deolined -end remained standing until tho lawyer had withdrawn. When the door had closed behind hira, he .(resumes his sea* and drew from the desk the '.papers ho had thrown aside at Mr. Jasper's ;:ntranco. These he submitted, with a •'dtnilo, to hin bailiff. _ "limd them," ho said. "Even If Mr. •Jasper presses for immediate payment, I have too cause for despondency. You see that my u'uther's speculations in those Welsh mines •are likely to turn out well, after all. Tbe agent says that he will telegraph immediately if the new vein for which they are looking >V)e discovered." While Lord Tressillian and hia steward >ere thus engaged, Mr. Jasper took his way :along tho road toward the village, swinging bis walkinsr-atiok as he went, and thinking intently. His gaze dwelt appreciatively upon i-he kindred eatates of Tressillian and Dare, and, as he carno within view of Edenoourt, ^ie permitted his thoughts to wander to its owner and its immense value. An Eden, indeed," he mused, pausing after he passed the mansion, and leaning meditatively upon the park railing, while his keen eyes sought out the spotted deer that browsed oontentedly in the mingled sunshine and shade. "I should like to have business relations with Sir Allyn Dare. He used to borrow money, they say, in his wild days. Pity ha hasn't got a son." His reflections were here broken in npon by the sound of a horse's hoofs on the road, and turniDg, he beheld Therwell cantering leisurely along, coming from the direotion of the village. A look of recognition instantly lighted up r his face. ° He stepped forward, attracting Therwell's attention, and had the satisfaction of being recognised in turn. " Mr Jasper, I believe?" said Sir Allyn's enemy, reining in his horse. " The same. And you are Mr. Therwell, Sir Allyn Dare's secretary," rasponded the lawyer, observing the superb steed bestrode by Therwell. '< I used to lend you money in tbe old days, you remember?" "Yes, I remember, and a hard bargain you a! ways drove, JaBper," said the secretary •with a slight laugh. " But I am no longer a poor secretary, nor in Sir AUyn'a employ. It wan his father whom I served." " Fortune smiles then now, I suppose ?" observed the lawyer, beginning to think that an acquaintance with Therwell might be deB rable. « Well, yes," waa the carelees response; " if her smiles bring wealth, ease, and luxury, then she does Btnile upon me, I might say she actually laughs, for I am about to marry the loveliest young lady in the world—a creature as bright and spirited as a wild fawn, and as beautiful as—as a long bank acoount. I refer to Miss Dare, the future owner of Edeucourt." The lawyer's eyes widened to their utmost extent, and brightened in proportion. " la it possible ?" he asked, almost incredulously, glancing first at the large and fair estate ppread around hicn and then at the rotund figure and round smooth faoe of the expectant bridegroom. Some people are born for luck, Mr. Therwell. 1 suppose its a genuine love-match. Miss Dare is doubtless a romantic young lady who despises the nsual routiue of marriage, and chooses her late grandfather's secretary in preference to titled gentlemen ?" Therwell Btroked his chin oomplaoently. " I flatter myself," he said, that the matoh is not so inoongruoua. I am here now for the marriage." " Indeed if you should require more money than you may have at command, I should be happy to honor any drafts," said the lawyer, obsequiously. "You are very good, but Sir Allyn would feel hurt if I applied to any one but him. Besides I have a fortune of my own, Mr. Jipper." Tbe lawyer professed himself rejoiced to hear it, but with such an evasive look that Therwell could not resist smiling, " You are at your old business yet," said the horseman, stroking the long mane of hie steed. What are you at Edenville lor r The money-lender inolined hi&head; in the direction ol Treeuillian H«U, " To lend tho vi.count money ?" "No, to too him about his father's debt*. The old lonl owed mo oon-iiduiablo amount, mid tho young ono has to pay it. It will emm hm (1, I fancy." Tiu'nveH'B imiijl ^cnt expression gave way instanUy to an earnest look. •• HUB he p-ud yju ?'ho asked. " No," replied tho lawyer. " Ho wantf time. Si.vH he can pay nit? all within thruu year*, but it, will inconvcnienco him now. I itiinu'ine ii will, and pretty seriously, too. Told him I'd hoc about it. Fact is, I haven't quite made up my mind what to do." Therwell looked thoughtful, and n strange gleam shot from Lis usually dull oyns. .S-nco tho previoin dp.y ho had conceived a t-trong hatr< d for L'>rd Trmdlliiui. IJD had i;ro\vn to regard Lido 1) re a 1 ! bin peculiar property, and to feo ; . toward her a s- lliahsirt of i t'fi ctinn. ILjberan to exult in iw r beauty ar<l hi r spirit, ami to lo >!; joalomdy on all who won her rmilrs. At fWt ho hud anticipated no danger from lior inte'views with the young viscount, bat sincu tho visit to Ot'-kahaw, and pinco Bhe had left him behind in the return to Edenoourt, ho had nourished a bitter angur aKainxt. Lord Tro.-;»i!lian, who had witnessed bin difcoomlituro and probably exulted in it, lie had his eyen opened suddenly to the faofc that Lord Tresaillian wa:j younger and liancluomer than he, and better fitted in all manly attractions to win a lady'a heart. lie had also discovered that Ilde loved Lord Tresaillian, and that she. was loved in return with an ardent, tender, unself'uh passion, euch as ho could never feel. In ihort, IVrwell, while doubting nothing of liia power to compel tb.o marria^o, waq yot mirerably jenloud of hinrival. Tho clotire to injure him was strong within his hcc.rt, and ho rejoiced at tho opportunity that fata had thrown in his way. Aftjr a brief self communion, he said " I should advise you to press your claims at onoe, Mr. Jaaper. Or stay, why not transfer them to me ? 1 will pay you handsomely for them." Tho lawyer looked keenly at the exsscretary, but lna glances mi«ht as well have fallen upou stone. Therwell's oouuterance was impassive, and hia eyes had in them nqtiiing except an expression of eagerness. "I suppose you don't like hia lord- Bhip?" " I'm not fond of him, Mr. Jasper. But what do you Bay to my proposal ? Is it yes or no ?" For answer the money-lender drew from his pccket a slip of paper up-^n which was inscribed the sum of Lord Treseillian s indebtedness; Instead of being overcome at the amount Therwell's eyes sparkled with pleasure. He saw the immediate disbursement of such a sum might embarrass even Viscount Tresaillian, and he bccamo moro than ever eager to take tha olaira upon himself. " I will give you a chcquo for tha amount, Mr. Jasper," ho said, with a ftigned carelessness, " it you will mrko over to me all the papers and notes t hat belong to the caso, and all the late viaoount's acknowledgements, with the necessary papers to prove the transfer." Mr. Jasper appeared to reflect. He was annoyed at tho result of his interview with Lord Tresaillian, and had no hope of ever ob- taining anything from hira. He oompared Therwell's oiler with that of the younp viscount's, end speedily made up his mind to close with tho former. "I will oblige you with pleasure, Mr. Therwell," he eaid. "If you will aocompany me to the village the busineas can bo arranged without delay." The ex secretary, ooncealing hig delight, immediately turned hia horse's head toward Edenville, and they set out for tho village inn. Upon the way they conversed with considerable freedom and developed kindred sentiments, although Therwell was as guarded and cautious in his speech as . UHUftl. Arrived at the village, they stopped at the Dare Arms, and soon after proceeded to the office of the only attorney E Jenville afforded. Hero the papers were gone over, the necessary documents made out. and the Tresaillian claims transferred to Therwell, he giving a cheque in payment. The business oonoluded, the two returned to the inn to dine together, and Hoadley took care to treat his confederate with the servility and obsequiousness he deemed outwardly due to the future master of Edencourt. After dinner, Mr. Jasper hastened back to town, and Therwell set out for Tresaillian Hall Ho had scarcoly quitted the high street and emerged upon the country road when he observed a horseman galloping along before hira in the same direotion he was taking. Tho horseman was well mounted, and some distance in advance. The distance was diminished as they neared the Tresaillian estate, and when Therwell approached the lodge gatos they were flung open for the horseman he had been regarding, and then closed behind him. The next moment Therwell was granted admittance. He strode swiftly np the lime shaded avenue to the Grecian portico, dismounted and knocked at the door. A servont answered the Bummons. " I wish to see Lord Tresaillian," he said, imperiously. " My lord is engaged with a gentleman who has just come from London," was the reply. " If you will enter, sir, I will give my lord your name." Therwell gav9 the servant a card upon whioh his name was inscribed, and was ushered into the drawing-room. He was in.- patient tobehold the humiliation of his rival, and walked about the floor, his hands upon the precious documents that proved the in- debtedness of the late viecount, and his claims to possess the money for it. 1 " No mercy !" he whispered to himself. 1 1 shall fike to hear the youngster tell me that he can't pay under three years ! I won't grant him more than three days. He will have to mortgage some of his farms, sell some of his lands, or resort to borrowing. Sir Allyn oan't lend him a penny. I begin to feci repaid for the annoyanoe I endured yeBterday. 'My lord' shall pay dearly for his night ride to Oikshaw with Ilde Dire, and she shall suffer too for daring to love him 1" With suoh thoughts as these he awaited the viacount's coming The minutes passed, and still he was left alone. The servant returned to say that his lordship would soon see him, and then left him to himself again, and during that time he ctiafed, fumed, and nursed hia jealous wrath against the visoount, and delighted himself with anticipations of the ruin and dismay he would bring upon him. Bat when, at last, be heard a step in the hail, he b3came himself again, smooth, pleasant, and smiling. He had scarcely composed his feature?, when Lord Treesillian made his appearance. He came in with a faint look of surprise on his face, but he was perfectly courteous, though very oold in his greeting. He looked as though he had just received pleasant news, for hia eyea were full of pleasure, and his manner indioated a sense of relief from some pressing care. " To what am I indebted for this visit ?" he asked. " To business simply," responded Therwell, in hia soft, bland tones, whioh thoae who knew him beat liked least. " Allow mo to come to the point at once, my lord. You have received a visit to-day from Mr. Jacob Jasper, of London ?" Lord Tresaillian, somewhat wonderingly, replied in the affirmative. " Your late father was heavily indebted to Mr. Jasper for borrowed moneys.''said the visitor. " That, I believe, is a faot that concerns only Mr. Jasper and myself," returned the visoount, ooldly and haughtily. " It also a matter which I do no not obooae to discuss with any one but Mr. JaBper himself. 1 Allow me to question tho good taste that prompts your conduct, and to end our interview." " Not so faRt, Lord Treseillian," exolaimed Therwell, smiling with (gratification at the part before him. " I have authority to sot ia thin matter." " J fail to recognise it," was the quiet re- Hponso. " If Mr. Jasper has made you his representative, he will have to withdraw his authority frora you." " I see you do not yet comprehend," and Therwell's eyes glowed, and it required an etf >rt to preserve his impasaive expression. " You have had the ill-fortune to cross my path, Lord Trossillian, and I never forgive any one who attempts to thwart me. You Ivive had tho audacity to lift your oyea and hopes to my betrothed wife—" " Slop ( You must not speak of Miss Dire by that name to me I" exolaimed tbe young viucount, with flushing eyen. " I do not recognise your claims upon her, and the marriage Bhall never take place— never 1" " You will prevent it, perhaps ?" snoered Therwell. " You hud better beetow some of that overflowing enthusiasm upon your pecuniary affairs. Tocomo to the point : Mr. Jasper lent your father largo sums of money to invent in Welsh mines, and foreign railways and so on. You asked for three years to pay tho debt in. It is my plcasuro to inform your lordship that I have Beon Mr. Jasper and purchased from him the entire debt. Ilera are the documents to provo my assertion ; and I want the money within thrco days." _ IIo waited to hear pleadings for an extension, nnd looked at Tresaillian, cxpeoting to ace hi:n grow pale and faint. Instead, ho was astonished to heo hitn smiie quietly, and hear him him ask to sea the deed of tr^nnfer. Ho exhibited it at once: '• I suppose that it is perfectly legal?" said tho young viscount, ramming it. " You will fiud so, to your cost, if you attempt to evade the payment," replied Therwell, surprised into roughness. " I said I mu:;c have my money within three days, and I will not wait one hour longer." The smile deepened on L)rd Treasillian's face. II<! stepped to the door of the corridor and cillcd some one. Hia summons was answered by a small, dapper individual, who carried under one arru a bulky portfolio, whom Therwell believed to be the horseman who had proceeded him to the hall. " Mr. Thompson, my busineis agent—Mr. Therwell, said the viscount, briefly. The two men exchanged formal bows. " Mr. Thompson has just arrived from town," said Lord TrersHiiitn, with a tinge of triumph in his tones. " IIo was my father's business advieer and counselled those investments to which you have alluded, Mr. Therwell. Ho has come here to say that the Welah mines have turned out satisfactorily after all, a new vein having been struck, and he has sold out my stook at a great advance upon their original price. In tact, the money is already placed to my credit in the bank. So I shall not be obliged to ask evon three days in whioh to pay you." Therwell's face lo.-it its color and its delighted expression altogether. A look of anger and bitter disappointment gathered in his eyes, and hia lips fairly trembled with suppressed rage. " As soon as I receive from Mr. Jasper confirmation of this deed of transfer," continued the viscount, coolly, your demands shall bepaid to the uttermost farthing. Allow me to bid you Kood-morning." The dieoomfited visitor took his leave without a word, his blandness and softnees having utterly deserted him. His host followed him to the door and said, at parting : " Aocept this little check upon your plans, Mr. Therwell, as sign and intimation also of the frustration of your sehomeB with regard to Miss Dare. For, as sure as I livo, Ilde Dare shall never beoome your wife!" With these words ringing in his ears, Bnl his heart swelling with intonse wrath, Therwell mounted and rode toward Edenoourt, CH APT Ell XXXIII. " too S IIO OLD HAVK KNOWN ME BETTEB THAN 10 THUEATEN ME t" "For never can true reconcilement grow Where wounds of doadly hate have pierced so deep." MILTON. It was the evening of the day npon whioh Therwell had visited Tresaillian Hall and encountered such complete diacomfiture at the hands of its young master. The twilight shadows were gathering around Edenoourt, enveloping the mansion, park, and pleasure-grounds in a soft, delicious haze that waa inexpressibly delightful after the broad sunshine of the day. It was Ilde Dare's favorite boar, and the young girl was walking slowly up and down the garden paths, between rows of blossoming spring flowers which seemed to yield their sweetest breath ta the declining day. Her delioate figure, robed in the softest gray, relieved only by a fleeoy scarlet shawl, seemed appropriate to the hour and the scene. Her pure, thoughtful faoe, surrounded by a wealth of gloHgy brown curls, looked almost as if chiselled in marble, and her manner was unusually quiet and selfabsorbed. Around her was spread a lovely scene, fit for the haunt of a peri. In the oentre of the garden, from which all the walks radiated like the points of a star, was an exquieite marble fountain; the central urn was supported by delioately sculptured figures, which bore their burden with a grace seldom compassed in marble. Over the urn, poised each by one tiny foot upon the brim, stood, in graceful attitudes, a band of water-nymphs who, in playful mood, were flinging water at each other. The crystal dropa dashed over the flowing hair of each marble maiden, and then fell with musical mumurs into the basin. Vines trailed along tho brim of the urn, entangling the gleaming feet of the nymphs, and drooped in looae featoons over the outer edge of the baain, affording a lovely blossoming frame to the fountain. But the future proprietress cf these beauties did not bestow one wondering glance upon the fountain, nor the flowers, nor the rows of tropical trees planted in boxes which lined the walks, nor upon the many evidences of taste and wealth that crowded the garden. With a quiet step she walked alonp, her gray silken robe trailing over the gravelled paths, and her shawl gathered tightly over her breaat. She was thinking of what Mrs. Acnry had promised her, and was building hopea upon it- She was thinking, too, of her lather, and planning, as she had done continually of late, how to avert from him the consequenoes of hia own fatal weakneaa and indecision. Wrapped in reflection aha was not conscious of the approach of an intruder until she heard her name pronounoed, and beheld Therwell by her side. " A p'easant evening, Miss Ilde," he said, in a pleasant voice, hia faoe without a sign of the anger that had disfigured ie some hours earlier. I hope you do not find yourself greatly fatigued after your long ride to Oak- Bbaw !" "Thank you, no," replied the maiden, her aocent expressive of haughtiness, aa she essayed to pass him. He laid hia hand lightly on her arm. " Do not leave me yet,"' he eaid, smoothly, yet in a voice that conveyed a command. " I have something to say to you. L'iease take ray arm." "I will hear what you have to say," she answered, " but I prefer to walk alone." He detected her ditl ky and defiance in her tones, and did not press th* point. His mouth curved itself into an extremely disagreeable smile, as if he were premising himself ample re-veugo in the future for her present scorn, _" Very well, Mias Ilde," ha declared) timing his stops to he**, and keeping at her side. " Have your own way now, for your days of maiden freedom are numbered. When I first came hero I eaid you should have a month in which to prepare for our wedding. So far as I oan le*m you have not commenced the slightest preparation. I have heard of no visits or orders to town milliners ; I have seen no bustle euoh aa usually preceedea tho marriage of a great heireas; no noblo friends have called to congratulate yon upon your engagement or to pay their respects to tho bridegroom-elect. In short. M'S3 Ilde, your conduot throughout Beema that of one who oither has no faith in the prrjected marriago, or who ocoup'es her time in soheming to prevent Your random guessea havehitthe truth, Mr. Therwell," said the maiden, coldly. Tie did not appear to notioe her remark. But his tones had a oharacter of bitterness and anger in them, aa he siid : Then I have something elae to complain of. You are my betrothed wife, and I do not choose that you Bhould take midnight ridos with young gentlemen. I dare say your expedition had the approval of your father. I know you were attended by MiBa Arsdale and your old groom, still I do not chooso that my future wife Rhould take journeys unattended by me. Do you not know that your conduct has been such as to encourage Lard Tressillian to love y&u;? His lordahip actually hopes to make you his wife." "And I hope to beoome so I" responded Ilde, ia^a low clear tonp, while even in the twilight it might havo been eccn that the huo of her cheeks rivaled the vivid scarlet of her shawl. 1 1 You do ?" ejaculated Therwell. " Then you really intend to defy me ? You intend to sacrifice your father to the fancy of moment ? You will ooolly witness hia asce to the soellold " "Hold !" cried Ilde, in a spirited, commanding manner. " Do not dare to speak to mo in that way of my honored father! Havo you for one instant believed that I °°uld sit dowD supinely, without a struggle against the rovolting destiny you would foroe upon me? Have you imagined that 1 would yield to this horrible fate without first having tried every means of escape ? You have strangely misnndorstood me." " No, not so," Baid Therwell, quietly. " I knew you had more spirit than your father, and therefore was prepared for your visit to O.ikehaw, My house-keeper there had orders to be on the look-out'for you, and to send at once to me instead of tho polico. But having sought in vain for the written compact, you must now resign yourself to your fato." Ildb' s silence answered better than words oould have done. Still obstinate, i see," said Therwell. "You would struggle longer, and so tighten your bonds. Do you think it well to excite your father with false hopes?" " Is he not dying before my eyes ?" cried Ilde, passionately, stopping and facing her persecutor. " Does he not fade perceptibly every day under the excitement and anguish he suffers ? So long as an instant of freedom remains to me I will strive to avert from him the crowning horrors of bis sad life. He will die if I marry joa. He will die if I refuse. Heaven help him—my poor father I" The la3t words were uttered with a wildneH8 that might have touchrd a heart of stone. But Therwell smiled, and said, coolly : " Better a quiet death without ignominy than to perish, covered with ehame, and by violence. You Buffer, too, I see, my dear Ilde. Your hopps daily conflict with yonr fears, and you will soon be exhausted. In mercy to you and to your father, I have decided to hasten our marriage. The festivities 1 havo desired oan take placs after the wedding, which shall be quite private, sinoe you seem to desire it so. I love you, Ilde Dare, in my way, quite as well as Lard TrcBsillian does in his. I appreciate your beauty, your spirit, your wealth, your social position. I admire your grace, the color in your cheeks, the sweetness of your manner. I am an epicure, and I do not wish the bloom brushed oil nay peach. I mean by that, that I do not choose to defer our marriage until grief and despair have robbed you of your quick, light step, your spirited manner, your soft blushes, and your health. Therefore, 1 have determined to shorten the term of our engagement to ono single week from to day." " A Bingle week 1" responded Ilde. " Exactly that period," was the answer, in a tone of affeoted lightness, "And I have to request that yoa will not again eeeLard Tresaillian. I sent him a note an hour ago, stating that our marriage was to be hastened, and requesting him not to see you again. So that tie is loosened already." Theyoong girl put out her hands blindly for support, and caught at the vine-edged basin of the fountain. Her face grew as white ae those of the marble nymphs, and her eyes shone with a wild light that was visible even in the deepening twilight. " Only a week I" Bhe said, her thoughts at onp blow taking in all that she had to do if she hoped to prevent the marriage. What oould she do in seven days? Could she discover tbe missing witness, Shawcross? Could she find Therwell's sister, and get from her the written compaot ? Could Mrs. Amry bring her weapons to bear in that brief space of time? "Ifnot,"thought the young girl, a startling idea taking possession of her strong, ardent soul, and a lofty courage animating her whole being—" if not, I will defy him to do his worst. I will support and uphold my father. Therwell shall bring his witnesses against UB—and Heaven defend the right I" This resolve imparted a quiet, oalm dignity to her manner that astonished Ther- well. She looked at him with the wildness gone from her eyes, and he found himself unable to read her thoughts. "Yoa still grant me a week," she said, oalmly. "For a week, then, I am free, and shall allow no dictation as to my pursuits. I shall see Lord Tressilian if I choose, or any other friends who may take an interest in me." " Would it not be well to conciliate instead of angering me?" inquired Therwell, annoyed at her words. " Yon do not, perhaps, realise how completely yoa will be in my power after the marriage vows are uttered." 4 4 Coward f" cried the yonng girl, aoornfully. " You do well to show me still more your real character now. Permit me to end the interview." With a stately motion of her head, she gathered her shawl closer and swept past him, taking her way towards the mansion. He looked after her, half angrily, half proudly. "It will be pleasant to tame tbe proud little creature," he muttered, stroking his ohin. " What delight I shall have in breaking her in I The time shall come when she will be a meek, obedient wife, with no thoughts or aspirations beyond pleasing me, and no fears beyond offending me. By Jove, I am impatient to begin my task of taming her." He leaned against the basin of tbe fountain, and indulged in pleasant muaiogs. By this time the heavier and deeper shadows had nestled down npon the scene, and thegloriou3 galaxy of stars were shinirg in dim and mallow radiance, giving a weird asptct to tho lovely garden, with its trees, shrubs, and flowers. Therwell was silent and abetracted, buried in thought. He did not see a figure that raised itself Doieelessly from the shadow of some bushes near at band, and paused a moment, before attempting to steal away as silently as ; t had come. It was the figure of Mrs. Amry. S ie had fcI : owed Ilcietot^f garcen, intfn.iing to speak with her, but, observing Tuerwell'a approaoh, had quietly ensconced herself beneath a clump of bushes, and awaited hh departure. Thas she had unavoidably listened to the whole of the conversation, and had become aware oi the change iii Ilde'd prospocts. She was anxious to follow and oomfort her, and believed that she oould vaniah unseen under the oover of the shade and the night. She paused only long enough to note th6 position of Therwell, and then glided away. She had taken, however, but two or three steps, when she inadvertently trod upon a dry twig, whioh snapped under her foot, and she stopped abruptly, apprehensive of discovery. Her fears were well founded. That alight, crackling sound in the stillness of the early night aroused Therwell from his reverie. He started, looking around him nervously, as if fearing to see again the supposed apparition that had recently appeared to him, and then his keen glances rested upon the dark outline of that crouching figure. With a quiok, tiger-like bonnd he leaped towards her. The woman sprang up and attempted to flee as Bho saw his approach, but she had not taken half a dozen steps when his hand came heavily down upon her shoulder, and she found herself a prisoner. " A listener ?" he exolaimed, dragging her towards the fountain, and pausing in the lightest spot. " Let me see your face." The woman hesitated, then shook off his detaining grasp, and pushed away the olose hood that conoealed her features. At the sight of them bo shrank back with a cry of terror. " No, I am no ghost, Vinoent Therwell," she said, as his wild, incredulous gaze expressed hia f-jar that bo was beholding an apparition. "I am alive." " Alive 1" he said, in a shuddering tone. '«Alive 1" " Y JS, Vincent Therwell. Is it so hard to be^eve." " But—but I heard you were dead." " Tners wag such a report. I circulated it. I wished you and all who had once known ma to believe me dead." Therwell continued to gaze npon the woman's worn features with sickening terror. Hia round figure seemed to shrink with; n itself. Hi3 round face seemed to Rather itself up into a thousand wrinkles. His heavy, thick lips trembled, and he seemed suddenly nfiicted as if with ague. Whoever and whatever the strange seematreas was, she had a remarkable influence over the wicked eohemer before her. Aa ahe remarked tho effect of her presence, Mrs. Amry drew up her tall figure, her faoe grew stern, and sho seemed to assume the oharacter of a Nemesis, " I am alive, Vincent Therwell, and here " she exolaimed, in solemn tones that maele 41 him shudder. For years I have followed your step3 without finding you. I have traversed this kingdom on foot and alone, in sunshine and in rain, in cold and in heat, and the one thing that has kept me alivehas been the hope of finding you. And at last I have overtaken you.'' The last words were spoken exultantly, and he heard them. Therwell bent his head upon his hands in an attitude of despair. " You have not asked why I am here," said the woman, after a brief silenoe. " I know already," was the husky response. •' You can have but one errand." " la there any good in your heart, Vincent Therwell ?" ashed Mrs. Amry. " You seem overcome by the sight of me. Does my face reosll hajrpier days, when you were young and unstained by crime? Djes it awaken within you a single regret for your career of guilt ?" She knew ia her heart that it did not. Bat sho scarcely comprehended the manner and attitude of Therwell, and therefore endeavored to place the mo3t charitable construction upon it. " I suppose," said Therwell, irrelevantly, that you have brought officers with you— that thr ; y are even now in this very garden." " No, I am alone." Thia was an unfortunate admission. Therwell raised hia head with something of his former spirit; the livid hue of his face gave piece to a natural redness, and he recovered at once his former coolness and self- posseeeion. * "No one knows you are here ?" he asked. "You have told no one my story?" " No one." How Therwell's eyes gleamed then. I have told no one as yet," eaid Mrs. Amry, feeling uneasy by the change in his manner. "I know of your doings here, Vincent Therwell. I know bow you have schen-cd to possess the hand of Miss Dire, and with it her fortune and a social piaition. I know too, how you are oppreaaing her poor invalid father, who never injured you!" " You do?" " Yes: and though for years I have thought of nothing but avenging upon you my own bitter wrongs, I am willing to consider mercy now, if you will but be jusl. Mies Dare was kind tome the other day, and fed and sheltered me, and I would recompense her for it a thousand-fold. She ia a poor motherless young girl, and I, whom you have made childless, worse than childiess, feel my heart yearn in pity towards her. Vincent Therwell, if you will release Sir Allyn Dare and his daughter, and go away, leaving them to themselves, I will promise to forego my revenge and leave yon in peace." Tne strange seamstress spoke as if she believed he would gladly accept the terms she offered. "You are mild in your demands,"he replied, with a sneer. '« But suppose I refuse?" " Refuse at your peril 1" was her stern and quick response. " So surely as you refuse to release these innooent people from the bonds you have placed upon them, BO surely will I denounoe you for what you are I I will even bring the officers of justice to the house to-night " Therwell interrupted her by a cry of rage and fear. His hand disappeared within the breast of his coat, and when he withdrew it he held within hiB grasp something that glittered in the starlight. " You should have known me better than to threaten me," he said, in a hissing tone. " You will not betray me- Swear to me that you will not 1" It was a face glowing with murderous intent that he turned towards her. His eyes had the ferocious gleam of a wolf's, and his mouth had an expression that struck the woman with an instant comprehension of her peril. Suddenly she turned to flee. He was ready for the movement. With a single leap he gained her side, clutched at her throat to prevent her screaming for assistance, and demanded her oath of secrecy. Though her tongue was motionless, her eyes expressed her refuBal. " Then your blood be upon your head I" he said. There was a flash of steel in the dim light a holtow moan, the sound of a heavy falling body, and then, pale and scared, Therwell rushed from the gardens, feeling tbe brand of Cain upon his soul. The starlight shone upon a prostrate ficure in the shadow of che fountain ; upon a face ghastly in its pallor ; upon eyea that Btared upward vacantly; and upon a bosom in which the heart beat faintly—but still beat. CHAPTER XXXIV. " I KNOW TOO, IN FPITE OF YOUR DISGUISE 1" The ills of 1 -.ve, not thoae of fate, I fear ; These I can brave, but those I cannot bear. DUTDEN. The remainder of her first day of c.intivity paefed without any farther event to Lidy Cheilis. S!>e was served with another supply r:f anei water, which, like ihe Conner, sent aw Ay untouched. The ex- governesa did not cxo;-ang« word with her upon the oooaaion of her necond vioit, r.n:l withdrew aa quickly as possibl;, h aving the young bride to tho pleasantcr accioty of her own thoughts, and to the companionship of the waves, whioh beat and chafed restlessly against tho beach without. Having relinquished all hope of speedy esoape or liberation, it only remained for the captive to sohool her heart to patience and resignation, quaiitjes with which she had bccome familiar during her long years of imprisonment at the hands of her relativo. She had much to oheer her now that she had not had then. There were hopea and dreams, m- nonoent girlish fancies now brooding in her heart, to which, until recently, she had been a stranger. Onoe her life had been devoid of linka to the outer world; now she thought of the ono with whom she was connected by the nearest and tenderest of all tits, and lived over again the strange scenes of their marriage and hia unexpected confession of love at their last interview. Dreaming of him, she forgot the lapse of tho hours. She watohed the flush of the sunset on the white crested waves, heard without listening the mournful ories of the sea-birds, and did not leave the window even when the cold, gray twilight wrapped sea and land witbia its miBty folds. She eat there gazing into tbe sombre and deepening darkness, with a thoughtful look in her dark eyes—a look that saw not the heavy night shadows, bnt instead, a sunny happy home at Monrepoa, a home brightened with love and tenderness, a home shared with Sir Hugh. Sho had nearly forgotten already that her ideal had been a Bayard. The warm, human love proffered her by her husband had almost bccome dearer in her eyes than all the perfections of the stately old heroes of whom she had ever heard. And thus, thinking and dreamiDg, she did not notice how the night was deepening around her, until an involuntary Bbive-ring aroused her frora her abstraction. No lights had been brought to her, and the room had been quite chilly, a oold wind sweeping in from the sea, and entering the crevices of tbe windows. Cold, hungry, and weary from the effects of the drug, under the influence of which t>he had been brought to her present abiding place, Bhe disrobed herself in the darKness and crept into her neat little bed. As if to compensate her in part for her Borrowp, kind nature touched her eyelids with soft and gentle fingers, and speedily soothed her into sweet dumber?, which were beautified by visions of Sir Hugh, who seemed to plead anew for a love which was not this time denied. In the morning she arise, refreshed and strengthened, and arranged her toilet with careful hands. The day was chilly, and without a dreary rain was falling, its dropa pattering restlessly again6t the windows, making the most mournful of music. Above this minor moan of the rain was the bitter wail of the angry sea as it dashed upon the beach and then retreated, seeming like a wild beast chafing in its cspe. Lady Chellia' evening attire was insufflsient, and she sought additional warmth in her thick cloak, and nestled in the depth of her easy chair. At an early hour her frugal meal was brought, and, as soon as Mra Barrat had re- tired, she ate her allowance of brsad, and then endearored to obtain refuge from her physical discomfort in day dream*. This day waa a type of the two that followed. A dreary, drizzling steady rain made the eoeae without painful to look upon and tho prison chamber was gloomy, oold, and unplesant. The conspirators congratulated themse'ves that nature bad assisted their_ EclietLflH by making the house by the eea intolerable to their captive, and continually anticipated the announcement of her submission to their demands. But they waited in vain. No auch announcement was made. Calm and reBolute, Lady Chelliskept firm to her resolve not to yield. Shj walked backwards and forwards for hours together for warmth and exercise; she read the few books at her command ; she beguiled her solitude with songa and ballads, which aha sang softly and dreamily to herself ; she ate the meagre allowance of bread afforded her; and never once complained, or showed signs of relentiDg in her resolve. The fourth day of her oaptivity dawned dear and bright. The sunlight poured into her room in golden waves, transfiguring the crimson carpet and pictures on the walls. A genial warmth pervaded every nook of tbe now pleasant room, and the captive found herself sufficiently warm without the protection of her oloak. Throwing it aside, she seated herself by the window and looked out upon the tranquil, smiling sea. The sunlight bathed her lace-covered ehoulders in a pleasant glow, and shone amid her dark hair, nestling here and there, in slender, pencil-like rays, or in broad beams that turned to gold the tresse3 they touched, She was looking pale, as might have been expeoted, and her eyes had a sad and weary expression as she gazed longingly out upon the beach. " If I were only free 1" she murmured, her hand fluttering like a bird over the important paper she carried in her bosom. "Every moment I spend here may be a century of grief to Ilde Dare. Shall I yield for her Bake ?" She could not immadiately answer the question. Continuing to look out, she observed two figures sauntering carelessly along the sands of the beacb, apparently absorbed in conversation, and in the enjoyment of the agreeable change cf the weather. She speedily recognised them as Mr Wilmer and MrB Barrat. They paced slowly over tha beach nntil they had gained a considerable distance from the dwelling, and then they disappeared from her view around a projecting and rocky point. " If I could escape now 1" breathed the captive. Tbe inspiration bad been scarcely uttered when a key grated in her lock, the door opened, and Mrs. Garson entered, bearing a way. She still wore her print sunbonnet, but it was pushed away from her hard featured face, and her eyes were full and keen in her glances. She ;ame in abruptly, placed the tray upon the table, and stood with her back against the door contemplating the captive. " So you are crazy, are you t" ebe asked, brusquely. Lady Chellis looked up with astonishment, scarcely knowing how to reply to this singular address. " Da I look crazy ?" she aaked, quietly, after thinking a moment. " Well, yes, I think, you do, if you wish me to be frank." replied Mrs. Garson, surveying Lady Chellis critically. " I own I h«d some doubts, but they are gone now. No sane person would wear a dress like that at this season of the year. Low neck and short aleoves 1 of course you are not in your right mind 1" But I am in evening dress." said her ladyship. '•! wa3 stolen fion my home at night." "I did not come here to argue, Miss Wilmer. I haven't time to diecues the subject with you at present. Your uncie and Mrs. Barrac have gone out to walk for an hour or so, and I've brought you a little breakfast that may taste better than dry bread." Lady Chellis did not even Inok at the tray, " I am sure you must have a kxnd heart," she said, earnestly, "or you wouldn't have brought me food. I am wickedly and unjustly imprisoned. I am no more insane than you are. Mr. Wilmer has brought me here to compel ine to divide ray fortune with him. For years he has oppressed end imprisoned me, expecting to inherit my propetry. As- ?ist me to my freedom, Mr3. Garson. and I will bleFS you as my greatest iriet ? find benefactor."—7c be Continued. fli^ 