THE INTERNATIONAL YACHT RACE. The universal fascination of sport Is testified to by tbe keen interest of tho old and new worlds in the latest of British yachtsmen's periodical vain en- deavors' to win back the "cup of all nations," which the schooner yacht America sailed away from England with 44 years ago. Because they are international, these competitions have a peculiar palatabieness, no doubt. The world that takes recreation dearly loves tho "special attraction" of inter national importance, and on the whole, perhaps, would rather suffer the defeat of a compatriot than be deprived of the exhilaration of competition from with out In England they have eheerfuly smiled when such an alternative end ed against the English, as when French and American horses won the Derby, and Hanlan boat their best scullers with monotonous ease. If the Cornell University crew, which made such a poor exhibition on the Thames 'the other day, had beaten all before them, there would, at least, have been gratification in England for tbe excite ment tliey had induced, and precisely tho same thing would apply to an all- conquering Australian cricket team — will apply in the latter case, let us hope, before tbe end of the century. Even now a famous French wrestler who went to London merely to give ex hibitions is in great danger of losing caste because he refuses to engage in "catch aS' catch can" and Westmore land and Graeco-Roman discussions with the English wrestlers whom Eng lish enthusiasts wish him to meet in deadly earnest. Tho America's cup yacht race is an affair of another sort, however. The pithy and momentous enterprise in volved there is not merely interna tional supremacy, but, from the Eng lish point of view, possession of a tro phy the original loss and the subse quent retention of which are equally amazing to the British yachting mind. When it was won in IS51 "The Times" went the length of describing the finish of tho race as "America first, nothing second," so effectively did the New York Yacht Club's chooner out-distance English and Scotch yachts. Since then flic verdict has in effect been the same. Except that in 1871 the British yacht Livonia won one heat from the Ameri can Columbia, the Americans have easily kept tbe silver cup from every yachtsman that came over seas for it. In tho meantime British and American boatbuildcrs, between whom the real contest has been, have fought a keen tournament of skill and Ingenuity, im proving their methods each year and gradually approximating to the ideal yacht which would do the best that yacht could do in the way of speedi- noss. 'This year the Herreshoffs of Rhode Island have designed and built for an American syndicate, and Mr. . Watson has designed and Henderson and Patrick, of the Clyde, have built for Lord Dunraven and his friends, two racing machines as far above all their predecessors as John Roberts, jun., and W. G. Grace have been above tlieir contemporaries. In the gradual si f ting-out of undesirable features tbey have, curiously enough, well nigh come to common agreement. The Valkyrie and tho Defender are built on practic ally tlie snmo design. The Valkyrie's designer has abandoned the old English cutter model and largely adopted typi cal American lines in build aud rig, except that tlie cutter carries much more canvas than the Defender — her spread Is 11,600 square feet as against 10,400; and the Defender's designers, discarding tho centreboard which has hitherto been used in American yachts, have adopted the continuous curve of tho Watson keel. As a result of all this experience and endeavor, two yachts of admittedly unique capability were set afloat. Preliminary American criticism of tbe Valkyrie allowed that she would be "as fast as a ghost" in what they call "light airs," but there was doubt of her ability to equal the Defender in a sea way. There was the further objection that whereas the De fender had vanquished last year's American champion and every other aspirant with the greatest ease, the Valkyrie had only got a few minutes the best of the Britannia, the British "next best," over a 50 mile course. As things have happened, it is Impossible to tell what the relative merits of the boats are on the Sandy Hook course, where all these great races have been sailed. But even if tho Americans are so generous as to re-sail oue or more of the heats that have been marred by mishaps, the chances of the Valkyrie would seem to be anything but good. Tbe British-American example is one that might be plcasurably and profit ably followed ill Australia. Tbe condi tions in England and tho United States aro uot a whit more favorable to tho prominence of the admirable sport of yachting than they arc in Australia. Indeed, yachting and aquatic sports generally have already reached the im portance here which natural advant ages induce. It would be an excellent tiling if races for an Australian yacht ing championship could be arranged between boats selected in local compe tition to represent tlie various colonies, and would inevitably popularise a form of recreation which is healthy, useful, interesting, and, in short, bus most of the qualifications of gobd things. As to the public support of such contests, there can be no ques tion. A championship race between the accredited best and best boats of the colonics, sailed in or near any big harbor in Australia, would bo an event of enormous public interest. A meeting of the Burns Club was held In tho School ot Arts lecture-hall last night Mr. A. Kethel, M.L.C.. lu the chair. Air J. AI'Lachlau delivered a lecture on "Burns' His Serious Thought." Tho lecture was diversified by songs and recitations by both ladles and gentlemen. At a public meeting o£ Arncllffe residents this week, it was decided that a deputation should wait upon the Postmaster-General and urge that tbe Government purchase a site and' erect a post and telegraph oillce lu Arnolilto. j UJMUJULUUOUJa 1 "1' J" ' > .1. 