A BEAL GH05T STOY?? AT HAMPTON COURT. At last the reproach of the Psychical Research Society is taken away. It has always been the joke against them that they, who eeek perseveringly the spectral ex perien:es which othei would only bo too glad to avoid, never succeed in getting a ghost to take any notice of them. The more presence in a haunted house of one of these investigators was enough to lay every- 1 thing that ever walked in it; for, as Mr Lang puts it- - When the glum esecarchers come The brute3 of bogies-go! But at last better lack hen attended them. In the forthcoming number of "Borderland" the assistant editress, a lady well known in " psychicsl circles" as Mliss X., tells the following tale of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will be seen that the spectre was not only proof against the dis courazing influences of the S.P.R., but was not even frighteund away by an article on Pimetalism. A tough chost this: SLEEPING IN1 A IIAUNTED ROOM. I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roams in Hampton Court Palace. 3My room was quaintly pretty, but somewhat peculiar'in arrangement, and lighted only from the roof. The folding doors were locked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a small one withour curtains; indeed, lte room contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to the head of the bed that there was room, between only for a very small table, upon which I took care to place two long candles and a plentiful supply of matches, oeing somewhat addicted to late and early reading. I sat up in bed and gave my beat attention to Lord Farrer's problem, "Shall we Degrade our Standard of Value !" in the National Review. When I finished the artiele, as the clock struok half-past one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, and put out my lightsi and was asleep before the next quarter sounded. AWA?ED ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened from dreamless slumber by the sound, of the opening of a door against which some piece of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered the ca, .and tried to conceive by what kind of "rampaging" she could contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this side of the folding doors. "A dress fallen in the wardrobe," was my next thought, and I stretched out my left hand for the match-box,as a preliminary to in quiry. TIcE TOCCII OF A EPECTRAL nAND. I did not reach the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes paeeedin blackness and silence. I had the serisation of a presence in the room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should be spoken to, I said gently, "Is anyone there?. Can I do anything for you?" I remembered that the last person who entertained "the Ghost" had said "Go away, I don't want you !" and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better manners and be kind. However, there was no anewr---no sound of any kind; and return ing to my theory of the oat and the fallen dress, though nevertheless influenced by the recollection of those detaining fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on the edge of the bedstead, while with my left armextended I swept the surround ing space. As the room is small I thus fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. T50E APPARMON AND ITS LIOGIT. I .woa, thoush omaewh?t perplexed, .beout to grant myself license to go toasleep again, I when in the darkness before me there began to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which s gradually took form and became a tall, s alight wonman, moving slowly across the room from the folding doors on my right. As she passed the foot of my bed I felt a slight vibration in the spring mattress. At s the further corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her profile and general appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty. fivoyears of age, her figure alight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and a broad sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost under the aras, a croseed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie flat to the head, either in curls or " bows," I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to the color, but the dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitiveness, Ipercived the figure to be unesubstantiall, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking once more, " \Vidl you letme help you ? Can I be of any uise to you?" THE CIIOST KNEELS AND DISAPPEARS. My voice sounded preternaturally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She stoodstill forperhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate time on such oecasions. She then raised her hands, which were long and white, and held them before her as she esank upon her knees and slowly buried her face in the palms, in the attitude of prayer-when quite suddenly the light went out and I was alonein the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the cur tain down, and had nohesitabion in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I felt that it was definitely There was no force, no passion; 1 had seen a meek, sad woman, who had sucoumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the Illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one--a bead man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Regency-I thought of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate "This will not do, here and now," Ire flected, as the clook struck four, and as an act of mental discilpline I returned to my National Review. From Miss X's descriptions the ghosse seems to be an unidentified spectre, as least a century later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup pesed to be the ocly spectral occupants of the Palace. Does "Royal" mean anything in particu. lar? (asks "WVestminster"). This was the question which, in a way, was before Mr Justice Stirling lately. A "Royal Hungarian Band" Is advertised as playing at Olympia : but it is not the original "Royal Hun. garian Band" which played in Lon. don last year. The agent of this last mentioned band sought to restrain Olympia from calling their band "Royal,' The injunction, however, was refused in the absence of evidence of reputation requiredin the title of 'Royal.'" So there is prima. facie presumption, it seems, in favor of a "Royalty" in bands. 