... - ? N T E~ fr'E S'T I'N''a ? — S'T'G 'RRf.' MX* -S- *V-'»-r **?*?'** «* *»l V*r **V - ITA'S MMpRY. EyElIa Cheever Thayer* /? ; _ ? ? -? 'J ? ' ' CHAPTER h S^;OW, sir, would you v8'j| have any' objec wJiK liens to loaning yourself for a few. hours FrankLorraine, hurrying toward his. hotel with the result of the afternoon's sketching under his arm, stopped short in utter amazement at this unexpected and eingulnr question. From out the shadow of an old, ivy covered church a female figure stepped icto the faint light of a new moon. She w&s; enveloped from head to foot in a long, dark cloak, but under the large hat lie could discern piquant, girlish features aud* curling masses of fair hair. As soon as he had sufficiently recovered iron* his surprise to reply, he said, politely, — 1 * If you will explain your meaning, I can tell letter whether I shall be able to meet your wishes.' She moved a step nearer, as if feeling encouraged l»y his response. He noticed ail air of recklessness about, her, which had in it 110 boldness, however. '? 1 hope you will not refuse,' she said, politely. 41 If you will do what 1 ask, it will save me from a terrible predica ment.' Frank was only twenty-:one, and at that a^e a mysterious adventure is especi ally seductive, particularly when a young and pretty girl is concerned, iu it. There fore lie began to feel a desire to ' see it out.'7 il 1 shall be delighted if I can be of any service to you/r he said. *' What am I to do ?' She hesitated a moment, then responded with a question. ' First allow me to ask if I am cor veet is supposing you to be a stranger here T' This sounded suspicious, and he re turned guardedly, — ' I have been here about a week on a sketching trip.' 'Then you are an artist! I thought so !' The exclamation came involuntarily from her lips, aud had a girlish ring, seem ing more natural than anything she had said. 'You know me, then ?' he said, sur yiissd, and a little flattered. He thought — or was it only fancy? — that a deeper red dyed her cheeks as she replied, — 'I have seen you several times, and your sketchbook gave me the impression that you were an artist.' ihe fantastic thought suddenly sug gested itself to Frank, at this, that per naps she wanted him to go iuto the churchyard yonder, and sketch the tomb of some dead love. liather chilled by the surmise, he said biTJiiy, — ' 1 am merely an amateur.' Ine information seemed to make little impression, for without heeding it she asked, — '? Do you leave this town soon ?' *' I was intending to go to- morrow.' ' Nothing could be better!' she cried, with an elation that he didn't quite fancy. —'Everything will be all right if you will play a part for a few hours, and keep my secret inviolate. ' Play a part!' he echoed. 'What part It seemed an effort for her to reply, but fiualh' she hurled the answer at him reck lessly, ' t hat of my husband !' I rank staggered backward, and his handsome brown eyes almost started fiom their sockets at these astounding words. .This was something quite different from his tombstone theory, but decidedly more appalling. lie cuuld not speak. The unknown young girl, as though lsiieyed that her extraordinary pro position was fairly made, continued vo lubly, — 'i cannot explain why I make so strange a request, or even why I ask such a tiling of an utter stranger. Taat is all a part of a terrible mystery. But it cer tainly can do you no harm, and will save 'F*e bewildered young man took / *115 as if to cool his distracted head. She watched him with great anxiety. 'Where — and when — do you wish me io personate— the character?' he inquired at length. '1 want you to go with me to the house of a friend, where you will see only ! a few people — all strangers to you— ap- pearing as if the ceremony had just taken place here iu the church ; . remain ihere an hour or two, then come back to this spot with me, and leaving me go your way and forget all about the whole auair.' She detailed the plan with great eager ness. Frank, as he listened, recovered from U/3 stunned condition, and confessed to himself that she was asking nothing un l-ieasant, certainly, however amazin'. Wnre Ek-e old tnd ugly it would bi differ. » as u- van, ne aicui't see why He snould not consent. But his curiosity was greatly piqued. ' 0;ui I not know what this dreadful mystery is?' he asked. ' Impossible ! ' she cried. ' That must remain nay secret, and you must swear never to reveal- even the little you know. II rank hesitated only a moment longer, i 'Very will,'' he assented, then. **I place myself at your disposal.''' ' Ah ! thank you,' sir, so much!' she' exclaimed, in accents of joy and relief. *' ^ t will all be over very soon, and I hope you will excuse the' great ? liberty I have taken in asking this assistance .from- a stranger. Believe me, there was nothing else to be done.' ° ' I ani glad you did' not hesitate to ask me. Of course you will not wonder at my natural surpriseand hesitation,' he replied courteously. ' As for that, I expected you to be thoroughly dumfouhded. I * nasi only afraid of your refusal. I do not know what I should have dime had yon not allowed yourself to be persuaded.' She made a motion for him to folio was , she spoke, and started in the direction of the graveyanl. ~ j. Frank queried? inwardly whether the friends of whom she spoke where ghosts to be evoked from the quiet resting-places within. I 's I Suppose,' he-dard, glancing wist fully toward the distant hotel, ?' 1 sup pose I eouldut go and get *ny supper. Jirst ?' ' indeecL J--- ^s th«i quick an- ? f\\\ cr. ' B&V; tiSTfe?' miutl that. You iyraita^ jus ?wh.eire ? i-. ^ -r . gp*pg*- .... n *? ? » Thislookdd more promising, he thought, and started- oh after her toward the ceme tery. -~ V,: As he passed 'through the gate she ? glanced back, and her eyes fell upon the - sketchbook.-' ' You must not take that i' she, said. 1**11 -won't look like a wedding, you; know. Here— let mo hide it .behind one of these graves. It Will be quite safe.' ' Frank suffered her to carry out this suggestion, wondering at the same time if he had a bridal air about him generally that she should have selected him for the ; puzzling role. He observed that the stroined-up fever ish manner she had showed at first had j gone, aud in its place was one triumphant, ] almost gay. j Silently they went through the 'city; of the dead /'coming out onauotlier street, j which almost immediately she left for a j narrow, dark lane.'' ' j ' It is not to be a feast of goblins, : evidently,' thought Frank. . ' It be gins to look more like an attempted robbery. This lane is just the place for -that.' j He was by no means alarmed, however, and began to feel considerable interest in his strange adventure. When they came near the end of the lane, his guide, who was in advance a few steps, came back to his side, saying in a low tone : ? ' After we arrive, follow my lead in everything, please, and 'do not eeetn sur prised at whatever happens. Above all things, be sure and not betray how recently we have met. Your name, remember, is Arthur St. Clair.' 44 Romantic, certainly,' he muttered. 'I'll be careful,'1 he added. 'Never fear ! But your same? I m asi fcnow tliat, of course. ' She laughed — a tinkling, mugisal laugh, that sounded siugularly fa&cinatiug; to his j ears. 'I am Mrs. St. Clair,' she said, with light mockery. ' You may call me Ita when necessary.' Frank resolved to take full advantage of this permission if she proved in the light, should there bs any, as pretty as she seemed in the dark. Reaching the end of the lane, she took him a few rods up a road where the houses were few, turned to the right, went across somebody's back yard, aud brought him up in front of a pretty cottage which was brilliantly illuminated. There with a whispered injunction to ' be cautious,' she pulled the bell, aud almost instantly the door was opened. In the flood of light that streamed forth Frank saw a little dried-up, elderly lady, and, just behind her, a plain but bright looking youug girl. Both had an air of great eagerness, and the former took his guide iuto her arms, while the latter asked breath lessly, '* Is it done ?' ' All is well, Bertie,' replied the mys terious girl who had brought Frauk. Tuen, turning to him, she bade him enter. : ' This is Mr. St. Clair,' she said, j ' Arthur, you have heard me speak so! much of Miss Snow, and my dear friend, Bertie Snow, that you hardly need an in troduction.' | ' Yet it is a great pleasure to meet them face to face,' aaid Frank, with the utmost gravity, as he bowed low. Miss Snow, the eldar, seized his hand in both hers. 'Permit me to be the first to con gratulate you,' she said, tremulously, i ' Ita is a brave girl. .What has been i done is right. I feel sure it isT' ' ; As Frauk had not the remotest idea of what had been done, he only replied by a few non- committal words of thanks, and | glanced towards Ita. i Bertie Snow had taken off her long cloak and hat, and she stood before him in a dre-ss of electric blue; her luxuriant light hair framing an arch, fascinating face, which had no trace in it of the terrible mystery at which she had hinted. Her eyes fell before his eager, in quisitive look, then raised themselves with a half deprecating, half saucy, wholly unaccountable expression. '* If you will give me your arm, Arthur, we will go into the parlor.' Frank hastened to obey, beginning to like tha sound of his new name. As he felt the touch of the tiny white hand ou his arm, it occurred to him that his part was an uncommonly agreeable one to i play, and that he could enter into the spirit of it readity. , They entered the parlor, Miss S no wand Bertie following. The occupants of the room were four young girls, one tall, dark and queen-like, the others commonplace. Four pairs of eyes immediately transfixed him with curious, inscrutable undisguised $tares. Ita at once introduced him. The hand some girl proved to be a Miss Weld, and turned her dark eyes from him to Ita with a jealous, envious expression in them which seemed in keeping with the dark mystery involving him. After congratulations, which he bore with a good grace, they all proceeded to thedining-room, where was the sumptuous ., repast Ita had promised him. No serv- 2 ants were visible, but the elderly Miss Saov Mrrad averrthine herself. Ita ied the conversation, and was very | gay and brilliant. Was it real, or was she, too, playing a part? 'Frauk wondered. He noticed that she chose topics that were very general and safe. The dark Miss Weld was the only one who appeared i in the least gloomy. Nothing gave him a ' clue to 'the reason. of his being there, but,', not allowing that to disturb him, he abandoned himself to the enjoyment of the occasion, and was so very tender in his manner to Ita that more than once he brought a blush to her cheelcp. Nothing could exteed the' naturalness with which he spoke of her as ' my wife.' The elderly Miss Snow, who seemed to be the presiding genius of the affair, wa« all the time in a state of palpable emotion, which sometimes choked her utterances, and overflowed in stray tears. Her feel ings were so heartfelt and genuine that Frank,- while being wholly unable to ex plain their origin, was drafm toward her in spirit on account of them. pnee, as she brought some peaches to Ita, she bent over, aud, . laying her dis engaged hand on the fair head, said tre mulously..: : ' I at]Q so thankful, dear child,- that they can niever force you to do that dread ful -wrong now,. _ J Ai this |the brightness in the girl's face suddenly Clouded with something that resembled shame, and her eyes fell. 'Don't take* it ®o much to heart, dear Miss Snow,' she murmured. ' What- . ever happens, 1 shall never forget your goodness.1' _ 'There I I have made you remember all that trouble, and I ought not, to night,' said Miss Snow, remorsefully. ' But do not worry, deary ^ it can't help eoining right now.' . I Then, turning to the listening, carious Frank, she.add^d, earnestly. . - , ? i 'I am sure that you, Arthur— for I must c»ll you so — I am sure that you $re not afraid jof the consequences of this . Frank grasped the hand. «sh84-^toaea- cordially, as he replied, -with, entire, itVuth: ' ?' lam not afraid of anything.'* She gazed a moment admiringly at his handsome and manly, if' somewhat au dacious features; thea at Ita, as though the - sight of the comely pah? was a joy ; and, smiling through tears, she passed on. The others had been mute witnesses of this scene, which all evidently under* stood, and which made Miss 'Weld scowl. Ita seemed unable to recover her spirits for a while, but glanced sideways at Frank; aud finally gave a little hyste rical laugh, after which her vivacity re turned. The repast over, Ita took leave of her friends, and, much to Frank's regret., pre pared to depart. He was enjoying himself immensely, and had no desire for so speedy an end ing. As they stood in the hall, Ita once more enveloped in the long cloak and larsre hat, he thought it was decidedly hard to be so soon deprived of a lovely creature, whom he had called his wife for two hours. Miss Weld was morose to the last. The other girls, pleased and admiring, but awe- struck throughout. Be very, very prudent, and Heaven bless you !'said M ss Snow, in a lachry mose adieu. 1 ' Well, what is the programme now asked Frank, rather- . disconsolately, : :vrlten,s they .-.were , again, —out - in- thfli street. _ . ' ' Nothing, except that you are to go back to the church with me, aud then go your way while I go mine,' she answered gaily, walking on. He did not like the prospect at all. The end of the adventure was the only part to which he objected. 'Did I succeed to your satisfaction ' he asked. ' You couldn't have done better,' she replied. ' You were really perfect.' Something that sounded like a smo thered laugh reached his ear with the last word, and emboldened him to say : ' Then may I not claim a reward for my services^ Ita ?' She turned her head from him, saying freezingly : . 'Sir, the time in which I gave you the right to use that name has | passed.' ' | ' I beg pardon,' he humbly apolo ! gised. Without answering, she hurried along still faster. Frauk maintained a rueful silence un til they were near the old church, when he broke out desperately : 44 Please do uot be offended with me for my carelessness. The name be come so familiar ihat it slipped from my lips.' ' You are excusable, but do not forget that we are now strangers.' Sbe spoke less coldly, tut fomialiy. This time they had come around, instead of through the graveyard, and now stopped in the spot from which they hau Btarted. 4 ' At least let me express my pleasure at having been able to do you a service,' he said, determined to detain her by some means. ' You have been very, very kind, and I am greatly indebted to you,' she replied, her stiffness relaxing. 'Don't speak of that — I have been fully repaid ;.but,' he added audaciously, 'I do not like such a speedy end ing.' 'She tapped the ground with her foot, and half laughed. ' You are curiouB to know what it all means, I suppose?' she ques tioned. 44 1 am human, Mrs. St. Clair.'' This time she laughed outright. ' I wouldn't mind telling you all now — but — no, I would not dare. T' 'You have trusted me thus far — why not trust me further ?' he urged. ' I might be able to assist you still more.' ' Oh, no,' she answered, shaking her head. ' You have done all you can, and I had better tell you nothing. You understand, of course, that only a terrible emergency could have forced me to act as I did?' She looked at him appealingly, and Frank reassured her upon the point. , But he felt his head whirl. This girl, one moment so full of gaiety, and ap parently undisturbed by a single care, the next the heroiue of a terrible mystery and desperate with sore peril, was a per fect enigma to him. 'I am sure of one thing— that MisB Weld is a part of your mystery,' he said. 'You are right, she is the bottom ol it all. How did you guess ?' ' Her looks betrayed her.' ' Sure enough, she' did seem glum.' The puzzling being by his aide spoke these words in a tone of the greatest ?atiffection. and laughed again. Whatever sue was, sue was un deniably bewitching,' thought Frank, and the idea of losing her entirely was most obnoxious. ' Am I never to see you again, or know if what I have doue effects youi purpose?' \- ' I hope there is no possible chance ol our ever meeting again !' she cried, aB ii alarmed at the thought. Frank was much wounded at the reply. , After two hours' assumption of a tender relation such a quick change, 'from the ideal to the real was shilling. ? 'I am. afraid I must have made myself very disagreeable to you, since you are so glad to see the last of me.' 'Oh, no ! indeed no !'* she said, quickly and contritely. 'But under the circumstauces, don't you see, it Would be dreadfully embarrassing were we to meet. I am sure I should like you if I knew you ?—it isn't that. ' (- Yet something may come up in the future so you will need me again — some result of to-night's proceedings that you do not foresnV' h® suggested, with eagerness. ,4Let me tell you my mma and ? ' ' I had rather you would not,' she in terrupted hastily. 'But ? ' She paused irresolute, thought a mo ment, aud concluded impulsively : ' If you will come' here a year from now, at this hour, if it is possible I will meet you and explain everything.' | With these words she turned hurriedly, not waiting for . his reply, and glided away. I He started to follow, but checked him' self. '/'I will be here,' he called: after her, his eyes watching the retreating form wistfully. '? The darkness enveloped and swallowed it soon, but the -breeze brought back the words:.. . i: ' '^Gwd-night aud good-bye, Arthur. ' Nothing was left for him but to find his sketch-book and go to the hotel. A night's Bleep made, his evening's ex perience seem very dream-like; Yet the piquant face of the mysterious Ita was tou; re«lm his' remembrance -to be a' vision. The desijpp tofiud §ome key j to so. baffling salmystery made him rematn t another day inithe town, ^instead of re turning home^a he had previously, in tended,;. He lound the lane through. « which he had passed, but could not \- identify any particular house as the one to which lie liajl been taken. Nor did he,, iri his saunteriigs, catch any glimpse of Ita, br'dark Mi^s Weld, or even wizened Miss Snow'. |He- deemed it a point of ] ho'ior to make no inquirie3. and finally 1 gave up the quest, paying a farewell visit ' j to tbe old church,' and heaving a sigh of regret to the memory of what he termed his short but; happy matrimonial ex perience. i , V Shortly after? his return home, Frank went abroad with a party of young men, all, like lijui^lf, ambitious to become workers in the field of art. CHAPTER II. Fraiik, being the cnly sou of a vcaliKc father, had ample means to stuciy and gratify his taste in this direction. H- was absent ivbnut ten months, during whichhis peculiar adventure was relegated to the background of his mind, but nevei wholly forgotten. When at list, lie re turned, sun-burnt, a beard, aud au added maturity, so changed him that at liral kis father did not recognise him. Now that travel no longer occupied his thoughts, the 'fair mystery,' as he called Ita to himself, took a more vivid place.' The tinie was- drawing near wheu she had promised t- meet him again by J the.church, aud tell him all. Would she . keep Tier word ? Would he' e?er again' have the .privilege of calling her 'Ita?'' He had never told anyone cf the singular event, perhaps because lie hoped to some time have the story complete. ' One night, soon after his return, he went to a party given by some friends of Harry Meade, one of the companions of his travels. ' £o glad you have come, my boy,' said Harry, bearing down upon him directly. 'I want to introduce you to a friend of my sister's^ — she is always getting new chums, grows tired of every one in a few weeks. But this Miss Fales is more captivating than ai I the rest put together. I want to make a study of her face.' ' Where is she asked Frank, who, being a great favorite with the young ladies, had so many acquaintances that he was uot very eager for new ones. '? Just opposite — near my sister, dressed in white. Do you see lier ' The tall girl with brown hair — ' ' No, no — just behind her.' As his wandering eyes rested upon the young lady his friend indicated, Frank gave a start, and uttered an exclamation of amazement. For the bewitching face he saw, framed by fair hair, was that of the heroine of his adventure ! 'What is the matter?' questioned 'Harry, curiously. Frauk recovered himself quickly, and explained that she resembled some one he had once kuown. Then, his eyes spark ling with anticipation, he asked to be in troduced at once. As he followed Harry across the room he questioned him iu regard to her, but ; all he knew was that she had just graduated from school. His sister met her at a summer resort, where their friendship commenced. Would she recognise him, Frank won dered, remembering the change in his appearance. If she did not, he would wait, before revealing his identity, and see what discoveries he could make. He succeeded iu assuming a most sub- i limely unconscious look as he bowed be fore her. She was chatting vivaciously j with Miss Meade, and returned his greet- j ing carelessly at'lirst ; then, as she took in his features, she became more interested and' an expression of puzzled inquiry crossed her lo vely face. ' It almost seems as if I had seen you somewhere, Mr. Lorraine/' she said smilingly. . 'Indeed ! Can you remember where?' asked Frauk, with an innocent air. 'That is the perplexing part of it.'' she replied. ' 1 am quite positive we have not met, but there is a familiar look about your face some way.' ' I can account for that,' broke in Miss Meade. 'You saw his picture iu the group Harry has, taken after they came back from Europe.' f CcncluJtd Hi Our Next.) 