CARLTON ON THE UP GRADE. A MERITORIOUS WIN. Without wishing any ill-luck to Richmond I hope that Carlton's victory on Saturday may be the first of many this season. This achievement was decidedly the surprise of the day, for it was not alone that they won, but won decisively. They had the wind against them in the first quarter, yet played a most stubborn game, while with the wind they put on three goals, and kept Richmond at anchor. The Blues, form at this stage was something like the Carlton of old, and the blood must have tingled in the veins of some of the ghosts of the past-those substantial 6ft. girth ghosts- who hover round Carlton even in adversity. Early in the third quarter Richmond made a fine effort to get even, but Kelly was the only one of their forwards whom the Carlton backs could not baulk, and his shots all went astray. The fact was that Richmond, regarding the game as a com- fortable win, never quite recovered from their surprise until it was over, and could only look at each other blankly and remark, "Well ; by Jove;" Carlton, with a rally at the end of the quarter, put on another goal, and had much the best of the closing term. The game was a very good one until the last 20 minutes, when Carlton loss their heads through victory, Richmond through defeat, and all hands crowded on to the ball, and made it what boxers call "Very willing." One unexpected feature of the game was that Carlton beat Richmond at their own special phrase of football- the ruck. Wood- house has never since he joined Carlton played such sound football there as he did on Saturday. Tom Blake, the captain, was at his very heat, and Frost and Leith both pro- minent, so that although Parker and Taylor toiled as manfully as ever for Richmond they were beaten. The best of all the back men was Rolfe, of Carlton, whose flights for the ball were at times meteoric, and all his work as dashing as one could wish to see. Giles, a new player from Hawthorn shaped very well, and both Ingram and Walton did their share in defence. Sparrow, whose great per- formance against Footscray last Saturday I omitted to mention, was below his form in this game, and the burden rested mainly on the shoulders of Cornigo, Davis, and Kil- martin. The wing play was very even, and it was difficult to choose between the joint work of Hennah and Armstrong as against Catte and Heaman, but Patterson is the centre had much the best of Soderstrom, The value of an old head forward was shown when Jack Roberts, who umpired last year, fell into place there, for his experience enabled him to keep the forwards in hand while play- ing a rattling good game himself. While Leith was in that part of the field both he and Cameron shone. Kelly was miles ahead of anyone on the Richmond side, Destree, a Richmond City junior, who started there, finding his true sphere of action later on as a follower. Both the rovers Backhouse and Aitken were out of form, while Alsop also failed. The goals were got by Woodhouse (two), Cameron (two), Balharry, Breeze, and Leith for Carl- ton, and Alsop for Richmond. M'Coy um- pired the game fairly. 