f ITA'S MYSTERY. I By Ella Gheover Thayer, i . » - » CHAPTER I. ' " hurrying toward his hotel with the result Vi-v1 of tho afternoon's Bketbhiug under his nrm, stopped short in utter. amazomont at this unoxpocted and singular question. '.. Prom out tho shadow of an old, ivy- co'vered ohuroh a femalo figure stopped icto'thoifhint light of a now moon. Sho wits onvclopod from hoadto foot in a long, dark oloak, but under the largo hat ho could discern piquant, girlish features and curling masses of fair huir. ;;Ah soon as he liad sufficiently recovered from his surprise to reply, lie said, politely, — . . ".'If you will explain your moaning, I can tell bettor whether I shall be able to meotyour wishes." i- Sho moved a step nearer, as if fooling encouraged by his response. Ho noticed «u air of rcoklessnos3 about her, which had.. in it 110 boldness, howevor. "'ihopo you will not refuse," she said, politely. "If you will do what I ask, it will save me from a torrible prodica- monk" Frank was only twonty-ono, and at that ago a mysterious adventure is especi ally soduotive, partioularjy whon a young 'and protty girl is ooncorned in it. There- fore ho'bogan to feel a desiro to " bco it out." " I shall bo dolighted if I can be of any service' to you," he Baid. " What am I to do?" She hesitated amomont, thonrosponded "with a question. i-v" First allow mo to ask if I am cor- ireot-is supposing you to bo a stranger 'shore?'' .This sounded suspicious, and he re turned guardedly, — have boon hero about a wook on a . sketching trip." V-Thon you. are an artist i I thought ao'I" r. The exclamation came involuntarily from her lips,and had a girlish ring, seem ing tuoro natural than anything she had «aid. !«'. " You know me, thon ?" ho Baid, sur prised, and a little ilattered. U He thought — or was it only fancy? — (that a dooper rod dyed her cheeks as she iroplied, — i "1 havo soon you several timos, and your skotohbook gave n;e tho impression . that you woro an artist." . Tlis fantastic thought suddenly sug gested itself to Frank, at this, that per haps she wanted him to go into tho churchyard yonder, and sketch tho tomb of some dead love. 1 'Rathor chiliad by tho surmise, he said briefly,— ' li\" I am merely an amateur." Tho information aoemod'to make littlo impression, for without heeding it she asked, — " Do you leave this town soon ?" , " Lwas intending to go to-morrow." I ."Nothing-could be bettorl" sho cried, wim an-oiaciontnac no tttun't quite fancy. "Everything will be all right i' you will play a part for a few hours, aud koep my secret inviolate." . " Play a. part I" he echoed. "What part?" It soonicd an effort for her to roply, but jfiually she hurled tiie auswor at him reck lessly, j " That of my husband I" Frank staggered backward, and his handsome brown eyes almost started from their sockets at these astounding words. < This vros something quite different from his tombstone theory, but deo'dedly more appalling. Ho could not sponk. The unknown young girl, as though rolioyed that her extraordinary pro position was fairly iiuido, continued vo lubly, — "I cannot explain why I make so strange a request, or ovon why I ask suoli 1 tiling of au utter stranger. Tuat is all 1 pnrt of a terrible mystery. But it cer tainly can do you no liarni, aud will save mo," The bewildered ynung' man took off his hat as it to cool his distracted bead. Sho watolied him with great t mxiety. , "Where— and when— do you wish me j to porsonate— the character? heiuquirod. ! at length. "I want you to go with mo to tho house of a friend, wlinro you will see only a few people— all strangero to you — ap pearing as if the ceremony had just taken plaoo here in the church j rcmaiu there an hour or two, thon oomo back to thi spot with mo, and leaving mo go your way and forget all about the whole affair." ; Site detailed tho plan with groqt eager ness, \ I Frank, as he listened, recovered from bis stunned condition, and oonfessad to himself that site was asking nothing un pleasant, certainly, however amazing. /Wan sho old and ugly it would bs diffo- as n whs, no aioui't seowiiyhesnouia not consent. But his curiosity wa3 groatly ; piqued. / ."Oan I .not- know what this dreadful mystery is?" lie asked. "Impossible!" Bhe cried. "That must remain my secret, and you must swear never to rovcal even the little you know. Frank hesitated only a moment longer. "Very well," he assented, thon. "I plaoo myself at your disposal." "All I thank you, sir, so much!" she exclaimed, in accents of joy and relief. " It will all bo over very soon, and I hope you will excuse tho great liberty I have taken in asking this assistance from a stronger. Bolievo me, there was nothing also to be dons," \- "I am glad you did not hesitate to ask mo. Of course you will not wonder at my . natural surpriseand hesitation," ho replied courteously, ' "As for that, I expected you to be thoroughly : dbrafounded. I wua only ifrnid;of 'yourrefusal. Ido not know what I should have done '.had'.; you not allowed yourself to bo persuaded." , - She ruado a motion for him to follow as 4, .alio spoke, and started in the direction of ,:tlio graveyard. ' ' < Frank queriod inwardly whether the friends of whom she spoke where ghosts ' 'Tto bo-evoked from the quiet resting-places '' within. .. , . . . 11 1 suppose," he said, glanoing wist- :l- v 1 'sully toward the distant hotol, "I sup- .1 ilposo I. couldn't go and get my supper . first?" : "No, indeed! was the quick an- i ' »Wflr- "But never mind Jhat, _ You win nnd a feast awaiting us "where wo aro going." This looked more promisiug,ko thought, and started on after her towavd tho ceme tery. As he passed throttgh tho gate slio glanced bnolc, and her oyes fell upon tho skotch book. "You must not tako that I" she said. "It won't look- liko a wedding, you know. Here— lot mo hide it behind 0110 of these graves. It will be quite safe." Frank suffered her to carry out this suggestion, wondering at tho samo time if ho had a bridal air about him generally that she should havo seleotod him for tho puzzling rolo. Ho observed that the strained-up fever ish manner sho bad showed at first had gone, and in its place was one triumphant, almost gay. Silently they wont through the " city of tho dead, "coming out onauother street, which almost immediately sho left for a narrow, dark lano." " It is not to bo a feast of goblins, ovidently," thought Frank. "It bo- gins to ionic more like an attempted robbery. This lane is just the place for that." IIo was by no moans alarmed, howevor, aud began to feel considerable interest in his struugo ndventuro. Whon they came near the end of tho lane, his guide, who was in advanca a fow stops, enmo baok to his sido, saying in a low tono : "After we arrive, follow my load in everything, please, and do not seem sur prised at whatever happens. Above all tliing8,be sure and not betray how recently wo havo met. Your namo, remember, is Arthur St. Olair." " Romantic, certainly," ho muttered. "I'll bo caroful,'' he added. "Nevor fear ! Bub your same? I must know that, of course. Sho laughed— a tinkling, musical laugh, that sounded singularly fascinating to his cars. " I am Mrs. St. Olair," sho said, witli light mockery. "You may call mo Ita when necessary." Frank resolved to take full advantago of this permission if she proved in tho light, should thcro bo any, ns pretty as sho soomod in the dark. Beaching tho end of the lane, sho took him a few rods up a road whero tho houses wore fow, turned to the right, went across somebody's back yard, and brought him up in front of a protty cottage which was brilliantly illuminated. There with a whisporod injunction to "bo cautiouB," she pulled the bell, and almost instantly tho door was opened. In the flood of light that streamed forth Frank saw a little dricd-up, elderly lady, and, just behind her, a plain but bright looking young girl. Both had an air of great eagerness, and the former took Ilia guide into hor arms, while tho latter asked breath- lesaly, ... "Is it done?" " -'"V ' " All is well, Bortio," roplicd the mys- teriouB girl who had brought Frank. Tli en, turning to him, sho bade him ontor. "This is Mr. St. Olair," sho said. "Arthur, you have hoard mo speak so much of Miss Snow, and my dear friend, Bertio Snow, that you hardly need an in troduction." " Yob it is a great pleasure to moot thorn faoo to faoo," said Frank, with the utmost gravity, as he bowed low. Miss Snow, the eld«r, seizod his hand in both hers. "Pormit me to bo tho first to con gratulate you," sho said, tremulously. "Ita is a Dvavo gin. wnat nits noon dono is right. I foci sure it is." As Frank had not the remotest idea of what had been dono, ho only replied by a few non-oommittal words of thanks, and glancod towards Ita. Bertie Snow liad taken off hor long oloak and hat, and she stood beforo him in a dross of electrio blue, hor luxuriant light iiair framing an aroli, fascinating fuco, which had no traoe in it of the terrible mystery at which she had. hinted. Hor eyes foil beforo his eager, in quisitive look, thon raisod themselves with a half deprecating, half sauoy, wholly unnccountablo expression. "If you will gi vu in 0 your arm, Arthur, wo will go into tho parlor." Frank hastened to obey, beginning to like the sound of his new name. As he felt the touch of tlio tiny white hand on his arm, it occurred to him that his part was an uncommonly agreeable one to play, and that he could enter into the spirit of it readily. They ontored tho parlor, Miss Snowand Bortio following. The occupants of tho room woro four young girls, one tall, dark and queen-like, the othors commonplace. Four pairs of eyes immediately transfixed him with curious, insorutablo undisguised stares. Ita at once introduced him. Tho hand some girl provod to be a Miss Weld, and turned her dark eyes from him to Ita with a joalous, anvioas expression in them whioh seemed in keeping with the dark mystery involving him. After congratulations, which he bore witli a good grace, they all proceoded to the dining-room, whero was the sumptuous repast Ita hnd promised him. No serv ants were visible, but the olderly Miss Snow Bwrvafl erorythinz horself. Ita led the oonvoiwation, and was very gay und brilliant. Was it real, or was she, too, playing a part? Frank wonderod. He noticed that she ehose topics that woro very gcnoral and safe. The dark Miss Wold was the only one who appeared in tho loast gloomy, Nothing gave hiiu a clue to tho reason of his being there, but,; not allowing that to disturb him, he abandoned himself to the enjoyment of the occasion, and was so very tendor in his maimer to Ita that more than onoo he -brought a blush to her oheeks. -Nothing could exoeed the naturalness with which he spoko of hor as " my wife." TJ10 elderly Miss Snow, who seemed to be the mtasidini? eronius of the affair, was all the time in a state of palpable omotion, whioh sometimes ohokod hor utterances, and overflowed in stray tours. Her foot ings were so heartfoltand genuine that Frank, while being wholly unable to ox- plain their origin, was drawn toward her in spirit on account of them. Once, as she brought sonic peaohes to Ita,' she bent over, and, laying her dis engaged hand on the fair head, said tre mulously : j "I nm so thankful, dear child, that they oan never foroe you to do that dread ful wrong now. At this the brightness in the girl s face . suddenly clouded with something that resomblod shame, arid her oyea foil, " Don't take it so muoh to heart, dour Miss Snow," she murmured. " What ever happens, J shall never forget your goodnoss." I "Thorellhave made you remember I all that trouble, and I ought- not, to night," said Miss Snow, romorsofiilly. "But do not worry, deary j it ean't help coming right now." Then, turning to the listening, curious Frank, she added, earnestly. "I. sin .sure' that you, Arthur — for I must call you so— I am euro that you are not afraid of the,eonsequonces of this Frank grasped the hand she' extended cordially, as lie replied, - with entire truth : / " I am not afraid of anything."' Slio gazed a moment admiringly at his handsome and manly, if soinewhat au dacious foatiires, then at Ita, as though the sight of tho comely pair 'Was a joy j and, smiling through tears, ; sho passed on. The others hnd boon mute witnesses ol this aoene, which all evidently under stand, and whioh made Miss Weld scowl. Ita soomcd unablo to rooover hor spirits for a whilo, but glanced sideways nt Frank, and finally gave a littlo hyste rical laugh, after which her vivacity re turned. Tho repast over, Ita tonic leavo of hor friends, and, muoh to Frank's regrot, pre pared to depart. Ho was onjoying himsolf immensely, and lind no desire for so speedy an ona- ing. . As thoy stood in . tho lmll, Ita once more enveloped in the long oloak and large hat, he thought it was docidodly hard to be so soon doprivsd of a lovely croature, whom he hud callod his wife for two hours. | Mis3 Weld was morose, to tholast. The other, girls, pleased and admiring, but awe-struck throughout. " Be very, very prudent, and Iloavon bless you 1' saidM-as Snow, in a lachry mose adieu, " Well, what is tho programme now ?" asked Frnn.k, rathur disconsolately, when thoy were - again, out in the street. " Nothing, oxoopt that you aro to go back to the churoh with mo, and then go your way wliile I go mine," she answered gaily, walking on. He did nob liko the prospcob at all. The end of the adrenturo was the only part to whioh he objected. "Did I succeed to your satisfaction" ho asked. " You couldn't have done hotter, " sho replied. " You wero really porfeot." Something that sounded like a smo thered laugh reached his oar with the last word, and cmboldoncd him to say : " Thon may I not claim a reward for my sorvicoB, Ita ?" Slio turned hor head from him, saying froezingly : "Sir, tho time in which I gavo you tho right to use that name lias passed." "I beg pardon," ho humbly apolo gised. Without answering, sho hurried along still fastor. Frank maintained a rueful silcnco un til tlioy were near the old church, when ho broke out desperately : " Please do not bo offendod with mo for my oarelossnoss. Tho namo bo- come so familiar that it slipped from my lips." " You aro excusablo, but do not forget that wo are now strangers." She spoke less coldly, but formally. ThiB time thoy had corns around, instoud of through tho graveyard, "and now stoppod in the spot from which thoy had started. " At least lot me express my pleasuro at having been able to do you a service," ho said, determined to detain hor by some means. " You have been vory, very kind, and I am greatly indebted to you," she roplied, her stiffness relaxing. ' ' Don't speak of that — I have been fully repaid ; but," I10 added audaoiously, "I do not like such a speedy end- ing. She tapped tho ground with hor foot, and half laughod. "You are curious to know what it alt means, I suppose ?" she ques tioned. " I am human, Mrs. St. Olair." This time sho laughed outright. "I wouldn't mind telling you all uow — but— no, I would not dare." "You have trusted mo thus far — why not trust mo further ?" ho urged. " Ii might be able to assist you still inoro." - " Oh, no," she answered, shaking hor head. " You have done all you can, and" I had hotter tell you nothing. You imuerbluiid, of course, that only a torriblo emergency could have forced me to act as I did?" She looked at him appoalingly, and Frank reassurod her upou the point. But he felt his head whirl. This girl, one moment so full of gaiety, and ap parently undisturbed by a single care, the next the heroine of a terrible myatery and desperate with sore peril, was a per fect enigma to him. " I am sure of one thing— that Miss Wold is a part of your myatery," he said. , . "You are right, she is the bpltqm ot it all. How did you guess ?" " Her looks betrayed hor. "Sure enough, ahe did seem glum.",v'f Tho puzzling being by liis aide spokt these words in a tone of the greatest; utisfwtion. and laughed again. Whatever she was, she was un. deniably bewitching," thought ; Frank, and the idea of losing hor entirely was most obnoxious. "Am I, never to see you again, ox know if what I havo done effects youi purpose?" 1 "I hope thero is no possible ohanoe ai our ever meeting again 1" she oried, as il alarmed at the thought, Frank was muoh wounded at the reply. After two hours' assumption of a tendoi relation such a quiok change from the ideal. to the real was chilling. " I nm afraid I must have made myself very disagreeable to you, since you are so/ glnd to see the last of me," ''Oh, no I indeod no!" she said, quiokly and oontritcly. " But under the circumstances, don't you seo, it would be dreadfully embarrassing were wo to moot. 1 am auro I should like you if I knew you — it isn't tjiat." " Yet something may come up in tho future so yon will need me again— soma result of to-night's prooocdini's that yon do not fornw," he suggested, with eagerness. ( "Let me. toll you my name " I had rathor you would not," (he in terrupted' hastily. "But—" Site paused irresolute, thought a mo ment, and concluded impuloivoiy : "If you will ooino here a year from now, ' at this hour; if it is possible I' will meet you and explain everything," With these words she turned hurriedly, not waiting for his reply, and glided away. He started to follow, but ohecked him self, 'f I will be here," he oajied eftqr her, his eyes watching thq retreating form wistfully, . Tho darkness envoloped and swallowed 1 it soon, bub the breeza brought back the words : " Good-night and good-bye, Arthur." Nothing was left for him but to find his eketoh-book and go to the hotel. A night's sleep made liis evening's ex perience seem very dream-like. Yet the piquant face of tno mysterious Ita was too real in Mb remombronoe to be ' n Tho Styojjg to so bnfBlngA mystory mado.him romafri another dny in tho town, instead of re turning home ai he had previously in- tendod. He found the lane through which he had paasod, but could not identify any particular' house as the one to whioh ho had boon taken. Nor did lio, in his sauntorings, catch ilny glimpse of > Ita, or dark MiBs Weld, or oven wizened Miss" Snow. He doomed it a point of honor to make no inquiries, and finally gavo up tlio quest, paying a farewell visit to tho old oliuroli, una heaving a sigh of ' regrot to the niomory of what ho termed his oliort but happy matrimonial ex- porionco, Shortly after his return homo, Frank wout abroad with a party of young men, all, liko hiinsolf, ambitious to become workers in tlio field of art. dUPTRU II. Frank, boing tho enly son of a wosUty father, hud umplo means to study and gratify liis taste iu this direction. Ho was absent about: ten months, during1 whiohhis poouliar adventure was rologated to the background of hib tnind, but never wholly forgotten. When at last lio re turned. sun-burnt, a board, and an added' maturity, so changed him that at first liisi- father did not recognise him. ! . Now that trawl no longor occupied his thoughts, the " fair mystery," as ho called ita to himsolf, took a more vivid plaoo. Tho time was drawing near whon . she lind promised bo meet him again by, tho church, and toll him all. Would olio keop hor word ? Would ho ever again havo the privilege of calling hor "Ita?" Ho liRd never told anyone of tho singular ' ovont, perhaps becauso ho hoped to somo time have tlio story comploto. " One night, soon after liis return, ho went to a party givon by somo frionds of Harry Meade, one of tho companions of his travels. " So glad you havo come, my boy," said Harry, bearing down upon him directly. "I want to introduoe you to a friend of my sister's— sho is always getting new oliums, grows tired of a very ono in a fow weeks. But this Miss Fulcs is mord' captivating than all tho rest put togothor. I want to malco 11 study of her face." " Whero is sho V" askod Frank, who, boing a groat favorite with the young ladies, had so many acquaintances that lie 1 was not very oagor for new ones. ' | " J ust opposito — near my siBter, dressed in whito. Do yon soo her ?" | " Tlio tall girl with brown liqir— " i ! 1 " No, no— just behind her." As his wandering oyes rested upon the young lady his frioud indicated, Frank gavo a start, and uttered nn exclamation of amazement. For tho bewitching face ho saw, framod by fair hair, was that of the heroino of liia adventure I "What is- the matter?" quostionod Harry, curiously. Frank rcoovered himsolf quickly, aud explained that silo resembled some ono he lind once known. Tiicn, his oyes spark ling with anticipation, lie asked to be in troduced at onoo. ; As lie followed Harry across the rooni lie questioned him iu regard to her, but all ho knew was that she Had just graduated from school. His oi»i.or niqt her nt a summer resort, where their friendship commoncod. Would sho rocognise him, Frank won dered, remembering tho cliango in his appearance. If she did not, lie would wait, before revealing his identity, aud see what discovorios ho could make. ,r< He sueceeded in assuming a most suM. timely unconscious look as he bowed be fore lior. She was ohattinc vivnoioiiBlv with Miss Meade, and roturned his greet ing carelessly at first ; then, ns sho took in his featuros,Bhe became rnoro interested and an expression of puzziud inquiry orossod her lovoly face. " It almost soenis as if 1 had scon you somcwhorc, Mr. Lorraino," she said smilingly. "ludoed 1 Oan you romembor whore?" asked Frank, with nil innocent air. "That is tho perplexing part of it." she replied. " I am quito positive wo havo nob met, but thcro is a familiar look abouD your faoo some way." " I can account for that," broke in Miss Meade. "You saw Mb picture in tho. group Harry bus, taken after they eatne back from Europe." , . < Condudtd in Our Next.) 't'r.K-' j.' | 