S _OR SSTORY. £IhANSFORhifD. . ,, I 1.,l)A ? . CEl V n o o I.e. I Then you ate slot lauqqijinted wile Ueilna laid Dexter, disappointed. -l Ashindoepaecd itever is fmoe., " Nio, am not aeq4iailiitid. with Orlia Ad dington. "I have not seen her einues ie was a oliild," replied Il, in a-loaw tone, "IBliyou saw her then I" cried Dexter, with joy at this Ilow bond between thoem. " You will be intereated to know how lovely ael is now, and will luetm talk to you about her, will you not? She will eeln nearer to me, and not ao utterly loot, it I may." " Ye, yes I" said Lir. Blliiani, eagerly. "Tell mu all you know of her I" Theni he looked snarchingly at hinm, and uddenly helhl out his hand, and sanlid earnaetly, "You love her. I will do all in my power to help you unravel the mystery that separteyoyu. Dexter pressed bis hallnd warmly, and found, some way, a little comfort in the words. At Mr. Elilnon did not explainlurlher In regard to his acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to qluestion him. But alterthie the talk between them was always of Colin. Tilk elder lman seemed never weary ot liatoenio;, any moro than the vml'ere?-nnt.talspRo. But neither could kfind a lue to Ihe oltma l her aiango cie clion, . "I do notabeliov ti lenon in a real one, though sho, poor child, bltoves it to be," lMr. Ellison said mlny tines. '" It is Pono thing hle lhei mado her think-though what or why-" And hero he would fall into a reoverie, and a dark frown would como over hie face. Hai adviead Dexter, however, to aneertlin hlr. Addinglon's whereabouts, it possible; and, although the young man aouldl eea no good which would result it he learned theml, sineu Colin had declared her resolve unnltorlble, he finally wrote to his father, requesating hin, to find out where the Addingtons had gone if he could, or any guide to their present abode. Ilaviug desdpatchid this letter, he grew so im. patient for a reply that he could hardly wait the nleeeoary interval. As little iope as there scamed in any event lihe fact of knowing just where Celia was would bring her a trillo nearer to hiin, since it was better than nothing to be certnin of liher whlerabouts. Hle wan doomed to diap. pointment, however. Iis flather replied promnptly, and elated that hoi had found and q icstined AMr. Addilgtoin's lawyer, but that ho u alld h:was unacquailnted with his former eliont's prceunt place: of resideneo; that he had at first 10oo to New York, but liad after. ward moved from that city, saice when all business relations had coased between them. Mr. lIattwiuk added to his own opinion that the lawyor's manner was evasive, and, that it wea evident Mr. Addington, for soaei rea son, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. Dexter took this letter rattier gloomily to his friend. "Ao I thought," the latter remarked, when he had read it. "Jerome Addington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following him, ahoutld you wiehi to do ao. IIo is determained to keep you and Celia apart, Blt do not be discouragod, luy dear boy. VWe will find him outel yet." SBut how 1" asked Dexter. Mr. Ellisun reflected. "I think I will write to thin lawyer," he re plied, at length. "It is probable Mr. Ad. dington's instructlons related particularly to those who might have any anncctlion with you. II I, a strauger from a distant city, write to him, I may obtain somuo informa. tlon.' Si?nd if you do aoaertain where sIhe is, wl,'stthenl" asked I)extnrI witaluilly. : . hlliehu laid Ji ; 1ma uhi.o' lluuiller a %(a responded kLindly:-- ' s rc will be gelidod by eiroumslaucee. I hale a plan which I will discloso when the proper time shall coole. Until we have tried do not despair." Hiia assured manner made Dexter feel a hitllu hopeful. " Iow can I over repay you if you sllould be tho me ua of giving my darling back to met" he cried with an outburst of feel. lug. Air. Ellieon replied unly by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way teemed to add to hlil confJence in his new friend's power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a pot-eollico box, and was about to croan the street, when his heart suddenly stood still, than beat again in heavy tiuumps. knor, walting slowly along on the opposite eide of the street, lie saw lir. Ad. dington and Celia I Neither observed him, and Dexter gazed again on that dear face from which the former warm color had gone, and could EaC how melancholy lhad changed plaaes with the old misohievouenoee in her dark eyes. A horon's head in cloeo proximity to his own roused him to a eanrc of his anvlirn. nmonte, and, stopping not to lear the cILee of the driver, Dexter rushed naross the ntloet, and followed oni alter Celia and Air. Adding. ton, keeping, however, at a sate and cautious distance. Ili helart bled at the ravages the pat few nienthe had inado upon her he uved so well, and naotwitlltannding the air of devotion whileh was apparent in tlr. Ad. dilgton, Dexter felt ihatred toward hini au the causeo. But he was esurlrised at catching a look of questioning fear upon CIlla'e face once wila i she turned it toward Mr. Addlington, lie had never before oenl anything but cenfi. dueoo anid afectinn in her regard. What could It meanl Vaon it a sequnooC of the nlystery 1 lie followed them until they turned into a side shteet, thln stood at the eorner long enough to mark the house at wlllhich thiey entered ; after which he hurried back to Mr. EIllIeon's place of business, and hurriedly ani somewhat laohourcally informed him o1 what had bappoened. Mr. Ellison's exeltement was na groat no flae own, but he oilhued himsell with aii ellort, L . "lFortune ha faaored you, my boy," hio sa;d, with a tliend r llgegriag.upon the last twio words, " Now ill you trust mne and take my adviael" s Yes," wea Dexter a eager roply. " Then go-thll sooner the better-and do. mand of Mr. Addington, nu your rilllh, a reason for Coella' abrupt diemsasalof the man whom hlle promleedl to marry. " I will," said D)xter, firmly. i, Good, I will go with you." " You I" murprised. I Yesn, I think I may have some Influenceo wlth1 Jerome Addllgton." Dexter felt a streangth at thin onlurannoo which ine had not beloro, iltlliliough lie under. stood so little what hie lmlant, That alternoon they btllh etoid together at theim door of the liroanet hIomo of Oelli. An elderly woinail nilsweril their ring, wlhoo filn iluleaed slseplelon ald Ill temBlper, hino ihad been aeulled to take ol ed hlMiargiret' Ilae lor tliean vrly uhaiiralealrtuae, Ikpnioll hy thoughlt I)xlter, Hlu ,eyced lienii liinl y as sile tiahforiue tliiali thIt lMr. Adlllngtuli wis lult, ' We will In ii andil walt unltii ho rehirle,'' saLl )exnler, quietly, lind lualhirl his way iby lice throiidh tkie hull vil ilnee dor, te. llhln,,in followed, and they botl aslpliold ito the parlnr. ' WVell," snarlod the wolman, nllteriilg alter ltholril 'irhaipi '11 hiolt r inde ill ll i u lipoe. manl, Yoll tale intio t i i iiOe livlre ilce thieves than hlniinot 'nI'n. I tell yoiu ly nienter Is uIt Siid l dnn't kiolw whien lie will be in." " Yell a watelch ls, If yell ire afraho l l oUr atniallli enythilgK," 'II'be 'hIetor. " Illt wt Iitulend lto wasll hereo until MI , AthlinLgton relUrmis," i W hat's iolur k'n ln wliei, ,i l Iiv !m'nllillilil. "ilOir hIiliia es li wihll Mr,. Ahllllnlltonl'l said Mr. lllhlinll, eunmlily. 'iL li W ill tl d.it l att (lilln, litliltarhl I e nlllithhll n t[I henll 11InI id o t inI kitl tllllln. Tihl twm IlleU ohlli h hl a Inlis l, hut limilli r alilke, t)nter lellmll nlalcit lllil Ililn, aeiid Mr, EIllionu alter wailkii llll about lotvoully, .0'cotad himeeal in a low cnasc In u uusu.. where he happened to stop. HI hod hardly done so when Mr. Addington stopped in at the door and;etopped on the threshold, bis ilan palin' s his b'eyes fell on Dexter. Thu biach of a large armichair sorcned Mr. Elli. aBun fromn lid view. It Is you, then, is it l" slid Mr. Adding. ton), na soon nuo he could recover himself enough to opeak. Then he carefully clonad the door, and, standing before it h iflded armn, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised hate, as he went on: "You have comeo to pcraiouta my nirco, I suppcue. It is manly to follow ndl nnooy a helpless girl I lut you will find it il I with whom you will havo to deal, not her." " I have not come with thi purpose of per settling any one," returned Dextcr, steadily, and not slrinking under the gazo of the other. "It was nccident alono which brought to my knowolidg the ilot of your preosnce in this oity. Hut I am not nsotiled to he did missed al I have bheoo without the leant ex planation. I know Clia loved meeven when heo sent inn away. lor her ekeo-to opare her pain-I went. But of you I demand the reason which ocalmed her to do an she did. 1 amt not willing to eubmit without knowing all, bicauuo the happiness of my life il in. volend." Mr. Addington rrgrirded him intently with. onl answerhinu, and appeared to be dcbuting within himself. Finanlly lie aeod, -' Will you lie satislid and leave us alono if I Rivo you a'luli .exlariniiui. 1)" "Il tho facto justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently upon. " Do not come in," ho cried abruptly, but too late. Colia had eren Dcxtor, and leaned againut the door pale and trembling. There was anguish andl repronah in the cyes ho allowed to rest oil tho4o of her lover. lie, no less moved, had diinllulty in rotraining himself roin going to lier and clasping lier in hil arms. Mr. Addinoton stood irresolute, gnaw. ing his fingers. No one noticed Ellison, who still remained eonoealed behind the obair in his accidental asclurion. Coia was the first to break the silence. "It was cruel to us both to come, Dexter," said she, piteously. " I told you there wau no hopo. Ah I why will'you make it eo hard so hard I llor voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said steruly, " You see, young man, the misery your pro. aence causes. Tlhat this secno imay not be repeatcd, I will nccedo to your ilemand. COlia, dear;, ho camo to insist upon knowing everything, and I now think it beet that he should." His tone changed to gentleneas n hoe ad. dreased her. ideoavoriug to suppress her sobs. she replied,- "You wished the secret kept, and so, too did I. But I--I tlinke h has a right to know." At this lMr. Addington turned again to Dex. ter. " It is a painful disolosure," lie commenced with a hardli, grating sound in Ilia lona; "I yield to its being drewn tfrun me that sho need be no longer troubled by your eolicitn tiony. To be brief, my brother'd wife, Calic's mother, died n victimu to Ilredliary insanity, whieh for lcenerationn lud never failed in its prey. In a oalid intjrv.,l Ibluor her death she mado mei promise lthat ler ldaghter should nevor marry, but that the curse might end with her. You know now why I tried to guard her by strict seclusion from the piolbiility of a love affair." Dexter stood mute with horror. le aaw that Celia wanright; Ihattha harrier between them wa indeed inlp.asable; but vwore even than that was the thought ofl uch a fate hanging like ri uipuided sword ahovo the head ot lthu wuanit. lie loved. Ili forgot if. Elliabu;in'tli' dvi o"?nluBT'e icrt ni-ei'iiir loss hond of destiny. " You understand now, Dexter, how wrong we were to love," said the plailntiv voice ot Celia. Her face was hidden in her bnndlcr. chief. A stillness followed the words. " Why have you told her this story, Jerome Addington I It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence, and Celia looked up it artled to see a gray head rising behind the large armi.hair. tiha gave n cry of eurprioc and fright, but surely eshe had no reason to fear the look she tril, which was kind almost to tenderness, and protectling. Dexter, recalkd to a inowledga ot Mr. Ellieon'e proeience, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not during to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the Tlect of tbis sudden up. parition of al unsuspected fourth inl tile in terview was strangely nmrked. lIe started back, and th, ad' as his eyes eoarched the laco, recognition cniie into his own, and he stared at him appalled, as it he had seen a ghost. "I ase you remember me, although it is many years since we have met, and I have chianged much alines then," said Mr. Ellison, iquietly. " I had not intendud to play teio lisltner here, but, oa it so happened I took advantago of the lireuuiutaues3. IHad yio faithfully discelarged your tluat, you would havo had no reason to lear mu aas you do now." Mr. Addington had lost every partialo of rellfpouseasion. Ilo cast a leiflul glauce around, anid hias eye wuue full of anguish as they roeted on the waondriiing Colia. " I thiiight you were deai hllo1i ago. Acnoe Ellison," he Htaumered. . " Wily lhavu you satmeI to iuterfero nowvt ltitmrnbur your promi?r." " When her happiniosa in at talle, that pro. mieno is nothing,' was the decidd reply ; and Mr. Ellison cat trni stoiod i li tie contre of the room. " Was net tile annrilleo all for lier welfare?" ie continued. " You lave made it necsoBary that lshe hlould know the truth now. Why yini have done an you have, I do not know, unleci it is for soaue realuu ao monstrous that I uhrink from bIlieving it."' Mr. Addingtou's head dropped, ind the Ipr. Ppiration utarted out ol lnl tIemIulde. Mlr. Ellison turned from him to Colia, and con tlluiid ie a dilldr.lunt tlonv,- " JMly oildl, willvyoll try allid tliink an kindly as poohible if the ryvelliti tl) I have to ilkao to youl Ioe prepared iur a great eurprios. I miist fIrst say a few woreds about alpel[f. I have all mny life berin an1 iunifirttuatou mnIa. I grew discouraged luinlly, a.d lteIr ny dear wile died, rather than .ilow ily chili nt be involved ill tlhe faIn whicih ieineld in uoe, I igave iIer to anotullr-n riihll mnu who euVild sourOU lier froml the life otlHilorlo wouild livou had witlh lle, andl give her the advantlag I know well I inyetll never clunll obtain fr her. My own feeliIng I plt aitdo for lier clakl, suil bore patiently the eorrow of llet loo. Cella, yon are Ltaet uhild, and I am your t ilier." 0liat oclt a bewildered glance around, ond then sonluthig il her heart respounded to tlhe appeal iln llr, Jllisou'a eyes, aud uhu woent to " 1 rn ylail yenl have coiuO to mo, my tallir," hue Hlid geriitly. Mr. liolleoi'e faao wa? Lransligured a hle lint hi in arms olled lhr. iRomlletlilneg ol the look was rellectedl In Dsler'ee, who now seonseold to ee n a loriue gltearni of light broekhlithriniuhl thie louildP. All the truth dawleod UPllen IliU, It it hlad nlot yetl poue Colli. I" du iit quitU imo how IIt nil I, she eslit, alter Ia lUlmOunlt otf llonc. " Yul i.ru iUy fnItheLr-llenI you tIUHt boe y ui;leln'i liro. ther 1" I'lu looked hIiqulrliigly at Mr, Addillngtou, but lie did Inot slenk or inlton upi. "i L ynii undferiilili ileur ' saild Mfr. Ellion. ", M, Addlnel.tn Is---' "HI, ip I" u ilniimelnld Mr. Adilllngltn. 'li'u pupile o l ils eyus dllsted Ho tiat tliu wliole ey oilirneud bl hlol. " Int ,nie b)i IIIh in, to, tell l'r. That rghllt I will Ihav, (dl, li I vo 1 enver bien eanilltin hioil llid ti you' I" iutlnthl, thaI girl, I Tutii folr the yhl o the llni illfeotillt Whlihll try iwl lirglue h11 Wtol;: I I haitv iiliiii yill - ete, for I iiive v 1, yll WIII lvi Ioltt ll UClla, Mlltnly ylare aIgo, wihen I w1 Wim lUi. iplrlllitlv It youun Intiu I wn dlr dr ulelvid all btlraied by tile womsanl luoved, Tullr ouiid 1e to ohte ana eosplen t0o Whole sex. let 1 needed nffeotion, and I took a fancy to take somoe hild and bring her up to be true and sinoere, as I believed other women were not. Chance thraw too in the way of your father, Celia, a struggling, half frantic man, and you boaament mine. "As years went on, you grow dearer and dearer to me, as a child of my own might have been. My love wan purn and honest then. ]But when you asma back from school, and I saw you in the beauty of your woman. hood, and knew you to be all I Ihad hoped, omy ideal woman, then, Celia, I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved you with a different love." At these words Celia shrank back elose to liher father, andl covered htier face with toer hands. She comprehended now the looks of Iti which of lteo had surprised and frightened her, and in her outraged feeliongs forgot for the moment the shadow which his revelation had roemoved. " I loved you, Celia, with the passionate love of n man who might havo had the right had not )ou believed him to be your uncle," went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dexter with horror. " In ooy jealousy, I kept you eeolud d, as I thought, from tihe chance of any lover, anod I was already planning to win you to regard ona in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter riblue momoent that my preooutiono had been in vain, and you loved. In my agony I re. oolved to separoet you from him at all hao. .nrds, and I did. I moant, when your Iar.uy for him had gone, as I hoped It would in timo, to tell you the trtlh-- loat my brother's wife died ineanoe, but was not your mother, and t1lat i loved you." Invoolntarily, CClia raioed her eyes, shin iog with the gloidneec of the few words which lad momentarily blotted out all the others, to those of her lover, that responded with the same joy. Then she remembered Mr. Ad. dington. A shadow croesed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, thon she said, fal. toringly, " Uncle-let me call you uncle still, for 1 can never think of you otherwise-for the sake of all that hase been, I forgive you the suffering that you have caused, aod-and pity you." "ly punishment is severe," toe returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance of those words will comfort me, but now I can only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enouuh for a thousand heavier nine than mine. Try and think of me as I was. I leave you to'thoes who have the right I have fatfdited." Giving her a last look so full of wretched. neo siho never forgot it, he turned and wont out of tile room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes asn she gazed after him. "I have no uncle now," she murmured nodly. Then sho throw her arms around fir. Elliou'so neck. "But I have found a father I" " And I-am I nothing T" asked Dexter. " You are iny son now," said Mr. Edison, and placed Calia's hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her face flushed an it had not for many a day, as Dex ter took her from her father's arms and draw iter to hloi heart. The clouds which hung over themr passed away, and the bright nun was shining. (Concluded.) Saovral deaf persons in a Massachusetts rural community are circulating a petition praying the Legielasure to give them a hear. oing. Parcon--" Where's your pa, Jobnny I" Juhllo0Y-" Well, I niu't aoin' to lie about it. llu'a been o exerimcotln' with one of "ttoen?-ycr e nrchlmho~teflings-likn-thn mano dropped ll 'n the balloon with the other doay: and last time lie tried usin' ma's um. brel' andt come down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go an' see if he's got hold of the hanlle. Goeloug mmnnnm-" You can't toast that cheese, I)Do, it's too old." LITTI, I DOT-" W\Vell, it don't know much if t is old." " D)o't know much 1" - " No; jest' as soon as it begins to feel the ire it jumps right into it." "Yes," said a convalescent and classic patient, "even the treeks suflered with the ill-f- ,l." " Possibly," remarked the doctor, " asyour complaint was rather odd.I.see." Nothing will pot mnrder into a man's heart qulickr than to unsuccessfully try to ojen a refaetory cear-window for a pretty girl, anod have a man about two sires bigger than lhe is, step neaross and open it almost without not effort. If yon mustdo as the Romans do when you are ill Rome, you ehould do as the Mil. linen do when you are in Milan. "My dear," alid a husband, gently rous. Ine his wife-the lady was dangerously ill " Mrs. Dollobson callle a little while agoand loft lier love ando sympathy for you. She oeemfd deeply ofleelted. " John," saio tihe sick lady In a very weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed her eyes. " what did she have on ?" "Pa' a, what do.es o pluribus unum menu ?' " ILt leans' one of ninny,' my son." 00" Well, tpp, s you bare manny children, nln't I an Ii nloriblhs unap I" MAothor-:" Who has been drinking the miolk ? Tell the troth now I" Jo01e-" It was me. I wanted to see if it was sottr." MorTe Eo--" Well, what If it wm::" JOuIN-"- Why 1 wouldn't have drank It, then," 