TUE OPERA HOUSE. A crowded house greeted the artistes at the Opera House when the curtain rose on Saturday evening. The panto- mime, " Cinderella," Interspersed with new song's ami' new Jokos ol' perennial Interest to both' old and young. Youth looks with wonderment upon the crystal slippers, scintillating like diamonds, and old age secretly thinks if It but had them on It would be old no longer. Then the magic coach, with its wheels of re- volving light, Its gay caparisons. Its tiny steeds nncl gorgeous footmen. The bal- lets, designed with great aesthetic taste, elicited the hearty applause of the audience. The Apple Blossom ballet, with Its white robed figures posturing gracefully under the exquisitely blended tints ol' changing light, was a splendid effort, bul It paled before the All Nations ballot, which was great alike in its con- ception and execution. The organised armaments of Germany, the marshalled forces of France, the puissance of the great Anglo-Indian Empire, and the nascent power of America, each lepre sented with Its approximate insignia, marched and blended together in a dance emblematic of the peace and comity of nations. The transformation scone, re- presenting the growth of Australia from a solitude to a Power was a most pleasing effort. Tile whole concluded with n most amusing harlequinade. Mr. William Elton, who has been specially engaged by Messrs. Williamson nnd Musgrove for a Queensland season In " Morocco Bound," arrived last night by the Warrego. t This Inimitable attlst In comic opera has been abseiil troni this colony for five years. Ile appears on Thursday next, and on the conclusion of this engagement leaves for Europe. .Those who remember Mr. Elton In the "bid Guard," " Gondoliers," mid " Dorothy," will welcome the reap- pearance of an old favourite. SALUTARY PUNISHMENT. Ia consequence of the severe strictures passed by lils Honour Mr. .Justice Noel upon the verdict given by a Georgetown jury In a recent case-a verdict stig- matised by him as being " the most corrupt ever given by any -jury ompan nelled In Queensland"-there appears In the " Government Gazette" of Saint day last a proclamation withdrawing from the District Court at Georgetown the criminal jurisdiction possessed by that court for a period ol' twelve calendar months, from 22nd August next. ORGAN RECITAL. The weekly organ recltnl at the Albert street Wcsleyan Church wns held on Fri- day evening last. Owing to circum- stances which could not bo controlled, the church was not available on Saturday evening, and hence It was unavoidable that the recital should be hold an evening earlier or not at all. Under the circum- stances, It would probably have been better to have omitted It altogether, Friday evening is unsuitable for the great majority of persons, nnd the public have become so accustomed to associate Saturday with the organ recital, that moro than the abort notice that was given was necessary to properly notify the temporary change In the usual order. The resubl was that the building was not half ulled, a circumstance that tended gieatly to projudlco the success oi the entertainment. Mr. Benson's organ numbers comprised Chorale and Andante Religioso from Mendelssohn's Fifth So- nata, the finale from a symphony by the same 'composer, Spinney's " Eventide," and a beautiful gavotte by Thackwrny, bracketed together, and a March by Gounod, all of which wore marked by artistic taste and executive skill. Mr. PI. Sleath contributed two 'collo solos, the first being Jollermnn's Cantilena, and Popper's well-known Gavotte, ex- hibiting in both first-class power of exe- cution that earned for him warm ap- plause. One of the prominent features of the entertainment was the rendering of four unaccompanied vocal quartettes by the glee-singers*. The efforts of these singers evidenced careful training In addition to a high degree of vocal ability, and gave manifest pleasure to the audience, who more than once vocife-^ rously demanded a repetition, which, however, was not complied with. The recitals will be continued this week and each week in future on Saturday even- ing, without any further interruption. COLONFJI. DRURY'S RETIREMENT. In the " Government Gazette" of Satur- day last It is notified that the resignation of Colonel E. R. Drury, C.M.G., of his appointment as Commindiint has been accepted, and there Is conveyed to Colonel Drury an expression of the cordial ap- proval of the Governor-ln-Councll of the manner In which the duties of Comman- dant have been perlormed by him during his tenure of office. Colonel Drury de- sires all the members of the "Defence and Volunteer Forces to accept his warmest thanks for the assistance they have given him. He believes that some good work has been accomplished during the past year. His sincere acknowledgments are specially due to the officers of the Head- quarters Staff, military and civil, whose zealous co-opera lion has been most valu- able to him. ' ENTERTAINMENT AT BULIMBA. An entertainment consisting of Tab- leaux Vivants, interspersed with songs, was given at the School of Arts, Bulimba, on Friday evening last, towards defray- ing some expenses In connection with the local Church of England. The building was crowded. In the opening tableau, " The Gipsy Countess," was well por- trayed by Mr3. De Vaux, Mr. Fuller sustaining the part of suitor. " The Seasons," admirably typified oy> four young ladies, were succeeded by " The Sleeping Beauty" and " Where are you going, my pretty maid ?" In the follow- ing scene, " Night" hid her darkness at i the advent of glorious " Morning." " The Three Young Maids of Lee," charming, but withal difficult to please matri- monially, appeared, and after a short Interval, representing a number of years, again caine transformed Into " The Thiee Old Maids of Lee," the illustrative songs being rendered by Mrs. Paul. One pic- ture, receiving a large share of applause, was a statuesque group, " The Three Graces." A rather sharp contrast fol- lowed in " The Three Disgraces," while in the concluding tableaux .' Britannia" was well represented by Miss Hely, sup- ported by a number of sailor lads, under the command of Bo'swain Thorpe. Mr. Woodcock, as conduotor, kept the house In the utmost good-humour, and songs rendered by Messrs. M'Swaine and Trower were much appreciated. Alessis. Burstall and Wilkinson . presided at the piano, and the scenic effects, arranged by Air. paul, were good. The organisa- tion of the entertainment, and its suc- cessful accomplishment, were due to the exertions of Mrs. Paul, assisted by Miss Bedford. A HEAVY FINE. At the Caboolture Police Court, before Mr. Murray, P.M., and Messrs. Hobson, Burke, Pleace, and Zillman, JJ.P., the following case was heard :-Collector of Customs v. John Simpson, for breach of Customs Act. The defendant was charged with evading Customs duties upon 34 gallons whisky, 28 gallons brandy, and S gallons gin, A further count charged the defendant Simpson with being concerned in the removal of the above spirits. The defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined £50 on"euch count, -£100 In all-with professional costs, amounting to £3 r,s,; In default, three months' imprisonment, fourteen days being allowed in which to pay the fine. THE LATE MR. E. TOWNSEND. News has been received by telegram of the death of Mr. Edwin Townsend, at the Coen River, Cape York Peninsula. Mr. Townsend was a son of the late Captain Townsend, of Sandgate, and for many years served in the Native Police Force in North Queensland, usu- ally occupying pioneer stations. The smart young officer of eighteen or twenty years ago will be remembered by many friends with most kindly feelings. Mr. Edwin Townsend was one of the reckless, cheerful, and tho- roughly good-hearted men who opened up the wildernesses of the far North, and a conspicuous feature in his character was that in hard and dangerous duty he never spared himself. He was a brother of Mr. George Townsend, also formerly of the Native Police, and now of the Immigration Department in Brisbane. ST. MARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. The feast of Pentecost was commemo- rated at St. Mary's Church, South Bris- bane, yesterday. Mass was celebrated at 8 and 11 o'clock by the Rev. Father Dorrlgan. the early service being attended by an unusually large number of com- municants. At 11 o'clock an appropriate and impressive sermon was preached by Father Dorrlgan, the subject dealt with being tho «. Descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles." At this mass the musical portion of the service was «made a special feature. A line rendering of Haydn's 1st Mass was given hy the choir anil orchestra, the latter being assisted by a number of professional players. At the offertoiy, Mrs. Spencer Browne sang Ilummel'tt "Alma Virgo,',' and after the elevation Mr. Lawienee gave n beautiful rendering of Mascagnl's " Intermezzo." Air. Munro conducted as usual, and Miss E. Carmichael presided at the organ. ALL SAINTS CHURCH. Yesterday being the fenst of Pente- cost, or Whit-Sunday, there was a large number of communicants at All Saints Church, all those who were con- firmed on Ascension Day making their first communion at the early service. There wero large congregations at ma- tins, at the afternoon service, and at evensong. The rector preached eloquent sermons Suitable for the festival, In the morning on the text," " Quenuh not the Spirit," and in the evening an interest- ing account of the rivers Abana, Phar phur, and Jordan. The proper psalms, canticles, and hymns were well sung, and the anthem, " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," wns sung as a solo by Mr. M'Gavln, a quartette by Mrs. Robinson, Miss Balley, nnd Messrs. M'Gavln and Schick, and the third pnrt full. Offertories wera for the general fund, all seats being free and unnppro nriated. SEPARATE CARRIAGES FOR KANAKAS. The "Bundaberg Mall" of Saturday last contains the following :-At the re- quest of the South Kolan Progress As- sociation, Mr. M. Duffy, M.L.A., on Wed- nesday waited on the Railway Commis- sioners in Brisbane to urge on them the necessity of providing separate car- riages on the trains between* Watawa and' Bundaberg for Kanakas. Tho Commissioners pointed out several dif- ficulties Inseparable from the innovation, and the objections that lay in the path of the proposition. They pointed out that the Bundaberg distriqt was not alone affected by this grievance. The Cairns, Townsville, Mackay, and Chil- ders people were equally concerned, and anything done in one district would have to be extended to the others. This would be rather an expensive un- dertaking- especially when they might have to provide an empty carriage on every train on the off-chance of Kana- kas travelling. The Kanakas were not like white people who were constantly travelling-they only used the trains periodically. But another aspect of the case, was, the Commissioners said, the legal question. They thought it might be necessary to seek and obtain legis- lative sanction before they could do what Mr. Duffy a3ked. The Kanakas paid the department the same fare as other people, and at present they thought they could not compel them lo travel in special carriages. But the Commis- sioners said they were very anxious lo meet the wishes and requirements of the .public in every possible way, and they would give the matter their most earnest consideration. QUEENSLAND FINANCES AND PRO- GRESS. Undoubtedly the colonies are rapidly emerging from the îeeent financial straits caused by the universal depression, and Queensland Is making a strong effort to take the lead of all the colonies in the Australian group (says the Sydney "Tele- graph"). Al the present moment it is understood the Queensland Government have about £1,000,000 at the credit of cur- rent accounts with the banks, while fur- ther credits of over £2,000,000 are gradu- ally being made available from the bank- ing institutions affected by the crisis. A sum of over £500,000 has been remitted to London to meet^lnterest due a few months hence, and, altogether, our neigh- bours appear to be suffering from a plethora of money. It is recognised in the Northern colony that public wonts must be started at an early date to re- lieve the Treasury, and several railway extensions are being advocated, both in North Queensland and locally, about Brisbane. Under these conditions, as well as from the recent discoveries ,of gold near Cairns and Normanton, Queensland must soon make substantial advancement. THE SYDNEY 'UNEMPLOYED. Mr. Creer, superintendent of the La- bour Bureau, states that the number of men who have registered weekly are on the decrease, notwithstanding the near approach of winter (says the " Herald"). Since the 1st April the enrolments have averaged 55 dally. In January the num- ber was 66, in February 80, and In March 00\. From 40 to 60 men are sent away from Sydney to the country dally. As manv as 90 men have been despatched in one day. At the Centennial Park about 2000 men are engaged working for rations. Mr. Creer estimates that there are between 8000 and 10,000 unemployed persons In the city and suburbs, and of these from 800 to 1000 are men who really do not want work. As un Illustration of this fact, Mr. Creer mentions that'this week four or live bridge caipenters were required to be sent to Wagga, where a contractor required some work to be done at the rate of Ss. per day, and which would have lasted for throe or four months. Several men refused to accept it at less than 10s. per day. The bureau was established on the 17th Feb .unry. ISO?, and since that date 1S,JS5 men have been sent fossicking. CRIMINALS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. The report of the Comptroller-General of Prisons of New South Wales for 1391 ?itates that the total number of gaols In operation at the end of the year 1894 was n0. Of this number 36 were police gaols, which are maintained on grounds ol convenience and economy as places of detention for prisoners awaiting trial on the spot and for short-sentenced local offenders. The total number of prisoners distributed throughout the ?jaols of the colony on the 31st December last was 260-1 (2352 males and 23'i fe- males, as against 2443 (2237 males and 20S females) at the end of 1S9Ü, the estimated increase of population of the colony being from 1,223,370 In 1893 to ,1,251.450 in 1894\. The number of distinct persons íeceived into the gaols during the year was 11,604, ns compared with 12,002 in JS43. There were 26 deaths during the year (including five executions), to 33 In 1893\. The net value of all kinds of work done by the prisoners in the different gaols, with the exception of those under- going modified servitude at Trial Hay, was 131,826, ns compared with £51,393 for the previous year. MANCHESTER AND AUSTRALIVN TRADE. The Manchester authorities are look- ing forward to a great expansion of the Australasian trade (says the London cor- respondent of the " S. D. Telegraph"). When the new shipping line is estab- lished, with cold stores capable of re- ceiving 120,000 sheep, it is claimed that Manchester, supplying on^-fii'th of tv population of the United Kingdom, will command a market rivalling London. The stores, which have been recently completed, were opened by the Mayor and corporation. At the banquet that followed the formal opening, Mr. J. K. Bythell explained that according to con- tract the building ought to have been ready last spring. Unavoidable delays took place, and the Australian season was missed. Ships wore advertised, merchants had promised to 'make their arrangements, and then telegrams had been sent out Intimating that the stores would not be ready. A time of walting will now be necessary, but apparently Manchester is willing to wait with con- fidence, for the other guests spoke of 1 the unlimited production of Austral- asia" as likely to be attracted bv the promise of direct trade with so- populous a centre, and the greatest enthusiasm prevailed. The stores cost £75,000. LECTURE AT BALD HILLS. A lecture was delivered In the Wes leyan Church at Bulcl Hills on Thurs- day evening by Miss A. L. Murcutt, the Australasian organiser of the "Women's Christian Temperance Union, to an at- tentive audience. Mrs. Murray occu- pied the chair, and introduced the lec- turer, whoso subject, .? The Rise and Progress of the Women's Christian Temperance Union." was listened to with a great amount of Interest. The lecturer carried the audience in imagi- nation back to the scenes of the earliest efforts of the temperance crusaders, and the trinls and vicissitudes that were undergone by this band of noble wo- men, discoursing at length on the foun- dation of the W.C.T.U.. and touching upon the work of the union during the past years. Lady Henry Somerset, Frances Willard, Miss Ackermann. Mrs. Ancrrews, and other eminent women and their work in connection with the union v> ere described by the lecturer, twho was aided considerably by magic lantern slides. Picture«, of places of Interest In connection with the W.C.T.U. were also thrown on the sheet. At ,tho conclusion of the lecture Mrs. Wright, the presi- dent of the W.C.T.U. at Bald Hills, pro- posed a vote of thanks to Miss Murcutt, v hieb was seconded by the Rev. W. D. Meiklejohn, and carried unanimously. There appears In the " Gazette" of Saturday last a notification appointing Lieutenant-Colonel Howe! Gunter, late of her Majesty's Norfolk regiment (the new Commniulunt), to bo a colonel In the Queensland Lund Defence Force. The following applications -for the grant of letters patent have been ac- cepted by the Registrar-General of Pa- tents :-M. W. Fergusson, for " Im- proved school desk ;" W. -Tm'#ark' for '. Improvemnts in the manufacture of beer and in bottling the same ;" J. Anschan, of Lismore, New Soilfh Wales, for " Improvements in seal locks and In seals therefor ;" J. S. Beeman, Camber- well, London, for " Improved mouth- piece for cigarettes ;" William Duffy, London, for " Improvements in wood- block paving for roadways ;" * A. G. Saunders, for " Improvements relating to stamper batteries ;" J. C. Fell, London, for " Improvements in concentrators worked' by compressed air ;" E. Barton, Sydney, " Improvements in horse col- lars." « We have been asked by' Mr. Gordon, Chief Inspector of Stock, to correct a statement made by Dr. Love at the last meeting of the Central Board of Health, to the efteel that the order for the eree-. tlon of sheds for the cultivation of lymph at Goodna had been cancelled. The buildings ai'e all but finished, being con- structed under the surveillance of the Works Department. In tho report of the adjourned meeting of the M'Clay Prospecting Syndicate, published in our issue of Friday last, omission was inadvertently made of the name of Mr. Isidor Lissner as one of the provisional directors. Goods specially reduced at Finney, Isles, and Co. left over, will be cleared off at dissolution reductions until all are sold.* The officers of the Brisbane City Mis- sion curing Hie past week have given re- lief to a few families, also held the usual open air, mothers', and other services, some of which were very successful. On Thursday evening in the Charlotte-street Hall many listened to readings, &c;, and 106 illustrations were thrown upon the sheet by the nien-of-warsmeli, who managed th,-1 magic lantern The young people especially wcie loud and long in their applause. Mr. Purnell was the lecturer, while Mr. Beresford gave a good reading of " The Lifeboat." The life and adventures of Jonah were illus- trated on a screen, whilst Mr. Purnell drew some practical lessons from that prophet's experiences. For blankets we can strongly recom- mend you to go to Finney, Isles, and Co. for quality and cheapness ; they cannot be beaten.* "" i At the Ackermann Union on Friday it was decided to begin a pledge-signing crusade, the union having the largest number of pledges to receive a prize from the District Union. Do not miss seeing the present splendid show in Finney, Isles, and Co.'s windows, which are lit up on Saturday evenings until a o'clock.* The meeting of delegates from the Queensland Yacht Club, and the various regatta committees, is advertised to be held this evening at the National Hotel, the object being to make the intercolonial champion sailing races, already so suc- cessfully inaugurated, of as widespread interest as possible ; and in view of the 22-footer championship bein? now he'd by a Queensland boat, It Is hoped that a full attendance ot delegates will result at the meeting, and enable satisfactory arrangements to be made at once for the convenience of the other colonies that are to compete. The latest show of winter goods In Finney, Isles, and Co 's windows is splen- did, and the prices »nore tempting than ever.* A citiu*. fair and exhibition .of fruits and general horticultural products will be held In the Columbia Rink: in connec- . tlon with the Fruit and Economic Plant Growers' Association on Thursday and Friday next. The award schedule com- prises sections for citrus fruits, dried fruits, miscellaneous fruits, .vegetables, economic plants, preserved fruits, sugars, wines, »te, and includes no fewer than 230 classes, so that a ' thoroughly good show, representative of the orchard and garden produce of the colony, should be the íesuk. - Clubhouse Hotel, Murwillumbah, Tweed River. Sample rooms for com- mercials. Every convenience. Wag- gonette meets Lismore train. Close to wharf,-(Advt.) There is to be o sale of work at St. Michael and All Angels, New Farm, this afternoon. Mrs. Tozer will open the sale. Many of the New Farm ladies have been working for it Cor some time past. The proceeds are to be devoted towards helping the church funds. In the evening there will be n concert. This promises, to be a very good one, as there are many well-known names upon the programme, sucii as Mrs. Gilbert Wilson, ,Mv. M'Swaine, Mr. Lawrence, and Mr, Townley The Earl of Yarmouth is also to take part. Private advices from Doolbi, Isis Scrub, Inform us that the léaalng hotel in the district Is Chattln's. It adjoin} the station.-(Advt.) ' We on Thursday met nh intelligent young farmer who has come up heie from the Clarence district to spy out our ,ugar lands with a view to investment fstales the " Bundaberg Star" of Satur- day). Though not officially appointed for that purpose, we gleaned from him that he was the reptesentative (if many far- mers th-io who think of migrating t» Queensland. He candidly tijld us he was not verj much Impressed wltn the charaq ter of the land offered by thc.blg planters to farmers. 1 Everyone, no matter whether they want to buy or not, should see Frmey, Isles, nnd Co.'s show of new winter ¡joods.* A Pittsworth corresponetynt writes to the "Toowoomba Chronicle" that for seven and twelty years he had not seen the \grass so bad, so early in the wintei. He Is very much afraid It will be avery hard winter upon stock. The fev farmers who had sown their wheat earl- in April had been very lucky, as the-Bound got a good start, but the bulk of went in this month, and is n lie wheat complete failure. There was only as i uch rain ns barely started half the seed and that has since perished, owing to t e ground not being hnlf wet enough at the tiifie . it wns put in. Northumberland Hotel, ' ymple. First-class accommodation pr tra- vellers and visitors ; buggy mots every train. R. A. Sim.-(Advt.) At the monthly^meetlng of he com- mittee of the Drayton and Tiwoomba Society held last Thursday, a tter was read from the secretary of thejNatlonal Association, Inquiring whe er the , society intended to prepare .district exhibit for the annual show of:he Bris- bane. National Association. 'After a careful review of the whole patton, In- cluding the fact that cost oijenrriage from South Brisbane would mterlally add to the other expenses of .district exhibition, and also considering that the society could not afford su(. outlay which would have to be met I general subscriptions throughout the \vn and district. The secretary was strueted to reply that until direct comrihicatlon was established between Toovsnba and Brisbane the society could nofcntertain the idea of making a dlstrlf 'exhibit, but that next year, general pndltiorts being more favourable, such «mpetitlon might be entered upon. > I , Anyone who requires to purcpse ¡Gene- ral Drapery. Clothing, Carril-Floor- cloths, Bedding, Bedsteads, fornitura, f¿a., &a;, should, at all eve«, call at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s. See tar y-alnos, qualities, and prices, to cc pare and Judge for themselves.* P 