WHS /VevAr C o u ie f COMPLETE fiTO K r. This story ought to begin with tbe thunderstorm. But for that, at any rate, 1 should have spent tbe bight in a different ror.m ; and, instead of being harH'sed with a succession of rayricrieB and JtorrorF, I should have slept ns my long day's tramp hod well entitled mo to sleep Apart from tins c nnection. the ibuwdir was w*0i worth men'ioning on its own nerr-nnt AH afternoon fearsome imligoeloudfi have been marshalling tbeinrelres around the aky, dis?olring bj and-bye iu an ever-growing and ever* darkening mass of coppery grey ; while the world below awaited the storm in pallid silence, ns a beleaguered city may await the outburst of the cannonade At 5 o’clock the signal was given, llu-re was a sudden flash across the sky, a moment of intensified hush, and then (lie wild thunder leapt up and began. At the first roar of it the clachan loiterers scuttled into shelter. I t was tike a stamped* of rabbits. Tlie street was swept clean in an instant. There is something poetical, Byrone&que;, ►uhlime, in standing alone amid the play of hiur lightning and the wArfareofcioud «ith cloud But on this occasion I confess that the sublimity of Nature appealed to me in vain. I t wes hard work trying not to feel afraid. One rou-d on y look askance at the sky, and wish one's self well out of it. The destination I bad appointed myself for the day was several miles iu front of me; but when J heard that thunderclap my resolution be*:sn to fail The invitatioD, ‘ Lodgings" met my eye as I looked about for shelter. I 11 wt>s in a seoondstorey window. I went and knocked at the door. Externally there was nothing remarkable or uncanny about tbe house except tbat it was very old, and had a weatherbeaten hit of stone carring on the square slab just a bore (he door. I had some t»me to inspect it, for the “ mistress” was pulling fruit in the back garden; aud, as for os (he broken hedges wool tenable me to difc.over any sign whatever, it •ref-mod to me to represent a band with s dugRt-r in i t ; and the thought came unhidden that it was a most ominous bit of heraldry. H iwever, the appearance of the kitchen made amends. I t was lined with wood, and had in process of tin or with the assi>tauce of art, acquired rich fubtmncl ru-ret, uptm which the cheery fireigh' played with an effect that wss as piciurcsquc aR it was comforting But 'we'i tln»rc the incessant clatter and jum! lo of the thunder and tbe hiss of the wild “ blirifi" of rain against the window rasintcijjed thp i-rnsc of itej rcFxion that po?« My bedroom was flrelc>.fi and cold iookini;. Jt was furnished with a bed, a •■mull nnd very- Hiaky table, with one of Ihe under crene-bars lied in^ether with strinc. and a cheap and thin-h-gged toilet stand Luxurious w*s the last word you wculd hare applied 10 anything in the room, until you got hrtween the blankets; nnd then you hugged yourself and blessed be bedmsker. ComfortnhV as it was, however, and weary as were my legs, I could not sleep. The thunder, or something else, had affected my nerves. Long uftcr the last peal i f i 1 had harkened toits final echo from *'Us, I losred and fidgeted and kicked the blanket* off and on again. I bed early. J heard (he kitchen ch- ck strike ten, and then elevsn, rd (he warning for twelve; i-.ud then (here was a gurgle in its throat, a sort of ch kr, and the twelve remained .struck. It was «xaotly as if ffian had throttled it. ‘I his trilling, t-ough certainly 1 what extraordinary, circumstance ried me excessive'y, I fell sleep : impossible, i gut up, lit my cBndle and opened one of th<* b--oks upon tbe table. M r chair was high, the (able was low, and the beudiug of my back to keen the page within reading distauce of the candle heearae so irkreime that I went to bed again. To this day I have only to bond a little lower than usual over a bouk lo have that rieketty table br.ugbt before me, with its cross- piece tied wpb riring. I thii-k my next conscious action wa that of watching the mousetrap. The storm was all over by this time, through my bedroom window the ;____ was projecting on the floor a square of liuht that was divided into smaller squares by the shadows of tiie window bars In one corner of square I saw one of tbe boles the front of a mousetrap, the rest of which waB in darknecs and undistinguishable A well fed mouse and its shadow were crossing and re- cross'ng the pm-h of liiiht, emorgine from the darkness a' one ride, and disappearing in tlie darkness at tbe other. I watched tlipj: movements in a sort of fascination; nnd at every disappearance I found ray«e)f sperulaiing as to tbe point where they would next become visible. A( last they ceased their aimless wanderings, and made fifraiglit for the corner where (he mousetrap lay. The mouse ventured into the hole ; there was a half-chok**d squeal i and then I sa« a pair of bind legs kicking convulsively in tbe air, wbilt their shadows kicked benoslb them It was murder. Ju st then my pHch of lichl disappeared, and left me lo my thoughts I began to wonder whether after all there could he anjtiling in (he docirine of lrAn*ruigralion of souls, and whether tbe doing of a moure to death were act as great a crime as homicide ilxr-lf; lt whether,on tbe oilier hand, if we saw things in their true perspective, homicide aod murieide were equally venial JTenceg. I fallowed tLis line of speculation for a time, never really getting auy satisfaction from my reasoning, but always dozing over just when a definite conclusion seemed to be approaching. I was suddenly roused to full consciousneD96 by the discovery that the shadowwindow was on the floor again, bol that mouse and mousetrap had disappeared. I ought to have got up and sren to it at once : for I was positive that the (rap c>uld only have been removed by human or snpmmlural egeney. If the Client Vf re human there were articles of an mousetrapR to lift. H the agent were supematural—hut that as ridiculous Nevertheless. T lay still nnd listened ; d among tbs other inexplioahle sounds that imagination rasgnifies into terr-irs in the email hours of tlto morning i heard thf licking of the kitchen clock This, of oourse, was impossible, for had 1 not heard its last ghpp when just on Hie stroke of 12 P Feroaps of all the dreadful thoughts that an excited hrain can harbor this ig the most distressing; to fancy that its own delicate machinery i# going wrong I (bought it aw .y «g well I could, but the alternative was inevitable ; either tbe clock was ticking or my was giving way. ras about this time that I saw tLo ghost, I t was a woman in a tartan lot at all ghostly in appearance, except for a certain air o r ' onsoli* stantiality, aa if she were merely a reflection in a mirror. Her cheek was flashed with passion ; her eyes gleamed with a fire that would have been malignant if the face had been more evil. As it was. it wag duty that seemed to u~ge h e r; tlie duty of tbe Indian and tbe Corsican, that makes ename a rjrfne Sira came and le n t over my bed, and stored up a t her. He right haud had eath in it, and I was heipless. H er -fjeR burned into me a s -if she were rending my very u<ml. Then J saw her face relax iu’o a most pitiable-sorrow and despair. u Not yet I Not y e t! Will he never come p” she moaned, and sank upon the floor in the attitude of prayer. Iflave a gasp of relief; and then, tbe only other tenant of my room was the patch of cold moonlight on the floor. W hen I awoke next morning I w«6 confident that I bad dreamt it all. Daylight is sceptics!, and I quickly discovered that on one point; at any rate, my mystification was necdlesN Th--' mousetrap whs still there, with the moute half in ard half out of it. It had never budged an inch. U was (he moon that had budged. This ridiculously simple explanation of one myitery was sreonded-by a remark of my landlady's iu answer to « feeler of xaiDO. “ Oh. ay, it's a guid clock," said she, * and an auld clock, and keeps good time. But it has its bit weakness for a' that It canna chap twelve!" But when I proceeded (0 ask a question or two about Ihe ghott, the mystery, instead of clearing away, grew darker thou ever. I had in my own rair.d set down the hand above tbe dcor as having suggested my visi 11 But this theory quickly became untenable. My landlady was not told by me, aod did not seem to be aware (fiat such uncanny visitors frequented nny bedioom of hers; but sbe knew ali about the woman in tartan The story os she told it was briefly tb is. A women's brother had been m urdered, and sbe. being, I suppose; prophetically inspired by some Highland Apollo, had lifted up her hand and pvp pbesied that in the very chamber w hj^ the de.d wan done the deed wouM be avenged. The murderer, however, had fled to America; and there an ignorant bullet hsd prematurely disposed of him. niul prevented the literal fulfilment of the prophecy. Then the woman died; and now she haunts the fatal chamber in the hope of the murderer’s return; her purgatory being “ the hope deferred that maketh the heart sick." Now, the idea of one ghost haunting a bedmom till another ghost conies back to he murdered in it is much too original for a prosaic imagination like mine to hare suggested. iTrere were two alternatives for me to select from. The close nes9 with which my vision tallied with the story might be a mrre coincidence. If so, it wai tbe most remarkable coincidence I iiaj heard of. Or the ghost must be ftosh aud blood-somebody playing a trick on me. If so, how did it disappear? Beyond these two there was, of course, tbe third aiternatiro -tb a t the ghost waa a g h o st-sn actual visitant from the other w utlj, and not the fiction rf a Ccltic'imHgiiration; for why should araerely invented ghost Lave come te visit me / It puzzled me a good deal It would be puzzling me yet but for a trifling accident 1 had left my diary on the rickety table upstairs, and went up to fetch it There was a book lying bcFide it, and I remembered tlie yam in mv back nnd my midnight stiempi to read, I could nor, however, bring to my recollection the matter of my reading. Bnt 1 lifted the | book and opened it. It bad opened : almost of itself at a particular plaoe ‘ night; it opened at the same place 1 7 be pace was distinguished by a spot of caudle grease, and a woodcut ol a tragical ttoman in tartan. Underneath the woodcut v. as the legend— “ Not yet! Not yet! W ill he never 00030?" 