A GHOST ON A BIOYOLE. 1 I3S884; T»T "ABB" i think parhepa It will bo well te prefeca thh etory with the ror.aik, " Do not md tkh aaliea yon hero i xptrirureil tbe mini- felffaellBblc of riding « bioyole," . Ia ana of.' thora qolet little village! for wtileh; Tar mania leao noted tbaro lived a yonogfiban, Philip Wilaon bynama. He waa Vwall-ta-Ja ytong Eagllibmta, a totayir by pr6f#aaion(.tboagb at tba tlma oar atory opana a brbflert »ne. Traa, tblr did' sot tzssbls lilm msoh, foi ks had u.tii'mv moBsv. was ssioswbat bsv. ths tsastry sroood wts I'svsly Is th» xtveme, ud lbs looUty fl#"nt add gay. Dl« pricelptl dNIgbft, hswsvir, wis is 'oy sling, Old all tbf irssds ia tha nsigbborhsod wan flat and gaod. He often joioed Ibo village dootcr, flat yseng native, tad bis eister (who kept fe'osse fer bvr brotbar) In their tidss, aid many s pleasant time tbo tbrae ksd< laMlhtr. Dr Jack Sanderson (was ltvsr man, and s rialng ont Hlseliter, Jaislt. ttht a semarksbly bsaatlfsl girl' with blaa vyas,. black hair, and a,vsry fair skis.- When rMlog ker bicycla (Tommy Atkfu)'b«r oheekk%en'alway« a rosy red BatWr a favorlta topic of coovarsation with tfaam was a certain ''gtaoat ofi a Woysls,"vtaid lo bn' tefDon meoslight sights,' almost 'flying along a straight plecs 2 read. The? often lasgbd and talksd of it, and tvan ip«k« of watoblng eomu atcht for bis ebaelebip. Tbe read hs was said to frsqseat was extremely Ionnly« and em Hkety to land iteelf to ghostly sffeet. It xtondad for nearly a mile, witfaoat a carve, aid was hemmed In on sitber side by a gnmtras forest, tba whlta dead trees sbow- Ingrent witb almost rpalnfnl pUinness sgalnit tbeir green brotkers. Tbe read wds Vtty 'asnew, asd' tbn tnw vary tall, aid Jesiio, In spite, ef ber laoghter, ssed MastlmM to shnddw wben she tbooght of bow ghostly it w nld look if, by moon . Hght/a bright bioyolo were aeon leariog aletg ridden by t figure in a hits, and with1 painted bead-dress, for 10 the spectre war. daeeribod. No one seemed t» know) the origin of 'be gbost. It bed only been seen daring Iks. last few months, and notbisg tragic had happened that coeld have given rise to Re It was qeite a mystery. Oaoifterneon as oar thro# friends wero tidlsg'aUog at a great rate in tbe eweet Taadiknlal epriog laneabino, and gaily talking of . party tbey were all going te b a village !etl eome diitecoe, Jereie re membered end remtrked It wenld bt e moonlight eight, add tbeir homeward 'ride wenld tek'e tbem eleog tbe hannted rind. FMIip'teH Jeteie wenld faint, when tbe foetMb girl txcltimed, " No, indeed, I eball ' lot, ted, m.reever, I deo'ero I will rido threigh ' It.' end then look roeod end eeo If 'It' ie-'ltill going on, I will j Indeed I will." Her bretker end friend leeghid, (I'd dared btr te do it. Tbe party wee to be big tfltir,itd Jeeela w.e expeoting to get let ot plea- em from it- Tbey were to etert et6 o'oleek, ee the tide' woald take two heme ead the party wae tc commeeoe et 8) Fbilip- WUeon, te a metier of oonree. wee toilde over wlih tbem. Tks' looksd fer day oamo at laitt 'and wUh'K a aota from 'Fbllip to .say he was ot very well, and did not foal equal to lbs lang ride. He was vary dltsppotslod. Jaok ran evor to ses kii friend and foand hba fftSvringfrem a tsVere cold; Jettsls was- bliterly disappointed.; in fiot, she woo almost frightened to tblok 'bow. dtoappoiotad she was. All her pleasata in "IbO.psryiwsi-'goutjXnd'Bhe -wonld- -gladly have atayod at boms, bat that was not to bo'lboagbt of. Bo they sot off. aod witb. nt advontors resobed Ih' ir dtstinalisr, Ivoiyone bat Jtosia to joyed tbe party -very Bieby bat ibe miassd the M . . looks and tones tW dart , Am instant's aaoahins to the beari." ; Jaok,'.bowsvsrldid'not, far Molly Timor was tbaro; sod looking ysty owoot in ikblto and parplo, and so ooeapiocl wscho in id miring lbs yonsg Tasmsnian bsastyi that bo did not botieo how llttlo Jsssle passed bar evening, which was a great cemfort to ftbst ycofig lady. It rwas almost 2 o'e'osk, sod bright ooaligbt, wbvn they loft tboir friend's Room;/ Jooeio was dollghtodlto bo ooidoing tbroogb tbo cool air aftar ber disappointing vanlag to the boated rooms. Tbey were both tlrod, asd very qtiet. May be tbey wore thlaUog of tbo bainteid road, fori bavo Mtldad that, hewevar bnvo a parson may be bright daylight, bo Is generally a dlffaicnt being by night, and with dismal nfroindtoga.' / they entered the ghost's domilti 'Jessie saw, away la the -distance, a white spook; As It aame nearsr end nearer It iesmed larger, aotii, with a ory, she said, " Ob, Jaok, it's tbe gbest. Look I look P . Yes, son sniagb, a flashlogly bright bleyela was advaaclag at a terrific pace. It was ridden by a figure in white, and with '» pointed eap. Nearer it oame, and yat nqaror, bnt oiitl wlthent a teond. So Sant'wa iti approtob that It indeed oaomad - to bo a visitor from another world. ThtTUfedh shed a sparkling light all artnnd the flpnro, antll U stemsd almost enveloped Ifen halo. Jesalo waa pale and tr»mbHng| Md bar gezo waa fixed on tbo gbost'y figsrt, bat the feund voloe to ray, " I'm elnjg to keep my word Jaok !" She tosrad btr miobioe so as to ron straight et tha|appreagbiag 'cyolist. Jaok, in horror, bad. jbst railed a warning ory, when with a rash the bioycles met. Jessie's wts bnrlsd bask aod she was tbrawn frem ber mat to tbe grosnd. Her brother rnehed tn. ber eoetstaneo end fonnd bar etonned and bleeding; be tnrood, and to hla aatififsbment there stood Philip Wilaoa, daaed,. and u If half awakoisd fiota sleep, ebul in wblto pyjtmis, and wearing a pointed sleeping eap. , 11 Jack » bo eald, 11 bow did I get bore ? "Well," replied bie frisnd, l(yo« ought fo .know. Stems is ms yoa'Jl btvo to answer for It. Jnit look at Jsssio. Wake op, man (sbaklog him), don't yon see the poor girl is atanaed ?" Pbfiip did wako ap, ud hia aerrow at Mif Jtmk lyipg thus nm\ bo di< iflriM Y«ry tfodrrly ibvy "'fHirl-d tbv ijirf houip, whera Jaok ioind sbu was uoi so uti'ili injorsd si tbey bad at firat feared 7 Their relist wsh great when tbey knew ahb ioly bad both ankteB imraly sprained and ad ug!y weond os b«r bead, wblob bad "tunned bar, for al: lioagh sbs was not libls to get abest for weeks, tnd ootid not ride Tomy Atkins for montfas, the damage, was oot of a very eerioaa aaiare. Philip ceold not at first explain bow be oamE to be riding in bo linage s plaoe at o strange en hoar, oot when thinking it over he remembered that he had heardjbii mother say that ae s child he wae a som- nambolidL hilt Alllv willrnil tn mfiAnltsKl nights ; bat as for yeare bafore bo left'bls boms be., bad net been knewn;to do ss/it was tbeegbt he bid grown oot ef Ibe bsbiti Tbt re seemed no donbt hat be was;the 'gbast, and he was very mecb amnstd to tbf r k hew often he bad disoassed himself, «nd had even tbosght of sitting np and .watching for himself. That be bad never) been missed wae owing to tbo fact that be fhad bis effioe and rorms inaoottago where ,bo Hvrd alone, a wemtn coming Is to keep bis plate in order, and be going ts an betel fsrbismeali. As Is eftsn the ' ca"e with somnam;. . tbo . shook , with' wblob j ho wae awakenid .on tbe night of I bis tdveniuro oared bitn < 'for' ever of , tbe babtt. 'Cyoliog with hlai bad become almdit a mania, aad evco fa sleep bis mind mast have dwelt cn its delights, with ; the. FEBblfc WE flEVE Brtrtn.' > We rssd that "It ! an ill wind that blows nobsdy gsad," and sa it proved ia this case, for tbo result of Phillip's tide was that ha foand oat ho was very fond ot Jessie, and also that sbe was-fond ot bfm So they bseimo engaged. Tbey tbooght their engagement wonld be a very long one, as Jessie refased to. leave ber brother aotfibe shoe Id marry, 'bat tbls abstaole was removed by Jaok, a few weeks after the party, telllog bis friend. and sister that he waa ongogod to bo married to pretty Nolly Tomer. Great was tbeir joy, for tbey both liked" the girl, !'and moreover Jeeiie was freo. They wan all married on the sami day aod (as Jaok aad Jsssio wore orphans) from Mrs Timer's hones. Nolly bas learned to- ride a bio olo, land ft an eotbailaetic as oor other friend over it They often, ririn aod oftvn talk, with gloo about " Th obist on a biovolo.'V ' 