KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XV—(Continued). Captain O'Donnell shrugged his shoulders. Argu- ment was wasted here. He drew out his watch. It was past six now, and nearing the Scarswood dinner hour. ''I won't stay to dine today, I think,'' he said, rising. '' Sir Peter, with your permission, I'll keep this picture for the present : I don't see my way very clearly through this maze, and I can't believe your solution of the enigma. Katherine Dangerfield may not have been noted for an overstock of sound sense in her lifetime, but I can't believe that her ghost would remain so supremely silly after six years' interment as to take nocturnal rambles to Scarswood on purpose to keep a most sensational vow. I simply can't believe it. Shall I ring for someone to take my place ?'' He rang. Mrs. Butler and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing ; he made his way out unnoticed ; the lawn and terraces were deserted, also, and be passed out of the house and the gates undisturbed. He walked on to the town lost in thought. What did this mystery mean ? He might have thought the ghost a myth, a figment of Sir Peter's super- stitious, over-heated brain, but there was the evi- dence of the horse. The groom had found him quivering with terror — he had thrown his master in his frightened bound — and Saracen was a calm, well- tempered animal on ordinary occasions. Saracen was not superstitious, nor likely to be terrified by optical illusions. The horse had seen something — now what had that something been — goblin or human ? It was a riddle the Chasseur d'Afrique could not read. He walked on, with knitted brow and per- plexed mind, into and beyond the town. It was very quiet ; the respectable, fourth class, shop keeping, rate-paying citizens were in their back parlors drinking tea. An opal gray sky was over head, a faint evening breeze was stirring, and the golden evening stars twinkled amid the golden gray. In its peace and hush Captain O'Donnell went on, out into the suburbs, opened the quaint old gate, and entered the solitary churchyard. The deepest hush of all reigned here ; not a sound but the twitter of the birds in their nests and the rnstling of the leaves could be heard. He passed on, looking at the inscriptions on the tombstones, until at last he reached the solitary corner, where, under the waving fir-trees, six years ago, they had laid Sir John Dangerfield's adopted daughter. He paused. The gray stone was overrun with clematis, the grave with grass and weeds. He pushed aside the fragrant blossoms and read the inscription : Katherine, Ætat 17, Resurgam. ''Resurgam — I shall rise again !'' In the light of these latent events, how ominous the words sounded like a threat from the dead. He stood there until the last yellow glimmer died out of the western sky, and the whole expanse had turned cold and gray.The rising night wind struck chill, when at last he aroused himself and turned away. ut before he had gone five yards he paused. Then, after that momentary pause, he passed into the shadow of a tree-shaded walk, and stood still. A man and a woman were standing just inside the gate, screened from passers-by outside by the elms that waved above it. Even at that distance he recognized the woman's figure — it was not to be mistaken — it wasMiss Herncastle. Fate seemed to take a malicious pleasure in throwing him across her path, in foredooming him to play the spy. He stood still ; it was impossible to go a step onward without being seen, and what would the governess think, but that he had dogged her steps again ? He stood still. The backs of both were turned upon him, but he knew Miss Herncastle's stately figure and bearing, and dark plain dress immediately. The man — who was the man? For one moment O'Donnell's heart gave a bound — a sickening bound of fear. 'Was it — was it Sir Arthur Tregenna ? The height was the same ; this man wore a grey suit and a conical felt hat ; so did the Cornish baronet upon occasions. Could it be that the chivalrous, the high-minded Cornishman could stoop to such deception, such double dealings, such treachery to himself and Lady Cecil, as to keep private assignations with the governess ? As the thought crossed his mind, the two turned, moved forward to the gate, and he saw, with a sense of unutterable relief that he was mistaken. It was not Sir Arthur ; it was in no way like him. He saw the face of an utter stranger. The daylight still lingered, and the moon phone radiantly bright.; he saw their faces clearly. Miss Herncastle, calm, statuesque; as usual; the man tall, fair, student like, with stooping shoulders, and a pale, thin face. They were speaking as they approached the gate and him. In the profound stillness the last words of Miss Herncastle, in her rich, sweet, full tones, came to him-: "You must go back, Henry, and at once, to-night. That you have been at Castleford at all -will cause talk enough. I had to tell you Marie de Lausac was here, but I certainly did not expect you to answer my letter in person. Say good-bye now, and let me go on alone ; it would be fatal to all my projects to be seen with you.'' Their hands clasped. The man murmured some thing earnestly, in too low a tone to be heard. Miss Herncastle's clear voice responded : ' Give up! give up now, after all I have suffered, all I have worked so hard to accomplish, all I have done already ! Never! You should know me better than that. The first instalment of my revenge I have had. What I have sworn, I will do ; then, I care little what comes. Good-night, my kind, my faithful friend ; go back to London at once.'' She pnlled over her face a thick lace veil she wore, and walked away, with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes ; then he, too, opened the gate and disappeared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Marie de Lausac! his sister's Louisianian name on Miss Herncastle's lips— and to this man ! What did it mean ? And her revenge— the oath she had made, and meant to keep ! What strange, incomprehensible jumble of mysteries was it; altogether? His head absolutely turned giddy for a moment, with the surging thoughts that filled his brain. Who was Miss Herncastle ? He glanced at the grave, and the gray stone, gleaming in the moon- rays, that told the legend of Katherine Danger- field's death. If Katherine Dangerfield were dead \--- If— -what reason had he to doubt it ? And yet— and yet— bis blue eyes flashed, his lips set, his face grew like iron with sudden, stern resolve. ''I'll get at the bottom of this juggling. I'll find out who yon are, my mysterious Miss Herncastle. "I'll find out whether it was Katherine Dangerfield's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak, or--a living woman! And, above all, I'll find out what the name of Marie de Lausac has to do with you or that man!" CHAPTER XVI. THE STORY OF THE IVORY MINIATURE. ''Lady Cecil,'' Lord Ruysland said,''a word with you!'' It was an ominous beginning. The earl never called his daughter by her proper name or title unless in a state of unusual gravity or unusual dis- pleasure. They were alone together. The hour was just after dinner, and the ladies, among whom the governess had figured, had adjourned from the dinner to the drawing-room. Miss O'Donnell had gone to the piano, my lady perused a popular novel. Miss Herncastle seated herself by the window with that filmy lace embroidery — Lady Dangerfield kept her constantly employed — and Lady Cecil, feeling oppressed and out of spirits somehow, had thrown a black lace shawl over her head and white summer dress, and stepped through one of the open win- dows out upon the lawn, and down to the terrace. She was pacing slowly and thoughtfully up and down, a lovely vision in the sunset, when her father's voice abruptly spoke behind her. She turned in surprise. She had imagined him with the other gentlemen — Sir Arthur, the Major, and Sir Peter — over the wine and after dinner-talk, and here he was beside her, with a face of ominous gravity. ''With me, papa ? Certainly. What is it ?'' But her heart fluttered, guiltily, a little, as she asked that question : something very unpleasant flashed upon her at once. '' What is it ? Do you really need to ask that question, Lady Cecil ? I have come to demand an explanation of your extraordinary conduct of late.'' ''My extraordinary conduct ! Really, papa----'' '' That will do ! You feign surprise very well, my dear ; but it doesn't deceive me. I repeat — your extraordinary conduct ! What do you intend by it ? In regard to Miss Herncastle, I mean, of course.'' '' Miss Herncastle !'' ''Lady Cecil, be good enough to cease repeating everything I say as if you were a parrot,'' her father said, more irritation in his face and tone than she had ever seen or heard there before in her life. ''Your hearing is not defective. I hope —I said Miss Herncastle. What do you mean by your con- duct to that young woman ? Why do you insist upon forcing her society upon us —by having her to dine with us ? Oh, don't lay the blame upon Gin- evra — she would never think of so preposterous a thing if left to herself. I repeat once more, Lady Cecil— what does it mean ?'' ''Really, papa,'' — and Lady Cecil tried to laugh — '' I did not know so simple a matter would so seriously exercise you. I thought you believed in equality, fraternity — were a radical of the most rabid sort in politics, and-----'' ''Keep to the point, if you please,'' the earl in terrupted impatiently ; ''we're not talking politics now. It does not matter what I believe, whether I am radical or conservative in this affair, that I can see. It is a purely personal and family concern. Cecil!'' — sternly — ''has Sir Arthur Tregenna formally proposed to you yet ?'' The faint carnation rose up all over Lady Cecil's fair, pearly face. '' No, papa.'' '' I thought not,'' but his face darkened as he said it. ''And who's fault is that? Not Sir Arthur's, I am very certain.'' '' Sir Arthur's, surely, papa. What would you have? The absurd customs of England require that a lady shall wait until she is asked. Do you wish me to go to Sir Arthur and order him to marry me?'' '' I wish you to act like a rational being, to cease acting in such a manner as to render a proposal forever impossible. Are you wilfully blind, that you cannot see he is falling in love with that con- founded nursery governess ?'' ''My sight is perfect,'' Lady Cecil answered, coldly ; ''and, even if it were not, I still might see that. Sir Arthur takes little pains to conceal his preference. As it is probably the first time that austere gentleman ever felt a touch of the tender passion, it would be a thousand pities to come between him and it. I certainly shall not.'' ''What do you mean ?'' ''This, papa,'' Lady Cecil said; ''there is no use in getting angry or excited — that if Sir Arthur prefers Miss Herncastle to me, I shall never be Miss Herncastle's rival. And if he can honestly and truly fall in love with her, as I believe it is in his nature to love, I honour and congratulate him on his choice. Why should you or I try to thwart it-? He is not bound to me in any way ; he cares as little for me, in the way of love, as I do for him. Miss Herncastle is a much cleverer woman than I am, or ever shall be ; and, if he wishes it, why, let him marry her. She certainly suits him much better than I should ; and for the difference in rank, if he can overlook that, we surely may. Of this be very certain — '' her eyes flashed and her colour rose — — ''I will accept no man's hand while his heart is another woman's, though his fortune were three times thirty thousand a year.'' {To be continued.) 