MR. WESLEY ON HOLINESS. The following is a letter from Mr. Wesley to Mr. Maxfield on the subject of holiness : Without any preface or ceremony, which is useless between you and me, I will simply and plainly tell you what I dislike in yosr poctrine, spirit or outward behaviour. 1\. I like your doctrine of perfection, or pure love — love excluding sin ; your insist ing that it is merely by faith ; that conse quently it is instantaneous (though pre ceded and followed by a gradual work), and that it may be now at this instant. But I dislike your saying u man may be as perfect as an angel ; that he can be infallible, or above being tempted ; or that the moment he is pure in heart he cannot fall from it. I dislike you directly or indireotly depre cating justification, saying a justified person is not in Christ, is not born of God, is not sanctified, not a temple of the Holy Ghost, or that he cannot please* God, is not sancti fied, not a temple of the Holy Ghost, or that he cannot please God, or cannot grow in grace. I dislike your saying that one Baved from sin needs nothing more than looking to Jesus, needs not to hear ot think of any thing else ; believe, believe, is enough ; that he needs no self- examination, no terms of privrte prayer ; needs not mind little or outward things, and that he cannot be taught by any person who is not in the same state. I dislike your, affirming that justified per sons in general persecute them that are saved from sin, and that they have perse cuted you on this account. 2\. As to your spirit, I like your confi dence in God and your zeal for the salva tion of souls. I dislike something which has the ap pearance of pride, or overvaluing yourself and undervaluing others, particularly the preachers, thinking not only they are blind, and that they are not sent of God, and walking in the way to hell ; that they are going one way and yon another ; that they have no life in them, your speaking of yourselves as though you were the only men wko knew and taught the Gospel; and, as if not only all clergy, but all the Methodists besides, were in outer darkness. I dislike something that has the appear ance of enthusiasm ; overvaluing feeling and inward impressions; mistaking the mere work of imagination for the voice of the Spirit ; acoepting the means and under valuing reason, knowledge, and wisdom in general. I dislike something that has the appear ance of Antinomianism ; not magnifying the law and making it honourable ; not enough valuing tenderness of conscience and exact watchfulness in order thereto ; using faith rather as contradistinguished from holiness than as produotive of it. But what I most dislike is your littleness of love to yourbrethen : your want of meek ness, gentleness, long-suffering; your impatience of contradiction, counting every man your enemy that reproves or ad monishes you in love ; your bigotry and narrowness of spirit, leving in manner only those that love you ; censoriousness, prone ness to think hard of all that do not earnestly agree with you : in one word, your decisive spirit. Indeed, I do not be lieve that any of you design or desire a separation. But you do not enough fear, abhor and detest it, shuddering at the very thought. All the preceding tempers tend to it, and gradually prepare you for it. 3\. As to your outward behaviour, I like the general tenor of your life, devoted to God, and spent in doing good. I dislike your appointing such meetings as hinder others from attending either the publio preaching or their class or band. I dislike your spending so much time in several meetings, as many that attend can ill spare it from other duties of their calling unless they omit either their preaohing or their class or band. This naturally tends to dissolve our sooiety by cutting the sinews of it, As to your more publio meetings, I like the praying fervently and largely for all the blessings of God. I know much good has been done hereby. And I hope muoh will be done. But I dislike several things therein. The using improper expressions in prayer, sometimes too pompous and magnificent, extolling yourself, rather than God, and telling Him what you are, not what you want. Your affirming people will be justified or sanctified just now. Your affirming they are when they are not. The bidding them say, ? I believe.' The bitterly condemning any that oppose, calling them wolves, &c;, and pronouncing them hypo crites or not justified. Read thiB oalmly and impartially before the Lord in prayer. So shall the evil sease and the gooi remain. And you will then be more than ever united to your affection ate brother. Canterbury. J. Wesley. 