OUR STORY. A FLOWER OF THE SLUMS. NOTHING in his pocket ; no place to sleep ; he had not eaten since early morning, and then he lud spent his last dime for a cup of coffee and a few rolls. All day long he had walked the streets, passing from shop to shop, from warehouse to warehouse, up and down interminable stairs from office to office, looking for something to do, however ill paid, however uncongenial ; anything that might serve to keep body and soul together for a while ; anything, that he might not starve to death in the frightful pitiless solitude of the crowded, prosperous city. He was a poet, with the physique of of a poet, — frail, delicate, tender, beau tiful ; with iunqcent. eyes, into whose clear, wonderful depths it :at once, joyed and saddened one to gaze, — joy at the fresh, pure, young soul, as yet in love with lovely and holy things, still aglow with the hope that poverty and privation had not dimmed or daunted ; sadness when one thought of the illusions, the disappointments, the bitter draughts inevitable to the brave, young, strong, impatient heart. He had faith in his vocation, — a faith which did not in any sense partake of egotism, and so far it had not wavered ; nay, hi6 brief and fruitless sojourn in the great city had strengthened it ; for he carried in his pocket a letter re ceived only a month ago from another poet — a famous one, — who told him that his little verses were of extraor dinary merit for one so young. With these credentials, he had taken them about from publisher to publisher, none of whom would print them unless lie could promise the wherewithal to pay the cost of their publication. How buoyant he had felt starting out upon his quest ! How bravely he had trudged from one to another until his list was exhausted, and he realized that he must find employment, not only to assist him toward the accom plishment of his hopes, but to; keep him fiom starvation ! And now at last there had settled upon him a sud den fear, something more terrible than discouragement, — a shrinking from the unknown which lay before him. Fa tigue and hunger had much to do with the unforeseen, crushing, hopeless feel ing that was overwhelming his soul like the sudden uprising of a mighty sea. It was eleven o'clock at night when he found himself in that part of the c ty where squalid tenements abound, and blaring, flaring caves of horror open their greedy mouths to swallow the hapless or hopeless wayfarer who finds himself in their unlucky neigh bourhood. Fringing the district lying between the river and the warehouses, the scenes of many unwritten as well as pub'ic tragedies, they wril deserve the name they bear. Having turned the corner of the street, lie became aware of quick, short fo tsteps following him They w ere the fo .tsteps of a woman and, ! as he wished to be alone in fact as well as in thought, he halted within the shadow of a doorway, thinking to let her pass, and then pursue his dreary way one more. But as he paused a qualm of deadly faintness came over him, and he leaned agains'. the wall for support. My pretty I oy, said a voice beside him— the footsteps had paused almost at the same time as his own, so closely had they followed him, — my pretty boy, what ails you 1 Have you taken a drop too much ? Mechanically, he looked down at her from his six feet of young, fresh, man ly beauty, — the beauty of twenty years, the beauty of an untarnished soul. She was rather short, stout, and altogether unlovely. Youth had fl d her features long ago, and sin had left their ineffaceable ravages upon tlmm Her garments were tawdry and slovenly, her hands coarse and i l shapen ; b-.tupon her lips there was a horrible leer, and the hrazenness of voice shone in the cold, glittering eyes which looked up at him between her rouge-tipped cheeks and pencilled brows. He recognised her for what she was, and she seemed to him a vile and loathsome thing. Go away ! he said, in a feeble voice, but with a gesture which betrayed all the repugnance of bis soul. The woman's face suddenly changed. Her eyes lost their evil expression, the smile disappeared from her lips. Are you sick ? she asked, anxious- y- With a sigh that was half a sob, impelled by an inward force which he could not master, he- answered in faint voice. I am hungry, — I have neither eaten nor drunk since yesterday. Since yesterday ! she echoed, and the lines of her face softened till she looked almost womanly. Shei was thinking, poor fellow ! that is not so long, — only since yesterday ! .Life is just beginning for him. But she said, as any other woman might have, said it, in a voice full of compassion : Gome with me, and I will give you something to eat. She appeared no longer- abhorrent to him. He did not hesitate a moment, but followed her up a flight of stairs which opened on the street a few feet from wheie they stood. Step by step ¥ they mounted, past open doors where men, playing at cards, shouted and swore through blinding clouds of sick ening smoke ; or where men or women, dancing to the accompaniment of vile music and clinking glasses, made night hideous with their drunken mirth ; past closed doors, behind which their ears caught echoes of angry words or of stentorious, sodden sleep ; past black and noisome rooms, untennated save hy the ghosts of departed revels or revolting crimes j up, up, till they reached the attic under ehe roof, when the woman unlocked a door and bade him enter . It was the abode of poverty, con taining only a couple of straw-bottomed chairs, a packing- box turned on end, with a few shelves made to serve as a cupboard, and a bed covered with a red cotton spread. The pillow-cases were clean, even white ; and the table- cover, of a i-ed and grey chequered pattern, w.ts also clean. A small coal- oil-lamp cast a dim and sickly light about the? room. . The young man threw himself into a chair, covered his face with his hands, while his whole frame shook with the violence of his emotion. But the woman- although tears. began";;to glisten on her cheeks, for rio one 6ut a human monster could have remained insensible to such grief and humilia tion— steped i-oftly from, cupboard to table, and from table to cupboard, placing before her guest a loaf of bread, a bit of cheese, a pat of butter, and part of a round of cold corned i-eef. And when, all things in readi ness, she touched his shoulder, saying, Come, eat now ; and he, lifting his head from his arms, would fain have thanked her, she added : Don't bo$her to say anything, my boy; eat now, eat. % % i Then, the rciom beipg so small, and not knowing how otherwise to occupy herself while lie was- eating, fearful that lie might think her watching him, she went on her knees before the pretence of a fire that flickered in the little stove, — now audibly blowing it into flame, now furtively glancing over her shoulder at her visitor, who, unmindful of her presence, ate like one who was famisliing. Suddenly she bethought herself of something ; and, rising, went to the cupboard, prepared some coffee, and put it on the. fire. What was 1 thinking of, she said, not to have made you a cup of coffee the first thing ! But it will be ready in a moment. His hunger partially appeased, the young man leaned back in his chair and answered simply. Thank you ! 1 shall enjoy it very much. 1 do not know when anything seemed so delightful to me as the smell of that boiling coff e. Soon she brought him the steaming cup; and when he had taken it from her, and was supping it slowly, she sat down at the opposite side of the table, and watched him as he drank it, her poor heart filled with a purer and kindlier emotion than it hod known for many a year . And . as her eye wandered to the long, pale, well-kept hand resting lightly on the table, and from thence to the fine, delicate, ideal boyish, face, taking in the rosy, trans parent skin, the clear, frank eyes, and the softly- waving, thick bronze hair, she thought of the angels, of St . John the beloved, of the Christ whom she had forgotten for so long, so very I long, that she herself had lost record of the years. But she looked at him with eyes that seemed far away, and he was not at a'l conscious oi her gaze. This may have been partly because, on his side, he was considering her. He saw — he could not help seeing — before him a woman of the lowest order of those whom their more fortunate sis ters pass daily with averted eyes ; a woman who in her best and brightest days could never have been beautiful ; a woman with thick, sensual features ; a coarse, gruff voice, — a pariah of the streets. But the young man who was a true Christian as well as a romantic writer of verse, regarded her with a recogni- ' tion of gratitude which almost ap proached tenderness. Having finished his eoffee, she offered him another cup, which he refused, gently ; and then, not without timidity, he asked her name. She did not reply immediately. Leaning her head on her hands, she looked at him as though in deep re flection. At length she said : JYhy should I tell you my name ? There can be nothing in common be tween a gentleman like you and a woman of my kind. I am not, I never was, anything but a poor, plain, ignor ant girl. But what you have done for me this night was worthy of the angels, said the poet' I can never forget it, and I should like to know your name. A smile illumined the rugged face, which gr.jw giave again as suddenly, while she said : What I have done amounts to noth ing. Any one who was not a beast would have done as much, I wish I had more to offer you ; for now it is to-morrow that you must be thinking of, my boy. To-morrow ! cried the young man, with the ring of hope in his fresh, clear voice. I can face it now. You are young, she said. You have courage do not let go of it. You are good." Youth, courage, goodness, — these are three treasures in your hand. What - what is your work, if I am not too bold. I am a maker of verses, he answered. A. poor business, you will think. Oh! she said, simply. You write songs. I have heard of much money being made in that way. Have cour age and patience, and you will suc ceed. . He rose to go. Will you not tell me you name ? he said. He wore a black fob -chain; her eye caught the glitter of some thing dangling from it. What is that ? she asked, pointing to it. Are you a Catholic. Yes, he replied, touching the silver medal which had attracted her at tention. Go at once to Father Desmoulms, at the Jesuits, she said, with eager ness. Promise me that >ou will go there, lie is so good, lie will help you. Thanks! I promise, he replied. And y0U — do you know him 1 Only as the devils in hell know the angels in Heaven, she answered, with \ bitterness. But I have seen him from a distance, and I have heard of him .often, and I know that he is good. The young man took his hat from tho wall, where he had hung it upon entering. One© more, will you not tell me your name 1 he asked. She regarded him kindly, aS one | imi»ht look at a persistent child. I They call me Mag, she said. But., if you don't mind — she hesitated, and I her voice trembled, as across the black 1 desert of memory there swept a vision of a happy child, a pleasant 1 onie, a mother's fabe,— if you don't mind, I would rather you thought of me as Margaret. There was nothing left now but to go. Thank you, and God bless you ! he said, standing on the threshold of the open door, through which he had en tered cold, miserable and hungry ; through which he was departing warm, well fed, and able once more to take up life's weighty burden. Something dropped into his pocket. Take it, she said, 'Tis but little, but it will pay lor a bed. Go down softly and walk away quickly, — this is a dangerous neighbourhood. Then, with the soul of the Christian and the heart of the poet, he took the hand of the Samaritan woman in his own — that rough, hard, unlovely hand, so long untouched save by the reprob ate and fallen, like herself, — and bind ing low above it, he kissed it as rev erently and respectfully as though it had been the hand of a queen. And, flitting hurriedly down the ricketty stairway, he went out into the night. They never met again. As he had promised her he would, on the morrow he sought the good Jesuit of whom she had told him ; but, with the reserve of a proud soul and the un conscious egotism of a youthful one, he left that portion of his story which concerned her all untold. Still the thought of her never left his memory. And she ? After the impress of those young, pure, grateful lips and burned and scorched her hand until she could no longer endure the sights and sounds about her, or the bitterness of her lot, or the haunting whips of memory and remorse, — she, too, sought the charitable priest, imploring him to find her some way out of her miserable existence. Cut a kind of loyalty to him who had been her un wonted guest, added to a feeling of delicacy which prompted her to leave untold the episode of his privation, as well as a sense of her own unworthi- ness, prevented her from relating th'> t portion of her story, although she would have given much to know that all was well with him . And, strangest of all the strange things which make truth mure a fairy tale than fiction, he livod and died within a stone'sthrow of the House of Penitence where she, in her deep abasement, not taking any merit to herself, pruying for him daily, think ing of him as a heaven-sent angel, also lived and died in the peace of God and the hope of life everlasting. — Ave Maria. 