THE GHOST OF MADAME JAHN. How we all stared, how frightened we were, how we passed opinions, on that morning when Gustave Herbout was found swinging by the neck from the ceiling of his bedroom. Only last week he bad inherited all the money of his aunt, Madame Jahn, together with her house aad the shop with five assistants, and life looked fair enough for him. Besides, his anut's death had happened in a time when Gastave was in sore straits for money. To be sure, he had his salary from the bank in which be worked; but what is a mere salary lo ooe who, like Gust aw, threw off the clerkly habit when working hours were over, to assume the dress and lounge of the accustomed boulevardier. Gastave strolled along the Boulevard des Cspucines in a study. When he had passed through the deserted Faubourg, and had come to the house behind the shop, he found his annt only very pleased to see him, and a little surprised. So he sat with her, and listened to her gentle, homely stories, and told lies about himself and his manner of life, till the clock struck eleven. Then h3 rose ; and Madame Jahn rose too, and went to her writing-desk and opened a small drawer. " You have been very kind to a lonely old woman to-night, my Gustave," said Madame Jahn, smiling. " How sweet of you to say that, deare6t aunt!" replied Gustave. He went over and passed his arm caressingly across her Bhouldere, and stabbed her in the heart. On the night after the funeral Gustave was sitting alone before the fire in Madame Jabn's room, smoking and making his plans. He thought that, when all this wretched mock grief ani pretence of decorum was over, he would again visit the cafes which he greatly favoured, and the little Mademoiselle with yellow hair would once more smile on him delicious smiles gleaming with regard. Thus he was thinking when the clock on the mantelpiece tinkled eleven ; and at that moment a very singular thing happened. The door was suddenly opened; & girl came in, walked straight over to the writing-desk, pulled out the small drawer, and then sat staring at the man by the fire. She was distinctly beautiful; although there was a certain old-fashionedness in her peculiar silken dress, and her habit of wearing her hair. It might have been sn hour that he sat there; and then, the silence becoming too horrible, Gustave, by a supreme tffort of his wonderful courage, rushed out of the room and upstairs to get his hat. There, in the murdered aunt's bedroom— there, smiling at him from the wall—was a vivid presentment of the dread vision that sat below—a portrait of Madame Jahn as a young girl. He fled into the streets, and walked perhapB two miles before he thought at all. Bat when he did think, he found tbat he was drawn against his will back to the house to see if it was still there ; just as the police here believe a murderer is drawn to the Morgue to view the body of his victim. Yes, the girl was there still, with her great reproachful eyes; and throughout that solemn night Gustave, haggard and mule, eat glaring at her. Towards dawn he fell into an uneasy doze ; and when be awoke, with a Bcream, he found that the girl was gone. And all day long he croncbed by the fire shuddering and all the night till eleven o'clock ; and the figure of his aunt came to him again, but always a little older and more withered. And this went on for five days, the figure that eat with him becoming older and older as tbe days ran ; till, on the sixth night he gazed through the hours at his annt as she was on the night he killed her. On these nights he used sometimes to start up and make for the street swearing never to return j bnt always he would be dragged back to the eyes. The police came to know him fer these night walks and the people began to notice his bad looks. On the seventh night there was a delay of about five minttteB after the clock had rang eleven before the door was opened. And then—then, merciful God! the body of a woman in grave-clothes came into the room as if borne by unseen men, and lay in the air across the writing-desk, while the small drawer flew open of its own accord. Yes, these was the shroud of the brown scapular, the prim white cap, the hands folded on tbe shrunken breast. Gustave raised himself up and went over to look for the eyes. When he eaw them pressed ffitt peo«ieg| be jreeled focfe and nearly fell into the gate. Then, blind and sick and loathing, he stumbled upstairs. But as he passed by Madame Jahn's bedroom the corpse came out to meet him with the eyes closed and the pennies pressing them down. Then at last, with his tongue lolling out, Gastave breathed : Are you alive ?" " No, no!" wailed the thing, with a burst of awful weeping " I have been dead many days."—A bridged from The Senate. 