FORTUNES IN THE / CRUCIBLE, - -_ JSP 'I'll talk to you all the afternoon it you'll just wait while I granulate Home Bilver,' a refiner said the other afternoon to our reporter who oalled upon him in hia dingy little basement and asked him to re veal some of the .interesting features of hia trade. ' It will only take a few minutes, and if. you care to Bee the operation, oonW along.' The refiner led the way to the back p-rt ot the basement where one of three hri--;- fur naces was sending a pleasant kIow tl.. .uabr the red-hot lid which dosed an openrt i» iir its roof. This lid the refiner shoved 1 jide. and, peering through the opening. 1 « ? porter saw a crucible surrounded h- ?? bnrning ata yellow heat' and r-.V.ud \\. ; trembling liquid, in which were some metui artioles whose shape had not yet been en-', tirely lost. One was, very clearly, a small box. Another looked like the ghost of a ' baby's birthday Bpooa; a third faded away before tha mind could well determine whit 1 it resembled most, and then suddenly the' gfeoBt of the spoon and the box vanished, and all the crucible contained was a quart or so: of sparkling, danoing liquid, with a trifle of! thin eoum at its edges. The refiner tossed,' two little bits of borax into the crucible and then the aouin disappeared. He replaced the lid of the furnace and selected one cf several pairs of the queerly -shaped tongs ranged against the wall behind him. Witbi this he in a moment lifted the crucible from the fire and poured ita contents slowly is., j .1 large tin yeesel filled with water. Five minutes later his assistant, to whom he left the remainder of the work, brought to the front part of the basement » frying pan full of what, though much brighter, looked like those irregular shaped lumps of lead which superstitious young people auielt on AU- Hallow'een in the hope of striking tho coming true love initial. ' This,' said the refiner, as he lifted up & handful of it 1 and held it to the light from the street, ' is the silver, suoh as _I sell to ? the jewellers. There are about 150 ounces oi ,tt there.' ' And before it went into the pot, whai W33 it V 'Quite a variety of artioles went to pro duce that lot. Let rne see ; there were tw-- snuff-boxes, five watoh-eases, a baby's Bpoor thrae spectacle cases, two baby mugs, sonif mutilated coin, four medals, aome familj plate, supposed to be sterling silver, but ir; reality only plated ware; four chain*, r. copple of finger rings and sundry other things which I cannot call to mind. Loo':, in any well-stocked pawn-broker's window and you will get a oorrect idea of what is 1 the shape of old gold and silver cornea to u to be smelted down into merchantable metai. , During the talk which the reporter ha-' with the refiner he learned that the busineB: of converting old-fashioned, worn-out an#i broken artioles of jewellery and other manu factured forms of the precious metals in; ? bullion is a very important industry, hard' ? a large oity being without its refinery. A 1 the year round the supply of gold and silvr ware and jewellery keeps coming into the places from all parts of the country. Evei ' '; city of any importance sends along conssg; ment after consignment of the stuff, at still it seems to be inexhaustible, and the' are large and wealthy firms which do no : fining, but confine themselves solely to ' work of accumulating stock, These ; known to the trade as dealers. - The rapidity in whioh the fashion ... modern jewellery obanges iB the prinoipr. oauBe of this lively trade. The hairloo. fanoy has no application to jewellery nowi ? days. A grandfather's clock may, now thf that dreadful song is no longer heard, inspii . a dutiful grandson with feeling of veneratioi. or even affection, but a grandmother's watch or still worse, her earrings or long neck' chain, would not fail to be greeted wi}'- ? '. disdainful toss of the head if ilTered iu a - . granddaughter advanced in her teens. In ten years at most an article of jewellery willi have gone out of fashion, and, however re gretfully, it goes sooner or later to the re finer's pot. The jewellers, who, nest to the pawn brokers, are the most active cr.t;-;:r? for the refiner and dealer, promote the retiring oi old jewellery whenever an opportunity offers, A customer brings in an old watch to be re paired. In ctn minutes the jeweller has per suaded him to part with it for what its metal case will bring as part payment of a nev. watoh. The sale made, the jeweller puts tbi works into a cheap modern case and add the old case to the collection ot gold am; silverware whioh he is making for thr refiner. This is a profitable transaction for the jeweller, who generally Bells the combi nation of old works and new case at a fiui profit. Other things whioh go to the jewel ler's sorap-box are broken jewellery, ode parts of sets, worn down finger rings, medalr won on the battlefields by aoldiers or on tht oinderpath by amateur athletes, marrec pieces of gold and silverware of all descrip tions. A large majority of the unredeemed pledges left in the pawnbroker's hands arc ruthlesely turned over to the refiner. The bulk of the jewellery taken to him i' old-fashioned. His taken to him for that reason, and the loans made are always basej simply on the value of the article as old gold or silver. They will be even more oldfas hioned by the time the pawnbroker is free to do what he pleases with them. Both he anu the jeweller keep a keen eye open to -the chance of becoming the possessors of an ' antique' piece of ware, but this outs no figure in the dealer's or refiner's calcula tions. All that comes to his net i3 simply bo muoh out of date, unaervics able metal. And there is another con sideration which keeps hia curioaity re garding his purchase at a low ebb. He conducts hia business purely upon a 'm-- [ questions asked ' basis. He does not 1 ? prying here and there for an init?-!' ;' ..-_ might reveal a clue to a recent wvi.auiu tised burglary. He has the highest justhority for his policy of discretion. The government does business on the same plan. It receives by express from anybody who chooBes to send it gold and silver stock ..: any of its mints and assay offices, and it retumu^fuil value for it to the name ami address given by its customer. It never attempts to go La bind the returns. This is thoroughly well understood by thieves, who, having taken the precaution to batter their gold and silver spoils into shapeless masses of metal, invari ably treat the mint in preference to private establishments. In a certain New England town a man shot himself. A coroner hearing of the faot, and still in ignorance whethtr death had oc curred, summoned a jury and hastened to the place, only to find the man alive. Select ing the nearest saloon as a waiting-place, the coroner and bis jury remained there un til the man was dead, employing a boy in the neighborhood to keep them informed ae to the man's condition until he had ceased to breathe, when they proceeded with the in quest. In another place, the body of a drowned man waB towed aoross a mill-pond from one town to another, to save the first town, in which the body was found, the ex pense of inquest fees. Andrew Ducrow (of Astley's famous ' horso opera ' in London) was noted for a ' ' 'J profound contempt for the literary part of the drama. ' Cut the dialect (dialogue) and ? _? come to the 'obbbb,' was his favorite direo tion. During the rehearsal of an equestrian piece one morning, after listening with growing impatience to a ' long dialogue be tween two leading actors, he at last broke in with : ' Hold hard, gentlemen ; here's a deal of cackle without any good in it. I'll show you bow to . cut it. You Bay .' Yield thee, Englishman.' Then you . (indicating tha other) answer, ' Never.' Then you say, 'Obstinate Englishman, you die.' Then you both fights. - There, that settlee the matter; the audience will underntand you ?» great deal beUer, and the poor 'o8Bes won't *. catch cold while you're jawing,' I ' , -' t. '' 