. By Mes. Turning^om tlieroad into a lane, he walked ajfew yarda|down it untilhe came to the5Bwing gate^s ' Yes, this is better than the dusty road,' he thought, as he : After a moment's jiesita tion—iwo/or : three paths branched off froiri ihe jgates—he took the one which Be^edtorun in the direction the man 'Not. much traffic here; lo pot seem to avail themBelves vpr^Erequently of the shortcut,' he was telling "inmBelf, as he noticed how raukly iSfegrass overgrew the path. It was get tdusfr,; &>id ,the, wide-spreading. ofd Cut out nearly all the remaining _ _ was. ■ . Aahe.walked on in the deepening dark seaBi iheihushof everything around him -=Bvenhisown footsteps were soundless on^&heyielding; turf—began, to make itselffelti : The deep Bilence was becom ing aim (^oppressive. 'When, presently, there Jroke^ipon.the stillness the sound <^^ine?cre^ping thing getting out of his way, aid> jBBquirrel scurried off amongst the leaves, hewas ior the the moment, as startled as though he had heard a pistol shot. He realised-ashe had never done, trnn^et-tongued aolitudeof the woods." But glades and open spaces were com ingintoview, and the moon almostat its full, was^eginningto flood them with its soft whiteMdiiwifte, at; i]iB>.Bame< time j rendering the shadow-land in, which he walked^Omnaer-iindinore mysterious. , ;"VPhatascene ! Beyond, amidst the trees, stood out.a stately old battlemented stone mansion, looking in. this pale light like i a monument, of the dead past—no sign of j life within. AJn- Cliahceiy, Manning said—some mystery about it. It looks mysterious j enough-—he was thinking. ' The whole j place has a gloomy, > uncanny look about it in this' Ij^it. If one believed in But I am approaching the house; I must have taken, the wrong turning, after all. Awkward to Iobs one's way in a place like this.' v He, jstood still, looking about him ini some perplexity for a' few moments, j Suddenly he became aware that someone j was standing beneath a -tree near where he was: a man tall, slight, and, so far as he could see in that dim light, elderly, \- and quaintly attired in the fashon of some forty ~:or-fifty years • previously. ' A gentleman,9 thought Dorrington. ,*<^an you pnt me in the way for the \ T^^&Tntipnflter;'B End ?' he asked, nosing j his hat, as the other turned slightly to wards him. / In a low voice—speaking, Dorrington landed;'like one to whom speech did not! come readily—he replied:. 'Follow me,1 moving quietly on as he spoke. ' Thankyou. A beautiful place this,' went on Dorrington,: as he turned to j accompany the other, passing silently on. < They, turned into a broad avenue, bordered by triple rows of elms, running at right angles with the path they had quitted. * Odd,' thought Dorrington ; ' all this looks quite familiar to me ; Iseemtohave been here before. This avenue, the j house, and the lake down there glittering i amongst the trees. Where Ah, my dream 1 How like the reality!' 'The link between.' A little startled, Dorrington looked hastily . round. Had the words been spoken, or had he only fancied he heard them? A .strange, uncanny feeling was beginning to steal over him, To h«*r the j sound of his own voice, he presently said: * This place is in Chancery, I hear; and j the . large funded property without an owner.' ' A wrong done.' 'Indeed 1' ejaculated Dorrington, iin- ■ pressed without being able to understand precisely why; wondering what land of man this might be to talk in such mys terious fashion. They moved on in silence again, until it was broken by Dorrington, who suddenly exclaimed: '{Why we are close .to the house. This i cannot be the right way. Did you under sold that I Want to go to the village ?' * You are wanted here.' <M For what?" * Follow.' 'I do not understand,' replied the young man, telling himself that he must have got into the hands of a madman; tot conscious the while of an undercurrent j of feeling to which he shrank from giving a same; * I fancy that if I wsre to cross the glade there, and down through the wood in that direction*—he thought, pausing and looking back—' Yes; surely those lights down' there must be in the village.' 'Follow me.' Again the words sounded as though they-were-breathed rather than spoken, although they were clear to his mental apprehension. Once more Niel looked ronndat (the other, but somehow failed to obtain a more distinct impression than he had previously gained. * There can be nothing for me to do op there,' he mur mured, feeling at: the same time that, for sjbme-unaccountable reason, go he must. Impelled, he knew not how or why, he walked on again, telling himself, with a he n;as.not to be permitted to use'his own will" in the matter!" j They were drawing very near to the house, :andas .they crossed what-had been an Italian garden laid out in the old fashioned way;/with terraces, low balus trades, quaintly cut yew trees, which had almost lost their original shape, and stone siatueBand. vases—some overturned and half-hidden' in the long, rank grass—he noticed a great oriel window giving upon ; the tfaraice, the lower part of which was ©pen. y. ■■■ i siSamyflteriouB guide moved straight towards it, and-with a gesture of his hand, seemed to invite the other to enter. 2^el hesitated, looking doubtfully into ifie room ; then, after a moment, obeyed 'the gently impelling pressure of a hand upon .'his. arin, and went in. A large iibgajgr, riofty,. finely proportioned, .and its shelves apparently, well filled, but with tiie indescribably forlorn appearance of fcavu^ioBtg been disced. ' His senses were keenly on ,the alert, and his^cuioosity aroused by ; the other's. airof myBteiy. 4 You say I am wanted here. In what way can I be of use ? . -'.Agreat wrong done.' ' You said that before,' thought Kiel. 'It is for you to undo it.' i 'How ^'striving once more to" keep off j the gene feeling stealing upon Mm: '..Take, it-- down,' pointing to a large volume on one, of the shelves. To his owngreat surprise, ITeil mechani cally took^own the . volume, and placed it on the table. 'Page twoiundred.' Kiel looked round at him. ' Does place belong to yon ?J 'Once.' •Then why do you not look yourself?' No reply. * He is mad,' thought Dorrington. ' Yes, it must be that,' still trying to keep off another and more gruesome suspicion which again suggested itself. He felt his hand impelled towards the book. •Page two hundred.' It opened at the page, easily enough, and Kiel saw a sealed packet. 'Take it.' His nerves^were at their utmost tension, Kiel's fingers closed over the packet. 'What do you wish me to do with this?' . * ' Right—the—wrong,5 the words sound ing more faintly now, but Btill clear enough to Niel'a mental apprehension. * You must tell me more than you have yet done first,' turning to face the other. No one I The moonlight streaming in showed him that he stood alone. He strode the lenght of the room. ' Where are you ?' he exclaimed. ' What trick are you trying to play upon me? Do you think I will carry off this packet, to which I have no right, without knowing more?' ' Right the wrong.' * Right the wrong.' . For answer Neil threw the packet on to the table, went to the bell, and rang it vigorously for a few seconds. The sound, coming from some distance,' faintly echo ing along passages, reached his ears. He stood sternly waiting. '^Dead siience! fie rang again and again, with the same result. Then with a sudden access ofmhathe;*raB iiotiai&Brr; wards ashamed to call a panic he -rusbed out on to the terrace. WaB it the chill night air? As he emerged from the house a cold shiver passed over him; and then—the packet he had thrown on to the table, and cer tainly had not taken up again, was in his hand, .and the word c Remember' came softly sighing to his ears. ; Hardly knowing which way he took in his haste to get away, he sped down the avenue and through the woods. Was the figure he had seen that of one who be longed to another world? Dorrington had hitherto been as sceptical of the pos sibility of such cummunications as were the generality of'the people of the world in which he lived. But now ! It was with a deep breath of relief that he fouud himself after a while—how long, he knew not, nor how he had contrived to got into the right way again—at the swing gate which gave upon the village. ■' On emerging into the road, he saw a few people about; and on inquiring his way to the " Ram's Head," found that it was but a few. steps across the green from where he stood. How welcome were the everyday sights and sounds: gossiping women grouped in twos and threes at cottage doors in the twilight; laughing and squabbling child ren ; cackling of geese ; and the " hisb, hish" of the hostler rubbing down a rest less horse, clattering about on the stones of the inn yard. Niel was shown into a cheerful, brightly lighted travellers'-room; and the inn keeper presently came in to receive his orders in person. ' Whatever the house affords, landlord,' he said, conscious of being himself human enough in the sudden need he felt for re freshment. * Just a Cutlet and a potato, as soon as yon can; and meanwhile bring in some of your wine. Missed my way in the. woods coming from the station, and felt a little run down. Have they sent my bag—Mr. Dorrington?' ' Yes, sir. They should not direct strangers to take the short cut through the woods. It is so easy to take the wrong turn and get lost for hours. Got a fright in the woods. I fancy—looks as though he had seen the ghost,' he thought bustling out for the wine, and in again. 'Sit down and take some with me,' said Dorrington. The landlord sat down willingly enough. 4 Wants to hear what I know about it,' he thought. ' And he is welcome to that adding, aloud, 'Rather a dreary walk through those woods at the beat of times. After sunset, folks about here prefer tak ing 'the road way, though it's longer. They do say that the old squire as was walks there.' * Heis dead?' 4 Sixteen years, and more, sir.' ■ 'Why is he supposed to haunt the place*?' 'Can't rest, it's thought. Something on his conscience when he died.' \- The words ' Right the wrong 1' repeated themselves in Dorrington's brain. ' The old squire—he was very nearly eighty when he died—had his ways. He was a good master to those who served him well, and without question; but hard, sir, hard. Cared for little besides money, and what he called keeping up the old name. He was nearly fifty when he married ; and people said he wouldn't then, but for the hope of having an heir to inherit his wealth, though his wife was a lady any man might have been proud of, for she was young and beautiful, and gently born. Well, the squire had his wish one way, for a son Was born to them two years after the marriage. The .boy proved to be of the right sort too, not likely to be spoilt by his father. * Mrs. lienster was a gentle, right minded lady; and she made the most of -the time-while the boy was too young for companionship withTiis father, and was' supposed to be running wild. The old squire didn't set much value upon learn ing, beyond what was sufficient to make his son sharp and fitted to take good care of the wealth that was to come to him. ' But the lad favored his mother. When he was twelve years old, Mrs. Lenster died; and then his father took him in hand. But it was too late to undo the work she had done. The boy was clever, high-spirited, and generous; and could not be biought into his father's ways. In vain did the squire try to bend his son to Ms will. It only made the breach be tween them wider. He was jealous, too, of the boy's answering love for his mother; and, without knowing how to, set to work to win as much for himself. As time went oh, all this became more and more: evident. The youpg squire got on well at college, and was said to make plenty of friends there; but at home it was dull enough ; no visitor was welcome at the Park, and the great house was nearly aU shut up. for the squire grew more and more miserly, and kept but a very few servants. 'When the young man was five-and twenty, there was a great quarrel between him and his father. - The rights of it were notknown, but it was supposed that the son wanted to marry someone the father dis approved. The young man went away, and was, dared to enter the doors again, the squire vowing he would leave all he possessed to strangers. • I ' This was all that was known; except I that a year or two later came a letter to 7 the squire, which seemed to put a .seal to his anger. The servants were warned not to mention his son's name on penalty of instant dismissal; and he became'more stern and unsociable than ever. -Before another year had passed, came news of the-young man's death. He was brought there to be buried, and the old man must have felt more than he was supposed to feel, for he never spoke again, dying a few days afterwards from a stroke. 'It was the thought that something had occurred when he went to bring home his dead son, and that his mind was burdened by the recollection of some wrong done, for at the last he was very anxious to speak to those about him. He strove hard to make himself understood; but in vain. He died with the secret, whatever it. was, unrevealed. Moreover, no will was found: it was supposed he had destroyed it, for he was seen tearing up , and burning papers on his return from the funeral. Do yon happen to know any of the family, sir? A good old stock, the LenBters.' { * No ; I never to my knowledge heard the name until yesterday.' Finding that if the young main had any thing to tell, he was not in the mood to tell it, the landlord presently left him to his reflections. Dorrington took the packet that had so • mysteriously come into his possession from j his pocket. Yes, it was real enough, he thought, turning it over in his hands and examining it with curious eyes: a large envelope-fastened with a black seal—the impression upon which he supposed to be the Lenster crest—and containing appar i ently more than one letter. | No address or superscription of any ; kind ! Niel sat gazing-down at it, wonder-; ing what mystery it contained; but: ^curious as he was, not choosing to break ; I the seal. I What to do 1 What if he were to take the packet to Sherrard, and ask his ad vice ? ' That's what I will do,' he presently decided, putting it into his pocket as j dinner was announced. After attempting a cigar, which did not quite come up to his expectations in com parison with the rest of the entertainment, he gave directions to be called in time to , catch the morning express at the junction, i went to his room, and this time slept throughthe night without any disturbing dream. (To be continued.) 