TOPICS OF THE HOUR. By 'AsmodeuS'' 'A smoSens' regales his readers with a fcatoh of Amorous Aneodotes, prominent amongst whioh is his depiction of the olronmstanoes nnder whioh Sir Henry Parfces one* more ' Added to the List.' 'Oct, he wanted something to play with, something to love and adore; something sweet and something neat he never possessed before; Oh-h ! 1 — What am 1 giving you now ? 'Well, perhaps I am a little bit off this morning* The fact is 1 have been keep ing my end of tbe wedding festivities up with Old Sir 5Eary and tbe New Lady l'arkcs at Keniiworth, and of course I am as full of ? Love's Young Dream ' as a Kent-street goat is full of garbage — putting the matter poetically, as that sweet singer, Srenry, him self would eay- * * * *uu ovrav vv gov uiumvu, auu some run away to got unmarried, but every one mast now admit that Srenry is fairlv entitled to be styled the U«0.hT.hf« or Grand Old Marrying Man of Australia. As a rule men who top foar Bcore years turn their thought gravely to the securing of a nice, oozy, well-drained little epot to be buried in ; but Srenry isn't built that way at all. His thoughts lightly turn to love, and cither by reason of the beauty of his person or the magic of his honeyed words he *gotB there/ as the' saying goes, as quickly as though he possessed eome wonderful philtre which com pelled any woman who partook of it to rush to his arms and gloat on his charms and stick to his heart like & glue-pot. (It iB wonderful how naturally one drops into poesy after hobnobbing with a poet). * ? * Some years ago Srenry bo&stingly; declared that if he were spared a little longer he would knock the reoord of the Great Napoleon into tbe farthest corner of a cocked hat. Now his great ambition appears to be to break the' matrimonial record of Henry VIII, and to make old Brigham Young, squirm in his .grave as well. It is wonderful how he does it, but he does ; and just as*his friends are preparing for a funeral, he pops up as fresh as paint and begins to send cards out for another wedding* In the last 'Review of Reviews'' Parson Fitcbett dropped a little deluge of salt tears oyer 'what may well bo, alas! Sir Henry Parkes'e final songs/ and then with a closing sob the well-fooled Fitchett quoted SreUry's ' last dying strains';— Weary, weary Heart ! Lacerated, crushed, sad dumb, When will rest unbroken couie ? » » -# - That's all Brother Fitchett ksew about the fares. There's a lot of go yet in the old party who stole and mangled Emperor Adrian's dainty A nimula, vagula blandula '. — ' Dear, fiutterisg, fleeting soul of mine ! ' When I loft Srenry lost he was capering round in imitation of Bradfleld, and singing 'Oh, she wanted something to play with, something' 'to love and adore ! ' And if he had the real poetio ability he would -hare re eohoed old Auacreea's song : — ? Yes, this 1 know, and this 1 feel, -Afl -onward to the tomb I etoal, .-That still, as death approaches nearer, ' The Joys oi love are sweeter, dearer ; '* And hadl bnt one hour to live, That one brief time to Love I'd give. ? * w Some persons have found fault with Srenry for hooking to on the matrimonial yoke so soon — for being, as the Danish orank would say, so thrifty as to have the ' funeral baked meats ' served up as dry hash on the marriage tables; bat if Srenry is satisfied I don't sea why anyone else should buck, or kick, or growl. Srenry can't bave very much time to waste on courtship now; and anyway, I believe in 'allowing every men to squeeze his own boil,' as we say in the culcbawed Austral salons. Solomon declared that 'a good wife ib a crown to her husband,' hut a wife who is also a good cook is worth four crownB or even 30s. to-day, and if Australian girls have sense they will turn up high art culture and take lessons in the cookery schools instead, 'How can I retain my husband's love for ever ' ? asked a trembling young bride on her wedding day, and instantly an experienced old dame, who had been there herself, exclaimed, ' Feed the brnte well ; that's all.' Tho devil him self couldn't give sounder advice than that. ... One of our weakly dalies says: — 'Sir Henry is reported to be undeniably attached by the ties of lore to his new mistress.' That, how ever, is a vulgar eordid way of stating tho case, end I fancy the horse reporter, or tbe commercial editor mnst have been turned on to write up that notice. It reminds me painfully of an unfortunate country editor who once eaid, ? We can never leave thie dean old town. There are ties that bind ub here. We don't care to say what these ties are, but the town-clerk knowe all about them. ? * . Another sillyscribe cays: — '.The third Lady Farkes is of a fine figure, wonderfully healthy, and she has been a great favorite with Sir Henry sinoe tbe first day ehe entered hie household.' Tbe latter part of that sentence gives an old but very rosy little game away at once, and the result of it is that no mistress will engage a .maid now unless the latter is fiery-headsd, orossed-eyed, web-footed, tuxkey-crawed, and at least 47 ysars of age. Black gins will be ^at a premium, and the trim dainty duck of a girl will not be allowed about a house, even though ibe is willing to give her servioes far nix. Nothing is likely to make seme husbands mora attached to their homes than the sunny presence of a bright qyed, well-shaped, servant maid, but un fortunately very fsw wives are so considerate to-day as Mre. Abraham was when she drew her husband's attention to tha-ehapely form of her headmaid Agar, the Egyptian, 'and bade him make love to that attraotivo little lady. Abraham was 86 at the time, but Mrs. Abraham's suggestion met with gnat luooaee. ? * * The good-looking shapely girls need not despair, however, for Beauty, like Tnnrs, though crushed to earth (by Bhel notions and the like) will rise again, and yon can take it from me, girle, that so far as securing a wedding-ring is conoerned, a pair of well tnrned ankles is far more desirable than a ton of High Sohool education. If yon want any proof of this I can quote the ease of the handsome Claire Heighten, of the 'Gaiety,' who woe married the other day to the eon of one of our heaviest millionaires, and now the charming little Laura Kearney (one of the bright-eyed 'Killarney' Kearneys) it to be united by the only silken bonds to a Sydney Capting who is undoubtedly 'an officah and a gentlemen.' I don't mean to insinuate that these ladies are not brainy a3 well ee beautiful, but I merely quote them as proof of my theory that Beauty comes out on top every time. .* ? * * You remember the Living Dictum ladies who caused such a furore amongst the beld heade and the gilded young J.okanies here some little time ego ? Well, how did they ? cop out ' (as we say in the Council) whan the time came for the ringing of tho belles I Here ie a reliable list which says. Picture No. 1, 'Piccadilly Curl,' married a Melbourne millionaire — such aB they are in Melbourne now-a-days. No. 2, a boautoous blonde, was snapped up by a young Scotch wool-buyer, and went off with him to tho stern wild lend of haggis and heather. No. 3, a frisky Richmond belle, who could turn off a gas-jet with a toe-kiek, bagged a wealthy English globe trotter. No. 4, ' Psyche/ married a plutocrat from tho land of pop-corn and Presidents, and her sister haB just been engaged to a London Johnny who is some thing in the Peerage. The lesson to be learnt from all this, dear girle, is cultivate limbs, not learning; for, ss I before hinted, tho woman who displays a fine figure scores far heavier in the. matrimonial arena than tbe woman who can gobble Greek or takes to Euclid even as a chicken takes to worms. rBe virtuous and you will be happy — perhaps. Be beautiful and yon will have a . kiss-in-the-ring time — as long as your beauty lasts. I left 'Keniiworth' in something of a hurry la9t night, because Srenry always insists on assembling his household and reading a chunk of the Bible for them just before goiug to roost. And my luck . must have been out too, for the very first roof I peeped into showed me another family engaged iu that aometfmes uncongenial pursuit of . Bible reading,,.,, jtlwMi.1euch £ swellieh place that f fully expected io find the company playing baccarat; but instead, of that the family were seated round a table, at the head of which a eolomn old grey-beard, who knowe hie way about in the Stock Exchange, was reading aloud the Biblical account of the marriage of the yonng Tobias with .Sarah, the daughter of Raguel, who had previously buried seven husbands, all. of whom died on -their nuptial nights and (ere you.lietening Coroner Woore?) were buried next morning in their father-in-laws backyard .without aa inquest being held to ascertain .whether tbey died from an overdose of joy or arsenic.. . Tbe reader referred to and most of his audience were evidently . much impressed with the solemnity of the subject before, them, but when the aid man came to that portion of tbe etory which relatoe how the good young TobiaB proposed to hiB brido that they ehould pass the firet three nights in prayer, en irreverent young, cub at tbe bottom of the table squeaked out, ? Oh, I say, tbey weren't up-to-date in thoee days were tbey f ' He was up to hia bedroom, accompanied by bis sire and a strap in three seconds after that, and for obvioua reasons the young imp has slept on hie stomach ever eince. * . ? * In the next shade I looked into there set a young couple who had been married exactly twelve months and- a day. Marriage had evidently been something of a failure iu this instance, for the ehadow of despair could already be seen on tbe wife's fair face, while the husband looked as bored and wearied as if he had just waded through thirteen columns of the Dean caee. Presently, for want of comething else to do, he aeked, without even turning to look at the woman he once adored — ? Annie, do you remember the first night we met? ' ? ? * InBtantly the woman was aroused from her lethargy, juet as if she had experienced a sharp electric shock, and her bright eyes flashed with something of their old light es ehe replied, ' Indeed, Dick, I do I ' 'I was a bit off then, wasn't I?' drawled Dick. 'Wonder no one thought of looking me up for being a wild iuastic at Jsrge. Dut that wa a nothing to the night I rowed you round our lovely harbor was it ? ' The young wife made no reply to that. She was thinking of some thing in the roseate realms of tbe past And judging by tho way her lips quivered, ehe was doing some very hard thinking too. * * * Not having any eyes in tho back of his head the husband saw nothing of thie, bnt droned on, 'What a d — d all- round aes I made of-myeelf that night to be sore ! Took your hand or something of that sort, I think; and eaid I felt so utterly lonsly until I met you; how the world wes all a blank until the bright sun of your presence had made it' a Paradise to xqa J God 1 I most have eiokened even the sharks that night; I fancy. How the devil you stood it; I don't know.' 'Perhaps you meant it the n ? ' suggested the wife. But Dick was bo rapt .in his own troubles that ha heard nothing of the pitiful query put and want on— ? * ? Then there was the ride home ia the cab from, the Mayor's Ball. Heavens ! What a lot of soulful slops I let out then. We wen to go hand-la-hand down the gnat highway of life I Never to get tired of kisses 1 Mine was a love that wonld grow and grow — snow- ball fashion I suppose, All I asked was leevs to sit at vout feet— to be your slave and worship yon I Osier's Ghost 1 . No woader the poor old horse palling the cab fell down and spilled us out in a mud-puddle, Of all the goldorned asses — but it'e no use thinking of that I Then the letters I wrote to yon, with, lamps of love and, lots of kisses I ' I wonder now if I oould hire the Sondan donkey to come and kick me by the honr ? ' ? ? ? Juet here the young wife race, and I shifted so ae to get well out of her range, There wen no tears in her eyes now, Her look was stern and her lips were an nglv rod where the teeth had held them. I don't like to be near a .woman who doesn't wdep when she is injured or insulted, She is deucedly apt to throw things. And when a woman starts throwing, even the devil himself can't tell what object she will hit. Placing one hand on- her husband's shoulder this young wife said, 'Don't tret eo much over tho past. You have at least one consolation in knowing that I was a far greater fool than you were.1 'How the h — 1 do you moke that out?1 exclaimed the husband ewinging round end staring at hie partner with evident surprise. ' Because I believed your words and married you I ' replied tbe wife. I left after that, end tried to remember how often I had witnessed a similar sorry Bcene and listened to similar withering warring words. ? ? o It must be poeeible to hove too much of s good thing after all, for during the hearing of a maintenance case just settled in 'Wellington, N.Z., a youthful eon and heir deposed, 'We'd be all right at home if mother wasn't always hugging and kissing father. Mother is always hugging end kissing father and he can't stand it.' The moment , the magistrate heard that, he seems to have concluded that the case was hopeless so far as any attempt to effeat a reconciliation was conoerned, for the old man was evidently one of the matter-of-fact, stringybark vaiiety who. simply ' wanted hie vittles regular,' while the old lady on her part wa9 of such a gushing disposition that ehe oould hug a ?mall Arotio ice-berg and thaw it into running watsr by the warmth of her 'embraces. She gave the old man burning kiesei when lie wanted cold corned beef and pickles, and ehe waa always throwing her arms round his neck and weeping, down hia back when she onght to bopuUing a. new dome in his jantaor seeking kerosene Into the bug nests 'in the woodeu bed-posts- Consequently an order was made for 10b. a week, and now thq much-hugged huSbsW attends - to his own pitching and cooking, and even tie local bobbies turn tail and run the moment they find ihemselvos in tbe vicinity of the anxious wife, Tuere was nothing ovei-drawa about the character of George Rignold of Canaan's 'mash,' Mrs. Potipher, after all ; bul'stiil, things seem to be a little -bit off when an excess of love is considered; a sufficient excuse to justify a matrimonial separation, , ? * * ? George Dean — you may have heard of him before ?—-George Dean wrole two letters to his .'own darling wife ' shortly after he wn9 first arrested for his arsenic antics, and each of these wound up with exaclly twenty-fiv» email crosees. 'When letters like these come before a Court they always occasion a lot of mild mirth amongst those who have the lui-k to be present. Tbe Ioarned limb of tho law whose bueiness it is to icad aloud sucil precious- documents generally paueee when l.c comes to the first broak in the guBhing episik. where the loving writor, finding words to ? weak to express his burning sentiment supplied their places with a long string »i symbolio osculations. With woll-foigna: innocence the legal gentleman then su t. 'there ie a. gap in -the Jottor here, which lin defendast has filled ia with x'e, regarding; the meaning of which eome gentleman mor-- learned in these weighty matters may, perhap*. enlighten me ' — as if he didn't know. Ti.-is some ' learned gentleman ' promptly does, t saying that 'if he ie rightly informed— a- has, of course, no pereonel knowledge of Hi ? matter — these mystic eigne signify kisses -n the language of Capid.' This timc-houorc foolery is greeted with the usual laugiit .. end if the learned Judge pan squeeze it. ?» little feeble joke about 'the x'e being n excellent idea,' or about 'the men who \v-. crossed in lore ' tho mirth riBes to a pitch wild delirium. Even a parson's hum would he applauded iu a Court-houee, be . this le probably due to the gay -surrounding of the place. Apropos to the shore an amorous good looking youn'g men, very impulsive and correspondingly near-sighted, was latc.y arrested in Liverpool (h'ng,), charged witu kissing a young lady, against her will, on lin public highway, and on the lips of couitc. The prisoner pleaded that the lady wee dreeseo in bloomer costume, topped off with a natiy little 'nan-nan ' hat, and ub he saw her rolling on her ' bike ' he mistook her for hie long-lost brother, and gave her one large-sized kiss of welcome and then threw in a few other Bpate 'checkers' as welL The magistrate having looked carefully at tho lady in her cyclic'; costume, thought this excuse was good enough and so he discharged the accused; and now the local tradesmen are hard at wotk night eu-': day endeavoring to keep up with the women's demands for bioycles and bloomers. They ml -want to be mistaken for long-lost brother.-, of course, ? * * The last of ay amorous anecdotes to-day falls of a oertain dairyman down South who recently had the misfortune to lose hie wii-, and ths funeral took place rather late in tho afternoon. The clergyman, feeling in good ' form, let hinaelf oat to the full extent of his thsologiosl tether for the oeoasion, and it ws- noticed by those around that the bereaved husband, who at first appeared to be lost is grief end careless of all earthly considerations, waa taking harried but extremely anxious glances at ths dsdining eun. At last he could stand the suspense no longer, and tugging tbe preacher's sleeve he whispered, 'I'm sorry 'o spile your exhortin', sir, bnt by cripes you'll have to cut it short; for I've got ali my bloomin' boars t' milk afore sundown 1 ' And so the rest of the 'exhortin' ' was done at s Caulfield Cop pace, and then the heartbroken widower jumped the cemetery fenoe and tore home to hie lonely bucket and solitary bail. Any man oan get a eecoed or even thirty-second wife nowadays, but it is sot so easy to replace the loss of a few good spot-sash customers, 