ATROCITIES IN ARMENIA TERRIBLE FATE OF A. PRIEST. PROOF OF THE DEATH-PIT. The M Special Commissioner" of tha u Daily Grapbio" lead# a two-column de spatch dated " 1'ifils, 12th February, " whioh furnishes ample confirmation of the story of flvndieh barbarity told by tbe special corre- spondent of tbo " Daily Tft'egrr.pU Speaking of the period wbeo the small body of protesting Armenians, tboir ammunition given out, had determined upon dispersal, the Commissioner wriloi " Wherever on Armenian was fouud— man, woman or child —no mercy was snown. Everybody w» put to tbe sword. In this mtn.hun- xhe Kurde joined, until Zekki Pasha gave tho eronal for a stoppage of tbe butchery." Then the Armenians, it seems, somehow got the idea that the Tartu were willing that they should return to their homes and live in peuce, "and some of tbcm actually descended the mountain and returned to their villages, to find them burnt and destroyed." " The peasants whom I interrogated, who eay they are from Galeguzatt," continues tbo correspondent, " stated that they went back to their awn village and arrived thore in time to witness the torrible death of a priest who waa flayed alive, and then forced at the point of the bayonet to dance aud sing. He died thns singinc psrims. ' " Tho hounu of the village Elder, or Rtih of Galeguzin was raised to the ground, and In its pUcoan enormous pit was dug, and 100 pea-auts— men, women, and obildrea— were driven into it, bayoneted, and buried while many of ibmu were still living," At the sight of tneae horrors a party of four escaped. These "determined to carry off anil protect from barm tbe pereoo of Polroft, tho village priest of Ualcguzan, who was much revered for his .piety, and enjoyed a wide reputation. This wise and pious man they teuk care of and hid te caves. Tiiey managed to cvadu tbo vigilance of the Turks for aotno time, but they were without food, except wheat, which they ate raw. Oue uiglit tncy made a fire and warmed the wheat by <t. Tuts lite botrayed them lo some Turkish soldiers who were hauling fugitives. Tbe peasant who told mo tbivsclzed the ono inuskot passesBod by tbo party ol Ave, jumped to the oioath of tho cave, and was on the point of firing at a Turk who was close upoo him, when the prieat implored him not to do flu. X am lorry I listened to him, said the peasant, for at that moment my mnsket was wrenched out of my hand I drew my dagger and plunged it into my opponent's body, the blood spouting mU ovor me. He grasped mo iu hi -i ma, and we both roiled down a steep precipice. 1 could hear tbe soldiers call upon mo to surrouder, but it was impossible for mo to stop. In rolling over tho sharp rooks of the procipic, my faov sod hands and body were turn. Wbon I leached tho uettom my opponent was dead. The Turks were watching me from above, hut could not follow. 1 could see them cut off my brother' ear. lie is alive now, »nd has escupod. The two other men escaped Also. " 4 Dot the priest/ tbo peaiant added, 'I Raw tbeui butcher ; hi bead was out open with two blows of the sword, given in tho tbape of a crocs, so that it was ptit into fuur nces. The then oroceodoil to cut tin hi# body in small circular bit.'" The remainder of tho party then escaped, but were ultimately captured and driven back to their viUaco, and these having been de stroyed, they wero finally hillelted upon poasants almost as poor as themselves. They had iu the mcaoMinu crisd, "Kill us as you killed tha others, for we aro dying of starvation," and one body tf soldiers to whom they hid made a similar appeal bad ironically replied, "You have now anew master, tbo Eogliih Consul. Gotenimasd ask him to giro you food." The correspondent suppli# examples of harbsrity that, as ha obsorves, "seem In- credible in these latter day# of tbouiaetesnth century." "For instance, ton girls were outraeed by Turkiili soldiers, who offered to marry them If they would change their religion. lbey refused, and were all cut up into piecos. " Many women threw llieinaolvoj from precipices to escapo froio Iho soldiers, and many killed their children to prevent them from falling iuto ilia hande of tho Turks." " Before leaving tho correspondent Jliese simplo peasant# fold him of the hvroic death of Krikor, the Ifo, or Etdor, of tho vli. Isiro of dbenik. This bravo follow bimsolf killed twenty .ono Turks before he fell, hit by a bullut, end when ho gave up the ghost there was a flash of light iu th# heavens, which was repeated several times, aud convinced the pious peasantry that his spirit was iuimo. diatoly taken up toheaveu aud la dwolliog with ths saint." Tbocorrosjioudcnt state that from a o&ro-; fully compiled Hit prepared by the surviving priests, it would appear that 12,850 tnsa, .women, nnd ohitdren trove disappeared. 