WHAT TWO GIRLS SAW. One evening I decided to pay a visit a little distance out of Sydney, and started about 8 o'clock accompanied by a lady friend. It was a beautiful moonlight night, so we determined to walk and enjoy the night air. We took a short cut, whioh led us over some rough ground and vacant lots to a deep cutting through a hill that rose high at the other end. When we entered the cutting, and had gone about thirty yards, I touched my companion, and said, ' Oh, Daisy ! Look ! Can you see anything at tho top of the hill ?' 'Yes,' she answered, 'lean see something like a boy or a little man looking down at us.' Before I could speak again he rushed down the hill with his two arms outstretched, and with an unearthly scream or laugh, shouted, 'I can help the girls along. I can help the girls along,' and attempted to catch hold of my arm, but with a shudder I moved away, and cried : ' You tonch me if you dare, and 1 will break my umbrella on your head !' and raised it threatingly as if to strike him. In an instant bo dropped to tho ground and disappeared into the earth, leaving no sign or trace to show that he had been there. Daisy and I gazed at one another in awe and astonishment. ' What could it have been ?'' she asked. ' I do not know except it was a ghost,' 1 replied. It conld not be anything human to dis appear iu that fashion, for tbat he vanished into tbe earth is quite certain, as he could not get away without going full thirty yards down the cutting, or retracing hia steps up the hill, and in either case we would have seen him going. We hurried from the spot and reached tha top of tbe hill almost in a fainting condition. Daisy was terribly frightened, and it waa with difficulty we reached our destination. The description of the object wo saw is n3 follows : — He was a very short-statured nian, dressed in rough working clothes, with very large, heavy boots on his feet, and a largo slouch felt hat on liis head. His face was drawn and ghastly, and be wore a long, dark beard. He appeared to be about 40 years of ago, but very quick and agile in hia move ments, and bfeyond uttering the words before mentioned, he never spoke, bnt leered atna in an unearthly manner. I was afterwards informed tbat a man had ? been killed there, and that his ghost was sup posed to haunt the place at certain intervals. Bo tbat as it may, if any of my readers doubt my statement I will accompany them to the place, and point out the spot where the figure vanished into the earth. — A.C. 