BREVITIES. Mr, W. B. Smith nddrcsnos a sensible letter on tho proposal to make tho Fruit Exchange the permanent fruit innrliot of the colony. We agree with him that tho site ia most un suitable »nd unclean. Parliament opened on Tuesday. 'Jthua tho 'D.T.' : ' The udvanccd land tar. party— Mr. Millen, Mr. Ashton, Mr. O'Reilly, and Dr. Hollia— sat by themselves in tho Min isterial corner. This is really a fifth party,. that will yet have to be reckoned with.' A first-class billiard room has bean erected at the Parramatta Hoapitil for Iusano. The whole of tho work waa douo by tbo officers, with Dr. Godson at the head us archi tect, at a very nominal cost to the Government. Mr. John Mingaye, the Parramatta assayist, is making a name for himself in some of his able official reports. The Sydney papers quoted a very lengthy re- port by him bearing on the liability of the Helensburgh coal to cause explosions. This report was written over 12 months previous to the explosion on the Prosperity, and had the advice therein contained been followed, the loss and injury to life would have been avoided. Meeting of frnitgrowors at Thompson's oorner next Saturday at 3 o'clock, to consider tho Fruit Pests Bill. Mr. Walfoid presented an elaborate and able report to the C.O.E.C.O. on Monday evening-. Entries for Tub Audits Cup competition close on August 31. Mr. E, Harvey,' for several yesra organist at Galston, was on Saturday night last presented with an address and teatimenial by the Rev. E. Hargrave, on behalf of the congregation. Emperor mandarins are commanding geoi prioes at the present time ia tho Sydney markets. Some PenhantHilla growers have beqn victim ised by thiaveB lately. Several have lost large quantities of mandarins. in place or tne receiving olhce at Baecroft, a pos-t office is to be established which will date Irora the 21st instant. The eurly summer fruits are coming into bloom, but n continuance of the present dry weiither will greatly damage the prospects of a i-rop 1 ho Hornaby residents feel sure that at last they are going to be provided with a platform between Hornsby Junc'ion and Thornleigh. Thia week tha surveyors were up doing pre liminary work. The Hornaby Junction Oebating Club is now defunct. The weather i . evidently too dry for speech making. Tbe people of Mtadowbm k and that portion of Ryde would like to see ino difficulty with tho mortgagees of the Meadowbank Estite got over, so that the road leadi: g from tho station ta Hyde could bo dedicated to the Council. Mr. Mobbs will oiler a lot of valuable furni ture, horses, &c;, at Dr. Brown's next Tuesday. Tenders wanted for bridge over creek at Bungarribee, ereotion of cottage ia Harris Park and painting cottage in Granville. The Central Hall Bind of Hopo held a sncoessful mngio lantern entertainmont on Wodnesday evening, Rov. J. Bennett Anderson will preach faro well aoimona in Grunville next week. ' Contributor ' { fhornleigh) failed to enclose name aa a guarantee of good faith. ; Dr. Brown's name was inadvertently omitted frouv the committee of tho Saturday uighfr charity concerts. The Purrainutta ghost sensation fizzled out all too soon for tbe newspapors. The Rev. P. J. Stephen preaches on Sunday in the Wesleyan Church, morning and evening. His evening subjeot is: 'The Assuranco of Peace.'* Once more, let us spray. Laat year the Au- : gaston fruitgrowers increased their returns bv £10,000, : At Angaston they spray unceasingly, and tbe district in one season is richer by £10,000. Mr. Bevan, of Qalston, is growing a veiy ? fine blood orange from South Australian trees. ! It ia a good sign to see our growers improv- j ing 'the 6train ' by getting tiess from abroad. Mr. F. Weston will offer for sale on Mon- ; day the furniture and effects belonging to tho. ; lute Mrs. Mood, and on Tuesday tho property known as Short's oorner. Old Joe Ballard, who died this week, was a native of Parramatta and 72 years of age. The child Hellier, who had tracheotomy per- formed on her last week at the Hospital, is pretty well all right. Mr. Oairues reports that some common lemona from Inke Cowal were made up excel lently at the Parramattu Jam Factory. I An exhibit of the preserve waB so entioing: : that it was atolen at the Forbes show. Dr. VV. S. Brown, is removing to Georgo street. J The following tenders were accepted at fcho ,' Rookwood Ccuncil on Wednesday : — For work on the Ivinguland Road : T. Deuly at 2s ud j per chain for sec. 1 ; R. Robertson at 3s Gd. por chain for sec 2 : T. Dealy jun. at 3s Od per chain for sec 3 ; J. Eiruu at 2s Od pec , ohuin for sec. 4. Eight tenders wore received ? for carting and it was 'decided to let J. Drew . and.J. Boyd draw lots. J. Boyd getting it :u ' at 7s per day. There were four tendors for ? blue metal and A. M^Nab's was accepted at 7s i Oil per oubio yard. For all manner of repairs to watches, clocks ; and jewellery, go 10 G; E. Riouabdson, romovetl ! to a few doors Irora ilatsdou's.* ?; Now that Tomatoes aro out of season tha ' substitute is Tho Enjoyable or tho Red Top I Brand Tomato Sauce. All grocers. Whole- .] sale faotory, Carliugford.* J Clooks cleaned, Is Gd to 3s Gd ; watch hands,.:] 6d ; watoh glasses, Cd ; brooch pins, 3d j watch keys, 3d. Riuuakmun near Lennox Bridgo.* i Watches cleaned and repaired (12 months guarnntee), 3a Gd j main springs, 2s Od, G,E. j BioiiABiisoK, near Lonuox Bridge.* '. ... J Read W. II. Soul and Co'a. aunouncement.? in our advertising columns. | 