The Peer and the Woman (Published by Spesial Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Loek, & Bowden, Ltd.) BOOK II. CHAPTER XXII.-(C ontinued.) When they recommenced, M. de Feurget appeared for the first time to put forth all his powers. A dozen times he held his opponent's life in .his. hands by the success of some brilliant feint which M.. d'Aubron utterly failed to parry, but on each occasion he lowered his'sword without doing any serious mischief.- The end seemed to all of us assured, and I began to think of his prophecy with a Ssmile. Suddenly there: came an in terruption. The intene, almost breathless, stillness was broken by the sound of quick, hurrying footeteps through the plantation, and we all turned t6 look. With his hand upon the gate stood my master, pale and travele.stained, and by his side was a tall, white- haired woman, of stately carriage, and dressed in the long, plain robe of a Sister of Mercy. I looked at her for a moment, and then a great cry burst from my lips. Was I dreaming, or had this woman risen up from the dead? Surely this was OCecile d'Augerville. She whom my master had loved and married. She on whose fair, white arm' he had clasped the bracelet; She whose hideous fate was ever before me, the victim df' that inurder which it was sure madness for me to think upon. An awful cry rang out to the still morning sky, and I saw her throw up her arms in horror. I followed her rapt gaze and I saw at once what had happened. Lying on the ground, supported in Mr. Carlyon's arms, was M. de Feurget, with his adversary's rapier through his lungs. CHAPTER XXIII. TIE DUEL ON TIE CLIFFS. I saw M. d'Aubron withdraw his quivering sword from his opponent's body and wipe it with devilish cool ness upon the grass. I saw the wounded man's eyes fixed with a glazed, horrible intensity 'upon the tall, black-robed womnan-ghost' I thought her then-at the wicket gate. And, finally, I saw her move swiftly forward over the smooth turf, and, bending over him, gaze'anxiously into his convulsed face. She would have taken his hand, but he dragged it away from her with a low, moaning cry. Most fearful"'to witness was the frantic:' horror witl which he shrank back from the pale, pitying face so close to his. 'Marie!' he cried. 'Oh, my God, spare me this! I am dying, I tell you! Oh, let me be! Away! Away !' He held out his hands feebly, as though to shut out the eight of her. . With a 'look of wonder in her calm face, she 'sank on her knees 'by his side and whispered softly'to him- yet not so softly but that my quickened hearing caught the sound'of her clear tone. 'Victor'! Victor! Don't you know me ? It is not Marie !' "It is' I, her sister, Ceoile.' '' .. " He looked at her half doubtfully, but in a moinent or two he was con vinced. 'I thought that you were dead,' he whispered. ' Dead to the world, Victor! Dead to all former ties. Yet, as ou see, in the flesh alive. ° I have come from a seclusion which I had'hoped 'never to have left to undertake a mournful task.' A great relief crept slowly into his face. He drew a long breath, and tried to raise himself a little. I ap proached 'and, kneeling 'down, sup ported him in my arms. 'Heaven has sent you both here,' he said in a firmer tone. 'I am thankful! Stand here by my side and listen. I am crossing the thres hold of death, and I have an awful confession to make.' 'I have come to hear it, Victor,' she answered. 'All is blank mystery to us now. You must clear it up.' ' God glue me strength!' he prayed. Then he glanced around, but it was needless. The others had left us, and we four were alone. : 'My time is short,' he went on, speaking ?*ith difficulty in a hoarse, S broken undertone. 'Listen, all of you. Ay, come close to me-as close as you will. You will' shrink far 'enough away presently. The people round here, what is it they call me ? Pious, good, benevolent! 'Ah, the hypocrisy of it! Listen; I am the blackest sinner upon God's earth. ' Cecile, you know how I loved your sister. It was the one great over mastering passion of my life. For her sake I gave up my dreams of the Church. To win hbr love Irenounced without a single regret the calling which before had seemed to me the only means of attaining:to earthly happiness;. Ibecameher blind slave, a hanger-on, a parasite at her father's house, a sharer, although an unwill ing one, in pastimes and scenes which : before I had looked upon only with scorn. And with what did she repay .... me? With her love? Alas, no! r: ?She married me, it is true, but it was a sorry compact. In less than a week Smy happiness was blasted .for ever. To you, Cecile, her sister, I say mothing of the early days of our wedded life. I willonly say that we were not happy, and before what we called our honeymoon was over I had discovered her secret. She never loved me. Worse than that,' she' loved someone else. She loved' your father, Lord Aleseton-she had always I loved him-and she was a woman who knew how to love. She had married me merely because she' was' homeless and I was rich.:" I was a eipher only in her eyes-rather hate ful to her than otherwise; At the end of the year she told me that she eould:live with me no longer, and we separated. 'It broke my heart; but I crept into sol~tude,> and hid my grief from the world. I sent Marie, our daughter, .. to a convent sechool, and I lived here alone, fighting with thy trouble and seeking to ease it by lightening the sorrows of othere. Year after year passed away, and premature middle age stole upon me before my time. My heavy burden of grief grew no less-stillI endured. At regular intervals I heard of your sister, Cecile. Think of me as meanly as you like, Cecile; I had hei watched by private agents, and so keenly that her slightest action I knew of. By accident, one day she discovered it, and from that time she refused to touch one penny of my money. She kept her word, and from that time she supported herself. 'Even then I continued to help her, although indirectly, and unknown to her, and I continued also to have her watched, for I could not bear the thought that. she might have to struggle against sickness or want. I heard of her visit to you, Cecile, and when she returned to Paris, alas! that visit had suggested a fatal idea to her. She heard from you that the Earl of Alceston believed you dead and had married again. Then she planned a wicked thing, for which, God knows, she paid an awful penalty. 'I knew-I' always knew, alas! that Marie' had loved your father, Lord Alceston. When he preferred you, Ceoile, that' love changed into another feeling. Howfar Lord Alces ton was, to blame, I cannot tell. But Marie must have believed herself injured, or she would never have nursed her feelings through so many years and then concentrated them in an ill-fated scheme for revenge,. She had a bracelet made like yours, Cecile. She took humble lodgings in London, and one night she sent him a note telling him that his wife, Cecile, lived, and bidding him go to her at once. I knew this, for I had followed her to London with the one hope of saving her honour and myself from shane. I had taken my daughter with me in the last despairing hope that the sight of her child, whom she had never seen since babyhood, might soften her. Alas! Alas! Alas!' Suddenly there was a rush of blood from his mouth and he fell back ghastly pale, with the agony of death written in his pallid features and luminous eyes. Almost at the same moment the wicket gate opened and a doctor and the village priest in his long robes appeared. The former hurried up, and, dropping on his knee, made a hasty examination, but he shook his head almost immediately. 'Hiumorrhage has set in,' he pro nounced. 'M1. de Feurget, I can do nothing for you; Alas! you have but afew minutes to live!'* He stood back, and the village priest took' his place. A breath of fresh morning air swept softly across the little plateau. It seemed to revive him. The stream of bldod had ceased, and he,motioned to us to raise him a little. I ',' God give me strength.to finish,' he prayed 'Father, stand by my side. You have heard my confession; you have seen my agony.! You know all. Come nearer, Lord Alceston. I can only whisper. 'It was at night I went to see her. For two days I had lingered about the door, lacking the courage to go in and plead with her. I went with pity and love in my heart. I went to make one last appeal; to tell her of our child, and to save her from shame. My old love, which had lived always with me, was still as strofig as ever. I would have done anything in the world she had asked. I only wanted her back again, cruelly though she had used me. 'Oh, ,iy God! my God!' he moaned. 'It was a cruel thing to send me there that one night of all others and at that hour. I met him-your father, Lord Alceston-coming away from the house. How I kept my hands from him then I cannot tell. But I did. I let him pass without word or sign. I went to her. It was cruel how she received me. She never wished to look upon my face again, she said. She hated me. She hated our child. She would not hear me speak. She bade me go. In less than five minutes I left the house a raving madman. I followed Lord Alceston home. I saw him enter the house by a private door, and in his haste he left t;e key out side. I took it, and in a few minutes I followed him softly. 'I was in a great, dimly-lit room lined with books-his library; but it was empty. I walked restlessly up and down, waiting for him; but he did not come. In an evil moment my at tention was attracted by a long row of curious, gleaming daggers in a dark oak cabinet.. From the moment my eyes fell upon the bright steel I be came a devil. I felt the desire to kill spring up within me. From that moment I was a murderer.' A low-moan seemed to creep from Lord Alceston's lips, and I saw the woman by his side shudder with a horror too deep' for expression.' But neither interrupted him by any arti culate word. ' If ever man in the world was mad I wis mad then. I listened.' I-From another part of the house I could hear the strains of music and the sound of many voices. But there was no one neari-no one at hand to disturb me. ' I took one of the daggers-the one with the bluest steel and the sharpest point I could find. . Then I let. myself out of the, room by the private door and carefully pocketed the key. I rushed awajy.' Ibought a disguise at a low rag-shop on the way. The cun ning of the devil seemed to come to me. I got an' empty room next to here, and when the house was silent I stolerin to her. I killed her! Ikilled her, with her beautiful 'face'fl'ashiuig its hatred at me--with the mocking, scornful words still upon her lips! Then I hurried from t'he house back to Grosvenor-square. The thirst for blood was upbn me. A maniacal fury seemed to burn in my veins. I stole again into the dimly-lit library. Still it was empty. But I waited. ' Toward morning he came. I heard his slow footsteps outside, and I hid myself. I watched him sit down at his desk, andI planned to myself how I would kill him. I meant to strangle him; rbut as I crept out from my hiding place I made some slight noise. He started and looked round. I just managed to escape observation, and while he was ringing for his servant I slipped behind the screen and out into the passage. 'Through the keyhole I watched you, Neillson, arrive. I saw you search the room. I heard Lord Alces ton decide that it must have been his fancy. 'He settled down to write again, and soon with added caution I stole into the room. I drew another dagger from the case, and, God help me, I killed him! "I r~ished out into the street, with his death-cry ringing in my ears. At the 'firdt breath of cold air sanity be gan to, return. The instinct 'of self preservationcame upon me,andIturned and fled., I went to Dover and came back again, half-determined to give myself up. Then my senses slowly returned, and I knew what I had done! I thoughtkof myedaughter, and' for her' ?eai I'held' my' peace. Still I was reckles.'. On the pretence of 'identifying'her.I looked once more into my wife's?iface' and unknown, unrecognised, I followed her to the grave. Then we came back here, and my tortures commenced. Day by day I lived in a very hell' of remorse and agony. Another man was suspected! If he should be arrested I must give myself: up. Marie would'know all -would know that her father was a murderer! such a' murderer! The anguish I have siffered no words of mine could depict. Hell can offer no greater torment than earth has punished me with. And. now she will knowiv! Marie will know! She will hate her father! She will loathe his memory for ever! Oh, Death, conme to me quickly, or I shall die a raving madman !' It was an awful moment-an awful sight to look upon. A dying man fighting for his last breath with such words upon his lips! Strong though he was, my master was shaking in every limb with emotion, and the black-robed woman who stood by his side had turned a little away with her face hidden in her hands, as though the sight were too terrible for her. The priest, with trembling fingers, drew out a cross from his robe and held it before the eyes of the dying man, but he pushed him almost roughly away. ' Lord Alceston!' he cried. There was no answer. ' I saw my master; shrink away, compassion atruggling in vain with horror in his white f[ace.: 'Lord Alceston,' come nearer. In' a fewminutes I shall stand before an other.J'dge to answer for my crime. I do not, ask forgiveness. 'But Marie !' She will khow all! ? She will curse my memory ! I shall have robbed her of you, the man she loved! ' Ah!' ".We followed his 'outstretChed trenik bling 'fingers.'! At the gate, loosely clad in a plain white dressing-gown, with her long hair streaming in the breeze, stood Marie. She was gazing at us as though petrified with horror, clinging with one arm to a slender pine-tree for support,' and'with the other pressed against her forehead. ' My father! My father !' she cried, the words at last bursting from her frozen lips. 'What is the matter? What has happened? Is he ill? Oan none of you tell me ?' SShe looked toward us each in turn. None of us could speak. With trembling fingers• she strove to open the, postern. The dying man shivered all over and covered his face with his hands. I glanced toward my master. His face was deadly pale, and his lips were moving as though i' prayer. Sud denlykhe stooped down. ' Look up,' he whispered, and bid your. daughter' farewell. She shall think of you always as she' does now. As her husband I swear it. You alone shall answer for your sins; and may God have mercy upon you!' Like magic was the effect of the hoarse whispered words. Again the light.leaped into the dying man's eyes and.peace shone in his' softened face. The priest again held the cross before his eyes, and this time he nodded and smiled faintly. One hand' Marie grasped and carried it to her' lips, while the hot, scalding'tears. fell fast upon.it; the other Lord Alceston took and held in his own. A moment's deep stillness and it was over.,. As suddenly as it had come the light died out of his fast-dimmed eyes and the smile slowly faded from his lips.' But the peace remained. THE END. 