Horscslioe Luck. In Morocco iron is considered a great protec tion again demons, who are the lineal represen tatives, after all, of the hostile spirits. Hence it is usual to place a knife or dagger under a sick mail's pillow, his illness, of course, beius attributed to demoniacal possession. In India the mourner who perforins the necessary but somewhat dangerous duty of putting fire into the dead man's mouth carries a -key or a knife in his hand to keep off the evil spirits. In shorti a bit of iron is a very useful thing to have about you at any time if you desire to escape the un. favorable attention of the ghosts, the trolls, the fairies, and the demons generally. This is good reason for buying a pocket knife. It is also a reason for nailing up a horseshoe. " But' why a horseshoe in particular," you ask, "more than any other odd piece of iron ? ' Well, primarily, the good luck depends more upon tho irun as iron than on the special shape or function of the horseshoe as a horse shoe. But there are also many reasons why the superstition should happen to fix itself more particularly upon horseshoes. We must re member that iu Europe, at least, it is the cattle, the horses, and the domestic beaBts in general that are specially liable to Lhe hostile attacks of "the little people." Therefore the elves and trolls are most likely to be dreaded on farms or in the country, where horses and cattle most do congregate. Now, if you want to nail up a bit of iron as a. protection ogainst the fiery darts of the evil ones on your stables or cowhouses (which is the place where one oftenest sees them), nothing is more likely to come handy to your purpose than a cast horseshoe. Besides, it has obvious congruity for the place and object, and it can bo readily picked up in the roads al most anywhere. Furthermore, it is provided beforehand with convenient holes, by means of which you can readily hang it up, either over your own houBe door or over your sheds and BtabJeB. The various advantages of cheapness ease, and rendiness for fixing would have given the. horseshoe a fair start in life, it is believed as a charm againBt fairies, trolls, and evil spirits generally, eveu without any other and more special advantages.— -iiOrnhill Magazine. 