Confirmation Services at St. Patrick's Church. ADDRESSES BY ARCHBISHOP DUNNE. . Y.csterday morning, after the celebration of the eleven o'clock mass at St. Patrick's Church, the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered to two linndred and fifty four children by. his Grace, Dr. Dunne, Arch bishop of Brisbane. This is the greatest number of children who have received Con firmnfintt afr anv r»n» time fnr n nilmhoi* of years past. For two months the Sisters of Mercy have been actively engaged in the tuition of boys and girls preparatory to their receiving' this Sacrament of the Church. The candidates were not confined to Too woomba alone, but came from the surround ing districts as well. Yesterday morning they attended mass . at eight o'clock, and many of them made their first Communion. They were afterwards entertained to break fast by the Sisters' in the Girls' School, when three hundred little mortals sat down to asumptuousspread, which they appeared to thoroughly enjoy. The good Sisters, assisted by Father Bailey and a number of willing workers, assiduously attended to the wants of the children, who Drofesscd themselves heartily pleased with the efforts made for their entertainment. In this connection the Sisters desire to express ' their appreciation of the thoughtfulness of those ladies and gentlemen who so generously aided them in providing for the wants of so large a iamily. In the expectancy of obtaining a seat the members of the congregation and worshippers from other congregations began to assemble at about half-past ten, and by eleven o'clock the whole of the great accommodation of St. Patrick's ? was more than utilised by perhaps the largest congregation ever as sembled in Toowoomba. Many were unable to obtain admission into the sacred edifice The candidates were placed in the front por tion of the nave, near the sanctuary railing and in the aisles. The girls, of whom there were one hundred and twenty-two, occupy ing the right, and the one hundred and thirty two boys were upon the left. It was a very impressive sight to witness the number of young bright faces, evidently awed by the importance of the ceremony in which they were to become chief participants, and very touching indeed must it have been to the venerable Archbishop as he gazed into the faces of the yosmg children before him, many of whose parents had received the ordinance of baptism at his hands, and by hi.n had been prepared for a ceremony similar to the one by which their children were now about to be admitted into tile full membership of the Church. Prior to the Confirmation services, mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Bailey Tim \ rrhliicliniv T*)r. llnntlrv ivfiu nssi-it-Arl by the Revs. J. J. Horan, (Warwick), and R. Walsh (Toowoomba). The Revs. T. O'Connell and T. Bailey were also present. After the initiatory services had been concluded His Grace Archbishop U. line al drcsscd those to whom the ordinance of confirmation was about to be administered and said he was directed by the Church to. say a few words as it were in summary of the instruction they had been receiving for the past two months for the Sacrament of Confirmation. When they were -baptised they were brought to the Chiirjh to be baptised by their sponsors who then entered into a Covenant u-ith God on their behalf that tl-cy (the candidates) would serve God all the days of their lives and Gad promised to them a'l necessary help in this woild and everlasting life in the next. That was the contract entered into by their sponsors on the one hand and the priest on the other. Now that they had come to the threshold of the responsibility of life they were invited to come forward and without their sponsors and by their own act and deed confirm upon their part flic Covenant of their baptism. They were now supposed to Ije old enough and to have made tlieii)se|ves aware of the principles of the Law of God, and being old enough and acquainted with the principles of the Law of God, they came forward to confirm the Covenant made at their baptism — hence this ceremony of Confirmation. They on their part confirmed that engagement which had been entered upon by their sponsors and the bishop confirmed the promise, made on the part of God. In order that the ceremo.iy could be carried out f\yo things \yere necessary—they should be old enough and they should understand the Law of God. It was neces sary they should know what they were doing. As little children no responsibility tlL4.ili.ltbV!. tv* Ullfeill, liiH. UUtV lUGV WCIU old enough to know what they were doing; old enough to understand and take up the responsibility themselves. Knowing this they came forward to take part in this holy sacrament. T/hey were also supposed to understand the Law of God. It was imparted to them in the Commandments. The whole object of the Catfchfsn) was (o teach them to know nnd to servis Go:J. It taught both those things. It did not tuach the') everything about God but it taught them that vyljich thuy should know in order to obtain eternal life. The ten commandments covered the whole Law of God as nccessajy to our salvation. The first thre'e of the commandments referred to God, aud Iaf(J ejqiyii oi|r duty to Him. The 4th regarded our duty to oi|r parents who had the next claim upon us after Qod ; the fifth sixth, seventh, and eighth laid down the whole of our duty in our relations between man and man in this world. AJan had as it were four rights which might be included under the four heads, thp right to live, the right of family, the right of property, and the right df character. The commandments covered and protected those rights of m.in. They must respect their neighbour's life; they must respect their neighbour's family; they m^&respect; their neighbour's property, and tfflSgmust respect their neighbour's charact'eTV They would see that the whole of the relations between man and man were covered by these four to nmandments, from the fourth to the eighth. The ninth and tenth taught them not t» desire those things which were their neighbour's . The Cate chism, contained the' decalogue, the' ten commandments, and they would see it was necessary they should understand the vuLbiriiiaui iu aiiuu tub -uaiv ui UUU l/ClCrC admission to Confirmation. Furthermore! the sacrament of Confirmation consisted of three parts. In the first part the Bishop extends his hands over those whom he is about to confirm ; in the second part he puts upon ihem the sign of the holy chrism j and in the third the Bishop prays that the Holy Ghost will come, down upou them. In the first place the Bishop extends his hands over them to take possession of them upon the nart of God. In the second place he signs fthe sign of tke Cross upon them because it is God's seal upon earth. Everything be longing to God was marked by flic sign of .the Cross. The greatest cathedrals of the world were. marked by that sign, and upon the pauper's' 'grave ' was found the littlfc y/ood,en Cross, God's seal, The little child coming to God for baptism was marked with the sign of the Cross, and the old man going to His grave wns marked with the sign of the Cross. The sign of the Cross was God's seal. The morning prayer of a Catholic' child begin with' sign of the Cross, as did ? also the evening prayer at. day's close. Hence the Bishop took possession of those children with the sign of the Cross because it was God s Cross. He intended to convey to that the holy Cross gave them hcirship with God. The last part of the sacrament is the prayer to ask the' Holy. Ghost to come down and take possession of those who had dedicated themselves to him.' '--.-?? . He bespoke from every .adult present two things. The first was a heartfelt prayer to God- for those children about to be con; firmed, that the Holy Ghost might take possession . of them and retain possession, of them during all the days of the pilgrimage of their lives. In the second place he would ask them in God's name to go back in spirit to the time and place of their own confirma tion, perhaps many thousand miles from here, and that they ask themselves in the presence of God and of that sacred cere mony what way they had kept their Covenant with God. It would be well for them to do this thing for the time would come when they would be summoned up to God, and would have to give an account of the way in which they had kept this Covenant. He had often told them and now he told them again to remember the words of our Lord, who dying upon the Cross turned and said,, ' Father the work thou gayest me to do I have finished.' Every Christian should be able to say, ' Father, Master, the work thou gavest me to do I have finished it ' Many of them would have to say, ' Father, Master, the work thou gavest me to do I have not finished, I have not commenced it. and have never given time to serve thee.' His Grace, assisted by the Revs. J. J. Horan and R. Walsh, then' proceeded to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation, after which he again addressed the candi dates and their parents, saying he warned them that having received tins great gift of God it behoved them very carefully to pre serve it. Almighty God had given them most precious treasures from Heaven and they should take great care of them. Un happily there was a great deal of bad in the world, The captain of a vessel coming out to this country had generally a large cargo, [lie care 01 many passengers ami uiau .1 very valuable vessel. That man during the whole journey was taking care of the ship, studying ?the sky night and day, studying how to keep his vessel in the proper position, to avoid rocks, sandbanks, and dangerous places, always striving to keep his vessel. II he lost it people said lie was a very foolish and sinful man. He warned them that if they did not keep their treasure during the voyage of life they would be sinful and very foolish. There were many rocks upon which they might be lost in the sea of life. He would point out to them three of these rocks — idle- ness, bad company, and forgetfulness of God. Idleness was the ruin of numbers of children and people. They knew he had always in sisted upon schools for children. He had done so for tile following reasons— he believed in reading, writing, and arithmatic, but all this was dross when compared with being industrious. Children not trained to be industrious became little loafers, and when they grew up they became big loafers upon Society, able to do anything but work To. the children he said the first thing then was to be fond of good work, fond of doing whatever they were able to do, fond of. working at home for their fathers and mothers and when they grew up they would be found to be fond of honest labor.' The nextdaugerto them was bad associations, bad companions, bad, books. They were to keep from getting in amonj; people that curse and swear, and drink and spend their time at public houses. They were to avoid those who spend the week drinking an-l tossing and. loaling about hotels and who spend their Sundays loafing somewhere else. These people grew up to be corrupt. He urged the children before him to avoid bad companions, and bad books, and late hours, and instanced painful cases that had but re cently come under his observation in which young people had been led astray by bad companions and bad associations. Mothers had ? taken great care with their boys to keep them from danger, but just like the hailstorm bad company had destroyed muni iui tvi;i. i .uuiiis biio-.im learn mat they must keep their boys away from chil dren who desire what is 'bad. They knew what would happen if they did not keep them away from bad company. Their girls must be kept from late hours and lonely walks and dangerous places otherwise the results would be the same as they had been for the last six thousand years. A third rock upon which they were likely tc founder was forgetfulness of God. First they neg lected coming to Mass then they neglected their morning and evening prayers. He never dreamed of arguing with people who turned their back upon God. Their only chance qf coming jiack to the right path \yas fQ iiakg confession' to God, and to begin a ne\y life, There \vere many beautiful pic tures in the Scriptures, He 'thought hardly a chapter co.ild bo found from which half a dozen pictures fit for any gallery could not betaken. Of all the pictures to be found therein there was one he loved more than all others. It was . not the picture of the Saviour bjessing little children; it was not the picture of making water into wine; it was not the picture of the prodigal son. ;lt \yas the picture of the Savioup with, his amis- nailed out itpon the Cross, That was the picture that he loved above all others. He wanted them to be loyal to God Almighty. They had many friends who would do much for them, but he wanted them to remember that their Saviour hal died Tor them. He wanted them to struggle for Jesus Christ and whenever- the lyorlcj turned from them to turn to Hiiij and he -voulc| help them.. They should put their trust in Jesus and they' would be anle to say ' behold, I have Jesus standing on the riant hand of God 'and he will help me ' Avoid idleness. He had recently gone through the penal establish ment af St. Helena biit he never found an industrious man in gao|. There they might find scholars and clever mqn but would not find an honest industrious man. Once again he said avoid idleness, avoid bad companions, avoid forgetfulnesis of God. Little girls avoid bad companions; late hours and lonely walks. Both addresses, whioh were' of a ver-y im nressive character. wer« Iisfrp.in'rl tn lw.vnnmr and old with marked attention. At the con clusion of the second one, Dr, Dunne said that some fifty years a?o Archbishop Polding brought into Australia the practice of giving the pledge to those whom he confirmed, and in. the United Kingdom now the excellent practice of giving. the plodae had been adopted. He (Di. Dunne) hail extreme re gard for the fathers and mothers of the children, Ho'wos how about to administer to the children the pledge, and unless any parent objected within the next forty-eight hours they would be registered as having taken the pledge until they were twenty-live years of age. Then wttli right hand raised 'in the sightof Heaven the large/assemblage of children re peated solemnly and impressively. aftei the Archbishop, the declaration of abstinence from alcoholic liquors until they were twenty-live years of age. .'.'.'.' Tlie very impressive ceremony of ' Con firmation ' terminated with the Benediction. During the celebration of the Mass pie ceding Confirmation the'.choir gave a grand rendition of the 'Kyrie,''Gloria,'''Sanctus' 'Agnus Dei,' from Haydn's 16th Mass, and at flic administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation they sang the familiar ' Veni Creator.' At the termination of the day's ceremonies the stirring. tenor solo in Zin grelli's '.' Laudnte,' AVas^finely^ung by Mr. W. ? Clark, the chorus taking, up the respective 'part* with commendable precision, 