Fifth Day. The sittings were resumed at 9.30 a.m. on Monday. The debate on Methodist union was con tinued on the motion of the Rev. W. F. James : — That as many of our circuits and two of the dis tricts plead for general and simultaneous union throughout Australasia, we express strong desire for such union ; but as tbe conditions and the state of feeling- in reference to union in the various colonies widely differ, and there beiiiir a atrouir and irrowiuir conviction among our people li ar union should be speedily consummated in this colony, we agree to the union of the three ilethodist churches when the other Methodist churches in this colony are in favor of such union. The RevT'T. Piped, said he did not think he would vote at all. The Rev. R. Lang said they all agreed that union was the right thing, They had com mitted themselves to general and simultaneous union on a fair and equitable basis. If others were willing to give them what was fair they were willing to give them what was fair and right. Sectional union as well as the retention of the name had been before them since the General Wesleyan Conference. What he wanted was to show to the world that they had done what they could as honorable men to meet the other churches. The Rev. J. Rowe explained that he was not against sectional union, as reported in The Advertiser. The Rev. R. C. Yeoman objected to sec tional union because it meant absorption. The difficulties mentioned of churches with overwhelming debts were exceptional cases. The Rev. S. C. Muofobd said they were representing their quarterly meetings, and he hoped they would show them unmistakably that they were not blocking the way to Methodist Union. The Rev. J. Foster favored union on a fan basis, but opposed the name 'Wesleyan.' The Rev. W. F. James said ..it was clear that general and simultaneous union wan impossible. The only way to bring about' union at all was by sectional union. Only one of their quarterly meetings was opposed to the name 'Wesleyan.' .* Mr. J. AggTOff.juppprted tho ^notion Pflt because the financial conditions necessitated it. He believed their friends would staud by each ether in every case of difficulty. If they accepted union it' would not be taking it at auy price. There were financial difficulties in the way. Having granted the general they could not consistently stand in the way of sectional union. The Rev. E. Gkatton said there was not much to reply to. The principal objection might be urged against the resolution that was carried on Friday. He could not under stand Mr. Thome's position. Those who op posed the motion did not know that virtually two of the other colonies had forsaken them. Absorption was a bogie. People did not lose their identity when they lost their name. Did Mrs. Lake lose her identity when she changed her name 'I When he changed his name and became a Bible Christian it gave him pain, but he did not lose his identity nor the respect of his brethren. He believed that dignity was best preserved by doing what was right. He would rather that this question was negatived for the next 25 years than that this parleying should be perpetuated. Mr. Thome's amendment was lost by 10 for aud 39 against it. The motion was carried by 44 votes to 6. The Missionary Treasurer (the Rev. J. Raymont) pressnted his report, which showed that £410 5s. Id. had been raised during the year for the home mission f uud, £127 Is. Od. for the China mission ; making a grand total for home and foreign missions of £537 0s. 7d. The rev. gentleman was heartily thanked for his services. G reetings were sent to the Victorian Con ference. ' The Rev. C. Tuesise presented his report. The amount promised for the reduction of the missionary debt is £1,%7 4s. Id. The self denial fund amounted to £142 lS)s. lid.; making a total of £2,110 4s. 7d. promised towards the £2,200 deemed necessary at the last Conference. Of the amount promised £1, 182 have oeen paid. The expense of col lecting this was only £116 5s. 3d. Mr. Tresise was heartily thanked for his services. , Sympathetic references were made by several ministers to the great sorrow experi enced by Bro. C. Tresise during the year in the loss of his two children, and the following resolution was xmanimously carried : — That as Bro. Tresise has suffered a sad loss in the death of tv.-o of his children during the past j-ear ive express our sincere sympathy v.ith him, which i3 in tensified beoa-.Uie of tbe noble and necessary work lie has been doing. The work itself has been* made the more sacred on account of the baptism of sorrow lie has been called upon to pass tlirough. We pray that the lioly Ghost, the Comforter, may givehuutst-reugth and solace and abide with liim and his household. We rejoice also at the testimonies given concerning the spiritual beauty of their young lives that their death has been overruled for good, and that our brother was not without sympathy and help. A resolution of appreciation and thanks for the intelligence received concerning the bequest of £350 from the late Mr. John Dunn was carried. The Woman's Missionary Board presented their report. In the afternoon at 3 o'clock the China mis sionary meeting was held. Dr. Torr presided. In his opening address he said he frequently followed the missionaries in their perilous journeys. He considered it to be an honor to touch the fringe of such work as that in China. Referring to the diligence of the Chinese student at the college he thought his en thusiasm ought to be an incentive to us to work. ' The Secretary (Rev. J. Raymont} in pre senting the report said . they had been a_; mis sionar3' church from the beginning. ' The great appeals came to them from the death. rate in China. ' - The Rev. H. J. Pipeb reported conversions' as the result of their labors. The following resolution was moved by the Rev. S. C. Mug ford : — That we join our brethren and sisters in China in giving thanks to God for the hopeful beginning of our work in the province of Yunmn. Our own brother— Uev. E. J. Piper— is now settled in full work as a Chinese medical missionary, and we are grateful to God for the intelligence and holy enthusiasm with which he has entered upon his labors. We also pray that practical and liberal response to his appeals for additional missionaries and the means to support them may soon be made by our Australasian churches. We thank our friends for the £127 Is. fid. contributed last year. He -said it was to carry away the depravity and filth that had accumulated that they were working. He believed that Australia was the hub of the universe. They had the intelli gence and the resources for the carrying on of that great work. The Rev. J. Thomas seconded, and said he pleaded for the oldest and most neglected nation. The. head and heart and pocket must be converted. Christianity was for the home, the nation, and the world. ' Mrs. Rayuont said she was asked to give an account of what the Woman's Missionary Board had done. As the result of their labors somewhere about £40 had been raised for the China mission. She referred to the vast population of China, with their prejudices and .the privileges they gave for work. In the evening a tea was held, and was fol lowed by a public meeting, at which his Ex ?jxUsasy - the -laeutenant-Uovemor presided. j This was the annual missionary meeting, and there was a large attendance. The Rev. J. Raymont (missionary secretary) presented his report. His Excellency, who was received with applause, said it there were one part of their connexional quality which he held more highly than any others _it^ f-as that of making the Conference missionary meeting the great feature of the denominational year. When doing missionary work they were on the bedrock of absolute certainty, being obedient to the divine command ' to go into the world and preach the gospel to every creature.' The report which had just been read showed that they need not go further than South Australia to find that obedience to the gospel had received the fulfilment of diviue promise by^he success which had at tended the work oMcheir ministers and their friends throughout the denomination. As a sample of this they had but to look to Broken Hill, whence at the beginning of the year they had very discouraging reports. Notwithstanding the exodus of the mining population and the financial depression, which was more acute there_ than in any other place in Australia, their record for the past year showed that £200 had been paid off the debt on the premises, and that there had been an increase of 8G on the church membership. (Applause.) The magnificent success of the president's fund for the extension of mis sionary work was owing a great deal to the missionary meeting of last year, which wa* presided over by Dr. Torr. As much as £1,180 bad been collected by the special mission con ducted by tha Rev. C. Tresise for the purpose of lessening the debt, and besides over £500 had been subscribed for the ordinary purposes of the society. (Applause. ) They had certain privileges which were not obtained by the pioneers of the movements, chief of which were the encouragement they received from seeing the success of the missionary efforts in their own land and in India, Africa, China, and the isles of the sea. It was 103 years ago that William Carey first started the question of the evangelisation of the world. That was the spark that raised the fire of the missionary zeal that had ob tained during the, last century. When that pamphlet was published the nations of the world professing Christianity were to the whole population as to one in six. To-day it had been increased to one in three. (Applause. ) That was one of the many incidents that might be brought forward to show the revival in missionary work during the last hundred years. The son of one of their ministers was on the vast missionary field of China, having consecrated himself to that work. The effects which the great revolution in the east, the par ticulars of which were recorded from day to day in the newspapers, were perhaps not fully realised. If the British and American and Australian Christians were true to the mission and true to the duty laid upon them could they doubt that as the result of the terrible war there would be a great break up of old prejudices in China, and that they would live to see the time when 'A nation shall be born in a day,' and China shculd become part of the kingdom of God. He knew nothing more refreshing than to turn from the terrible record of ^bloodshed and cruelty, and to read the bracing and stimulating letters from the young missionaries in China — Messrs. Diamond, Trenbarth, Piper, and Pollard. If they in South Australia would lift their lives up to the higher plane in which tlie young missionaries were dwelling, if they were animated 'by the same faith and the same spirit of self-sacrifice, courage, and heroism, the coming year would be the greatest one of missionary success which the Bible Christian denomination in South Australia had ever known. (Applause.) The Rev. C. Mautin moved — That the report now read be adopted, and we hereby record our gratitude to God for the gracious work accomplished on all our stations, resulting in an in crease for €he year of 358 full members. He endorsed the spirit of the resolution. They were sometimes asited what benefit had all the expenditure conferred upon them. They were essentially a mission church, and when they ceased to be such they ceased to exist. Part of their mission work had been to get amongst the lowest in the cities — part amongst the out lying districts. Who has spoken among the bullock poles 1 A word had to be spoken of the local preachers, who, like the minister, had sometimes ridden 30 and 40 miles and preached three times a day. Their ministers had done much for the social and mental advancement of the people. Men who spent their Sundays in kangaroo hunts are now spending them holily. Again, we have supported temperance. When it was unpopular to advocate tempe rance in the northern townships their ministers had led the van.' A certain legislator was rejected some time ago by the temperance advocates. In some parts men had been dis covered who had abilities for work, and had been set to work. In some parts there was still a great work to do — parts where the details of the depravity were eo terrible, that no man would dare to stand upon that platform and detail them. It was for the people to say ^whether this should exist'or not. It was abso lutely mecessary toreuJove the^inCflbusof d^ebt, A large part of their debt was paid last year, and he hoped he would see the remaining part) . ?' paid that night. The Rev. W. T. Shapley seconded the motion. He spoke upon the work at Broken Hill and said there were, according to' the ? ?statements of the registrai, 19,000 or 20,000 inhabitants in the lowu. There were no less than 6S hotels 'and 20 gambling saloons. The Roman Catholics had three priests and 20 Sisters of Mercy, the Wesleyans two ministers, Primitive Metho.- \'-. dists two ministers, and the Bible Christians one minister and one lady evangelist. The 20 places of worship would not contain more than one-eighth ot the people. There wer% difficulties in the way, but God had constituted liim so that he looked at obstacles as dLGieultifi to be overcome. \ Their denomination wsB raised up to promote missionary ' eute^irise. The evangelistic zeal of Miss Catchlove was one of the sources of their success at Broken - Hill- Other young ladies helped. Fully'200 people had been converted in their meetings ai Broken Hill. They had had borne remarkable ? ' casesof conversionaud sometimes theirineetings had been continued until midnight. The five Methodist ministers each Saturday evening ^, stood on a trolly at the corner of Chloricie'anS J*r Argent streets speaking to Hundreds of people By this means many were spoken to who .other: ' ' - wise would never liave listened to the'£raspeC The Rev. C. Tresise said he' felt' there- exmsibility of being appointed at 'the 'last onference to collect £2, 2G0 most acutely, but was glad to be able to report success. He had ivorktd in faith, and faith in God was ever victorious. He had received help from all. their friends. He believed 'in united 'work * with faith, and had exercised himself to obtain . the sum. The motion was then put and ^carried with enthusiasm. ? ' ' ' ''' ' ' A comprehensive vote of .thanks to ,th^ speakers and the ladies who had helped at the tea, moved by the Rev. E. Gkatton' anU seconded by Dr. Toau, was heartily carried.''* 