ON VERSATILITY AND OTHER THINGS. ? it was-,,-? [SEEM.] Valldlus out nature testimonial queen doctrinal argiimcutuin.-St. Amdhosk. A letter received a few days ago from a fellow-worker in Hongkong brought me, among the rambling pleasantries of other facts and articles (fancies predominant, of course), tidings of the death of Browne with your consent, patient reader, we'll call him Browne ; with the final vowel, its not a bad name. In my last letter northward I'd inquired concerning Browne, and with horse simplicity, set (as I have said) amidst a sheaf of verbal pleasantnesses, came the reply "Dead, poor beggar I Malaria; He He year ago, Bacchus assisted the Spanish sawbones to-deepatch him, I'm told." Poor Browne I _A Some years ago I left the goôoT*Bh!p Conqueror, of Boston, after four months of none too delicate shipboard duly, in Hong- kong lost her with the emphatically expressed determination never to sail the vasty deep again save as a cibiu-passonger, becomingly comfortable. I took this resolve ashore with mo-and two Mexican dollars. No great wealth, one would think, to cause cheerful indifference to future possibilities in the heart of a prodigal in s, for country ; but I was younger then. One can find good fellows in Hongkong, as a pressman with grit and reasonable adaptability can say where. I met Browne, first of all. He was curious, in a gentlemanly fashion, and I nonchalantly explained my circumstances, throwing in a few remarks explanatory of my view of a life on the rolling deep. Browne told me I was a fool with a reprehensible adjectives popular with Britons in the East. Then he took me to his hotel, and explaining my position and prospects to the landlord's satisfaction, installed me in a room next his own. Thereafter wo tossed for drinks (I was wickedly young at this time), and I spent my two dollars. Browne and I want to Canton together delicious, sweet-smelling city, Canton Island to Japan. Browne was a remittance-man-the black sheep of a smugly respectable English family. He had received a substantial sum a day or two before I met him, and was childishly anxious that I should help him to spend it which I did, with enthusiasm correspondent to his own. There was no particular obligation felt or expressed on either side, Pressmen both, in a part of the world where the traditions of delectable Bohemia are still preserved as sacraments inviolate in every representative newspaper office, the feeling would have been precisely the same had the positions been reversed. Your Englishman at large can spend much money in and about Yokohama, and Yvo shortly felt it expedient to' part. Browne departed north, as temporary English tutor to an officer of a vessel of the Russian Volunteer Fleet voyaging to Vladivostok ; I shipped to Singapore, there to take my place at 3 ¡Ubsïùlnaia oar In "mine own Fate-appointed galley, Subsequently I was enabled, to help Browne when he lay sick almost to death during a time when Cholera the Awful ruled triumphantly in Bangkok and British lives were cheap and for a while bearded ruffians were went to introduce themselves to my soundness with letters of introduction from Browne, Now he's dead. Poor Browne ! All this rambling rubbish, most tolerant reader, to introduce the fact that Browne was a man surpassingly versatile, and co to yield me opportunity of speaking, as. boat my WcakooBs enables me, in favour of Versatility, Browne was a cosmopolitan by instinct. A University graduate and a scholarly man-the conjunction is not invariable there was still in him no trace of the pedantic I myself discovered pages of his history dealing with such widely sundered tracts as Mexico and Majorca, Alexandria and the Carolines, the green luxuriance of Java, and the arid wildernesses which presently environs Jericho. He'd been a sailor, a soldier, a trader, a lecturer, a teacher of languages, and a free-lance in various of the lower walks of literature. Also a reporter; had sunk very low. I heard of him once as pianist to a peripatetic French opera company in Saigon. Of him we need say no more. He has passed (undaunted, I'll warrant) into the Great Silence. Possibly he is yet short of that realm radiant where lies the Here- after of "gentlemen unafraid." Pearce to his passage ! In these days of our progress, Pelf, Boodlodom and Cant, joining hands blood crusted, combine to jeer at versatility as a thing not profitably marketable, " Jack of all trades'' they quote, quick to add the gibing termination, '< master of none." Old adage are frequently no more infallible than are some of the silver dawn of our modernity. Our latter-day Jack.o fall Trades, is, not infrequently, an adept in several, and a vastly more useful servant to his race and time than your mere mechanical expert, impotent when lifted from his own narrow and well lubricated groove, can possibly be. It's your versatile folk, ever thrusting meddling fingers into unexplored marvels, who have given us such few com- ponents of our civilisation as. merit jubilant recognition, Let us follow, the clearing, and resort to anecdote. I once heard of a man in the States who was privileged-or, shall we lay, con- demned to witness all the horrors attend- ing a great fire in a populous city. The Devouring Element devoured to such cruel purpose that many human lives were forfeited before the beast and, with sinister late fashion, is well- gorged repose. Our American war shocked, During the first few" troubled days he was so perturbed that he spoke more than once through the dark, ¿.e'tlguia trifles, It 4»wnt4 upon him that, had he been in one of those upper - storeys, he would have been impotent as those well. remembered shrieking wretches were, and his soul too had aged. He valued his soul ; he desired to die in bed, surrounded by the Rev. Silas Sleek, his sorrowing family and friends, and all the customary appurtenances of woe. Forthwith he commenced a rigorous course of training. At the end of a year he was a marvel. where a fly could cling, that American could find a foothold ; the fire that could have barred his passage would have consumed a salamander. He could drive safely into a sheet from a dizzy height ; he could breathe with the freedom of a sleeping infant with a hundred pounds' pressure of water heating full on his face from a hose nozzle. He made himself such a nuisance to the press of that unhappy State, by penning untold columns of enthusiastically incoherent balderdash on fire prevention, that three tortured sub-editors committed suicide and American sub-editors have souls above the ordinary cares of life, and ordinarily die hard. This adept came, in course of time, to plant for a con- flagration with longings unspeakable. He might have parted himself into chronic hysteria ; but something happened. He went yachting with certain verdant amateurs, and achieved a decorously damp death. Pity he had not learned to swim If this anecdote is considered quietly it will be seen that its name implied contention is ponderously wise. A little versatility is a useful quality, even in a fire expert. Speaking of fires, there is a fire which attacks the brains of certain of the unhappiest wretched-a fire none the less lamentable and destructive because its outer evidences do not commonly awake the clamorous enthusiasm of the Immun herd. Few people (happily for them), can form any estimate of its ravages. 'Tis known as Insomnia. Occasionally its flames crackle horribly in the cerebral chambers of bewildered press- men, and good folk who stumble across such in their dreary foronoonB, noting the outer signs of the horrors indwelling, shake their heads after the fashion of BagacIouB idiots of their sort, and Bay, " Pity he drinks I " Of all the torturing auxiliaries of soul consum- ing flame that the hottest blast furnaces of Mull dole out to weary men, this insomnia is the worst : I'm not speaking now of the fires that man frequently kindles to torture him self. Insomnia has flung gruesome burdens into suicides' graves, and those same sagacious prattlers have wondered what secret sin or trouble had driven poor So-and-so to " do such a thing," ingeniously charitable surmises following as a matter of course. It has played dreadful havoc with human atoms, tins Innomma. Poor Thomson has indicated its iniquity in the mournful melody of awful verse. He is but one the multitude of sufferers can voice no heart cry in majestic numbers ; the greater multitude repose somewhere out amidst the secret places of the Beyond, and have no concern with squirming creatures of day. We all know, generally, how valuable and indispensable a luxury sleep in. We can talk glibly about it (glib verbosity on all subjects is the keynote of this age), and sigh with fat content between sr loving intervals long-drawn. Some of us can even quote poetry in its favour : some of the poetry beautiful enough, as this There is a cost for all things. On still nights There is a folding of a million wings The swarming honey-bee is unknown woods, The speckled butterflies, and downy broods In dizzy popular heights : . Rest for trimmer able nu'iioleHS things, - Host for the creatures of the Sea and in the earth and in the starry Air. Why will it iiotunbiudcii mool care? It comes to meaner things than my despair. O weary, weary night that brings no rest to me ! Very sweet and tuneful - very But the soul of the insomnia-victim is out of tune. He knows a good deal ; but he can't commonly eating acceptably about it. Your butcher, reeking with the blood of beasts, has a fuller realisation of the beauties of sleep, if he knows Insomnia as a personal enemy than your poet who com- mences" his soulful *snorU"Tognlarly'thirty minutes after supper. And so it comes that poor Browne, by the mere act of befriending mo, fliBgs this dis- cursive twaddle upon the breakfast tables of Tasmania. Truly, " the evil that men do lives after them." But his spirit, drawn, perchance, from out the shadows to my elbow now, breathes no censure. If shades could speak I might hear his pitiful " Poor beggar Fancy his sitting there making copy out of me" What pleasant converse some of we sons of Ishmael might have if we could only materialise the best loved of our ghosts It would be pleasant now to feel the genial handclasp of that departed Bohemian, and question him on things beyond our mortal ken. After such a conversation one might write a book and arouse the envy of the glibly pious Stead. Happy Browne 1 he lived out his cheerful life after his own fashion, and hurt no man ; he died in the heart of the tropics he loved. Ah, those tropics ! Malaysia is literally clothed in living green " Outside the desecrating influences of what we call civilisation the verdure of the happy Islands reaches to the high-tide level, and the cocoanut palms wave their tasselled crests right over the brink of old Ocean. Sumatra and Borneo and Java, and, the thousand and-one smaller Islands, are gloriously apparelled Far out beyond the beaches lies the jungle and for splendour of floral decoration and entrancing variety of delicious verdure, I have not found the one of the Malayan jungles anywhere Orchids, precious us silver in the eyes of far- removed modernity, having neglected in all directions. Here a wonderful parasite resembles a great; tree as it towers into the leafy heights far above ; but if you examine. it, you will find it a hollow sham, The tree was there till the parasite came and first embracing it lovingly, ultimately killed it, in a fashion almost human. So that now the tree has gone to the limbo of the over-trustful, and only the shaft of parasitic trellis-work, hollow as the heart of a rake, marks the spot where we stood, And near by you flour pitcher pUnt and pepper plants - gambier and gutta-percha the ripe palm, the sago palm, and the cocoanut palm, chief of its race caladiums, opinion, cIbbub, and foliage plants galore, with feathery tree-ferns in masses rhode- desirous, clorodendrons, rattans, troops chums, arums, sterculia, azaleas, natural, pandanus - all in their natural state, and all luxuriant. And the fruits of Malaysia are wonderful. The pineapple is there, in much-admired variety, and the mangosteen, with its subtly delicious fragrance and exquisite flavour. And the durian king of fruits with its great seeds embodied in luscious custard pulp inimitable by earthly cooks, and its pungent odour, which is-wall, not nice, said by the Philistines to resemble very sour paste flavoured with rotten onions. And the granadillas, and the duca with a death like that of a particularly rich pear flavoured with almonds, and the custard apple, and the banana in its hundred delightful varie- ties from the present moment, smaller than one's thumb, to the Pisang stands, eighteen inches long. But these Huons become agonies in retrospect, Let us sleep and (it may be) dream that we are with Browne again, out in the sunshine, under the palms. Versatility and Insomnia, By the way, occasionally join hands, and they have in these columns at this time, 