WESLEYAN CHURCH; ' " TEN DAYS' MISSION. . " A. ten days' mission was commenced in the Kyneton Wesleyan Ctmrch on Sunday by lthe Bev. D. O'Donnell, in .evangelist of repute, who both Sunday morning and eren ing drew luge congregations. At the mora ing service tiie rev.gentleman preached from Acta 1 chapter, 8th venae shall re. cejiejiower »fter the Holy XJhost is coma nponyon, andyeahall be My.jritneases." It was Hgned that very many who proteased Christianityirere powerless, deroidof moral conug* nSsnceeasfnl, and- were generally dissatisfied, ud -could not eves understand why they bacam^ChriatUna^it ^Lbntrthe t cause wasoften -foUnd'in the tact roat an«ih a professors regarded conversion aim; * something wliich' fitted them for beaten instead of for serving Hod on earth. Many complained that they tud not the power for aach service, and it was to such as these that Ghrist spoke in thetext. Even Vieapostles before the day of Pentecost lacked the moral courage requisite for tin one fulfilment of their Christian' profession, for they all for- •wk (heir blaster .and Jed. Bat as soon u the Pentecostal power bamenpon them there commenced a aeries of conquests 'which continned rijjht on to *he end. The promise in the ten was not merely intended for the apostles, but for the'whole church through- ^outldljtBns. : Christian^ in the first-plice, should witness for. Christ by testifying ior Iffir fat ^CtortiahfOTtow-ine la M of raeHrmraianahip^of Je8its Christ." Just ai the sculptor Benzoni is known by his statu' aiy to 'a great artist so Christ's greater -work should be reflected from his pedple. They should witnesses for Christ in the home, in business in the social circle, so that people might be able to say of them, > u I knew that man ten or five yean ago, •and what wonderful change . haa. come under him." That was what Jesus meant by witnessing for Him. If- conversion was whatthe Bible Bays it is, it ahonld make a nidical change in a -man. Although -Peter, & the presence of men, lacked the courage, and even denied Christ with curses, yet . lie repented with tears... Had they in" the chord that morning ever done so ? 'Had they not often heard Christ's name taken in vain , without any word of reproof falling bom tbeir lipsf Had' they ever at such linn said tone blasphemer,"Excuse me, I will not idlow youtoepnak thus of Christ, for feels toy friend; that Han died for me." They never, would have the courage to Bpeak for Jesus flhrist nntil the power of the Holy Ghost jcame upon them. Many' were opposedfo epecticular .results in connection 1 with iconversiaa, but in the. creation of the urorid there was snch. and also at the birth of Christ, and why not then^t conversion, which was in reality a new creation. And it was so on the day of Pentecost, when this lambent flames played on eveiy brow, and if they, too, got filled with the' Holy Ghost, men we see that they "had got possession of somethhg iheyjhad never-had before. Like unto a beautiful cathedral window, seen in all its loveliness from ihe inside when tiie gun ahone .throngh, 80 would ..they be if Christ shone throngh their lives, or like onto an organ when by the pulling , oat of the stops and turning on the swell, harmony after harmony was produced, so was it with themselves when faculty after facnUy was filled with the Holy Smrit Many professing Qbriltjaos would; rather do_ anything than witness for Christ in public, or read the Bible in a railway train. IpuDgmen especially, should have the courage to aajr.they loved Jesus, before -their "chums." Peter, who before the Holy Ghost came opon him, WIS afraid : bf the Jews, subsequently went hits their very midst and accosed them of mixdbitog : h»s\ -iord.": ;'|tiny "yonng - men thought it unmanly" to be a Christian, but did jhiv Sai^Bge^i BogSh General Gordon tuSaamy T Jj they were saved; Jesus to them would "be " the fairest among ten thousand, the altogether lovely." It was pot so much they getting more of the Holy Spirit, but the Holy Spirit getting more of them. . . . , ; In the evening 1 the -»r gentleman preached from the text 2 Cor., 13 c, 6 v.: 'Examine yourselves whether ye be in the aith ; prove your own -selves." In all the Tsrious departments of life men were accustomed to take -nothing for granted but to maintain -a-«onstant oversight and mvestigation-in <oder to ascertain exactly where they-are and bow tiiej stand in the financial world. In things physical the same Tulewas adopted and remedies applied for any spiting disorders. How much more then (n things epMtual should Jiuoh tests be applied. It woold be a tarrihla thing for mifiy St the last day who thought all along that they mn Christians, to wake tip and find the door closed. Many who wen preaching, tsuhing, ami holding various offices in the eburch never knew, tha converting Grace of God. That was an awfnl&ct; They should therefore ascertain whether they were-in tie faith or not To make men know that they Were Christum they ; would hare to prove it to them by their lives. ' • Paul had described Conversion as a passing ont of death into life «M like a dead body insptred'with fresh ^I^w^iwdw'A znanmight pnadi the Qospel till-he died and then go to . hell. To »ee the difference wrought ly She "new man in 0brid-3esni'' tiMjr aeedinly compare Paul's character after his corivemon with that before it. If all those p»»ent woe converted he wonld ask did tbfflrfriends know it, and did they find, it out- themselves without being told ? That was tbe best test. A tense of Christ's dwelling in ia.man's heart m heaven begun •below.: Jnst u Uie "chief characteristic in the life 'of Christ was'love for the world; so it should be in them., The noble, ' {iTsi and (wlMenying wojkof tfeneral Boithj flfMiij Bodf^i, Who ajiir IfitetT on ^tidl' con-: gosrsd in the slums' of the iioaleralds' of Paris; and General Gordon Sn Khartoum,- were graphically described as instances'of the^ossitility of living and maintamiiig- »uch- a"life on earth, while the etory of-'an 'Army lass following to the Yami'a bank and rescuing for. parity,for God and heaven a Allen sister, Was t) 1ms pathetic in narration. There were in Victoria 80,000 of such «rring sisters,' WOO of them bang in Velboume ' flone. 33ns meant «0,W0 fallen men. v Tbe( pen called those harlots fidlen »(Mntn, %nC ; faoclcd dovrn. Hey had none tp lovesud: ' fiteem them in their wretched *ion&itaon;, : bnfc' the mfem&l; wretches who mined than were: p be found frequently in fhe ^rawing JOOm,| unoetiAtetvi they were' ,|eiponsibleforthedofrn&l; (Of manya girl; %bo wu onee " as .jBiip Mr ^^.beautifBl; t®w." In Jlelbouroe . jiiany jt. poor sin- Itrickenone wtmded hpr'jfay JtP *h3e 100^06' lilaep. Men of^n |ili^^)B^-iiiterest"before: Christ, and several e^ampLes ;of jrach^^re! pointed out. There waa work for aQ' tc'do! .tor -CSirist,W4 theywinlS never fae^ahlr itunta:they wsw.'Iilm^H^ViMjanjr.^ nndertske suoH :worko^y^iey> , «rereafiii3 of bar reputation or whst 'Sgggty wbidd think! of thsm, a ffi&sd;&of; no repu-' titum. The? wouw placeCTferything on tbe : tor if Shr^tlove might cane into them, and vietred Inr tluastand^d,; who, he asked, were Christiana S" 15 Theymight Hcrive the fulstfk o^Obrirt'a'eptnt that nighty hpnceforiii in worfaae'fbr' Hid they f»Wd Wable-tb 'say"IHrnot X'UitCbSst mtf" -- --- ' There was a fair attendanpe' sft IheWea- Wm Church last night,' when (he B«r D-i vDonoell continued the ndswontaflaeJivered -« most impressive address. TMsafhsrnooatt ?iH>14a.Bjble rpwJin* and^iis evening 