'TRUTH' THINKS I That Sir George Dibbs is very slow about proceeding with his postal Reform Act. That the Legisla ive Assembly is in a state of brawlsomeness and bel ligerency. fhat Solicitor Feely seems fated to pro .-nUpfhe resentment of the Judges by bis uiiduezeal onbenalf of his unfortunate clients. ihat Mr. Sleath, M.P., showed his good , sense in declining to endor&e; the gag ging proposals of his ' aristccrauc' colleagues. Tfiat the ' Telegraph's ' attack on the musical perivrmances of the blind st idents 4s generally condemned as wholly unrndtted. That the legal, is a just and proper^j^^^HPsut one which has ( perhaps^^^^^^Rry reason) a beauti ful^^^^^^^HPTsing the Legiblative ' fha^B^HRnof Germany! in enforcing justice to one of its subjects abroad, is» in admirable contrast with the actiun of Great Britain in the Co&ta; R/ca Packet outrage. That Mr. Virney Parkes is apparently ' a chip off the old block,' notwithstanding which his financial misiortunes are ihe subject of much well-merited con dolence. That it was ' in accordance with the eternal fitness of things' to find the Honorable Mr. Goula voting for the Parliamentary Gag, otherwise termed ' the Closure.' That the friendly relations between Mr. G. H. Reid and Mr. W. J. Lyne, wbe.i off duly, as evidenced by their oratorical pleasantries at the Warren Show, is exactly as things shou.d be. That i'. is high time 'Hansard' was abolished, and in its place a contract entered into with oneof the daily papers to publish a sensible synopsis of each day's proceedings in Parliament. That Miss Sylvia Blackstone, the talented compeser, who has lately been honored with a special invitation to play before Lady Darley e»i j&mitl; f, is a credit to Colonial culture and native genius. That the metnber for Singleton should take steps to arrest the Singleton Ghost, who is eviuently transgressing bis , apparitional ticket-of-leave in haunting the sacred precincts 01 Mr. Gould's elec torate. That the Crown, in renewing the prose cution of Ei nest William Bell, the un fortunate ticket-of-leave, leaves itself open to the suspicion that it is resenting the recent hostile criticism in Fress and Parliament. That even the most bigoted of Freetraders admit that it is an anachronism to find a Labor member espousing Freetrade— which practically means cheap com modities for the classes and cheap wage for the masses. That the various medical experts who have been examined by the Royal Com mission do not seem to echo the cry* 44 5 am as certain that prisoner is guilty as if I saw him make the five separate attempts at poisoning.' That the Police Department is ill-advised in taking one of its leading officers away from his surveillence of criminals and sending him to the Racecourse to watch ihe policemen off duty, and see that tlicy don't make wagers. That the newspapers, which assured their readers a week or two back, that there was 'absolutely' no truth in the rumor that Mr. Ecdy had severed his connec tion with the N.S.W. Railways, are now beginning to pipe a different tune. Tliat the impartiality of insanity is . demonstrated by ihe fact that on the samt^J-v ihat Oscar Wilde was reported to have gene' mad in Jriis cell, two sober, respectable, rcligious-atiuded , men brothers— became violent lunatics a* Bulli. That the promotion of First-Class Con stable George Ev; ns, of No. I Division, to the rank oi Senicr Ccnbiablc, is oue of those well-earned meritorious prefer ments to which no exccpl.on can he taken either by the j;uViic or his com- | rades- ] That the Govci : r. - r.t has a brass- bound I hide in cj:i -5i.c.:ng the public money on tie hire oi carriages i^r tl*e use of barristers who may wish to attend the Governor's levee. 'Why not provide carriages icr all the lawyers and doctors as well? That by the death of ihe sire, Nordenfeldt, for. Hnrrie.i-n 1r,ei»s a nrmrclv whose loss is only minimised by the extent and value of the dead horse's' progeny, of which that popular and respected sportsman fortunately has the 'lion's share.' , That the Butchcrs* Picnic next Wednes day is one of those annual gatherings which, under the secxetaryship ot Mr. John Weir, is bound to be a jovial and merry meeting, such as is always characteristic of the conventions of the 'Knights of the cleaver' when on holiday bent. That Working-men should take note that the application of the Closure in the recent debate wsfc initiated on the separate proposals of Gardiner, Fagan, and Nicholson— three as sorry specimens of political crudities as ever devoted thtir imbecilities to acting as catspaws for a Party in power. That the system of police promotion is sadly jn need of re-modelling; for in stance, in some districts all the promoted men are Orangemen, while in others all are Roman Catholics. The man whose creed is colorless hasa very poor chance ) -unless, as an alternative, he can effect a matrimonial alliance with a Minister's maid-servant. T1 at when the public read in the papers that Mr . Nicholson, X£.P.» had succeeded in his proposal for the application of the G«g in Parliament, it was amusing to nove vhe frequency of the qtiery ' Who the devil's Nicnolson? I didn't know there was a man by that name in the Parliament.' Thus do 'fool* rush in where angels fear to tread.' 