SPORTING. lir ' Avbub s Ghost.' Nominations close to-day fir three princi pal events in connection with the Naran dera Turf Club Annual Race Meeting, and those interested A'ill please t.ike this as a reminder. The Grong Grong Racsa lake place on Wednesday, and promise to be a great sue-. The Narandera Pony aud Galloway Racosl take placs on Monday next, and judging byj the entries received, the meeting should bcl a great success. I The Morundah folk hold a day's races onfl Easter Monday. The nominations received a are excellent, and those attending the meet- 1 ing should have a pleasant outing. 1 L'.ioy, (late Alarm) winner of the hurdle! race at the Turf Club meeting and also atl the Picnic Races of Waggra, liis been pur- 1 chased by a local sportsman. J Lucy anl Tokeu have gone into Laoehaii'sa stable, making the team under that trainer's! care number eight. M All the local ponies are undergoing a good* preparation, and will hold their ovrn onfl faster Monday, the 13.3 and 14 hands races! I fully exrect to remain in town. m Cradle won the Hawkcsbury Hwdicap oi9 Saturday, Qaeeusborough being second, andfl Llena third. 1 The burial of the lats Mr J. A. Scar* took place at the Randwick cemetery. Tm coffin, which was of polished oedar, ««1 covered with wreaths sent by various racing clubs and many friends of the deceased, and was followed by tbe aldermen of the borough | of Manly. The remains were brought from* Unnlir t-ji ilia «*if.v nsiA t.iiprA mnt-.Vkir fViA.n». presentatives ot tbe A.3.C. and other racing olubs, together with a representative gathering of racing people. In Melbourne lost week a mw named Fineberg, who described himself an a book maker out of luck, attempted suicide by shooting himself twice in tbe mouth J. M'Girrisil ison soratoh (2yds) in the Statrell EisterOift, MOyds ; L. Marsh on 2iyds, and 3. Marsh on 3£yds. The Wild Man from Borneo won tbe Liverpool (EngUnd) Grand National Steeple chase. In another column will be fonnd tha pro gramme of tho Hay Jockey Club's annual meeting. ? _ The privileges ct toe i ony chid were sola on Saturday lost, realising satufictary prices. Th» total amount obtained being £21 16s 6d. ' , . The date of closing of entries for the prin cipal events to be run at the Hay Jockey Club's Hooes onjtday 8 and 9, close with tho secretary, Mr G. Sadler, on Tuesday, April 23. Old Wombat won the Berrinn Turf Club Handicap on Thursday, Starlight 'second, Karoo third. Momalong won the Trial Stakes and Ladies'Braoelet, while the Dis trict Members' Race fell to Starlight. - Broudcedar is top weight in the two handicaps to be run *t the Goonambil Races. Tbe late Mr A. J. Sc^rr, is reported to ?have sever been astride a horsa ; yet he knsw as much aVrat horses as anyone in the oolony— cspeoially ' stiff uns.' Nepean, by Cheater from lolanthe due of tha oolts sent to England by the- bite Mr James White, is now in the stud of the Ameer of Afghanistan* One hundred and seventy tiokets in the St. Atbani distribution have beenappliej for by one family. 