SUNDAY THOUGHTS. The talent of snocesB is nothing more than doing what yon dan do well; ana doing whatever yon d^—without thought of fame. If it come at all, it wul come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. The great high road of human welfare lies along the eld pathway of steady well-doing ; and they who are the most persistent, ana work in the trnest spirit, will invariably be the most successful; success treads on the heels of every right effort. Do not dare to .think that a child of God oan worthily work out his career or worthily serve God's other children unless he does both in the love and fear of God the Father. Ambition and charity will both grot? mean unless ihsy are both inspired and exalted by religion. Be not anxions for the shadow of a great name, nor tor the acquaintance of many, nor esteem thyself better than others, leai uapiy thou be accounted worse in tie Bight 01 God, who knoweth what is m man. Like alone aots upon like. Therefore do aot amend by reasoning, but by example; approach feeling by feeling ; do not hope to excite love except by love. Be wnatjou wish others to become. Let yonrseif ana not yoar words preaoa for yon. It is from the s>ate of oar minds that con tentment arises, and not from the amount of our possessions, if we are not " content with suoh things as we have," we are not dkely to be if we succeeded in attaining what we dBBire. In dark periods we aoqoire a special interest in the Word of God. Times oi adversity bring ont multitudes of precious promises, as night brings out the stars, A mans own conscience is his own tribunal; and he should pare no more for that phantom, opinion," than he should tear meeting' a ghost if he cross the church yard at night, One great characteristic of holiness Is never to be ewaoting, never to complain, for eaoh oemplaint drags ns down degree in our upward course. On no account negleot the duty yon owe to friendship, relatives, society; but re member eaoh day to preserve some portion cf it for yonrseif and God only. Never soorn anything that seems wanting in brilliancy, but remember to be really happy we must have more virtne.than know 