BOUffl) THE WORLD. Cincinatti. women have just set an example of energy ana resource which the cities of the old world en vy in vain. Remonstrance with Bum bledom having proved unavailing, 100 women of Cincinnati, gun-bonneted, in calico dresses, and carrying brooms and hoes, marched into the main street of the' city one fine morning last month, and began to clean it They went to work with a will, and crowds of men and the passengers on itne trolleys applauded vigorously. All day long the women scraped and swept the dirt In piles into the gutters. Many brought their children, and eat their dinner on the kerbs. Wihen sunset came the city had been cleaned from Virginia Avenue to the Corporation line, half a mile away. Thousands came to see the street clean for the first 'time in six months. The object of the crusaders was to put the street cleaning department to shame, and they did it eo effectually that the city has been clean ever since. The question of the utilisation of the zebra as a beast of burden is coming to the front At the Tring Agricul tual Association's Show at Tring last week the Hon. Walter Rothschild drove round the ring a team of ze bras, which had been well broken in. Nor is this the only instance of these animals being made subservient j to man. Zebras have occa ! sionally been employed in the Traunsvaal in lieu of bullocks on some coach roads, but the task of taming them has hitherto been almost hopeless. Most people have heard of the Indian snake-charmers ; not everybody knows that there are Indians' who go out into the wilderness and charm jfche foxes and wild beasts. An interesting account of a per lormance or this kind is given oy Mrs. Gardner in a recent book of travel. Ele phants had been sent for, and the party adjourned to a jungle about two miles from camp, and this is what took place: ' The conjuror told us to remain quiet whilst he went forward-about a hundred yards and concealed himself behind a bush. He then began a muffled chuckling kind of call, which he kept up without ceaeing. In about two minutes a fox came out of a little nullah close by, and, looking suspi ciously about him, trotted towards the noise. Then came another, and pre sently two or three more ran in from different directions. Soon four or five appeared in the distance, followed by several others, and finally two big jackals, quite half a mile away, came galloping up as if afraid of bbing too late for the fun. At last there must fcave been thirty or forty foxes and jackals clustered together like a pack of hounds not a hundred yards from the bush. They all looked frightened, and seemed to come against their Trill; and the instant the man stopped his chant every one of the animals fled as if the spell -were broken.' The details of the return of the Black burn man after an absence of nearly twenty years, and who' had long been given up as dead by his wife, form a remarkable modern parallel to the romance of Enoch Arden. About eighteen years ago a young Blackburn man, engaged in the building trade, married and ?with one child, suddenly disappeared from home, leaving no clue, except that it was generally belioved that he kad gone to America ' to seek his fortune.' His wife, having waited the prescribed number of years, and re ceiving no tidings of her husband, was married a second time, and lived happily up to a short time ago, when her second husband died. About a month after this event the wanderer returned to Blackburn, and heard from a shop Keeper, who was ignorant of the 'wife's second mar riage, that she was still at the old borne. Arrived there, the man was met' by a young woman,, his daughter, and while he was relating to the ? incredulous girl the tale of his wanderings his wife suddenly appeared. She swooned on seeing what she supposed to be the ghost of her dead husband, and when she recovered from the shock she told her tale of waiting, and he of his wanderings in search of the fortune . he never obtained. -The man is now at home with his wife and daughter. The village of Triihg.™, says the ' Leeds Mercury,' is unique among East Yorkshire villages in one respect, and that is in the possession of a bull-ring, which still re tains that name. The church, though, otherwise little above the commonplace architecturally, has a fragment of an earlier Norman structure, now forming the south, doorway, which, to the archsB ologist, is worth a journey of many miles to see. It is richly moulded and adorned with sereral varieties of chevron ornament, and above there is some very beautiful diaper work. The open space where the bull was baited, at Kilham, is a widening out of the roadway immediately adjoining the church, and probably the baitings were under the sanction and patronage of some of the former vicars, and more likely than not, would often be held after morning service on Sunday, for so common did bull baiting become on a Sunday that James First had to put a stop to it on that day. The best view of the baiting would be from the churchyard, -which would be filled irith spectators whilst the bull was being tortured by the dogs, or, as might happen, the dogs were being disembowelled by the bull for the amusement of the people. The massive iron ring, let into a large block of stone, to which the bull was wont to be tethered by a rope about fifteen feet long, until recently occupied a position in the centre of the bull-ring, when it was removed during the drainage operations, to a site near the church walL However incongruous the idea of a vicar taking a passive part in ball baiting may seem to modern ideas, little would be thought of it' a century and a half ago. Queen Mary and the royal ladies were entertained by an ancestor of the present Premier with bull baiting at Hatfield House; and Queen Elizabeth 'took especial delight in it.' On May 25, 1559, she entertained the French Ambassadors to a bull baiting,, with which they were so delighted that her Majesty never failed to provide a similar show for any foreign visitors she wished to honor. Pepys, writing in 1666, tells how in London he saw 'some good sports of the bulls tossing the dogs, one into the very boxes.' It does not seem to be known wben the last bull baiting was held at Kilham, but it was not till 1835 that baiting was finally put down by act of Parliament. The indifference of Scotchmen and Englishmen to the impending destruction of the 'most magnificent cataract out of eight and hearing in Great Britain,' as Christopher North styled the Fall of Foyers, by an industrial company, finds a laudable contrast in the care taken by Americans — who are usually regarded as worshippers of the almighty dollar — to preserve their finest scenery from van dalism. The Falls of the Yellowstone, of Yosemite, and- Niagara, are seme of the scenic gems which, have been preserved to the nation by their patriotism and love of, nature. Another is the Paradise Park of Mount Eainier. . in - Washington State, which includes the Mount, a volcanic pea of the Cascades over 14,000 feet high, and capped by glaciers. 