PROGRESS OF CHRISTIANITY Missioa Work at shi Islands. THE Bishop of Melanesia (Dr. Wilson) gave a most interesting address on "The Progress of Christianity among the Pacific Islands" at tbhe Pro-Cathedral last evening. The attend ance was fairly good, but not as large as might have been expected. Prior to the address a short service was held. The Bishop of Newcastle, Vicar-General Selwyn, Reve. A. C. Hirst, W. F. James, and S. C. Grime were present. The choir rendered several appropriate hymns. Bishop WLsON opened his address by re ferring to that day being Ascension Day, and to its heavenly surroundings. On that occasion Christ commanded his disciples to go into the world and preach the Gospel to every creature. If the C:hurch had worked asconsistentlyand energeticallyduring thelast 18 centuries as it did during the first 40 years of its existence, the Gospel would by this time indeed have been preached to every creature. He defended the evangelisation of the.heathen as being the fulfilmentof Christ's command to his disciples, and spoke in glow ing terms of the labdurs of Bishops Selwy._ and Patteson, The Melanesian Islands were 1200 miles to the north-east of Newcastle. The inhabitants of the islands originally came from Africa, and some from Malay. In some of these islands the two races mixed,. in others one race conquered the other or the islands were uninhabited and when progress was made they wore called Melanesia, to distinguish them from the islands of Polynesia in the Eastern Pacifio. All these islanders believed in ghosts or spirits, but not in any God. They had no worship. Their 'eligion was one of defence. They made sacrifices to spirits to preserve thLm from death and evil. They believed it was some spirit that caused' men to die. This and other superstitions were great stumbling blocks to the spread of the Gospel. The spirit of a chief is supposed to rule over the island for 50 years. The speaker described the horrible uonstom still existing in some places of "head hunting." He had seen war-canoes full of painted savages creeping along the coast waiting their opportunity to land and slay the. helpless villagers, men, women, and children, then to cut off their heads and take them as trophies to their own islands. In some places cannibalism was still in vogue. Within-the lbst- 40 years infanticide had sprng up, and was spreading right through the islands. The bhildren were. killed almost directly after their birth. Some have been rescued by the missionaries. ' It was easy for people to say " Let them be as they are," hut that was not fulfilling Ohrist's command. He denounced the laeiour traffio as being ruthlessly carried on. In. those villages where Christianity prevaile~d matters were very different. In Melanesia. there were between 300 and 400 different languages awd dialects. In spite of this dif ulty, there were 9000 native Cetristians iathe. islands, 400 native teachers in 120 schools, with 1200 men, women, and ohildren as pupils. These: have in a great manner changed the great part of Melanesia. After relating many remarkable instances of conversion of the natives, and their sunb sequent energy in teaching and preaohing the Gospel, the rev,. lecturer closed a most interesting address by an earnest and pathetic appeal to his hearers, not only for pecuniary assistance to carry on the good. work, but also for their earnest and co~ tinued prayers for the complete evangelis-.. tion of Melanesia. The proceedings closed with the Benedlo tion by the Bishop of Newcastle 