A Knife-thrower's Romance. It happened at Haoley, five years ago, when my brother Jim aod I belonged to tbe travelling circuit company. We were billed aa the 'Chinese Javelin- Tbrowere,' wbicb meant thstone of as stood motlou less against a framework, while the other oast two-edged knives all about blm from a measured distance Dangerous work, of oonrse, and work tbat required in cessant practice ; bat it paid, beoause we oould always bold tbe crowd's breath. Hundreds, for Instance, would pay their money just to see Xbat last triek, when tbe ttirower bad to pin his target's bead to tbe board by tbree Wadea burled In qulok succession— one on either aids of tbe neok and one over the orown. Our reputation for smartness was justified. I only remember one solitary miBCbanoe: Jim, swerving at a shout, bad onoe laid open my cheek. Quite by aooideot, of oonrse, because I don't suppose two men were ever more sineerely attached to one another than be and I — until tbat first night at Haoley, |uet before Christmas. Then tbe shadow of a woman somehow gilded between us. But you have guessed that. There could hardly be a romance without a woman. Tbe; eay tbat every woman basaWpd of beauty to some men's way of tbiaking. and perhaca tbat explains - why, wheal first saw Lottie Somerset, I. saw. some thing which set me trembling for my peace of mind at onoe. She had |ust joined us, and was riding as ' Brltaoaia' in the town procession, with dark hair waving loose, gauzey white robe flutter ing. clear eyes shining calmly down at the crowd, and slight figure swaying atop of tbe triumphal car. That was nothing. Most of them had a more or less angelic look on that lofty peroh. Tbe misobief began when, as Lottie stepped to tbe ground, we foand 'tbat distance bad lent very little to ber looks. I eay we, for Instinct told me very soon tbat tbe same fever bad eelzed Jim. Just as. I was conscious that I threw my best tbat night beoause sbe looked on from a side door, so I knew [that Jim held his ourty bead an Inch ' higher for the same reason. It was tbe same the nest night, and tb8 next. Be fore I knew it, a jealousy of bim and bis superior looks bad sprung up in me. ! He wae handsome ; more, be was coolly ; confident. Night after night I watohed bow, as be stood smiling there In tbe bright ilgbt, with tbe knives whizzing about bim, hie eyes were always turned to' tbat side door. Unoertalntyalone shacked anv words between ns. ! As tbe days went by, no one ooald^bave^eaid tbat either of us had . made awsglnto ,ber affeotions. Sometimes I would Us Be,J bad made ber understand, aod would go home on feet of air, while Jlm -Nvoqjd be moodily quiet 5 then.nezt nig tit, Jt mould bejlm tfitb tbeflusbef? obaeka, ahfl'my self Wbite^sesd aiMt savage. - We oeyjr spoke of it, yet tbeehadow gtew ^tbio^ei; between ns. And it-ajways- aeemed- io me tbat Jim, working in tbe .dark,, would be tbe winner in this silent, desperate struggle. For it bad eome to dfsnpration, . jOjoe night (our last but only one at Han ley) I saw ber give him- the sprig of- sbarlet berries she^ad just word. , Thai; was the match to the powder ; my jealousy flamed up in a moment. He was excited. He tallied feverishly as we walked baok to our lodg4og. I listened, teeth and bands olenobed. When be Bald, among other tbings, tbat Lottie Somerset was thinking of leaving tbe olrous, and had advised him to give up his dangerous profession, I felt as though he bad dealt me a physical blow. It stupefied me, or I tblnfc I should bave ended it then and tbere, because be spoke as though tbe seorets and desires of Lottie's heart were at one with his own. By the time tbat we reaobed our room I bated my brother Jim. Hate is tbe father of evil suggestions. I wanted those berries— or, rather, I meant to know bow mnob the gift im plied. But he seemed too excited understand. He est up oor dummy figure sgalQBt tbe wall and began practice, bat soon gave it op, because tbe knives either went wide or pleroed the dummy. Then he paced the room, saying that his band was losing Its cunning, and he sbonld oertalniy abandon the profession for a more noble one. Finally he sat dawn and hang dreamily over tbe sprig of berries, acting as though he bad been ?lone witb some great delight. And tbat maddened me. I .was hardly oonsclons of It, bat tbe truth ii that I snatched up one of the knives and took aim at him aa besat. No more than tbat. fie came to himself suddenly, and pat ap both bandB with a ebout of surprise. '? Max, Max, you'd never do it' to yodr own brother !' ' Drop them f' I whispered, so fiercely, tbat be begaa to realize. - He obeyed. '' Ob, Max f' was all be Mid, In.a sbooked voice. : 'Tbe knife fell from my l lo'vad bim even while I bated : ikR word from him wonld have broughtihe tbmy~khees.'. ; But be only sat, staring from me to the?, berries, fo -tbpt minute eaoh tried to: $ad tbe other's thoughts, and \ie mnst bape..read. aright, He picked np the. oerriee and held them out. *' Very well, then,' be said, quietly ; ' take tbem.' \- Passion 'bad mbde- me perverse. ' I qon't want them.' I Replied, harshly ; ' ( front ber!' I took up the knife bnd went to the door. ' Jim,' I said, point ing it at bjmt 'let that'toe ehough. ' It meapa— don't comebetween ns.' 1 Most of tbat night I spent wandering ihe streets, ready to ory like a oblld when I thought of him Bitting alone there, and insanely tneid again at ttre tbongbt of joaing Lottie to him. How be passed thf hours, Heaven alone oould know. I saw nothing .more of bim until tbe next evening, wbsn he and I walked as knights in the last prooession. He wa| a sbade paler tban usual, but did not sb'eak. 'little later ! saw hlm talfeiog earnestly wltb Lottie, and ber band rested upon bis own oooe or twice. Sbe beckoned to me, but then I was Id a blaze. I turned wltb a sneer, wbicb deepened when I saw ber surprised and pained look. ' Sbe, proud in her own way, wonld not beckon again, and when I came from the dressing- room, ready for our performance, they were still talking together. Presently Jim coughed and came across. ' Er — Max,' be began, ' I'm queer to-nigbt. I don't tbink I shall oome on — or not just yet ; get the mana ger to pot it ofl for a bit, will you !' He was very pale. Therefore I was hard aod unsympathetic as stooe. ' It's not connected wilb nervousness?' I said, laughing, because Lottie stood close by. ' Put it down to tbat, if you will.' He spoke and looked steadily, but hesitated all tbe same. Tbe iaugb had its effeot. A minute more, and be bad thrown oft his mock armour, and was ready. We stepped Into Ihe arena, bowing in response to tbe murmur of tbe crowd —a large one. The amphitheatre was packed, and I felt eqoal to a brilliant performance. Not so Jim, apparently. He took tbe first spell at throwing, and. bis aim was markedly bad— til bough tbe knives always went wide of the mark rather than too near it. He even omitted bis final trick altogether, and there was but little appisiuse when he etepped up to take my place at tbe board. And I, while I felt easily able to vindicate our reputation, yet bsd a queer, giddy sense ilnn tnr cvhifnh T nnnlH nnfc ftfwirint. Th« lights danoed ; tbe faces were blurred. Perhaps it was that, having my eyes fixed on Jim as I toed the mark, I .saw tbat be wore tbose'red berries In his vest as if in defiance. I threw carefully, and threw well. I can remember tbatsbout after shout went up as, after fixing a narrow and exact oirole of the knives about Jim's bead like a steel halo, I went on and planted a blade between every finger at bis out stretched bands. He stood very still that last night, and I thought Ioonld tell bow he overcame bis nervoosness when, hap pening to look behind, I . saw Lottie Somerset standing at the side door. Her bands were olasped ; she appeared to be in suspense. At tbat irritating sight, a wioked Inspiration floated into me. I had three knives left, and Jim— Jim stood tbere, bis white throat so clear ! To oheok it I did not try, but took a step or two forward, as though oaloulatlng for my aim. 'Jim!-: I oalled, so tbat be, and no one else, conld bear. I bad one of the knives in mv band. 'Jim! It can't go on longer. Quick !— Is she to be yours or mine !' He eeemed to grasp the situation, as I meant be should.. His lips moved, and I caught a faint' «£ax!' At that dreadful taoment be . looked, like. Borne iqartyr about to die for Us faith— but, doubtless, It was my oonsolenoesuggeeted tbat. He ooqld not well-escape, for bis waist was strapped to the board. Perhaps, too, my look - paralyzed him. I felt desperate enough, knowing, dully, tbat I contem plated risking life bere and soul hereafter out of love for, a woman wbp would never call me husband. Just a seoond more I hesitated. Then tbat vile Inner voloe whispered : ' Throw !' And I threw— for a spot ijust above those scarlet berries on his breast : threw wilb unnaturally steady aim, I thought, and saw tbe blade [quivering in— In Jim ! .... Then God was merolful enough to encempass my faoultles wltb an utter darkness. ? * * * * When It partly lifted, tbe arena and the ring of faces bad gone. I was lying on tbe bed in oor own room. And dreaming, surely. Fir there was avman at tbe foot of tbe bed, and when he raised bis face, it eeemed as though I was look ing at my brother Jim. He moved. It was Jim's voice that spoke. And, ob, bis eyes ! ' Max — ooward !' came tbe two hollow syllables. My owe tongue was Btlft. If I an swered, it was witb aJook.only. Truly I believed that Jim's ghost bad come to me. Tbe same hollow voloe aoapded again. a Yob need not speak ; yon, need not be afraid.' 'I know everything. I only WBlted to be snre tbat yon should know this, I've 'solved your problem; Two bfotbsra ttrte^ibe Saiqe woman: one more than jbls pwu Itfe ; |-ut tbe other— more than hiB immortal' soul, It seems. Ergo,-, be must bave ber, beoause bis love Is— IB tbe stronger. Thai's it. But tb«re'a p.popjditlon. ' Ihad nqjear yet; only vague awe at tbe InteOM reafleDi or the dream in which this narjtaHheaded mim put b hand to bis forehead,., jact as dead Jim .used some times to do.' ' There'll a joondltioo. I'll leave the way clear for yon j but If you marry Lottie'— he whispered impressively as he bent ov/sr — ' §nd ^then discover tbat your love was mere worthless passion; why, then I shall come baok and tBke the revenge I might bttve now, I mean, Max, I eball bave the' right then to win ber away from you, as I think I could have done a week ago !' ' A week ago !' he eald. Had that oblivion of mine lasted a week ? Turning away, be .went on : ' That's all ; don't hesitate on my acoonnt. Sbe doBs not know— at least, not what you and I know ; sbe thinks you are dying of love .'or her : as, of conrn6, yon are ; and I bave— I mean, you bave told ber as muoh In your- ravings.. Yes,' answering my look ; ' she haB been bere , she will be here again, when she gets this letter. . . . Good-bye. Max.'' He moved to tbe door, resolutsly, and for tbe fint time I' seemed to realise tbat It was sbmetblng more than a dream. I threw Ant my bands, and called weakly after blm ; 'Jim— one word I Jim !' For answer I heard bis footsteps on tbe stairs. And then that darkness oame upon me more black tban ever. * «'-'?* * ? I know now tbat the strange fever lasted altogether 'a^nt three weeks, and tbat It was really Iiattie who, finding me etrioken] and witbiiat a friend In tbe world, . threw off 'her womanly reserve and atrted the -anBelfisti. part whioh eo many liable women before now have filled-- To her care, indeed, l owe my re covery, and I cannot bat tbink that it was tbat time of helplessness which en deared hie to' ber. 'In tbe sensible inter vals of'thB dellrluta I altoays seemed to see'tieir tearful faoe hovering over me; and once I beard her whiaperiDg, over and over again, as ehe knelt: 'flodl only give him baok his life ! I'll be a better woman, and he'll bea better man I' She will never rightly know bow far Jim had acted the martyr. That lies be tween hitii and me, bebaUBe in tbe telling of it I might lose ' ber precious respect My knife had woanded Jim, bat only slightly, It was said. He explained it by saying that tbe inoipient fever had un nerved my arm. Aa for the letter, be bad bidden ber destroy it. I only gaess tbat its effect was -to bring her to my bed side In a fit of oompasslon. Five years bave gone, and never since bave we bad word nf Jim. Onoe, indeed, I. believe I saw bis faoe, but oannot be oertaln. It wae just after Lottie had whispered that sweet ' I will !' We bad turned from tbe obanoel, and I was just bending down to give her a husband's first kiss, when I thought Jim's whits faoe looked in for a moment at tbe Bide window. Fanoy it possibly was ; yet it was a warn ing of the trutb that, although I bave won Lottie, there walks, and always must walk, tbat shadow of Jim between us. 