'TRUTH' THINKS That ' the Land of tlie KOa** s-boul-i be a powerful draw. That Sir Henry Parke s has another oppor tunity to re-open the door of his political life. That the vacancy in tlie Phillip Division is to the dejccled. politician as an oasis Jfhattlie chemist, Smith, has been justly execrated on all sides fox* his guilty nurture of a guilty secret. That the ultimate revelation of Dean's guilt has no possible bearing upon the alleged misconduct of his trial. fhat Sir Henry Parltcs, if returned to Parliament, will infuse new life into the discussion on the Taxation proposals. That the Legislative Council is disposed to past* ilie Assembly's measures of taxation with the exemption clauses eliminated. ?Tha* people w *e not far wrong in their surmise of how recent discussions would aifeei the fate of ft'irs. Butler's ill-used brother. That Nev; South Waleshas never been so well governed ( from a vice-regal btund point)as during the period iu whicli she has had no Governor* Chat the cx- libor member who pawned his Parliamentary pass in a. Melbourne pop-shop, iviuyt have r^gavtied it as oue of the spoils of warfare. That Mr. Samuel Bov/en is the popular candidate lor Pliillip 'Ward., and is the type ol citizen who is likely to do a lot of good in the City Council. That the discovery of a female garrotter in the ranks of the city's criminals is scarcely the logical sequence of the agitation iorwoman's rights. That General Booth's return to Australia will mean the abstraction of a lot of Australian gold, which will leave the continent, to return no more. That great interest is taken in the forth coming drawing of tiie St. Alban's \- Consultation, the date ofwhich has been definitely fixed for the 24th instant. That the progress of legislation has been visiblyobstructedby the dexnauds upon Parliament's time in connection -with the thrif t- i ng-ou t of theftean ca.se. That it is hard to understand upon what possible pretence of proof the Govern ment keeps the cliarge of conspiracy hanging over the head of Mr. Crick. That Sir Charles Lilleyts published opin ions regarding the sacredness of com munications made by clients should cause some discussion in legal circles. TpiatMr. Joseph Cook#s pedlar-like inter ference with the philatelic currency has belittled the Postal Service of New South Wales, ia the eyes -of the philatelic world,' ^fhat the Dean Confession marks a signal triumph of ofacialdom over the public conscience, which, unfortunately for the next man's chance, struck a wrong chord. That the Government Iiave much to tb.ank their Attorney-General for, and notably iu respect to the vigor witli which he applied himself to the solution of the Dean mystery. 4That Mr. R. A.' Price has not decidcd whether to withdraw his motion against Mr. justic Windeyer or to persevere with it in the teeth of recent lucky , developments* That it seems an anomaly that the Acting* Governor should have toreport on a case dealt with by him as Chief Justice, and from which an appeal was made to the Governor-in-Council. That in the public interest Mr. Henry Copeland should withdraw from the Phillip Division contest and let Sir Henry Parkes fight tbe battle of federa tion and fiscal peace. That Mr. Meagher's self-closed, career was one of rare political and professional promise; and that' the manner of its termination is one of the saddest in cidents in colonial history. That the new Civil Service Bill will re move the Service from political influence and subject it instead to the influence of ' Swell-clubs, ' Imperial recommenda tions, and Army and Wavy nominations. That the new Civil Service Bill — like its predecessor— has been received with great jubilation and diffuse compli ment; and that, also like its predecessor, it will prove to be a case of ' from bad to worse.' That the Melbourne people are as hypo critical as their Sydney contemporaries— making a raid on betting-shops just as the Cup Carnival is in full swing under the eye and approbation of the authorities. % hat the general opin ion in the Legislative 'Council is that for dreariness of debate there is not much to choose between Mr. pulsford, Mr. Blanksby and Doctor Garran, any one of whom would drench the melody of a wake. That Dean's Confession was dragged from Slim under circumstances which do not merit much approbate on, for it is not right that an accused's friends should badger Jiim in prison, or txrge upon him. the expediency of confessing his guilt. tThat if Mr. Reid had listened to the re commendation of one of his colleagues, Jie would have deferred the commuta tion of Dean's sentence till after the sit ting of the Royal Conaxnissiosi--in which event neither Dean nor his solicitor would have insisted on the case being re-opened. That the final phase of the Dean case will remind old colonists of the fate of the murderer of Fisher, of 'Fistaer'sGhost' fame. The criminal in that case was convicted on absolutely no real incrim inating evidence, Just as the public Were protesting his innocence, the crim inal was scared into confessing and was duly hanged amidst tbe execrations of a mortified populace. That Mr. J. !? Marshall, dentist, has removed to 28 Wynyard Square j^near Pfahierts). 