The Flying Tick Pest in . New Caledonia. Travelled from Algeria to the Island,. Australia should be Guarded against It. Government Recommended to Talrn AnHnn Mb. Henry Copeund, M.L.A., of Hew South. Wales, has;recently 'visited the Island of New Caledonia, to in- speob the nickel mines. While there his attention was called to a flying tick jjubw wuivu u.muio vu..v.u uuu uwwd, and in the S. M. Herald he thus gives his opinion which are worthy the attention of all stockholders : — While in Noumea my attention was drawn to an abomination — certainly it must have been one of the plagues of Egypt. I allude to an insect which I can only describe as a flying tiok. I had no opportunity of inquiring of French scientists about this nameless horror, and all I could ascertain about it was that it came over from Algeria on live stock some five or six years ago. Some people were under the impression -that it came from Australia, hut I very promptly repudiated that connection. Already it appears to have spread over the entire island, and oan he found in greater or lesser numbers on horses or cattle in any part of the country, though, so far as I could gather, the insects do not patronise sheep. They are larger than the house fly, but their bodies and heads aro like solid india-rubber. Squeeze them as hard as you may, no impression is made on them, while, at the extremity of each leg, they possess either two or three sharp claws or talons. They, however, do not seem to burrow into the animal like an ordinury tiok, yet they appear to derive their sustenance in some manner from them, judging by the way they cluster round the parts where the skin is thin, and thoy certainly irritate the horse. The only ons I ex amined with a glass was alive, and, as I had a pin through it, it naturally fluttered somewhat, and I could not make sure whether it had two or three claws at the extremity of each leg, and they are so- strong that the gentleman who drew my attention to these abom inable insects' showed how one of them could hold a large oork by its claws while be held the tick. They did not not hover about like ordinary flies, but have a businesslike way of flying straight to their objeot; and in such numbers do they congregate that you can frequently scrape off a handful at a time from between your horse's legs or the more tender parts of his body, They do not attack man, though you frequently find them crawling about you if you have boon on horsebaok or near either horses or cattle. While at the mine I got one of the Frenoh workmen to placo about a score of these flies or ticks in a small phial of spirits with a view of submitting thorn to our Government scientists, and I was much surprised to notice their specifio gravity. I suppose an ordi nary fly, if dropped on the surface of spirit, would remain there at any rate for some time, hut these sank nearly as rapidly as small pebbles; but by the time they reached bottom they were apparently dead, I say " apparently " with reason, for I experimented with one by endeavoring to drown bin) i|ntii he was to oil appearance as . dead as a fly conld be,' and I kept him there for some time longer, as I wished to ex amine him with a powerful lens, but a second or two after I placed him on ii post for inspection he made a beelino straight for mo. However, as my im-, portation of this pest has been threo weeks in a well-corked phial of spirits, and the phial kept in an hermetically sealed bottle, I don't think oven thoir ghosts could materialise now. 1 now wish, with all tho earnestness which can bo expressed in print, to draw the attention of the. Government and tho stookownors not only of Now South Wales, but of tho wholo of Aus tralia, to the imminent danger of our Australian herds being invaded by this pest. Wo in Sydnoy do a direct trade with Now Caledonia ; and, if this fly could travel from Algeria to Noumea, what is to prevent it (unless rigid pre cautions are taken) from being im ported into New South Wales? I desire to say hero that it is tho furthest from my wishes to cause an impedi ment or diffloulty in the way of trade between ourselves and our Frenoh neighbours, whioh is clearly a profitale ono for ourselves, inasmuch as during 189b, while we only imported there from £21,417 worth, wo for the some year exported thereto £89,791 worth of goods. I hope, therefore, we may be able to continue developing this trade, and at the same time by scientifio re search keep out this creeping, flying horror — a horror to the imagina tion of man, and a real pest to horses and cattlo. If in somo six years it has spread all over New Caledonia, an island containing about 5,000,000 acres, and where there are comparatively few of either cattle or horses compared to the area of land, how muoh more rapid would its spread be when in the Australian colonies (excluding New Zealand) we have about 12,000,000 head of cattle and over a million and a half of horses. I have therefore thought it my duty to draw the attention of the Government and the stockowners in as pointed a manner as possible, in the hope that some immediate aotion may he taken to prevent the importation of this fly or any of its brood. It would appear to me that it would be. advisable for the Government to send ovor one of the most capable of our soiontifio'men to Noumea to study the habits of this inBect both . as to its effeot on horses and cattle, 'and the probabilities or otherwise either of the fly or eggs or larvn being imported, say, for instance, in the hides of cattle. I notioe that during 1898 we imported from New Caledonia the hides of 1660 horned oattle, besides hoofs, hones, and horns, direct way of importation. I cannot say for certain that the Messageries steamers carry milking cows on board, because I did not penetrate that far forward ; but it may be presumed they do, inasmuoh as there was an abundant supply of fresh milk on board, though of course it might have been kept fresh in the ice- ohamber, but I do not think so.-— Tho large boat's,- however, do not- goto the wharf at Noumea, butanohor about a quarter of a mile off the shore, and whether these flies would be inclined to take that much of a sea voyage, I cannot say. TheTanois, how ever, moors at the wharf, but whether she carries a cow or not I cannot say. One thing may bedependedon, and that is, unless precautions are taken, and very strict ones too, we shall juBt as assuredly be endowed with this addi tional pest as New Caledonia has been, and they certainly would not make things pleasanter either for the people in Sydney or in the country, while our horses and oattle would be in no way improved by their acquaintance. More over, in view of the foot that our pas- torolists are endeavoring to develop tho live-cattle trade with England, it may safely be assumed'that this fly, if ever introduced to our Btook, would not assist in the development of that trade ; and the same may be said with respect to our exportation of horses to India. I have no desire to boom this flying tiok, or indiarubber fly, but I think the Government will be highly blame worthy if they do not endeavour by every meanB at their command to pre vent a possible invasion by this horrible little creature, the remembrance of whioh makes me shudder while I write about it. 