THE LADIES' PACE, , SOCIETY COSSIP. Di! Comfort to you to know that I am ' ""woman this week Hian I wm lost. You r;:z tbo, rroot "" .2 at nrcaant, and I atrongly ad viae you ling to do P lubln your part 0f the world „ imusur Th# proceedings will pro- "m . trike you as being rstherlfunny-at first '! L vou they beeome aerioha enough for 1 ,u , alter a while. Tha.aubjoot under dis- 'nr ft the particular debate I am writing J®'0 t!l0 languishing — or otherwia.-of tl.o f "Jern letter writing. You can at. at a f o( S ntomentou. subject this 1. ! That 'itawr'tioK is distinctly on the increase, the Tattstien, even in these days of, Ac., can to the moat unbeMeving ; as for t .-'well of oourae, that is 'J, ' another ' mattor. .. The debaters !,1 their grandfathers pretty extensively, "r if the misai vou they produced for casual . ion wero the result of art, I fervently I'P i Will soon be absolutely defunct. Of T.e we wero only dealing with averages, rfreat letter writers were not favored with oSenaatall. In. spit. of the fact that ! f„the ablest epeak.r. were . upholding the Lenient that the art urns languishing, a urge Urity voted in favor of the present stylo of I .pendente. A. a matter of fact the aver- ' f,est'grandparent of the present generation la't eorreniond at all. Well, my dear, wo Lied that hatchet all right, when another was Lang open us io the question. "Is convene- L »|„t it used to be?" Between you and L 1 fail to ten how we have any oppor- tailv of judging, except by inference. 'IlL majority in this caso waa quite Inn that our modern oonveraation la Infinitely il.rior in quality to the article in use a hundred em ego. Not having been there to hear I uintain my doubts under a firm oonviotion bet the " conversations " of that period prob- bly bore as much resemblance to those they dated as our overyday gossip bears to tho ielegiies io Black and White, gate and I went to tee The Village Priest ut Saturday evening. She baa not been down itown for eome time, and it determined to lite the most of liar opportunities now the ia hi. She could not have employed' Saturday naing hitter than Bhe did. Mr. Titheradge is try nearly at his best in this play. Of courso » is L'Abbi Dubois, and he with Mr. Bouoi- inlt as Jean Torquenio, the oonvict, givea you imps in your throat that you can't laugh at for lite time aftorwnrda. Sir. Ward playa hia iry difficult part about an well as the part M«Id be played. To go striding about claiming on the wages of tin and tho fjuili of virtue is oortalnly not the rile of the (iplioary young bnrrister, and both Mr.'IVard I 'ltd bliss Olliffo had to strike the modium be- .tweeu melodramatio gymnastics and the ordinary Ping of life in circumstances of extreme awk- hnrdous. Mist Noble, as Sfarguerlte <Jo Tre- Hrllhn, wore two pretty frocke. The firet was elite Chino silk, apotted with heliotrope ; the 'inning gown waa of cream satin, and with this Me woro in the fourth act a very pretty hooded |ualf. Talking of oloaks, Kate baa got one that jmtha envy of my exiatence at preaont. The ,f«t that 1 take every opportunity of informing iWfcr that it ia much more of a raoe oloak than |nat aho intends it for fails to mako her dis- hud it ia my favor. It is of rich silvor groy fflneadp, ihe pattern being "holpcd out "with aid thread that never once aaaerts its presence Wtlie least. It is made in treble cape fashion, w first of these cov.ors the wholo of tho gym underneath it. The second comes just b|W the waist, while the third ends where the time begiu— Kate'a arms, I moan. Tho two |lli oipia have borders of rioh silver passe- prSnterie about 6 Inohea wide, and turning baok Jptjfer them is a vory deep oollar of heliotrope Hgjelret. This sounds fairly ordinary, but the Hpaiut of the garment ia in tho first onpo of oil. Kia has no communication with tho two smaller S|:3P8' beyond the foot that the revora belonging " ''II baok over tha broad velvet collar be- lgisg to them. Round tho neck of tho large spje is a very full ruffle of tulle, tho edgea lipereof being bordered with tiny sequins. Tho fa0' '"a'c ' 'nC1' w"b heliotrope ailk that iWlht to satisfy any woman iii the world. I jBppoae Kate feels capablo of living tip to a tjjoak ot this deaoription j it certainly auits hor !i| nothing has ever suited her before. pjjWe went to the races on Saturday, It was a day and agicat many people wercthore, but iitirike, me as being ratber aserious sort of sport jjiut at present. Of oourae a jookey who ia killod is carried oil in a sort of exhilaration. Kt ve beard tho same remark applied to tho miaaionaries in China, and ean't quite see tutus logio In it. Tho records of the Caul field course show a atato of allairB that is no tioular orodit to tho nineteenth oentury, and it is put forward aa an argument that a H&i; > aer. '' ,u exoellont jumper in private, iUtioe.n t atriko the ordinary onlooker as quite fti! 'ort of animal to rido bofore a crowd of kMiV 'ud enthusiaBtio people, toutiuoy. was here yesterday afternoon. She SSi j..fr beusohold is atill in a vory perturbed Eml i >>a.ovV 'bo vagaries of the "suburban til' ' , Caulfield ia a regular liappy hunting 15\. ? !,or monstrosities of this desoription, and | you, oven tha most level headed find W$l "otl ' derangement no laughing matter. K'ali '"'/'ti'3 ere thoroughly soared, and of f mi l0ll to the soaring of tho children, PiffL?110 W,'\y1nni' ano")er I think this partioular f fill i rou' ?,e a yory had time if ho wero to KlKi ml lisnds of either Lucy or her hue- t Wt,).'. hi? extraordinary thing about these f'ffitV.i 4 "'ey so often "dlo out " untlo- tSn— every "ghost " that is brought to ' ltfn.l. ' Eoeu half-dozen nover get into tho ' SR. ho "tithoritiee at all. That this ono -dfcir« J0',?1" 'bat spoedily, is tho heartfelt wire ol— Youra ever. jJL IRIS. 