The1 Midnight 'Marriage, ? + ? CHAPTER XIII. CAl'TUHED AQALNV It wns one of ih ife accidents nf f ite that had led to the discovery of Muriel Quinell. - Alfred Pal/.iel, wandering about '.in.. a purposeless ininner, had h:iH''| mi' summer day in the'shiule of a friendlv tree, and bcutrd himself on tlio^top 'if si neighboring st op to rest* and hiwled, ns he always did now, overhis lost love. A hack .stopped nn the opposite'side of the street. He wns (screened from view,! but ' throueir the interlines of tree-box ami swaying branches he could watch unrrmaiked. It was not that ho was anxious to seo, but only a vacant habit of observing A genii- man sprang off tiie driver'* scat 'and ran up the steps, the driver fallowing leisurely. Two trunks were brought down and strapped s- entirely, thonjn rather stoit, middle-agcl woman followed by a slight young figure, de scended. 'Just at the. lower i-tep the girl paused, through up her deep traveling,, veil, .that enveloped bfr al most J'iltu a mantel, and sni'l something. t--.ihe gentleman standing on the plat forhi;.s He dilapidated in the door wiiv'a moment, and she. turner!. Good Heavens ! Was that the face of Muriel CJninell ? The long Hsht hair, blown, about by the summer wind, the purely pale complexion and the hi»h-bred features. Just a glimp-e. The veil Ml and she was handed into the carriage. ' Muriel ! Muriel 1 Or was it her ghost ?' and Alfred Dil/i.-l shiver ;d as the w'.ieels rj tiled over the street. ' Where was she going ?' By;the, time the. knowledge actually settled itself in the dull brain it was' too late to follow. He seemed so dazed and helpless, as if he had really beheld an apparition. Presently he wandeced 'across the. street in his; slow way. There was a small tin sign above the basement windows, on which he re.id : ' Wilfred Maedonald, M.D.' ? Wilfred' Maedonald ! Where bad ho s-een that name ? Obeying a strange impulse, he stumbled down the steps and pulled the .bell. A. thiii, rather sharp-faced woman answered the summons. Ms Doctor Maedonald in ' he asked. ' He is not.' .' Will he be in to-night?' ' No j he is out of the city.. You can see him to-morrow at ncoi, probably.' ' Where has he gone ?' Miss Glyn had received her instruc t'oriH. The man looked to like a natural fool, ns .the phrased it in In v own mind, that sho could not feel auspicious, but she replied impa tiently : ' He is out of the city, and you cannot see him rntil to-morrow. I don't know as it makes any difference whether he is in Asia or Africa. Have you any message to leave ?' 'Did he take— did Mrs. Maedonald go also ?' 'There isn't any Mrs. Maedonald,' she exclaimed tartly. Then in a rather kindlier tono : 'If you have any message I will deliver it as soon as he returns.' 1 No matter. And thrusting his fingers through hia fbaggy hair, he turned. Miss Glyn slammed the door and bolted it. ' The man is a fool !' she paid ; ' or else he has been sent around by some house-breaker.1 But Miss Glyn was a woman of nerve and courage, and house-breakers would have found a warm, reception if they had entered that night. As they did not she thought the affair rather foolish, and gave it so brief a mention to Doctor Maedonald that it was forgott-m in a few hours. While hf stood there miking a dim remembrance stole back to Alfrcd'a braiil. It was Doctor Macdouald who had attended Muriel. But how had .Muriel-risen from her grave. He next directed his steps to the burying ground, stealing round to the rear. There gleamed the polished white marble shaft that had been raised over the fair hotly. Was she really sleeping thoie? llo-.v cjnld ho learn ?''' ' ? The grave might be opened: Alfred shrank from this step, involving more or loss publicity.' IF, instead, he could learn where Muriel really was ! \ The element of ??? low vcunning and1 astuteness had seemed to increase as the more prominent intellectual facul ties bovine blunted. He felt that he had gained the clew to a secret which might be of -paramount importance to him. , For, if Muriel lived, Althea was not Harold Walsingham's lawful wife, neither was Walsingham possessor of the fortune ! If Althea was poor, and in some soft disgracpd, what rovtnge it would be far the slight put upon jlim ! , .. ; .The narrow mind fairlj reveled at this consciousness. To see his haughty woman-humbled, to make her suiter for tho pangs that she had inflicted . upon him, and perhaps to have her in his power. But what must he done 1 How could he fathom this secret ? The most plausiblo way that oug ge'sted itself appeared to be -a vigilant watch of Dcotor Maedonald. Why had lie not followed the carriage instead of stopping to ask idle questions? If ' he, tho physician, had t;.ken her to any place lor keeping, he would visit her occasionally. If he, Alfred, would follow him eometi me ? ! A better-bulanced brain would have seen kthe mnny obstacles that wire, likely t'-- arise. Alfred kept the cemral ' idea before him. It' the grave were searched and found empty, Muriel would still be raising. If he dis covered her, first' of all, without exciting any suspicions, lie might manage the case himself. And so he began his tiresome, self imposed task. It was the more easy in one respect — Doctor Maedonald hud not yet arrived at the dignity of a carriage. D.ty after day ho kept up a stealthy, furtivu watch. Ho scarcely ate or slept, for the subject absorbed every thought and emotion. Doctor Maedonald was also preoc cupicd. Muriel's safety was the para mount idea uith him, aiid now that he had lost sight of her momentarily, he knew no rest until he could see her once again and ba assured of her free dom from the lurking sense of danger that haunted htm continually. So he made a-i parly trip to the Highland?. Alfred followed closely. When he stepped on board the small st -amboat an exultant sonseof certainty ilirilled him. He kept well out of sight, for there was a lingering fear lest he might bo ; recognised. But Doctor Maedonald would:-, hardly have given a second thought to the nwkwnrd, shamb ling figure with b iwcd head and in shabby attire. The walk after leaving the boat was most difficult. Alfred plunged into some wayside shrubbery, keeping the doctor well in sight. Ho left the little ham let behind, strode over tho unfrequented road and, after half a m:lt-, perhaps, made an abrupt turn. For an instant Alfred feared that he had lost him. No, there was the tall, erect form, a man whom one was not likely to con fuse with others. He stopped at length before the cottage and was warmly greeted by several persons. Muriel was not among them. Alfred threw himself down on the turf behind a clump of trees, panting for .breath, as his walk had been the longest and most fatigu ing. And there he watched for what seemed an interminable while, crouched like a tiger waiting for his prey. Others went out and in, but no Muriel. Presently there was a gleam at the window that might have been a flash of pale sunset, save that the sun had long: ago dropped behind the hill. Soft, shining hair, with a golden glamor, and now the face was turned, a sweet, smiling face, animated as he Lad sel dom seen it. He held his breath with an awesomo spell. Yes, it 'was' Muriel. No other woman ever looked like that ! He could have danced and shouted aloud in his satisfaction, but. he was too wary to indulge in demonstrat'ous that might prove so imprudent. How was it that Muriel Qninell lnd bsen rescued from the grave? Surely he had seen her dead and bni\ed ! By what art had Doctor Maedonald brought about this strange 'comatose t.tate, and then resloivd her for his own satisfaction ? Why had he never made known her existence? The thoughts were too puzzlirg for Alfred's dull brain, and, indeed, they were of less importance to him than the one fact in which lie so exulted — Muriel was alive ! To get her in his power would give him triumph and victory over the mun lie hated and the woman who had wronged him. He lay in the grass watching them until the lights ir. the cottug.; window were like beacons in thu surrounding darkness. Muriel came out with a light shawl thrown around her, and walked in the twilight with Doctor Maedonald. They rambled down past his hiding-place. He heard her tender voice and silvery laugh, and if other proof were needi d, her name was ut tered — Muriel ! And po\\-* what was to be done ? To night, nothing. He retraced his steps to the landing and found a small country tavern 'whore; he could bo ac commodated with lodgings. Swallow ing a hasty tuppe'r he betook himself to his room to plan. Should he admit his father to his confidence and schemes ? That would bring the matter to publicity at once, Matthew Dalziol would bo only too g'ad to wrest the fortune from Harold Walsingham and to disgrace Althea. Gross and sMipidan Alfred hid become, he longed for a keener and more tor luring revenge. Besides, tho t-eorecy had a charm for him. If he could gain posse -sion of Muriel and hide her somewhere, tho game, so to speak, would be in his own. muds. But he must have one confi dant. On the morrow he toulc another sur vey of the place, and satisfied himself that lie had not merely dreamed of ?Muriel.']. Then he made a few inquiries concerning the inmates of tho cottage. (Sorae:Eni:lish people by .the name of Gordon live thew. I did hear that tliev had tome boarderx. Ituthe'r stuck up 'folks, I gueis, for they don't go round among the neighbors. But they're not rich.' This from the rather loquacious landlady. 1 What k'lid of boarders ?' asked Alfredtslowly. , ... ' Qh; women folks. I see the trunks tho day they came. I was down to the landing. An old lady and a young one, with yellow hair a flying over her shoulders, and a rather good-looking fellow. .Two on 'em have been up.' 'IVo'?' ' ' Yes. To my mind there's some thing queer about 'em. They can't both bo the girl's lover.' \- ' Did you hear their names ?' 'What tho gill's? Warren, or some such iAiing. 1 can find out easy enough;' Another subject caught Alfred's ear just then. An old, blear-eyed fellow, smoking a stumpy clay pipe out on tlie porchj raised his voice : ' ' „' 1 A fact, I tell you. I hain't seen the ghost with my own eyes, but I've heard 'the noises — a sort of grrtmin' and cry in', und. beg}jiu' f ? r uiorey. Rut h» lii'li',1 lv«r, for her ' body was - found fchfr?. eat bv rats, and heo1? but o' reach. Ho's never beon heard of, 1 and the house is fallin' to ruins.' i ? What is that ?' asked Alfred. Ho , was standing bv the bar settling his i bill. ' - ( ' Oh, about the haunted house,' and 1 Mrs Ayres laughed. ' A haunted house V ; ' Tes, further on, threo miles up the ? river. A man named Hawkins lived i there— a queer sort of follow who - drank hard. One night he murdered ( his wife and went off, and has never | been heard of since. That was five or six years ago, and they say she | walks.' ? 'Who lives there?' ' - ' Bless your heart, no one! They waited a long whi'.o for Hawkins to come back, and then some poor trash went into the place for shelter, but ] they couldn't stay' — no one can.' j ' Could you direct inu there ?' A new thought had crept into Alfred t Dalssiel's braiD. . Mrs. Ayres laughed again, contemp- ] tuously. This man did not look much , like braving a ghost. . 1 Oh yes, easily. You take tho road ; past Gordons', that runs through the , wood, and when you've gone tioo'ut a j mile turn to the right. It's a sort of j la'e — you can tell by a great oak that's ] struck by lightning — and that cuts off - a good deal, though it's a rough road, i Then you go on until you come to t' — an old gray stono house, the only one ( anywhere around.' , . . Alfred laid down his bill and took the change that Mrs. Ayroa counted ] out across the counter. ' Think of going up. there?'. ' Not now. I may sometime when I'm in want of amusement.' Then he listened to tho group out pide. The old man was holding forth to some ignorant, open-aioufch'ud list- j eners, exhausting his imagination in describing horror?. They tell idly , enough upon Alfred's senses. ' He walked down toward the landing, but when he was out of sight turned again and scrambled through the wood, ^ taking the shortest-cut. A rough, wild ] journey, indeed ; and lonesome enough were the dark paths nv.ide gloomy by overhanging tree3. Panting and overheated he reached the place at length. A ruin, indeed. : The rooms on the lower fioor were ? hardly habitable, but up-stairs two ? were in a very tolerable stata of i preservation. It was possible to make | them into a safe prison, if ho ciul.l find some person to stay there inJ ; guard her. | For a week Alfred Dalziel pondered , this subject incessantly. During that \ time he made another journey to Highlands, and found Doctor Bartholdy a guest at tho Gordons'. This tim-i he went up to tha old house and passed the night. No gho^t e;im! to disturb his slumbers, or even h's reveries. And now he be^an to arrange his plans with some vigor and delinitenc-s. Tho two windows in the rear room could he burred fr nn the i.ut side, and the do .r bolted. In that case it would be quite impossible for uny one to escape. Heris was a .hud stead and a bed, and thu warmth of the summer season wculd preclude any necessity ot: much in fie *vay of blan kets. He found an old, ru-kety ladder, and climbed up -n if. to f i^tcn the win dow.-\ Then, with a kind uf womanly instinct he possessed, he tidied up the room a little, swept out the accumu lated dust, of years. Wandering about, the garret, ho came across n trunk of bed-clothes, damp and musty from long disuse, and bro-jght them down to air in the sunshine. Instead of returning to Highlands he took tke road to the northwest. This came out at an -ther village, where there was a wharf also. Several pas sengers were waiting for the boat to come, and in a few moments he saw it puffing down the river. And now Alfred Dalziel cast about in his mind for a jailer — a woman, who would not bo too pitiful or tender hearted, and who would have the cour age to etay in this old ruin-- some one from tli« lower anil c iarser ranks of life, who could ho bought with money! He pondered this at he wonded his way homeward. Matthew Dalziel was absent, and this suited his son as well. Money was to be obtained some how. He hail betR considering how much it was likely he could coax out of his father without betraying, himself . and now ho determined to hunt tlr jugb drawers and strong boxes. ? ' It will all bu mine by and by,' he muttered to himself. ' The governor has said so hundn ds uf times, so what docs it matter ?' Yet his search fora while nas not very successful. Mat'tlmw Dalziel, miser- like, took good care of his precious hoards Alfred's cunning served him well, however. He searched for pe'eret springs and falsi bottoms, and at last, in pulling out a drawer, exhumed a mine between that and the floor. Herubbel bis hands in glee over it. Shining gold and crisp, now bi'ls — he would be sure to take enough of it to last him through his campaign. Elated by this success he could eee nothing but ensy victory. He found the person whom he needed. A woman ready' fur any kind of odd jobs, provided tho pay was good. He persuaded her toaccompiny him to tho old tuin and there explained his purpose. 'You want me to keep the gal here nice and quiet like — that's easy enough, but for how long ?' asked ? Mrs. Hughes. 'Two or three weeks. I want her treated well, and you must provide her with plenty of good food ; but on1- no account allow her to go out of these' two rooms. I've barred up the win dows so that she cannot escaps that way.' , . ' .. ' ' Is the gal han'some ?' and Mrs. Hughes gave « lour from her small gey ?Ve«, tlie ritrs of which w iv v.ii'y rod. | fr '' I don't earo iinythiti' »bi!it her y ?fttity,' returned Alfred crossly lf ;o]d you thai i', wan just lo have her .'n'my power in order to threaten Ihesn soople who hrihl her fortune. I mean io restore it to her in tho .cmi'I. She'll n thankful enough t'lon.' ? ' A nice, prison-like place,' exclaimed Mr*. Hughes, . with her coarse smile. ? Letn keep lu-r safe enough hem, und f slie .tries her voice now and then for 'xoreisi1, the neighbours may think it's ;he »lioi-t, Where wai the 'woman nurdered?' ' Down below somewhere. You'll itivl the mnrlis, likely' ' Pleasant companions — them and jhnst.-'.' ' But' you snid you wore not afraid.' ' Afraid !' Sh» gave a shrill, loud laugh, and placing her pnlms on her lips stired at iiim. Indeed, sho did not look like a per son who would bi easily intimidated. ?V great, brawny woman, btrong of limb and in robust health. Her hair was .black and coarse, and grew low lown upon her forehead, hardly an inch above the thick, beetling brows. A. short nose, with ;i decided upward tendency, that stamped her nationality \b once, and a wide mouth, filled with l-trge white teeth. Hfr complexion was rough an I florid, sind she ha-l a hard \\- o'c, as if fate had not used her very gently, and sho was quite capable of returning blows with interest. '.No, a ghost wouldn't stand much ?iliahce with vou,\ and Alfred chuck led. ' Live ones might faro the worst.' He thought so. 'If you should In tro ibled with visitors you'll know how to get rid of them.' ' Trust me for that,' nnd a savage light gleamed out of her eyes. 'No one must imagine that the 2[irl is here.' ' ? ' 1 11 settle that, to i, but I hope the people are not over-neighborly.' 'No ono lives within a mile, and the house being so secluded it's hardly likely that strangers will visit it for pleasure.' ' What are we to do for provender ?' ' Bring' all we can from the city. You mav be able to buy a little around, if you run short, but you'd have a journey for it.' They went over tlie old place and laid their plans. For certain reasons, b-st known to herself, Mr?. Kughas was qn ite ready t- try retirement fnr n while, .especially when she could make it as profitable hs this promised. Sinio remnants of crockery wero found and a number of sooking utensils, with which Mrs. Hughes declared she could keep hous ? liko a queen. Tt, took tliein several days to get in order. Alfred was lavish of his money which pleased Mrs. Hughes. She made the. place quite cmnibrtablc, so much that he rather enjoyed it. All the provision that it was pos-iblo to get in quantities they stored. . ' You may trust m; for the rest,' de t'hrel Mr.«. Hughe'. ' I'vd'a tongue in my head that knowR its busine.-s.' 'And now,' said Alfred, after a long studv, ' where will \\-e »eta carriage to bring the voting lady here ? We must not run any risk of detection.' ' And that would be slipping your head in' the noose directly. You are n fool, Dalziel ! What do we want with a carriage ?' ' Sho cannot walk.' ' And your carraige would be sure to betray you. They could follow the track. Be«ide, how would you get it up this steep, narrow road ?' A half-vacant, half-snprised expres sion stole over Alfred's fncp. 'But how can we git her here then ?' 'Make her walk to be sure ; or if sho is to delicate, carry her.' 1 Her 'screams. may betray u*.1 'I'll take car V that she doe--en't scream very loud,' and Mrs. Hughes gave her head a decisive shake. ' I don't see how we are to manage it.' ' But you will see, presently. You'l' give me fifty a«soon as the gal's cap tured — honor bright.' ' \\*P8, ai soon as we have her safe here. And then I'll pay her bon:d at tho end of every week.' Tha woman gave ;i coarse chuckle. ' Yfin.ouldn't do anything with tho carriage,' she said presently. ' Wo may have to watch two or three days for a good chance.' 'True.' Alfred had not thought of that. He yielded to Mrs. Hughes' suggestion, ami having their prison ready, the two began their watch. The first day it ,was 'altogether fruitless. On the seeondthoro was a slight opportunity, but Muriel was so near the house that thev wo -e afraid of. an alarm. It was on the afternoon of the third 'day' that Muriel, light of heart, and humming a e«y littlj song to herself, started to join Mr. Gordon at the boat where ho waited. She had hardly traversed half the distance when a slight rustle among the trees alarmed her. Casting a frightened glance around, she stood quite still, trembling in every nerve. The -next instant strong arms pris oned her; and before she coull utter the faintest sound a bandage wasp'aced tightly over her mouth, and she was hurried forward. Suprise overmastered even terror. After she bad gone a few yards she made a desperate effort to free herself, but a woman clutched her tightly on one side, and a man on the Other. She uttered a dull, faint cry, but it wns no more than the call of a bird in distress. On and on, over fallen Weo-trunks and tangled undergrowth, until at last they felt her hang like a dead weight upon them. ' Sho has fai' tel,' pr.id Alfrod. They seated her on tbe rank moss, and. to'jk'.off the hand webiof. The ?eedo'n and fVpsh' air reVivprMJpjv 'Shq ;ared around — a1 t'-e woman's p'tilesa ice, anil thm. ? I 'Good Ho.iv.7rn! aI'ioI D.ilz H !', le exclaimed. . ? , 'Hush!' commanded tho woman, J nless you want this ra» ore ynur j ou'h again.' 'Oh, A'fre I, save tno ! Don't 1c '?r kill me,' and Mnrcl sprang to his ( ?ms ''. ? ' No onu wants to kill you.' he iturned doggedly, averting his face. ? But you must go.,along with us, id ha quiet about it, too.* ? Oh, Alfred, where? And they ill all bo wild with alarm. Let us go ] ick if only for a moment.' I 'Hush your noiss !' said Mrs. i Lugho.-i 'fiercely. 'Come, get up and , ?;tmp, for time is precious. Or shall l c carry you, my beauty ?' , Muriel would have given ono t- rn fie ( ireain, but thn hard hand was pressed ] ghtly over her mouth. , ' No. you don't. Tie th:s on again,' j [rs-. Hughes said. j ' Oh, lot. mo befrr-e !' pleadeil Muriel. 1 I will be quiet and go where you ? ant mo t', if yi u will only send , or.l ? ' 'We'll send the word,' was Mrs. [ughes' grim answer. ' We won't, ave your dear friends a worryin' their earls ' and eves out. Never -you jar ! With that they started on again, she linging tight to Alfred's nrm, and yet ; snemed as if he had never been so jpulsive to her. The eyes wero dull nd swollen, the lips pals and purplish, nd tho whole face flushed. »; ' Alfrfd, what do you want with ie?' Muriel asked presently, in a low Die. ' 1 don't mean you any barm. You hall have your fortune again — for I ate them both. Maybe j'ou didn't now— they nre married?' ' Yes,' with a shudder. : ' You'll help me, then ? You were pad y 'to- go through tire and water for itnonce, and that false, treacherous rotnan loved him all thn while !' ' Yres. He can never be anything i) me again. This' is why I was filling to give up the fortune — to live nknown.' ' Alfred Dalziel stared blankly at er. If she no longer loved Harold Valsingham, his strongest ally for ilthea's punishment and degradation ?a.« swept away. ' But you do love him still !' ' I would die sooner than become is wife again ! Oh, Alfred, you will ot send me back to him ?' The man was puzzled. ' Come along !' he said rouglily. They plunged into a gloomy depth f forest. Afar sounded the sad nono'one of the river as its' opt along ts rocky way. Senrei- ly a bird snnu, .nd it seemed as if fr- m liuhtand iovi nd happiness .she had suddenly been ilunged into dnwiest n.isei-v. She gained sufficient e-iurage to ask, ifter a long silence, where they were joing to take her. Somehow there ipneared a faint hope when she hciir.l ;he sound of voices. 'You'll be fafe enough. If you'll jo quietly and not make any row, l'.l irotni.se you your freedom in two or ihrcc. weeks. That's all I shall tell roii.' ' But ynu will not. place me in his -ower ?' she begged piteously. ' No,' he said, half- sullenly. ' How did vou suspect that I was ;till nl've ?' ' I saw you.1 ' Come, you'd better be moving on;' aroke in Mrs. Hughep. 'You can talk afterward. It was a long, hard walk for Muriel, mil she felt at every step ns if she should sin1*. But Mrs. Hughes watched her vigilantly. Ah, who eould come to her rescue in that dismal wood ? [TO 1SG CONTINUED.] 