TIT FOB, TAT. (Continued from Wednesday last.) Chapter VII. Left to h'.maelf, Dudley made a tew irresolute steps after her. and then, re membering his promise, turned back and lounged into a neighboring bar. To the amazement of the barman, to whom he was well known, he did not drink, but sat before the fire, drying his feet' and staring into the coals. He remained in that position quite a while, and then went out again, leaving the portly ho3t to whisper in astonish ment to his deputy, * Well, blame my roper! Jim. hif Mr. Dudley hain’t forgot ’is ’ot Scotch ! ’E must be quite sick !’ In truth, Dudley had quite forgotten all about his contemplated dram himself, and only recalled it when he ordered his dinner. ‘ He atoned for the oversight, however, devoured a particularly good meal in honor of his new acquaintance, and then went home. They held the usual carnival that night —a trifle more vigorous than ever, if any thing ; for the discovery of a friend in the liquor business by the alpaca gentleman Ead resulted in an unusually lavish and inexpensive supply of stimulants, ’• But, somehow or other, Dudley could not enter into the spirit of the thing as heartily as lie was wont, and was glad when the party broke np, earlier than usual, and he was left to himself. He dreamed of Rhoda Wharton, and, when he awoke next morning to the re taliatory vocalization of his neighbor, was in sucb high good humor with himself that he only threw five boots against the wall, and refrained from upsetting the table more than twice—a moderation at iwhich the brown eyes opened wide with wonder. ‘Is the poison working already ?' asked Miss Wharton of herself. ‘ Poor fellow ! .1 shall commence to be sorry for him soon.’ From that day Dudley lapsed into regular afternoon absences from the Bohemian circle, and it soon became known that he was making a systematic round of the various newspaper offices ia the company of a lady. His friends sighed and shook their heads with gloomy import; but, as the siege of the songstress still continued, did notabandou all hope for their backsliding associate. Still summer came, and brought no improvement for the worse in him. ' The fact of she matter was—Tom Dudley was in love ! His second meeting with Rhoda Wharton had fairly fired the train of passion which his fiist acquaintance with her had laid, and before he had known her a week he was her devoted slave. Thanks to his influence, her name was now slowly bnt surely becoming a lamiliar one in newspaperdom, for, added to tho weight he brought to bear in her behalf, was a by no means meagre talent on her part, which sooner or later would have made her known on her own literary merit. Still, the entering wedge of Dudley’s recommendation had forced an easy opening for which she might other wise have fought through many a weary year. ' Intimacy had made her known to our Bohemian as a clever, merry, self-willed little lady, with a mind of her own, and the ability to keep a secret. During all the time he had known her, he had never yet tracked her to her own door. The formula 1 You will leave me here’ had been in various shapes repeated at their every meeting, or rather, parting, since’the eventful evening when the ghost of his better self had drifted down upon him through the lamplit mist. For his better self had begun to assert itself again ; had been reborn in him, until, ont of his debauches, a horror would now creep upon him of himself and all his associates. Singularly enough, this softening only made his detestation of his musical neighbor the more intense. Once, when he bad ended a debauch with a few hours’ distempered sleep, he awakened to the melody of a plaintive little chanson he remembered from the days when bis life was spent in the merry, hopeful poverty of a Parisian garret, and, in the rush of recollections the long-for gotten music conjured up, his face flashed hotly, and he saw the morning sunlight through a glorifying mist of tears. He often heard the same song aifterwards, but with a hardening heart, for he was ashamed of the first worthy emfition"'he'bad'fcnWiT'for years," and atoned for it by greater excess and sterner self-repression than before. Still, fight against it as he wonld, his neighbor’s voice reminded him of him self,, and he hated her for it. When his intimacy with Rhoda Wharton had reached the confidential pitch, he confided his household campaign to her. She laughed at it as a huge joke, especially at his description of his neighbor, in regard to whose personality he had formed a grotesquely exaggerated opinion; and when he exhibited a humor ous portrait of the musical demon which his friend,' young Hoppers, the cari caturist, had drawn upon his fantastic imagination, she insisted on his present ing it to her, and carried it off, as she averred, to preserve it as the model of a type of woman she would never cease to detest, ‘ For I can well sympathise with yon, Tom,’ she said. I have an outrageous neighbor, too.’ ‘ I hope its a man,’ observed Dudley. ‘Why.’ * ‘ Because I can make him suffer for it.’ ‘ Well, it is a man.’ f Aud when are you going to point him out to me?’ ‘ There’s time enough for that. I can titand him a little while yet; and I don’t propose that you- shall get yourself in trouble for me. In vain did Tom protest that it would be no trouble at all for him to immolate any one she cared to point out. In vain did he assure her that he desired and could not possibly more delight in any other labor. Rhode declined to permit him to make a dreadful example of her persecutor. ‘There is time enough,’ she said; * only let his security continue, and we will find him destroying himself.’ ‘ Which will spoil my fun,’ returned Dudley. ‘ That,’ replied Rhoda Wharton, ‘ re mains to be seen.’ 