WISE AND OTHERWISE. Tha inquiry into tin »tato of our in.olv.noy l»w« ii not .imply of local intcrett it hu caught the cyo of ionic of tho colony'i herd heiulcd Scotoh clionti; nnd by tlie l»»t m»il ono of tiiom a.nt to the oommitte. Rome eurieun in formation «hout how ineolventR nsod to bo vrc.i.u in aootunu. jjy an nnoient Jaw thoy word deelared objeoti for popular odium and oontompt, and were compelled to wear at all time, a yellow "bonn.t," and a coat or upper gnrmcnt half yellow and half green. Only by donning this piebald costume, which Rorvod aa a aort of brand of Cain to tho Scotch millionaires of old who negotiated 01. In the pound odmposltions, wero insolvents prottotad against being east in prison at the instanoo of any creditor. ' ThiB law has gradually fallen into deauetud. but tbe re minder that there was onoe such, a law is evi dently Intended as a' bit of.: "pawky,1! humor.' However, tho suggestion is a timely ono, and if tho law bo re-enacted in ' Vloforin,' and 111 dofoulters are oompellcd to wear yellow hats and green ooate we shall soon got over any tem porary depression in our spirits, and Collins- stroec will outshine th. lawn on Oup day. - Thero must ho a screw loose aomewhore in the legislative machinery. Otherwise how oould wo have such extraordinary performances as tho public havo lately witnessed. At the li notings the candidates out shontcd each other for retrenchment. Said these terrible 'fellows— "Out down the overmanned pub!lo:-aerrioo 1". "Out down our dofonoea 1" "Out down mem bers' salaries— aye, even out down the number of members I" Now the roar of these Hons baa been turned into the oooing of doves. The cutting down of ' members' eatariee wan done in foar and trembling, and some of those who linwlod loudest ot the hustings for a SO par cent. reduction turned ashen pale in the House' when they were taken at tiioir word and fofaad to n diviajopr Hnppily a 50 per cont. reduction was defeated by the casting vote of Mr. Mason, which' ouglit to ho remembered unto him for ' righteousness sake. But since this escape members are as quiet as mioo about reducing tho number . of members, nnd they are evidently no longer as koen as before about r.trcnohmsnt. ' Tho blessed gamo they find lias its rough side. This is made quite clear by the innumerable spocohes mado in Parliament this weok, and especially by tho amazing stand by aome m.mborn for increas ing tho pension list. If .this list is inoreasod assuredly the electors will also schedule for future use % " little list " of superfluous hum bugs. Tho one olieerfnl, not. to s»y oncouraging, inoident is th thorough wsy in. which the retrenchment committee has done its work, and without foe or roward. Yet tho committee appears to have enjoyed itself, as evidenoed by tho following fnrow.11, doco in- rhyme, by ono of the oommittee, anil of wliioh we have oeoured the copyright : — Bear Admiral V—, when yon turn to the past, . Komombor wherevor your lot may be cast, Tho lone weary months wo have labored together Whilst wielding our much rakes to seo what they'd gather. ; Jlemcmber, ye gods, what a varied collection TheBevcry samo muck rakes revealed for inspoc. tion. Thoso showy returns tho Assembly dolndeil With pages of Motion, of facts quito denuded ; Tho talus that woro told by aoino papers wo've scanned, The many departments wo found nvermann'd. - Romember those auditors' mystical looks. Their oceans of queries and triplicate books. Forget not the gun boats, pennons on high, Too feoblo to fight, and too lazy to fly. Think well on the printing, that maelstrom of losses, . ' i Whore ovory worker is watciieil by two "bosses" j Their reasons were sound, slnoo o'er this poor sinner, Tho one must keep watch, whilst the ether went to dinner. Romember that balance shoot, first amongst many, Where eaoli side ngreod to the eighth of a penny j - The author beamed o'er it (and mentioned with pride, How oarnings and spomlings would blend on one side. ' now woil I remember you stroking your chin, ' Tho shrug of C t's shouldor nnd W n's grin ; Forget not that otflco you left quite intact, , Nor that " jolly" sixnouou you failed to.extract. And ploaso to rotuciilbur the goal ia.now won, Tlio lodger should balance— our labor are done - Wo bury our muck rackos and bid Jtbeo farowoll, dood-byo for the present,— Yours truly, MacL. To its other natural and artifloinl attractions Sydney has ndded a ghost. Th "faota" appear iq print in this way : Some years ago a certain man vanished from his home, having in his possession a large sum of money. (Sueh disappearances are not altogether unknown.) He returned tho other night in the gloaming, nnd in a ghostly shop., at least so it i. alleged by a sober, respeotable citizen. The money has not turned up yet. "Now it is widely known that in th " free- trader's paradis. " the house, holder enjoys tho alluring prospect of having to pay 5s. and 6s. a ton moro for his coal. than his oppressed Melbourne brother. But it is net so generally known that the spirits retailed in Sydney are of the deadly sort which either kill at sight or turn tlio consumer into an Inspired being who sees and imagines strange things. This ghost inoident' ought to .fiirnish fiirtliaf irresistible testimony as to tho benefioene of a free-trade policy. Free-traders, in their eagerness to advance the Cause, do not hesitato to f.rm alliances with tho halt, th. ismo and tho blind. Bat they stem to have altogether overlooked the methods of win ning popularity adopted by the pill merchant. The beguilements of a Max Hlrsch, despite his proud boast of a long line of rebel ancestors, aro insufficient. Neither does Mr. Miohael Davitt's alliance help the cauae much. ; Though ono would think , it did by tho fact that tho. party organ la thought to be wholly inadequate, for giving publicity ti their great man's,views, and tbo a'iil of ttio'biiratioker lias to bo invoked ' to bill tho town with the legend of what Mr. Mr. Davltt thinks about protection. It is not quite the correot thing for ns to advise : the enemy, still we venture to point out, that if the free-traders' sugar ooated their Cause with. a lottery, after the mariner of tha pill merchant, why then tbey would know what popularity moans, . The naughty Gaiety girl has oapturcd the good folk of Adelaide, who have rushed the play housoin even greater numbers than they ha bitually flock to revival meetings for wbiok the olty of ohurches has beoome famous. The exciter ment is fanned to a- white heat by. the local critics, who vie wjth each other in turning the hoads of their readers and in outlining tha Gaiety girl as a glorified Being. One writor do- scribes th show as a "droam ot fair women,'' whiah is quite proper, and the sentiment will be ciiddrted by all Victorian Johnnies ; another critio says it Is "a pioture from fairyland, bathed in the roseate glow of youth and loveli ness," wbioh is not qaito so ohaste, as the bath illgrorureuue Is luu iiiUOu in the iaa.il.oi of thOaO very awkward people who will persist in talking as though no on. wore clothes. Yet how th youthful and unsophisticated members of that venerablo institution, the ballet, who chance to read tho papers will smile pnd blush beneath thoir rouge. So far no reference has been mado in the South Australian Parliament toth. necessity for an adjournment, but the vener able legislators will doubtless see to it that they get tho full valu. of their season tiok.ts during tlio stay of the company. Meanwhile tlio drama— the poor, despised drama — lias fled to the woods, where, burning with shame, it hides its faoe from the sight of man. Tlie latest announcement made by Sir Hsnry Parkcs is to the effect that he lias "nailed his colors to the maBt." Which colors ? Sir.Henry lias sniled under so many different flags of lato years that it is bard to know when he is a pirat. and when h. is a more or less honest merchant, man. The pathetio feature oftbebusiness.it that he actually believes that he has still a groat political career ahead of liirn, anil tlmt anything ho doe at tho. present time lias a pro found effect on public affairs in all the colonics. Sir George Dibbs Is' pot wanting in egotism, but he has formed a more correot estimate tliau this of /it's probablo , future, and has erected — presumably as a maahiue upon which to do penance for his political past— a treadmill close to his house on tho banks of the Nepean. If th. recently formed friend ship between himself and Sir Henry Patkea liotild continue, wayfarers paesing by the Dibbs domioilo in the tlusic of tbe evening may yet witnoss tho epeetaolo of th. two obsolote states men treading the mlllwheel togethor, and hear them encouraging each other to keep going. Snoh a speotaole w.u|d be instructively sym bolical of the ..progress, mado!. by New South Walea while they were respectively at tbe head of .affairs— progress, to wit, by rotatory motion. Th spiritual oondition of the Melbourno polioe has boon frir jom# time' past a subject of serious anxiety to 'certain pious "ladies of the oity. They hay. noted with feelfngs of sorrow that' while missions to the1 heathen fri . distant lands afe vigorously advertised and supported, no attempt is made to impross upon the minds of the loeal pulicc.the foot that thoy also have souls to bo saved. s Th. ladies in question have ,th.refore taken the matter into their own hands, with the result that th. Polioe Christian Association Institute has beon started in Carlton. The .o.bjrot ia.to promote Christian prinoiples of an . undenominational" character amongst member's of the force. "A reeding room, in wliioh "suitable books and papers will bp available,!' will be open on Tuesday evenings. One would like to know the ' class of books and papers wbioh tlie ladies of the institute will con sider suitable to the, spiritual neoessitlca of tbe force. The Christian Truncheon will probably he on the list of paporB provided, and, no doubt, there will be specially written treatises, with !sucli titles ss Moral Suasion as Applied to Burglars, Trscts Considered' as Substitutes for Batons In Repclllrii; Attooks by Larrikins, and ,tho like. : Tho mundane interests of the force should also be eatored for to the extent ot supplying .sound information in regard to such subjects' aa" TerrSoea as Invest ments, Ae.' Tlio mention of torraeca recalls to mind a . remark mad by a Melbourne polteeman eomo ycare ago when lie heard that the pink and white terraces at Itotoiriohana, New Zealand, had been destroyed. After reflecting for a moment lie observed, "It's sorry Oi am for the poor peiioemahn that owned thim." Mr. Miphsel-Davitt, speaking at Ballarat on Wednesday last, said that if lie wanted to fiud true, noblo men, he would have to go down a coal mino. Only .io far down! Why not deeper ? The inhuman rapacity of the Minister of Lands in requesting selectors in arrears to nnte up their long delayed ronts, has not yet forood any "poor farmers " aoross the Murray, but it is evidently having an eifeot on the 'l'roasury. During tlie first five months of the present year the safe at the Nlitll aub. treasury has been aub- jectod to aserious strain through tbecash receipts fur rent q r c o s i v.. T i i c t otn l ain c u n t whicb iias ueeti hardly wrung. from tiiat depressed agrioul- . tural district during the flye monthswas£ll,500; and how the poor farmers managed to raise it witli wheat so low and the country so dry, waB a mystery. But that it is nllel.arednp now ; the explanation is simple. It wasn't the farmers that owed tho money or paid It, but the finan cial institutions wliioh have got the farmers' lands, and have been for. years ealmly ignoring tlie State's olalms for raut. It seems probable that a slightly tighter squeeze might be depart- mentally applied to tho rent arrears without pinching th "poor farmer " in the least. Whan all that has over bean alleged concern ing privlleged olasses," Governmental "porks" and civil service extravagances iri'Viotoria, and even . when a few sermons oh "political corruption " are superadded' thoreto, it must be confessed that "Victoria after all " isn't in it " in comparison with . tho other colonies. It is really pitiful at times to s.s the utter bewilderment and incrodulity of publia servant, on holiday from over th. borders when thoy visit the "Cabbrig Gordon," and find that there are now no suob luxuries as free railway passes to mar. or loss undlstin- gushod visitors available. It is perfectly natural tlint tbey should fool as if tho bottom hail fallen oat of things generally, and that ohaos had come again, when thoy rcoolleot how far doad-hoadism is oarried in Sydney. And how far that ia, tha outer world only learned this week per medium of a question in th. Assembly. It transpires that when a Sydney barrister deigns to pay the Governor of th colony th eomplimerit of- attending hi levie, ha hires a cavriago to drive him to Govofhriiont House and lias tho bill sent to the Attorney. General, who pays it out of his departmental funds I That layi over anything in t(ie way of free passes or professional perks that Victoria can show. The ultimate indivisibility of matt.r and the Iimitabiiity of liquid compression 'cannot, bo so easily and practieally d.monstrated as tho ne plus ultra of retrenchment. Tbe daso of th 8ciontiflo savant's horse, wbioh dl.d just when ho had acqulrod th art of living on ono straw a day, shows that wo must" d'w th lino some where. In Viotoria we havo not reached that point yet, but evidently wo ere noariug it. For surely it is timo to call a halt when th icono clastic hand of the irreverent retrenchor kovera over the Legislative Council and threatens to rob that venerated Chamber of its Chairman of Committees. ' It is true that the Connoil's sittings are fow and short, nnd that it has a Pi.Bldont to engineer them through ; audit is also true that £400 a yearsaved is £400 a year gained. Bnt think of the 'sacrifice of dignity and the awful precedent. Sotting aside the question of whether the Counoii could survive the loss of its ohairriian, and whathor tlie oountry oould survive th. loss of the Coun oii — just think of the terrible breaoh such a retrenchment would make in the hitherto Invulnerable fortress of Parliamentary official dom. It would infallibly be discovered that several " offiosrs of the Housa" are not indis pensable, that thoir salaries arc disproportionate to thoir services, and that substantial savings oan be effected in th running of the chambers, even outside the catering for the refreshment rooms. It is, in fact, faintly possible that, should tho Assembly's mace by any mysterious con junction of circumstances again disappear, the House might consider " tire bauble" not worth replacing at th price. Clearly it Is time to pull up and save the palladium of our. constitu tional liberties from sacrilegious retrenekers by drawing round and round it tbe "magio qireie whieh embodies the cabalistic warning, " hands off." 