our ladies' column. \- . •» LADIES' BLOUSE-WAIST Wlltt REMOVABLE FANCF COLLAR. The waist is here shown made of plain and figured organdy and decorated with lace and ribbon. It introduces a fanciful collar that is extremely dressy, and though the waist is full in effect, it is preserved from a neglige appearance by a closely fitted lining. The closing is made at the centre ef the front. The full fronts and full backs aro joined in shoulder and under-arm seam3 and are gathered at the neck and shoulder edges, the rullness being drawn well to the centry by short rows of shirring at the waist-line and drooping gracefully in blouse fashion at the front. The fanciful collar is in two sec tions that meet on the shoulders and flare m two broad tabs over the slseves, the closing being made on the left shoulder ; it forrns two points at the back, and a point in front at each side of an extension that covers the closing with the effect of a box- plait and droops with the full front, to which it is tacked at the waist-line. All the edges of the fancy collar are stylishly decorated with a frill of narrow lace edging. The standing collar is covered with a softly wrinkled stock of ribbon that is bowed prettily at the back, and drooping over the collar afc each aide of the front is a dainty, lace-edged Parquin point of plain organdy. A similar point decorates tho puff sleeves at the wrist, the puffs being gathered at the top and bottom extending to the elbow. A wrinkled ribbon is worn about the wrist and is arranged in a bow at the back. Crepon, wool-and-silk grenadine, satin faced mohair and such fabrics as chiffon, dimity, organdy, etc , will developeeSecti^oly by the mode, and a simple decoration of lace edging and ribbon will be attractive. Messrs Cirolin and Co have this pattern (No. 7SS0) in thirteen sizes for ladies from twenty-eight to fo.-ty-six inches bust measure. To make the blouse-wai3t for a lady of med ium size, requires three yards and a fourth of figured with one yard of plain organdy each thirty-six inches wide. Of one material it needs six yards and a fourth twenty-two I inches wide, or five yards and an eighth thirty inches wide, or four yards and a fourth thirty-six incne3 wide, or three yards and a fourth forty-four inches wide. Price of pattern, Is oJ. [Under this head ve will be prepared to receive ami answer, as far as possible, any in quiries which oar subscribers nay be ple-iaad to send in, addressed under covar, to "Madge," Advertises office.] THE SEED OF WELL-VENTILATED HOUSES. Very grave issues aro dependent upon the question of pure air in our houses. Not only liability to cold, but gout, rheumatism, neu ralgia, some forma of headache, and many forms of nervous irritationare to be conquered ; by constantly giving lungs and skin a fair chance of getting rid of their poisons. The irritable temper that so often accompanies severe literary work, and at last ends in the " breakdown," must largely be put to the im pure air breathed through lon;r hours ; and much of the intemperate drinking in towns tosults from the depressed feeling which follows work done under similar conditions. We think a great society should be formed to rousa the interest of all classes in this subject, and that inquiries should be made, the answers baing published, aa to the pro vision for fresh air existing in hotels, con cert rooms, theatres, schools, and churches. NVe are opposed ta action being taken through State inspectors. The present evi! will never be wholly overcome until indivi dual interest is aroused. Meanwhile, with out discussing systems of artificial ventila tion, we say to everybody : Livo as much as you can with open windows, wearing what ever extra clothes aro necessary. In this way you'will turn the hours of your work to physical profit instead of to physical loss. If you cannot bear an open window, even with an extra coat and a rug ovur your knees, the best thing is to throw the windows open, not a few inches, whenever you laave the room, and thus get rid of thu taint of many deid bodies that we have breathed out from ourselves', and that hang like ghosts about our rooms. Smuts may bo bad, but they are white as snow compared with impure air. Pay especial attention to the constant exposure to pure air both in clothes and bedding. Avoid chill, that is one form of poisoning ; avoid impure air, that is another and much more insidious form of poisoning.—"The Ladies' Treasury." THE GIRLS OF JERUSALEM. Of social life tlio girls of Jerusalem know nothing—absolutely nothing. They ocoaaion aily meet, a few together, and appear to enjoy each other's company a little. Thoy talk about their household work—irhich !3 really everything they know—and indulge in some light gossipy chat about friends, though ! their gossip is never of a harmful kind. In } conversation thoy show some little animation and spirit, but, being ignorant and illitorato; ! they have no idea of grammatical form of } expression. Occasionally cards, dominoes, ; and checkers are played, but the native girls : have little inclination for any pastime in- j volving mental effort. Such things as dances, 'fetes,' and fairs are unknown to the girls of Jerusalem; occasionally they are taken on a family picnic to some olive orchard near their homes, where they pass I part of the day. From these and all similar gatherings men are barred. There is abso lutely no commingling of the sexes. For a girl to appear at any assemblage where there are men would be regarded as audacious and shocking. No Jerusalem girl would do such a thing; she would not dream of committing so fatal a breach in the unwritten, though well-defined, law governing the conduct of her sex. So strict is this law, or custom, of exclusion that under no circumstances would a girl attend the wedding of her brother to which wore bidden guests out side the immediate families.— " Ladies' Home Journal." THE MANAGEMENT OF CHILDREN. The care of the younger children of tho household gives patience and knowledge of more value than rubies to the mothers of the future. Helping the older children with their lessons grounds ;nore tirmly the rudiim-ntary principles of one's education, besides winning the affectionate confidences of the brothers and sisters so aided. Children are as different in their natures and temperaments as grown-up people are, i and they are infinitely more sensitive, making I them easier both to manage md mismanage, 1 Ciiiid.-en cannot bo governed by any unvary ing rule ; they must be treated according to the differences in their characters. Children who . appear morose, obstinate, unhappy should not be made more so by punishment —they are wretched enough already. To alleviate, nor to increase, the unhsppine33 of childhood should be a parent's aitn. If girls were taught to carry small jars of water on their heads without spilling a drop of it, Indian or Italian fashion, they would gain a greater grace and suppleness of carriage than any system of backboards or dumb-bells could give. It would strengthen the musclea of the back and expand tho chest. Children arc often alarmed in their sloop, by dreams, are restless, and start up from time to time. This should not bo disre garded, n3 it is probably the result of natural causes, and may easily bo remedied. Ir ritation caused by toothing or snmo stomach trouble is often the reason, and it i3 a good plan to administer a mild purgative, as this can do no harm, ar.d may drive away the " bogies." ECONOMICAL CHRISTMAS FARE. Roiist Goose.—Pluck, singe, and draw tho goosd, carefully wash and wipe it, cut the necl^oii" close totheback, leaving enough skin to turn over, truss it, make a sage and onion atufti'inir, put it into tho body of tho goose, secure it firmly at both ends ; put in down to a brisk fire, keep it well basted, and roast from.2 to 2.1 hour?, according to size. Remove the-skewers, serve with gravy and apple sauce. Sage and Onion Stuffing ; 4 large onions, 10 sage leaves, Jib. breadcrumbs, linz.-butter, salt and pepper to taste, 1 egg. PiJel' the onions, and put them in boiling water with a pinch of soda, simmer for 10 minutes, and just before taking them out, put in tho sage leaves for 2 or . 3 minutes to take off their rawness ; chap very fine, add the breadcrumbs, seasoning, and butter, then add the yolk of 1 egg; the stuffing should bo rather highly seasoned. The gravy may be made by stewing the giblets for an hour in about a quart of water with a sheep's milt, an onion, a couple of cloves, and seasoning of salt and pepper. Well score the milt with a knife. After pouring off a sufficient quantity of gr.ivey for the goose, put the giblets and the remaining gravy aside, either to atew or make into a pie. Put the gravy into a saucepan with a small piece of butter, mixed with a little fl jur, to slightly thicken the gravy. 'For the Apple Sauce:' Peel and core about lib apples, put them in a stev.'pan with half a te;;cupful of water, and 2 or 3 cloves, let them simmer till tender, when sweeten to taste, and beat up with a fork till the sauce is smooth. Rolled Beef.—1 large rib of beet. Remove tho bono and roll the meat round, secure it with skewers, and bind with tape, put it down to a good fire, and baste frequently. Allow 20 minutes for each lb of beef. Remove the skewers, make gravy by pouring a little salted water in the tin. Send to table garnished with tufta sf horseradish. B'owned Potatoes.—Pare and boil about 21b of potatoes, let them drain quite dry, b?at them up with 2 oz butter, and a very little milk ; mash thoroughly, make into balls, and put them into tho tin with the roast beef to brown. Serve very hot. Christmas Pudding.—lb breadcrumb?, i lb currants, y lb finely chopped suet, lb sugar, nutmeg, \ lb stoned raisins, 1 oz candied peel, 1 tesspoor.ful finger, 3 eggs.— Mix tho breadcrumbs with tho suet, sugar, grated nutmeg, ginger, candied-peol chopped finely, raisins, and currents ; stir thoroughly together, then add the eggs well-beaten ; mix well, put into a buttered basin, tio down tightly, and boil i hours. When wanted, put into boiling water, and boil for li- hour. Mince Pies.—b lb pufF-paate, mincemeat. Have ready some little patty-pans, line them with paste, put'in a spoonful of mincemeat, and cover with another round of paste, press the edges together, and bake in a brisk oven; sift sugar over, and serve. Many person? prefer to use short cruat frr the lining of mince pies, but it is quite a matter of taste. 