TASMANIAN RACING CLUB. STEEPLECHASE DAY. (BY TELEGRAPH.) (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) HOB ART, FRIDAY. The Tasmanian Racing Club summer meet concluded to.day with fine weather and a large attendance. The Vice-regal party included Lord and Lady Gnrmanston, Sir Robert and Lady Duff and Misses Duff. The racing started with the Selling Hurdle, and a quintet saddled up, Sterling being installed favourit at evens. This well known son of Euolid won as he liked,, romping past the judge's stand with over a dozen lengths to spare from Trafalgar, who was ridden by Batty, with Kimberley third. The time, 2Lnin 54 sec, if cariect, was remarkably fast for Elwick, yet the winner when put under the hammer tsiled to bring forth a bid. Our of eleven acoep, tors for the Derwent Handicap, only a quartet faced the startar, tlh News. h:ar-.rained R.d Eagle bein'g se lec:cd for pride of plsz?. by the public. ['he race fibished a somewhat easy victory for the N.S. Wales.bred Windsor, an inmate of ls.yle's stable, who led from start to finish. The scratching pencil was used m:jat liberally in connec tion with the Lord Stakes, only a trio being left in, Mountaineer started as favourite at two to one on, but he failed to repay his supporters for their confidence. The race provided an easy victory for Lord Glasgow, Silveroid fnishing over 12 lengths behind Mountaineer. The Derby winner kept right in the ruck throughout, never getting within call of the others. This fine son of Mozart and Silverthread seems to have gone right off since his Derby victory ; he is a growing colt, and may want time to ripen. The stewards held an enquiry int. the running of Lord Glasgow in the Wilson Stakes on Thursday, and after hearing the testimony they dismissed the matter with out comment. Mr W. Brown, than whom there has never been a more genuine sportsman in Tasmania,was naturally much put out about the incident, but the squire of Richmond Park may rest assured the ipublic would in no way dream of associa ting his name with any proceeding on the turf that was not strictly honourable. The horse was off his feed for some days recently, and returned to his oats on Thursday night, and was in decidedly better form than when he ran in the Wilson Stakes. If Silveroid really showed his genuine form during the Hobart meeting his owner would act wisely if he put the pencil through his name for the events in which he has been entered in Launceston. Judging by his running at Elwick he has not the ghost of a chance for a win. The Steeplechase was a veritable chapter of accidents-Tantrum, Glenview, Flambea'i, and Mainstay falling, while Vanessa re fused the last of the treble in the second time round. The general opinion was that Mainstay had lie stood up would have won. 'He certainly shaped well until he came to grief. The final struggle was between the two stable companions, Sirius and Cypher, the latter winning by some holf.drzen lengths. Mainstay, after throwing Fi'z gerald, was mounted by P. Dallan, who rode him in third amidst cheers from the onlookers. Fortunately none of the thrown jockeys were seriously hurt. The curtain was rung d.,wn on a most success ful meeting with the Farewell Handicap, eight constituting the field, with the Vic torian representative (Carrington) as favourite. Lord Glasgow despite his heavy impost ran a really good horse, Batty being in the saddle, for he led the field most of the journey, but in the straight was passed by Partner, Lena, and Carring ton, the former scoring the victory. Part ner was sold before the race to Mr W. Jones, of 'Victoria, for £50, and his new purchaser won more than he gave for him ere the day was out. The following are the results: SELLING HURDLE RAcE-Of 50 sovs. Special weights-Three and four-year-olds, list; 5 yrr,llst 91b; 6 yra and aged, 12st. Usual allowance to mares and geldings, Winner to be sold for £100: 71b allowed for every £25 redactlon in selling price. Distance, one mile and a half, MlrBR. Taylor ns br g Sterlirg, by Euclid, aged, £50, 10 t 91b ... ... Law 1 Mr J. Evans ns b g Trafalgar, aged. £25, 10st 21b ... ...... ... Batty 2 Mr J. Powell ns oh g Kimberley, aged, nil. 9st 91b . . Fitzgerald 3 'Mr ,H. T. Iogersoli's oh g Mere Antony, aged, nil, 9st 91b... ... ... Evans 0 Mr J. B. Ourran's b g Norval, 8 yrs, £25, 9t21b ..... ... .. B'ackwell 0 Betting-Even on Sterling, 3 to 1 agst IKimberley, 5 to 1 Trafalgar. The first hurdle was negotiated by Sterling, Marc Antmnv, Kimberley, Norval, and Trafalgar in the order named. .At the stand Sterling led, with Kimberley next and Norval third, Entering the back of the course Sterling led by three lengths from Kimberley, and then came 'Trafalgar, Marc Antony, and Norval. Approaching the rise Batty made an effort with Trafalgar, but Sterling simply 'romped away from the field, winning by upwards of a dozen lengths. There was a length between second and third horses. Marc Antony was four:h, and Norval last. Time, 2min 541aec. Totalisator-649 on the machine, 322 an t:oe winner, dividend 18s. iDERWENT HANDICAP-A welter hondicap of 50 sovs. For all ages. The second horse to recsive 10 sees out of the stake. Lowest weight, 8st. Distance, seven fur longs. .Mr Doyle ns b or br h Windsor, Has:iogs Matilda.'6 yrs, 8st llb (1lb over)...Holdiog 1 Mr 0. S. Agnew's oh o Red Eagle, 3 yre, 8at 121b ... Dawes 2 :Mr T. A, Bnrrill's b g Xmas Carol, aged, 8st 71b ... ...Kearney 0 .Mr J. Po. ell's b m Rahasel, 4 yrs, 8st, Morrison 0 Betting--Even on Red Eagle, 4 to '1 Rachel and Windsor. 'Windsor went away with the lead, fol lowed by Red Eagle, Xmas Carol, and IRachel in the order named. Racing into the back Rachel had gone up into second ,place, and up the rise Red Eagle looked ,dangerous, but all attempts t' cut do-vn the leader failed, and Windsor answering to the whip near home won comfortably by a length, six lengths separating the second and third horses, Xmas Carol last. Time, Lmin 34(sec. Totalisator-89t on the machine, 213 on the winner, divilend 37s. 'D?E LORD STAKEs -A handiop of 80 soes. For 3 yrs.old and upwards: second horse to receive 10 sors outjjf the stake. Dis tance, one mile and a quarter and a distance. Mr W. Brown's b h Lard Glasgow, by Hugendon-Streamer, 5 yrs, St 31b .Iorsia 1 Mr M. Doyle be br h Mountaineer, 4 yrs, t 12b......... Darby 2 Mr R. O'COanor's b or br a Sllverold, 8 yre, 8st ... ... ... ... Stebbings 3 Betting-2 to 1 on Mountaineer and 8 to 1 Lord Glasgow. The race was a one- horse contest from first to last, Lord Glasgow clearing off at the Etart and was never headed. Moun taineer threw out a challenge in the straight, but Lord Glasgow wnn by half a length without a touch of the whip,Silveroid upwards of 12 lengths behind the second horse. Time, 2min 30see. Tatalisator 781 on the machine, 211 on the winner, dividend .£ 133. STEEPLECIHASE-A handicap of 100 sovs. For 3yrs-old and upwards. The second horse to receive 10 save out of the stake. Dis tance, about 2j miles. Mr M.Gason no b gitirlus, Assyrian-Stella, aged, 10t, ....... Moggridge 1 Mr M. Gason no b g Cypher, aged, 10st 12ib M'Oombe 2 Mr B. Cox's b g Mainstay, aged, 9st 71b Fitzgerald 3 Mr . Cart er's b g Glenvlew, aged, 12.t 21b ... ... ... ... ... ...Roache 0 Mr 0. Craok's br g Flambeau, 6 yrs, 10st 91b ... Moran 0 Mr M. Doyle ns g m Vanessa, aged, Oat 51b Law 0 Mr W. Batty ne oh m Tantrum, 5 yre, 98t ...Spencer 0 Betting-5 to 2 Flambeau, 5 to 1 Glen View, Cypher, and Mainstay, 7 to 1 Sirius. The first fence was taken by Cypher, Sirius, and Mainstay in the order named, Tantrum kissing mother earth, and the others getting over in extended order. At the back Mainstay was leading, attended by Sirius, Flambeau, and Cypher, Glen view coming to grief. The first of the treble was taken by Mainstay in the lead, Flambeau, who was second over, falling. At the next fence Vanessa refused, and the race was now between Mainstay, Sirius, and Cypher. Mainstay led round the back, where he came to grief, and the battle was then fought out between Sirius and Cypher, the former winning by six lengths, Mainstay, who was mounted by P. Dallan, coming in third. Time, 5min 43aec. Totalisator-1070 on the machine, 87 on winner,I dividend £5 10s. FAREWELL HANDICAP-A handicap of 40 sovs. For all ages. Distance, six furlongs. Mr D. Virtue ns br g Partner, Creswlck Nora, aged, 8st 51b ... ...Stebbinge 1 Mr J. bait's b m Lena, 5 yrs, 8t 121b ... ... .. ... ... ... Oueden 2 Mr J, Paterson's b g Carrington, aged, 9st 21b ... ... . . .. ... ... 3 Mr W. Brown's b h Lord Glasgow, 5 yre, 8st (inoluding penalty 10at) ... ... 0 Mr J. Powell us b h Fasalefern, 5 yrs, 8st 71b ... ... .... Tomlin 0 Mr C. S. Agnew's'oh o Red Eagle, 3 yre, 8st ... Dawes 0 Mr M. Gason ns blk m Satanells, 4 yre, 7st .. Flanagan 0 Mr J. Powell ns b m Rachel, 4 yrs, 7et ... ... Shrimpton 0 Betting-5 to 2 agst Carrington, 6 to 1 Partner and Lena, 7 to 1 Hobart and Glas gow, 10 to 1 others. Fassiefern,Lord Glasgow, and Carrington were the first to show out when the starter dropped his flag, Lord Glasgow led the field up the hill, attended by Lena and Carrington, with Partner, who was slow to leave the mark. Coming strongly up the straight Stebbings brought Partner along, and he won by two lengths from Lena, with Carrington third, Glasgow fourth, and Satanella last. Time, lwin 191sec. Totalisator-1022 on machine, 157 on the winner dividend £2 18s. 