NEWS IN BRIEF. The attention of persons who have money to invest is directed to the advertisement calling for tenders for the loan of 10,000 by the Shire of Colac. Twenty-five first-class dairycows (spring ing) will be offered by Messrs J. G. John stone and Co. on Saturday. Mr T. W. Bull, herbalist, will be in Colac to-day and to-morrow, when he may be consulted at the Union Club Hotel. Mr B. Sheppard will receive tenders until Monday next for carting 150 tons of potatoes from Maamre estate to the Pirron Yalloak station. Mr Walter Oliver will receive tenders until Saturday evenine for the re-building of about 70 chains of rabbit proof wall on the Wool Wool estate. It is stated on the authority of Mr Herbert Gladstone, that his father will not stand for any constituency at the forth. coming elections. A largely attended meeting of owners and trainers of racehorses held at Fleming ton on Wednesday decided to support the introduction of the totalisator in Victoria. We have received a letter in reference to a supposed " ghost" in Colac, but as there is no name attached all such communica tions are consigned to the waste paper basket. The meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society this evening will take the form of a mimic Parliament, and the pro ceodings should be of an interesting charac SMr Gladstone has stated that it is not his intention to resume official political work in the present crisis in Britain, but he would certainly assist the Liberal party in the election campaign. The Liberal party in the House of Com mons has agreed to give a reasonable amount' of h?lp to the new Administrrtion in passing the remainder of the estimates, eta. If they had nor done so there would have been a very pretty block indeed, Good rain has fallen at Milparinka, Balranald, Albury (252 points), Wagga (284 points) and other places in New South Wales. At Horsham there was a steady dovwnpour, whinh will do much good to the crops, as rain was badly needed, The Rev, Q. F. Hawkins crected a highly favorable impression by his admirable lecture in the Wesleyan Church, Colas, on Tuesday evening. He is an able speaker and will be a considerable acquisition to the Wesleyan denomination. The train arrangements on the leelong and Port Fairy line have been somewhat deranged of late, and the trains rarely arrive at the local station to time. Tra vellers frequently complain, too, that insufficient time is allowed at the station for refreshments, especially as the local station is the only place between Geelong and Port Fairy 'wlere the- wants of 'thi innmer man" may be satisfied. . "Observer"" in the Argus" makes the following pertinent'remarks on the umnpir ing of matches:--"One point worth im pressing is that some'of the umpires appear. io misconceive the main piirpose of :;tr' rules of footbaell. Th?l ilre:uvt frmhsdd f~i the o[jebt ot 'n~ablhng tinipires to use their fliistles on overy opportunity, and many of games are being spoiled through a free kick being given for every fault howerer technical or trifling. It was never intended, I feel sure, that the laws should be thus riidly enforced, though in these mattgrg a great deal will always depend' O 't -i dise cretion of-the umpire - :. : 