MR MICHAEL DAVITT'S VISIT. We take the following interesting account of Mr Oavitt's first lecture in Melbourne from the columns of our eBtecnied contemporary, the Yea Chronicle:—Mr Michael Davitt, the founder of the Irish Land League, had a most enthusiastic reception in Melboarne on Saturday last, nearly every ailableinch of space is the lar^e Hibernian llall being taken up. Do Monnny night the hall was, if anythiug, even more crowded. He deltvered a very interentiug lecture, entitled " Parliomentary Photographs," and the generous manner in which he dealt with his political opponents revealed the broad-mindedness of (he lectnrer; who was frequently brought to a stop by the thunders of applause which greeted his utterances. lie paid a generous tribute to Mr Arthur Balfour, leader of the Conservai in the House of Commons, who, while Chief Secretary for Ireland had pent rnoet of the land leaguer* toTull.imore Gaol; but he was not quite 80 tender when dealing with the politically crooked ways of Mr Joseph Chamberlain, leader of the Liberal Unionists To Mr William Johnson, leader ol the democracy amongst the Orangemen, and Co* Ion el Sinderaon, leader of the Ulster Tories, he paid warm tributes, stating that he believed they were both as thoroughly con* scientioos in the views they held as he was his; they w*re not like some men who went over to England and weakly npolo. giaed for ,beiog born in Ireland, Mr Johnuton and Colonel Sandernon rather glorying in the fact that they were Irishmen. Colonel Sandeison, who was one of the wits and favorites of the House of Commons, was on one occasion taunted that his party had no arguments to advance against the Home Rule Bill of 1892. "There is no uecessity to do eo," said the colonel; there (pointing to the Home Itule members) are 16 Eolid areumcats against it." This sally provoked roars of laughter, and by none was it more enjoyed than by the Home Unle member*, with several of whom the colonel is on terms of warm personal friendship. Tiie two most promising statesmen in Eogland, according to Mr Davitt, are Mr Johu Morley, Chief Secretary for Ireland, and Mr Asqnith, Home Secretary. He raoks Mr Thomas Sexton, member for Belfa< as the next in point of oratory to Mr Gladstone, while he thinks no man has done more for the Irish caase than Mr John Dillon. The lecture, which was interspersed with short reminiscences of the leading actors, in the ifinglish and Irish drama, was a inoBt interesting one, and at the close Mr Davitt received a perfect ovation. It may be stated that he lias only one arm, the other having been lost while working aa a mill hand in Lancashire, with the dialect of which country be appeared tolerably familiar. Looking at his whole demeanor, one does nut wonder that the ex- Eenian convict waa able, like Mr Brad laugh, to cement many friendships between Tories and Liberals daring the abort tune he occupied a seat in the House of Commons, He is touring the colony for the benefit of his health, and also for the purpose of replenishing a depleted exchequer* He started a paper in London - called the Labor World, and it is said he loet heavily by it. His sentences areas clear cut as a well put together cablegram, and from beginning io end there was scarcely a superfluous word, though the lecture took exactly two hours in delivery* The vote of thanka was proposed by Mr Duffy, Postmaster General, seconded by Mr John Murray, member lor Warrnambool, and endorsed by the Hon. Francis Longmore, who occupied a foremost seat on the platform, looking like the ghost of the fiery Loyal Liberal of bygone years. ? 