THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, OCTOBER i, 1895. EPITOME OF NEWS. Land sale at Launceston yesterday fairly good. Lots sold aggregated 626 Tasmanian Race Club programmes ready this evening Hobart College of Music Michaelmas vaca- tion 5th to 12th inst, j Nubeena makes excursion to Half Moon Bay on "sunday next. Meeting of Licensed Victuallers' Association this afternoon at Mining Bichan Mr Eltham unanimously elected conductor of the Hobart Choral Society. General Booth and staff passengers on board s s Rimutaka. 1 S T J O A. meeting this evening to discuss proposed formation of an independent committee City Band, under Signor Boro, play selection of music at residence of their president, Mr. R. Snowden, this evening Tenders close at 2 30 p in to-day for conveyance of passengers, stores, etc on various Marine Board services (tame magnificent Shropshire sheep arrived from England yesterday to the order of Mr. Kermode, of Mona Vale Silver quotation 3s. 16d. London wool sales still steady. South Carolina whites deciding on his f franchisement of negroes. - . Case of leprosy discovered in Sydney. Patient quarantined. Queensland revenue increased £91,713 during the September quarter. Small consignment of New South Wales apples sold at profit of 4s. per case in India. til. Baden has at last succeeded in forming a new Austrian Ministry. Manchester Canal syndicate bidding high for Australian trade. London County Council relating restrictions on music-hall liquor licences. Paris receding in betting for the Cam- bridgeshire Stakes. W. S. Cox, proprietor of Moonee Valley and Maribyrnong racecourses, died yesterday Mr. C. S. Dicken, Secretary in Queensland Agent-General's Office, has been appointed acting Agent-General. Sir Julius Vogel likely to be appointed New Zealand Government financial adviser in London. I All Victorian fruits are to be placed on the I free-list in the Queensland Customs Duties Bill. Dean poisoning case still causing excitement in Sydney. Affair now considered a triangular contest between lawyers. Rioting at Stamboul. Twenty thousand Armenians fighting for liberty or death. Sultan panic-stricken. Prolonged sitting of New South Wales Assembly, fighting over estimates., Government majority carrying every important division. Edgar Fenn Tye sent to gaol for two years' for misappropriating money of the Australasian Secular Friendly Benefit Society in Sydney. Professor Douglas, experienced in the ways of Chinese, thinks there is something suspicious in the ready compliance with demand to degrade Viceroy Liu Ping Chang. Bill introduced in New Zealand House of Representatives for giving Government extended powers in making reciprocal commercial treaties with Governments of Australasian colonies. In the Legislative Council v yesterday, Mr Paget presented a petition from ratepayers of Campbell Town, praying for a more equitable scale of voting, in rural mu ucipiilittes 3 he petition was received the Chief Silchester tabled papers in regard to the regulations under the Local In scribed Stock Act The petition presented by Mr Hart in regard to neglected children was referred to the Printing Committee the amendments made in committee in the Income Tax Bill were agreed to, with the exception of clause 21, which was struck out the bill was then read a third time and passed The Mining Act Amendment Bill was further considered in committee and-twenty clauses added. The bill was reported with amendments, which were ordered to be considered next day. The City of Hobart Loans Consolidation and Hobart Corporation Bills were read a second time, and considered in committee with the Hobart Corporation Loan (£10 000) Bill. In regard to the Hobart Corporation Bill progress was reported, and have granted to sit again next day The other two bills were reported with amendments, which were ordered to be considered as it day The Hobart Electric Light Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be considered in committee next day At 9 30 p in the Council adjourned until 4 o'clock next day in the House of Assembly yesterday, Mr DOBson, obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the Education Act, and which was read a first time A bill to consolidate and amend the Act for the protection of game was read a third time and passed the Legislative Councils amendments to the Scottsdale Water Bill were agreed to the ritEASOl Li moved the second reading of a bill to further amend the Land Tax Act, 1888, by which he proposed to reduce the land tax of 3d in the £1, and allow inga one third destruction to mortgagors The bill passed through all its stages On the motion to resolve into committee to consider the Legislative Council's amendments the Income Tax Bill ihelltEASintmt made a supplemental v financial statement of an optimistic character The revenue for- all sources had increased considerably beyond expectation saw false he being v ed his estimates for 1894 would be fully realised, notwith standing " disturbing elements ' mainly due to the action of the Lopalatno Council Leave of able ice was minted to Mr. Leamiam for another fortnight Mr LinqbHAl i moved the second reading of the Hobart Gas Co 's Electric Light Bill, and the debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr Bkadua Mr Biak Y carried a resolution to vote £60 lGi to the Railton J oud fruit Mr DilQUU kitT, on the motion for adjournment started another discussion on the efficiency of the Mines Department At 1115 pin the House adjourned till pm next day The ïiiEAbuiiKit yesterday unbosomed himself to the Assembly on the subject of the rejection of the Land Tax Bill by the Legislative Council. Naturally, he spoke both in sorrow and in anger. His sorrow was, however, somewhat comical, because it was based on assumptions which will not bear examination. Oneassumption was, that the Council is dominant in financial matters. and that the minority is ruling in this colony. This is, of course, the usual nonsense talked on such occasions. It is evident, we suppose, even to the most simple, that a branch of the Legislature cannot be dominant which cannot initiate a certain class of measures. So long as there are two Houses, one House must have the power to reject, and it is simply absurd to say that the branch which has that power is dominant in any proper sense of that word. The assumption on which the Treasukek proceeded was, however, so evidently a false one, that we can only wonder that he ventured on such very shaky ground. He told the House that unimproved value had been accepted again and again by the country, but had been rejected by the Council. This does not happen to be the fact. There is no evidence to show that unimproved value has been accepted by the country on the contrary, there is a great deal of evidence to show that it has not. The rejection of this great desire of the people has not caused so much as one meeting, yet we are asked to believe that the country is in a state of seething indignation. The Tiieasueeh felt, evidently, the absurdity of all this when he was challenged by the Opposition, for he proceeded to declare that he knew of no majority except the one that he found in the Assembly. This is, of course, but another of the fallacies in which the Treasurer j is so fertile, but even if it was true, how can that touch the position of the Council ? That House knows nothing of any such majority, but it I does know, and is bound to notice, the state of feeling in the country. There cannot be any question as to the correctness of this position, which possibly, the Treasurer- will see when the fact is pointed out to him, and he will find that he has been quietly cutting the ground from under his own feet. For, how does the case stand ? Everybody knows that there has been the utmost confusion both of thought and statement in regard to this subject of unimproved value. Ministers themselves in neither House have been able to say what it is, and if they are now agreed, it is only within a very short time indeed. Is this a state of affairs in which they can fairly say that the Council is opposing an ardent desire of the people, which has existed for many years ? Why, the statement, when taken in connection with the facts, is the purest bunkum that was ever r uttered, as the confusion in regard to the subject is a matter of notoriety. The Council, as far as we can judge, has simply acted in accordance with its strict rights and, what is more, it has done the very duty for the performance of which it is constituted. A crude, little understood, presumably unworkable measure was -sent up to it, and it has given Ministers the chance to mature their scheme, if it admits of being made better, and the country a further chance of showing 1 its opinion on the new method of assessment. In connection with this subject, it is idle, even ridiculous, to pretend that there is merely an abstract question to be considered, which has long been settled. It may be admitted that at one time a large number of persons were in favour of unimproved value, because they thought that their improvements, were going to escape, It was our lot to show them that this could not be the case, whilst further experience has shown them that, if they have that system they must have an Income Tax as well. To this they are not, as far as we can see, prepared to assent, and the Council has done rightly in giving them further time for reflection, and the expression of opinion. Moreover, it must be borne in mind that if the scheme had been ever so acceptable, if all was true that the Treasurer said about it, the way in which it was brought in rendered its postponement highly desirable. It is a painful fact, in connection with our legislative work, that no one was able to show how an assessment on unim- proved value was to be made which could be regarded as likely to be at all satisfactory. The provisions in the Bill for this valuation were tyrannical, arbitrary, even absurdly unfair, and such as we can only wonder that the Assembly was got to assent to Unfortunately, that House is apt to do very strange things, as may be learned from the way in which it has been passing Bills of late, and it is a happy thing for the country that there is a second Chamber to keep some check upon it. We do not believe that if the country had the question put to it, we mean that portion of the country which would have to pay the tax, whether it was willing to accept the proposed assessment, there would be found even a small minority to answer in the affirmative. In this state of affairs, a state that was simply notorious, what was the duty of the Council The answer must be, that its duty was to allow the matter to be more fully matured and made to work with atleastsome degree of fairness. and we do not believe that any meeting of taxpayers could be found to pass a resolution condemning what the Council has done in this respect. These are the facts, as contrasted with the high falutin of the Treasurer, who was at heart, we fancy, glad that his fad had been quietly put away. Mr. Bird spoke the opinion of the country, when he said that the people would feel relief at knowing that they were not to be harassed by another and novel scheme of taxation. This is, indeed, the true feeling of the people generally. They are, it is true, very patient and long-suffering, but they had grown very weary of the many calls upon them, and were fairly sick of the prospect before them. This is another, and a very strong, argument in justification of the course taken by the Council. Whatever may be the merits of unimproved value, and they are not many so far as Ministers have been able to show, nothing can be clearer than that the way in which it was sought to be brought into force was absurd and cumbersome in the extreme. Mr. Bird, too, put the'fiiEASUHEit right on another point. That gentleman had been talking in lofty strains about the Council standing in the way of a principle which had been consistently supported by himself and the Assembly for a series of years. Mr. Bird showed that the fact is, that the principle was brought forward some eight years ago and afterwards abandoned, and never heard of more until quite recently. We showed this same thing some time since when we wrote about the evolution of a policy, in reference to certain loose remarks of the Premier. We did not expect, however, that the Treasurer would jump into the same rotten boat, and elect to sink in general estimation with his colleague. Certainly, it does seem strange that such loose minded politicians as these should venture to accuse -the Council of standing in the way of a great principle, which they clearly, do not understand themselves. The Treasurer in the Assembly last night made what may be fairly called a supplementary financial statement, which was of a most cheerful character. Indeed, some members thought that the tone of the Treasurer was more cheerful than the facts \varrant,liecause things have gone too far for the lost ground to be recovered all at once. He referred specially to the increased price for wool, which will make a difference of several millions to Australia, and of a good round sum to this colony, even if the estimate is a somewhat sanguine one. The Treasurer also referred to the way in which the credit. of the colonies is now established in England, as shown by the increased value of securities. Naturally, the Treasurer took some credit to himself for having made a forecast which has proved to be correct, especially as it was a cheerful one. He announced that the inscribed stock of the colony was going oil", and could be disposed of as required, though some thought that to sell it at par was not good financing. He then proceeded to show that Customs had already realised his estimate over 1894, and there were hopes that the revenue would improve. The inland revenue, the excise, the territorial, and the railways all showed a fair increase, and it was expected that the railways, with further savings, would come out for the present year exceedingly well. The objection taken was. that revenue properly belonging to 1894 had been carried on to 18!)j,nna the carrying on the same policy for 1896 was deprecated. However, the Treasurer claimed that the Territorial Revenue showed that confidence was returning;, and that all the signs pointed to the bursting of the sun. of prosperity through the clouds by which it has been so long obscured; He computed in spite of certain increases in expenditure and reductions in revenue, owing to changes made by the Council, that the estimated surplus on the year, £1,991, would be brought out. On the whole, the position would be about the same as originally estimated, and there were hopes that the future might prove to be even brighter than expected. With regard to 1890, it was difficult to say what the actual figures might be, out there was reason to believe that the estimated surplus might be brought out, and without the £10,000 proposed at one time to be taken from the Land Titles Fund. There was some criticism on the. statement, mainly on the ground that the House was not sufficiently informed as to 1896, but there seemed to be an agreement that something must be left uncertain, and there did not appear to be much to say against this view. In short, we may say that criticism had no basis to go upon, and could, therefore, reach no certain conclusion. It may be noted that the Treasurer took the permanency of the Income Tax for granted, but expressed a hope that when the deficiency was wiped out, or greatly reduced some two or three years hence, the amount of the tax might be reduced by one-half. The reply to the criticism that no clear view could be got of the revenue for 1896 was, that something must be left to chance or there must be more taxation. From this there does not seem to be any | escape, and we can only hope for the best. The Assembly yesterday passed a Bill to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Protection of Game, which contains some very useful provisions. One is the absolute prohibi- tion of punt guns, which wound generally a great many more birds than are killed. Indeed, the descriptions that we have received of the havoc caused by these destructive instruments are terrible enough to make us wonder that men can cause such useless and wanton destruction. The Bill provides for a close season for various birds and animals, and there is an absolute prohibition of the killing of any native Eime during the breeding season, little, wanton boys will do well to remember that they may be fined forty shillings for taking the eggs of native game, though they do not, as a rule, seem to care much for the penalty. The buying and selling of white magpies is absolutely prohibited, whilst any person who shoots at or wilfully kills or captures or destroys the eggs of any of the birds enumerated in a schedule is liable to a penalty of forty shillings, and the list includes no less than sixty-two birds, which make up nearly all the birds that are known Some of the clauses, however well they may do for the vicinity of towns, will certainly not be found to work in the country. For example, there is a penalty on any person who hunts or is found in possession of an opossum between the months of August and April. Now, in the bush it is known that the opossums eat up the settlers'' crops, so that the question arises whether the settler and his family are to have vegetables to eat, or whether they shall be grown for the benefit of the opossums alone. These animals are quite epicures in their way. They are not very particular as to what vegetables they eat, but they have a very pronounced taste for celery and peas, watching the latter carefully and pick- ing them as soon as they are formed in the pod. No law will prevent the settler trapping these pests of his garden, as the question is one of either living or leaving. There is a penalty of £50 for introducing the fox, wild dog or wolf, and a penalty for letting loose weasels and ferrets. We should like to see some protection given to the platypus, which is being destroyed at a very rapid rate, and which is one of the most curious animals in the whole wide world. Its I doom is fixed, but it might be well to keep it with us as long as possible. Yesterday four of the city members Messrs. Mulcahy, Crisp, Bradley, and Hiddlestone received a deputation said to be representative of the unemployed and listened, with a becoming display of seriousness, to the statements and requests which the deputation advanced. The unemployed, it would appear, do not crave for further " relief " works ; they want something substantial. The choice of two substantial things was offered-a canal through Eagle Hawk Neck (stated cost, £200 000), and the removal of the gaol to Derwent-park (ultimate cost said to be nothing) Also, the deputation asked that no man employed on relief works should be paid at a less wage than 53 a day. This, the deputation were anxious to explain, did not involve the question of minimum wage, but quite a different question. From which it will be seen that the deputation quibbled audaciously, after the old, old deputation manner. Further, Mr. Turnbull (the Rev. A. Turnbull) arose, and calmly propounded this novel and striking politico-economical axiom : " Wages must rise that is the only way to bring about commercial prosperity." Whereupon the unemployed, who were present to the number of two score or so, murmured wise appreciation. What the shade of Adam Smith diI nobody knows. The members were fairly sensible in their replies. Excepting Mr. Bradley. Mr Bradley is a simple hearted, genial, nice man ; his weak point (we all have our weak points is that he never lets slip an opportunity of saying something foolish. Mr. Bradley said, " we must make the Ministers carry out some work or other; even at the point of the bayonet, if necessary." When Mr. Bradley sees this in cold print, he will probably realise how foolish an utterance it was. Mr. Mulcahy forgot for the nonce how very versatile he is, and spoke sensibly on the thinly-disguised minimum wage proposal. Mr. Crisp made a reasonable reply. Mr. Hiddlestone was mildly and (for him) unusually sarcastic and blunt in stating his opinion officers men of words and agitators He also averred that some of those connected with the unemployed question did the workingman in incalculable amount of harm Mr Hiddlestone in that regard spoke words of wisdom J The custom toil and distress of the workers is constantly increased by the pest of professional players and she un plan thropists It it, not rise i ltd that Dr Turnbull is either the one or the other But that he has done little practical good, and down a good deal of pie sently germinating mischief among our own few unemployed is, unhappily, indubitable Mavou's Count. There were no cases al j this Court yesterday. I Charitable Aid The Premier has des patched a circular to the various Wardens and Stipendiary Magistrates of the colony asking them to inform him what will be the minimum amount they will require for next year under the heading of charitable relief to paupers, having regard to the fact that economical arrangements may be made with ! medical men for attendance) etc. The circular suggests that it may be convenient, as well as economically lend some of those who are objects of charity in the (Government institutions, and thanks the Warden and Magistrate for the courtesy and aid they have extended to the Premier in administer- ing charitable relief this year. ATTENDANCE AT PRIVATE SCHOOLS.- The Premier is taking all steps in his power to ensure better attendance at private schools, and has sent the following memorandum to the Wardens of municipalities and the friends of police: "It has been suggested that, in the interests of certain western ducted private schools the local police should act as truant officers for ensuring the attention of children of school age three days a week at least, and, in order that this should be done, that the police should be charged with the duty of examining the n tr'Bters of such schools. There is nothing in the Education Act that justifies my plan ing an authoritative order to this i fleet ; but it is practicable for you, by arrangement with proprietors of private schools and the police of your jurisdiction, to do what in required, and I shall be greatly obliged if, pending amendment of the Education Act, you will (be what is necessary in this direc- tion." To the principals eunuch pi ivulofchoola an it may concern, the Di rector of Education has issued the following :- " As the non ina return of scholars attending the school under your charge during the year 1916 shows an average attendance of only - days 1' r each scholar throughout the year, it may be inferred that the majority failed to act and from week to week the minimum time pro- scribed by law and I am therefore in structed by the Minister of Education to inform you, as well as the principal of other schools in which the average is unsatisfactory), that, unless there is improvement in this respect, the Minister will have to consider the desirability of such an amendment of the Education Act as will empower him by inspection and otherwise to deal strictly with the private schools that are found to be under inefficient management." 'tHE CostING iMjtnnv.-'I his case, which excited a good deal of acrimony some time ago to Parliament, has now been withdrawn. The assertion made against the Railway De- puting t appears to have been groundless, and in connection therewith the Manager of Railways rightly insisted upon the withdrawal of the charge of breaking an agent ment which had been given so much prominence. Upon Mr. Back receiving the following letter this morning the differences were satisfactorily adjusted. Had this matter been referred to the Minister of Lands in the first instance, a good deal of time and trouble would have been saved : .. Hobart, October ft, 1805. Fred. Buck, Esq" General Manager Railways. Dear Sir-This item. the Minister of Lands informs me that you object to meet me this morning, unless I withdraw a charge of breach of agreement said to have been made against you. I may state that I have never charged you with breaking any oki cement entered into with me. I have only charged you with what I consider injustice. Yours respectfully, W. P. Gosling." Brown s River Jetty The Inspector of Roads, Southern Division (Mr. Helmer) has returned from a visit to Brown's River where he has conferred with the residents on the matter of the site for the new jetty. He finds that some local feeling exists on the subject, and will consult with the captains of the steamers, who will use the jetty, before the department makes the selection. With the spot once decided upon 1,0 time will be lost in constructing the work and (giving this pleasant resort adequate jetty accommodation, has Mcskum. - Mr. Parsons, second officer of the ss. Rimutaka, has kindly offered to assist Mr. A. Morton in procuring natural history specimens, especially of fish from England, for the Royal Society and Museum. His action a similar to that of his predecessor, Mr. MR. ward who greatly assisted the Curator to adding; to the specimens in the Museum. DisTiNduiSHBn Visitors. - Among the Rimutaka s passengers were Hon. Edward Cavendish and Captain Fraser, 1st Life Guards, who are making a tour in southern latitudes. Mr. and Mrs. A. E. G. Rhodes, and Messrs. Toschmiker and L. barley, of New Zealand, were also through passengers. Arrival of General Booth General Booth arrived from Capetown by the ss. Rimutaka last evening, accompanied by Commissioner Pollard, Colonel La h ley, Major Malan (an Italian), and Staff-captain Heather. He was met on the steamer by Commissioner Coombs, Colonels Kilbey and Bailey, Brigadier Peart, and Major and Mrs. Gover. There were no army demonstrations of welcome beyond shouts of " Glory " and " Hallelujah " from the General's soldiers, and hearty cheers from the crowd assembled on the pier. The official reception will take place on the 26th last., when General Booth is expected to return from New Zealand, whence he will come to hold services in Hobart and Launceston, from which city he will proceed to Queensland, visiting all the other colonies. He was driven to the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dobson, whose guest he will be during the Rimutaka s stay in port, Although he arrived in good health he did not appear to have enjoyed the voyage ; but he spoke highly of the ship. In" South Africa, which he described an his " first love," he was most successful, the Hon. Cecil Rhodes offering him vast tracts of land in Matabeleland and Mashonaland, while an eminent Co peLn wer offered him 20,000 acres in Swaziland 80 miles iom|LorenzD Marques, Delagoa buy. Land had also been offered him in South America, but he had not decided on its acceptance, for ho profess.. J a weakness, he said, for the land covered by the British flag. His "Darkest England " scheme had now developed into a "Darkest World " scheme. He was strengthened and encouraged by the progress of the Army's operations at Home and abroad, but he could not rest satisfied, for he felt that there ought to be one vast fighting army against sin and its author, His visit to Australasia was for the purpose of seeing for himself the operations of the Army, and giving help and counsel where needed and also to confer with the admits Mrative authorities on those social problems which were so perplexing and difficult of solution. He had spent 17 days in South Africa travelled 3,000 miles, and only had five nights in bed, holding on an average two meetings a day. While on the voyage from Capetown to Hobart he had written more than a year and a-half of "copy " for the general press, in addition to matter for the War Cry. Tub Development of Tasmanian Rk sociices.-Quite apart from the good use to which Mr. R. G. Ramsay has put the in formation gathered by him regarding Tasmania's natural beauties by the establishment of the Ramblers' Association of Australasia, he has also utilised to come purpose his store of information regarding many of our undeveloped mineral resources by successfully floating the Ramsay Kuter prise Promotion Syndicate in Melbourne, with a view of introducing English capital not only to work some of our the mines, but also to establish certain industries on a large scale. Mr. Ramsay is now taking the preliminary steps to secure certain proportion for this purpose. Every encourage- ment and concession possible to further his work should be accorded him. Cabuiaok of Cream on the Railways. Mr. Gosling, the manager of the Tasmanian Dairy Co., had an interview yesterday with the Minister of Lands and Mr. F. Back (General Manager of Railways), with regard to the tariff for the carriage of cream on the Tasmanian Government Railways. Explanations were entered into with natis factory results, alike to the department, Mr. Gosling, and the producers. It has been decided that the Victorian tariff for the carriage of cream on railways shall be adopted on the Tasmanian hues. In consequence of this arrangement, Mr. Gilmore's Parliamentary Committee on the matter has been allowed to lapse. Sale of Soothsayer. J. W. Abbott sold yesterday, at his mart, Collin-street, the booths for the Elwick Spring Meet, which takes place to-morrow. Lot 1, bar under grandstand and bar saddling paddock, £10, and bar under open stand, £2 15s., both to Mr. H. Hart, Fmebtainmknt at Sofia Ahmar entertainment in aid of the funds of the North Bruny and South Arm cricket clubs will be given at the Culveitou-hall, South Arm to-night, followed by a dance. The Lottah leaves town at (9 30 p.m. The Tasmanian Fever Thee For a pounds reach ed in war. and for fevers, etc., the until es of Tasmania need Eucalyptus as a general remedy. A Marvellous Cure for Influenza, Cousin,, Colds, and all Chest and Lung Allee lions is Extract of Eucalyptus Globulus, made from the leaves of the Tamanian Mac Gum,' Rich in " Eucalrptol." and of the highest medicinal value, doctors prescribe it for Diphtheria, Bronchitis, Asthma, etc., also for Typhoid and other Fevers. It gives speedy relief in Diarrhoea or Coila, also in Kidney or Bladder Complaints. Bpruyod or inhaled it cures Som Throat, Nasal Catarrh, Hoarseness, or Hay Fever. Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company. Hobart and London. H. T. Gould & Co., Special Hobart Ameute, (a) Cwr PriMcx Court-Before Mr B Shaw, S.M., and Mr. T. M. Fisher, S.V., yesterday, an order for the payment of dar. per work in support of his children was made against William Jenkins. Thomas Connors, charged with being mu, was let off with a caution Francis Osborne pleaded guilty to harbouring immoral characters, (superintendent Pedder stated that a police officer visited deft plant's house, 4, Park street, on September 21, and there found J a girl of the character mentioned in the in formation Defendant conducted beerhouse in an orderly manner, and no complaint about his conduct had been received. Mr. F). H Crisp, who appeared for Mrs. Osborne, stated that the law was i make a rather in- letter that no spirits. His client had r neatly been burnt out, and he thought its misfortune should be take it into consideration by the Bench when inflicting any penalty. Mr. Shaw said it was it lately that a conviction of this character r in old be obtained, but when it was it was the duty of the Bench to show that the law could not lie 1 rok can with impunity. Defendant was fined £2 10s. and edit j, or in default one month. Christopher McRae, u Morell farmer, was charged with selling meat in the city without having the sun i suspected. Defendant pleaded guilty. but stated that he be Id s license granted at Stroll. He brought meat to town to order, an I could, if required, produce written testimony as to its quality. If any remained unsold it was not hawked about, but taken back to Sorell. He had no id. a. II at he was doing wrong. Superintendant Pedder and the offer in of the Slaughtering Act under which the ia f formation was laid, but Air. Shaw, whilst not wishing to reflect on the draughtsman, considered the Act rather an amusing, and in view of that thought the d term on of the Bench should I u held over till further light on the subject could be obtained. Mr. Rheuben, inspector of Mdlle, said the proceedings were instituted with a view of affording protection to the citizens against the vending of unwholesome meat. He had no opinions to give an tim meat sold by me (Intendant, Dun the Act required that all meat to the six in the city should be in speated The Bench reserved its decision. 1 probably I inn order vi us granted against Henry Davis. Leal, On Wednesday, 2nd Inst,, in Chambers, before the Chief Justice (Sir Lambert Dobson) upon my motion of Mr. Allport, Mr. Samuel Picken, His., who secured first place at the legal examination in July last, was admitted to practice as barrister, attorney, solicitor, and proctor of the Supreme Court St. David's LirutARY Society. At the annual meeting of this Society last evening Archdeacon Whitington presided. A committee was appointed to arrange for the conversation on the Slot inst, with which the session will close. The first act of Hamlet was then read by members, the following ladies and gentlemen reading the various characters: Miss Irvine (Toa Queen). Miss Shaw (Ophelia), Messrs. W. K. Taylor (The King), U. T. Solly (Hamlet), F. C. Hardinge (Horatio). Archdeacon Whitington (fell mous), S Willes (Laertes), R R. Jones (Marcellus), J E. Easton (Bernardo), J. W. Israel (Ghost) Tragedy was fail we 1 by a vaudeville, The Loan of at Loved, by J R Blanche, and the chair cers represented were read as follow -Gertrude (Miss Shaw) Ern stone Koscndaul (Mrs B. Hudspeth), Captain Amer Port (W. G. Taylor), Peter Spyk (h C Hardinge), Swyiel (B T. Solly and Delve (S Willes). ClIALMtHS 1 LITERARY ASSOCIATION -The weekly meeting of this Apel station was held last evening, when the ministers t magazine which was mc and in order of mci little recent literary comes about was read by the editress, Mrs B Carmichael II i principal articles were "Socialism, " The Span of Genius." " The universality of Stoithaud," " The New Woman ' " A Plea for the Study of Natural History,' and " Representative Government The subjects were bruny discussed by the following numbers Messrs. Neal, Simmonds, Soften, Putou, Standfield, and the president, all congratulating the editress on the very excellent production. Before closing the meeting, Rev C H. Talbot moved a hearty vote of thanks Miss Carmichael for the valuable assistance she had rendered the society in raising its mag side and expressing a hope that the position would be again occupied by her next session Mr Neal Eicomkd the motion, and it was termed li) reclamation 8t AMERY S F HILLARY ASSOCIATION - The session of this Association was brought to an end last evening with a concert and at el in, the hall being filled to its utmost capacity with members and friends, and a good programme was run with much satisfaction Mrs Eltham and Mr J. Tanner opened proceedings with a duet; Mr Fraser said "the voting, Mrs. Sprott tang " Mary of Argyle-.' and was ever red , Miss Scott song ' Old and young Mine, Miss M Burgh sang " Golden love, Messrs Mutton and Filbee played a banjo duet, Mr Mona Ivuiasang '111 await my love, Mr Wickens recited " Under the trees," by Gordon ; Mrs. Eltham and Miss Bligh and, the duet "In the dusk of the twilight Mr Walter Peet said 'Au revoir Supper, prepared by the lady merit and, was enjoyed during the interval The President, in bringing the session to a close, spoke of the successful year the Association had, and the good as a choirs had derived from the meetings, an ! thanked the audience for their attendance The meeting terminated with the singing of "Auld Lang ayin St John s AssOCiATION -The fortnightly meeting of this Society was held in the schoolroom, Goulburn street, on Wednesday evening there was a large attend once of members, Archdeacon Whitington lecturing on the " Among m Humourists' Ho refined first to the h f,h later in by ability of the late Oliver Wendell Holmes, and then spoke of the prevailing character of American humour, which is essential y a product of the country. The author next spoken of were those who had commenced their career by working for the newspaper pi cb, amongst whom were Artemus Wind Bret Harte, Mark Twain, Win Catlctou, and Max Adeler Numerous extracts from their writings were admirably read by the Archdeacon At the close of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was given to the lecturer on the motion of the Rev Canon Finnis, who presided CuwsriAV Lndiavooti Convention TI c toeing melting of the Convention took place yesterday morning from 7 to 8 o clock A large number of members gathered at the Memorial Congregational Church to observe the ordinance of the Lords Supper The Rev RA 1 hompfconpremaed, and there were assisting, him the Revs C H Talbot, J. J. Price v S 1 bullions, Walton and Currie the Borneo was a very imperfect one, and finn da fitting, conclusion to the Convention meetings in the afternoon the 8 s. Nubeena, chartered by the Christian En- deavour Union, conveyed some 200 visitors on a river trip A circular turn was made towards Sandy Bay, thence to Bellerive, and in as far as Old Beach The weather was charming and the beauties of the river scenery much appreciated Coming home short 1 Endeavour service was held, two-party anning at the white fat be in after spend lug a most enjoyable time Rev M Cumming About 200 persons sat down to the farewell tea tendered at the Hobart Tabernacle last evening to the Rev. M Cumming, who is leaving for England. A largely attended public meeting was subsequently held in the Tabernacle, when the Senior Deacon, Mr J T Soundy, presided. With him were also Rev. Dr Soon, C. H. - talbot, R A Thompson, Harris, and Walton Dr Scott bore testimony to the hold of the affections and confidence of his brethren in the ministry which Mr. Cumming had secured during his stay in Hobart. In common with his brethren he felt that a valued and useful citizen, and an able minister was leaving them. It was a matter for great regret that the necessity for Mr Cumming's departure had arisen. Rev. C. H i also t followed in a similar strain, and very general sympathy was expressed for the church in its line, and it was hoped that some one would soon be found to fill the pulpit as ably, and minister to the spiritual needs of the church as effectively as the departed og clergy man. Special reference was made to the useful work accomplished by Mrs. Cumming in connection with the Women's Guild and other organisations in connection with the Baptist Church in which she had taken practical and sympathetic interest. Mr. Cumming replied in suitable terms, in which he stated that no one felt the separation more keenly than himself. The benediction concluded the meeting. P. Tasmanian Agricultural and Pah total Snow. Exhibitors are reminded that entries for all classes of stock for the Annual Southern Show to be held on 11th rest., must be sent in to the Secretary by a p.m. of Saturday (to morrow), and inst. Entry forms and schedules are obtainable at the Secretary's i face. , Evkmbouy Says Sir-That Pool's Boot Palace is the producer boot shop of Hobart. The latest novelties by every mail boat, and the prices are the lowest in the city. Our motto, small profits and quick returns A Stimulating Cups small spoonful of Cadbury's Cocoa, with boiling water or milk will make instantly a stimulating and sustain his cup of the most delicious, digestible, and absolutely pure and nourishing; cocoa. of a",!.. 