''Jack' v:PRic£;'m:' Only a Deck Hand, But Ho Gave His Life For Others. I suppose not one in a thousand will care to read a deck hand's story. People cull us coarse and vulgar. Granted ; but our work makes us so. There are ladies, 1 fancy, who will shudder nt the thought, oi' sueh a | story, and gentlemen who will dip into it | carefully, expecting to find a string of oaths. Judge for yourselves whether this tale of Jack Price, my partner, is fit for refined ears. No need to tell you of a deck hand's life. A man that beats about in theeold and rain, j handling sleety ropes or balancing himself j on the gunwale of a coal barge with twenty , feet of swift wnter under him, is not apt to j be a pretty, kid-gloved, soft-voiced fellow, j If his face is red it is because midwinter j winds on the Ohio are not good for the com- j plexion. He deals with rough work and is , rough himself ; but his heart is ju.-t about ' as apt to be right as that of a member of j Parliament or a judge. ! We started from Pittsbuvg on the George j Hammond in July, Jack and I. Tnere was I ? a big river, and we made good time to Louis- ' ville, where we shipped on the Charley : Roberts, bound for Orleans. To say we . found it hot on tho Lower Mississippi gives ' no idea of the weather. Half the crew were ? unfit for duty. One morning there was a whispering among the boys. ; ' What's up, Jack ?' said I. ; ' Steve Robinson's down with swamp i fever.' j The boys gathered in a knot around the j capstan. Before long there was a panic j among them. The mate shook his head and ; looked thoughtful. j 'The man must be put ashore,' said the , captain. i ' No, sir I' eried Jack Price. j ' Who are you ?' . 'Plain Jack Price ; but Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of doing | it.' I ' Who's to nurse him J ' 'Mel' ] ' Do you know what swamp fever lil t** ] ' Do I know anything I' j ' Doubtful.' I 'I'll nurse Steve, I tell you I We've made five trips together, and if he's put ashore here in the swamp I go with him.' '? You it is,' said the captain, turning on bis heel. 'Not another man goes into Steve's state-room.' For ten days Steve's room was quaran tined. Nobody but Jack saw the inside of it. We saw him sometimes, carrying some thing to the sick man or sil ting on the guards to get a breath of air ; but every soul on the boat kept out of his way. We all liked Jack, but the fever might be in his clothes. He began to look pale, but he never grumbled. One day the news came out to us that , Steve was dead. A few hours after we j buried him on an island in the river in a ; pine box, and the only thing like a prayer I said over him was from Jack : j '? God help him I' i The fever did not spread, and we all | breathed freer. j A few evenings after Steve's death I was on watch at the head of the tow, and Jack was with me. We were puffing at tobies to keep off the mosquitoes. There was a haze over the water, but the stars were shining, and the broad river wits as quiet a3 a lake. '? Jack,' said I, ' I've got a raging head ache.' j 'No!' said he, as if he asked a ques- ! tion. lie took my hand and held it. ' Come ana lie down,' was bis answer, i A dizziness came over me, and, without I Jack's arm to steady me, I would never . have reached my bunk. I remember very j little after that. _ j I learned afterwards that. 1 was delirious, ' but bow long I can not tell you. I remeui. I ber Jack's face near me at times as in a j dream — tho kindliest face you ever saw, not handsome, may-be, but a face with some of God's goutiness in it. When I got back to reality again I found Jack bending over me. 1 was in the same state-room, aud I could feel from tue motion thatt.be boat was under way. ' How long have I been here, Jack f ' j ' Unite awhile, my boy.' j ' And where are we?' ; ?'Not far from Memphis.' j ' Going up or down !' i 'Going home. Don't talk if it tires! you.' ! ' What was the matter- with me, I Jack ?' ; ' A touch of fever : but you're better | now.' I 'Can't I look out, Jack? It will do me j good to see tue sun.' i Ho raised me up as gently as a woman I would have done, and I looted out throiign j the glass door of the stute-room eagerly as a i child. Had the sun ever shone so' brightly i before? The low wooded shores looked like \ paradise. No mountain stream ever seemed i so beautiful to me as the great muddy | river, 'Jack,' said I, when he had laid me down again, ' what can I ever do to pay ! you 7' ' l'av me for what?' ' Look at me ; I'm thin as a ghost, I must have been Bick a lung time. You've pulled j me through, Jack,' j I've, done nothing of the kind,' sau1 lie, ; laughing. I 1 noticed for the first time how very tliin and pinched his face wis. It seemed as if ! he had grown old. j ? Look at me, Jack ; you've been the host j friend 1 ever bad.' I He made no answer, but took my hand i and pressed it. I It seemed as if a mist came between us, j and .1 bow big tears standing in Jaek'e kindly j eyes. ? I thought I'd got past this,' uaid he, j coughing. I Next day he came in smiling, with a j letter and some oranges. j 'I went ashore at Memphis,1 'he explained, 'and found n letter from sister Annie, ; They're looking for me home,' ' We 11 boo u be in Pennsylvania again, Jack.' He looked me full in the face and smiled. His eyes seemed very large and his cheeks were bloodless. It saddened mo to look at him* ' I muBt go now,' said he. ' I hope you will enjoy the oranges.' 1 was mending fast, and expected to be out very soon. Jack did not come again that day, ? Next morning the cook brought me a cup of tea. . ' Where is Jack?' I asked. ' Busy.' I thought of him ill day, but ho did not tome. ' Cook,' said I, atlast. 'I want you to tcllme the truth about Jack.' ' Don't you frot,' he answered. ' But I muBt know.' ' Well, he's not able ta be abont.' 'Where is he?' ' In No. 8. But you can't go near him ; he's got the fever I Delirious ? Wouldn't know his own mother !' ' ' Who's' nursin' liim?' ' I am — wbarn'ale he pets. AYo can'f make a hospital out of the Charley .Boberts.' Cook, tried to stop rue. but I staggered across the cabin into No. 8. I could hardly recognize Jack as lrelayon the bunk; his face wis so flushed and his j eves so bloodshot. He bad dropped, down j ton wra't. ro take bis clothes off. I took his hrniil itiul stonil hen'ilo'liim, 1 ''Jock, my hoy, whiit's wrong ?' V 'fNothing; Sam.' ' - * Jack never said much, He was better at doing than aayingi tiig po.pr fella* iudtfjjJf.. J iiad ,'nevci^ (ffurseB^d {sick person g in) m.v . liftv..Tlid jeapiiiiii cnuTa in Vhile lI' set' there. ' Wo must have a doctor, captain,' said I,.. - ? ...... ' Might as well want a gold r.ilue,' he re plied.1 ' But look at Jacki 'esptain. - What can . we do?' ' 1 don't know.' ' Sam,' said Jack, looking at mo with a strange expression, 'yoit know my sister. Annie?' ' !?;. ' Cuitainly, JucV.' 'I want you tolell.iuenboiit me.' ' Yuii will semi see her. Jack.' oitiii , i in i '? We'ie both going home.'' j ' Yes, going borne. I'm tired 1 Tired!' ! ' Then rest. Jaek. I shall be here.' i ' Take my hand, fi.xtu.' ! '1 have your hiimi, niv boy. 'fry to j sleep.' i 'Yes.' he went on. pointing, 'there's ] Annie at the door. She looks more and more like mother as she gioes older. I 8ne's glad to see me from the way one ' smiles.' I ' Indeed she is, Jack.' : ' That's Sam's voice; he got over the fever , well. T believe I had it. ton. Hear old Point b.ii kirigat the gate ; he's most as glad I as Annie to see me back. Ah, Sam, it's good co he buck in Pennsylvaa'a— God's country I Annio I Aniiie ! ' He fell back in a stupor, with his eyes , sei . t Lot a spasm pass through his frame, 1 after v. hioh his hand lay in mine like a life less thing. I looked up questioniriglyalthe captain. ; ?' God help him 1 He is dead,'1 ; ' Oh, suiely not!' i ' Dead I' he repeated. i Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jaek was dead. I ' Me died working for others,' said the captain, and in lieu of better words these m list stand for bis epitaph. I can only loll Jack's etory in a plain way. 1 can not fill your eyes with tears as mine are filled, as there is no art behind my words. You read of good men— nnscifish ; and heroic men that poets sing of and his torians immortalise— hut here there was one ; that nobody ever heard of. Who was there to read a funeral service over him in a lonely place on the river bank next day ? , | Who prayed over the rough pino box ? Not j 1 a prayer, not a hymn at the funeral ; only ; I some teats that canm of genuine grief. We ! left him thereon the river bank with apiece of driftwood to mark hiR grave, which the next flood would sweep away. I found a little dower growing there — a violet, I think, which I brought away for Annie. Jack was as lioinoiy a man as ever you sawr a big, raw honed fellow, with a twinkle of the eye that made one laugh. Had you! been hunting fur a man of polish and edu- | cation you won d not have picked him out, j \- His head had not been cultivated at the ! | expense of iiis heart. He used strong lau. ! : gua.-e sometimes when a rope got tangled or the pumps worked hard or the coffee didn't sr.ir him. I ntn nnh trvhu* tr» nii'turf* him 1 as perfect; I want you to know liim as he I was. His voice in a siuk-rnom was as gentio ! as a child's ; lie had a big. tender heart, ! kindlier than must women have, and a hand ; that served a friend until ready to drop ' from weariness. I remember him ns he ; bent, over me while I lay helpless with fever, a kindly iight beaming in bis face that. beau- tified it. I learned then how unselfish he wan, and my heart went out to him, ns you. a would have gone had you known him. This kus Jack at his b.st. 