Burning a Witch. THE IRISH HORROR. The shocking case which has just con cluded and was reported in a recent cable recalls some of the worst features of the Middle Ages in connection with witch craft. In March last the unfortunate woman was murdered under circumstances thus detailed by an eye witness, William Simpson, a caretaker. He stated that on the nig-ht in question he went to the house ot ratncK rsoland, ana on tne way met Mrs. Bourke and her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and on reach ing it heard shouts, app irently in men's voices, of ' Take it, you old ? , or Fll kill you.' He could not see in through the window, but the door was opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. They were obliged to open the door, as he thought, to put out the fairies. He and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of 'Away she go; away she go.' He then saw a number of men holding Mrs. Oleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy. James Kennedy, and William Kennedy. Mrs. deary's hus band was standing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs. Cleary, ' Are you Bridget Boland, wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ?' She said, in reply, ' Yes, I am.' This question was repeated several times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herb3 into his wife's mouth, and she resisted. 'Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, ' Are you the daughter of Pat Boland ? Answer, in tbe name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned as to what these people were all in the house together for, witness said he believed ' thev were driving out the 'witch,' and the door was open for the purpose. When she would not answer the question some ' one, he believed John Dunn, said, ' Make I down a good fire, and we'll make her answer.' There was afire burning at this time in the Uitchen. She was then carried in front ot the fire by John Dul n, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy, and her hus band, and was again asked the same ques tions. Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding: the saucepan all the time. The body was bent -and torced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made bo sign of dis approval. In reply to her father, who asked her, ' Are you the daughter of Patrick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? Answer me in the name of Gp-i.' She said, ' I am, dada.' They were then satisfied they had their own — that they had Mrs. Cleary, aud not a witch. They believed before they had a witch. They shook her when she was in the bed, saying, 'Away with you. Come home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God.' The same men took her off the fire when she had answered satis factorily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, and she recog nised all in the room. Some of those in the Toom then tried to console her. At 6 o'clock in the morning Cleary went for the priest. They thought that there were some evil spirits in the house, and they wanted to have mass said to banish them. The witness went on to say that he met Cleary on the Sunday following, and (bleary said to him that the parties who convinced him about1 his wife would not go with him to Kylenagranagh If orl, which was sup posed to be a 'fairy inhabifcance.' He asked witness for a revolver to make them go, but witness would not give it. Cleary also told him that his wife would be at the fort on a grey horse, and he was bringing a knire to cut the cords that tied her to the saddle. The funeral of Bridget Cleary atCloveen was boycotted by all her relations and neighbors. Not one civilian attended the burial, and the rites of sepulture were per formed by four police- constables. There ?%as no hearse, and the coffin was borne by . a common car from Fethard. The signi ficance of this will be understood when it is remembered that the Irish peasantry regard a funeral not only as an expression of respect for the deceased and of sympathy with the family, but as invested with a certain degree of sanctity. The persons arrested tor the crime were Michael Cleary, Patrick Boland, Pat Kennedy;,. James Kennedy, Michael Ken I nedy, William Kennedy, John Sunn, [ William Dunn, Denis Ganey, and Mary Kennedy; who were all charged with the ?wilful murder of Bridget Cleary, wife of the first-named prisoner and daughter of the second. The revenue returns for the past week show an increase of £42,314 upon the re ceipts for the corresponding period of last year. Monday's Customs receipts amounted to JE8199. The South Australian revenue for the financial year just closed was .£1,125,940* the amount for the previous year being .£681,245. The total export of gold, from South Australia for the year' ended Jane 30 was 289,593oz, valued at, £910,426. On Monday Dr. Gallagher, the new Coadjutor- Bishop of Gonlburn, received nearly £400 in presentations, besides various gitte. - .The testimonial to Mr. William Inglis, i sen.* J.P., will be presented to-morrow i evening, at the City. Sale Yards, Redeem ! Railway Station, at a, dinner. An iilnmi j Bated address has been prepared by Messrs. j John Sands and Company, and is a beauti . fnl -work of art. ? Mr. & Henderson, of Alexandria, has ? been informed by the Principal Under secretary that the claim f or a eubsidy of ? £2O being equal to tin: amount raised by bodies locally sot- the. Aiexaudria Belief , Society has Ivan allowtid, and that the amount will be paid to the society at once. A Urge friwle enLer#& the Fort Philip Heads en Sunday, and proceeded np the bay by th» ?onth obanwelf ' 