The Court Jester begs for the attention of the Captain for a moment. "You are such a fellow for making discoveries," he says; "I will get you to answer a few of the things about dogs that have always puzzled me. Now, how is it, Captain, that a dog's tail is such a great novelty?.'.' But the Captain denies that it is so. "Why, I've seen minions myself!" he says.' "How many?" says Washington, sharp ly. ?? "Well, quantities," answers the disco verer. "How can such a thing be a novelty?" "No one in the world ever s^w it be fore,"- says the Jester. "Deny it who can." \\-. Captain Cook' frowns heavily. "Do you think my time is of no use?" he says. "If you have nothing wiser than that sort of thing to say, I must beg to be ex cused." "Oh, but I have," says the Jester. "Now, look here. Here's a thing I. never could understand. I've got a watchdog of my own-a fierce old fellow. Now, how do you account for it that he's I bigger by night than by day?" "Tho thing's impossible!" says Copie; "quite impossible, my dear sir. All the science of the ages would contradict such an absurd assertion. It is your fancy, I assure you. The animal does not alter its size at all." "Why," says the Jester; "ha! ha! that's funny! I've just found it out for my self. The explanation has, this minute dawned upon me, and remarkably simple it is, too. Of course, the animal is let out at night, and taken in in the morn ing." , Captain Cook's manner grows so frigid the Jester begs him not to go for an Arc tic exploration till he has solved just one more point. "That same old dog has a very curly tail, and everyone who sees it asks me why it resembles the ghost of Hamlet's father and Princess Spinaway? For my life I never could answer them." But the explorer is silent, and it is the Little Laureate who suggests timidly it might be because he could a 'tail' un fold." The Jester says something about a shoemaker sticking to his last; he wanted to have given the answer himself. " "Of course," he says, "there are occa sions when, after all is said and done, a dog's tail is not a tail at all." All the court looks puzzled. Prince Hal, who prides himself on knowing near ly everything about dogs, demands when such a thing could possibly be. "Oh, when it's a waggin'," the Jester answers, and falls to carelessly humming the ancient tune of "Wait for the Wag gon." But King- Iligli-and-Mighty rises in wrath, and draws his sword well out of the scabbard. "We will dispense with your services for this week," he says. 