Jamberoo. People Itore have been astonished to ob ro.0 owithin the lnst fea' di.ys the pheno monon of a now suRlveyig party sent ither, it is undurae'ld, for the purpote of o!??l~i oriug o.n. i' ra Itlhie propoad .!o? il tlhe Soauth Coast road at the ln itifis known an Glay's hill and Turpentino hill, .1) thi' O utter the Jamb.roo ACdntil has hIen offlcially in formed of the minoult- not a hIrga moont _whieh'thoe Oay's hill job, ot an~> rolo. was 'estimated to cost, Burely, if ver there was a road abundantly ?;veyed. it is'this same South Coeast romd; and Ihe manner in which'the work is repealted time allter time may well remind people-- asn it does-of Mr. Reid's int.nfion to dock tho expones of the "dopartmnoents " by sH'?ut quarter of a million, Iu the mnlonwhile, however, we may recollect that the wIys of "departnontst" are not as the ways of ordinary mortals, and roar wish the surveymg party a pleasant pi-niokig time in Mr. Wood's forest, wherts they hvepitched their tents, I hear potsnne remark, tounhobing the deviatiot work atfor-. said, "It will go throulgh this time." I hope it will, 8o much for the road ?urveying phonomenon. There is, of ours, nothing patticularly Jamboerovlan, eboutthe phenomena of the uS tarrv heavens: ut the appearance presented in the oven. sig e'yby two of the planets of .our yetm during the fleoo' weather which has enoraly prevailed for many weeks past .ight .very well attraot the attention of laokfellows unimbued with any know. edge of road-making. Tho appearance, Sii were, of a race down the westtern sky etwaen the planets which astrootnomers ove named Jupiter and Venue is a moet engagma phenomenon, which amongst en imaginiltive' race of uninstructed poolle, sich as our blaokfollowe are not, might o11give rise to fables of the Phaotonian order. The motione of the' two' star ate more oalculated to' arrest attention because they arevvisible and brilliant for some timei before any of the other stars can be disioerned', But besides the beautiful and interesting appet!ance they present, one ,annot help refleeting.on the differonceo between this and what ie, known of them astroiomioally, .That whioh appears the larger a.d brighter of the two is the planet Venus, a body about the samb size asthl ewrth, but revolving round tho sun in a niarrower circle and ina abohdrter time, tipitor, which appears the smaller of the 'two, is in frot, it is asaertained, about five hundred-times lirger thau the earth or Veonus, but iS n some hundr: I, of millions of miles more d~iatnt; and as .h, requirea feaouror five of our ytears to complete his orbit, it can duly be once in about that lengthof 'timeo, I.suppose,.that he can exhibit hiseaipares t race with.Venus down toe Western'dolitityof our sky,. And so -uch for brudder Jupiter and cousin Venue, Some time ago, I think, there Bppeiaed ilithe" Independent" some ex preasione of euriosity as to what could be the.mo euing of.the faint light, which, whdii'the moon??, young end. has only a sdiall portion of her surface lighted directly from the sin, renders the remainder of her cirole slightly vidible. This is no mysteory. The liaht .which' ;.produed thi eafoat 'is what t~oibhabitants of the .moon, it such there weroe; might call earth-light,' It travels first from the sun to the earth, than fromthe earth to the spoon, and, lastly backfrom. the moon to. our eyes, Like many another iniinocent phenomenon, how everi it becamo in earlier times, and still is to many peoopole the ground of a super· titious belief, Cloarly, its actual appear. Oance:is the sesultof a cloudless and serene itmosphere;.. But, as" supergtition goes b'fors solence, the apopearaei of' ' the old moonin the new moon's arms" was re garded as a kind of ghost, and asportending disaster. Ooloridge makes use of this superstitiot in one of his poems: "For lo, the new mo6n, winter-bright, And overepr~ad ivith:phantom-light, a Ce * . 5 i see the old moon in herarms foretoellin The toming-on of rain andsqually.blant, &0, So.likewise Shelley' in some fine lined in the '" Triumph of Lifo:'" ".'! Lika the younsf moon, When in the iao;li ahie of tho night Ber white o.asholltltbles aid crimson air . And, while the sleeibiig Lotmpest gathora might, Deoth as her.ld of rae 'comuco, bcar T'ho host of hoer doud iosehor, wnose dim form Bonds in dark ether from her infant's chair," &o;, I may remark that I am not in the least qualilltied to have any' opinion of my own on astrdno'mioal matters, All that is said above may be found in every elementary treatise on sattonomy, . . • -' '. ' .. . . O, D ,. Y , : The above was crowded out of bast ileue bocaune of its late arrival, . 