SATURDAY, MAY IS, ms. A. NEW railway goods classification is promised very shortly. The Commis sioners have been engaged upon it for some time past, and had completed their task at the beginning of the present week. They decline, however, to dis close the details of the alterations pro posed, and the public must wait until the new rates are published. It is understood that the amended classifica tion was before the Cabinet at its last meeting, and the fact that it has not yet seen the light suggests the possibility that it has been sent back to the Com missioners for further consideration. When it has at last received the finishing touches at the bandB of the Commissioners and the Cabinet, and is made public, we hope it will prove to be a mora eommon sense production than the notorious classification of '91, which fairly bristled with anomalies, some of which continue to this day. But, having regard to the fact that the Commissioners were then quiteunacquainted with the requirements of the producing industries of the coun try, and that the Cabinet revision o£ their classification was of the most per functory kind, the wonder is, not that the scale of rates contained BO many utterly absurd anomalies, but that it did not contain a great many more. It is to lie feared that the course that has been pursued on the present occasion will result in the continuance of some of the existing absurdities, and the creation of others. A railway tariti' framed in the interest of the Railway Department will not give satisfaction, and wc main tain that of recent years the interest of the Railway Department has been made paramount to the interests of the coun try. For this the Commissioners and the Government are to blame, though upon the shoulders of Ministers the chief responsibility must undoubtedly be placed. And unless the interests of the producing and manufactu'r ng industries are to bo again subordinated to those of the department it will be necessary tliat tlie views of those representing tlm in dustries, as well as the views of railway officials, should be heard, weighed, and considered. Has this been done? We do not think it has-at any rate, not in the case of the agricultural industry. The new classification, it is whispered, will provide for an all-round reduction of the rates for first and second class freight, the rates for goods of the third class being allowed to continue as at present. Whatever its contents, the new rate sheet will be awaited with a con siderable amount of interest by producers generally, and especially by the farmers of the southern districts. THE flullelin does not approve of the Parkes-Diuhs coalition. " The verv latest move in New South Wales poli tics," says our trenchant contemporary, " is the coalition between the Protection ist Opposition and that scrag-end of the nondescript faction which is led by Parkes. For the time, at least, G. lie publican Dibbs stands out from his posi tion of chief (one can't be Premier and Agpnt-Ger.eral at the same time), and the unholy alliance is to make a rush for the loaves and fishes, under Parkes' leader ship. If the attack succeeds, then Parkes, the Daddy Christmas of N.S. W. politics, the boss Freetrader and Kiama ghost fanatic, will be Premier of a Pro tectionist Ministry, with the old Protec tionist party as his principal support. The semi-Protective Dibbs tariff will re main-in that respect the Protectionists appear to get the best of the deal; and the new Parkes Ministry will come to the front with a great whoop for Federa tion ; and Parkes will state that he doesn't adopt the Protectionist tariff because he has changed his views, for he is the same consistent Parkes as aforetime, nor be cause he wants office, because be returns to power with extreme reluctance; but simply besause Australian unity is of such vast importance that everything else is trivial by comparison. In which case, Parkes will speak the truth by accident. The whole proceeding is a miserable case of folly, greed, bad gene ralship, blundering, and insensate muddle. If Parkes wins, he gets office. If be doesn't win, he loses nothing. He has been so many things in his time that he may become Protectionist, Mahommcdan, Theosophist, Spiritualist, Roman Catho lic, vegetarian, or dog-worshipper in his old age without becoming any more gro tesque than he already is. But if Parkes wins, the Protectionists gain the eternal disgrace of'having thrown over their leader and allied themselves with their worst enemy, chiefly for the sake of a few portfolios and a little official salary, and if Parkes doesn't win, they gaiu the same disgrace without any corresponding advantage. They don't, it is true, wholly surrender their principles for the sake of office, for the Dibbs tariff is to be maintained as far as it goes, but they agree to forego any attempt at genuine Protection, for the time at all events, and that ignoble compromise is at least a partial surrender of principle. But, even if there was no compromise at all, and no surrender of principle whatever, the Protectionist party can't afTord to associate itself with Parkes. No party, in fact, can afford to associate itself with Parkes. And if Premier fieid is defeated and obtains a dissolution, and forces the Protectionist party to go to the country under the virtual guidance of Parkes, its situation will be rediculous and wholly pitiable." 