FUN AND FANCY. There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. A man with a speaking face ought to make a good teacher in a deaf and dumb asylum. The second baby may weigh 31b more than the first without causing half as much excitement. 'Twenty policemen shan’t take me,’ he was shouting. They didn’t. It only re quired one. Poor old Mr Malnprop once said— 1 1 believe in women’s suffrage. Let 'em suffer. We men have to.’ The Poet —‘ Spring has come, and there is softness in the air.’ The Practical Man— -1 Also in the mud.’ You never quite comprehend how mean other people are until you begin to compare them with yourself. Bacon—‘Troubles never oomo singly.’ Egbert— 1 Oh, I don’t know; I’ve seen a fellow with only one black eye.’ ‘Mamma,’ said little Mabel, ‘if people eat up all the toadstools, what will the toads do when they want to sit down ?' She—' Tell me, when you were in the army were you cool in the hour of danger ?’ He—‘ Cool ? I actually shivered 1’ Clerk—‘ I’d like to get off for a week, sir.’ Employer—‘Business or pleasure?' Clerk—‘ Business, sir. ‘l’m to be married.’ ‘That’s enough to try anybody’s patients,’ as the doctor exclaimed when be found his bottles all mixed and without labels. ‘ Some men can take new furniture and make it look as if it was triads a centnry ago,’ says a journalist. So can some child ren. ‘How did yon. fall?' enquired the kind stranger of the prim little boy who tumbled off the fence. ‘ Downwards,’ said the prim little boy, ‘ Will yon love me when I’m gone ’asked Mr Linger Longer of his sweetheart. ‘lf you’ll go soon,' replied the faithfnl girl, with a yawn. Mrs Hashmore—* lam sorry to say the tea is all exhausted.’ Crnsty Boarder—‘l n m not surprised. It has been awfully weak f o r some time.’ ‘I see that Goahead has made a big step forward in the widow’s affections.’ ‘Ves, and I fancy that one more will make him a stepfather.’ Servant (to Indy who arrived a little late at the sewing circle) —‘ Excuse me, madam, but I'd advise you to wait a few minutes. Jnst now they are talking about you !’ Nervous Old Lady—‘Now, you’ll bo care ful going down, won’t yon, young man ?’ Lift boy— ‘ Oh, you needn’t be afraid, ma'am. I ain’t killed anybody yet this week.’ Against tho'Bylaws,—Mrs Hubbs—‘ Why did the temperance society pnt Miss Winko out of office?’ Mrs Dubbs—‘Ob, somebody heard a man say she had an intoxicating smile,’ 