A SOUTH MELBOURNE "SPOOK. ' J THE STORY OF THE BANK-STREET (iHOST. (Fkom the "Ace." j Away from the noise of traffic, where shop fronts are few and private residences numerous, theroii a part, of Bank-street., Pouth Melbourne, whioli has quite a dull air of respectable stag nation in the daytime, and at night is very dark and quiet indeed. Trees of an English \cui.-ty luivo been pla- jled t.> iome extent uluiiii its footways, which are leafy and' pleasant to look upon when the sun shines ; but sometimes just alittle weirdnnd mysterious when the wind penetrates complainingly through them under the rays of the moon. Then the shadows grow very deep in the recesses of the brick work, and where there are no lights there is imparted a dead forgotten air, which the distant roar of passing trains or the lively strainB of a concertina played on the next block do not altogether dispel. As a rule the thoroughfare in chis part is little frequented after sundown, and silence, adds to its general adaptability for sensational development. In one of a row of four neat single fronted villas standing back from the footpath modestly in the shelter of two large shops, and fronted by small garden patches, there lived up to near the end of last year a young woman who for a long while had been bedridden. She came to town from the northern districts about five years previously, as an invalid, in order to be ill touch with the best medical advice. Her infirmity in someway affected her powers of locomotion, and she had to be wheeled about in a Bath chair. After a time 8he got worse, until she was unable to go out at all. Then she was seen occasionally, looking very ill, sitting upon a seat over a gas box under her verandah; but 12 months ago she became unable to leave her room. Her only companion was a young woman domestic. It was but seldom anyone v. ent to see her : vet there was much local interest and sympathy with the mysterious sufferer. She died early in December, after which the furniture was promptly removed from the house, and it remained fcr some weeks empty. On New Year's eve two ladies living in the neighborhood of the still unoccupied tenement were conversing on the footpath some distance away at the eerie hour of 11 p.m. when they were almost Btruck dumb, according to their own account, by observing the hazy yet luminous outline of a woman appear in a standing position near the seat und-r the cottage verandah where the deceased used to take the air. The view they had of the spectre was profile. Its head was slightly inclined forward, as though it were leaning towards the centre of the garden plot. The bust and body down to the waist were clearly defined, but from thence to the ground the outline became gradually indistinct to a vanishing point. Both the spectators were too much scared to say much. They stared hard two or three times at the apparition to make 110 mistake as to what they saw, and then went home hurriedly without seeing the New Year in as they intended. Next day, however, they took several acquaintances into their con fidence on the subject under the strict promises of secivcy. The consequence was, on New Year's night, people living next door to the empty house on each side, and the occu pants of other dwelling in the neighborhood, oberved several small groups of men and women in the dark standing at a short distance away lalking in low tones and gazing nervously with sidelong glances at their villa frontages. These loiterers stayed out very late indeed, and qot a fright, which was an ample reward for their vigil. Sure enough, the ghost re appeared, sadly gazing again at the same spot from its former position. On the authority of these spectators the. story got about that the dead woman who used to live there had buried her money opposite the front of her house, and came back to look at the " plant'' because she was sorry about it. During the daytime it was noticed that a depression existed in the centre of the flower bed over whicli the ghost was in the habit of reflecting This, it was thought, gave color to assumption. Night after night, increasing crowds gathered in Bank- street west to seethe apparition. It seldom disappointed the on lookers. Fresh discoveries were made. When the spook was not visible on the verandah, people said they saw the same while figure flitting about in the vacant bedroom where the deceased, it was understood, had "given up the ghost." A lady living next door says, one night, since the New Year, after going to bed, Bhe distinctly heard knocks on the wall coming from the empty house, just a? the deceased used sometimes to k ock when the informant's baby used to cry sometimes too violently in the other wise silent watches. Going out to the rear of the premises to get a pail of water "by Cynthia's beam" on a cei tain occasion, the same lady says she heard a strange footstep in the yard attached to the deserted tenement, whichseemed to walk as she walked and to stop when she stopped. The New Year is only 10 nights old, but the fame of the Bank-street ghost has spread in a quiet way all over towu. People from long distances, such as Prahran ai.d Brighton, have made up parties to go to view iv. Every evening the crowds of visitors have been more numerous. Attendances numbering from 250 to 300 people have lately thronged tne roadway, after dark, to wait for ihe apparition. On Thursday night three policemen were on duty to keep order and put the " move on " clause in operation. The ghost took a night off then, and it is supposed through disappointment a few impatient youths threw stones ou to the premises. Some residents who became annoyed at the actions of the crowd then got on to the roof of the reoutedlv haunted huildincr. und played a garden hose upon the gathering, tlui3 evoking mixed cries of denunciation, and add ing considerably to the turmoil. One arrest was made, and the culprit, a disorderly youth, was fined 10s and costs yesterday morning, at the South Melbourne police court, But Thursday night's experience was perhaps the result of altered circumstances. A family fr >m the country, the head of which on being warned that the place was said to he haunted, informed the landlord he had no fear of ghosts, had moved into the premises, and, perhaps, to some extent destroyed the phantasy. The amount of inconvenience which the new comers had to put up with, however, was almost in tolerable, and if such demonstrations continue, the place will not be long occupied. These tenants assert that neither during the night nor the day have they seen or heard any super natural manifestations, and they have a sincere desire for privacy. Of course, there is always a commonplace theory to account for spooks. A policeman who has had the misfor tune to live next doorto the uncanny apparition ha? settled its origin to his entire satisfaction, although he admits, after having seen this spirit, it is in appearance a lady ghost of the most approved pattern. As all people in South Melbourne know, at the local drapery establishment in Park- street an electric light is exhibited on a high flagstaff nearly every evening, and the constable avers that a ray from this illuminant shining from a considerable distance under a shop verandah obliquely upon the front of the so called haunted house created the illusion of the melancholy woman looking for hsr money. The foliage of a contiguous tree and some orna mentation about the capital of a verandah post, he says, impart the human form to the electric reflection, and that is the whole matter. How ever, the electric light has been in evidence for over a year almost nightly, and all the other '•properties" which are said to produce the phenomenon have been in their present posi tions for an equally long time. The wonder is therefore the spirit was never seen before, even in the lifetime of the deceased tenant. A neigh bor, who lives at the rear of the tenement which the ghost is said to visit, says she has been al\ over the house after dark to see whether things were safe, and suggests that the white figure seen in the bedroom, the knock ing heard on the wall and the walking about iH the back yard may have been attributable to her movements. Another person accounts for the depression in the front garden by explaining that, she removed a tree fern from it, and did not fill up the hole. However, the popular superstition rises superior to all these common place explanations, and insists that the place iB resorted ko by an inhabitant of another world. Many werestil! on thewatch last night, although Harcourt's light was blocked out by u canvas screen to preclude any manifestation. There are a lot of jokes indulged in about the thing, yet amongst- old people especially who we.-e cradled in English counties, where bogeys are said to lurk behind every bush when "the curfew tolls the knell of parting day," there is a great desire apparent to give the place a very wide berth, and of all the residents in the vicinity the nearest hotelkeeper is the only man who says he does not mind how long the Bank street ghost scare continues. 