CHAPTER XXI. SIR ARTI-IUR TREGENNA. ror one moment he thought the dead had risen ; for one moment he stood spccchleS--''- l <T,pi1hnUn J ; f r «ne brief ' bought he saw 1, Katherine Dangerfield looking at him across her own grave ! She made no /attempt to speak, but stood with her icy gnze fixed upon him — her face, changeless, marble in its expression, lie was first to break the silence. ; ' Miss Herncastle!' he gasped ; 'you!' Her eyes left him, and lie moved. While they were riveted upon him he ha'd stood as one under as pell.' ' I, Sir Peter.' The low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the car. 'And I fear I have startled you again ; but I never dreomed of seeing you here.' Nor I you. What brings you here, a stranger, to this place of all places, Miss Herncastle, so soon after your . arrival?' lie asked the qyestipn angrily and sus piciously. Surely there was something ominous and sinister in this woman, who looked enough like -the dead girl .to have been her twin sister, and who .visited her grave so speedily after her arrival. Miss Herncastlejdrew her mantle about her tall, sPm figure, and turned to go. I ' I came out for a walk, Sir Peter. I have been in the schoolroom all day, and I am not iistd to such close confinement. I asked my lady's permission to take a walk, and she gave it. . I arn a rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, the toAm behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm, so inviting, that I entered. This lonely grave attracted me, and I was reading the inscription as you came up. If I had known it could have mattered in any way — that I would have disturbed any one by joining — 'should not have come.' She bent her head respectfully, and moved away. Dressed all in black, mov ing with a peculiarly swift, noiseless, glid ing step, she looked net unlike a phantom herself flitting among the graves. And in what an emotionless, level monotone she had spoken, as a child repeats a. lesson learned by rote ! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrustfully. It seemed plausible enough ; but that hidden instinct that comes to us to warn us of danger told him something was wrong. ' Who is she?' he repeated — ' Who is she? Enough like Katherine to be her sister! Who is she?' He stopped sudden ly. ' Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, save what Mrs. Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sisters for what lie or she ever knew.' A gleam came in to his eyes ; he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog resolution. ' Katherine is dead and buried — nothing can alter that, and this young woman, this Miss Herncastle, is more like her than it is possible fo- any but sisters to be. I'll find out who Miss Herncastle is,|aud all about her, and what she's here for, before I'm a morth. older.' y ' Queenie,' Lady Dangerfield said, 'I find we shall not be moped to death down here, after all : we shall have two gentle- men moie that we counted 011 — Sir Arthur Tregenna and Major Frankland — for our lawn party this afternoon. I wonder what 'sort of a croquet-player Sir| Arthur is, by-the-bye.' ' Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked Major Frankland down here. I 1'etest that man ! Sir Peter is jealous. The odious, familiar way he addresses you, too, and his horrid, coarse, commonplace compliments ! Bah ! Why doesn't he try to be original, at least?' 'Queenie, I wonder why you dislike him so much?' ' I dislike all mere club-room loungers, all well- dressed tailor's blocks, without one idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. Major Franldand knows Sir Peter hates him. If he were a right-feeling man, would he come at all, knowing it ?' ' Certainly he would, when I invite hini. I( Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, I would recommend Sir Peter to keep out of their sight. By the way, what was that long discourse you add he had last evening about? Natural philosophy?' ' No ; ghosts,' answered Lady Cecil. ' He believes in ghosts. He isn't positive yet that Miss Herncastle is not the dis embodied spirit of that poor giil that died here ; and he says there is a place three miles oft — Bracken Hollow, 1 believe — haunted to a certainty.' 'My opinion is,' said Sir Peter's wife, that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and 'that we will be taking out a decree cf lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely bemad, but in the elegantly allegorical language of the day, his head's not right.' ' What is that about Sir Peter ?' in quired the earl, sauntering up.' Mad, jis he Ginevra ? ' I'on my life I always thought so since he committed his crowning folly of marrying you. Pray what has he done lately !' ' Nothing more than the Right Hono rable the Earl of Rusyland has done before him — talked of seeing ghosts. He takes Miss Herecastle, the governess, for a ghost ; so did you. Now, uncle, Raoul, whose ghost did you take her for ?' 'Oh, yes' I remember,' said the earl, placidly ; ,but she did not disturb me very greatly. She has a vague sort of resemblance to a lady dead and gone. Oh ! L>y the way, I am going into Cas tleford. Is there anything I can do for either of you ladies? ' If you are going into Castleford, my lord,' said Ginevra, ' I have two or three commissions I wish you would execut". Queenie, where are you going; It will not detain me an instant.' ' I am going to the nursery. Lessons are over by this time, and Pearl says no one can make dolls' dresses with the skill I can.' She Eft the room: Lady Dangerfield looked after her, then at her uncle, with a mal.cious smile. J 'If you renlly want Cecd to marry Sir | Arthur 'I regenna.all your finesse, all your diplomacy will be required., if foresee thirty thousand a year trembling in dis balance. Site is inclined to rebel — talks about being sold, and the rest of it.' 'She shall marry Sir Arthur,' the carl responded, serenely ; ' it is written— it is destiny. And now write) out your list quickly, my dear. I shall be late as it is.' Lady Cecil reached the schoolroom. Lessons were ere long ended, and Miss Herncastle put by Tier books, walked across the room and stood looking wearily | out of the window at the mellow after noon radiance. The twins pleaded pitcously for the gfime of-' tag/' and aunt Cecil .consented. The dolls were flung down «,ri an ignomi- piops heap, (ind Lady Cecil followed out. .of doors in chase pf tjie children w'th a zest .that for 'the moment equalled their ; own. And jthus it was, flushed, breathless, ; dishevelled, laughing, romping like a girl j of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna saw her! first. All aglow, all breathless, she came; full upon Sir Arthut. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand years to bewitch him she could never have succeeded half so well as in this moment, when she was not thinking of him at all. She slopped short — still laughing, blushing, and aghast. .' Lady Cecil Clive, I believe ?' He took off his hat and stood bare headed before her— tall, noble, gravely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her hand. 'Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure. Did you meet — Pansy, be quiet — did you not meet papa? He left here to go to the station.' ' I did not meet him. Probably T passed him, for I left the station immediately.' ' Then permit me to welcome you in his stead. Ah, here is papa now and Major Frankland.' ' My dear boy — my dear Arthur.' The earl sprang out ol the carriage, u -d shook the young baronet's hand with effusion. ' Such a contretemps — just a moment too late. I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankland. Major Frankland, of the — th Lancers— Sir Arthur Tregenna ?' ' Aw, my 'dear Lady Cecil, charmed to see you ajjiin, and looking so well,' said the mnjor ; ' but then we know, to our cost, La Reine Blanche invariably looks her best on every occasion. And he e comes our charming hostess. Aw, Lady Dangerfield, so happy to meet you once more. Lonnod has been a perfect desert without you.' And thenjthe mistress of Scarswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detachment of the lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Cecil made jher escape. ' The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief, she murmured, bitterly ' He comes here to inspect me as he might a hcrse or a house he wanted to buy ; and if I suit him I am to be bought If I do not Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal ?' ' A short while after this there was a knock at Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfield appeared. My lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight; her cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid rouge. ' Come, Queenie, you 'are to be 011 the opposite side ; first red, and all tnat. Every one has come, 'and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet ground. Really Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't bad-looking — that is to say, if he were not beside Major Frank- land. Comparisons are odious, and beside him'— — The two ladies descended, together to the croquet ground — an admirable foil — blonde and .brunette. The major and Lady Dangerfield played a vigorous game sending itheir adversaries' balls to the furthest limits of space, and never missing a :hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abominably ; her side ,was beaten ingloriously in every game. All the time Sir Arthur's eyes were upon the lair Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculating as to whether or no she was fitted to be his wife, What a fair, sweet, proud face it was how much soul in thesofdy lustrous eyes, how much gentleness, goodness, al out the perfeci lips. Could any one who looked like that — who loved little children and played with them, a very child herself, Le the cold-blooded co quette, the vain flirt who trampled on hearts wholesale, for the selfish gratification ? No, no, a hundred times no. Such a face musl mirror a pure and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from a gentle and womanly heart. ' Her loveliness makes men her captives. How can she be blamed for that?' he thought. Sir Arthur was predisposed to be pleased He wanted to fulfil a father's dying wish and marry his old Iriend's daughter. The days went rapidly by at scarswood, and a week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna's and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very animated week it had heen. Lady Dangerfield never gtew weary in well doing , her fereile brain originated pleasure- party after pleasure-party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been boat ing-parties, croquet, and dtives and gallops to every interesting spot for miles around. There had been Fortnum and Mason's hampers, chickens and champagne, pales de foie gras, and claret-cup, on land and sea. At.d now a genuine old-fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was under way. My lady, ever on the alert for something new, proposed this, and had been warmly seconded on all sides A week had passed since Sir Arthur's ar rival—seven long summer days and nights under the, same roof with Lady Cecil, the greatest flirt of the 'season. Wh t did he think of her by this time? No one could have told, not the young lady, cettaiily to whom his manner was calm, friendly, and genial, but its far removed from her experience of love- making as it was possible to imagine. 80 far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beauty, and brightness, and fascinations were so many arrows that glanced bis polished chain-tap.il armour. She .was .singularly free Iron vanity: in a calm way she was con scious of her own re,at beauty, as she .was ol ,hor proud old name, hut the smallness of per sonal conceit she hid never felt;." (J ! Sir Arthur could tell her of, Australia, and jits wonderful hidden wealth: of, bright, busy, jiransatlanlic cities— of California, where hi .'had. 1 veil nil- months among camps and mine- j.ind the reckless men, the sweepings ol tin ' world, who fly there for salety or for gold. He bold her ol Algiers, where he had win tered last year,- and of how narrowly his life had been saved. Lost on the desert, a flock of wild Bedcuins, inframed with rapine anu liquor, had swept down upon him with shrill cries. He fought against terrible odds as long as he .coujd, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like bh.e yvind? and with a ringing English cheer, had laid abou,t him righ,t and left like ? lion.' .Vyheever that flashing blade fell, an: Arib.bjt the dust. Then .faiqb and sick from < loss qf Ifiood, he .reeled .front ,t,he saddle, . and ; opened, his eyes in his own.qunrters in Algiers, j ' And , the gallant Englishman who saved a ?' Lady Cecil breathlessly asked. ' He was a captain of Chasseurs— his name, . O'Donnell. Oddly enough in his quarters one day I came across a book, a very handsomt cony of ' Marmion,' with your name on thi fly-leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared and it had never been returned.' 'Cipbain O'Donnell seems fated to save people's lives,' said La Jy Cecil, laughing. ' He saved mine front drowning. Did he tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence Are you aware he is in England?' ' No ; I am not surprised to hear it, though. He mentioned, casually, that he might shortly be in Fngland.' Lady G cil said nothing, bub that night at pairing, she gave .Sir Arthur her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never shown before. When th'. morning of the picnic came Sii Arthur, Lady Cecil, the ear), and a young lad' in apple-green muslin, went together in the bar ouche. Lady D mgei field drove M"«jor Frank- \- land in her ponv phaeton. The rest of the young ladies followed in a second barouche, with two cavaliers, on horseback, the only mntried lady of the party being the baronet's wife. It was an intensely hot day, the sun pouring down its fiery heat from a sky as deeply blue as that of Italy — the heat quivering in a white mist over the sea. Not a breath of air stirred : the see lay asleep, on vast, polished lake, under that globe of molten gold. 