FIGHTING BIRDS. Some two or three years back, I was lying with my binoculars intently watching the proceedings of a small bird of whose habits I was anxious to learn something, when I was startled by the queerest combination of sounds that ever assailed my ears. Turning my head I beheld a strange sight. It was nothing less than a kestrel-hawk and a car- rion-crow fighting beak and claw head over heels. Whether the one had attempted to make prey of the other—a somewhat unlikely thing —or the encounter was the result of a mutual misunderstanding I cannot tell, but that they fought long and stubbornly I had the unique experience, so far as I know, of being wit- ness to. The hawk eventually got the better of the contest, and the crow, gasping for breath and sorely distressed, was obliged to seek the friendly shelter of a leafy oak, back into whose branches his vigilant adversary drove him every time he attempted to sneak away and escape. Male grouse fight like game cocks during the pairing season, and their dead bodies are at times picked up after an encounter. At this particular season birds may be seen chasing each other as if demented, and heard uttering their sharp angry cock ! cock ! cock ! I have known a pair commence a fight on the heather-clad top of a high Yorkshire hill and continue it so stubbornly, that it did not finish until they landed pell-mell amongst the branches of a tree in the green dale below. Everybody knows what a pugnacious little rascal the English sparrow is, and a few at least love him for his tenacity and pluck ; but the following story, which appeared in the ornithological corner of a suburban paper not long ago, is likely to disgust his most ardent admirers, for it is positively appalling in its savage brutality :—A pair of cock sparrows were observed to alight on a sub- urban platform—not from a train, but from the air—and begin a most deadly struggle. They tugged at each other, bit, flapped, and scratched until they finally landed under a seat, where the most dreadful sparrow trag- edy that ever occurred since the world began was enacted. Grasping each other like gladiators in fierce embrace they summoned every whit of remaining strength, and, to the unutterable consternation of the station- master and several passengers who had as- sembled with the usual curiosity of a Lon- don crowd, they simultaneously pulled each other's heads off, and gave up the ghost side by side ! I have seen a good many encounters in my time between all kinds of combatants as fierce and dissimilar as bulls and ants, but I must say that the above story eclipses any per- formance in the fighting or fictioning line that ever crossed the Atlantic from the land of tall things. The cock pheasant is a pugnacious fellow, and a wily poacher has been known to take advantage of this weakness for the sport of combat by feeding a number of ' long-tails' at a given spot for a few mornings, and then suddenly turning a game cock armed with steel spurs amongst them to deal death right and left and thereby enrich his master's larder. The black grouse is a bird whose love making is all done by hard fighting. Regular battle grounds are established where the birds assemble at dawn of day ; the males to fight and make feathers fly in all directions from each other's bodies, and the females to enjoy the sport and run to and fro with drooping wings and bestow their favors upon the gallent victors. Comparatively shy and inoffensive birds will, when they have helpless young about, sometimes show a surprising amount of cour- age. A partridge has been seen to drive off in the utmost discomfort a wandering crow that had made a desperate attempt to steal one of her downy little chicks. A keen observer of nature recently re- corded an encounter which he witnessed tak- ing place on his lawn between a missel- thrush and a stoat. The bird had its nest in a tree close by, and belonging to a species that is pestered with a particularly large number of wily enemies was on the look-out. Directly the stoat came forth from beneath some laurel bushes the missel-thrush cour- ageously charged him. Poor bird, the en- counter was between vastly unequal forces, and here pluck spelt destruction. There was a tumbling bundle of feathers, a loud harsh shriek, and the lithe little animal carried his assailant off beneath the evergreens for supper. 