Top of the Ladder. * BY LATE REV. C. H. SPURGEON. And to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulnessof God.—Ephesians iii. 19. This is a part of Paul's prayer for the Ephesian believers. It is the closing clause and consummation of it. It mentions the grandest boon for which he prayed. His prayer was like that ladder which Jacob saw, the top whereof did reach to heaven and God; and the apostle at the foot of it was not asleep, but looking up with eager eyes, and marking each thing rssfed of light. Be it ours by sweet experience to ascend that staircase of light! May the Holy Ghost reveal it to us even now! You must begin to read at the fourteenth verse: "For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth are named, that "—this is one rung of the ladder. "That He would grant you, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with might by His Spirit in the inner man; that" —here comes the second rung; one step helps you to reach the next; you are strengthened that you may rise higher and enjoy a further privilege. "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith: that"—this is the third rung. Oh, that the Holy Ghost may help you at once to take a firm footing upon it! "That ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; and to know the love of Christ, which pesseth knowledge." Surely we are at the top of the ladder now, are we not? What a height! How glorious is the view; How solid the standing! How exhilarating the sense of communion with all saints and with the Lord of saints! Yet this is not the top of it. Here is another step, "that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God." 1\. "To know the love of Christ." Observe that Paul was not praying for people who did not know the love of Christ in the ordinary acceptation of the term. They did know it; they had heard all about it from himself; they had read about it in his epistles, and in other gracious records. They knew the whole story of the lore of Christ though apos- tolic teaching. Ay, and they knew it by faith, too. They had believed in the Lord Jesus Christ unto the salvation of their souls, so that in the first verse of this epistle he calls them "saints which are at Ephesus, and the faithful in Christ Jesus." What does he mean by his prayer that they might know the love of Christ? He intended another kind of knowledge. I know very many people—that is to say, I have read about them; I have heard of them; I have seen them in the street, and they touch their hats to me, and I do the same to them ; and thus I know them. This is a slender form of knowledge; yet I fear it is the kind of knowledge which most men have of Christ. They have seen Him, they have looked to Him—and, blessed be His name! there is life in a look—but they have gone no further. Even such acknowledge as that which comes by trembling faith is a knowledge that saves. But I will tell you the people I know best. They live with me in my own house; I see them every day, I am on the most familiar terms with them—this is the know- ledge here intended. Read our text again. "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith," and then—"that you may know the love of Christ." Is not this the best way of knowing it ? Jesus resides in your heart, which is the centre of your love, and then you know His love. He teaches you to love Him, and, as you learn the sweet lesson, you begin to know how Jesus loves you. You come to know Him by personal acquaintance, by having Christ dwelling in you so that you see Him, hear Him; feel bis touch, and enjoy His blessed company. This kind of knowledge is the most precious of all knowledge. You see the modus of this knowledge, the way in which it comes to us; it is a sure and efficient way, for, by having Jesus to dwell in us, and by becoming rooted and grounded in love to Him, we come to know Him as we never know Him by being taught by our fellow men, or by all the reading or study in the world. This is the highest style of the science of Christ crucified, for this comes of personal proof and experimental test, and therefore it is not to be taken from us, but is woven into our consciousness. We have been taught by certain modern philosophers that we do not know anything: I fancy our friends are not far off the mark if they only speak for themselves, but I demur to their representing us. "We cannot be certain of anything," says someone. Well, perhaps you cannot. But the man who has Christ dwelling in him says, "There is one thing I am certain of, and that is the love of Christ to me. I am assured of the loveliness of His character and the affection of His heart; I perceive that He Himself is love: and I am equally dear, since He has come to live with me, that He loves me, for He would not have lived in my heart at all if He had not loved me. He would not cheer and encourage me; He would not rebuke and chasten me, as He does, if He did not love me. He gives me every proof of His love, and therefore I am sure of it. I will have no question raised; or, if you raise it, you will kindly understand that I do not raise it; for I have come to this, that I know the love of Christ." 2\. We must dwell a minute on that round of the ladder to which we have ascended—to know so as to be filled. It is not every kind of knowledge that will fill a man. Much of human knowledge is described by the apostle thus, " Knowledge puffeth up; but love buildeth up." Sometimes the more men know, the greater fools they become; for knowledge is not wisdom, though wisdom cannot be with out knowledge. Knowledge in the hand of a fool is but a means of publishing his folly. Wisdom is the flower which grows out of knowledge; but all knowledge does not bear that flower—much of It is barren. Brethren, if you get a knowledge of Christ's love, it is a filling knowledge, for it contents the soul. Again, when the soul comes to enjoy Christ it is filled in a most emphatic sense. It is not merely satisfied, but overjoyed. One said to me the other day, "I am sure that you have a contented heart." "Well," I replied, "if I were pinched with poverty you might talk of my contentment; but God blesses me so richly that I have passed beyond mere contentment, I have all things and abound. I feel as if I can bless God all day long." Christ's people are not merely safe and contented, they are filled; and well they may be, for there is enough in Christ for millions, and yet he is altogether ours; He has given Himself to us as a glorious whole. A little patrimony may make a man contented, but what shall we say when our heritage is Christ Himself. Contented ? Why, our heart leaps as we survey our infinite por- tion. "In the heavenly Lamb thrice happy I am; And my heart it doth dance at the sound of His name." When you live in the full enjoyment of the Lord's presence, and abide under a sense of His love, you fed more happy than tongue can tell. Your heart is too full to hold; it is like a vessel wanting vent; it possesses a joy unspeakable and full of glory. Once more, when the love of Christ comes to work upon the soul, when it brings with, it all its choice treasures, then the mind of the believer is filled with the fulness of God. What is it that the love of Christ gives to the objects of it ? Let me ask another question. What is it which is worth having that it does not give? He gives, us light for our dark- ness, eyes for our blindness, food for our hunger, cleansing for our defilement, garments for our nakedness, healing for our sickness. He gives us strength for our weakness, joy for our sorrow, comfort for our distress, deliverance for our peril, and triumph for our conflict. When Jesus comes to dwell in the heart He brings with such furniture, such provision, that our entire nature is equipped, furnished, pro- vided for—"filled with all the fulness of God." Christ does not long dwell in an unfurnished house. Oh, you that have a poor, poverty- stricken religion of which you have to say, like the elder brother in the parable, " These many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment; and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make [ merry with my friends,"—I beseech you, say no no more. Come, brother, alter that tune, and hear what the great Father says: "Son, thou art ever with Me, and all that I have is thine." If Christ dwells in your heart, His Father Is your Father, His God is your God, His heaven is your heaven; ay, and His throne I shall be your throne, for He will make you to sit where He sits, at the right hand of God in glory. Oh, the blessedness of knowing the love of Christ! 3\. In the third place let me say—that wherever Christ dwells in the heart by faith we receive the fulness of God into our spirit, with the design that we may overflow. You know what it is to be empty, I daresay. Have you ever tried to pray when you axe empty? Yes, and the result, is a very empty prayer. "Out of nothing comes nothing" : and when there is no prayer in you, and you pray, why, it is no prayer at all. Sometimes when you have been praising the Lord you have wished that you had all men's tongues in your mouth, and that you had all the song of birds at your command, and all the music of the spheres. You have desired to make the stars your keyboard, to play upon them a glorious Te Deum; and yet you would not even then have praised your God as your heart desired. When you are full of praise, then you praise indeed. It is a blessed thing for our heart to get full towards God, for then we worship Him with a full soul. And, dear brethren, when you are all full of Divine grace, you are filled for all the circum- stances of life. If you go forth filled with God, yon are provided for every emergency. Come calamity or prosperity ; whatever shape the temptation may assume, if the love of Christ has filled you with the fulness of God you are ready for it. See how prepared you will be to meei your brethren and benefit them. Suppose you should make one in a little gather- ing of believers, and they should ask you to speak a word, if you are full, your speech will be worth hearing; but if you are empty, your communications will be empty also. If anybody is saying, "This is out of my line; I have not come as far as this," I know it is so. I have not been talking to yon. Yet I will not be altogether silent to you. Look to Jesus Christ at once, and you shall be saved. Trust Him, trust Him wholly. By faith you will begin to live. After you begin to live, you will be strengthened by the Spirit of the Lord. After you are strengthened, Christ will dwell in your heart. After Christ has dwelt in your heart, you shall know the love that passeth knowledge; and after that you know the love that passeth knowledge, you shall be filled with all the fulness of God. Bo not begin at the end, but take things according to God's order. A man who wishes to climb a ladder does not expect to put his foot upon the top round at the first step; he ascends by degrees. There is your first round—"Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt-be saved." Take that first step at once. May the Lord help you! Beginning with faith in Jesus, you shall persevere and ascend till you reach the top of the ladder. 