Minor Ottos, (pan. CLÀBKB DIYORGS CASE. RMTJonient's Address to th« Court. Fürth«» Sócentelo Conduct and speech. [Br TKLEOSAPH.] " STDNBT. Friday. The Ber. J. Clarke, of Kogarah, the respondent in the divorce case Clarke v. Clarke, proceeded to address the eonrt on his own behalf this forenoon. Ba contended that there waa nothing in th« evidence for the petitioner to corroborate the charge of cruelty excepting the court thought that he was insane, which would be an easy way to rid a woman of her husband. His Honor at this stage temporarily left the bench, whereupon Mr. Clarke spoke to his wife Mr. Ralston (counsel for petitioner): Ten have no right to speak to Mrs. Clarke. Respondent : She is my wife till we are divorced ; but if I have no right, then i will refrain from <taipg BO. Respondent'next caused considerable amazement hyl walking about the court- room and looking at his wife ; but the latter drew a dark veil over her face. His Honor having resumed his seat, the respondent proceeded with bis address. He said that since his wife was weakly, to prevent anything being said, he had done the housework himself, and had worked In his parish as »el!. He had acted as his own lawyer in this case, which waa certainly not a proof of insanity Every, thing had been raked up against him Respondent then proceeded dramatically : " One* day it was good gracious ! dear me ! what straits they are pus to for evidence. Then my wife wished to write something on paper, as thongh something dreadful had happened. What did it amount to? Nothing beyond die marital rights. My wife's sister wrote something on paper. What was it ?j Why, simply that she was sitting on my knee in the drawing-room." Respondent here pointed at his wife, and Bald, " She was always seeing ghosts and spirits. I was eure she had done away with herself " Looking across the court, be added, "I could tell tales " His Honor : Look at me, air ; and do not address insulting remarks to your wife. Respondent : I am not looking at my wife. I am looking ac my mother-m low. (Laughter. In which his Honor joined.) .Respondent-, proceeding, argued that the snit should be dismissed, and that he should be compensated for the cruelty and wrong he had suffered. He com- plained of being searched for firearms. *' It was feared that I. would shoot - who?" asked witness-"your Honor? God forbid ! Was it thought I would take my own lice ? I am not each a fool." Respondent concluded his address by raising his 'eft arm over bia head, saying, "I wonld Impress on your Honar tba existence of One who will judge Judges cn the last day. When the shadows earth have passed away than the truth and the whole truth in this eise will be manifest to all men." 