? PARLIAMENTARY .DEBATES. A REaiONSTJiAXCE ?which, if things were ordered exactly as they ought to bo ordered, ?would have effect in connection 'with the retrench ment policy of the Government, has been addressed by. the Principal Shorthand writer of the 'Parliamentary reporting staff to Mr. Speaker. That staff consists of ten shorthand writers. It reports all the select committees, the debates of both Houses, the Public Works Committee and the sectional committees of that body. Mr. Robinson represents to Sir : Joseph ? Abbott the absolute necessity that exists for increasing ? the staff, if the reports are expected to be maintained in their present, fulness. JPor, -he points out, the Assembly now sits four days a week ; two ?hours' .work a day has been added to the former work , of the staff by the amended standing order regarding objections ; and the House now meets an .hour earlier than, it did in past sessions. So that either the staff must be strengthened, or it must be relieved of all Work but the reporting of Parliamentary , debates. It may be added that manifestly the lengthened sittings, so frequent now, strain ' .'to the utmost the mental and , physical, resources ? of the official reporters. ? ? These ujifortunate beings, part of whose duty it has been to record the eloquence of Labour : members in advocacy of an eight hours' day, ' have been frequently compelled to toil on day ?- and night with no reviving rest, in order ?, that 'the world should lose nowinged word of i ? our parliamentary orators. We sympathise entirely with the position of ' these overworked gentlemen. But we ask ? ?.-.?whether it is desirable, seeing the state of the ?finances and the character of the matter which 1 ' the official reporters embalm in' print, .that ' ? ' ? rfih&ir; reporting labours should continue. Let year for this record of legislators' eloquence. :For the coming .year the estimate for the fTeporting staff is £5453 ; and, if the staff is strengthened so tha£ there may Sfco no -curtailment of- ' the reports, a 'further annual cost for reporters of £2190 ?must be incurred.. J The cost of paper, print ing, and ?binding the reports is additional. It ?amounts to'd37000. So that now the pro duction- d'f the Parliamentary Debates costs the ' country every year say over £10,000 ; and a dinrther outlay of over £2000 to maintain ;the work on the present, scale is demanded. And what does the country get for the outlay ? Valuable materials for history ? Gems of oratory which the contemporaries of tho speakers regarded as priceless! and which tmen- of coming ages will admire ? Not at all. The sum paid yearly is represented by an enormous, quantity of printed matter which no ono,-reads. Parliamentary Debates consists mainly of platitudes piled , mountain-high — PeTion on ossa. There may: be found to weari _ some 'iteration arguments to which few have listened' but the unhappy scribes in the re porters' galleries. Reams- of paper are covered, in the record Avith the distilled essence of dulness. Mr. O'Sullivan's allitera tive 'but unconvincing discourses, covering a Tange in which the wearied auditor toils after him in vain, and Mr. Schey's long-drawn harangues, horribly stuffed with epithets of malice, fill many thou sand pages. .Acres of .the record — it is scarcely oxciggeration to say so — are occupied have indigested the' socialistic literature of. \- our days. Here and there may be found a speech of more-than ordinary value ; but it is an oasis in the desert of wordy folly and pointlessness. Few apples of golden thought in pictures of silvery eloquence are here, few speeches which men would not willingly let die. The official record possesses indeed a merit which is ascribed to the Dunciad — that many of the names in it would be unknown to all fame but for their appearance there. And from its pages may be summoned, like .?an avenging ghost, many an avowal of opinion .calculated to confound the time-serving poli tician whose change of vicavs is facile and .shameless. Also it preserves narratives of 1 ;ineidents in our public life which pain ?patriotic men, and 'besmirch tho reputation of tlie great institution of Parliament. But of good done by it to the country or to the -world little can be seen or imagined. It is foad- enough that the country should bear the yearly burden of £84,500 to pay members for work which it wore gross flattery to call -well dono work, without also being asked to pay £l©,000 for recording speech which is directly accountable for much of defect £n that woi'k. It comes to 'this* then, that the question as it affects the Parliamentary re porting staff ought to be — not whether or not it should be strengthened, .but whether or not it should be disbanded as causing -an useless expense. For the practical purpose of informing the , people what their, re presentatives in tho Assembly aro doing and saying, &hc; daily metropolitan newspapers give sufficiently amplo reports. The measure of their reports is indeed a tolerable gauge ' of the public interest in the oratory of the Legislature, for newspapers are commercial enterprises, and purvey what their readers want. An official report is a superfluous burden on the taxpayer ; and, now that econpmy in expenditure is necessary the whole outlay on the production of Parliamentary Delates might justly and reasonably be retrenched. We know well of course that the counsel we give is a counsel of perfection. There is no indication of the possession by Governments of the moral strength requisite to propose a blow to the vanity and self-conceit which called the record into existence, and which are potent to maintain it. And so the people's treasury will be called continuously to pay this heavy charge, for accumulating volumes of speech-records upon which the dust of neglect will accumulate till necessity gives them to the burning wherein a brilliancy they never before possessed Anil be temporarily evoked. 