NEWS AND NOTES. WE learn from the PoatmastsrflGeneral that telegraphic communication was established with Melville yesterday. THE Standard Time Act will come into force on Sunday next. The colony will adopt the mean time of Coolgardie, which is two hours behind that of Melbourne, and an hour behind that of Adelaide. THE telegraph business between Perth and Coolgardie, and Perth and Eucla, is still stated to be two days in arrears, although we are informed by many business people that " -u ^ P/iPoèieA^some^^ÉÉT1»55S^tefcred HEBB FBANCIK'S sixth evening concert at the Fremantle Town Hall last evening was most successful, so far as the numbers on the programme were concerned. The attendance, it must be said, was not worthy of the admirable evening's entertainment provided. A fuller report is held over. A MEETING of the Sir John Forrest Presenta- tion Committee was held at the Town Hall last night, Mr. Geo. Leake, ML A., presiding, the business was merely formal. It was decided, however, to alter the date of the dinner to the 23rd December, instead of the 21st, the latter date being more, convenient to the Premier. A CONCERT will be held this evening in the Town Hall, under the auspices of the United a Friendly Societies. The entertainment will be preceded by a torchlight precession. The programme includes selections by some of the most popular composers, and amongst the performers will be several of the best known amateur vocalists of Perth. IN the course of the hearing at the City Court yesterday of a charge of keeping pigs on the city water area, some difficulty was experienced in eliciting precise evidence of the ownership of the pigstye. " Well, who is in the habit of using the stye at last queried the ba filed legal examiner of a witness. "Why, the pigs of course," was the answer which left the matter as indefinite as before. As the sale of tickets for the amateur race fortunes of Withered Leaves and " Nan, the Good for Nothing" proceeding with great rapidity, those who wish to secure good seats are advised to book them without delay at Mr. Woodfield's music depot-, where the box plan is now open. Members of the Perth Amateur Orchestra have kindly consented to give their services on both evenings. IT has been arranged to lay the foundation of an Anglican Church at Victoria Park, on a site given by Mr. Hackett, MLC, on Wednesday, December 13th, at 3.30 p.m. The ceremony will be performed by Bishop Riley, who will also open a sale of work and an entertainment in aid of the building fund. Donations of m ney or articles suitable for the sale will be received by Mrs. Houghton, Victoria Park, or the Rev. D. J. Garland, church office. THE Mayoress, Mrs. A. Forrest, hold the final reception of the municipal year by saturday afternoon in the Town Hall, where in company with the Mi> or she received the guests. During the afternoon a band played a programme of selections, and ices and other summer refreshments were provided. A number of the citizens took the opportunity of banking Mr. and Mrs. Forrest for their kind and genial hospitality during the three years of occupancy by Mr. Forrest of the Mayoral chair. It was mentioned that Mr. Forrest intends to proceed to England shortly, and both the Mayoress and himself were made the recipients of many good wishes. IT was yesterday decided by the Government to construct a branch from the South-Western railway line to the Canning racecourse, starting from a point some hundreds of yards nearer Perth than the siding at which passengers have been hitherto landed when attending the race meetings on this course. The branch or cockspur line will be a trifle over a quarter of a mile in length, and will be appreciated by visitors to the course, as instead of having to walk that distance they will be landed close to the grand stand reserve. In consideration of the Government constructing the line, the Canning Park proprietary have given the necessary land. The line, it is expected, will be finished before the club's meeting next Boxing Day. THE action brought by Daniel Connor, the owner of the Shamrock Hotel property, for damages against William Gerloff, the licensee of that hotel, for causing an encroachment to to be made by erecting additions in a portion of a yard adjoining the p e -used, was further advanced base the Chief Justice yesterday. Mr. Connor, the plaintiff, was farther cross examined by Mr. L^k" and denied point blank that his Emma, which was at ached to a plan was his signature, although he insisted that it was very much like his autograph. The evidence for- he defence was just entered upon when the Court rose. Mr. J. W. Wright, the architect for the additions, swore that the creature referred to was that of Mr. Connor. The case will be continued this WITH regard to recent reports as to the Porte's health, the Rome correspondent of the Gazette de Lausanne, writing to his paper, says-The is not true that the Pope is dying, since he gives audiences every day, but I learn from persons worthy of all credence that his Holiness' health has greatly deteriorated during the past few months. In the opinion of many people who have opportunities of best g brought into close contact with the Pope, he will not survive the winter. His intellect remains un- impaired, but all his vitality now seems, as it were, concentrated in his brain, and it is this which deserves horse admitted to audiences into believing that the Pontiff must be to the best of health. Those who are admitted to His Holiness' intimacy, however, are much 'less optimistic, and testify to a rapid decline of physical strength." AT the Fremantle Local Court yesterday, before Mr. E. Fairbairn, R.M., an action was brought, by E. W- Davies, MLC, against Isaac Kierle, for the recovery of 1886 18s principal and interest on a bill of exchange. The bill was drawn upon April 3, 1890, and made payable at the National Bank, Fremantle. When the bill fell due, on June 6th of the same year, it was presented at the back, but was dishonoured, and plaintiff alleged that he had not yet received payment. The amount of the bill was 350, which, with interest accrued at 8 per cent, brought the amount up to 286 8s., the sum sued for. For the defence, the defendant went into the box and swore that he paid the amount about two years ago. He, however, could produce no receipt, and as Mr. Davies his possession of the bill judgment was given for the plaintiff, with costs. MR. NEWMAN, the Government Surveyor, who has been on an extended trip on exploration work between Coolgardie and Cue, arrived in Perth, yesterday, with Mr. A. Mason and several other members of his party. The party left Guildford on the 27th of February last, and have, therefore, been altogether nine months in completing their labours. All the party were in good health, notwithstand- ing the hardships endured on the trip. The most distressing ailment was that of scurvy, but Mr. Mason, who had charge of the medicine chest, succeeded in bringing the sufferers round. Eighteen camels were taken, and of these only two died a of not which speaks volumes for the care in the selection of the stock, as well as for the ability of the white attendants, who on this occasion, at all events, showed themselves quite equal to Afghan drivers. The party travelled over 4,000 miles, did 430 miles of traverse, and 600 miles of exploration work. Mr. New- man's report of the trip will shortly be sub mitted to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. THE following is the list of cases sat down for hearing at the December Sittings of the Supreme Court on Tues- day next Ethel Lloyd Harris v. Herbert Nix, 3500 damages for libel, slander, and assault; Mahomet Azzon v. W. C. Wright, £2224 13s. 10d., carriage of goods ; Arthur Thos. Perkins v. Frank Brigg?, £102 Is., money received on defendant's behalf ; Frank Wallace v. J. S. Cape and others, £850 9s. 4d., money due ; A. L. Smith, John Smith, and Mary Smith v. i i- li ifJIlMI as -I fly is i '.,. .,..,, like. A. S. log v. A C. Summon, 512 12s, goods sold and delivered ; Arthur Ward and others v. Golconda G.M. Co., Ltd , case for opinion of court (Pilbarra) ; George Punt v. F. Bevilaqua, case for opinion of court (Dundas); in the matter of a solicitor, motion to strike off the roll ; Stephen Smith v. Adelaide S.S. Co., 3250, damage done to certain goods ; Henry Clinton and Jessie Clinton v. Com missioner of Railways, £85,000 damages for injury; John De Baun v. Alfred McKenzie, 1841 5s., breach of contract. THE question of the liability of persons wife's keep pigs within the city water supply area was before the City Police Court yesterday. The principal case, which will probably be taken as a test action to the Supreme Court, was one in which Charles Armstrong was charged with keeping clear pigs at the Canning Jarrah Timber Mills, within a short distance of a watercourse flowing into the Victoria Reservoir. It was contended for the defence that the case should be dismissed on several grounds, principal of which were that the ownership of the pigs had not been proved that the by-law under which the action was taken was ultra vires that the authorities had no power to exclude pigs, but only to regulate the position of pigsties that the catchment area of the water supply had never been defined, and the evidence could not supply the omission. The court dismissed the whole of the objections, and intimated that as the case appeared to be a bad one the maximum fine of 1890 would be imposed. Subsequently the fine was reduced to 85 with costs. THE etiquette of courts of justice sometimes re quires that the judges should be as blind as the goddess whose ministers they are. Yesterday Mr. Moss had a matter to bring before the Chief Justice. The case occupying His Honour's attention was completed somewhat sooner than was anticipated,- and Mr. Moss had not availed himself of the opportunity to don wig and gown. "I would like to bring a matter to your Honour's notice," said the Fremantle barrister when he got a word in edgeways. "I can't hear you, Mr. Moss," answered the Chief Justice. "I can't see you. I see a ghost. But I cannot see you. You had better get some one else to speak for you." The " ghost " obtained the intercession of another lawyer, less etherial in the garb of horse-hair and alpaca. "I can hear you now," said His Honour later when he learned from the facts submitted that it was necessary to be informed of the exact terms of the application, and although the ghost had not been materialised by the mysterious and essential process of rolling his figure was as distinctly seen as his voice was plainly heard. WE have received from Messrs. Howard Smith & Sons their " Handbook for Travellers for 1896. It contains 20 pages of interesting and readable matter, and is neatly be and and well printed. The letter- press is brightly written, and besides giving in narrative form a small history of each of the seaports touched at by the company's steamers from Northern Queensland to Western Australia, the book contains much useful information respecting Australian tariffs, postal and telegraphic rates for the different colonies, table of d stances between London and Australia, etc. Special attention has been devoted to Western Australia, and useful data are given respecting the goldfields bombs upon miners' rights, claims, protection. areas, etc. The handbook is copiously illustrated with photo lithe pictures, and as a book of reference should prove valuable to travellers and business men. The general contents have been compiled and edited by Mr. Lachlan Beaton, the Melbourne manager of Messrs. Howard Smith & Sons, and the pro- notion altogether is a highly creditable THOUGH fears are expressed that the total export of wool from Australasia this year was not equal that for the 1894-95 season, in consequence of the drought in Queensland and New South Wales, the returns (observes the Adelaide Advertiser of November 20th) so far show an increase compared with those for the corresponding date's twelve months. Thus M. sara. Goldsbrough, Mott & Co. report that so far from five colonies 439,859 bales have been despatched, as against 347,118 for the same period of last year sbowraganet increase of 92,741 bales. Victoria shows an increase of 83 200 bales. New South Wales 45,80 Sou' h Australia7,294,anùNew Zealand 3.532, a diminution of 2,178 being indicated by the Queensland remain. So far as this colony is concerned up to October 31, 54,632 bales had been sent: away, as against 47,348 last year. From November 2 to November 16 29,942 bales have been sent from Port Adelaide. The total shipments to date from Port Adelaide have been To London, 40,126 barns; to Dunkirk, 17,676 bales to Antwerp, 2,624 bales and to Hamburg and Bremen, 7,392. From Port Augusta to date the shipments amount to 14,612 bales. Locally the WODI season may be regarded as practically closed when the accumulations in stars and on wharf have been disposed of H.M.S. ORLANDO, the flagship of the Australian squadron, which sailed from Albany at a quarter past 6 on Tuesday evening, is expected to reach Fremantle early this morning, with His Excellency Rear-Admiral Cyprian Bridge, the naval commander in chief on the Australian station, on board. Special arrangements have been made to accord a fitting reception to His Excellency. On the arrival of the fUtrship Capt. Campbell, adjutant of the local military forces, will go on board, and having ascertained the wishes of His Excellency, will communicate them to the Commandant. The Fremantle Artillery and Infantry will parade at the South Beach, Fremantle, at 11 o'clock. and upon landing the Admiral will be received with a state of 13 guns, which will be fired by the Fremantle Artillery. A guard of honour will be formed by detachments of the Perth and Fremantle Infantry. It is es- period ihtL Admiral Bridge will arrive in Perth this afternoon by the train leaving Fremantle at a quarter past 12. The usual exchange of official visits between the Naval Commander-in-Chief and the Administrator, Sir Alex. Onslow, will take place during the day. Admiral Bridge's programme includes, it is understood, a visit to Coolgardie. It is astonished to hold a ball at Fremantle in honour of the visit of the Orlando. The date has not yet been fixed, but it is probable that it will take place on Thursday next. 