Cocjil Sloths & Usswss. Anglican — Eleventh Sunday after Trinity, 25th j August— Holy Trinity— Communion at S a.m., mattius at 11, evensong iit 7 30, Beard y at 1.30 — Rev. A. \V. King ; Red Range at 11, Linwood at 3— E. C. Knox. There will lie no service at Stone- henge on Sunday. Wksleyan. — Rev. A. Theodore Huggart, B.A., conducts the following services on Sunday next : — Glen Innes 1 1 and 7.30 ; Wellingrove at 3. Holy communion at Glen I noes evening service. Presbyterian. —The services next Sabbath will lie — Glen Innes at 11 and 7.80, Waterloo at 3 — Rev. A. Fraser. Whist Tournament. — The undermentioned games have been played since our last issue in con nection with the whist tournament at the School of Arts : — Ramsay and Fitzharilinge beat W. Vincent and Barry (with handicap concession), the game ending one rubber and one game each, losers two points up in the final. Sullings and Thomas beat Scott and Woodforde, rubbar each and two games to losers' love. Souter and Mears. with handicap concession, beat Brown and Biddle, two rubbers to love. S. Travers and Snape beat Jones and Abbott with -handicap, concession, by a game and three points To Farmers ! Twelve bales of wool packs for sale at 20 per cent off current/prices. Co- operative " Stores, Glen Innes. — 1 » Overdue Rents — It is notified that the rents Ul l/llc lOHUWlIlg UJUUlblUUctl iCctouo Ililvc UcwUlllU overdue, and in .consequence are liable to be for feited : — James M 'Lean, 80 acres, parish Marowan ; A. Devlin, 496 acres, parish Boyd, Withdrawn from Sale. — Annual lease, lot 5, 299 acres, parish Louis, has been withdrawn from sale. The New Clip. — The first wool of the season reached Glen Innes on Wednesday morning from the west. It was consigned to Mr. C. E. Glennie, and was from Mr. J. M 'Master's station at Croppa Creek, and amounted to 61 hales. Mr. Gleunie, with his usual promptitude, trucked the wool to Sydney on the same day . Although the season has been so unfavorable it is a noteworthy fact that this consignment readied Glen Innes two weeks earlier than the first delivery last year. Oddfellowsiiip. — A special summoned meeting of the Hand of Friendship Lodge was held in tiie Masonic Hall on Tuesday evening, P.G. Healey, N.G., presiding. A full attendance of officers and members were present. The principal business was the election of a treasurer, vice P.G. Juergens re signed. Bros. Veness and Sachs were nominated for the position, and the latter was elected on a ballot. A discussion eusued on the best mcaus of celebrating the anniversary on 9th November, and it was unanimously decided to have an excursion: trip to Deepwater by special train. A strong and numerous committee were appointed, Bros. Souter and Whyte agreeing to act as secretaries to the moveineut. Several minor matters were dealt with and sick pay voted to members. The contributions for the night amounted to £13 4s. With regard to the celebration of their anniversary, if the Glen Innes brethren can induce the Oddfellows of Teu- terfield, Emmaville, and Deepwater to join with them the pleasures of the day will be greatly en hanced, and it will conduce to make the outing a financial success also. Cost of the Dean Commission. — According to a Parliamentary return the Dean Commission cost the country £1709. The items covered are : The president (presumably for general purposes), £200 ; Sir Julian Salomons, £665 ; Mr. F. A. Rogers (pre sident) £409 10s ; Dr. Manning, £143 6s 6d ; Dr. Sydney Jones, £286 13s ; the secretary (for expen ses), £4 l7s. Spring is always dangerous. Better than doc tor's medicine is our specially-blended port wine for family use at one shilling and four-pence per quart bottle. We guarantee this to be a pure Hunter River wine, our own growing, ami not less than four years old. Try a sample battle. — The Co-operative Stores, Glen Innes. — 2 v Extraordinary Case of Somnambulism. — In the dark hours of morning a young man was re cently wending his way homewards, passed the disused burial ground in Campbell- street, Hobart, when he saw a tall, white-robed figure stalkiug among the tombs. He did not run away, but ' went for' the ghost, only to find it was a young woman iu her robe de chambre, and in a sound sleep. While meditating as to what was to be done, he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sort of way. Explanation followed, and it came out that the ghostly-looking figure was the wife of a respectable artisan, who, missing her from his side, rose from his bed and went to look for her, and found her wandering in the gloomy necropolis. A special retail license, by which f single bottle can be sold to our customers, lias Been gran ted, and we are selling pure, unadulterated, aged, and well matured wines — specially blended for us. The Co-operative Stores, Gleu Innes. — 3 New Zealand Stud Siieep. — There is said to be great weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth over in New Zealand re the Sydney Ram Fair. One unfortunate was offered £1000 for 300 of his rams, but he would not sell them, preferring to send them to Sydney for sale. He got his returns last week, whicli showed a debit balance against him to the tune, of £40. That poor man's feelings are. more to be imagined than described. Invalid Port, pronounced by every Glen Innes connoisseur to be the very finest yet sold here, at Is lOd per quart bottle. Very fine, aged, spark ling sherry, same price. .Kindly call and taste. No charge. The Co operative Stores, Glen Innes. — 4 Caledonian Society. — The social in connection with this society, to be held in the Masonic Hall on Monday evening next, promises to be a big affair. The committee and the energetic sccre- tary (Mr. D. Muiiro) have left no stone unturned to provide for the enjoyment of their friends, and we trust their efforts will meet with success. First shipment of high-class cols now showin". — The Co-op., Glen Innes. — 5 v Death from Blood poisoning. — Mrs. Reid, the wife of Mr. J . A. Reid, fettler at Stonehenge, we regret to say, succumbed to a severe illness arising from blood-poisoning, at her residence on Monday evening. Mrs. Reid,. who was 33 years of age, had resided with her family at Stonehenge for some considerable time, where she held the position of railway gate-keeper. 'The circumstances of her death are of a very painful and distressing char acter, and much sympathy is felt for Mr. Reid and his young family (of whom there are six) in their sad affliction. T he funeral on Wednesday was a very large one, and was attended by nearly all the railway officials within a convenient distance. The remains were interred in the Glen Innes cemetery, Mr. W. Muirson officiating as undertaker. The tug Sterling has signalled to Seal Rocks to ' the effect that the Catterthun was wrecked on the outer rock or reef. 