A I S.-T O-R Y. \- I'IANSFORMIHD. Iz r.. cCucVr. OOOoWLvr. /, PART II.;1 " Then you are not acqu.intod wirtn tiar.. eaid Dexter, disappointed. A'shade poesod over his face. . No, I am not acquaintted with Celia Ad di:gtlon. I have not seen her since she was ao:,ild" replied he, in a low toune. "Bncyou saw her then I" cried Dexter, lis joy at this new bond between tnin. " You will be interested to know how lovely shu is now, and will let me talk to you about her, will you not f Showillseem nearer to me, and not so utterly lost, if I may." " Yee, yes I" said Mr. Ellison, eagerly. "Tell me all you know of her I" Then he looked searchingly at him,and huddenly held out his hand, and said earnestly, - You love her. I will do all in my power to help you unravel the mystery that separates you. " Dixter preheed his hand warmly, and found, some way, a little comfort in the words. As Mr. Ellison did not explain further in regard to his anquaintanoo with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him. But after this the talk between them was always of Ccha. The elder man seemed never weary of listening, any more than the younger was of talking.- Ent- no find a clue to the enigma of her strange de cision, "I do not believe the reason is a real one, though she, poor child, believes it to be," Mr. Ellison said many times. "I is some thing he has made her think-though what or why- " And hero he would fall into a revcrie, and a dark frown would come over his face. lie advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addington's whereabouts, if possible; and, although the young man could see no good which would result if he learned them, since Celia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his father, requesting him to find out where the Addingtone had gone if he could, or any guide to their preoset abode. Having despatched thisletter, he groew so im patient for a reply that he could hardly wait the necessary interval. As little hope as there seemed in any event the fact of knowing just where Celia was would bring her a trille nearer to him, since it wans better than nothing to be certain of. her whereabouts. He was doomed to dieap pointment, however. His father replied promptly, and stated that he had found and q icationed Mr. Addington'es lawyer, but that he said he was unuacquainted with his former client's present place of residence; that he had at first gone to New York, but had after ward moved from that city, since when all business relations had reased between them. Mr. IIrtwick added to his own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some rea son, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. "As I thought," the latter remarked, when he had read it. "Jerome Addington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following him. should you wish to do no. IIe is determined to keep you and r Celia apart. Bit do not be discouraged, my dear boy. VWe will find him out yet." "But bow 7" asked Dexter. Mr. Ellison reflected, "I think I will write to this lawyer," he re plied, at length. "It is,probable MIr. Ad dington's instructions related particularly to those who might have any oanneaston with you. If I, a stranger from a distant city, write to him, I may obtain some informsa- I tion." "And if you do ascertain where she is, I what then ?' asked Dexter, wistfully. h?Mr. Ellieosi laid his. hand on his-shoulder. hlie rs;onded kiidly : " We will be guided by circumstances. I have a plan which I will disclose when the proper time shall come. Until we have tried do notldespair." HIis assured manner made Dexter feel a little hopeful. "flow can I ever repay you if you should be the means of giving my darling back to me?" he cried with an outburst of feel tig. Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way seetmed to add to his confidence in his new friend's power. The letter was written at once, and Dexter had just dropped it into a post-office box, and was about to cross the street, when his heart euddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy thumps. flor, walking slowly aloog on the opposite side of the street, he saw Mr. Ad- 1 diugton and Celia! Neither observed him, and Dexter gazed again on that dear face from which the former warm color had gone, and could see how melancholy had changed places with the old mischievousness in her dark eyes. A horeo's head in close proximity to hie own roused hlim to a sense of his environ ments, and, stopping not to hear the curses of the driver, Dexter rushed across the street, and followed on after Celia and Mr. Adding ton, keeping, however, at a safe and cautions distance. lie heart bled at the ravages the past few months had made upon her he loved so well, and notwitbtaniding the air of devotion which waoe apparent in Mr. Ad dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the oause. But he was surprised at catchbig a look of questioning fear upon Celia's lace once when sho turned it toward Mr. Addington. lie had never before seeni anything but confi deuce and affnction in her regard. What could it mean 1 Was it a sequence of the mystery ? lie followed them until they turned into a side' street, then stood at the corner long enough to mark the house at which they entered; after which he hurried hack to Mr. Ellison's place of business, and hurriedly and somewhat incoherently informed him of what had happened. Mr. Eilison's excitement was as great as his own, but he calmed himeelt with an ellort. "Fortune has favored you, my boy," he said, with a t-nder lingering upon the last two words. " Now will you trust me and take my advice?" " Yes," weas Dexter's eager reply. " Then go-the sooner the better-and de mand of Mr. Addisngton, as your rightq, a reason foi Celia's abrupt dismissal of the man whom she promised to marry. " I will," eaid leeter, firnly, " Good. I will go with you." "You ?"' surprised. " Yes. I think I may heave some influence i with Jerome Addinlgton." Dexter felt a strength at this assurance which he had not before, although he under , stood so little lwhat he meant. That afternoon they both stood together at the door of the present home of Celia. An elderlyy woman answered their ring, whov e face indicated suspicion and ill temper. She bad been selecied to taken old Margaret's place for these very chsuructeriates. probtably, dlought Dextcr. She eyed them sullenly as she informed themc that IMr. Addnigton was tct. " We will go in and wait until he returns," said Dexter, quiletly, ntd pushed Ita way by her through the la'l open door. Mr. Ellison followed, acd they both estpped into the parlor. " Well," snarled the woman, entering after them, "perhaps I'd better send for a polheo man. You came into the house more like thieves than lhoneat men. I tell you my master is out, and I don't know when he will be in." " You can watch us, if you are afraid of oup stealing anything," Esaid hexter. " But we intend to wail here until M. Addington returns." " What's your business '" sle demanded. "Our business in with eIr. Addington," said Mr. Ellhson, calmly. The woman glared at them, muttering something, then flouncod out and left tnem. The two men axchanuged a look, hbut neither spoke. Dexter leaned agrainst thepiano, and Mr. Ellison, after walking about nervously, seated himoei - mo a tow snaur t a e.ma where he happened to stop. He had hardly done so when, Mr. Addington stepped in at the door and stopped on the threshold, his j Iase paling as his eyes fell on Daxter. The back of a large arm-chair screened Mr. Elli son from his view. "it is you, then, is it 1" said Mr. Adding ton,uas soon as he could recover himself enough to epeals. Then he carefully closed the door, and, standing before it with folded armn, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised hate,. ae he went on: " You, have some to pieisonte my niece, I suppoee. It is manly to follow and annoy a hoelpless girl I But you will find it is I with whom you will have to deal, not her." "I have not come with the purpose of per. secuting any one," returned Dexter, steadily, and not ohrinking under the gaze of the other. "It wee accident alone which brought to my knowledge the faeet of your presence in this city. But I am not satified to be dia missed as I have been without the least ex planation. I know Celia loved me even when she sent me away. For her sake-to spare her pain-I went. Dat of you I demand the reason which caused her to do as she did. I am not willing to submit without knowing all, because the happiness of my life is in volved." Mr. Addington regarded him intently with. out answering, and appeared to be debating within himsel. Filalll i?I nskýd? "YWill you be satisfied and leave us alone if I give you a full explanation 1" "If the facts justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently open. "Do not come in," he cried abruptly, buat too late. Celia had seen Dexter, and leaned against the door pale and trembling. Theru was anguish and reproach in the eyes she allowed to rest on those of her lover. HIe, no less moved, had difliculty in restraining himecif from going to her and clasping her in his arms. Mr. Addington stood irresolute, gonaw. ing his lingers. No one noticed Ellison, who still remained concealed behind the chair in his accidental occlusion. Celia was the first to break the silence. "It was cruel to ous both to come, Dexter," said she, piteously. "I told you there wase no hope. Ah I why will you make it so hard so hard?' lHer voice broke and she barst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly, " You see, young man, the misery your pre sence causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I will accede to your demand. Celia, dear, he came to insist upon knowing everything, and I now think it beet that he should." His iatone changed to gentlenese as be ad dressed her. Endeavoring to suppress her sobs. she replied,- "You wished the secret kept, and so, too did I. But 1-71I think he has a right to know." At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dex. ter. " It is a painful disclosure," he commenced with a harsh, grating sound in his tone; " I yield to its being drawn from me that she need be no longer troubled by your solicits lions. To be brief, my brother's wife, Celia's f mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which for generations had never failed in its prey. In a sane interval before her death she made me promise that her daughter should never marry, bat that the curse might and with her. You knout now why 1 tried to guard her by strict seclusion from the possibility of a love affair." , )ee,,, stoode"muLts wlth-,horror. Itr.aw-. that Celia was right; that the barrier betveen them was indeed iupassables; but worse even than that was the thought of such a fate hanging like a suspended sword abvro the head of the womeu lie loved.- He forgot Mr. Ellison, and evershing eoxept-that-remors.ef lees hand of destiny. "You understand now, Dexter, how wrong we were to love," said the plaintive voice of Celia. Her faeo was hidden in her handker chief. A stillness followed the words. "Why have you told her this story, Jerome AddingtonC' It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence, and Celia looked up se artled to see a gray head rising behind the large arm-chair. She gave a cry of surprise and fright, but surely ehe had no reason to fear the look she met, which was kind almost to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence,. looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope.. Upon Mr. Addington the iffect of this sudden up. parition of an unsuspected fourth in the in terview was etrangely marked. He started back, and then, as his eyes searched the face, recognition canme into his own, and he stared at him appalled, as if he had seen a ghost. " 1 see you remember me, although it Is many years since we have met, and I have changed much since then," said Mr. Ellison, quietly. " 1 had not intended to play tlao listener here, but, as it so happened I took advantage of the eircumstanuce. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you-would have had no reason to fear me as you do now." Mr. Addington had loot every particle of elf-ptoesession. 1e cast a fearful glance around, and his eyes were full of anguish as they rested on tbo wondering C-lia. " I thought you were dead long ago, Amos Ellion," lie stammered. ' Why have you come to interfere now? Remember your promise." " When her happieoes is at stake, that pro mise is nothing,' was the decided reply ; and Mr. Ellison came and stood in the centre of the room. " Was nst the s:acrifice all for her welfare?' he continued. " You nave made it neces?ary that sh-i should know the truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not know, unlless it is for some reason mso onstrous that I shrink from believing it." Mr. Addingtou's head dropped, and the per epiration starte-l out of iis temples. Mr. Etllieon turned from him to Celia, and con tinued in a dlTeo:st tnss, " My ch'ild, will you try and think as kindly i as possible of the rovelations I have to make I to youl lIe prepared for nareat surprise. I mu5t first esy a Ifew words about myself. I have all my life been an usfortussate ma. I grew discouraged linally, a;ld after msy dear wife disd, rathler thau allow my chili to be involved in thie faold Wsbs: seesed min'c, I gave hier to anotler-- rioch mas who could i rescue her front tile lie o[tll ?L: would hove had with aie, and give hlier the advantages I knew well I tmyself never coul obtais for her. My own feelinl;s I put aside for her oak.e, oatd bore patiently the sorrow of her los. Celia, you are tant child, nd I am your Sfathtier."' Celia east a btewildered glance arosund, and Sthen osomethig in iher heart rl~lnrtietl to the appeal in lMr. Ellieot.'s eyed, and she wesit to " I am gle:! you Ihave cueot:c to Iue, my father," ese said gently. Mr. lElison's face was tranmilt ured as le put his artus roun-l her. Sometihing of the look was rellected ill Dexter'st , who now Cseseel to Ssea glorious gIleuam of ligh breaking through Sthe cloud.. All the truth daswned upon him, as it had uot yet uposs Celia. I " I do inotl qite see hw it all is," Le sild, Safter a moluent of silence. " Yo are my fath.ier--then you mu;st be my uncle's bro ther !" r Snc loo'ed inquiringly at Mr. Addington, hut he did not speak or glance up. "Do you understa,!h, dear ' said Mer. SElli'ou. " fr. Addineton is--" " Stop I" commnouded Mr. Addington. The pupdis of his eyes dilated so that the whole t eye seemed black. "Lit nme bh the one to tell her. That right 1 wsll have. Celia have I ever been anytlhmg but hind to you?" "Never-never, dear uncle," retlied the ,astonished girl. ' Tien fo t oa o the of the affection which has ever existed between us, you gen perhaps Stry and forgive the wrong 1 have dolssi you yes, for I have done you wrong. LIsten, rCelia. Many years ago, when I was com 1 paritively a young man, I was deeivrd and betrayed by the Torman I loved, TaieosweJs me to nate ana aoeplase te whole sex. let 1 needed affection, and I took a fanoy to take some child and bring her up to be true and Saincere, as I believed other women were not. Chance threw me in the way of your father, Celia, a struggling, half frantic man, and yon became mine. " As years went on, you grew dearer and dearer to me, as a child of my own might have been. My love was pure and honeet then. But when you came back from echool, and I saw you in the beauty of your woman. hood, and knew you to be all I had hoped, roy ideal woman, then, Celia, I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved you with a Sdiffrcnt love." At theio words Celia shrank back cloce to her father, an.l covered Iher face with her hand.. She comprehended now the lookf of his which of late had surprised and frightened lier, and in her outraged feelings forgot for the moment the shadow which his revelation had ronoved. " I loved you, Celia, with the passionate love of a man who might have had the right had not you believed him to be your uncle," went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dxater with horror. " In my jealousy, I kept you r.eclud d, as I thought, from the chance of any lovrr, and I wai already planning to win you to regard me in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one tcr ri.to memnt thait ne .rcnefiplurdhogp in vain,and you loved. In my ngony Ire eolved to separati you from him at all haz. arde, and I did. I meant, when your fancy for him had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you the truth-tbat my brother's wife died insane, but wad not your mothcr, and that I loved you." Involuntarily, Celia raied her eyes, shin ing with the gladness of the few words which had momentarily blotted cut all the other., to those of her lover, that responded with th. same joy. Then she remembered Mr. Ad. dington. A shadow crosmed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then she eaid, fal teringly, "Uncle-let me call you uncle still, for 1 can never think of you otherwise-for the sake of all that has been, I forgive you the suffering that you have caused, and-and pity you." " My punishment is severe," he returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance of those words will comfort me, but now I can only remember that I havelost you. That i penance cnough for a thousand heavier Bin: than mine. Try and think of me as I was. 1 leave you to those who have the right I have foifaitcd." Giving her a last look so full of wretched ness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of the room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyed as she gazed after him. "I have no uncle now," she murmured sadly. Then she threw her arms around Mr. Elliron'd neck. "But I have found a lather 1" "And'I-am I nothing ?" asked Dexter. " You are my son now," said Mr. Edison, and placed Celia'a hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her face flushed as it had not for many a day, as Dex ter took her from her father's arms and drew her to his heart. The clouds which hung over them passed away, and the bright sun was shining. (Concluded.) Several deaf persons in a Massaohusette rural community are circulating a petition praying the Legislasure to sive them a her_ Parson-" Where's your pa;,Johnny I" SJJllu?N -" Well, I ain't coin' to lieabout it. ; Ie's been experimentin' with one of rthc?sayereplarlacllute-thlngs-l'kc"thii-naTi dropped out'n the balloon with the other day: and last time he tried usin' ma's umn brel' and come down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go an' see if he's got hold of the han.lie. Geelong mamma-" You can't toast that cheese, Dot, il's too old." LIrTL D)OT-" Well, it don't know much if it is old." "Don't know much 1" "No; jest as soon as it begins to feel the fire it jumps right into it." "Yes," said a convalescent and classic patient, "even the Greeks suffered with the ill-I-ad." " Possibly," remarked the doctor, "asyour complaint was rather odd-I-see." Nothing will put murder into a man's heart quicker than to unsuccessfully try to open a refactory car-window for a pretty girl, and have a man about two sizes bigger thin hie is, step across and open it almost without an effort. If you must do as the Romans do when you are in Rome, you should do as the Mil liners do when you are in Milan. "My dear," said a husband, gently rous ine his wife-the lady was dangerously ill "Mrs. Dellobson called a little while agoand left her love and sympathy for you. She seemed deeply afiected. " John," said the sick lady in a very weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed her eyes. " what did she have on 7" "Papa, what does E pluribus unum mean?" "It means 'one of many,' my son." " Well, papa, as you have many children, ain't Inn E nluribus unum?" Mother-" Who has been drinking the milk? Tell the truth now 1" Joun-y-" It was me. I wanted to see if it was sour." MOTHIEP-" Well, what if it w=!" Jonll-"'Why I wouldn't have drank it, Sthen." 