Dame Burden's Post Office. Dame Durden will be pleased to receive letters every week on various subjects from the young readers of the "Town and Country Journal." They may have pets she would like to hear about, have seen places or sights of interest, had narrow escapes from injury, or been nearly lost. They can tell their own hobbies and amusements, anecdotes of animals-any thing that they think may be interesting to their fellow-readers. Letters must be neatly written on one side of the paper only, and should not con tain' more than about 150 words, as they stand more chance of being published if not too long. They must bear the name, address, and age of the writer, who must not be more than 18. If preferred, only initial letters will be published. Enve- lope must be addressed, Dame Durden's Post Office, "Town and Country Journal" Office, Market-street. Cowga Station, Bogan River, Gongolgon. Dear Dame Durden,-I have been intend- ing to write to you for some, time, as you expressed a wish to hear from me again; but we had six weeks' holiday at shearing time, and that prevented me for I do not care about writing in the holidays. My brother and I went for a ride yesterday, and we brought home a porcupine. Per- haps you have never seen one, so I will describe it to you. It is a peculiar little gnawing quadruped, covered with spines of black and yellow color, just like quill toothpicks. It rolls itself into a round ball about the size of a football, and it is quite impossible to see a particle of its face or feet. We have caught some ex- cellent codfish in the Bogan River lately. A splendid one we had for lunch to-day weig- hed nineteen pounds. If you were not so far away I could send you some, that is if you would accept them.-With kind re gards, yours sincerely, James Sullivan (aged 10 years). (Shakespere draws a simile from the lit- tle animal you mention. I wonder if you ever heard the quotation. The ghost in "Hamlet" says he could tell a tale , that would make "Each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine"). :''. ' ; Tambo (QO. \ Dear Dame Durden,-My father takes the "Town and Country Journal'' every week, and then there is a rush for it. I always look for the "Children's Corner!' first. I have been thinking for months past to write lo you, but then I thought I need not write, for I wouldn't get the prize. You said in your letter that it is better to try and fail than not to try at all. ?. I have three brothers and one sis ter. Her name is Marion. I think she is. going to write to you soon. My bro thers names are; Fred/ Arthur, and Fod. Fod has a pet kangaroo, and a little kitten called Sailor. -Then we .have an old cat called Tem. He comos and sits down to the table with us, and is a blt cheeky sometimes. . He. will snatch .a piece of .meat off my. father's fork when he is putting it up to his mouth. I don't think you. have many letters from Tambo, but ..hoping'¡you will haye .more, soon,, I con* elude.-I remain, Dear Dame Durden, : ; -" Lydia Simpson, ' i Please, may I write again? , (Yes, I shall be pleased to. ligar from you agaiu.) ... > --';;...';..".;;"..'.' ,.-; ? ': "";"'-".;.. Charters Towers, Queensland. Dear Dame Durden,-This is my first letter to you, and I hope you will be pleased with it. Charters Towers is a gold min- ing place; the climate is temperate. I go to the Boys' State School, and I am in the fourth class. I have got two brothers and one sister. I am learning to play the piano, and I can play some nice pieces. I have got six pairs of doves. We have a big brown dog; his name is Prince, and he is such a faithful dog. Hoping you will be pleased with my letter.-With love from your little friend, . Russell Hawton (age 9 years). Berrigo. Dear Dame Durden,-As my sister ia writing I think I will write you one also. My father takes che "Town and Country, Journal," and we like it very much. The "Children's Corner" is very interesting. I liked that story called "That Young Rebel."" I should like to get it in a boole, so that I could read it right off. I am very fond of flowers. I have some very nice kinds of flowers this year. They are all in bloom; they look lovely. I have some beautiful ducks. I am going to try and rear some young ones, also some young turkeys and chickens. I milk four cows, and my brother John, who is 9, milks two. .We have eight poddy sheep; one of them had his leg broken, and my father set it; and oné of them we call Sam, and he often has great fun'chasing us. I think I will conclude, hoping you will excuse all mistakes, as I have, only been going to school for eight months. I must say* good-bye.-I remain, your sin cerely, ', Robert Martin (aged 13). Tambo (Q.). Dear Dame Durden,-I am going to try to win the prize this week. . I was very glad to see some of my schoolmates' names in the "Town and Country Journal," and you spoke very well of my teacher, as you said all his pupils' letters were very cre ditable. He reads out to us all the letters every week when he gets the "Town and Country Journal." Our teacher put on the blackboard four words, which Harry Worsley' got three of, and our teacher said that he was very sorry for the mail being late, as we would not be in time for the competition on the 19th. I was very sorry, too, as I might have seen my name in your columns. There has been great excite ment here lately in our quiet "little town. A man cut his throat because the horses would not pull. He was loaded with wool, and carno from Minnie7 Downs Station; on his way to Alpha. What a cowardly man he was! Dear Dame Durden, I must .now say good-bye, as I have a mile to walk to school.-Hoping that this letter will please you, I remain, Dear Dame Durden, yours truly, Peter Doyle (aged 9 years). Norwood. .'' Dear Dame Durden,-I am going to try and win "your prize again,' as I did not succeed last time. Have you had the inr fluenza? We have all had it. My auntie went for a ride on Thursday over to. a woolshed to look at the shearing, and sile brought'home such a lot pf pretty moss wood off the : pine . trees. Oh, Dame Dur den, we all had;such a disappointment to-, day. We started down to "Uncle Willie's place, and /we got about as far as two miles and we' had to turn. back; because lt started to rain, and when we got home it didn't rain once more all day. I have only, one pet to telJ you about-a little rat. My brother Alick caught it for me coming home from school. It follows me where ever I go. Well, Dame Durden-dear, I -must say good-bye no.w, as my letter is getting long.-With love from Alice Kimmorley( aged 10 years 7 months)'. Redlynch. Dear Dame Durden,-Having read so many letters in the "Children's Corner'.' of the "Town and Country Journal," I thought I would try and write you one, too. I have five brothers and three sis ters. Two of them are twins-à boy and a girl. There are four of us going to school. We have a mile and a half to walk every day to school. We have one very good dog; his name is Curlie; he is a good dog for scrub turkeys. My brother shoots a lot sometimes. I must, now draw to a close.-1 remain, your sincere well wisher, . . Elizabeth Ward (aged ll years). ... Nangus. Dear Dame/Durden,-We live; on a. sta tion called ; Nangus, /hear Gundagai; and we have a very, pretty garden ; here, with a number of fruit trees. T" have a pretty pony called Zoolrha, but it. is not brolceu in yet. Mother has such a pretty pair of black ponies to drive, in; the buggy, I have three sisters and one brother. " I must close my letter.'-I ^remain your, sincere friend, .__athel_Raven (age ip). ' 36 Burnett-street, Redfern. 1 Dear Dame Durden,-I am very fond of reading the "Children's Corner" in the 'Town and Country Journal." I go to Cleveland-street School. I am in third class in the girls' school. I like sewing. I am making a patch-work quilt for baby's cot. I am also , making a petticoat at school. I went to Como on Prince of Wales's Birthday, and gathered somp pretty flannel flowers! I once'"went to' the country for a trip. I was very much afraid of the wild magpies. In crossing tho creek on a rough log I fell in the; water and got quite wet, but. it was not very deep, or I would have, been drowned'* and then, I would not .baye, been ablento' have written you this letter, With , best wishes, I. must' say good-bye.Vl remain' , .your loving friend,. 1 ' \ [[',:?' ..¡v. Lily Ponder., (aged ll yedrs)V. f (Did you. eyer, fall in tho water and. B0f¿-. got .wefc^ --.-.-;-.. -r-*- -.V-.-*--* ; * Capella, Queensland. . Dear Dame Durden,-As my first letter ,was not satisfactory, I am going to try and do better. We bave only taken in the "Town and Country Journal" since March. My father is schoolmaster here. I have three brothers and six sisters. I am in the fifth class. We only milk two cows and twenty-two goats. We have eight sheep. My brother, who went away with sheep, lost his horse at Pine Hill, hut it has just been found. My eldest sister is 23 and my youngest 5. We have seven horses with the one at Pine Hill. The school's average is over thirty. There is a boy in our school who hardly ever misses a day in a year, but his house is very near. We have to walk about a mile and a half every, morning we go to school. -Hoping you are well, I remain, yours sincerely, \- Francis Norton (aged 12 years). Amosfield. Dear Dame Durden,-I am going to write to you at last. I have been a long time doing it. Our school teacher left here for Inverell last Friday week, and our new teacher came on the following Friday. I have got a pet Shetland foal at home, and he bites everybody he can. Father and I are breaking in a young horse now. I have three brothers and four sisters. My oldest brother is working at a store in Stanhope. I must end now.-I remain, your truly, James Knight (aged 13 years). .- 'Tambo, Barcoo (Q.). Dear Dame Durden,-I am now taking the pleasure of writing'these few lines to you, about the town I live in. Tambo is a small "town on the Barcoo, having two saddler's shops, . four Chinamen's stores, ' and two stores owned by white peeple. The only baker in the town is also a Chinaman. . The nearest station is Tambo Station, owned by Mr. ' Hamilton, and there are several others, namely Greendale and Na rada. There are four public-houses. My mother owns one, arid my brother-in law another. The nearest town is Black all, about eighty miles from Tambo. Cobb and Company run the coach to there. We have a police station, courthouse, and two schools (one the State school and the other a private one). I am attending the latter. There is also a hospital here, attended by Dr. Nicoll. My mother has a hundred head of cattle, about forty horses, and nine goats. I have three horses; one is* called Oscar, and the others are Bob and Jack. We have an old piebald horse, which is about 18 years old. He is a great family pet, having learnt the greater part of my brothers and sisters to ride. I have been' to Rockhampton twice and to Brisbane once. . I saw: some very pretty sights there. , I saw the exhibition and the races, &c;, but the thing that took my eye at the exhibition was the horse jumping. . The horse that took first prize, whose name was Spondulix, cleared six feet three inches. I remain, yours truly, Dennis G. Mulhern (aged ll years). Trongate. Dear Dame Durden,--As this is the first letter I have ever written to you, I hope it will prove interesting", . I have not any pets myself particularly to talk about, but; my bro'thers have two horses, and a dog,' which they think a great deal of. , They also had à magpie, but he died; they were .very sorry, for he was just beginning to talk; and my father also has a very nice horse. Well, dear Dame Durden, I cannot, interest you with the town I live in (Gran ville), for it is only a small place, and does not contain many places of interest, and everything does always seem so quiet.- I have three brothers and four sisters, quite a family of us ! My youngest sister is such a clever little girl, and sings very nicely, and my eldest sister is at present away from home. Well, I have never had any accidents to interest you about, but my two sisters have both had narrow escapes from drowning, but not lately. I am afraid my letter is getting rather long, so I will conclude, and if this letter should interest you I will some day write again. I remain, yours truly, x Eveline (aged 15). Northam, West Australia. Dear Dame Durden,-I have been wish ing to write to you ever since you started, and now I begin. I have three pets to tell you about-that is a dog and a cat and a parrot. The cat's name is Bridgy; her name is called that because she was found under the " bridge, and the dog's name is Nip. He is a white curly dog. One day; the parrot , went into the cupboard in the .morning, and in the afternoon when my grandma went there she found him dead. He used to: chase the fowls. I have two sisters and one brother; the eldest is Elsie, the next is Edith,- and my brother's name; is Fred. ,My papa is a builder. One day he went out in the bush and he oaught four little numpats, and three died, and one ran away. I think you are a very nice person; you seem very kind to child ren. - I live in West Australia. I only: have a little way to go to school. I must close now, hoping my letter will please you.-From one of your little letter readers, Mercy H. Hammond, (aged 10 years). 1 v Tamworth. Dear »Dame Durden,-I have often read the letters In your Post Office, and now I think I will write One myself. We have been living in Tamworth about seven months. . I like thc placo very much. We have two pet pigs, which we got when they .were only a few dáys old, and fed them ^with milk, and they follow us about like dogs, but we will have to shut them up ; soon, because they sometimes try to bite' tis. I have three brothers and eight sis .terSi Wo have two dogs as well. When we go out in the, paddocks ;they will not let the cattle near Us. J am sending down two competitions,,, and I have tried hard, and I hope I willïfwiri^witb: ono or other. My letter, is too .long, ll am afraid, so I must conclude, "with best wishes from yours truly, . ; ' ' . . . .'" Mary Porters (aged 13 years), Tweed River. Dear Dame Durden,-I did not think of writing to you before. I live four miles above the town of Murwillumbah, Tweed River. On the Tweed River nearly every body can ride, swim, and pull. I have a good pony and saddle and bridle. I ride to school in Murwillumbah every day. I am in upper fourth at school.-Yours, &c;, Thunderbolt. Mosquito Island; Hunter River. Dear Dame Durden,-I think , this is the first letter you have, received^ from Mos quito Island, and I hope it will succeed in getting a prize. Dear Dame, I will tell you a little about the place whore wc live. Our house is situated on the banks of the Hunter River, and we are about seven miles from Newcastle. My father is a farmer. I .have four brothers and one sister; but I have no pets. My youngest brother goes to school yet. He is 10 years of age, and he is a very good scholar. I think I am getting , this rather long, so I will draw to a close, with permission to write again!-I remain, yoùr friend, Lavina Gordon (aged 14 years 8 months).. 