EASTER SERVICES. On Easter Sunday seasonable services were held in nearly all of the city and suburban churches, appropriate sermons being preached and suitable music sung. ST. PETEE'S CATHEDEAt. Yesterday being Easter Sunday there were two early celebrations of holy communion at St. Peter's Cathedral in the morning, one at half-past 6 and the other an hoar later. At half-past 10 matins and choral celebration took place, the celebrant being the Bey. J. W. Omen, and the preacher the precentor (the Ber. W. S. Mine). The anthem waa "Why seek ye the living among die dead V (Hop kins). The communion service was rendered by the choir in excellent style. At each of the services there was a large number of nrnnmnnirantH. The usual catechising service was held in die afternoon. At even song there was an exceedingly large congrega tion, the cathedral being crowded long before the time forbeginning the service. Thecanticles were sung to "Mann in A flat," and the anthem was from "The Messiah" (Handel), die solo "Thou dost not leave his soul in hell" being sung carefully and with much taste by Master Pizey. This was followed by the chorus "Worthy is the Lamb," which was rendered with marked accuracy. The precentor again preached, and at the conclusion of the service die " Hallelujah" chorus (Handel) was given. Special appeals having been made for liberal offerings the collection yielded over £60. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The services at dus church on Easter Sun day were of a festive character. The holy communion was celebrated three times during the day, and about 200 persons communicated. The church organist (Mr. E. Harold Davies) composed the music for the entire choral com munion service. The choir gave a magnifirwit rendering of the mask, and great admiration was expressed for Mr. Davies's composition. During* the offertory both morning and even ing Master Ferguson eplendidlv sang- the solo from "The Messiah," "But Thou didst not leave." In the evening the choir sang die anthem, " Break forth into joy" (Bamby). The church was beautifully decorated and die large congregations present throughout die day manifested great interest in die services. ST FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL. The mantle of mourning which the Catholic Church assumes daring Holy Week is cast off on Easter Sunday, and die solemn lamenta tions of the church over the death of" our Lord give pUce to Jubilation, pompt and splendor, the. ''Gloria in ExcelsUT is sung coco more, die organ Bounds, the bells are rung, and die joyful strains of the "Alleluia" peal forth. The high altar at St. Francis Xavier'a Cathedral cm Sunday morning was -beauti fully decorated, ana the day was ob served with characteristic rejoicing. The cathedral was crowded, numbers having to stand. The Holy Sacrifice was offered by Father SlcEvoy, Father Hurley being the deacon and Father Cosgrave the sub-deacon. His Grace the Archbishop occupied the throne and was ??????*'* by the' Yen. Archpriest Kevin. The choir, which seems to have Btrengthsned in numbers, gave Haydn's No. 1 Mass, which is replete with beautiful choruses, under, die leadership of Mr. Wm. Gordon, and on the whole they gars as admirable rendering of the magnificent work. The voices were fairly well blended, though the tenors, as is die case in most choirs 'and eborjd societies were not. as strong as they might be. - Mr. jGoraon must be com plimented on the . efficiency which has been attained ~>y his choir. Ljadiam's '-'Hall dies" was given as tile offertory piece. After the gospel his Grace mounted the pulpit, ? and delivered his inaugural address. He epoke with much eloquence, nia fine voice ringing through die cathedral. The congregation were deeply impressed, and] the sermon waa.listened to with breathless interest. Dr. <f&eilly; took as his text— "This is die day which die Lard hath made; let us be glad and rejoice therein." 'He said: I —My dear brethren—lt V 3 possibly a happy omen—it is certainly a happy coincidence— that my first words to the Catholics of Ade laide should be .spoken on Easter morn.! Greetings are more pleasant in the'giving when die circumstances under which they are uttered are themselves of a pleasing character. To Catholics the great Paschal feast fe the first, of .all Christian festivals in the jubilation j which it brings. The season of fast and absti nence is over. The sombre draperies that darkened the sanctuary during Passion time have been swept asiSe, and die alter is bright with flowers and with the priestly vesture radiant in its white and gold. The last echo of the doleful "Miserflre" and 'plaintive "Lamentation" has died away in the. dis tance ; and die Bound—{he welcome sound-^of gladsome "Gloria" and exultant "Alleluia" fills die air -i??h—^ The church 'in. die text which I have given has borrowed die! language of die Psalmist; and to her saluta tion our hearts readily and fervently respond. The occasion is favorable to a speaker, and it is indeed with a mind affected to the full by I that sense of peace to which the liturgy invites us I deliver my first message £o you, the cathedral portion of my nock. '.The task allotted me is assuredly an easy one. I have but to voice the sentiments that find a place in your .hearts. God .grant that die happy accessories of die moment prove a presage of future blessings, and that with the joyousu??? attendant on die beginning of my administration the joyousness of die issue; tnay be in full accord. Angelic lips girens the' toy to the solemnities of Paschal-tide. To the j .pious women of the Gospel, it was a heavenly I messenger who spoke, "You seek Jesus, who was crucified; He is not 'here, for He is risen, | as He skid," Two short days before they had ?^pftn widi weeping eyes, the Tnfvnflfel^ Erameof Him whom they co loved and so revered laid lifeless in die grave. With His; corpse tifflir hopes, dieir loves, dieir happines? seemed for ever interred. But joy? oft come quick when sorrows have gone thick before; and the sun of the first Raster morn was already signalling its approach The straggling r-ys it shot above die liorism, as glad pledge of die coming day, were die pledge' too of light and of consolation to die troubled mourners'souls. The mystery, foretold had indeed been accomplished, bo further need to look for die Crucified amidst die. darkness end die silence of the tomb. Jesus has burst die bonds of death; He hastriumphed over the cruel grim tyranny of die crave.. Clothed with immortality He lsTwyond the teach of die inalirft of die most fiendish of his f ?wjr glorified body has entered on its beatitude With suffering and humajation and sorrow He has no more sight todo. The eternal splendors of His heavenly Father's kingdonrare now His inalienable lot and share. Jtn'its marveUous, because heaven-endowed unity, die church re cognises no distinction of clime or age. Those poor Syrian women, whose "story an in spired pen disdains not to narrate, though belonging to die first century of 'die Christian era, are, in faith and hope and charity, one ?with usAustralian Cathobos of die nineteenth age. We snare dieir sentiments, we enter into their feelings, and grieving with diem in their Borrows wepave a right to be gladdened -with diem in their joys. With them we have stood by the cross of Jesus and pandered die agony of our Master's dying throes. With them we saw Him grow taint and fainter, Bis life-blood*ebbing rapidly, until at length, with head bowed upon His sacred bosom, He gave up die ghost. With diem ire accom panied Him in spirit on His sad journey to tile sepulchre, and with quivering fips kissed die stone which marked the spot where He reposed. Associates in tribulation, we claim association, too, in peace. The hour of our mourning is over; for us, as for the holy women, the glad Easter day has dawned. A great light hath shined in die darkrtmH, and brightness and jubilation take the nlaoe of gloom and awe. He whom we loved and was dead is come to life; He who is our treasure and was lost is found. The reign of our Emmanuel has been inaugurated. Christ rules in power and majesty. Hear the herald's prophetic cry "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion. Shout for joy, O daughter of Jerusalem. Behold thy King cometh unto thee." Let hallelujahs ascend in peals of greeting as he approacheth. To the Prince of Peace, to Hun who is "God with us" be hosannas ten thousand times ten thousand fold, "This is die day which the Lord iath made; let us .be glad and rejoice, therein." With these words! began my brief address; with them it is not unmeet that I should draw that address to a close. The utterances of die Lord are utterances of might; and die senti ments which they suggest they have it in them also to evoke. May the Divine message work its fntl effects in our hearts, and in the hearts of aIL May that peace which, descending from on high, surpasseth ail understanding, fill our souls to overflowing. May the joys that throbbed in die breast of the devoted women of the Gospel on the first Easter morn thrill likewise through every nerve and fibre of our inmost souls to-day. May our present passing gladness be a prelude to the gladness that endureth. Where the Master is, there should be die household. The chil dren's place is in their fond father's home. May it be our lot, through die Redeemer's mercy, one day to join in person in the heavenly triumphs of our King. As we sing here may it, by God's goodness, be given us to sing hereafter—"Alleluia! Alleluia!; glory to the crucified and risen Saviour; Hosanna to die Son of David now and evermore." 