an Irish story; ? ' » e ? — BIO. M. Beautifully situated. iu a pleaeant valley o! Iho Wbito Knight's country, at tho foot of Iho Gaiter Mountains, waa tho oabin of Lurry Dodd and bii wife. Thoy rented a oabin and a few aores of land, which thoy cultivated with g.-cat o»re. Thoy fc'e.ro in dependent, and respected by their neighbors ; 'hoy loved eaoh other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had moro appoarance of BoiriorB boous Biicm, Larry was a hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dntoh-bullt littlo man, with a fiddle hoad and a round body, a steady-jjoing, straight-forward fellow, only when he oarried too muoh whisky ; then, it must bo confessed, he could not walk the chalked line with perfect ooouraoy. He had a moist, ruddy oountenanoe, rather inolinod to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, ha waB generally looked upon as a proper porson, notwithstanding the faot that ho had ovary day in the yoar, a sort of un holy .dew upon hia face, even in tho coldest weather, whioh gave riae to a Bupposition that Larry waa apt to indulge in strong po tations^ However, all mon of talents have their faults — indeod,' who is without them ? — and.Larry, setting aside hiB weakness, was a moat distinguished man. Ha waa a man of mixed habits, in hia i mode ot lifo, hi« drink and his oostume, ' Qis dress accorded with his oharaotor— a sort of half-and-half between farmer and horse' jockey. Ho wore a blue coat 'of ooarae oloth, with short skirts and a standing collar ; his waitooat was rod, and bis lower hsbilim«nt» were made of leather, whiob, In oiurso of time; had shrunk bo muoh that thoy fitted like a seoond skin, and long-uso had absorbed their moisture to auoh a degree that thoy made a oraokling noise as ho moved along. A hat oovered with oil skin, a whip, all worn and Jagged at the end, a pair of second-hand, or, to speak more oor reotly, second-footed, greasy top-boots, that seamed never to have seen a blaoking-brush, and .ono spur v ith a rowel, oomplotod the everyday dress of Larry Dodd. Thus equipped was Larry retnrning from Caabel, mounted on a rough- ooated and one eyed nag, though, notwithstanding theaeand a few other trifling blemishes, a woll-built animal ; having just purchased the said nag, with a faqoy tbat ho could make his own money again, and maybe tarn an odd penny more by it at the. coming Kildorry fair. L&rry;, woll pleased with himself, trotted along the road in tha lingering twilight of a lovely, June ovening, thinking of nothing at all, on|y whistling and *onderlag would horses always be so low. ' If thiy go at this rate,' said he to him lelf,' for half nothing, and that paid in buttor-buyora' notes, who would ba the fool lowalkl' ? This vary thought indeod was passing through hit mind, when hiB attention waa aroused by awoihan paoing quiokly by tho ?ido of his liorjo, and hurrying on ae if endeavoring to -each ber destination before night ttloBoa in. Her figure, considering the , long strides she took, appeared to be under tho common size— rathor of the dumpy ' order , bnt whether tbe.damscl was young, old, , fair or'bro'wn, pretty or ugly, Larry could I form no. notion, owing to the faot .of her wearing a large oloak, tha hood of whioh waa | turned up and completely oonoealed every feature. Enveloped in this mass ot dark and con cealing drapery, without' muoh exertion the vtrango woman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd's steed for some time, when hia maBter very civilly ofiaMd her a lift behind turn aa far as he wajgeinffhot way. ' Civility begets olTllity,' tbey, gas; however, he re oeived;no answer, and tUinkjai that the ,My'a silenee proceeded only tr«m bashful noso.Jiko a man of true gallantry, not a word tnors said Jjarry, urilil he pulled up by- the sido of a gib, and t^qu said ho ; I ' % iittlo girl jntt jjintp np behind me . without a word mow, Ihtfdgh never a one ibavo you spoke, and I'll tqke you safe and ' ooand through the lonesome bit o( road that j ia before us.' i She jumped at the oiler, sure enough, and Dp with her on the baok of the horso, as light aa a feather. In an instant sho was seated behind Larry, with hor hand and aim buckled ; around hia walat, holdjng on. ' I hope you're qomfortable there, i my dear!' said Larry, in his good-humored way. r-i But there was no answer, and on they I went-r-trot, trot, .trot, along the roS'd— and' f #11. Was so still that yoa might have hoard the jBOUhdb! the hoofs a milo off; there waa ; ; nothing else to beat exoept the moaning of ! a distant stream tbat kept np a oontinaed [crooning, like a nutao hushing a babe, k Larry, who' h»d a keen'oar, did not, how oyer, require op'prplouijd. a iilfnoe to detect lbs oliok pl obb Ai tho ohoop, . « 'Tis only lobta,' tbe shoe Ii,' qtid he tg bis oompahl6n,Bs thoy we're'ja/lt entering on the I lonoly bit bt road. . I Somo'old trees, with branoheB festooned I v. with ivy, grew over a darfc ptjpl ot», water, I t whioh had been formed as a drinking plaoe foi I j cattle. Hero! the horse Slide a dead halt. I and Iiariy, not knowing what'vioious trioks I bis now purchase might have, and unwilling I I that, through any odd ohanosr, tho young I | woman should get ' spilt ' injho water, die I | mounted, thinking to lead tho abimal past I the pool. II 'By tbo piper's luck, that always found I !v»hat_ ho wanted,' said'Ljury, reoollgot I , ing himself,' I've o nail in my pocket ; 'tis I J not tho first time I'vo put on a shoe, and I ! maybo it won't be the last, for here is no ? ; want o! paving stones to make hammefs in I plenty.' I No sooner was Larry ofi than off with s ? awing camo tho woman, just at his sido, Hoi I . feet touahod tho ground without making the ? least noise, and away she- bounded, likf I ' an ill- mannered croaturo as sho. was, withoul ? , Baying ' By your leave ' or no matter what ? -! el.se. She seemed to glide rather than inn, ? joot along tho road, but aoross a field. ? |®p toward tbe old ivy-aovered walls ol ? ^Kilnaslattery Ohuroh— and a pretty oburob I it was. ? : 'Not so fast, if IJypu please, younp ? woman, not so fast,' oiiod Larry, callinc ? ' aiter her. ? I But away she ran, and Larry followed, hit HI leathern garments already described ? 'crack, oraok, oraokling at every Bten he H , took. ? I ' Where's my wages ?' said Larry. ' Givt ? | mo a kiss, my girl; sure, I've earned t. ? | kiss from yoar pretty lips, and I'll bavo it. Hh. But sho went on faster and faster, regard ?I less ot these and other flattering --peeoheE ?[from hor pursuer. At last sho oamo to the ?(churchyard wall, and ttfen over with her in an ?.Instant. * u Well, .woll 1 She's a mighty smart area ? tare, anyhow I To bo stfre how 'neat she ^v'ltops. Did anyono ever see tho liko of tbat ^?beforo? But I'll not bo 'baulked by any woman that ever woro a head, or any ditob, ^^either I' exclaimed Larry, as, with adesperate bound, ho vaulted, eerambled and tumbled over tbo wall into tho ohuroh ^Byard. Up he got from tho elaBtio sad of a newly ^?mado grave, in whioh Yado Leary that ^?morning wob buried— rest his eoal I— and on ^?want Larry, stumbling over headstones and ^Bfootstones, over old graves and how graves, ^?pioces of coffins, and tho skulls and bones ^?ot dead men— tbe lord save us I— that were ^Koattered about thoro as plenty as paving ^Hatonos, floundering amid great ovorgrown ^?dock leaves and, brambles tbat, with their ^Bong, priakly arms bccamo tangled around limbs and held him baok with a fearful ^Krasp. Meantimo tbe morry woman in. tho oloak ^Bnoved through all those obstructions as ^?venly and as gaily bb if the ohurohya'd, ^?rowdod op aa il was with graves and (jravc ^Btoaes, had been tho floor ot a danoingroom ^?Round and round tho walls of the old church ^?he went. 'I'll just wait,' said Larry, seeing this ^?ind thinking it all nothing but a trick to ^?jrighten him. 'When ehe comes round ^?.gain, it 1 don't take the kisa I won't that's ^?ll; ani here ahe fa I'' ^ Larry Dodd sptiag forward with open arms and olasped in th^sa— a woman, It ia trus, but a woman without any lips lo kiss, by reason ot her* having no head I 'Murder I' cried bs, 'Well, that ao eouuts for her not speaking I' Having nttersd. these words, Larry him ?oil became dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed turned to ioe, and o dizziness osme over him, Staggoring like a drunken man, ho rollod against tho brpken window ot the ruin, horrified as tho oon viotion that ho had held a ghosftn hia em-1 braco. Whon ho returned to somothing liko a feel ing of consoiousneiss heslowly opened hts eyes, and tbon indeed a soone of wonder burst upon him. In tbo midBt of the ruin stood an old wheal ot torture ornarqented with heads. This -was plainly visible in the strange light whioh Bpread itself around. It was fearful to behold, bat Larry oould not ohoose but look, tor he was powerless through I wonder and fear. He would havo shouted tot ; help, but his tongue oleaved to the root of his mouth, and not one word oould ho say. His eyos almost started from their sookets, his breast rested on tbe thiokness of the wall, over which, on one sido, his head and out atretohod nook projected, and on the other, although one toe touobed tho ground, it do rived no support from tbonoe ; terror, as it were, kept him balanoed. Strange noises assailed hiB ears, until at last thoy tingled painfully lo the sharp elatter of little bells, whioh kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Marrowless bones rattled and olanked, and the deep and solemn sound ot a great boll came'booming on tho night wind. It was strange musio to danco by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round tho wheel Bot with skulls, wero well-dressed ladies and gootlomen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publioans, and jookeys and Jennies, but all without their heads. Larry did not know what to think. His brains wore all in a mist, and losing the balance whioh ho had so long maintained, ho fell head foremost into tho midst of the ooic* pany of ghosts. ' I'm done for and lost forever 1' roared Larry, with his heels t imed towards tho stats ; and souse 1 down ho came. ' Weloomo, Larry Dodd, welaomo !' oried evoryhoad, bobbing up and down in tho air. ' A drink for larry Dodd I' shouted thoy as with ono voiae, that quavered like a shake on tbe bagpipes. No eooner said than done. One of the number presented a brimming oup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it ofl like a man, ' 'TIb capital stuff,' bo would have said, but he got no farther than ' oap ' when de capitated was he, and his head began danoing over his shoulder. Larry, howevor, was not the first man who lost his head through the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming oup. Nothing more did he re membor clearly, for it seems body and. hoad being parted is not ' vory favorable to thought. ben his senses returned his first aot was to put hiB hand to where his bead formerly grew, and to his great joy thoro he found it still. He then, shook it gently, but hiB head remained firm enough, and, somewhat re RESiiicd by this he proceeded to open bis eyes and look around him. It was broad daylight, and in the old ohurohyard at Kilnaslattery he found himself, with his head ' upon the lap of earth,' Oould it have been an .ugly dream ? 11 Ob, no,' said Larry. ' A dream oould never havo brought be here, etretohed on the fiat of my baok, with the death's head and oross-bones tormenting me on tbe fine old tombBtone of Fat Kearney ot Kilerea— but where is the horse?' He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he had received, and wont to the pool of water, but no horse was there. ' 'Tis home I mast go,' laid Larry with a rueful oountenanoe. 'But bow will I (ace Nanov? What shall I tell hor about the horee, and the two pounds he ooBtme? 'Tie them ghostBtbat have made their own of him from me, the borse-stealing robbers of the world, tbat have no tear tor the gallows I But what's gone iB gone, that's a olear oaBe.' So saying he tamed his steps homeward, and arrived at hiB cabin about noon without encountering any further adventures. Thoro ho found Nanoy who, as ho expeotod, looked as blaokaB|a thunder-cloud at him for being out all night. She listened to hia marvellous relation whioh he gavo with exolamationB of astonishment. When he had conoludo'd, with expressions of grief at the loss ol the horse he had paid for like an honest man, ahe said : ' Bat what took you up to the old ohuroh at all, out of the road at that time of night, Larry 1' Larry looked like a criminal for whom there waB no reprieve. Ho aoratohed his head for an exouse, but not one oould he muster ap, so he knew not what to aay. ? '0 Larry, Larry,' mutterod Nanoy, alter waiting for some time for ~bis answer, ' it's talking with a girl you were — sin' you a married man I Confess the truth. I' Larry shuddered at the tempest which he peroeived was now about to break upon hia devoted head. ' Nanoy,' Baid he, ' I do confesB. It was a woman without any head — ' His wifo heard no more. ' A woman — I know it was I' oried ehe. ' But a woman without a head, Larry I Well, it is long before Nanoy Gallagher over thought it would ootne to this with her I That Bho shonld bo left desolate and alono here by hor baste of a husband for a woman without a head I 0 fathor, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are Ion to-day, tbat you don't see this aflliotion and dis graoo to your daughter that you rared decent and tender I 0;j, Larry you villain I' You'll be the death of your lawful wiio, talking with suoh vile oraythors I' ' Well,' said Larry, putting bis hands in his .coBt pockets, ' least said is Boonest mendod, 01 the young woman I know nothing; but tbiB I do known, that a woman without a hoad may well be oalled a good woman, bocauso Bbe haB no tongue I' How this remark operated on tbe matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, however, reported that Nanoy had the laslword. Mi first word to all men and boya who care to bear me is, Don't get into debt, starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing I But don't buy things you oan't pay for !— Buskin. When the song's gone out ol your life, you oan't start another whiloit's a ringing in your ears ; it's boet to have & bit ol silence, and out o' that ronybe a psalm'll aomo by and by.— Edward Garrett. The maalBtrom nttraats mora notice than the quiot fountain , a comet draws more attention than the steady star, but it is bstier to be maelstrom, and star than oomet following out the spbero and orbit of' quiet uhotulncss in which God plaoeg us. ? John HaV Affectations in any part ot our carriage is lighting up a candle to our defeota, and nevec fails' to make ub take no'tico of it, cither as wanting ssnse or sincerity; . Most people wjgfgld sucaeed in' sinali things if they were not^tro'ubted wtth great ambi ? ions.— Longfellow Whether milch cows should be fed twioe a day or three times a day is a question whioh ia agitating the dairymen in some parts ol the country. The advooaten of leading twioo a day say that all ruminating animals' should have plenty of opportunity to ohew their ouds, or olse their food will not yield them its full nourishment. 'A oow that has boen «ell fed in the morning makes her lunoh by chewing her end, and takes so muoh comfort in it that she makes more milk than she would by eating another moal at noon.' The only way to settle this question is by ?otoal experiment and oaiilol comparison ot walk. J 