CHAPTER XXVI. THE SCAR UN THE TEMPLE. Miss Herncastle had walked into Castle- ford to post a private letter ol her own. She returned as the stable clock was striking six and, as she walked up the avenue, came face to face Jwitli Sir Peter and Captain O'Donncll. The little cowardly baronet had been seized with a sudden and great fancy for the t.ill, soldierly, fearless Irishman. O'Donncll suited him exactly. He lrul not a grain of feai in his nature, he had a cool head, a steady nerue, and he was in tensely interested in Sis Peter's affair of the ghost. O'Donncll had taken it up, and promised to investigate, did not be lieve it was a ghost, and Sir Peter breath ed again. Iloth gentlemen bowed to the pal tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and locked darkly and sus- piciou-ly arter her ' Where has she been now?' lie asked, distrustfully. ' What do all these long, solitary rambles mean ? Don't you sec the likeness, O'Donnell, to the picture ol Katherine Dangerfield? You must be blind if you do not.' ' Oh, I see a certain likeness,' O'Don ncll repeated, 'but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. By-the-bye, I was ex amining the photograph with a magnify- ing-glass, and I discovered a mark or scar ot some kind on the left side of the face right above the temple. Now, had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there, or .anything of the sort.' ' The line you saw was the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms , she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times ; it wasn't very disfi ;uring, and she never tried to conceal it. A white, triangular scar, that used to turn lividly red when she got angry.' O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. ' Humph I' he said, 'a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty. By the way, you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think — a doctor, who afterwards removed to London ? Do you know if this man still lives ?' ' I know nothing about him ; but there is no reason to suppose he does not.' ' Was his christian name Henry?' 1 Yes ; Henry Otis, that was his name.' 'Was he tall, spare, light haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop?' ' Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him — yeu describe him exactly?' ' I think I have. .And she died in his house, and was buried from it, yon say ? How long after did he leave astleford for London ?' I don't remember exactly — some months, 1 think. There were people who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miserable here after her death. Sbe wa; buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then he took his mother away and went up to London.' ' He and his mother kept a servant, I suppose? Now, if the servart who lived with them at the time of Katherine Dan gerfield'.- death be still alive, it strikes me I should like to see that servant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another sub- : ject. Do you know a place some three miles from here — a dismal, lonely sort of house called Bracken Hollow ?' ' Certainly I know Bracken Hollow.' His voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half-fcarfully around. 'Who in Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is a haunted house.' ' Who lives at Bracken TIollow ?' An old woman named' Hannah Gowan. She was Katherine Danger- field's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Bracken Hollow.' ' Whew — w — w — w,! O'Donnell's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air.' ' Katherine Dangerfield's nurse. By George, that accounts' He stopped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never- ending suspicions and fears aroused. 'Accounts for what'?' O'Donnell halted in his slow walk, and laid his hand confidentially on the shoul der of the baronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. 'Sir Peter,' he said, gravely, 'a light is beginning to dawn upon me — the mys- 1 teries are lifting slowly, but I think sure ly. As certain as we both live, thi: strange nystery shall be sifted to the bottom, and the ghost ol Scars wood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, exorcised ! Now I am going away by myself to think.' And he turned and strolled off, leaving j the petrified little baronet standing under the lime trees, tiie picture'of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passe. 1 was the library ; its windows stood wide open on tbe l.iwn ; it looked, cool, and dark, and deserted — a suitable place to think in. He stepped in, let the sea-green cur tains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his brows knit in a reflective frown. The room had seemed very dark, com ing in from the glare of the sunset ; but, after five minutes, lie lifted his eyes from the carpet, and found that it was not dark. He also found that be was not alone ; the library had another occupant — that occupant Miss Herncastle — Miss Herncastle asleep. She had removed her hat — one hand | pillowed her head — her face, with the light full upon it, was turned towards him. And in her sleep she dreamed, for her brows were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slum ber than he had ever thought her awake. Who was she ? A strange woman surely — a wonderful woman , if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were right. Who was she ? An inspiration came to him — an in spiration that lifted him from his chair to his feet, that caught his breath for one breathless moment. The scar 011 Ka tii- j erine Dangerfield's temple ! He hardly knew what.® he suspected as j yet, wild, improbable, impossible things ; and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, was the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Miss Herncastle wore her lack hair nearly down to her eyebrows ; j bhat easier than now to lift one of these I wining waves, and look at the left temple shit was the side of the face uppermost, i He advanced — hesitated. Something n her helplessness, in the sacredness of sleep, appealed to his strength and his manhood, and held him back. It seemed a dastardly deed — to do while she slept what he dared not do awake. And yet it was his only chance. I ' I may he judging her cruelly, shame fully,' he thought; 'if the scar is not there, I am. For her own sake I will look.' He drew near — he stooped over the sleeping form'; very gently he lifted the black waves of hair that covered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was those bends of dead, dark hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her won derfully, made her ten times more like the portrait of the dead girl. He glanced at the temple. Good Heaven ! Yes, there was the livid triangular scar Sir Prter Danger- field had described, just above the temple. He let the hair drop — he absolulely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down at her, and then drawing a deep breath, softly left the room. # On the morning following on the dis covery made by Captain O'Donnell of the tell-tale scar 011 Miss Herncnstle's temple, that gallant officer took his way through the town of Castleford to the pleasant cottage adjoining the churchyard where in Katherine Dangerfield six years ago had died. A family named Wilson resided in the cottage at present — that much he had ascertained at his inn. They had taken pos session the very week in which Mr. Otis had left, and had been there ever since. Mrs. Wilson, a rosy little matron, answer ed the door in person, and ushered her military visitor at once into the parlour. Captain O'Donnell's business with Mrs. Wilson was very simple. He understood that the servant woman who had lived in the family of Mr. Otis six years ago was now in the servi:e of Mrs, Wilson. Could he see her a moment or two in private ? The little mistress of the cottage opened two bright brown eyes in surprise, but answered readily in the affirmative. He meant Dorcas, of course— Dorcas had come to her with the house, and Dorcas was in the kitchen at pi\ sent, and would wait upon the gentleman at once. Mrs. Wilson went and Dorcas came — a stout elderly woman, with ail intelligent face. 'I wish to obtain a few particulars con cerning the sudden death of a young lady in this house six years age,' the chasseur began, plunging into his subject at once. You remember her, of course? Her name was Katherine Dangerfield. ( To be continued) 