Baton and Buskin. The "Owls" as a mutually rccreative body are evidently increasing in popularity. At the " Hoot " held on Monday last several new members were initiated and a number of visitors admitted. Among those who contributed to the success of the evening were Bros. Fergus O'Connor, Felix MclTsquebaugh, Kenny McFadgeon, St. Patrick, Barney McSquidd, Denis McGaughren, Grrady O'Flynn, Patrick O'Shaughnessy and Jerry Fitzpannikin. Several part songs were creditably rendered by the combined company. Marriages, or in some cases entanglements with actresses, are becoming more common than ever. A very interesting breach of promise action is now proceeding in England, brought by Miss Sutherland against the Hon. Dudley Majorebanke, the son of Lord Tweedmouth. Judging from her portrait Miss Sutherland is a very handsome amiable looking girl, and the marriage bade fair to be a happy one. But the family of the young man thought otherwise. After intervening without much avail, Lady Tweedmouth whipped the Honourable Dudley off to Canada with her on a visit to her sisterin-law, Lady Aberdeen. Hence the present action. The more one thinks about the case of Wilde the more astounding does the whole thing appear. I remember well the first night of Lady Windermere's Fan, when he stood, nnconventional, insouciant, a gentleman and a scholar, despite the cigarette and the green carnation. Now as one reads of him, a prisoner, broken, beaten, tottering in the effort to steady himself in the dock, asking in a strange, ghost-of-his-former-self-like voice if he might address the judge, it is all hateful. But it should be a grand lesson to thousands. It should convince the world that Law or no Law a man must behave as a man, and not worse than a brute beast. He may call himself what he likes, a New Hedomist, a Decadent Poet or a Blithering Idiot but directly he commences to " pose" after the manner of him who is now fallen from his high intellectual and social estate, the sooner lie is taken into the street and soundly kicked the better it will be for the human race. By a curious coincidence, dramatic in the extreme, Oscar Wilde and Henry Irving were the two people most talked about on Queen's Birthday in London. The morning papers announced that the long and honourable career of Henry Irving Brodribb or Henry Brodribb Irving (no one seems to know which it is to be) had been crowned by the conspicuous honour of knighthood. In the "Extra Special" evening papers for the same date we read that Oscar Wilde had been condemned to two years hard labour for transgression of the Criminal Law Amendment Act. Only too frequently of late have the promoters of musical and dramatic entertainments given in the cause of charity, said in their hearts, " Anything will do— the money is all we want." A notable exception to this custom was the concert arranged by Mrs. Smith in conjunction with the Higlisrate Musical Society and the Fremantle Orchestral Society, for the benefit of the Sailor's Rest. A splendid audience supported the project, the attendance of the Administrator Sir Alexander Onslow and other well known people from Perth adding interest to the proceedings. The programme was initiated with the overture " Nabucodonosor," played by the Fremantle Orchestral Society, under the baton of Mr. Clifton. I do not think the band were up to their usual excellent standard this evening. The " strings " were alright but the "brass" was anything but in tune and the time in parts was very ragged. In the succeeding items considerable improvement was manifested. The feature of the evening was, however, the uniformly excellent partsinging of the Highgate Musical Sociey, efficiently conducted by Mr. Needham. In the opinion of ail capable judges present the performances of this Choir left little to be desired. Pitch was maintained throughout in a remarkable manner seeing that all the numbers were unaccompanied. Those which particularly awakened admiration and sympathy were " The sea hath its pearls," (Heine's hopeful if amorous ditty) " When evening's twilight," and the late Professor Macfarren's robust setting of " The Lass of Richmond Hill. Among the soloists were to be found Miss Kelsall, Miss Bowra, Mrs. Davies-Hazlett, and Messrs. T. C. Hill and Bridgewood. To attempt to criticise so finished an amateur as Miss Kelsall would be presumptuous on this occasion. She is ever good. Miss Bowra lias a useful, flexible mezzo of fair quality which anyone may listen to with pleasure. Mrs. Davies-Hazlett is, I believe, a stranger, and was suffering from a cold. I shall look forward to hearing her again under more favourable conditions when her dramatic sense and cultured method will be productive of the best results. Mr. Hill was not at his best. Some of his notes are good at all times but his style lacks the fervent artistic spirit demanded for the proper rendering of the love songs he usually attempts. Mr. Bridgewood relied upon the favourite " Let me like a Soldier fall," and scored a deserved encore, though he was not so successful in his second effort. Sir Alexander Onslow delivered a short address during the interval, happily eulogising Mrs. Smith and all others who in divers ways contributed to the comfort and entertainment of " Jack ashore." Altogether the concert was a marked success, and there is no doubt that a goodly sum will be placed to the credit of the « Sailors' Rest." A circus which has furnished a deal of amusement to those who delight in such things in Perth is I see, announced lor Fremantle. At time of writing, Messrs. Woodward & Lawrence, the proprietors, are unable to locate the the exact place of rendezvous, but I am informed by their manager, Mr. Pulford, that due and sufficient information will be afforded on this point before the opening day, Saturday. Some of the items on the programme are pronounced as good as anything shewn elsewhere, particularly the Double Trapeze Act of Mdlle. Oudin, a very clever young lady. 