ANOTHER SCENE. IN THE BRIGHTON COUNCIL The Brighton Council is apparent- 1 ly a family of unhappiness and dis cord. *"Scenes" are of frequent occurrence, and childish bickerings are eternal, while transparent bluff ;s a striking characteristic of all the aivic proceedings at which the public ire graciously permitted to be pre sent. How the secret deliberations are managed is not known-there may be occasional free fights or there may be blissful unanimity and celestial good wilL If a ghost were to stalk forth and disemtomb the secrets.of the star chamber the rate. payers might be surprised, either agreeably or disagreeably; but cer tainly that which we are privileged to see and hear is not edifying or creditable. The mayor and Cr Wilson indulged in a wrangle last Mionday evenig., which was absolute ly disgraceful. We are, however, bound to say that the mayor was the more to blame, because, in the first place, he dragged a speech from Cr Wilson which that gentleman was reluctant to make, and then, in the second place, he assumed an over bearing, hectoring, ard insulting attitude towards the councillor, and, in the heat of passion, appeared ob livious of the fact that he was wear ing the robes of a high civic office, and was supposed to be discharging one of the primary functions apper taining to the First Citizen in an important town. Or Wilson casually inquired if the finance committee had passed ac counts for sums of money before they were due. He was answered in the negative, and resumed his seat. The mayor insisted on Cr Wilson explaining fully what he meant. "Out with it," said His Worship; "no insinuations; let us have it straight." "\Vell," said Cr Wilson; "'I am satisfied so long as the finance com mittee give an assurance that no money will be passed in future until it is due." "Oh! oh !" cried the mayor; "no beating about the bush; make your charge, sir; make your charge." "All right," replied Cr Wilson, ' rising slowly, if you insist- -" "Oh, yes; I want it; I'll have it," exclaimed the mayor. "Well, then," continued the coun cillor, "I object to the mayoral al lowance having been paid in advance. The mayor should not have taken it until it was earned. A mayor might die or go away, or might not continue in office for his allotted -term." "The finance committee had noth ing to do with passing the mayor's allowance," observed Cr Falkingham. "Of course not," added the mayor, in a towering passion; "of course not. The council passed the money. If the council wish I will return it. It is the universal practice for mayors to take their allowance in advance. Cr Wilson's remarks are not only in bad taste, but are not worthy of a gentleman. What do I care about your £75.". The last words were uttered in a tone of withering contempt. "If you are quite done," said Cr Wilson, with assumed coolness, "I would like to continue my remarks." "Go on, go on," cried the maysr; "you are no gentleman--" "Thank you," interjected. Cr Wilson. "I am extremely obliced to you,"' continued His Worship, "You take it in the wrong spirit," observed Cr Wilson in a conciliatory tone. "I shall," said the mayor, violent ly, '-take it in the, spirit in which you usually say nasty cruel things." "Thank you, thank you," observed the connoillor.. "Your paltry .£75," muttered the mayor. "We would be getting interest on it," chiined in Cr Wilson. Ors Backhouse and Hamnilton at this stage interposed, and the mayor threatened to resign his seat on the finance committee. "t The money should not be paid un til it is earned," observed Cr Wilson. "Oh stop it," cried two or three councillors. '"Let him go on-let him go on," exclaimed His Worship; "he is in order. I don't earn the money. I'm not supposed to earn it. I sup pose if I died you would not pay the i allowance at all-is that what you Smean. I consider the attack most unfair and ungentlemanly. You are Sno gentleman :" Or Wilson now rose with all his Scottish blood arflame. "Do you consider," he cried, in tones tensioned-strained with emotion and anger; "do you consider you are conducting yourself with mayoral dignity to-night ? are you dignifying that chair i are you in a fi~t condition to.night--" Cr Backhouse rose and objected. "Let him go ahead," said the mayor; "I'll deal with him. Any thing more ?" "Yes," said Cr Wilson; "other sums of money have been paid in advance." "What are they ?' said the mayor; "let's have them." "Salaries," observed Cr Wilson,. \- After consulting the town clerk the mayor said- "The committee only authorised salaries to be paid during the holi days. There's- nothing in that. Anything else ?" After further nagging of this des cription, Cr Bent threw oil on the troubled waters by explaining the law on the point, which entitled a mayor to draw his allowance as soon as'it was voted by the council. The mayor, however, kept chippihg in with nasty remarks thrown at Cr Wilson, who had the good sense to refrain from renewing the row. A large number of new advertise ments in this issue. Tenders are invited by the Moorabbin Council in our advertisidng columns of this issue for a quantity of bluestone I slalls. 