Adventures of Dora Bell, DETECTIVE, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. XI MRS. GEORGE OORBETT, Author of " Adventures of a Lady Detoofcivc,' "The Mystery of Follemero,',' 'Behind \- the VeU,?V/&o.;,--!"fco.» i . All Queensland Rights Reserved. THE MYSTERIOUS THIEF. "Now, Miss Bell,'.' said my;unole to ma one day, "I havo a nice littlo job for you. A, oortnin Mr. Flowors, of Kito street, Oity, has bad no fowor than five different thefts from his house within thrao months. Tho thief eeema to go very cunningly about lus work, for, so far, he has proved absolutely undetect able, although tho polloo have had the matter in hand from tho first." " And of what nature are the things that have boon stolen P " I asked. " Well, their variety would be amusing, wore it not so perplexing," said Mr. Bell. "Tho first thing thut was missed was a small sorip-box, containing a recently executed will, und somo important trust deeds. Sir. Blowers, I should mention, iB a solicitor, who resides in rooms over tiro promises in whioh he carries on his business. Of course ho was in a great state about losing bucU responsible property. But not tho slightest olno to the perpetrators of the theft oould he discovered. ' If it had been my own property that had boon stolon, I would not havomindod so muoh,' said Mr. FlowcrB, ' But trust deeds 1 It is toe dreadful.'' "Various theories were promulgated as to the naiuro mid motives of tlip thief, tho most feasible one being that someone, hearing that n rolatjvo had made a will,' -had -conceived the idea that itwas inimical to his interests, and had resolved to steal it from the solicitor with wltum ho heiiaved it - to havo beon. deposited. As, howovoiv tho abstracted will was that of an old lady who had no relations or friends! who could havo oxpootod her ' money, even this theory suffered from ohjcotionB. " In a few weeks it was exploded altogether, for a second robbery took place at the hoiqiobf Mr. Flowers. This time it was the . greater purt of the Bilror plate that was missing. Ex perts wore all agreed that the thief knew tho whole (if the interior arrangements of the establishment." (Berks and servants wore all subjooted to rigid oross- questioning and watch ing, but eamo out of the ordeal wlth flying colours. Mr. Flowers, in foot, considered them nil above suspicion. But it was natural that, ' for a time, tho deteotives should hardly bo of his opinion. ; . '"Very soon robbery number three. was dis covered. Mra. liowora's watoh and chain had disappeared. Two days later three bank notes- of (510 enoh were inissing. - ' Thieso Mr. Flowers was snre lie' had first locked in a oasbbox, then inthe offioe safe. .After watobing tho depar ture of his two clerks and tho oifico boy, he carefully looked ; to tho sufety of Hid windows, to which some patent burglar I alurms had lately boon ; nttttohed, tlion ho . looked .. and : double- loOk'ed'thb ',dflloo dooiy ' taking 'all tho keys up- Btiilrs vjith ; him, mid- putting tbeiu uiider his pillo)'' ' \ v r. \- — .V" - - ', '.';Yotj strange to say,- on ontoring tho ofiloe next morning; bofpro the an-ival of his clerks, tie-fnuiid , the notes missing. All tho doors and . looksworooxaotly as he had loft tliom, yet on opening tho oashbox it was found to bo empty.. By this time, both lie nnd thoeo in his employ wero -thoroughly- soared, nud onoof tbo olorke told mo this tnorning that ho and his oolloagnes had only refrainod from giving Mr. Flowers notlno to loavo, bocauso tbey feared their, reluotanoq to stay -might he construed into, a virtual - udmission of - their own participation in tho mysterious thefts. -: . : - ,i.".This morning matters '.rehohed a olimax- when Mr;- Flows, oq, rising,; disooviired ihis owfti whtoli io havo. dtsappobred as bompletely as that of his wife's Uiid done.- I wassent fbr to see if I oould tlirow any light oh this strange affair. ;I found Mr. -Mowers looking, the picture of rago and mystification, and his olerks wore sulkliy .proceeding with their work, their expressions almost indicating; a dawning dis- ' bollef in-tho extent of tlioir employer's losses. Tho o&oo; boy steuok mo ae looking rathor jubilant. He evidently rovets in tho eenSa- tionid. . " In tho more private .part of the establish ment thjhgs looked no better. The lady of tho honSe was m hysterias, aiid the housemaid waB pneking up'heroiothes, and- knowing that if they looked hor up for it she wouldn't stop any longer in a place that was haunted. Asked if sho had eoon unything that could warrant her assertion that the house was haunted, she roplied that nothing but a ghost could take money and jewellery out of looked-up plaooe without having beon neOr the keys, the latter boing invariably found where they had: been put before the master went to bed. " I managed to persuado the housemaid into a tnoro pliant frame of mind by promising to bring her an assooiate to help in the work, and kntip tiie oook and herself company until all tho mystery had been made olear. The oook was eaeior to deal with, far she had arrived at a pltoh of unbelief that was positively amusing. " ' I'm about siok of all the fuaB and bother there has beon lately,' elie said. 'And I won'.t be worried any mbro over -it. It's my opinion that there ain't never been a single thing stole, and that' the master's trying to gat up a sensa tion all for nothing.' " " ' But where are the things, if they haven't been stolen P ' ' Tasked. : " ' Woll betwixt yoif and me, I think there ain't two ways about it. . -I've lived in families before where they was pretty hard up for ready money sometimes, and were only too ready to doit.' " 'Do what?' Why, pawn 'era, to be sure.' " ' What, pawn banknotes p ' " 'No, the bank notes haven't beon pawned. Thoro's no need of that. I expect thoy've been paid away for something- on tho quiet. Tho master wouldn't be the, first man that had secrets from his wife. ' " " ' And how about the papers P You . don't magino anybody would take them in pawn, do you?' "'Humpk. As if tlist wasn't apnrt of the bamboozleinont ! Youdoii't throw dust into my eyes too long. ' " With thin remark tiie oo'ok olenehod the conversation, and ' I must oonfeBs that my thoughts had wandorodfor sums time somowliat in tiio same direction. . ' The incredulous looks of at least one of the olerks also bore eut the oook's reasoning. Still,: if tho object was merely to bamboozle his wife, why should tho owner of tho property said to bo stolen make suoh a fuss, and go to suoh an expense to bring about an unravohhant thut eoiild but bo itiimioul to his own interests, "if ho wbro playing a double gamef The; whole oati is' as complex aiid awkward as any I have obraC oorom, and I want your help iii it." h: ;. I had listened very attentively, to nty unole'e story,, and had alreudy grained my own idea of the duties e'xpocted of me. , " You wish mo to keep a careful watoh upon all the pooplo in tho Mpwors establishment, ' while profosslug to disehargodomestioduties?" Isuggostod. ' "Preoisely," was the- answer. "Both Mr. and Mrs. Mowers upprove of the plan, and yau uro expeoted to-day." ' A few more preliminaries being settled, I prepared myself at ohcoi for my now duties, and found, ou arriving at 16 Kite street;, that I .was supposed to be a temporary .housekeepar, vice Mrs. Mowers herself, incapacitated through Iroublo and anxiety, ' ooniioqnont upon the mysterious series of robberies that had taken plaoe in the house. s 4 The poor woman's incapacity for supervising tho " daily routino of her .household was not feigned. . Sjte was realiy.so ill and upset that I advised her to put herself under the care of the family doctor, who wonld give her something to quieten hor nerves. Moanwhilo, if she would lie down and rest, I told hor, I would soo that things were bo oonduoted' in the kitohon and elsewhere, that Mr. Mowers should, miss none of his aoonstomed oomforts. It was with u sigh of satisfaction that sho yielded herself to my arrangement,' and I also found the servants eaBy to oope with, The prinoipal topio of conversation both in parlours and kltbbehs was the faolllty -with whioli it seemed possible for somebody or other to take what (hey pleased out of the house. Before bed time I had gleaned every possible item of information relating to tho mystery, aiid had formed niy theory as to the tone state of things. After offlae hours' Mr. Mowers fastened his. lower premises up' with all possifaio eare,; and as soon as I oould- do so without being observed by the Bervahte I carefully oxamined all the fastenings; and satisfied myself that tiie individual who entered, from witbout would be vek-y clover indeed. He would, , in foot, have to be of the ehndowy-nature attributed to tiio thieves by the housemaid. At twelve o'olaok evoryono in the honso, ox- oopt myself, had gone to bed. Bnt, so far from retiring to rest myself, I had resolved to keep oiirefal watoh all night, I had wrapped a thick woollen shawl round my shoulders, and stationed myself so that I commanded a full view of tho doors lending from tho various bedrooms. Lost I should be observed myself, I took advantage of a portiere whioh shrouded a recess uBod as a -wardrobe, and uiixiously kept the stairhead in sight. I um not of a nervous disposition, But ! confess thot-I felt a " woo bit eorio " as the big hall cloak ohimed tho hours and half : hours, while all also in the house was as still as doaili. It- was therefore with on intense feeling of thankfulness, that I at last saw Mr. Flowers emerge slowly and cautiously from his bed room, carrying in one hand his bunuh of keys, and in the other a lighted candle. Ho went straight downstairs, nnd, holding my very breath through fear of betraying my presence, I followod him from the bedroom floor to the drawing-room floor, thenoo further downstairs to the basement. Finally, walking with a strange rigidity which wonld have struok me as awsoina had I not conjectured its. cause, he preoeded mo into tho - cellars whioh underlay tiie whole building. A minute or two later he was opening On old disused oupboaijd, into which I buw him place two rings that ho, had brought downstairs , with him.. It was a clear case of somuambu- . lism. But I - doro not.-wako liim there and then, oonsider whutwhs i.best tb". be.'.'ddiioVriVxti'Y: hurried upstairs,' entered Mrs. -Mowors's bed room, -.find roused - hcr.from'n" hoavy-alumbor. I had soaroely suooeedod' in making hor under- stand mo wlion'wo. beard libr- husband coming ' upstairs' again.' Almost beside : herself with alaim, sho jumped out of hod, and, in spite .of niy caution, . gave a ' lond aoroam wlion . sho saw tho glassy .-and. qxrcssionlros look in her lius- bnnd's oyeB. . A moment 'later there was a somowliat wild seeno- bbtivbon the' two, for Mr. Mowers was: rudely awakened, and oould not understand my presonoa in liis bedroom at first.' Whon at last ho was mndo to ;oomprohend.tho .state of affair < -ho oxprossod himself determined to ! got to tho bottom of the mystery nt onoo. ; I rptjrod' until the pair hiid arrayed themselves morn decorously.- Tlion the ' threo -of tts ex plored: the oellar oupboard together, and, -just as I had expected, wo found all tho prooions things whioh Mr. Flowers's anxiety had oausod his' sleeping' senses to put i.n a place of safety, of whloh he had no rocolleotion.when awake. . The shook of his snddon awakening did him no harm. 1 But it ourod his somnambulistio tendencies, and there have boon no further supposed robljories from 16 Bate street. 