THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. ? +~i ? A Story of tie 'Black Country' ef ? South Staffordshire. By JEANDS GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of 'Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies,' &c.; CHAPTER I/VTn.— (ContLirued.) Mrs. Rimmon made no reply, but stared helplessly, as the men. began to remove the goods. She and Sarah fol JoTFed fhe,ijx from one apartment to ^another mechanically, ami saw -one thing after another carried out / Tihe stair carpets were up, and. roll ed, and then the men went upstairs, followed by Sarah ..and Mirs. Riminon. The first room wMeti they entered was iflnat which had been Jubal's. ' 'You can chuck that rubbish through the wandow, and some one can. catch it,' observed one of the men, eyeing *he things satirically; 'or, stop, you can pint it all in your trpuseT pocket.' He then produced a set of bed keys, and commenced to take to pieces the bed on wihich Jubai had passed many a sleeeplese nigiht. This room was soon finished off, so -was Keziam'. In Saran's the three men stood and laughed at the box which did duty for a washstand and dressing-table, in consequence of Mr. Rimmon having refused to supply any proper accommodation of that sort. .. The last room' they entered was the spare, bedroom. The bedstead in this room was of a ponderous description, and required a considerable amount of taking down. It happened that the first two waggons passed down the High-street of Jumley before this was completed. As they passed with their freight Miss Dorcas Rimmon was in the., act of displaying her latest mil linery triumph in her window; and she hearing a considerable rumble, looked out just as they were passing. Her astonishment may be imagined. Jo shua's furniture could not be mistaken. What could this mean? In a wiild state of alarm Miss Dorcas sallied forth, in a space of time so small that it did her great credit. Por tions of the ponderous bedstead were being carried downstairs when she put in an appearance at the house of Sim mon, fshe had previously looked through the windows from the outside —an easy matter in their present bare state. 'Ajin,' she cried, at the top of her parrot-like voice, 'where * are you? Come airectiy, ana reu ins wnsu. jx a' means.' The men who were carrying the por tions of bedstead downstairs appeared to be much amused. What she said could have very little in it to provoke merriment; it must have been the tone: Mrs. Rimmon was in the spare bed room; and the way was blocked by other massive portions of bedstead. She made her way, however, past the men, and showed herself on the other side of the barrier of goods. 'What's the meaning of this, Ann?' asked Miss Dorcas from the other side of the barrier. 'I'm sure I know nothing about it,' replied Mrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry. 'I suppose it's Joshua's doiugs.' 'Perhaps he's agoin' to Hostralia,' suggested one of the men. This sug gestion threw poor Mrs. Rimmon into such a paroxysm of terror that she was speechless. Besides, it appeared really to' be a most natural outcome of the selling-off of everything, even the beds from under them. Dorcas, who was pretty proof against sudden fear, could not help thinking there might be truth in the man'e suggestion. It flashed into her mind that he might be about to depart in disgrace, due in some way to those, lost papers she had had to do with; iso she was unusually silent while the remainder of the things c were removed. At length the house was shorn of every thing evcept the cooking utensils, which the men said were 'homitted in the border, likewise the kitchen table and chains,' the for mer of which they declared gratis would 'perhaps sell as hold hiron, the latter as firewood.' And when the men had finally departed, and Sarah in a kind of desperation, produced po-. tatoes, and began to peel them sav agely, Dorcas said to her sisterin law, in the tone of an executioner, 'You're ruined! it's his villainy. It's all along o' that. And I believe that enake in lie grass, Rimpler, is at the bottom of it He was always ferretin' among his affiairs.' Mrs. Rimmon cast frightened glan ces at Sarah, wao was cutting away at the potatoes, to the great eacf ifice \--f'the eatable fiortions. Sarah obr served the look; .-.? ? 'Don't mind me, missis,' said the faithful girl. 'If I hadn't known how. to keep my mouth shut, I should neyerh a' been here now.' 'Then keep your mouth shut, as you're, so much practised in it,' said Doreasi 'Thank you, miss, and the same to ' you,' retortied , Sarah, with a comical dignity, curtsying, knife and potato in hand, 'though you mayn't be as prac tised in it' as me, or master's affairs mightn't be as public as they seem to be.' 'Wher$ is Joshua?' inquired Dorcas of her gigter-in-law. ' ; 'I dori't know. .1 never do know,' replied /Mrs. Rimmonl 'I wish he'd come iiome now. I haven't wished that -&ju;& many a day.' . j . Mbs^ Rimmon in her trouble forgot herseif bo far as to make this latter remajrk, and was soon made jaware of the^act ,.-? ?-??; ' -j ? 'lou're'a pattern wife, you are, to sayj that'.' Miss Dorcas begaji. 'You ought to be ashamed of you*self— and before the servant too. If ypu'd been a / better wife, it might never have come to tins.' /'I'm «ure Tve done my bust,' said Mis. Tttimnjjon.; 'amdlt doeis seem hard. *cTbe dragged off to . AustraM^to end 'my days in a' foreign land, that it does. \f did think to 'lay ary bones where We been born and bied. Tm sure they'd never rest in foreign earth, with foreign flowers ja-growin' on them, and foreign feet i-treadin' over 'them.' 'Don't you alarm yourself}' replied Miss Dorcas spitefully. 'If Joshua is going, as I think he is, Lfs more \ than likely he's on the way. Do you think he'd want to take a thing like you with him?' Mm. /Rimmon looked as if all this coming suddenly upon her would prove too much for her feeble brain. But the faithful Sarah answered Miss Dor cas for her. 'Don't you trouble yourself to make more harm than there is,' she said. 'If so be that the missis is left, which I don't believe because you say it, she won't be a-wantin' for a home, be cause I've got hands.. I haven't stood by her all these years, to go away at the last when she wants me the wonst' And she pushed the pot of potatoes on to the fire, and then asked, in a tone any thing but cordial, if Miss Dorcas were going to stay to dinner, 'because,' she said, 'there's nothing but bacon, and it isn't very lean.' ' 'I'm going to stay to see my bro ther, if he comes,' she replied; 'and I don't want any dinner.' 'There'll be all the more left for them as do, then,' said Sarati, angrily unhanging a portion of bacon from the ceiling, and cutting savagely into it. Mrs. Rimmon sat in silence, and watched her fry the bacon and steam the potatoes, and sighed deeply from time to time. But though Sarah put the meal as temptingly as she could before her mistress, she could eat no thing; she was much too wretched for that Finding Mrs. Rimmon could not touch her dinner, Sarah made some tea for her, and went to the hens' nest and got a new-laid egg and boiled it. But this was equally unsuccessful. If Mrs. Rimmon would not eat, at the leaist poor puss must &ave; her dinner; so Sarah called her. But puss, who usually came so readily, did not put in an appearance. 'Where can the eat be? Oh, save us all,' cried Sarah, as if suddenly re collecting something, 'if those men haven't been and took fhe old cup board as stood in the passage out there, and the old cat was in it, and her new kittens. I'll go down to that sale room directly. Poor thing!' And she put on her bonnet and shawl, and rushed off, pinning the shawl as she went. When Sarah was gone, Miss Dorcas informed Mrs. Rimmon that those pa pers Joshua had lost were at the bot tom of this, and managed to make her arrive at the very verge of in sanity by the horrors she depicted as the outcome of it all. It as about 3 o'clock when Sarah re turned in possession of the poor cat and three kittens. 'Them men was brutes, and I told 'em so,' she broke out. 'They was a-settin' of her up for auction, they was, and 'er a spittin' like mad. Poor pussy,'! she added, stroking the adven turer. Half-past 4 is the usual Black Coun try tea-time; and at that hour tea was ready. Miss Dorcas had sat on, for in her own mind she believed Joshua would turn up; 'and she was not de stined to be disappointed. That gen tleman did turn up, just at that time; and his features did relax into a smile at sight of the desolate picture that met his eye as he entered by the back way. 'Oh, Joshua, Joshua!' cried Mrs. Rimmon, rising from her seat, 'why didn't you tell me that we are ruined?' 'You bestir yourselves, and help these men to bring in these things,' was the reply. The words were meaningless till Mrs. Rimmon saw with her own eyes packages passing the window, unmis takably furniture. . 'Oh, missis,' exclaimed Sarah, clap ping her hands,, 'if s such a beautiful ^hape, and we're going to new fur hisii, that's it;' and she set to work with a will to render all the assistance in her power, while her mistress, not less appalled by the arrival of the new furniture than she had been by the departure of the old, stood where she was, and watched the men strug gle in under their heavy 'weights'. 'They're not Jumley men at all,' said Sarah, explanatorily; 'they've come from London, smd they're goin' to put the carpets down as they've brought' Miss Dorcas roused herself to say, in a stately manner, 'I saw through it all the time, Ann.' After this speech she said she should just' go home now, and come up to-morrow to see how things looked, when they were a bit straight By midnight the house of Rimmon had undergone a veritable transforma tion. The household did not; how ever, retire to rest till much later; there was too much to admire. Mr. Rimmon was actually on tolerably, friendly terms with his wife, except for an occasional snub. He had had his joke, and it had succeeded ad mirably; and he had not .explained it to her. Before the next day was wer, Mr.; Rimmon actually forgot himself so far as to enlighten his : wife On the sub^ ject of the prospective palatial resi dence; au6. it would be -difficult to decide which pleased her most— the idea of the glory to come, or the fact that her lord had actually volunteered the information. CHAPTER IIX. After her mother's death and burial Madeline returned to Mr. Saltring'e without any resistance an her father's part It was agreed between her un cle and herself that she should not part suddenly from those who had be friended, her .in her sore need. More over, they determined not to be pre cipitate in letting the events which had occurred become know to their re lativfes, for Mr. Rockangkani well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action would ensure for his niece any recognition by them. Be sides the Saltrings, «nly one family was, admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers j and that «ame about in this way, . Mr. JRoekingnam had resolved to make Inquiries as to the places Pel bois had visited when he had come to Langton; and fortune so far favored Mm that it-was of Jody Waddy- he chanced to -inqnire first ' .. . ?'? . Early in the morning after his return from Manchester he looked first on the .church steps for Jody, -who was in deed Uiere, smoking his little- dirty pipe. J?e ' touched ,nis bat as the clergyman approached,; and $hen waip-, fed for Mr. Rockingham to address him: 'Hate yon seen a strange foreign looking gentleman about here iany where?' Mr. Roclringham asked. 'An' M I haven't,' responded Jody 1 olemnly looking upwards., ' may the Lord ? ' 'It's not worth swearing about. Jody,' put in the clergyman. 'It's a i plain question, and requires only a plain answer.' . 'Well then,' resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give the plain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in a wrong sense, 'he wor the darnedest fumner as ever stepped mortal earth, and he'd got the darnedest tongue ? ' 'That isn't quite what I mean,' ex plained Mr. Rockingham. 'Do you happen to know whom lie came to see?' 'It might ha' been me,' replied Jody, shaking his shaggy head, 'by the way as he called me 'my friend.' when lie ought to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, or my missis yonder, than 'im. Tve never been well sin' he wor here, and I'm feared as he wished ine ill.' 'Well, well,' said Mr. Rockingham, growing impatient under t-hi« tirade, for he felt sure he referred to Pelbois, as in a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor.' 'What was he like?'.' 'I don't know,' answered Jody. 'I couldn't abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough, I know that; an' he pulled a hat over his face, he did; an' he asked me to show 'inithe way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An', O Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of 'im; he :wor the aggravatinest fur riner ? ' Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergy man. He looked after him as he dis appeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. 'Oh!' he exclaimed, 'I thought he wanted to know about it, but it's like 'em all— -they all leave me to talk to the gliostesses. I ain't sure the ghosteses ain't better to talk to; they don't snap a man's nose off, in a answerin' of 'em, the ghosteses don't. Old Betty might but she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind; an' she couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, so I don't suppose 'er ghost can walk.' And the old man filled his dirty little pipe again. It was a habit of his to haul about a spade, as another man might have done a stick, as a mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appropriate to his office; and between his puffs be sang it now, though he hadn't the faintest nation of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best was— I've buried 'em deep an' my duty I've done. ' and one line, referring to the numbers the grave-digger of the song had buri ea, always Drougnt to uis iace an in dividual smirk. Once in singing this song at the Bull's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions— no, not com panions, for he had none, — but to one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, 'If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, an' I could 'ave the buryin' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' at the end of it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.' Mr. Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, in habited by the doctor and his family. Dr. Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because he had never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private af fairs; so he was always welcome when lie called. The tiny sitting-room was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat down on one of the chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. Tlie doctor was just starting out on his first round, but he came at once to Mr. Rockingham. 'You are just going out, I fear,' he began, 'and what I have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. Had I not better walk with you?' 'If you don't mind,' said the doe tor,: 'I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about.' The clergyman took his hat and put it on. as the sign that he was ready; and he and the doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the strag gling village behind. 'I hope you will not think,' began the clergyman, with some diffidence, 'that what I am going to say is un due interference with your affairs. If you will have the patience to hear me, you wiU see that at any rate. I am as deeply implicated as anyone can be in' the affair of which I am going to speak, and my only motive is to libe rate you, if possible, from what must be, .if my surmises are correct, a most bitter bond. A man who lias caused me the bitterest trouble my life has known is,. I find, also connected with ypur house.' The doctor's great chest heaved, and his piercing eyes caught aH the expres sion of the clergyman's face as he spoke. . 'The name of your married sister is tlie same as that of the man I have alluded, to. I have traced the man to your house.' The doctor's face became very pale. 'Wilt/you teQi me in tie same friend ly sp^it in . wihich I ask, if that man ever professed to marry your sister?' ? 'He did marry her,' replied the doc tor,, ihoarseiy. 'Can you give me the date?' 'It was February, IS—.' 'You are sure of that?' 'I nave reason enough to be sure.' 'Then,' said the clergyman, 'I am, indeed, a.messenger of good to you.' 'How can you be?' .- 'He is not your sister's hiusfoand.' 'Explain yourself.' 'He maiied my sister before that date.'' The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new mean ing in each face! Wnat a bond there is. io a,,common. sorrow! That inter cbaaoiged. look made these two men brothers. ' , 'Strange, passing strange!' said Towers. .'How. can I rejoice in your presence?., I feel as if you liad taken my place in. a prison celL All the rest is amsJl,' headded, thinking of his sis ter, 'compared with her bearing Ms name and being Ms wife. That he lias betrayed, ruined her, seems no thing to it At least she is slili mine, and need never trouble herself about Mm again.' 'How you must shave suffered,' re sponded the clergyman sadly, 'to have learnt your lesson so well! I too have had to learn that the case is less wret ched wihen a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, than when he has the right to call her has pro perty, and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbid. When I saw PeLbois ihe told me he had been somewhere after money. Have you in deed been paying 'hiTn to leave to you .what was not Ms to claim?' ''That is the whole story.' 'Then it is over, and I have beea ai messenger of good after all' 'You have indeed1; you have removed the shadow that covered our house. Death removed one; you have removedi the other. If tilings like this happen: to me, I sliaH believe there is a God of mercy after alL' Tie clergyman did not begin, as some very young curates wouM have done, to attempt to prove to this mam of sci ence lie existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Rockingham confined his present ing to the pulpit; moreover, ne was far sighted enough to see toat Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for ihe bad given one little gianoe upward, and has eyes were gwikn.miing with tears. They walked on a little farther, and1 tiie doctor said, 'You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so dose a friend by what you have done, that it cannot be wrong' in me to ask you fif your filter is beyond the reach Of that ima.Ti, 'Sbe is beyond the reach of ftist inait, ?beyond the reach of everyone. M«n. could not free her, so God did it;' and lie added, a if determined to be thor oughly frank witii This mam, wiKwn fae had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering— 'My sister had a dangtoter. SSw aa wiitb. me. So God has not left me &t-; tirely desolate.' The doctor looked imquSriogiy. 'You must guess it already. Made line is my niece; but I do not wash Hi to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer injustice at their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her rightful position.' 'Pride is a hard dictator at times,'* remarked Dr. Towers, wdth a sigh, 'That is true,' replied the vicar, 'and my family I have found as hardl as ever, even wben I took my pioor darling's remains to tiieir resting-place m the family vault But I have a' plan in my head that sb&LL; right Made line, and until then, she snail remain at Mrs. SateLng's as before, wihieh she is very willing to do.' More might have been said, but tiie doctor's time was of importamoe, and they were at the gate of the .house ihe was to visit first. ' (To be oontjnined.) 