Relief for the aceo ' poor. ' MIGHT UNEMPLOYED OF HOBART AT 2s. 6d. A DAY. There ara no so-called agitators now to awalen publie men to a sense of the obligations which are conferred upon them by virtue of the responsible positions they hold, and fortunately for hem tbe question of providing for the hungry is now passed with the winter. Jut there is still a grim fact, ghost, bogle, call it what you will, before us ' all, and it seems likely to£remain. That apparition is not the usual call to arms of tho hungry, not by any means, it is the open and apparently apathetic negleot of duty which ib so very patent ust now on the part of those who have the means to do that which is right. Not a very great deal of relief work has been asked for by the old men who should, by the right of age, be able to smoke in peace in their chimney corners. Not a great deal has been asked by tha voung and tho strong who are too proud to seek charity from those whom they do not consider worth the asking, but in every case when the appeal has gone up, how has it been met P There is no call for an answer to ouch a question.. Great pains have been, taken to advertise to the public through the medium of a dis torted presB that the Government — whioh is eo good, and so merciful, and so kind— has extended the helping hand, even to excess, for these poor persons j but when that same advertised cry hag been analysed it has been found to be very hollow indeed, for ou every side has convict labor been utilised where our poor could be relieved. There are very few persons in Hobart who will not aver that it is better to work the gaol prisoners on the roads than to keep them confined. The question is one, whioh is so self evident in answer that it need not be agaiu referred to. It is a fact that any community which adver tises crime by making its innocent peo ple familiar with the discipline and working of a gaol loses by it and daily sinks in the estimation of its neighbors. Also, by becoming' familiarised with criminals and their trays that community sinks into a state which admits of only two classes — the masters and the surfs. To such an end we are (drifting as surely and as rapidly as it is possible for a com muni ty to drift, and unless we pull np very suddenly we will get upon the rocks. It would not be well for the moneyed classes if the poor ceased to struggle, for then thele wotld not be any body left to work to keep them, and of this they are always afraid. A holder of many mortgages, a veritable £ir Giles Overreach, who dulls ao already haiy conscience, not with whiskey, but by giv ing to the name of Salvation an occasional ten pound note, can pose as a fair sample of what we may expect to come from tbe rotten tissues of the already orercharged system of unhealthy management ; but if that sort of thing gets headway there may be nothing expected in the future save oblivion. Oblivion means everything to the moneyed classes and nothing to the poor. The poor have only one anxiety— the welfare of their wives and children. The moneyed classes, aa they are called, who would own Tasmania, have one anxiety also — the aooumulation of interest. There are no family ties to trouble them and they have not any dignity tosacrifioe. But this is just a fact they would con ceal before all else, and is just a fact that they dread the world learning, The queen is tbe richest women in Europe. Any woman who would see another woman parading the streets to keep a soul within a wretched body when she ha« the means to give her relief is not a ' woman in the ordinary application of the term as we know it when we think of o -r mothers. It is for fear that eroh facts should become known that those holding the reins of power are alwayc careful to have their ' charities ' well advertised, for it is the only means they have at hand to try and snivel out some sort of an excuse for being in existence at all. The present 'lot' who have entered into an unholy alliance with each other to keep the management of affairs in their own hands are very careful in thu respect. They ' continue' to supply relief works for the poor. Only the aged men are being employed. Where can they find work t Of course there is none. Retrenchment is the order of the day in Tasmania, yet as it is a pity to see poor old men going hungry when the young ft re out of employment a fatherly Government gives them work to keep them from the charitable institution. That is thev say they give work, but if it can be seen without a microscope it is a very curious piece of work indeed. .. Down by the abbatoirs a low row of piles were once driven into the sea to reclaim a piece of land. They were not driven into aught else save the sea, otherwise they would have stood, but tbe first storm that blew washed t!n;m down and left a beach. Now theyjjo lo reclaim that land still, but in a moru s -lid fashion. Under the excuse of churity five middle age) men, three young fellows, and a gray horse and adray h ive goae to w-jrk af, half a-crown a day. History does not disclose how much they igivc the horse, but if he is to be kept pro rata God help the poor beast. Good work is being done by these ' ngi'd ' men. It is quite as effective as prison labor, but costs more. That is the trouble. Five shillings a day was once considored to be small wages for relief works, then it enme totlm-e and fourpence, and now it is half-a-crown. Oh, for the cry of the hungry ones who ? ' To work nre unable, To beg are ashamed.' when they call out for justice ; To what are we drifting ? mm to where .' People shake their heads when they hear of these things, and say what are we to do I Butter far to do nothing at all than to build on works which one day will be worth thou sands of pounds to a community of Fatmen who will in the future point to it with pride and say under their breath 'out of he poor did we build all these, out of the hungry did we mix our limo and sand I ' When the Minister of Lands aud Works said that some of the unemployed made capital roadsters he waB right, for hunger is a titern overseer. 