COUPLETS IS Tins IS&US.; |_Now Iter rromuLii.] THE MAR&HIONESS;'OFTHE FOUR CORNERS, 25\. C.&SI.HJOX.;&.I'I STOSY. G. B. BURGEN, •> ' ' . • Author of "Hit* Lordship," "A Quaker Girl,1 "Bread of Tears," &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.J \- CHAPTER I. ^ "The Marchioness" of the Four Corners vras aroused -from deep slumber by a loud fmmming on the gaol door. Her' little room opened upon the gaol jritchen. She fomidlt handy, not only fo^the sake of the additional wanntli of the lingo stove, but as being further .. . fc-way from the gaol itself, of which' she had a wholesome terror ever since a countryman of hers (" Tlio Marchioness" had first seen the * ~ tight in Middlesex, England) died suddenly on t somewhat rough scaffold in the gaol yard. •5Cho countryman in question, after killing three men with an axe, and burning two * women' to death with the powerful. aid of a kerosine lamp, pleaded hereditary insanity when brought to trial. In a new country like Canada bucIi pleas arc \- looked upou with marked disfavour; conse quently the Englishman in question had paid ' the penalty* of his crimes. In his lust; moments, however, having heard that "The Marchioness" was a countrywoman of his, and that she it , was .who prepared the delicate meals which loftcncdhis captivity, the murderer had re quested the pleasure of her company at his .♦bsequies. "The Marchioness" not daring to ^ t of use this delicate mark of appreciation, but . trembling with terror, had stood beside the " freshly-dug grovq in one corner of the gaol yard, holding a dog*s-earcd prayerbook in one band, borrowed for the occasion, and a black bordered handkerchief in the oilier, thus ade quately eyincingbor respect for "the diseased." is she ever afterwards called her countryman. Up to the time of that memorable experience, "The Marchioness," slab-footed, angular, witli watery gray eyes, narrow, sloping shoulders,- and scanty wisps of hay-colonrcd hair, had never known an clement of romance , in the twenty- one years of lier life. She had been picked up by a philanthropic society and shipped to Uaunda in. the*hope that'there .would bo a place for her in that generous, ixdple-bosomcd country. When she readied " the Four Corners, however, the general opiuion was that Canada lmd no room for so "witless a crittur." "The Marchioness" sat 011 her box at the end of the wharf. # " Oh, if you please, take me to gaol" was nil she answered* in reply. to the questioning crowd. When it ^ was found that slio had arrived at the Four * Corners in a 8 .mi-public capacity, as it were, that is, factotum and "hired girl," to cook for the gaul staff and prisoners, general com miseration was felt for the gaolers and their Iambs. "It's sorter phixiu'itlow down on the prisoners. Why, the sight of that scrawny, tallow- faced, ongalnly female oughter take 1 way what little appetite they've got left," •aid Abe Millar, as ho/watched "TheMar ihioness" disappear within the frowning gfttcs rf the gaol. "The MarchionessV? apparent insensibility ?.t the fnneral of her erring countryman (in reality she had been almost *besido herself with fright) teuded still less to win for her the liking* if Four Corner folks. She*was not sociable; ihc kept herself to herself, and, crowning -sin t£ all, never got any fatter.-on nil tho ^ood food which.she ate. During her brief holiday " The Marchioness" always strolled away into the bush in preference to mingling with tho jriddy crowd, although it w*as popularly rumoured that no mosquito would touch her, no horsefly.cast a passing glance in her direc tion. She had no friends, no aims, no ambitions, no desires save to do her work and to be left alone. She was always grimy. Hcneo her soubriquet of "Tho Marchioness" by a facetious fellow-countryman who once stayed wi(h the Presbyterian minister, and went uway "deeply depressed by the sight of her unparalleled ugliness. Polk from the back , settlements had a lurking idea that she was an Kngliah lady of high degree who was allowed to keep her title when banished to Canada by the English .Government on'account of her "homely" appearance. "Tho Marchioness" generally kept her temper. She. lost it once, however, when a denizen of the bush, wishing to ally himself with tho English aristocracy, had proposed to her to share his framchousc and generally1 desirable, if somewhat primitive, lot. After a brief cyclonic interval of impassioned reproaches from tbc lady, 'he found himself fleeing for dear life, hotly pursued by " The Marchioness" with, chopper. When called upon for an explanation of this Bersckcr fury " The Marchioness" had no explanation to offer. A blush of virgin modesty suffused her thin, sallow chocks, and sho continued chopping huct with the weapon which had so affrighted her simplo wooer. Tho general opinion was that Zeko Fergusson had been too precipitate, and that "The Marchioness" had upheld tho honour of her ancient lineage in a highly becoming,"- if somewhat cccentria, manner. For the brief space of a week there was a revulsion of public opinion in her favour, and it was during that sunny interval of popular; esteem that the Four Corners "News" alluded to her as " The fair denizen of a sunless clime who now dwelt in unobtrusive perennial use fulness within our walls." "The Mar chioness," indifferent to this dedicate compli ment, however, refused to-subscribe to the paper, and public opinion once more 'veered round and left her as before—"lieraoic, un friended, melancholy, slow." Raising herself on one elbow " Tho Mar chioness" came back to mundane things with a horrid prevision that something unusual was about to-happen. The-noise continued. And above ^hfrliammering at the door sbo recognised the deputy sheriff's steutorian tones. Hastily slipping on her gown and tying up her scanty looks with a piece of tape, " The Marchioness" entered the hall. The iron doors clanged open its Gaoler Grange came into tho corridor from tho gaol, which crossed the house in the shape of the letter T. " What is it, Marchioness r" he asked, not unkindly. "You git buck to bed agin, or there won't be any breakfast to- morrow." " Tho Marchioness" nodded inexpressively. "It's the deputy sheriff," she said. " There's somebody a-groanin' and a-moanin' 'nough to. give vou tho chills. I think there's been a iighU" "Oh, you think thar's been a fight. We'll soon S30 about that. Sure the sheriff's tliar." "Yes," said "The Marchioness," simply. " Can't you hear him swear r" This was conclusive testimony. Grange drew his revolver. "Hold tho light, Mar chioness. Maybe it's a plant to. ,rescue Tim Ilanuigan before be goes to Kingston Pepi tcntiary. Are yau game to open the door ?" "Yes," said""The Marchioness;" "they won't hurt me." She unbarred tho heavy iron door as she Spoke. " Who's tliar?" demanded the gaoler. ^ "Mc." said the sheriff. Then, with a touch of professional pride, "and Slim Pete." "The Marchioness" nearly dropped "her light as she peered oat into the darkness of the j spring night. "They've got- him," she said j to the gaoler. " Yes, #we*re got him," answered the sheriff j from the darkness. _ j A thrill of excitement ran through a,'4 The j Marchioness's" passive nature. She, peered^! into the darkness again. Three or four men ' stood round a prostrate figure, which they' essayed to lift, lint which slipped from their grasp and rolled limply back on the grass, where it lay quite stilL " , A meek white moon struggled faintly'over the (ops of the trees, and cast a flickering, un certain light on'the group. '•I'll lift his head," said the sheriff; "you take his heels, ; Wright: Jim Cass, you run over to git Doe. ; Dickinson!"' j The, men bore their limp hurden into the j hall,' zind let it slip in the some expressionless j way on the floor. Blood ran from u wound in the man's side. His handsome face was sickly white, the long black curls which bang round i making it paler than it really was. And still 1 thafthiu red stream welled up from the ivcuud j and run across the iloor. j "The Marchioness"put down the candle, j "Lift him on that sofy," die commanded, j authoritatively. * " ' ' *■ She left the hall and speedily returned with i water and s&nc; linen baudages.. •« One of the men undid Slim Pete's white shirt. "The Marchioness" gave a little gasp as she saw the gaping wound causfd by the sheriff's bowie. "Don't touch him," she said almost fiercely, as .that worthy approached to survov his work with mournful, albeit pro fessional, pride. "Leave him to .roe." Slim Pete openqd his eyes and faintly raised himself on one elbow. A shade of disappoint ment swept over his face as he saw the limp, lonn Wi)n<ti?nnMe « Wnll eliripiff." lean Marchioness. ""Well, sheriff," ho stud, good humourcdly: " got me at last ? It wasn't a fair fight in the dark." "You're so slippery,'V the sheriff said, apologetically, to his prisoner. '"I had to knife yon, Pete, or you'd have gone off again." 'The prisoner made a sign to everyone except the sheriff and '* The Marchioness" to retire. "Come Here," he said 'faintly'to the former. " Sheriff. there's no'call to—to mention names iu this little scrimmage. If £ peg out it's nil right; if I don't, you can prove yon caught me round the settlement and arrested me for shooting Timber Juke last year on sight." . "But." said the sheriff, confusedly, "how . about the gjrl ? She sent me word yon was. to meet her at Stimson's hush, aiid 1 'lowed to catch you thar." Slim Pete looked at the sheriff with a Kazy scorn in his handsome eyes. "You're dream ing, sheriff,*' he said. ^Dreaming. There's no girl in this business, so none of your darned foolishness. A nice thing it would be for any. girl afterwards if it wa"s knowu she jrivoij inc into your bloodthirsty hands." I A^ dawn of comprehension shone in the sheriff's face. He and Slim Pete had been old friends before oue beeanto sheriff and the other shot Timber Jake. Ho nodded. " All right, Pete," he said. "Thar wam't no girl there." - The other gripped liis wrist. "For sure, old mou," he said, anxiously. "For sure," answered the sheriff, following np his cue. 44 'Twos sech a dark night it mout ha' been a ghost or a dead tree I fook forStira—" 44 Shut up," said Slim Pete. " This lady here doesn't want to hear any more of your lies." " The Marchioness" nodded affirmatively, and motioned tlie sheriff to Iearc the room. As the doctor did not come, she made her patient comfortable with pillows, gave him something cooling to drink, shaded the light, and told him to go to sleep. ""What's your name?"/ asked the captive, with ax groan. " The Marchioness" struggled to remember. "Ellen Waters," she said at last. ,f TiieV call me ' The Marchiones^,'" 4 4 Permit me to thank yon, Miss Waters, for your exertions on my behalf. Is there a watch in my waistcoat ? Bring it here." "The Marchioness" brought it to him, aftcc • fumbling about among his clothes iti the semi darkness. 4' Here it is," she said, wonder ingly. * • .: " Como a little nearer," said Slim Pete. "The Marchioness" obeyed. * Slim Pete threw the long chain" of the watch over her scraggy peek. "That's for yon," he said, and sank hack unconscious. . .] "The Marchioness" felt a strange thrill of pleasure at the touch of the gold chain on her. neck jw she hastened tot revive her eccentric charge. Then she shaded the light again and lay down on the floor beside • her patient and went to sleep. ** 