| GLEANINGS FROM THE PAPERS. Great Britain's Navap Strength.—The return moved (or by Lord George Hamilton in tho House of Commons showing tho naval strength of Great Britain and other Powers, with their respective revenues and the value Of their seaborne commerce, has been issued as a Parliamentary paper. According to tho figures of the return (says the Home Newt) Englaud, with India and the colonies, has in commission 21 battleships, 5 ooast defence ironclads, 57 cruisers, and 81 other fighting ships, while iu reserve the respective numbers in these classes are 15, 14. 55, and 51. Prance, whioh comes next of European FSwere in naval Btvength, in revenue, and in value of her maritime trade, has 18 battleships in commission, four coast defence ar mourod vessels, 31 cruisers, and 24 other ships, to which " a present fighting value may i be assigned," while in reserve she has of the four classes 9, 10, IS, and 15. Omitting the last division, ib follows that France's armour clad force oompared with that of Great Britain is, roughly, as five to seven, while her oruiBers are in ratio of about two to five. The dispari ty in the seaborne commerce of the two countries, which it is a part of the duty of their navies to protect, is enormously greater, the 1 British Empire's interest afloat in the course of 1S93 being £929,039,257, while that of France in 1892—the latest year for whioh in formation is available—was £271,972,090, or a proportion of seven to two. The ratio of tonnage is, however, onormously greater, the British total being 13 times that of France. The Maiiatma Hoax.—Writing on the recent exposure of the great Mahatma hoax the World says:—"The moral of the whole sorry businees is by no means an agreeable One to contemplate. Not for the first time( we are confronted with an absolute disproof of the comfortable theory that a readiness to be imposod upon by any plausible dealer in metaphysical quaclcery is the peculiar weak ness of vulgar minde. This theosophy seems to have made no impression whatever boyond the ranks of oducatcd people. It is not a 'religion' which has commended itself to the masseB, who know nothing about it, and care less. The whole movement, with tbeoopiotis discredit attaching to it, lies at the door of persons who belong, in tho language of the police reporter, to ' a superior station in life,' and who ought now, in the same picturesque phraseology, to feel their position acutely. It seems to be considered that credulitv, like vice in the estimation of Edmund Burke, loses half its evil by losing all itB crossness. We have still nothing hut contemptuous pity for the maidservant who crosses the gipsy's grimy pel in with a piece of her hard-earned silver, and no reward but tb» gaol for the un kempt soothsayer who casts her horoscope at the area gate. Yob, above etairB, the flourish ing practitioners of more elaborate forms of paeudo-mystical jugglery were welcomed with open arms, and the Homes, the Siadee, and the Blavatskye achievo many more conquests in the saloon and the library than does the peripateticZingara in her humbler sphere of operations. It all goes to prove that civiliza tion, even at this time of dav, is powerless to | stifle that innate craving after the mysterious and tho uncanny which has still power to bind I intellect and culture to the chariot-jwheeis of I blatant imposture. Wo hear a good deal about I the materialism of the ago, the decay of superstition, the growth of a prosaic and hard-shelled cynicism in our midst. Vet thcro was, perhaps, never a time when the purveyors of all vnrietieB of fan tastic and uuorthodox supernaturalism commanded more attention or attracted more interest. The traders in 'occultism' appeal to a passion whioh will never be ex tinguished while human nature remains what it is. Credulity, in some shape or other, will survive to be played upon till the end of the obapter, even as it has existed from the be ginning. The Mahatmas may follow the 'mediums' into ths limbo of detected frauds; but new mystical impostures will still arise and flourish, for now dupes and devotees will have it so. These pitiful exposures suggest a doubt vrtiether, after all, wo arc so very much better and wiser than our ghost-fearing and witch-hunting forefathers." Bels for Two.—A good story is told of Professor Seeley, whose death is reported tc-day, and Mr. Thomas Bain. Some years ago, during a geological tour at the Cape, the Professor and Mr. Bain arrived at a small town where there was only one Btnall hostelry. On their enquiring for accommodation the,j landlord remarked—" I have only one room i vacant, and that is being, reserved for two gentlemen who will arrive to-night." " But can't you give us some place to sleep in?" "Well, if you like you can have a shake down in that outhouse." The two gentlemen accordingly entered upon the occupation of their uncomfortable quarters, where they spent a somewhat rastless night. When morning came they made tbeir way to the house.to see about breakfaet, which was awaiting them ; and as they took their seats the worthy bociface observed—"You could have had that room after all. The gentlemen who bespoke it never turned up last night." "What wore their names?" wns the natural query. Imagine thB disgust of the scientists when the landlord replied—"Seeley and Bain I think they said." Explanations and apologies. A Doctor's . Amusing Experiences.— Country doctors are to bo envied if all of them have experiences as amusingas thoso.described in the November number of the Comkill Magazine. On one occasion the doctor found an old woman toiling to hie door with a heavy load of potatoes. "Take 'em, doctor, take 'em," ehe said magnanimously. " What saith the Scripture? Cast thy potatoes I on the doctor, and thou shalt find them after j many days — maybe about Christmas I time," she added Blyly, and with obvious glee at this ingenious _ method of in surance against the privations of the winter old feggy hobbled olf. This eame old lady, when on ber deathbed, said "Bhe didn't | expect to go to heaven, but wherever ehe did go she'd put in a good word for the doctor." Another woman lost her husband. The doctor found ber tearful, but not inconsolable. "Ah, poor Jim !" Bhe said. " My good man ! Eh! I'm very grateful to you, doctor, hub it's a mercy the Lord took the case into 's own hands." An old oouple foil ill, of old age, together. The husband died, but the wife had more vitality. On the day following her husband's death she was better, and the doctor was congratulating himself on the success of hie treatment. But tho woman's point of viow was different She complained bitterly; for, as sho forcibly pointed out, " Ef ee'd lat me alone, one funeral hid a done for us two: an' look what it '11 cost now, berrying two of us separately 1" Quickitmsg Guns.—The Bubject of the need of more quick-firing guns in tile navy has naturally attracted a good deal of attention (writes the London World). There is no doubt that the battle of Yalu was won by rapidity of fire, but it has not been proved that it would not have been equally won bad the Japanese been provided with only half the number of quiok-firers they oarried, the remainder being only breeohloading guns. It is certain that in this event tliey yould have expended very much less ammunition. After the fight was over neither they nor the Chinese had more than a fsw rounds left; the Japanese because it was recklessly ex pended from the quioiAirers; the Chinese because, through the universal corruption of their publio services, they had only been supplied with a limited quantity. It is not desirable to aim at an unlimited rapidity of fire owing to the great probability of ammuni tion being wasted. Tho acceptance of the magazine rilie by the military authorities is anything bub a complete answer to this argu ment. .Tust as after n great battle, when the modern ships on both sides are all hora tic combat, the nation that possesses the largest number of useful second-rate vessels will be best off, so towards the latter end of a.fight, . when the supply of quick- firing ammunitiou is exhausted, the slower breechloaders, that will ' receive more careful aiming, will come into play with immense effect. A Test ok Hard Times.—According to a Gorman paper, a minister wished to asoertain whab influence the hard times had upon hia oongregation, and eaid at the close of hia sermon:—" I would ask every one who still is able to pay his debts to rise from his seat." The whole congregation arose, with the exception of one man. l'he parson then asked that all those who were unable o meob their bills should rise. Thereupon the aforemen tioned solitary individual got up, a hungry looking, poorly clad man, whose features revealed the terrible etruagle of one fighting hopelessly againBt the vicissitudes of this world. 'X'lie minister regarded him atten tively, yet kindly. "How iB it, my friend," he eaid, " that you are the only one among all these people who cannot pay his debts';" "Sir," answered tho man, hesitatingly, "I publish n newspaper, and these my brothers who rose just now aro all subscribers, and" But the minister interrupted him hastily, "Let us pray," bo said. Death Whilst Under Hypnotic Scgcbs Tio.v.—Dr. Bragassy, formerly Pbyeioian-in Cliief to the Vienna Society for Rendering I'ireb Aid, has (says the Pall Mall Gazettc( sent to the We tie Prtic Prcsic the following i account of the recent death of the girl Von Salaman while under hypnotic suggestion. He himself was a witness to the whole soene: —When Neukomm hypnotised this young lady she seemed very weary. Generally she was fond of tho treatment, as, beinR an invalid, she always felt better after hypnotic sleeo. | Neukomm had a brother in Werschetx who suffered from blood-spitting, the doctors so far not having agreed as to tbecauso. This was the question Neukomm proposed to settle. "We arc in Werechetz," he said, "doyou seo my brother?" "I cannot find him." He described to her thosituationof the house and rooms. " My brother iB in the third room." "Yes, yes," she said, " wo are tbcre. He iB very ill." "Then followed," says Dr. ! Bragassy, "a scene that nobody can explain,. neither doctor nor hypnotist. Fraiilein Ella knew nothing of medicine, and yet she might have been delivering a lecture on the topo graphy, pathology, and diagnosis of this illness in every particular, so perfect was her know ledge of the details." "Tell me what the end will bo?" asked Neukomm. "Prepareyour self for the worst." She then uttered a loud cry and fell lifeless from ber chair, and in a few minutes her heart had ceased to beat. She died, according to Dr. Bragassy, oi syncope. i The Newfoundland Crisis. — A paper I from at. John's,Newfoundland, dated Deoem ' bar Instates:—"deversletiialJ firms have failed in the last two days, but their liabilities are . insignificant in comparison with the huge : failures on Monday. The shareholders of . both the Union and the Commercial Banks are demanding statements, but have not yet re | ceived them. The published estimates of the ( biggest liabilities show loose methods of doing business. The members of the Government hope to be able to raise a loan ; but English financiers absolutely refuse to lend money to Newfoundland, exoept on the guarantee of the English Government, whioh will not he given unless a Royal Commission investigates the colony's affairs. The Union Bank's standing iB still hopeful. The Bank of Mon treal will establish a branch here, and this is expected to help the Union Bank." A tele gram dated December 15 says :—"The Legis lature opened to-day. The Governor in his speeoh said that he was glad to say that the Savings Banks of the colony had not been affected by the suspension of the other Banks, and that there would not be the slightest Iobs to the Savings Bank depositors. He attri- : buted tbe disaster, not topobticBorto tbcresult thereof, but to the eagerness of the mercantile community to aooumulate wealth and trade on credit. He informed the Legislature that the new Government had provided for tbe pay ment of the interest on the publio debt due in London on January 1, and that the Govern ment proposed the appointment of a Select Joint Committee to examine the condition of the Banks with the view of ascertaining the practicability of establishing a medium of circulation. He urged union and promptitude in legislation on the part of all parties." Socialists and the Peasantry.—A re markable proof bas jiiBt been given at Dortmund that the parties of order are able to beat the revolutionary agitators out of the field by hearty co-operation (says the Times). For the election of members for the Courts of Industry in that town the Anti-Socialist and Labour parties had com bined and nominated common candidates, who were elected by 1,G95 against 1,050 votes. This is doubtless indirectly duo to the example est by the miners of Essen, who have recently established a Christian Labour organization in the great coal distriata of Westphalia. The sturdy common sense of thcGerman peasantry in the country districts still continues to be no insuperable obstacle to the Socialist propa ganda. This waB publicly confessed at a recent social democratic meeting in the Saalo district, at which the spokesman declared that nothing could be attained in the country with a programme which demanded the nationalization of property. The peasantry clung with every fibre to their small proper ties, and if headway wae to bo made it was necosBary to assure the peasants that their property would not be taken from them. The Socialists must eay that they atmod only at the nationalization of the means of production, and not at the abolition of private property. Opening up China.—The following de spatch has been received from Shanghai, dated December 12:—Since the fall of Port Arthur Li Hung Chang has made a secret report to 1'ekin, in which he declares his inability to check the advance of the Japanese. Li Hung Chang deplores the want of railways, which would have enabled him to concentrate and move troops. By this means ho turns the tables on his opponents, to whose action is due the frustration of his schemes (or the con struction of n railway which would now be in valuable. Chang Choh Tung, the new Viceroy of Naukin, is displaying great activity. He has several projects of reform in view, among others one for constructing a railway to Shanghai, thereby opening up trade, with Nankin. His intention is doubtletB tc anticipate the event of the overthrow of the Pekin Government, when, bb he Beems to expect, he will be able to induce the foreigners to deal directly with him in all matters of State. The Chinese regard Chang Choh Tung as the rising star on the political horizon. China internally is at present unusually quiet, i A Long Sleep.—A dozen years Bgo (says the Pall Mall Gazelle), at a village near St. Quentin, in the Republic of France, a youDg. woman gave birth to a child. This was natural enough. Bab next day the child died. And that was nob natural enough. The police got to want to know about that demise, and transported itself to the bedside to make inquiries. It has got no answer to inquiries yet. The mother was frightened intoeolampsis on thespot to b3gin with. Then catalepsy super yeued. Since June 1, 1SS2. that catalepsy haB continued. The patient has la<n there in slmuhet—rigid, motionless, speechless, un wskeable. This is not the fault of the faculty. The faculty has done all it knows to wake her, but once only in all tbiB while have itB efforts proven even partially successful. That was when it inserted some very long electric needles into the more sensitive parts of the sleepers anatomy. Upon receipt of the needle the subject certainly did say something inar ticulate, by wAy of remonstranoe very likely. At any rate they have let her alone since then. The police have withdrawn ; the faoulty has followed. She has no bother about eating, or drinking, or dressing. She does nothing but sleep. She might do worse. Most women do. Russia and Gbjcat Britain Friendly.— The Paris aorreepondent of the Daily Neva • writes:—M. Floiirerie, immediately the lets ' Czar died, hastened to Russia. It may be "remembered that be visited that country two yean ago and wrote a book in whioh he bestowed unmeasured praise on the publto and private virtues of the Czar, and almost oalled for a orusade to destroy the maritime power of Great Britain, whioh he alleged "oppressed" all the weaker nations. Before returning this time, to fit. Petersburg, he eooepbed the post of speoial correspondent of the "Journal." His first letter published to-day shows how oompletely the tide has turned in St.' Petersburg, not againBt Franoe, but in favour of Great Britain. M. Flourens says that the deeply affeotionate relatione of the English and Russian reigning families are not to be over looked. The loving spirit in whioh the Prince and Prinoess of Wales entered into the afflic tion'of the Empress Dowager and her ■ children and" helped to bear their sorrow : went home to the Russians. It is also, says M. Flourens, certain that the Gear is not only fondly attached to bis English relatives, but that he likes England. He will be drawn towards her by sympathies and family rela tions. Certainly, he means to stand by his father's foreign policy, but that polioy must take a personal hue. The moral to be drawn from this is that a declaration of war against England is not a paeeport to the Court of St. Petersburg. M. Flourens adds to his signa ture the words."Ex-Foreign Minister." ~ Tub Xjabgkst Canal in this World.—The largest canal ever undertaken ia now being made from Chicago to connect with the Mississippi River at St. Louie, 370 miles from Lake Miobigan. This water way' will enable vessels drawing 14 ft. of water to prooeed from the Gulf of Mexioo to the Worth American lakeB quite independently of British interference or treaties. Harper'i Weekly of September 1 gave illustrations of remarkable inventions for the economical removal of rook and earth from the obannel ; of the proposed o&nal.; By our Amerioan hies we now learn that a Victorian oivil engineer, Arthur J. Mason, son of Mr. Gyrus Mason, J. P., of Melbourne, has inventsd, made, and ereoted on seotion "H" of the drainage canal en enormous excavator, desoribed by the Chicago Herald as "a machine whioh is destined to revolutionize the excavation of rook and earth." The illustration represents a huge iron lattice structure in the shape of a beat CIO ft. long (about two- thirds of the distanoe between Twanston and Elizabeth Btreets), the two ends raised 90 ft. from the surface of the ground, l'he portion of the machine designed to excavate goes beneath the surface 36 ft., making a total height of 126 ft. of maohine for digging and oarrving the earth; then dumping it over the 90 ft. raised ends far beyond the banks of the canal at the rate of 250 eubic yards an hour. As there are 1,300,000 cubic yards of earth to remove from section " H" of the oanal at a contract prioB of 28o. per oubic yard in two years, according to the Chicago Herald, and Mr, Mason's huge excavator will do the earth work at 16o. per oubio yard, the Australian Bngineer haB been able to teaoh his American DOUBin how to reduce the oost nearly one-balf. The Dangers of being a Millionaire.— Even a millionaire's lot is not a happy one. A New York correspondent tells how nearly Mr. George Gould was kidnapped for the sake of ransom. A desperate gang of men, more than one of whom was notorious throughout the Btatea for villainy of variouB sorts, formed the plot. Mr. Gould's lodge in the Catekills is fully nine miles over the mountains from Ark ville Station on the Western and Delaware Bead, and the ride to his mountain home is as dreary a journey as one could well imagine. It waB the intention of this gang to take Mr. Gauld unprepared while making the journey to his hunting lodge. There were to be seven men in oase of au emergency. One was to aooompany Mr. Gould on the train, and be prepared to bring word if the millionaire was joined by any one on the way up from New York. He was to alight unobserved at Ark villeStationaud cover the millionaire's retreat. His companions were to wait for Mr. Gould a few miles from the station. After he was taken no violenoe was to be offered him, and be was then to Bign a cheque for $100,000. I f Mr. Gould refused to giro the oheque force was to be used. This previous scheme fell through oil the arreet of the ohief artist in crime for the vulgar offence of ooining. Patuent of Mkmbehs and Election Ex penses.—The Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress, who claim to represent 1,250,000 Trades Unionists, have waited upon the Prime Minister (writes the London correspondent of the Aram on November 23) to urge the Government to make provision for the payment of members and the expanses of elections. Lord Rose bery requested to be enlightened as to their, ideas of what the minimum remu neration of a member should be. Mr. John Burns blandly replied that "beggars must not be ohooeers," but he inolined to £250 a year. Mr. Broadburat thought that £300 a year would be the lowest sum accepted, and threw out the suggestion that "rail way fares and other things" might be inoluded as in the colonies. Lord Rosebery replied that it waa a question of time and a question of money, and that the former presented the greater difficulties, as it would be neoeBsary to proceed by BiU. He promised, however, to lay the matter before the Cabinet and to give it attention when the framing of the Parliamentary programme came to be con sidered, Lord Rosebery did not think fit to reoall how some yearB ago he had impressed upon the Trades Unions in this country the valuable Ibbsods they might learn from the \- experience gained as to the working out of some politioal experiments in the oolonieB. Be inBtanoed the case oi payment of mem bers, and stated that at an Intercolonial Trades Union Congress held in Melbourne tome of the delegates had expressed them selves very oandidly in regard to the results of that experiment. He mentioned that one delegate bed declared that payment of mem bers had done nothing for the working man, and had not even produced a politioian. Another bad said that before payment was introduced the Liberals were better repre . sen bed in Parliament than since, while a third had complained that the sr-Btem had not put \- a working man !d Parliament, but had only benefited the politioal loafer. It would be seen, said Lord Rosebery on that occasion, that although in the abstract the principle seemed one against which no objection could be urged, nevertheless the practioal experi ence ot Victoria was rattier curious on that point. 