SPORTING, BY ' AWJDR9 GHOST.' MoasBosewon the Easter Handicap at Canlfleld on Scitura&y;, running tha mile in lrnln 46} sees,. Bellm was second, and Warpaint third. Menangle fell in tbe Hurdle Race at Bandwlck on Saturday. Barney tVhaUey won the Hurdle Race at Rand wick on Saturday on Roscstem. One local sportsman wiio was spending his honeymoon in Sydney, backed Barney's mount, and won a fair Etake. Rinmg Sun waa recently offered In Bemgan lor £15, but (ailed to get a buyer. How the mighty have JEal^n. Olea. torm at Morandah was too bad to be true. No doubt she will run better shortly. It is hard to see the reason why Mr Price's imposts were altered at tbe late ponv races, without even ro f erring to him. The weights altered were Little Hope nut up 21b iu the 15 bands race, aud Fuze raised 61b in the X3.3 and 11 hands races, while tVyema waa lowered 61b in the two iattei races. Al though the ponies were allowed to start at Mr Price's handicaps, partly on ascouct of tbe stir the owner of Fuze mane iu the matter, acd partly on account of Gome of the committee, but as owners always look at this sort of tbiug with an eve of suspicion, it would be only fairthnt this matter was fully inquired into, and tbe tamt whioh hangs over the dub removed. Then* Is no doubt tliat uioBt ot fhe members would liVc to know who altered the weights, vsA it is to bo hoped tlmt in the interest of fairness to those of the committee who hadn't a finger in the 'hash' and the owners of ponies, that the mattershould not he allowed to drop. I shall anxiously await farther developments. Clansman, who was disqualified after winning the Hcrdle IUoe at Morandah, U a splendid fencer, and ia endowed with & fair amount of pace, should bo worth WBtahiBE lor the hurdle races at the animal races in May. Alt. Lenehan has sent Cleirlight home, deeming it inadvisable to pentevervo with hoc. I also lieu- that Eatly Dawn, in fhe some stable, is also to be turuofl HiW.J Phillips, of Narandera, drew Bethel in Oxenharo'B con6Wtation on the Sydney Cup. Mr Evans, of Yaursbes, well known among pigeon shooter*, drew Tridentate in Adams' oonsultatlon on the Sydney Cup, having drawn four prizes within 12 months. A syndicate of 20 down Darlington Point wav, drew Brsdfur J in the same consultation. Fashion by Malna— Society, won the Flying Han dfcsp, 6} farloiigi,'a-t Mentone, on.. Tuesday, oarring oat tbe janxuey in Imin. Tsacs. Gold IHiek, winner of the tbS pony toco, ami Wonder, wlnuer of ihe hack race on ^^mZ*,. , i^iua Ooldlake us their sire. * Boh Thomas end Jack Foley have double books oa the K.T.O. Handicap ana Town Plate. Both reportgood basinaja. A local punter, who apparently knows something, £ 6t all tbe money to be bad locally about Silver Rose tar tho double— N.T.C. Handicap and Town Plate. .. £herbrooke won the Eustar and Welter Handicaps it, Cootunnnara, on Monday, Coliaigo being runner OS in the former and OthoUa in the latter. Silver Bose won the Parkea Jookey Club Town Piste on Monday, the 4nile being accomplished in Imin. 45seos. Fashion won the Easter Purse, six furlongs, at Williamstown on Monday, leaving the six furlongs behind in Imin. 18} sees. . Orient, who won the Flying Handicap and Ladies' Bog, at Yerong Creek on Monday, is by Sunrise. Waterloo won the Onkapuinka Steeplechase, Jack Sprat the HardleB, and Maroon the Onkarpur ingaOun. Salamander won the Easter Handicap and Publi oan'a Purse at Buoohworth on Monday, and Cedrlc tbe Hurdle Race. Me Prioe was ' punotual with hU imposts for the Narandera T.C. Races, and, it may be said, that he bas dono his work in a masterly manner. Owing to the want of space I am ooropelled to hold over the critique ol the various candidate's chances taj- next issue. . ? ? ' The programme of the Tirana annual races for the Slth May, appears in our advertising columns* **' *Plin nmttTI^ mMthw nf flia Wiu%n(lAMilC-vilin.Tiw*H- Football Club was held st the Criterion Hotel, oa Tuesday night. . There was a good attendance of members. After electing Messrs F. Wilson and W. Phillips, secretary and treasurer resj/eotiyelF, the meetingwasadJoumedlUl Monday evening aext. A meeting of the Corotnitteeof the unitoS Oddfel lows' sports, to be held on tho 24th May, took plaoe .at the Royal Mall Hotel, on Wednesday night, when there was a lsjqge attendance, Mr 8. Feint being in ihe cbatr. The business of the meeting was the 'drafting of a programme. *- J&e; anaualinfiet uig of tbe Narandera Union Foot* ball Club, will be held at Flood's Commercial Hotel, , io-3B-RXOw {Friday) eve&lng.; : Tha privileges in connection with the Marandera Turf Club's annual races will be disposed of at the Royal Mail Hotel ou Saturday next. , ' ' it Roseloafaud Sunflower have been soratohod f or rll nwffigoTininfai B. Felsted, when riding Annie Rooney at the Pony Races, oollided with a post and broke a small bone of bis arm. Cttkuud and Woodlands gassed through Naran dera for Hay on Wednesday. The Whittou Amateur Turf dub hold a day's noes on Friday, May Hi. 