OUR LETTER BOX. [We wish it to be distinctly understood that we do not necessarily uphold the views expressedbycorrespondents under this heading.) A SHIRE PRESIDENT QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. Smu,-If the custom of the Narracan Shire Council had been to always appoint the most suitable or the ablest councillor to the office of president, irrespective of all other considerations, it could not have done better than it did in appointing Cr. Lloyd, and the action taken by the coun. cillers who voted for him at the last council meeting would be highly com-. mendable, for Cr. Lloyd would do credit as president to a much more august body than a Narracan Shire Council. But as that council has a custom, which amounts to an unwritten law, that the office of president goes by rotation to every councillor through the three ridings, the priority to be governed by seniority, the conduct of these councillors in acting in contravention of that law assumes a very different aspect; in place of being commendable it was ill-advised-to use a very mild term. The existence of such a law was admitted by_ the several coun cillors who supported the election of Cr. Lloyd on the occasion referred to, Cr. Campbell's words were '" the senior member . . was justly entitled to the seat," and Crs. Williams and Brani gan used words of similar import. I might also say from my intimate acquam. tanco with the history of the shire from its very commencement, that their state. ments are quite correct, and I might add that whenever the practice has been departed from, as it has been now, and once or twice previously, the result has always been a feeling of bitterness between members of the council, who should always endeavor to work together harmoniously. - WVhat are the plain facts of the case 2 As it is admitted on all hands that the oficeo goes by rotation, whose turn is it this year ? I answer-It is unumistake-. ably Cr. Crisp's. It is his on two grounds -first, because he has never held it before, while his two colleagues (Cr. Lloyd and myself) have; therefore, it would be his turn now, even if he was not the senior member for the East Riding. But, in the second place, he is senior member to Cr: Lloyd; therefore, apart trom the fact that Cr. Lloyd has held the office previously, it is Cr. Crisp's now by the right of seniority, on the authority of Crs. Campbell, Branigan and Williams. The mistake those gentlemen made was in claiming seniority for Cr. Lloyd, while in point of fact Cr. Crisp is his senior at the present time. In proof of this, it is only necessary to refer to the date of their respect elections. Cr. Crisp holds his office of councillor since August, 1892; Cr Lloyd from some time about the latter end of 1893. The order of seniority for the East Riding, therefore, runs-Powell, Crisp, Lloyd. What led to the mistake no doubt, was the fact that Cr. Lloyd held office for three years before he was defeated by Cr. Crisp, but, of course, that time does not count. Even if it was counted it would not improve Cr. Lloyd's position, for he held the post of president in one of those years (albeit, out of his turn then as now). Now, there was not the ghost of a claim to be set up for Cr. Lloyd as a candidate for the presidency during the present year. Cr Crisp's claim stands unassailable. I therefore contend that Cr. Lloyd was elected presi dent on false pretences, for he was elected on the sole ground of his seniority to Cr. Crisp. while Cr. Crisn is senior to him,,, This might appear a small matter to some persons, but to Cr. Crisp it means a good deal. As the council has an un doubted legal right to appoint or reject whom it pleases, therefore whenever the council sets aside an established rule and passes over a councillor as in this case, the inference to be drawn therefrom is either that the rejected councillor is unfit for the position, or that the council has been guilty of gross favoritism. We all know that the former would be quite erroneous, for there is not a better councillor or a more straightforward and honorable man in the council than Cr. Crisp. He is also quite competent to fill the position, far more so than many we have had. He has, therefore, suffered a grievous wrong, and 1 trust that, in accordance with a suggestion made by our president when returning thanks, an opportunity will be taken in the near future to do him justice. I am quite sure Cr. Lloyd would not willingly allow -himself to be made the instrument of inflicting a wrong on any man, and he will doubtless endeavor to right this wrong. As regards the conduct of the two councillors who so warmly supported the candidature of Cr. Crisp and afterwards deserted him on the morning of the election when they found Cr. Lloyd had a majority of one, the less said the better. I could say a good deal.-Yours etc., SJ. POWELL. Narracan, 12/9/95. Lord frassey is to reach Melbourne in time for the cup. 