TRENTHAM. (IBQ•1pcE4jrwa- ootusraisni) Wednesday. At the Trentham Police Court, before Mr E-3L. mod Mesas TrewbeUa and WitBo^, XsJ^ W. TreJuui, ^Ihfwt 3Ejan and Aara (Sour were «ch fiaed lfis for "ndcrasBd praps from tin State RORET; and .'MKS Gorman was cxodlaiiy -for taking gr&m; fciinber. Janes PJantsnmraoed J?«trick Ry^u for an asnalt mmittri on tbe SStii July, and Bf«a pneeeded against Plant for ^n alleged assault. Mr Perry Bleared for and the both cases were heard to-; ge&ec.; The erideace wnit to ebow that: oti tbedate ingnestion Plant was passing through fijiai Uock wW Mjts fiyan inet told him he had no right dm; and that if herhusiMnd had beat preerat bs wonld^dback" him owr the fence. On the house just afterwards. Bju came ont and smacked h\m on the f « and bac&«f the head; tireyhad hitherto been toeodly. Mis Ryan, wife of defendant, stated that tdiintiff brought his boring CDlriirie OTor the fence, thai he called her » b thing, aad said she was liotfit to talk to. (PilchinR a paper Tip to the bench, sbe vrrlaimed : " Here is what be said' ; P-lt wntd; reminded ber that ebe was not in a rmblic bon^e bnt in a court of justioe.) Kyan wasHoed IBs, and the cross nan wss jjmaeil: John Bnckle -t S. Kewtnn, money lent, J£S. b eonseqaBnae nf a aet-off bmnc infooaal, a dismissal was pesnted, «hd l{lb6d oasts motded aftainat ftrife; A OJTTgr^eiicegae waa gnjated to SfaadeB.QgdeiL Dr Gae, I^ord Bishop of 'ilelbcmrne held • anfnutna service on Monday at St.: fiearpe's Chnrch. "Don wBreconfirmod. In the ereninya cmisermatioae was held in the • Ubdinib' 1 i all, when bis I^rd^hip gave an address, and tpoke a. few voids of en-' amjimMit to those concerned in" The chnreh woik. TheSer E. C. E&OK.; inenmbenttjf the cbnrch, presided. The members of the Girls' FHeodly SoaeJy recited a rase on the difoett letters in tbe words ' Bear ye one another's i*tindens abonta rifaw little children sang, " Slang 1he Flo were" ; after which Vliss Blandi Brrn-s presented tfrs. Gae-with a booqnet, and Hiss ^mce Bymee with the colore of the socaaty {red and r white). The choir sang eetwal fieeeB dating the evening. The following items «te also tendered Some, "" The Sitter Land,* 1 . Hiss Jean Thornton; "Only Tired." Hiss Otace Byrnes, feae'e Dnua," Hiss Smuts t ieetatianT- *'The last BjmE," Hiss Maud Byrnes. Jost below she platform m part was set aside and arranged *as a drawing room, which was nicely fitted up. ior tbe .gnast rf tin evening. At the emdumii fifth* p>«^>miu, refreshment* were handed At the local Reriaoa lCemt, J. W. Bed, cJeci -ral inspector, mentioned that all the electoral rolls ior the various divisions nnder tbe jnriadiction of the court were in accords nee with the requirements of tbe Art, and the conrt therefore certified to th^nju bang correct Every preparation is bnop made for tbe fa.T5Cy costume prooesson and concert for our local hand, which is to take place next month. X- farce entitled ~ The .Lunatic" will be given. Tbe "Trentbam Ghost" will also appear on the occasion. lust ni^rht a large gathering cf friends met at Mr D. Watson's senr., at tbe Farm" to do honor to his golden wed dine day. Mr and Mrs Watscn are looting hale and hearty. They are, I believe, ahoatt.be longest residents in thedistactwaaddnring: their residence of over 30 yeara they have won respect on every side for their generosity and tindness to all who wanted a heljnng'*aad, and this treasure has been handed down to tb?ir oSsprine, for there are no waiters in connection with church and Stmday school work who can Jay claim to a belter reoor.l than the Mi^pfi Watson. They are always wiHine and ready to help in any cause where help is required. Last night it was a pleasing adit to see all the family tiee once more under one roof, enjoying ttmoselres to tbe fnll extent of a "home"* 1 social 1 believe a large number of presents woe received. Onr local brass band marr-hed qnieUy juid played a. number of choice selections. Before leaving, tbe members of the hand, were hospiitaHy entertained. A magisterial mqniry was beld this Efti»rnoan before Hr Sorton, J P_ on the body amsn nusel James Eowite, who died suddenly on Monday at Mr TVraineys farm. T. e erjdcnpe of Wr Edward To^raev west to sh«w that he met the deceased on the Tractham road abont a month ago, and engaged bim to work. on his farm, which he did for a time, and then tnok <11, but resumed work last veeh On Sunday and Monday; however, be complained again of being unwell, and on tbe latter evening had a fainting St. Toomey west to his asastance and lifted him on to a bed, and in five minutes afterwards the mni was dead. ' James M'Dsonell, who is in Mr Toomey'e employ, gave corroborative erideoce. Tbe verdict was that deeased died bom natural causes, owing to privations, and accelerated bf serene cold contracted during the last ten days. 