IRcveltst* DIANA. (IX TWO FARTS.) ? ? PART I. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, iarge-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination d£ masculine strength and feminine beauty — not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor mn.sc aline enough be be wholly man. Her dress was half one and half t ? other. A. man's black slouch hat covered r head, and a man's black coat protected her ihotilders ; a petticoat of thick, dark staff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod teet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature B8 splendid and fiery and scornful as the scornful, fi-.-ry, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode bis back. Aa imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating wstrils, upflinging beads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana ; the horse's name was ' Satan.' Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them. Diaaa pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony-statued Centaur. Before them the sun was setting — sinking, sliding down s little and a little into the futhermost'edgel of the plain. So su!#y and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it afire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many League crystal bosom seemed struck by soma sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to the ground : it took off its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into th« west. A lizard scampered away, rattling the dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared aa straight at the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the we6t. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow : the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing. diamond -bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and , battle- ments of white- fleeced clouds, in Bilver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and. towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the brovvn dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy ( hide, and 6tole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it^- the hard lines of masculine force softened out of ? it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness ot the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was j transfigured. A broad-branched oak — the only tree for miles around — stood near ; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, - and aa he watched the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, ' Diana.' Was it the reflection of tbe sunset in her checks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear 1 She touched the rein and Satan bcunded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and Bmiting the eartb with con temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked Btowly away, taking an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with thehame of ' House/' 'See, Bill, will ye, looks likelie waswalk in' home in the shadder of his coffin, and' Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep.' The m&n;, to whom the words were ad dressed.^ tooked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softervoice than the other : : j ' Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in .one of his bad ways. JL . wouldn't , won- , !der if he'd seen that woman again. |lt's«noQgh to make one think she's a ghost {haunting' him the way he looks after he's f - *? Ha'ftt be dogoned ; Fd like to have such -a solid qmtasmagory a ha'ntin' me. jSiPV' i The one who spoke lastgot npmnd/walked out at th« hack doorto stop itbe lEaUf^ef '*§» , teU&r; ' ' -T-; jv,. s '* Wellf lEIl - be|gbiiea ; iff I was^s thin- i ^kinned^biutbther^eij|)le's^eelili'flffis some people, I'd .get me a patent outside,' mut tered Brassy. «? ThecauSe ofthe remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. V ' Shore? sign, growled Brassy, looking out as hte paB&ed; -back ' and forth, cooking supper; 'alius whittles when he's got 'em. Bum my coat, if I ain't sometimes thankful for'beih' cuticularously tough , but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them fine-haired feei in's helps a fellow out of lots ot cookin'. Who could, ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, ; or expect a youngster with- the brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes 'you so down' in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?' Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. \- ' Yes, I've seen a . .ghost.. Supper 'ieady ?' 'No, but I've gother on a-bilin',' cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would - most likely have re jected themathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. ' .Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill- and Dainty,/ my partners, nary one. of which ever recollected that grub hez to be Cooked, and nary one of which everforgitsto feel the symptoms of approach in' meal tame. But which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore .splicin* two and two, and makin* it versus a unknown quality Which is grub, I find by those figger in' that grub is the syntax oflife; in' the result of the ca'.kerlation is Brassy hez to cook it.' Brassy had to talk. If be bad not anyone else to talk to be talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child -hearted Dainty, who had been recbristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightuess of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked -when he should have said noth ing. and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong place. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tnat territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesomtness. But in a climate where the ^squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, -and the men -sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious calm of tbe breezeless night had put upon them its Bpell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove- wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thumb and forefinger, aod blew contented little puffs of 8inone away from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an eld pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. ' Bill,' said he, ' you ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood.' Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of tbe stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. He always maintained it was arainst his principles to take hints. ?' Yes, smokin' is the most continuous com fortin' amusement I know of : nothiu' like it to put a man in good sperrits, ohless it's puttin' good sperries in a man ; air stove wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It 'a palaces, an' diamondSj an' 'Kabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin'. If you're hungfj, it's a sort of soothment to the place t'e aefcin1 for victuals. If you're alone in' a h«wHvl'* wilderneB9 .it'* wife, children, and friends — theygo up in smoke, too, tme yon have 'em while they're goin' : an itkeeDS tbe female sect from ha'ntin' a ionescme bactie lor.' ? He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into a most 1 speaking frown and asked, j ' Brassy, do you know why you are not like my old kinte ?' ' j ' Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up ! sometimes. Yes. there's most always some difference between Ipeople and old knives ; i now, there's Bill ? ' Dainty jumped up and threw: away bis cigarette. . » ~ ? ? i 'Boys,' said he, ' let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat.' Brassy pocketed his pipe immediately.' ' Right, me lord, I'm yourn when its wild cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed j if he don't ? 4 He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days. they will end on the isle of St. Helena.' ' He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, j long- out-of-date song in a most unmusical I voice, and it might hare been tbe melody that made Bill 'start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which he sat ; it might have been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty- hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they weregoing they had better start. He could not bave told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him he was one of those peculiar natures that knew nameless things , by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up ' varmints,'* was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of thesheep-berders'existence, even though there were three of them, aud they herded their own flocks aud rode their own horses. It bas been said jocularly of sheepherd ing, ' It takes but three months to tnrn'the strongest brain.' The saying had a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being', endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow, day- after day, a thousand liead of bleating sheep— sheep are always bleating day after day to see the sun rise, red Knd sultry, to shine all -day tbrough a cloudlera, changeless sky on & changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering- landscape, and j sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To j near, night after night, ihe west wind — always the .west wind— blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyote, j Eight after night tbe same sounds, cay after ; day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned-toad — always follow ing round and round that thousand head of bleating sheep. The moon was high up in the sky when they reached, the timber of the xiver, which was about three miieB from the*' camp. . ?' Boys,' again said Dainty, 'Tm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night ; I feel .like something , was going to happen, and that we ought to get out ot here as quick as we can. ; -y 'Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is t^o close- to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen! Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fingered Jack's a luxuriatin' in the shadden-, ; fof r; .the -= juaderbrugh,- ; scented our money-pocket* an* layin for. us, aa it e hilled kt thie, it was sb; ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undefined feiar^ An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not is wi\& cait -Was amiable enough to tree aud: be killed, much to ' lirassy'a dia gUSUV.; ,? Tired out, they started home, r *' Listen, ;jion,t'y on hear acurious Bound T' iM of ihem'stopped and listened, but only n T-- if ?:? ^-.fr h ' v Merciful Gbdl,' €ihouted jDrasii/1 'tut foi your -lives, it's the river overflowed 1' They Sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush', and briars, and man? stumblings. - 'If we .could only Jget -tp thealoughjiust,' p anted jBrassy. ?t- ;? , The dry bed -of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a1 wall of water higher than. their heads was rolling dow;n with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from ' the river overtook them and lapped around their- feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slough,- impossible; to cross :ifc If they could, that crackling, muffled roar was too near. -They-';were between, two .floods.;. -,it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill- and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after -him. A minute later they were in tbo midst of a mile- wide waste of fast-rising .water. Be hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head ' was in the heart of the eternal snows ; before them the: slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them : it was so cold —so cold clinging; andthenightsobalinyand warm, and- tbe ^ moonlight so soft and : «o beautiful. -? Partnera,' said Brassy, ** I reckon we're eucbered this time.' ' Loots like it,' responded Bill, ' and I'm quite willing.' ' Well, then, you're tbe fust man I ever saw that vra_ ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is * easy death ; but to be drownded like a parcel o- treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, rt's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast powders, 'd melt tbe snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I've lived nl^h the river long enough to be a-lookin' out ler a thing like tuis. An' I -deserve a eoakin' fer bein* so on thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded til-e a miserable squir'l.' (PAIT II wnx APFEAB IX OTJE SEXT.) 