W.C.T.U. Auburn Branch. ANNUAL MEETING. The third annual meeting of the Anbum branch of the W.C.T.U. was held in the Cumberland Hall, Auburn, on Tuesday evening. The little hall, which had been decorated with flowers, and greenery and thetwin-devioe of the order ("Individual abstinence—State prohibition "), was crowded at tbe tea meeting, which was entered on at 6.30 p.m. Borne nine tables, provided partly by tbe branch and partly by the individual members and other friends, were laden with an appetising array of good things, and willing workera strove hard to make uU comers welcome and comfortable. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Bennett, Ward, Betts, Marshall, Eegg, Davis, Lewis, Miss Ayers, and one or two friends from tbe 1 suburbs. Mr. G. Bennett and other male helpers lent very valuable aid to ensure tbe success of their sister-workers' celebration. At 8 o'clock, the social meal having been brought to a satisfactory termination and the hall plaoed in due order for tbe publio meeting, Mrs. Nolw (Colonial President) took the chair, with her on the platform being Mrs. Ward (Superintendent), Mrs. Masterman, O.6.; Mrs. Greenstreet, R-S.; Mesdames Glassop, Wesley Watkin, Ferenbach, Miss Goodin (of Parrsmatte), Revs. E. A. Colvin and T. Bavies (Granville), Mr. G. Bennett, Mr. Rutherford, and others. After the opening hvmn and prayer, The report and balance-sheet for the year just dosed were submitted by the Secretary, Mrs. Lewis. Apologies for inability to attend were received from several leading members of the organisation (including Mrs. Bowes and Mrs. Pemell), also from the local captain Salvation Army, end other friends. Mrs. Ward, at the request of the President, delivered the first address. She showed how the W.C.T.U. had sprang out of the American Women's Crusade of nearly twenty years ago. From very small beginnings in one of tbe States of the American Union, it had now spread throughout Christendom, and the white ribbon — tbe distinguishing badge of their Order—encircled ibe world. (Cheers). There were branches in every Australian coiv»J good work was being done. Some would-be wits had represented that the initials of the organization stood for " Women Continually Troubling Us." (Laughter). Well, the members of the W.C.T.U. intended to go on " troubling " till the drink curse and other terrible social evils were wiped away. (Cheers.) Their crusade against liquor was, however, only one phase {of their work. They had adopted a " do-everything " policy—which, though it had at first alienated some, hsd been crowned with the highest success. They had their Hospital flower-Mission, their mothers* meetings, their hygienic and scientific instruction departments, their evangelistic work, their great social purity department, their cab and tram missions, and tbe Women's franchise department. She and her sister-workers recognised that they were not carrying on these great efforts in their own strength, but in the fear of God, with hearts wanned by the love of Christ, and in the power of tbe Holy Ghost. She congratulated the Auburn branch on the success of the year, and wished it and its members all prosperity. The President next spoke. She expressed her regret that the eentimnnt that the British Aug waved only in tbe cause of right, was scarcely in accordance with fact. Comparatively speaking, they might glory in the causes covered by the British flag, but with the memory of tbe Chinese opium war, and the traffic in liquor—and it bad been said that England's chief consignments to Africa consisted of "rum and missionaries"—to say nothing of other social blots under tbe British ensign, there was cause for shame. When would the Britain that bad risen to the work of the liberation of the black aUve, rise to liberate the slaves of the drink traffic? The W.C.T.U. were advancing on this line. Hey had been trying to get local option as an instalment, but so far even this nad been refused to them. The mat in temperance work had not made much headway. The time had come for tbe women of tbe world to rise and declare that the future of the race should be bud on just aad pure lines. (Cheers.) They felt that they were being called, and being used, by God to cleanse the nations. Their organisation had already grown to world-wide dimensions; and it bad been pronounced by competent authorities to be almost perfect in its manner of work. She felt tbat this drink question even more nearly concerned wives and mothers than husbands and fathers and sons. It waa even more incumbent on them—the women—to be abstainers than on men; and she believed tbat when women's power reached if the social purity question, the gambling question and other vices would be properly dealt with. She trusted the Auburn branch would yet develop into a vary large union. In an earnest appeal she called, especially, cm those who bad no liking for liquor—on those who were practically abstainers—to step over the line, aad join the ranks of the reformers. Men were their brothers' keepers! Why countenance that which wrought so maeh harm when they themselves saw no particular good in it f She complained particularly of tbe faalities which grocers' licenses afforded tosecret drinking on the part of housewives; and called on the Auburn branch to watch carefully the starting of social dubs, and to aee to the imparting of scientific tempetauce instruction. After noticing a prevalent idea that the W.C.T.U. wss largely composed of "reclaimed women," and showing that the chief workers in the organisation were women of unexceptionable character, and of acknowledged ability, animated only by tbe desire to hdp their tutors and the world at large, she eenduded by expressing the hope that Auburn would become one of the beat and purest townships in the colony. (Cheen.) The Rev. T. Danes spoke on the endeavour of the W.C.T.U. «• to beat tbe devil,''—the devil of drink, social impurity, and selfishness. It was one of the most encouraging signs of the time that women were rising to arms against social evils. (Cheers.) They were appealing to the world—-they were raising evmyaheie the cry at " For Ged and home." The cal had come to the women of Australia. Then were many who belittled their efforts, or scoffed at the idea of victory to come. Bat the time was owning when the cry "For God and parity" should ring through tbe colonies; when drink trafficker!, nodal lepers, racecourse hunting governors, and gambling legialators, and a sleeping Ghwch, should bear it! He wished the organisation God speed and all posaable sncsess. Rsv. E. A. Colvin, in his address, alluded to the fact that, on the previous Sunday, he had, in his minist erial position, spoken at length on the mien's was, with which he had all possible sympathy. He referred to the significance of the fact that their ' home for inebriate* 0)" was about to 1 be erected only a abort distance from that hall. He showed bow the W.C.T.U. had, at the instigation of an Anweiwan minister, been orgsnissd largely bwansa of the feeling tbat tbe drink corse was spreading amosig women, and how it had coma to tbe help of the TVemperaaoe cause at a critical The field of activity for women which it had opened up was wonderful—it had never seemed to exist before; but it had brought in the wesson's era. Speaking as examiner on behalf of tbe Children's Scientific Instruction competitions, he-expressed regret that aofar Auburn had not been represented ; and hoped this would sooa be remedied To keep the people from tbe drink, and the drink bota the Mgle was the daal task before them, aad in oa*B name he widud them success. (Cheers). During the evening tbe following proitnaae was rendered with much success: . Piiao aad violin selection. Miss Taylor and Miss Greatrex: song, •• Tbe Englishman," etta; aoog, His wipes the tear," Miss Tumbull; swig, " O bear the {wild winds blow," Mr. FrmkSn; song," Robin Adsir," Kim Betts; the ^ast-nanel lady accompaayiag herself on tbe ideal-baip. The ac« companists npam for the other vocalists were Miss F. Taylor nml-Mi*. Ghesel. -.Mr. G. Bennett, in a happy speed each, moved vote of thsnks to all who bad assisted in that evening's celebrations, which was seconded by 5Jrv Rutherford, aid carried by apclamation. .* The Doxology and Benediction conoluded the meeting. 