A CRUEL COISS1M. CHAPTKE XXVII. Kit liad vague thoughts ol a faiuyc day oi* I liour down nt Courtfield in wliicli, in gentle, louder tones, she could lay bare tlio trouble to Philip. She did not quite know bow tins would be mil n aged, but she relied 011 nor womanliness to suggest a way by which slio could let tho trutli be known to her husband without giving liini tho jiain she so much tewed. And now even this vnguo hope was snatched from her. Kit sat leaning her liend on her hand for a long time. Her heart folt very heavy and sad, and contrary to tho geutleness of her nature, a great bitterness rose up against Maurice Montgomery. What wrong had she over done him that ho should have worked her such harm in lier life ? Was it not enough that lie had done his best to wreck her young heart, to destroy her puro young illusions, to tear tho veil of dreamland from her eyes, and sliow her the hideousness of life in its hardest, most cruel form, but ho must needs oari'y liis warfare into her present happiness, and embitter her lovo by liis treachery and wrong-doing P Tho girl felt hampered at every step. She thought -so much and so deeply on tho subject that she was afraid of betraying herself to Philip in somo unguarded moment as she liad just done. There was no one to whom she could go for comfort and advice. Had it been any other troublo slio would havo flown to Sybil at tho very first, sure of infinite sympathy, and perhaps of consolation. But this phantom of Maurice was rising between Sybil and herself, threatening to sover their friendship altogether. Constance she shrank from as a confidant ; not that slio doubted her — in fact, Kit was being drawn considerably closor to lier cousin (wooed by Oonstanco's sweet words and mannor) ; but, after all, although they were cousins, they were comparative stran gers, and tho confidence she had to mako was not a light ono. Sometimes the thought o£ Lady Milbor ough came, but Kit did not encourage it; tlio old lady was clever and wonderfully bright, but sho -was not too strong, and any thing that concerned Philip touched her vory closely. There only remained Chris, but Kit had grown to regard her old playmato as a big boy, and tho idea of finding strength, pro tection, and wisdom from him never came to hor. Of all people in tho world there was nono who could givo her comfort and advice liko Philip, and Philip was tho ono porson to whom sho must not go. Sho sighed vory wearily, and the transient brightness called up by tlio pleasuro of going to Cotirtfiold faded out of hor eyes and cheeks. On tho day of tlioir doparturo Constanco Marlowe joined lier cousin at tho station. Sho had elcctcd to travol down with Lady Desmond. Sho had incurred a little natural indigna tion and jealousy on tho part of her staunch friend, Lena Sinclair, who had oxpocted Con stanco to spend Christmas with her, having stoutly rofused to join tho Courtliold party. Constanco was vory swoot bnt vory firm; sho i'olt hor heart beat high at tho thought of tlio sojourn undor tho roof of tho country houso, with all tho figures nccossary to tho drama slio intonded to soo playod close to hor hand. Tlio Montgomorys woro to follow later, but Chris, truo to liis resolution to bo besido Kit on all occasions, appeared at tho door of tho spoeml coach ongaged for tho conveyance of Sir Philip 'Desmond and party. Constanco always frownod wlion sho met Chris Hornton's steady ga/,o ; but, aftor all, slio could afford to laugh at tho boy. 'As if ono nood.mind him I' sho said to horsolf, as she nnfoldod a nowspapor and glanced covortly at Kit from bohind its folds. Philip was fussing tondorly about his young wife, who loaned back, palo and beautiful in hor rich furs, but wearing a worn, strained look in hor oyos, whioh gave Philip much anxiety. ' Suroly sho must loso theso porpotual hoadaohoH 01100 sho is out of this fog and gloom,' ho thought to himself, and then, as Kit closod hor boautiful, luminous eyes, lie drow near to Constanco, who was at tlio opposito sido of tlio ooaoh, nnd sat down bosido hor, It was almost tho first timo ho liad volun tarily npproaohod hor, Ho was always oonrtooiiH, and fow pooplo could havo notiood tlio slightest difference in his mannov wlion ho usually addressed Miss Mario wo; but Constanco had ofton winced at his voice and at tlio look in liis oyos wlion thoy mot hors, and sho was considerably astonishod wlion he* cnino toward hor now and bogan speaking confidentially. Tlio subject of his conversation was tho ono thought in his mind — his wifo I ' I am anxious about Kit,' 'ho said to Constanco, and his faco boro witness to his words. 'I want to ask you a little about l/i ur uhildhood, Miss Mnrlowo, I bog you will bo frank with 1110 ou tlio subjdot, 1 am suro you must soo with mo that sho is far from woll ; slio looks now palo and thin, as though slio had boon through somo illness. It will ho a grunt nsmHtunoo to mo if. you aim toll mo if sho was' doHuato as a ohild, and how and in what way. Slio has ahangod in tlio IiihIi fow wooks, and' ? ?' Oonstnnuo glanaod across fit tlio gvaoofnl form with olosod oyos. Hor hatred llnmod up stranger than ovor against tho girl, as slio caught tlio burden ol! lovo and anxloty in Philip's voioo i but sho was vory quiet, vory gontlo, but a liltlo sad, as sho unsworod i ' Yuh, of oinuwi, I do soo what you moan, Sir Philip, To toll you tho truth, I havo notiood, as you say, ti. gradual oluuigo in Kit during tlio lust low wooks, and it has puxulud mo a grouli fionl, for I scaraoly romombor Kit bolng' 111 onco during tho past. Slio was utways what I. should uall robust and vory honltliy, unci, as you know yourself, slio ran about in and out of doors in nil woutlioi\ I, wiih tho dolloato ono,' Constanco said, with a faint Hiitllot Bho tvns sllont n, moment, thinking how boot fco frame lilio cl«,rl) sho tnoanfc fco give, v 'I oxpooli you will soon llnd tho country ail' will do luiv good, and sho will bo hamuli! again, Tho fogs litfcaly havo boon so trying, UnlosH,' Oniisfcanoo paused. oJToofclvoly, ' UnlosH P' Sir PltlHp wipoa,fcad, ' UnloHS,' Consliuioo kughod, in n,n npolo ^afclo ?way-'' woll, really I was going fco inako t vary absurd roniiu'k — something vory foolish, I.' was going fco say tho country will soon sat ICiiiup u gain, vuiIohh, of ciauvso, luiv illnutm Ih nunfcal, ,mil, physlmtl, I ooiiI'ohh I havo boon iompfcod to ililnlc onao oi1 twioo tliafc who looked exactly like a person who was bomb worried about something or other, as it sne had something on her mind ; but, of courso, tho very idea is too ridiculous. What coma Kit have on her mind ? She has not a euro in the world. Depend upon it, Sir I hilip, it is the work of the demon fog, and in a, day or so you will have yonr little wifo as bright ns over she was?' Philip smiled and left her with some pleasant work, and Constance sat bac c anc read her paper and watched him. ' That went home straight,' she said to herself, exultantly, and tho first joy of her revenge thrilled her heart. Philip's smile did not deceive hor in the least, and as she saw him sit silent fintt still, his eyes fixed on his wife's changed face, sho know that tho first drop of poisonous doubt had been instilled into his mind. Tho rest would be easy work. CHAPTER XXVIII. Philip Desmond thought deeply and long over that speech of Constanco Marlowe's, It was wonderful what power thero seemed to bo in it, and what a variety of small ex planations was conveyed in it. ' Something on hor mind ! Something on her mind 1' Tho words ran in his head and danced be foro his oyes. ' Something oil hor mind 1' On tho mind of his wife, his child lovo, his lieioveci i His own mind was tortured by the thoughts that camo to it so' quickly. At one moment a hot anger, a sudden, unexpected jealousy flashed through it; then as suddenly a tender ness. Ho wont into his smoking-room as soon as he arrived at Courtfield, and began pacing up and down slowly. Constanco might well congratulate herself on lier first coup ; it had boon Bubtlo, but suro — it was a masterpiece. Sho had not imagined it would have so good an effect. Ho thought and thought for a long time, nnd then ho all at onco lit a cigar, and as tho fumes of his favourite weed floated about him ho grow soothed, and his thoughts became softer and pleasanter. ' Wlmt a fool I am ! As if my littlo ono could liavo anything to worry her ! Why, sho comes to mo if sho has a pin scratch, and must needs lot me kiss tho placo to make it ?woll. Troublo — worry 1 Bah 1 It is tho fog and too many late hours.' Ho smoked on until liis cigar was finished, and, as he throw away tho ond, ho felt con siderably bottor. ' All tho samo, I shall seo into this matter. Perhaps thoro is somo small thing which is troubling tho child, and sho does not like to bring it to me. I must coax it out of hor if I find this to bo tho caso. Ho popped his head into Kit's room as ho wont to dross Tor dinner, ' How does my littlo ono liko her now homo, I wonder?' ho asked, in a light way. Kit ran toward him liko a child. ' Whoro havo vou boon P' sho askod, as ho took lior into his arms. ' I wanted to make my first tour with yon, Philip. Oh 1 I lovo Courtliold I What a dear old placo 1 I fed liko a queen horo, Just fancy all this belong ing to mo. I don't think I slinll earo to live in London any movo. This will bo tho most dolightful homo, although Chris says thero must bo a ghost, of coiu'se ? ' ' I'll ghost Master Chris when I soo him,' Philip laugliod. Sho was so bright in this moment. All his thoughts and doubts floated away into thin air. Ho hold hor back and looked at hor oaro fully. | ' And how is tho lioadncho, oh ? Gono P' ' Quito gono,' Kit answered with a smilo. Sho did, indeed, fool bottor. Tho froBh country air, cold as it was, with a touch of koon frost in it, had already invigorated hor. Tlio oxcitomont and plonsuro of entering hor husband's old homo, whoro ho had boon born and had livod all his young days, drovo away for a timo tlio burdon of lier soorot trouble. Sho had flittod all ovor tho houso in com pany with Chris, and lind won hoarty admira tion from tho sorvants gathered togothor to wolcomo tlioir master and mistress. Tho frosli, broezy atmosphoro, tho clear sky, tho big houso, seomod to givo hor courage and strength ; and so it was that slio throw off hor lassitudo and sllonoo, and gladdened Philip's oyos by hor rotnrn to hor own self. , Kvon whon ho showod hor a tologrum from Maurico, stating tho hour ho and Sybil Avould arrivo, Kit did not rolapso into hor anxiety. Out ol: tho chaos of hor troubled thought, ono idea had camo — a determination. Sho would spoak frankly and oponly to Maurico ; sho would show him tho painful noss of tlio position ho had so Avrongly, so ungouorously forood upon hor, and sho would toll him straightforwardly that unless ho undertook to forgot tho past aud all that had happonod — ns silo would try to do — slio must put ovory thing boforo Philip, and dospito tho sorrow that niusfc bo given him and Sybil, tho wholo truth would bo told, and tlio matter sottlod finally and forever, Yos, tho mora sho thought ovor this, tlio moro dotonninad slio was to do it, Sho would ask a duty of Maurico ; mora ovor, slio would suggest that for a timo, until momury had lioalod the wound ha had infliotod, ho should nutiingo so that ho did not oomo iu to hor 1lfo as froqnontly ns lio was now doing, ' I am suro thoro is good in him — yos, lam suro of It,' tho poor child thought to horsolf, as sho stood boforo hor glass, and hor maid put tho finishing tonohos to hor bin, ok dinner dross, ' And whon I put ovarytlung boforo him olonrly, I think ho will bo truo to tluit good In him. Ho must know that thoro oan lio nothing but sul'l'orlng for Sybil and for Philip il! ho aontlnnoH to do as ha is doing,' Tlio ooinforfc dorivad from this thought was iu hor fitoo ns sho dosaonclod tlio wldo stair caso— a. glorious vision of boanfcy in liar black valvot trailing skirt, wlfch diamonds orownlug hor vudfly gold hair and gloaming Croiu about hor bodice, Chris, who was standing In tlio hall, mndo a niook salaam as sho approtiuhad. ' Hall, Quaon of tho Zulus 1' ho crlod, and than ho slouoluid forward with liis big, awkward /lgm'o,ivnd dlnolosod his tio hanging iu two long strings. 'JPlunso finish ma oil!,' ho said, Kit put down hor fan and glovoH, and, slamling on tlio lowast stop of tho stairs, por. forrnud Jior usual task of fasfcouing ills llo, Mrturloo oimio clown tho sfcalrs nt this vory momont, Sybil nnc'l ho had arrival! wliilu tho rast woro drawing for cllnnor, , ' How goad you aro to youv friondu, Lady Desmond,11 lio Haiti, In a light, laughing usliloii, Kit coloured a little ns she saw liini, but slio took great heart of grace from the change in his expression. It was the first time she had seen him without that heavy, moody look which had troubled Philip so much. (To ha cMnUttWAl.) 