The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Una Roe, Author op "The • Mysterious Whisper." Chapter IY. (Continued.) MY lady's PICTURE GALLERY. " So many ghosts and forms of fright Have started from their graves to-night, They have driven sleep from my eyes away, I must go down to the ehapel and pray." —Longfellow. The old love, the word burnt like fire. It was old, it was gone then. No, she would not tell him now, and yet—what a grand' opportunity. Love said, " Yes» tell him all," Pride said " No, tell him nothing." Pride won the day. Had she but known the fate that hung on the balance of that moment she had made known the history of that letter at all costs, at all risks. The propitious moment passed—passed into eternity. There was a knock at the door. Moffat came in with the coal-scuttle and some fire. "Good gracious," said Martin, "we want no fire to-night." " It is raining, sir, and a bit chilly, and I fancied you rang, mam." " I fancy you are telling lies," muttered Martin under his breath. " You can leave -the coals now,, Mary Ann," said Mrs. Hesketh. Mary Ann stole out like a cat, the skele ton who had come in with her stayed behind. " Constance, I really wish you to tend that girl away." " She suits me. It is very difficult to get a good girl. I really could not manage without her at present." "Here is abother thing—you thwarfcme in this." "Send away Mibb O'Neil, the Catholic governess. You engaged her on your own account, as Xei^^ed. Moffat. I'll dismiss one if you dismisfe the other." "Oh, no; the caBe is very different. Welt since you won't please me, have your own way—please yourself." He took tip a book.. ' She flayed with fancy work, and the skeleton in the coal scuttle grinned beside thfein. Once : or twice Martin looked across at his wife as though to speak again, but changed his xnind as he observed the dark shade on her face. Once or twice she half made up her mind to turn to him and explain all doubt away, and. again the demon of pride mastered her, and the, golden Opportunity passed. On these occasions the skeleton would actually dance with glee, and throw fantastic shadows—Where ? On that fair, proud face, so secret, so silent. . At length Martin closed his book, stretched himself, gazed at the fire for two minutes, bid the lady good night and retired. Constance being alone with the skeleton conversed with hiB bony majesty— not in words exactly, but in thoughts; a language he understood quite as well. We are equally privileged and will enter through the closed door to learn my lady's secret. "Well, what next?" was her first mental conjecture. "Showers of Catho licity are falling on all sides. If Minnie does not leave I am hardly safe—a Catholic friend, poor unsuspecting Patrick—a Catholic governess, whose memory is hot very retentive, thank goodness—^Catholic acquaintances over the way, and if he only knew it, a Catholic wife. He shall not know it now." " Oh, no," said the skeleton. " He would never forgive you for having deceived him. He hates deceit above all things. You have gone too far to turn back. ' Where ignorance is bliss.' You know the rest. " But it is not bliss," replied the lady. " It has cast so dark a shadow on both our lives. At first I thought little of it—' A tiny leak that trickled between.' I had given up my faith before I knew Martin. He was introduced to me under the supposition that I was a Protestant. Those Yilliers had persuaded me to act that part in order to be better able to secure a good position in the world. And I tried to blot out all recollections of the past by gaiety and dissipation. Vanity and pride urged me on, I destroyed all mementoes." " Not all," put in the skeleton. " There was one left." " Silence, tormentor. I know to my cost that there was one left. That one I was burning (rev. mother's letter) when he came in and charged me with deceiving him. . Then began the estrangement, widening day by day. I ought to tell him. Besides there is a craving to be at peace with my conscience which is not quite dead within me." " You are mad," said che skeleton. " Do you forget what your husband said the other day, how he expressed his contempt for a pervert ?" "I remember it only too well. His words sank into my heart like lead. They will always rankle in my mind. I dread the possibility of losing his least affection. O skeleton, I cannot bear it." " Fou are becotning morbid, silly. Bouse yourself to a sense of your dignity. Why should you care for him ? " He is my huBband, I loved him once." " Oh, really, do you acknowledge so much ? And he paid back your love with interest, did he not ? You were a wilful beauty, impossible to please till this careless, handsome, unsophisticated Martin Hesketh crossed your path. Actually the field path where you chanced to be roaming at leisure, plucking wild roses. Your scarf caught in a bramble. You were in a half pretended rage, stamping and pouting when he came riding by, dismounted, and released you, and walked beside you along the lane, with his horse's bridle over his arm. It was love at first sight on both sides, was it not ? He told you on another occasion of a former attachment which could not be compared to his love for you. You had scattered hie boyish dream for ever. And you, my lady were ready, if asked, to well your soul for him. You did do it without being asked." " Do not recall those memories, skeleton. They are. too sweet, and too bitter." " I shall say all I. please, you cannot silence me. I continue—You could drown thought in 'love's young dream' in those days. Only at timoB when he was not by you, the fox woke up and bit remorselessly, but Martin's step, Martin's look or kind word hushed him to sleep again. Things are changed, indeed," said the skeleton. " If the fox wakes now, you will hush him with a lie. No wonder that you hid your face from Martin the other day, lest he should read the lie in your guilty countenance. 60 you have buried Lily Neale in a far-off cemetery." " My name was changed when he knew me, 1 waB Constance Yilliers—Constance was my second name, and it was settled in law that I should take the surname of my Sarents by adoption. Lily Neale is ead." " Still it was a lie. The person whom Patrick would discover is not dead. St. Joseph's Lily is not dead." " I am driven to tell lies. It is not my nature to bare my breast to the world's arrows of acorn. Yet I would be trus if I could count on, his love. I was the first once." "Oh, you are jealous. That is a dangerous state to he in. Yon said you did not fear the little governess. Another lie ?" " Not jealous of her, skeleton. I have no reason to be." ''.You don't moan to say that you are jealous of a baby. Your own child and his?" . " If truth must be confessed, I am. Site has robbed me of his love, she has taken it from me. I hate her." "Another lie. Ton do not hate her; look down into the depths of your maternal heart, and see if there is not a veiled corner where your little daughter's image is preserved. I do not say with tender devotion, but" with a share of true affection, nevertheless. But you blind yourself to the fact. Besides, you are unreasonable. Why should he not be fond of his child ?" " Yes, yes. Let him pet her, love her, but not the* best. Not to shut me out where once I reigned supreme. At times I almost wish she would die." " Yet you pet the other child, you indulge him foolishly." " I do that partly from a spirit of opposi tion, yet Edmund was always my favorite. He was our first. He resembles Martin in every feature. Edmund will always he his mother's own darling. But 1 am not infatuated with him, 1 assure you, skele ton. I am fond of boys, and he is a pretty plaything. If Martin would be kind to me, and forgive, I would go to him now and end this torture." " More fool you, if you do go. If you want to gain his favor, take more notice of Edith." " I will not crawl to the feet of Edith to come to him. Ah, me. I gave up my God for my lover, now he has given me up." " Try to forget this trouble," said the skeleton. " Go out more, amuse yourself. Divert your thoughts from this melancholy channel. As to your husband, call Pride to your rescue. Goodness knows you are not much burdened with his society. Until to-night how many months is it since you were alone with him for an hour ? What! you are shedding tears. I thought your sensibilities had turned to ice long ago. You see pictures in this shadowy room, portraits of yourself when you were inno cent and holy. Do not turn your eyes away, the pictures follow you. You need not close your eyes, for under the closed lids the artist of memory paints them all the same. This is a convent classroom, the girls are gathered together talking and laughing merrily. They are discussing their future prospects. One little maid with black ringlets and violet eyes has made her First Communion this morning. She is vowing and declaring that she will be torn by tigers rather than renounce her faith, for the girls are jesting with her and prophesying that Bhe will be a quakeress someday and go about selling tracts." " Say no more, skeleton, it is enough, blot out that picture." " Not yet. They put their arms about her, and make it up. Of course they know that she is ready to be a martyr any day. Then in comes Reverend Mother, who also takes the part of St. Joseph's Lily, the pet name the nuns had given her. It was generally supposed that this pious and exemplary child, so full of life and fun, yet so obedient and so virtuous, was too fair a flower to bloom in the world. St. Joseph's Lily would be a nun, so it was whispered." " Be quiet, skeleton. Turn that picture to the wall." "Very well. Here are otherB. This scene when you knelt in the chapel at vespers; that day you had heard of your mother's death, when you asked the Blessed Virgin to be your mother, and promised on your part to serve her al ways faithfully. Why, you are weeping again. Or this other picture : the day you bade farewell to the convent, to your kind companions, Minnie O'Neil included; to your favorite nun, Sister Barbara; to the wise and gentle Reverend Mother. Think of the promise you made to them. All broken ! All sent adrift on the sea of the world! Why should you show these pic tures to your cynical husband, who is little better than an infidel ? Why expose your treasures to his scorn, and bring upon your devoted head the storm of his indigna tion which you merit for your deceit ?" " True, skeleton. I fear that man. If it were nothing else I fear his contempt. I may grow used to his indifference. I can treat him as he treats me. I may bear \- with the loss of his affection, though I suffer from it terribly; but I could not bear his scorn, his contempt; I am very wretched. On the one hand, my conscience will not let me rest; on the other, 1 both love and fear that man too much to expose myself to his anger." " You have talked enough for to-night. I advise you to go to bed. My society is trying to your nerves. I counsel you to shake off this 'depression. Think neither of the past or of the future. Enjoy the present as much as you can. Perhaps it would be well to endeavor to overcome that weakness you own to—that love for your husband." "Monster! Be silent. I will listen to you no longer. Better suffer all imaginable tortures than that! O Martin!" The skeleton was silent, he ventured not another word. The fire was out. The room was cold and dark. How long the lady sat there among the shadows she could not say—perhaps she fell asleep. Rising, at last, with a heavy sigh, Bhe withdrew to her own solitary ' apartment, pausing on the way at the door of her husband's room to listen. All was still, of course he was asleep. He had no trouble to disturb his rest or his dreams. On reaching her own room, she drew aside the blind. Dawn was creeping over the grey hills and -with the departing night she had buried her good resolutions. The day of retribution was drawing nearer hour by hour. About this time Mr. Hesketh had occa" sion to go to York, and he took his little girl with him: The freBh air of the liills would do her good he said—she needed a holiday. Edith, was in great glee at the prospect, the coldness of the mother's fare iwell (she did not even kiss the child at parting) failed to extinguish the glow of happiness in the little one's heart. For had she not hold of: her father's hand, and was she not going to be with him ail alone for one long happy week P The affectionate little creature thought far more of the delight of her father's companionship and his kindness to her than all the other pleasures the holiday held in store. Martin and his wife exchanged polite bows, and the travellers took their way. Silence was preserved for some time, as they drove along the quiet country road together. Edith said at length—' "Papa, did you see Mr. O'Connor going to our house ? He passed us on the way, and took off his hht to you and me, but I think you did not see him, papa." " No, Edith, my pet. I was thinking of something else I suppose. Did you say he was going to my house ?" " Oh, yes. He went in at the gate; and when I looked back once he and mamma were walking together in the garden. 1 like Mr. O'Connor." " Why ?" inquired her father, Bomewhat abruptly. "Oh, papa, he is alwayB so kind and nice; he tells me lovely stories, not ghost tales like Mary Ann tells. I don't like ghost tales. He brings me pretty flowers too—and flowers for mamma, such beautieB. Mary Ann says those flowere couldn't be bought for money and hardly for love— they are hot-house flowers. I suppose you like him too, papa." "Oh, without a doubt, immensely at times. Now tell me, Edith, what do you think of your good kind governess, Miss O'Neil ?" " I am very fond of her, papa. She is a darling; she is never cross with me." "Who could be cross with you, my treasure? Yes, Miss O'Neil is really good, and will be a true friend to you and me. I have known that lady long, she was ever the same, good and gentle, and for giving," he added as though speaking to himself," Sweet Mignonette." " Miss O'Neil told me, papa, that she knew you many years ago—when you were a little boy, I think. And she has a dear little picture of a ship sailing away at sea that you gave her, she says. She keeps' it in a little green book that she often reads to herself." " Has she really that little picture all these years? .That ship became a total wreck, Edith—it was dashed to pieces on a cold, hard, granite rock, and the little boy was drowned. Only his gray ghost goes about the world now, Edith, and he is getting tired of it." " I don't understand, papa." "The Lord forbid you should, my dar ling," said her father, taking her in his arms and kissing her. " We will change the subject as you do not like ghost tales. So Mr. O'Connor brings beautiful flowers to mamma, does he ?" " Sometimes, and mamma is so pleased with them. She says she loves roses and lilies, especially tiger lilies. Do you like those funny speckled flowers, papa ?" "No, dear. Gaudy-flaunting beauties are not much to my taste. I much prefer a modest spray of mignonette." (To be continued). 