Shrouded in Mystery on, Which Girl Did He Many ? By Skipp Borlase, Author op ' Fob Tbue Love's Sake,' 'Tbbeb Lovely Woiuk,' 'Darkeb Than Death,' ' An Ookan Secret,' 11 RECALLED TO LIFE,' ' RlCHEB TO Ruin,' 'Who Killed Jobn Cameron ?' 'Tbe Police Minister,' Etc. CHAPTER LXX (Continued). ▲ WONDERFUL ARBAT 01'' ACCIDENTS— j MISTAKES AND CROSS-PUBFOSES. Bat although they tried all they could to get him to speak, be either could not or would not utter a single word ; and although lie certainly was alive, that was the utmost that could be B&id; regarding him, for his assailant's long slim rapier had passed com pletely through him, and he waB bleeding freely from both orifices ; so that his rough tenders set to work to staunch the wounds, while that tbe task waB being attended to too late. Meanwhile Sir Harry 'Howarth leant against the wall in a dream. He could not. make matters out at all, save that, they still looked black against Ins wife, and yet more puzzling thau black. It was a little prior to thiB Rose, awakened by the noise and tumult below, and sot finding her husband in tbe next room into i which she bad immediately rushed, came 1 to the very natural conclusion that the houBe had been broken into, and he and Lancelot Leigh been taken prisoners. Resolved to share her husband's and their friend's fate, whatever it might chance to be, she at once ran out, candle in hand, on to the stair head, where, by the light which by this time had been kindled by the in tbe j passage and hall below, sheat once perceived I the condition that poor Leigh was in, and, ! sever doubting that her husband was in jaat as woful a plight, somewhere beyond the range of her view, she, utterly disregard ing all that Sir Harry Howarth had said to or rather, burled at her, began to descend the black oak stairs, firmly gripping the bannister rails the while, lest her trembling limbs should suddenly fail to support her. Aroused from his bitter reverie by the rustle of her skirts tbe baronet again looked up, and no sooner did he catch sight of her afresh than still believing her to be bis wife, he exclaimed, pointing the while at the all but unconscious Leigh— ' There, madam, take another good look at your infernal work, which will be consum mated 1 suppose when your husband is hanged for the deed.' ' My husband killed bis best, his truest, his most faithful and devoted friend ? I will never believe it, 'Tis too monstrous an assertion altogether,' was Rose's indignant retort, as she continued to descend the stair case, and it may he imagined that such a reply puzzled Sir Harry not a little, more especially as, instead of being overwhelmed with shame and confusion at the last and his previous utterances, she seemed to be not in the least affected either by them or his pre sence there. ' S'death woman,' he exclaimed furiously, Stepping forward to tbe very foot of the stairs and thus directly confronting her. 11 Ton ruffle it bravely. Who is this man, and how come yon to be here in bis com San? 7 1, at all events, have a right to emand and to enforce a demand to both those questions, and what's more 1 intend to Bose now for the first time stared fixedly at the speaker, and, as a consequence, recog nised him who should have been ber hus band, bat who, through an act of fraud, was her sister's instead. She perceived also that, owing to the extraordinary likeness between them, he believed that he confronted his wife, and was calling her to a stern account for being where she was. As Lady Stranraer knewnothingwhatever about the burning of Clegg Hall, and the forcible abduction of her sister Ruth from its groundB, she was placed in a most awk ward position, because any attempted expla nation which she migbt give would, very probably, effect more harm than £*)d. It was at this moment that sue caught sight of the piece of paper which was pinned to her skirr, and recognising Stranraer's writing at a glance, it, conjoined to the fact of his noa-appearaac', created each an affect upon her that Sir Harry Howarth's accusa tions and condnct seemed trifles light as air jn comparison. Nevertheless, fearing violence from him, she &aid; to the men, who seemed to be holding him far too loosely for her own safety's sake : — ' Don't let him get at me or he will do me a hurt. For heaven's sake grasp him tightly,' and then she calmly read what was on the paper by the light of the candle which she carried in her band. When she had done her face grew as white and as rigid as that of corpse, for she knew that her husband had deliberately sacrificed himself for her and for Lancelot Leigh's fancied good, and without knowing or even guessing the far deeper love which she felt for him. She was convinced also that he had gone beyond recall, and that it was too late to In any way defeat his deadly purpose deadly, at all events, as far as he himsslf was concerned. Tortured by these feelings they nevertheless impelled her to own straightway who she was, and furthermore to glory in the fact ; so folding up tbe scrap of paper she thrust it into her pocket, and then finishing ber descent of the stairs she bowed coldly to Sir Harry Howarth, who, be it remembered, she bad never liked, and who, maddened by her supposed shameless effrontery, was struggling desperately in the bands of hiB captors in order to get at ber. At tbe same time 6he said to him— « I am Lady Cameron of Stranraer, and the gentleman yon have so neatly slain is my husband's most chivalrous anil devoted friend, whom, under such circumstances, it is my dnty and pleasure to wait on aud tend as though he were a brother. I will beg of some of these good people to boar him as quickly and as tenderly as possible to his father's house, whither I intend accompany ing him.' But hardly had the words escaped her lips when the attorney's clerk called out ' ' She and the wounded man must belong to the party for whose capture such a big reward is posted up. They are rebel Jacobites, and are biding here. Attend to these two some of yoo, and the rest follow me in search of the other one. Egad, we shall be filling up Bocbdale gaol firwe go on much longer at this rate,' and poshing past RoBe he dashed up tbe staircase throe steps at a time. CHAP TEH LXXI. WHAT FARBOK CELLOS DID WITH ROCH DALE MARKET CROSS.— GREEN- WOOD CHECKMATED, The reader will doubtless wonder how it was that, in tbe very dead of night, so many people turned np just when they were most wanted in the neighborhood of bo lonely situated a mansion as the old haunted nunnery. The explanation, however, is a very simple one. The jovial leader of the procession had gone straight to S. Chad's vicarage as soon as ever the walking of tbe boundaries was over, awakened the Rev. Dick Bellos by throwing some gravel against his bedroom window, and, upon his putting out his night capped head, had informed him that it was a disgrace to religion and to civilisation to have a ghost- crowded hoase almoBt within a stone's throw of the town boundaries, when the Church bad a method of laying the ghosts at rest in their graves ; and then he proceeded to relate what had been seen inside an npper window of the nunnery. Parson Dick's interest waB excited at It was a stroke of business that was quite in his line, and if it succeeded he could see Chat it would redound to his credit, and increase bis fame almost if not quite as much as his rescue of the young farmer out of the clutch of the devil had done. The form of procedure was the chief thing that bothered him, but when tbe leader asked, almost deprecatingly, and as a nan who had bnt liUle knowledge of such matters should, whether the old market cross in Yorkshire-street would not have a bene ficial effeot if planted somewhere within full view of the haunted house's windows, the Severend Dick jumped at the ides» and Voced thftt notwithstanding the boor it should be conveyed there at once, for the sly parson knew that the greater amount of wcirdncss and gloomy cffcct ho could throw around tbe proceeding the greater also would be the extant of fame and crcdit accruing to himself. So he got tho leader to stand by and up hold him in all that ho did, and then he dressed in haste and put on his full canoni cals. and. the two repaired, first of all to Packer-street and Packer meadow, where six galloways (cr galls) were hired, fitted with a strange kind of impromptu rope har ness, and then led across the river to the market place at the bottom of Yorkshire street, in t lie centre of which, lying prostrate on the ground (just as in wantou mischief it had been pulled down from oil its pedestal a fortnight previously by a party of practical jokers) was the market cross that they had comc in quest of. The shape of a cross adapts itself for ropcB being passed over and around it in away not easy for them to slipor lose their grip, and so the block of stone was soon attached to the galloways and dragged along at their heels, followed by a crowd whom the strange nature of the proceedings had roused from their beds and tilled with a strong desire to Bee the ' ending of it.' : Across the butts and the bridge, and J round by way of Drake-street the strange , procossion wended jts way, passing tbe Pinfold scarcely ten minutes after Sir Harry Howarth bad obtained the key of the old mansion from the pinner. Not more than a score or bo of people, however, would follow parson, cross, and galloways into G host Lane, preferring instead to climb the steep southern slope of Castle Hill, and see as much as they could of the sulifccquent proceedings from that presumed safe coign of vantage, nathlcss that it was not far short of a quarter of a mile disLaut. Well, the old market cross, by the united strength of the score or so of individuals hauling on to tbe ropes, was set upright in the ground just out of Ghost. Lane, and witnm full view ol the haunted nunnery and then Parson Dick went through an impressive and mystic ceremony of his own invention, borrowed partly from tbe Druids partly from the Paptists, in some measure from the tire-worshippers, dancing dervishes, and Buddhists, and not a little from the lex non scripta of the reformed Church of England. Of course it bad an immense effect upon the immediate lookers on, who had such faith in the ghosts being thereby at oncc cleared out of the district that, when it was all over, and Parson Dick and the' galls,' and their driven had departed up the lane, pioe-tenths of them stayed behind in order to listen to an harangue from the red night capped pinner, Jim Nnttall, who was an i individual who liked to hear himself talk I very exceedingly, and who, directly the I greater personages had turned their backs I upon the scene, caught the public attention I by declaring that 'for yean he'd had the ! keys and care of the haunted nunnery, and that if they liked he'd tell 'em a few tales of the old place that would make their very eyeballs jingle.'' Before, however, he had even commenced his narration, the shrill cry of ' Murder I murder ! ' rang out close in his rear, and into tbe very centre of the group there dashed little Josiah Tobyn, the leather stay- maker, whose first cxciamation was : ' I've had no part in it. I'm as innocent as a child unborn. I'd have prevented it if I could, but his sword was through before yon could have said Jack Robinson. Oh, Jim Nuttall, if that's really you, you're as deserving of the gallows for having lent liim the keys of the old house as I am for having accompanied him there.' 'What's the row? Has anything hap pened ? I was in hopes that the panon had muttered bis hocus- pocus in time to have prevented any harm coming to Sir Harrv.' This from the pinner, but the stay-maker quickly retorted : ' No harm has happened to him, but he's murdered a young man whom he found there, and he'll murder his wife as well if you don't make haste and save her.' But haste was made, and the reader already knows what resulted thcrc-from. I Sir Harry Howarth was dumbfounded I when she whom he h id made sure was his wife announced herself to be Lady Cameron of Stranraer. The tiilc was uoknown to him, and Bounded strange and barbarous to his ears, for Scottish names seemed as uncouth to Englishmen of that day as some Russian ones do to Britons of the present. From that moment everything that had I happened and was still happening appeared like a hideous and incomprehensible night mare to him. He asked Rose no more questions. In a dazed kind of way he knew who she was— who she alone could be— but, as long as she was not his wife, all else did not interest him in the least. He had bis faculties sufficiently about him to even wonder at this, but tbe wonder could not conquer or alter the fact ; it only created a fresh doubt in his mind, namely, as to whether or not he was going mad like his daughter Lucy had done — for he knew that madness was almost a family inheritance— like the gout— at some period or other of life. His strange reticence waB, however, a great relief to Rose, who had dreaded being questioned and cross-questioned by him, ' Surely,' she thought, ' he must know who I am,' yet she eauldn't be quite sure cren of that, nor did it trouble or perplex her for long, sioce she had more serious matters to engross her attention than even her sister or her sister's husband. She had declared ber intention of accom panying Lancelot Leigh to his father's house, but she soon found she would not be allowed to do this. When, in fact, the attorney's clerk and the other searchers came back from an ineffectual hunt after the 'other Jacobite' for whom the reward had been offered, or, in other words, ber husband, they behaved in such a way aB to show her that they did not intend to allow her a single chance of slipping through their finger?. In a few minutes more some of them had carricd Lancelot Leigh oat of the house on two boards lashed together to form a Btrctcher, without even telling her where tbey were going to take him ; and a little later she and the baronet were bade by thOEe who bad remained behind to 'stir their stump6 in the direction of Rochdale goal,' whither they were at once marched off by a savage amateur police, each one of whom was maddened by the thought that ' there was so many in the job,' and that, ; consequently, the reward of each would be so proportionately small. What, however, were t.hciT feelings com pared with thOBe of Halcamus Greenwood, wben he happened to learn all that had taken place? With heart elated by joy at tbe discovery which he had made, he came up out of the dungeon (or the vipers' hole, as some folks called it), into the high, square, ruinous keep of the Saxon castle, feeling assured that he should now be able to win the reward for the biding Jacobites as well as that proffered by Bir Harry Howarth for the recovery of his wife, without one at all interfering with tbe successful accomplish meut of the other ; when, quitting the tower through the same breach that he had cn'ercd it by, he suddenly, and to h!s most intense surprise, found himself araocg n crowd of people, instead of surrounded only by brambles and gorse hushes. They all seemed to he gazing in one direc tion, too, and it was that of Ghost Lane and tbe hauuted nunnery. Halcamus was seized 'With uneasy appre hensions at once, and, glidingamong them as he thought unpcrceived, he asked the first man, who by the moonlight looked to be a fool, ' what was up ?' ' Where be you come from that you -Jon't know that already ?' was the immediate counter question, which proved to G reen wood that it is not always safe to go by appear* ?'Ob, I've but just come up,' said he, adding, ' Surely it's a sufficiently uncommon sight to see a crowd on Castle Hill at this hour of the night to tempt a man to climh the steep to enquire what brings 'em here ?' 'Oh, well, it's soon told. They've been beating the hounds to-night, for some reason or other— a bet that they couldn't follow them aright some say— and in coming up the lane tbey seed every window of the haunted nunnery chock full of ghosts. So Parson Bellos has lost no time over the matter, but has brought the old cross from the market place, and stuck it up within full view of the house as a sort of notice to the spectres to quit possession, an' 1 believe tbe parson's tiring prayerB aud curse6 at them as well, in order to lay 'em as he calls it. Some be gone on with him, but more prudent folk, like I and tbe rest, have stopped at a safe distance, for we haven't had so much truck with tbe devil »Qd bis impe si Parwa Dick bas, and bo k don't caro to be loo venturesome. Oh, here tbey be coming back again, so I suppose the job's done.' This was a clear and lucid explanation of matters, but it didn't please HalcamuB Greenwood half so much oe it enlightened him. He stood and watched Parson Bellos in his canonicals, and the galloways and their drivers turn round by the Pinfold in the direction of Drakc»strcet, and then muttering deep and bitter enrses as he strode along he instinctively made his way down Ghost Lane, though he did not in the least bit know why he was doing so. But the consequence was that no sooner had he got within close proximity to the old house than to his dismay, as we.ll as his astonishment, he beheld a good number of people coming out of the very building itself; so, concealing himself at a spot which they would have to pa's by if they took the nearest and most direct cut Rochdale* wards, the bright moonlight revealed, when they had got fairly abreast of him, the faces of Sir Harry HowaTth and RoBe (his wife's twin sister as ho now knew her to be) iu tbe centre of the crowd, yet kept a little apart from each other, and evidently treated as prisoners. Greenwood now felt, to use a proverbial phrase, 'as road as a batter,' though why a hatter should he madder than other folks it is hard to tell ; nevertheless it is a fact that th»i hatters of Rochdale, at the period of which we write, were seemingly the madest of its entire population. But Halcamus had good excuse for being feo for it appeared to him as though all bis grand schemes for self-aggrandisement were crumbling into dust. He bad, nevertheless, sufficient presence of mind left him to slip unperceived out of the hedge when the crowd had passed by up the lane, and, joining its tail, to ask one of ita component members what had happened. He had addressed himself by chance to the little leather Btav-makcr, Josiah Tobyn, who replied disconsolately, and little guess ing who was his questioner ; ' What has happened say you ? Why, I've lost a thousand pounds, that's what's hap pened 1 1 intended to have restored a heart broken husband to a lovely and persecuted wife, and I've got a fellow creaturc-creature run right through the body instead, and the husband aforesaid will doubtless get banged for the mis'ake, and, oh lud, I might have been hanged in his company as— ts a pre sumed, a very naturally prcst tne i, accom plice— if 1 hadn't at once divi.ro sd myself from the dangerous connection, by rushing out of the bouse for helf, and presently re turning with it, actively assisted in mak ing him a prisoner. But my thousand pounds are gone— gone— gone — for it wasn't his wife after all, don't you see 1 ' I Halcamos Greenwood saw not only that, I but everything else as well. He had no patience to pnt any more { questions, and he would have gladly wrong i the little stay-maker's neck had be only ! dared. As he didn't dare he dropped behind the crowd, and began to pouderjwbat had best to be done under the circumstances. CHAPTER LXXII. BEI'OBE THE MAGISTRATES AT THE FLTXK0 HORSE IN PACKER-STREET. The next day Sir Harry Howarth and I I Lady Cameron of Stranraer were arraigned : I before the magistrates at the Flying Horse j ! Inn, in Packer-street, where courts of petty j sessions were at that time always held. I As the cases against them were of totally I I different nature, they were, of course, i j charged separately, the baronet with the 1 attempted murder of one Lancelot Leigh, and Lady Stranraer for consorting with rebels and traitors, and, knowing them to be I such, failing to deliver them over to the I law, I Sir Harry was the first to be arraigned, ! aud pleaded through his solicitor homicide by misadventure. I Josiah Tobyn entered the witness-box | ready to swear to anything and everything that was at all calculated to whitewash him self from all blame in the matter. He deposed' to the how and for what | reason he had conducted Sir Harry Howarth I to the old house in Ghost Lane on the I previous night, and that when they had en* i tered it in as quiet a manner as tbey coold tbey Baw what looked like a man's form in the gloom, whereupon Sir Harry had roared out ' villain,' and rushed upon tbe indi vidual, and ran his sword through him, and he (the witness) had immediately made off in order to Bummon assistance. I ' Have you any questions to put to the I witness ?' asked the senior magistrate of the baronet when Tobyn'6 examination in chief was done with. Sir Harry, turning upon the little stay maker, said to him, ' Did you hear me addressing myself to the figure in the gloom, and rccu-ive the answer from him that he was Greenwood before I rushed upon him ?' ' 1 can't sav. 1 was too nervous to take notice. 1 flatter myself tbat 1 am as brave as most men, and confront me with assassins or spectres singly and 1 hope I should know how to face 'em. But when I became impressed with the idea that 1 was in the company of both of 'em, I made my bow and retired,' answered the little man with dignity. ' Don't make an asB of yourself, witness,' said one of the justices in so stern a tone that the stay- maker nearly jumped out of his shoes. 'And look ye,' he added, 'answer the questions that are addressed to you briefly and to the point, or we'll commit you to prison for contempt of court. ' Lord sake, gentlemen, I'll 6ay whatever will give you pleasure, and if jou want to get Bir Harry off, as being a bird of the same feather — without meaniog any offence by the term — I'll swear that another man rnshed into the house and passed the baronet and myself and did the deed. It'll be all the same in a bnndred years, your honors, but as I'm the father of twins newly arrived your worships — and nine other small children besides— the sending me to prison would be a serious thing for all of us, not even for getting the mother, who would be sure to go Btiff, stark) staring mad, and a disgrace, and in that state of mind would most likely first throttle all the young uub and then clap my powder flaBk into her mouth and blow her own head off by shoving a lighted matchin to it, bccausc of the unmerited dishonor that was cast vpon tbe name of Tobyn,' retorted the stay- maker ail in one breath. ' Send that fallow about hiB business, bis testimony is worthless ; be offers to violate the sanctity of an oath ; he declares himself reaJy to swear to anything,' said the magis trate, and the other assenting to hiB dictum Tobyn was first hustled out of the witness box, and then unceremoniously kicked out of the court, this last to the pain of his pos terior, but, at the same time, to tbe great relief of bis mind. Jim Nuttall, the pinner, then was sworn, and deposed that at a quarter-pasttwo in the morning Sir Harry Howarth had woke him up and offered him at tint a guinea, and then two guineas, for the keys of the old bouse in Ghost Lane, of which he had the care. Then he bad tried to dissuade bim from entering the mansion at such an hour by saying tbat awfal beings iu tbe shape of mortal men were known to infest it all through tbe long hours of darkntSB, and that the baronet had replied with an oath, 'should I meet anything there in the shape of a mortal man my sword shall be through bim in a twinkling.' The words were spoken with great venom, and he (the witness) re membered them so well perhaps on that account. ne went on to depose as to being present when Parson Bellos planted the market cross in the lane, and laid the ghosts — to bis re maining behind and addressing a few people who stopped to hear him about the old hoase —to Josiah Tobyn, the previous witness, suddenly rushing up and informing them that a murder bad been committed therein by the prisoner then at the bar, and as to running thither with several more and find ing a wounded man lying almost at the foot of the stairs with no manner of weapon in his baud or lying beside him, the prisoner standing over him with his drawn sword in bis hand dripping with blood, and a yonng lady on tbe stairs, and apparently in the act of descending them, but looking as though Bhe was afraid to come any farther for fear lest she should be Blain in like manner. ' Did the prisoner deny his guilt ? ' asked one of the magistrates. 'No, your worship,' answered Nnttall, ' he as good as confessed it, but that he had made a mistake in his man, and had taken the wounded gentleman to be an individual called Halcamus Greenwood.' ''Have yon any questions to pnt to this witness, 6ir Harry ?' asked the senior 1 justice. ' No, for he has spoken nothing bnt the truth, aud knows nothing more than be has ! already deposed to,' was the answer. i The Court then enquired if the wounded ' man had been capable of making any depo* eitioni by affidavit, bat ww Informed by Ail medical attendant that he was in fax too 1 serious a condition to be able to do so. Upon being sworn, -he deposed, however, that, Lancelot Leigh had twice or thrice uttered the word ' Mistake— mistake,' though It was impossible to decide whether he was quite conscious of what he said. Bose was then put into the box on Sir Harry's account, previously) as everyone con cluded, to foing placcd in the dock on her own, and deposed titstly to the manner in which she had been awakened by the sounds of a scuffle and a shriek below stairs, and secondly as to what she had beheld on light ing a candle and descending tbe staircase in order to discover what was the matter. As tbe reader, however, is acquainted with the whole affair, there is no need to enter into a twice-told tale. Tbe blackest bit of evidence she gave against the baronet exactly corresponded with Nntall's, namely, tbat his own sword was drawn and blood dripping, while tbe wounded man bad no kind of weapon either in his band or dropped near him. The double testimony seemed to dcclare the crime, beyond the shadow of a doubt, to be one of assassination instead of a mere duello The case for the Crown being now con-, i eluded Sir Harry was aBked what he had to urge in his dcfence, and briefly stated that his wife had been abducted by force from the grounds of Clegg Hall, and how he had offered a reward of a thousand pounds for ber recovery. That Josiah Tobyn, who had been examined as a witness against bim, had told him where she was to be found, and that he had set out in that individual's company in order to rescue her. That on entering the old bouse in the night-time he had descried an unmistakable man's form in the darkness, and concluding it could be no other than his wife's abductor hiB anger and indigoation had got the better of him, and under tbeir influence he bad drawn bis sword, rushed forward, and run him through I the body, I He said much more than this, but the I foregoing is an epitome of what he did | Bay i The magistrates then put their heads to* gefber and would doubtless have acquitted the baronet had it been possible to do so without a gross miscarriage of justice. As, however, it was very evident that he could have no right to take the law into his own hands iu any case, aud that a yet heavier degree of culpability was attachable to his running an unarmed man through the body prior to convincing himself in a much more careful manner than be had done as to who he was, they had no re source open to them but to commit Sir Harry to prison until such time as the re covery or death of his victim should settle the nature of tbe crime wherewith he would have to be charged at the approaching Lan caster Assise. Nor was it possible, under the then exist ing laws, to allow bim bail, od which account | he was at once taken away and lodged in goal. 