ECHOES FROM LONDON. (BY OXONIAN.) London, November 15. The London and North - Western train which is to carry the Queen north is a model of luxury, and consists of thirteen carriages, and is nearly 500 ft. in length. The train travels at a greater speed than thirty- five miles an hour, and during the night this is considerably slowed down. It has lately become the rule for the train to entirely stop for half an hour at about 8 o'clock in the morning to enable Her Majesty to dress comfortably. She occupies two saloons, which are connected by a passage, and only Princess Beatrice travels with her. These saloons, which are most carefully constructed, and run as smoothly as any C-spring carriage. The day saloon is fitted up as a library dining room with tables, armchairs, a sofa, large foot-stools, and racks for books, parcels, and and despatch boxes. The furniture is of white silk embroidered with gold, and the carpet is of velvet. The walls are of polished satin wood and panelled with mirrors. The saloon is ventilated from the roof, and lighted with shaded lamps, and warmed by gas-stoves and hot-water pipes, but these are rarely used, as the Queen thinks they produce a stuffy feeling. Her Majesty sits in a large, low, easy armchair facing the engine. By her side is a writing-table, which is covered with books, paper, and writing materials. As a rule the Queen receives and dispatches a number of telegrams at Perth. The night saloon is arranged in com- partments, the principal one being a bedroom, with two beds—one for the Queen, the other for Princess Beatrice. Next is a dress- ing-room with a metal bath. There is a com- partment for luggage required on the journey and for two maids or "dressers." Both saloons are fitted with electric light, and the Queen can cause, the train to be stopped in two or three minutes. The other saloons are occupied by any members of the Royal family who may happen to be travelling with the Queen, members of the Household-in- waiting, the Royal nurseries, the Indian attendants, and those servants whose special duty involves their attendance occupy the remaining parts of the train. A plan gives the number of the carriages and the names of their occupants, as well as a complete time- table containing every possible information. The Queen's copy is printed on satin in purple, and bears the Royal arms in gold upon the top. Before and after the Queen's train has passed all traffic an the various lines is stopped for a certain time. A pilot-engine runs in front of the team as as additional precaution. It is a rule that no signalman is to allow the Queen's train to pass his box until he has re- ceived an intimation that the line is clear from the next box in front. Prince Christian Victor, the eldest son of Prince and Princess Christian, who is to accompany the expedition to Kumasi, has already smelt powder. He took part in the Hazara expedition, and was mentioned in despatches—not by reason of his rank, but by virtue of his deeds. He was born at Windsor Castle in 1867, and has for some time been in the King's Royal Rifle Corps. At Welling- ton College he was very popular, and cap- tained both, the cricket and football teams. The "auto-car" is the subject of much dis- cussion at the present moment. Experiments have been made with these horseless carriages, and it has been found perfectly practicable to run them for any distance over any of our country roads at an easily attained speed of nine or ten miles an hour. The motive-power is obtained by means of petroleum. The mechanical difficulties may, I think, be re- garded as overcome, but as the law at present stands they are rendered entirely useless. In effect the Legislature has enacted that any vehicle propelled by steam or any analogous mode of locomotion must not proceed more than four miles an hour and must have a signalman in front to give warning to approaching carriages. The avowed object of this Statute is to prevent accidents which might occur, owing to horses being frightened by traction-engines and similar screeching monsters. But experi- menters with these auto-cars have found that horses take absolutely no notice of their new- fashioned rival, and they consider, properly enough, that the enormous utility of the invention should not be frustrated by a dry enactment, which has in their case no reason for its observance. The maxim, no doubt, on which they rely is Cessante ratione, cessat ipsa lex, and a modification at least of the law as it at present stands is inevitable. The auto-car, once its existence is possible, will be followed by the auto-cycle. An American inventor has arrived in London who intends to revolutionize the present method of cycle-propulsion. His idea is to create a series of petroleum-oil explosions with the aid of electric sparks and utilize the power of combination in much the same way as in gas-motors. The principle has produced remarkable results, a speed of forty miles an hour having been obtained in America with the aid of the petroleum-propellor. Enormous crowds will no doubt be attracted. to the Aquarium during the next fortnight. The management haws arranged a series of ladies' bicycle races in which cyclists from England, France, and Belgium intend to com- pete. The races will be divided into two sec- tions of six days each, and each day will con- sist of four sessions of three hours each. The track has cost close upon £500 to complete, and covers 11,300 superficial feet. It runs the whole circle of the vast Aquarium area, form- ing the largest centrally situated cycle racecourse in London. Apart from the cash prizes offered by the Aquarium Society several miscel- laneous articles are subscribed by tradesmen and manufacturers. Articles of jewellery of course figure largely, and the item of six dresses as a consolation prize reminds the observer in such matters that a lady cyclist is a woman after all. Rear-Admiral Markham has been giving an interviewer some remarkable reminiscences of his trip to the Arctic regions in the Alert twenty years ago. Among the stores taken on that occasion was some special ale brewed by Messrs. Allsopp & Sons. Of that famous liquor eleven bottles still survive. It is one of the strongest ales ever brewed, and such was the consistency of the wort that it would not run from the copper through the tap in the ordinary way, but had to be lifted out in buckets. Its colour is a rich brown, its flavour suggestive of old Madeira, and it is said to be as sound at the present moment as on the day of its birth. London will soon be a fairly nice place to live in. The London County Council are be- a little more level-headed. Parliament expunged of its faddists is to meet in the first week in February. Mr. Stead is so occupied in obtaining photographs of ghosts that he has no time to disturb us with social problems, Mrs. Ormiston Chant is still away, and Lady Henry Somerset said that wild woman, Miss Willard, are sailing for Brindisi. Tottie Fay has paid the debt of nature, and Miss Jane Cakebread, who belongs to "the high nobility of Bishop's Stortford, and bears 370 odd con- victions on her family escutcheon, has signed away her liberty and has retired into a home for inebriates. A great many old women of both sexes were much alarmed a month since by the account sent in by correspondents in various parts of the country relating to the behaviour of the moon. It was observed to oscillate, or, in humbler phraseology, to wobble. On Saturday last the inhabitants of Dover enjoyed a rare treat. A brilliant green meteor, almost the apparent size of the moon, in shape rather like a pointed hen's egg, flitted across the sky, but unkindly disappeared as soon as the inhabitants observed it, "without leaving any appreciable tail." On the same night all over the country were observed brilliant meteors, many of them stationary. They were mainly composed of three feathers, and flamed brightly. It might be added that the Prince of Wales's birthday was Saturday, November 9. ###### The farewell banquet to the Duke of Cambridge given by the War Office is evidently in need of explanation. In Black and White the Duke and the distinguished officer surround- ing him are in full military uniform. The Illustrated London News artist conceives them in simple evening dress. The chairs on which the diners are seated and the decorations on the table are as different as the imagination of two independent artists, neither of whom possibly witnessed the function, could portray. I mentioned a week or two ago that there is to be an organized protest against the re- marriage of divorced persons. Father Black, it will also be remembered, became more notorious than respected for a scene at a wedding ceremony twelve months ago. A license has been issued by the Bishop of London and Dr. Tristram for the approaching marriage of two fairly well-known society people. Father Black at once presented an Father Black at once presented an appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury praying His Grace to cite the issuers of the licence before him to answer charges of irregu- larity. He bases his petition on the ground that one of the parties was divorced. Now Father Black has announoed in the Press that his petition has been ignored, but that the matter cannot be allowed to rest in its present position. Mr. Peter Robinson, the head of the well- known Regent-street firm, has passed away, leaving an enormous fortune. The Maples, equally celebrated in trade, are very much alive, and are at the present moment hugely excited over their only daughter's engagement to Baron Eckardstein. Miss Grace Maple is an exceedingly pretty girl. She is well known at St. Albans, and is a frequent spectator of the cricket matches. Local rumour suggested a bridegroom without a title, but it seems that the groom-elect will after all, come from the German Embassy. He is a personal friend of the Emperor and Empress of Germany, which must comfort Sir John Blundell Maple greatly. At present the Baron has spent no inconsider- able portion of his time in examining his Bank account. When Miss Maple becomes Baroness Eckardstein the sinews of war will probably be visible without the aid of a micro- scope. 