KATIE. There are few more cheerful places on a cold and winter night than a smithy with ita ofaru5hfitre‘thThe- ?ddy gIow and eparfeK “K*1,*’ tbe interested faces of the and gthe ?&.th----t0ar ,of. .the beUo"'8« hammer make up a comfortable rural picture of light &Qu; warmth. Thp tmifVer.n r. _ ■- *v cheerful ring the anvil. of the smith’s all combine to warmth. The smithy at Godsoroft on a; thlf “.ber even,n? was no exception co to nJ.Jfl ; lt Waa- f “T and briSht. a“d filled w W,D^ W,ti1 v,lla«e gossips, met to talk °v®r th.e. e*e"t8 °* the. day. The group of men collected round the fire was just such a group as may be found round any smithy t if £he L cot,ntry. hard-headed, hard-featured, .hard-fisted, shrewd, sen! stbie men; keen politieians, learned in polemical, controversy, fond’of argu ment on most subjects, and,able: to take am mteU^ent, although often prejudiced, in terest in almost all the leading topioa of the „J?a.ch were the loungers coUeoted round the smithy fire at Godsoroft, listening eagerly to a man who was in many respeots dissimilar to them. Thpre was about him an eaBv oreadth frssdom, an expansiveriesa of nes which suggested colonial life, 'J-iad adairas if the village street. n. wiitn enough for ibis swinging —fjile .^world ■lifi At hi: ph frc pi bo th . ......_ i)®* IhteOecnaT"heroes of Godsoroft, narrow and circumscribed. He was good-looking with a sun-embrowned complexion, aadtdark «yes with a merry twinkle in them ; while a strong,,. squarely-cut ohm and jAws gave character to a face that would otherwise fiave been ouly weakly good-natured. A large wiry-haired dog, of a mongrel and nondescript type, lay at his feet, and formed the theme of conversation. _. , “ It’s a bonny dog o’ ita;kind-.dhd"a^gnld dog. I’se warrant; but I will never allow that’it’s a collie,” said one speaker. ■ “Did I ever Bay that it was? It has nothing of the collie about it, although it has more than a collie’s intelligence.” “ It’s a dour-looking beast,” said another. “It reminds me of a wolf I.once.’saw in Wombell’s menagerie,-that came round this conntrv-side fonr years ago come Lammas. —Ye’ll mind it, Geordie?” \- "You’re uone so handsome yourself, Jock,” said the stranger, “ that you should object to the ... want cf .. beauty "'in others. Did you never 'hear tell of the old proverb, ‘ Handsome is • as handsome does ?’ Bill, here, ib better than he is bonny, and that he has proved.” “ Tell us all about it. It’s just grand to hear ye telling these outlandish stories,” skid one of the bystanders. “It would be sway out there ,in Aus tralia. I’se warrant,” said another. “ Yes, hoys, it was,” said the.tall,bronzed, bearded man who owned Bill; and he tossed back his Pair and gave his forehead ;a pub, as ifjjto quicken the bump of memory,, and straightway began. _: “ You want Bill's story, mateB. Well,here it is. Some of you here, I don’t doubt, will re member that when the old man diedin thehard winter of 70, I left the old country, that* was pretty well used up for me, to 'try mv luck in the Australian goldfields, where they' used to cell us down here that the gold might be gotfor the mere trouble of lifting it,up. What I got and that was never 'very .much, took a precious deal of hard work, I oau tell you; and what, with one thing and another, I tired of it, and went up the country to a big squatter, a kenned man and a kindly, for he was One of Hunter of Godsoroft’s sons, and hired myself to be one' of his shepherds. I had a good'berth with him, nothing to complain of, either in the way of work, or meat, or wages; bnt it was an out-station;-aEd it was terribly lonesome I missed my mother,' poor old body, more than I can tell yon. Many a time it would havedone my heart good jnst to have heard the click of her knitting needles, or seen the wbisk of the skirts of her old black gown ; and sometimes I laughed, and sometimes I almost shed tears, .when I thought how it would have amused her to have seen me with my sleeves turned up kneading damper or toasting a hit of mutton at the smoky fire. “However, it was better, as 1 often sa'id to myself, to be alone than tethered to a had neighbor; and my sheep kept me in so much work that I had very little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wan dering fit, and-I would get up some fine morning and find the halt of the hirsel gone; and nothing for it but to scout the country far and near till I came upon the track-'of them. 1 have seen me ride fifty miles before I came up with them.” “Eh, man, but ye would be fearsome when ye did,” said an old schoolfellow ap preciatively. The big Australian withered him with a look, and went calmly on. “ I was out one day [after a lot of these long-legged woolly trespassers, that were as swift as deer and as ounning as the oldest fox in your spinneys here; and I had not seen as much as a ptint of one of their feet. I Had' been riding sinoe the morning broke, and I was spent with hanger and fatigue when the night came down -upon me pitch dark, not a star visible—a deep Egyptian darkness that could almost be-felt: I could not so much us see my hand when I held it up before me.” ■ “ Ye were aye a hauld billy,” said another retrospective schoolfellow, “ but that would dannton ye. What did ye do ?” What oould I do? To turn back was more dangerous than to go forward. I let my horse solve the difficulty. He Beemed to see what was before him ; I could not; and ,we -went on, and on, and on till I saw a BhimmeriDg gleam flash through the mirk darkness of the. night, and heard the rush of Water. It was a creek, as we call them in those parts; and as the horse made no p.anee, T rode, boldly on, and by God’s mercy, rather than my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got .safely to the other side. The steep bafik^waa overgrown. with bush, us 1 oould See by i glint of moonlight that flashed out all of a. sudden, aod I was just taking a look 'roupdi to. see if I could' make 'out 'where I was, when my ears were pierced, by., the most awful cry 1 think I have ever heard, it was so loud, and so shrill, and so full of pain, that it fairly made my blood run cold. I leaped out of the saddle in sheer fright, and looked round me like a man bewildered. The wide bare pastures and scrubby bush around were devoid of any -human habitation, and yet.it was. likejthe cry of some poor human creature in the extremity ofdista&s.; It was so ghastly, so unearthly,: that the' horse J was riding,, although hewaB .' a a£epily.old brute, shied, and b werved sharply He was in such ' a- panic. t|at' .L oould not help remetobfring nioVtiei^s... old - - world - stories.... about gh&ts;,. although, I tried to teU < myself tt^at;..t!fcjr>e was no such thing. ^However, gqbetiPr'no ghost, I was bound to go on ; so I iet^stost heart to stay brae; and when .1 found that I could not torch the terrified brutaupithe.bank,I dismounted, and tied him to ft young gum tree. I had scarcely set my face to the bank again, when the .same, orysounded out once more. I.tell.you, mates, it made the blood run eOld round my heart, it was so shrilly wild; so -'unearthly, so despairing, and. to • make it : worse, the black night came. down on me again mirk and heavy,;-like' the blackness of the parish aoort-oloth .I used, to wonder at. when I wasa-boy.- I had'not the leastidea in what direction ,to turn, and was standingirresolnte, when I heard the cry again, and it sounded nearer, and was So distinct that I thought ~ oould go straight to the very spot it oame from. The .bank, was so steep that I had .to soramble up on my hands and knees, often slipping back, and stopping to listen ; but.I oould hear nothing except the Boft gurgling plash of the water down beneath me.-. I was not sure which way to . turn, when I heard the cry again right out of the scrub before me. -' I.was in the.right direction—that was one good thing; but 1 ' will never deny that I was frightened a bit, it was such, a terrible'cry, and the spot was so lonely. I, had that spirit in me, though, that I would not go back; and I crept for ward on my hand* andknees towards the it fa sh hi si nwVhe J’atlik’ ^hioh waa covered with a aLd lZ.ba8h; a bit of “ climb, i nd I had stopped a minute to get J my breath, when T - - 8 lom m ' • — ? thought I heard low moaning noise close f,"pPed 'nJ’ rovolver, but it was of little use in the. darkness, so I took out instead a big howie knife I always carried, and held it ready in my hand. The next momeat there was a sort of hurtling rush through “S above me* and something Reaped right down upon my shoulders. I Avo a yell and then another ; and then away down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing lLh? a °ther “ “n aKony of mortal Inght. As soon as I could get my right band free I gave a desperate thrust with the > a“d wltk a yell of rage and nain, the the fromme; an*'I heard > bMhh?wfKlt!1fa,IonL80meproieotin»rock or dMcen? * h8d °*nght U in its > downward *was frightened than hurt, and soon scrambled to my feet. Aa a smoker is matokeB, I soon had alight, w th which I groped my way down to where found ?1,tUre lay, and what do y°u think I A^rT8i-Sillyr€0wk» tbere are no tigers in Australia. I found Bill; but my word, he was not tho comfortable well-fedlZathe* *£?**: * doa’t think I , ever saw such a dog . a( he looked • then.-.eitbeT -«_ cai .. _ -, ke.d ’ then,1 either/ before ■mca. He ^aa a gaunt starved of th be bu Jo fu r stole ll^fronj ^t|Wnnm in the side whⅈ'iie bad got in with me. / He made no attempt to escape,Ibdt ‘lifted his head and gave me a look so pathetio, so almost human in. its mnte, reproachful appeal for help, that it fairly went to my heart. I spoke gently to him; and ’ he looked up at' me as if he would fain have spoken and told me his story. He let me stanch the blood that wa3 trickling from his side ;aud I bound np the wound as well as I could. He th'en stag gered to his feet and whined, audoaught my sleeve with hiB teeth, and showed mo as plainly as if he had spoken that he wanted me to follow him. ■ “ I took up the lantern and he wagged his tail-and licked my hand; and we scrambled' np the bank together, and then, always whining, and looking back, he led the way into the bash. The brushwood was so thick and dense that I was al most beat. I could scarcely force «iy way dljrongh ; but whenever I stopped ot eet a , mouthful of breath, he whined and ■fawned on trie, and pulled at my sleeve, and shovyed such an agony of distress that I could ,:not but pity the poor dumb beast, and make all the haste I could to follow. By this time the day was beginning to break, and it was not so dark as it had been. He had led me to a sort of;caye formed by a shelf of rock pro jecting from the bank, and there, wrapped in a tartan shawl was a sight that brought my heart to my mouth.. A girl, a bit lassie, so sorely wasted and spent that I lifted her np in my aims like a child and carried her up to the open.’ Her eyes were olosed, and she seemed too far gone for speech ; but there was life in her still, as I could see by the flickering of her eyelids when I stooped down toUook ather. . “As for tho dog, who had orawled after us, he looked up in my face with his pathetic eyes-, full of a dumb prayer for help; and then—for he was -fairly beat, and could not; I believe, have dragged his trembling limbs another step—he stretched himself on the grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand, I was in such a state of exoitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to do ; but I got some water and lavsd her face and. moistened her lips; and when she had swallowed a few drops she came ronnd so far that she could utter a-word or two in a faint whisper. “ Thus, bit by bit, I got her story. She and her father had been on their way home from the goldfields, and he had a consider able sum of money on him, how math slio scarcely’ knew, and it made little matter, for,.it was all gone. In a darksome gully ’..on/■ the -road he had been set upon anti robbed and murdered ; and'bW had flea ioip the bush like a distracted orea tnre, and ‘Wandered about day and night till Bill had come back- to her, and she had fol lowed hiui to'this oavo, where she bad lived for some weeks on such berries and roots as she,, could’ find. She was afraid to leave ’ its poor shelter, for she had lost her way - completely, and wiis thoroughly bewildered; and so, when the supplies of roots and berries—never very plentiful in an Australian bush—began to run short, . she gave" herself up for lost, and lay down in despair to die. • Poor thing! My heart was in my mouth as I listened. Gaunt and haggard as she was,.it was easy to see that she had been a bonny lassie; and her voice was so sweet that it was like a song from ~ Paradise. ‘ Ton must, not speak’ of dying,’ I said— ‘you that‘have all your life before you, and nan scarcely tell yet how pleasant a thing it is to live.’ “ ‘I have no desire to live longer,’she said. * 1 have nothing to live for now that my father is gone and she olosed her eyes and shuddered. ’ .‘She spoke with a prettyaccent,andhervoice sounded in my lonely ears like the sweetest music I had ever heard; bat although she was so gentle and sweet, she quite knocked all the conceit out of me, and 1 could. only stare at her and mumble, ‘ Ho, no; you must not talk of dying.’ “ When sjie reviyed a little, I carried her down to the place where I left my horse, and by his aid I got her hqrne. tp my ■ hut, where she lay formany dSjfklnore’ deud than alive. She wanted, nothing-.hut' a sip ot water or tea; and1' when she oame ronnd a little, a mouthful of damper. . It was poor fare for an.,, invalid, ' and one, too, who had evidently been daintily nurtured ; and I expected nothing-but that', t would kill her oniright. She rallied, however, ana got up at last, and crept to thCdoor; and the fresh air helped to strengthen her ; and, as was natural for so. y.Quug a creature, the heavy cloud,' bf - grief that had oversha dowed ter lightened a little, and ■ she began to sing softly to herself, in a sorrowful heart broken way, that saddened me to hear, hut was better for herself, maybe, than the .silent despair in whioh Bhe had been since ■the day I found her., . - ^ ’ ' ■ “As for Bill liereite liad got better long before she was able to move about; and although he always took a charge of her, he showed a great affection fqr me, and liked nothing better than to follow me about. “ I could make out nothing clearly about Katie—for that sh’e, told me was her name—except ticif she [was the daughter of'- a poor gentlemantn-that’’ her mother .’was -Retail? and ’ ‘that she and-. haftrfather h&d; always - been alkin aj^tiJ each!. «TOrrH« had made money aPttlie^ diggings,'bat that .was gone’; sheovas 211 that was. left; rhnd I oh’uld see for myself that she was th’e bonniest bit lassie that ever gladdened a man’s Heart. Her eyes were bright and blue, like the dewy bells I need to gather when 1 was a laddie on the Godecrofc rigs ; her bait h'ad ’the color and glint of burnished gold-; and her cheeks began to Bho w tn» loveliest color, like that of the sweet fresh wild’roses’. ' “I think) see her as if u were ftnf yesterday shaking back the curling hair from her brow, and lifting her bonny bit face to mine, and asking how she was to db this, ahd what she was .-to make of that, for she had never been used to work; and I. had to show her how . y the . .simplest things were done;,-., bnt ’ she was - qaioh at the uptake, and .-never heeded ■' to be told a thing twice V ahd I liked her to ask my ad vice, for when she did so, her eyes would shine like gems, and her face,' .would flush np almost as if she liked me; but that, I told myself, was impossible. “ The long and the,short of it wad that began to like her too well for my own peace. The only happy moments in my life were spent in watching her, or listening with the keenest- delight to 'every word she ottered. She told me often about the book's she hid read ; and Bhe spoke sometimes of the life she had led, a life altogether unlike mine. My heart sankwithin me when I thought it ovei. What was I that I should thipkof winning her love; I had nothing tot offer -her but the true affection of .a fbnd loving heart. I could not’even tell her how well-1 liked her. -1 trembled before her like an aspen leaf, and j 00ldd Marcoly get ont a word if it wore I save my life. That was a • rough time on me» 1 mates. I was so wretched that 1 got sour l and gruff, and spoke sharply to the very creature I conld have fallen down and worshipped. So, from less to more, sbe got to think I was tired of her presence there ; and one evening how well 1 remember it—she was standing full in the blaze of the firelight, her figure erect, her hands loosely olasped before her, ndne°°nnle blu° oyes fixed- wistfully on 1 ‘I most have been a great trouble to you. she said quietly. ‘ And“yon haveYeen vert good to me. And now I feel quite strong. If you will put me on the right road to-morrow, I will go away with Bill, and never trouble yon any more.' wiiV .iere * “I’hosfc shouted, dutch! ntr Bill’s collar as I spoke. goingthe oity *ik wa* thwe mV father as ; Have yon any friends there?’ ** No; I have no friends anywhere : bnt "fTe 1*?rDed to work. I shall find w there, I hope.’ “ ‘ Stay with me, Katie,’ I cried in utter despair. I have not much to offer you; but I ^ve,you—you must have seen how I love l“3be.d*d“°t answer me in words, but «>e stole her little soft hand into mine. How happy I was ! I. coaid scarcely ^Te — “T own good.fortnne, ; lor ;• I bad neyer. darad to hops that itwsa p<*> (fible^thatshe coald like me. * ’ MUHulhiug' to .ber . gained by waiting: Handsome trousseaux are not easily come by out in the Australian bush. We went down to the station, where the parson ohanced to be making his rounds, and were married. The. very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper, I think. We were like Adam and Eve in Paradise. I never saw the. sun shine so brightly as t.did that spring, or the grass look so fresh and green ; and my bonny'bit lassie was as pleased as a queen and as blithe as a mavis. If I were to speak for ever I conld never tell you of all the true and tender feeling of a lad and his lass who love each other as we did. Earth was like heaven to us, and that lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me 1. we were driven too soon from its shelter. “She was as merry as a linnet, aB I said before, and her eyes giansed like diamonds, and her oheek bloomed like the red, red rose ; but for all that, the canker was at the root of my bonny flower. She oomplatned of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnior everyday ; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself; but I struggled sore not to see it. “ ‘When I cannot stay any longer with you John,’ she said, ‘ promise to bury me besid my father.’ “Por I had gone out to the bush and lookec for the murdered man, and found him lyin£ where she had covered him up with leaves anc moss. A ghastly object he was to look at. with his skull beaten in, and his clothes all. covered with clotted blood ; and I hBd laid . him in a decent grave, and happit him np close and warm—for love of her, that was even then the very light of my eyes. “ ‘Don’tspeak in that way, Katie,’ I cried; ‘ I cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are better to-day—tell me that you feel stronger? ’ “ ‘I think I dp,’ she answered, looking wis. fully at me ; but that very night, when wa were sitting on a bench I had put np outside the door, she leaned her head against my shoulder, and I thought she was tired, and was fallingasleep; but after a few minutes she opened her eyes, and there was a solemn far-away look in their blno deeps that fairly frightened me. ‘John,’ she whispered so low tiiat I could' just hear her by bending down my ear to her mouth—‘ John, you have been' * dear good hu.band to me. Kies me, and hold mo fast, for I feel as if I were Blipping “ Woes me; how gladly would I have held her fast for ever ; but I could not; she was slipping away from me, and from all things earthly. There was a flatter of her bonny, whiteeyelids, along, long gasping breath,ax d she was gone. Bill, there, is all that Ihav left of her, and rough,, mongrel tyke that he ■ i*,tho money ii. not oomed that could buy him from mp !” • He drew his large brown hand across his eyes. “ It is years smee now, and the world has used me not unkindly. I am a prosperous man ; and iny wife up there—and be pointed to the village inn behind him—“ is a good woman, and has made me an excellent wife, and we are happy enough. I have nothing to complain of ;• but oh! I never lay my hand on Bill’s rough head but I think of my lost love, and the place whore she lies by the side of iier murdered father far out in the Ans— traliafi bush.’’—Chambers’s Journal. 