ALL MEN ARE LIARS. By JOSEPH HOCKING. CHAPTER XVI. CURRENT MORALITY. " Be not righteous overmuch : Be not overmuch wicked, neither be thou foolish." \- SOLOMON. The Colonel looked at his son-in-law for a few seconds, as though he were in doubt about how to proceed ; then he said loudly - " Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy ; I came to tell you - came to settle things. This Is a very had state of affairs; I don't like it, I have said so to Isabella dozens of times. I should like to be alone for a few minutes with you." " Gentlemen," I said, "there is another room at our disposal, if you will be good enough to follow me." " Thank you, thank you, young Daniel, that is Dr Roberts, and Mr - Mr Ilford ; so sorry to trouble you. I hope to see you again in a few minutes : especially do I want to have a chat with Edgcumbe." As it happened, however. neither of us saw the Colonel any more that night ; but Stephen told me what had taken place. " I - I came with my daughter's - that is - consent," began the Colonel. " Yes," said Stephen; " why has she not answered my letters ?" " Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even old fellows like I am, get a bit huffy now and then, when we don't get our own way - ha, ha !" and the Colonel laughed ueasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. " Isabella Is a Tempest," went on the Colonel, "and she has a temper : all the Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple, she didn't like your nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for you, she thinks you haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you must make some some - that is - concessions." " What concessions ?" "Just like a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and and - you can be now - easily." " Yes ; how ?' " Well, my friend Edgcumbe has weathered the storm, and has brought his ship safely into harbour. Isn't that poetical \- eh ? Well, he's a rich man again - to all intents and purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allowance. After, all, I'm almost glad you acted as you did, and I've said since, ' Stephen Temple was wise after all." It wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those - those - pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. But now it is all over. You can have a good allowance again; and when that is arranged, you - you can take your wife to your heart once more, and - and be - be happy. Come now, what do you say ?" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man ; he could hardly understand how he could talk so. " Am I to understand, then, that if my uncle will give me a good allowance, Isabella will consent to came back to me ?" " Yes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgcumbe and I. Eldgcumbe promised an allowance when - when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowl of punch on the strength of it." " And is this the only condition on which Isabella will come back to me ?" " Why, of course. You couldn't expect Isabella, a Tempest, and the wife of a Temple',"- here the Colonel expanded his chest t-" to go into lodgings and slave like the daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry. No, Stephen Temple : family is family, and blood is blood. lsabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy of her name ; she must live like a lady wherever she goes. I am a poor man, but, thank God, I've taught her the rights of a lady." " Which is most worthy of the rank of a lady ?" asked Stephen ; " to live in comparative luxury on money to which she has no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money I have earned ?" " What do you mean ?" asked the Colonel. " What right have I to an allowance from my uncle ?" asked Stephen. " He has not paid his creditors more than a third of what he owed them." " The whole matter has been settled at a court of law ; the law bas passed judgement," replied the Colonel, " and thus Edgcumbe is free." " The law has nothing to do with it. Whatever the law says, he owes this money : It does not belong to him, but his creditors." " I respect the majesty of the law," replied the Colonel. " True, I don't like these bankruptcy proceedings ; they are are - well, infra dig ; but the affair is over and what your uncle has now, is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants you. Let us settle things amicably." " I do want my wife ;" said Stephen ; but if she will come under no other conditions than these, I must remain as I am." " Do you mean to say you will not take this money ?" "Certainly not." The Colonel turned purple. " Refuse a thousand a year ?" he gasped. " Certainly, if it is not my own, and does not come to me fairly." " You - you blackguard," he cried. " You marry my daughter, you take her away from home, you low-lived scoundrel, then you discard her." " I don't," replied Stephen. " I will only too gladly welcome her back, if she will come as a wife should." " A Tempest come back to lodgings such as you can give her ?" shouted the Colonel. " Never ! A pretty sense of honour you've got, to marry a wife and then expect her father to keep her." " You know that is a lie," said Stephen. Ever since she left, I have sent her, as you know, every farthirg I could scrape together." " A paltry trifle !" " It was all I had," said Stephen ; " and certainly not too small a sum for you to accept. Come, Colonel, don't make me think worse of you than I think already. Have some sense of honour !" " You say this to me !" gasped the Colonel, " but you shall suffer for it. I'll no ionger breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen called us back again, and I knew from his pale, blanched face how keenly he had been suffering. He never said anything that night, however, and shortly after his uncle and Ilford took their leave. " Look here, Stephen," said Ilford, before they left ; "don't make your life more miserable than you can help. Make the best of this dirty world, my lad. Go into society and drink what pleasures it has. Give up these foolish idea of yours, accept others, and make the best of them." " Thank you," said Stephen ; and then heldout his hand to his uncle. " I shall give you no advice," said Luke. " You know what I think, and what I will gladly do for you ;" and I couldn't help seeing a look of real affection shining out of the cynic's eyes. For some time after this, I thought I saw a slight change for the better in my friend. That is, he looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings and was more like his old self. During the time I had lived in Battersea, I had become acquainted with several well- to-do families living at Wandsworth Common, and I was often invited to houses on Clapham Common. I had spoken about Stephen to people I knew and had interested them in him such that on one or two occasions, when they invited me to their houses, an invitation had also come for my friend. Up to this time he had refused them, but after his uncle's visit - I showed him a letter, containirg an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, and he told me he would be very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on the evening in question, we started for Clapham Common. On our way, I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Queen's Road. She was an old woman nearly seventy years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing, it was very cold, and I had told her that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room which she occupied - for Stephen went with me - we found her sitting beside the ghost of a fire, having sold, as she told me, an article of furniture to buy coals. " I was 'bilged to do it," she explained. " and 'twas 'ard ; you see, 'twas bought by my 'usband afore he died. Poor Bill, no, didn't think 'twould come to this ! But I'm agoln' to start tomorrow, I am. Two of my old customers her kept some things for me ; so now, please God, I'll rub on all right till next winter." " What do you do for a living ?" asked Stephen. " I'm a laundress," replied the woman. " Ye see, I'm not strong enough to go out a-charin' like I used to, and I takes 'ome the washln', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wi my rent while I've bin poorly, and you know washin' is bad for the bronchitis. Ye see, what with the steam and the heat indoors, and then a-takin' back the things in the cold, 'tis ter'ble tryin', ter'ble ; but summer is comin' on now, so I don't mind." " And how much do you owe for rent i" asked Stephen. " I owe four weeks"," replied the old woman, " and that at five shillin' a week do make a pound." " And how much can you earn when you are in full work ?" " Oh, sometimes I make as rmuch as twelve shillin', but it do seldom get to more'n ten." " Then how will you manage to pay your back rent ?" " Oh, I'll have to do it by littles, I will. My landlord hev bin patient with me, 'cause I've bin 'ere so long and paId so reg'lar. I can do all right in the summer. It's the dinter I dread so." " And how old are you ?" " I wer sixty-nine last Chris'mas. You see, I'm not so spry as I was, and my joints ache a goodish blt ; but I'm goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." '" A most respectable old woman," I said to Stephen when we left the house a few minutes later. " Sober and industrious." Are there many like her ?" he asked. " Oh, yes, many. Battersea is crowded with laundry people." " And are they all as badly off as she ?" " Most old people are worse. You see. she's sober and saving." " Saving !" he exclaimed. " God have mercy upon them ! It seems to me that those who drink and drown their cares are best off." Little more was said about the question juat then, and soon after, we reached the house of Mrs Augustus Price. This lady's house was exceeding popular, and that for many reasons. First of all, Mrs Augustus lPrice was very popular. Mr Augustus Price, who had been, when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader in fashionable ctociety ; but somehow she failed. It is true that her money gained her admission to many desirable houses ; but she did not climb to the position she wanted. She therefore removed to Clapham Common, where, although the people were not so high!y connected as those in Kensirgton, she ertah!ished herself as a queen of a certain order. Mrs Price, who was about thirty-five years of age, prided herself upon having many unconventional ideas. " I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often said ; and so she sought to maintain her reputation by making her house a rendezvous for people holding all shades of opinions. And such is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. " I'm a woman of open mind," she said. " What are opinions ? A matter of temperament, education, and associations. All sorts of opinions shall be represented at my house." And, true to her word, all sorts of opinions were represented there. The High church vicar and the Radical Dissenting parson met there ; and, although each hated the other's ways like poison, they pocketed their dislike and accepted Mrs Price's invitation, not caring to make an enemy of a lady who gave such delightful dinners, and whose cheques were so acceptable. The \------- also sat at her table, providing he was respectable, as well as being conservative. Theosophists, atheists, agnostics, frocked ministers and believers in all sorts of New Jerusalems all received Mrs Price's invitations. " Let them be clever, well educated, well-dressed and - respectable," Mrs Price would say, " and the more curious their opinions the better. They give life and interest ; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature ; and, as I expected, when Stephen and i arrived, her house was full of people holding very diverse opinions. Stephen immediately made a good impression on our hostess. She saw in an instant that he was clever, and his fine, interesting face, added to what I had said to her concerning him, won her interest immediately. " You've been asked in a most unconventional way, Mr Edgcumbe," she said ; * but then I'm an unconventional woman - In fact, I hate what's supposed to be proper. So you'll find people here holding all sorls of views, but mostly they are people of - brains. In fact, whatever else i can dispense with, I cannot dispense with - brains. Money I care little about, social position doesn't trouble me, but brains - I adore ! So I try and make my gatherings feasts of reason. There'll be little or no dancing, and that kind of thing ; but conversatios on art, science. literature, and - religion - all sorts of it, you know." I felt the speech to be loud, and not in the best of taste ; but Mrs Price was a fine lookirg woman, and she smiled very sweetly at Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her welcome. Certainly there was no restraint at Mrs Price's house. The people were chatting very freely, and the conversation was not of a nature which one too often finds in polite gatherings. Society small talk sas at a discount. As our hostess had said, the people had brains, and thus music, pictures, politics, and books were discussed with a greal deal of cleverness. I was glad, too to see that my friend was appreciated in the circle. For my own part, I was never a gifted talker, and I wondered why Mr Price cared to have me ; but I soon saw that Stephen would become a favourite. Before long I noticed him in earnest conversation with a young lady, who I cannot deecribe better than by saying she was straw-coloured. Her hair was straw-coloured, including her eyelashes and eyebrows, broes, her skin was straw-coloured, and the trimmings of her dress were straw-coloured \- in fact, that was the chief characteristic about her appearance. " I never go Into ordinary society during Lent," she said, " and of course, we are in the middle of Lent now. I wouldn't go to a theatre or to a dance for the world during Lent, you know, although I adore theatre and dance, as a general thing. But, of course, Mrs Price's evenings are different ; they are so serious. so intellectual, you know, and we talk on all subjects seriously." " Are you a Catholic ?" " A Catholic, but not a Roman Catholic. I belong to the Anglican Church, St Mary Magdalene's, you know. It's delightfully high, of course. I hate low churches." " And you don't call this going into ordinary society ?" " Oh dear, no. Of course, I wouldn't come here on a Friday ; but even our curate, the Rev. Mr Cross. is here tonight, and I believe our vicar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, is coming presently, so you see I'm quite safe." " Oh, yes, quite safe," said Stephen with a smile. " Isn't it delightful to see such trust and faith in our spiritual pastors and masters, Mr Edgcumbe ?" said someone close to him. Stephen turned and saw a man about fifty, with bleary eyes and an iron and grey moustache, who had been introduced to him as Mr Hunter. " Delightful, indeed," responded Stephen. * Not that I am guilty of such trust and faith myself," laughed the mian, with a leer ; " but I appreciate it in those who do, especially in Miss Coolie ;" and he bowed to the straw-coloured young lady. " I'm a sad rake myself,' he went on ; " but perhaps I'll be converted at the eleventh hour - ha, ha ! " Before he could reply, a loud voice arrested hie attention, and it was the voice of a woman. " The great thing needed" she said, " is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part, I am a Socialist, and I'm proud of being one. Surely it cannot be right that three million people should be left uncertain of the absolute necoesities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned." " Oh," said Mr Hunter, " our fair friend, Miss Dart, is at it again." " l have just been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the condition of things is terrible, terrible in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dozen people living in one small room. This must be remedied." " What would you soggest ?" asked someone. " Would it not be well if you set an example by spending a few thousands on model cottages ? You might immortalise yourself at the same time." " No, indeed, " said Miss Dart. " What is wanted. and what lies at the root of the evil, is the fact that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay. I am, after all, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be destroyed. Land lords who have a clear right to the land to be compensated, of course." " Miss Dart is a stockbroker's daughter," said the Rev. Mr Coss to Stephen ; " she is a Socialist and a Dissenter. Her father made money by being sharper on the Exchange than other people, and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. " Of course you are a Socialist, Mr Edgcumbe," she said questioningly, after soup had been served. "I hardly know," replied Stephen. " You see, Socialism is a subject with serious issues. How do you define it ?" " Oh, the land being nationalised ; rail roads, coal-mines, gas-works and all those things made the property of the people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the Commons paid. I should insist on payment of members, or how can we have proper represerentatlon, Mr Edgcumbe ? Everybcdy happy, and just a lovely time together." " It is a beautiful picture, no doubt," said Stephen, " only there is the fact of human nature that comes in." " Oh, I trust the people. I'm a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man, Mr Edgcumbe - perfectly dote on him. We had one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendlidly. Oh, yes, I love the working man ; don't you, Mr Edgcumbe ?" " I'm afraid I'm behind the times, Miss Dart ; but I'm glad to see you so enthusiastic; " and be give her a look which was not lacking in admiration. She was certainly rather handsome. She was not tall but well formed, and finely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinating. She was handsomely dressed too, and on her fingers flashed costly rings, while on her neck hung a diamond necklace. " I am glad I have met one so full of sympathy towards the poor. It so happens I am interested in a poor old woman at present. No doubt you will be able to go and see her ;" and he related the incident which I have describecd in the early part of this chapter. " No, Mr Edgcumbe, no," she said ; " that is not my way of working. For my own part I don't think much of individual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens aire mere palilatives ; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we destroy the present system of things." "And meanwhile, then starving must remain starving ? " " Well, you see, we must work in our own way, musn't we, Mr Edgcumbe ? Of course, you are in favour of the abolition of capital punishment ?" Stephen shrugged his shoulders ; he was getting a little weary of Miss Dart. Before he could reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation which was being carried on at another part of the table. CHAPTER XVII. UNCONVENTIONAL SOCIETY. " The man who worships in the temple of knowledge must carry his arms with him as Puritan forefathers had to do when they gathered in their first rude meeting- houses." -Oliver Wendall Holmes. "Yes," said a gentleman, who I afterwards learnt was a leaderwriter for one of the daily papers, and whose voice had attracted Stephen's attention ; " there is no doubt about women having their rights. I hope the men will be getting theirs soon." " Men have always had their rights, but women are being emancipated at last," responded Miss Dart. " Even young girls today are taking an interest in such things." " Taking an interest, my dear young lady - taking an interest ; they are among the most important factors of our times." " And perfectly right." " Oh, doubtless. The world has suffered too long for the want of their experience and influence, far too long. But things are mending ; they are taking the place of the old folks altogether. Time was when they were a little patronised. There were books specially written for young girls, and approved by the older folks. Now, as was suggested in a leader in the Daily the other day, the young girls ought to sample the libraries and pick out the books not fit for the old folks to read. And really the suggestion is worth considering Why should the old folks' morals be endangered by the books which our girls write and read to-day ? You see, these old folks mostly believe in the sacredness of marriage, and such old-fashioned ideas. Why, then, should books be placed in their hands dealing with these questions. Of course, girls should be versed in the seamy side of things, and should grapple with marriage relations, improvement of marriage laws, and so on. They should study the life of those heroines who believe in making divorce easy, or, better still, do away with the marriage ceremony altogether. And of course, the old folks should have such books kept out of their way as they would endanger their old-fasbloned codes." Stephen was attracted by the half bantering, half-cynical tone of the speaker, and was a little astonished that the speech caused no surprise ; but then he reflected on the words of his hostess. She hated unconventionality. " For my part," said Miss Dart, " I do not see why thoughtful women should he tied down to old codes of morality. We must think our own thoughts, and adapt ourselves to the times in which we live. If our codes are higher than those gone before, surely the old ones should die out. ' " Hear, hear," said a man who I had not seen before - a man who Mrs. Price assured me pretended to believe in all creeds, so far as they agreed with his own inclinations, and who prided himself upon being called a latitudinarian. " I must agree with our fair friend Miss Dart. Every age must work out its own system ; every country must be guided by what is deems best, regardless of tradition. Besides, what is the use of glossing over matters ? Questions are in the air, and they are talked about, and I know of no better place to properly discuss them than In novels. For my part I regard the realistic school of novelists as being a great boon to our time." " Meanwhile," said Mr Holland, the leader-writer, " I think the old folks ought to be considered. And so I hope that a few writers of the Dickens and Sir Walter Scott order, who take no delight in so-called modern problems, will be allowed to write for these dear, ignorant old people. Of course, the mental pabulum of our young people, especially our young girls, must be highly spiced, as they can't be expected to enjoy good old love stories ; but I do plead for the mothers and fathers, who in spite of the spirit of the age, enjoy old-fashioned, healthy romances." " Isn't Mr Holland old-fashioned ?" said Miss Dart to Stephen ; " that is, he seems to be ; but no one really knows what his views are." Stephen answered her as brielfly as possible and then turned to Mr Holland. " Don't you think," he said, " that the kind of literature issued is altogether a matter of supply and demand ?" " I suppose so. The cry is for realism. The critics laugh at books not realistic ; the modern young lady throws aside the books not realistic. And so-called realism generally means dirt." " And the publishers ?" " The publishers produce that which will sell. They are businessmen, and they respond to the call of the novel-reading public, which consists mostly of women - young women." " Then the call of young women is for dirt ?" " Delightfully frank," said Mrs Price ; " but I do like frankness." " But cruelly correct," said Mr Holland. " We move forward, you see," said Mrs Price. " This is a truth-loving age, and we will have truth at whatever cost. Certain things exist, whether we know them or not. How can they be removed unless they are brought to light ?" " Excuse me," said Stephen, "but do realistic writers describe certain phases of life for the purpose of reforming them ? Are they not spoken of as necessary accompaniments of our existence, and the natural outcome of our natures ?" " Yes," replied Mr Holland. " The modern society novel is delightfully free from moral purpose. You see, moral purpose is inmical to art, and the moment a writer condescends to point a moral he is regarded as a bore. Oh, you know we must have art, whatever becomes of morals. Art, as interpreted by a certain clique, is the god worshipped in literary coteries, my dear friends ;" and Mr Holland's grey eyes twinkled ; " if ever you write a novel that is to be succeoeful, you must bow the knee to the critics' ideas of ART." " And morals ? " suggested Stephen. " My dear sir, who troubles about morals ? Did not Mr Berryman tell us just now that morals were but mere questions of taste, age, education, and nationality - mere trifles, in fact ; but art - of course art as popularly uvnderstood, never changes.' A sally of laughter was the response to this speech, but I saw by Stephen's face that he saw no reason to laugh. His intense nature, which had been darkened by his experiences, was deeply moved by this talk. " And what kind of a moral condition does this prove ? what of the general condition of the people whose tastes lie in this direction ?" he asked. I saw a general shrug of the shoulders, and then Mr Holland replied - " Logic is a bad thing, Mr Edgcumbe ; never trouble with logic. Don't you see where it will lead you ?" The conversation was becoming more and more painfully interesting to Stephen. To many who sat at the table the questions discussed meant nothing. True, anything slightly novel was interesting to them, especially if it had a tendency to destroy existing codes ; but as far as the deep, vital issues were concerned, there was little but indifference. Indeed, I am inclined to think that the ordinary diner-out, to whom such questions give the necessary relish to an evening's gatihering, never troubles himself deeply. " Let us have things as highly flavored as we can,' is his cry ; but be has no idea how his statements affect sensitive, earnest men and women. For my own part I knew that Stephen was going through an ordeal, and I felt almost sorry that I had been the means of bringing him to this house. However, I could do nothing but wait and see what would follow." " However," went on Mr Holland, " things will be all right shortly. The women claim now that it is their work to reform that quintessence of iniquity called man. She says - and by 'she' I mean the emancipated woman - that she Is in the majority. In the past, men have made our social codes, but in the future they will be made by women. In the past men have governed the women ; in the future women will govern the men. Ah, those will be glorious times ! Once let women's views, as expressed in society nove!s, become factors in our legislation, and the milennium will come. I hope I may not live to see that day, much as I admire the fair sex ; but then, you see, I am an old fashioned man." " For my own part," said Stephen, a flush mantling his face, " I trust, and I am trying to believe, that you are mistaken. I remember I had a mother; and if I lost faith in the purity of womanhood - life would be different." " Mr Edgcumbe, hold fast to your beliefs," said Mr Holland. " I too, remember that I had a mother, and I enshrine my ideal." " We are getting quite sentimental," said Miss Dart. " Quite," said Mr Hunter : " only unfortunately ideas were born in Utopia, and I suspect our mothers were like creatures to the fair sex of to-day, only-more hum-drum. No doubt a pink of propriety looks nice in a picture, but she's awfully slow and uninteresting. For my own part, I'm glad there is a little wlckedness in the world ; it gives zest, and something to talk about." There was a hideous leer on the man's face as he spoke, which betokened him to be what he was - a libertine at heart ; but his speech went unchallenged, save for a feeble rejoinder from the curate, to which scant respect was paid. That gentleman left immediately afterwards, however, pending an engagement ; but I saw that he had been very uncomfortable through the dinner, and seemed altogether out of hIs element. The talk of the men over their wine need not be related here ; at the same time I saw that it affected Stephen. The suhject was the frailty of women, instanced by certain actresses and well-known names in certain parts of society. Nothing brutally plain was said, but by prurient suggestions and innuendo these men expressed their ideas concerning morality. Stephen said nothing, but I saw how keenly he listened, especially as Mr Hunter sneered at those men who " believed in the sex." When we joined the ladies, several of them were chatting, while Miss Coolie, the straw-coloured young lady, sang a song. "I suppose you know that Miss Coolie is to be married shortly ?" said Miss Dart to Stephen, who took a seat by her side. " No : who is the happy man ?" " Mr Hunter." "Mr Hunter !" " Yes; are you surprised ? He's a very good catch." " But she told me she was a communicant at some High Church near here. She gave me the impression that she was a very religious young lady, who wouldn't go to a theatre or a dance during Lent, and so on." " 0h, yes, she's very religious. Orthodox, you know. I'm religious myself, only not Iike her. I take a great interest in modern thought, and I belong to the broad school which believes in destroying the creeds. I expect I subscribe to the broad-thinking Unitarian school, the tendency of which is towards agnosticism. That seems the drift of all thoughtul people now-a-days. But Miss Coolie is very orthodox, and very high. Goes to early Sacrament and all that, you know, and fasts on the proper days, ard Is quite a Church devotee." " But Mr Hunter is - is - " " No, he's not quite a saint, is he ?" " But Miss Coolie doesn't know that - that - " " Of course she knows, everybody knows ; but then he's a good catch, and it Is regarded as quite the thing." And then, as Miss Coolie stopped singing, the conversation drifted into other channels. To Be Continued.) 