CHIUDRElrS COLUMN. A VICTIM OF TWINS. (By C. M. THOMPSON.) Mr. and Mrs. Prescott stood on the piazza at the side of their cottage by the ees watobing tlw two twins. Standing with their backs to their parents, these young gentlemen were proudly regarding a gigantic back-net at the end of their tennis conrt. Directly behind the net was a email grove of scrubby pines, which in the twilight showed merely as an irregular blotch of black. Dressed alike in suit of white flannel the twins appeared against this in bold relief, like white silhouettes. The back-Btop which the twins were so proudly regarding was, to tell the truth, rather shaky. They had somewhere found an old fish-net, which they had nailed to two poles. So much of the work had been easy; but the task of setting the poles upright in the ground had Jwen long and difficult. When the uprights were finally planted, and their bases abundantly bolstered with rocks, they appeared desirous to fall into each other's arms, like long-lost brothers. A tennis ball driven I swiftly and accurately into the centre of the net would undoubtedly have brought them together. But the twins thought their work perfect. Mr. Prescott casually noticed that one of the boys had his hands in his pockets. " Tell him," said he to hiB wife, " to take his hands out of his pockets." «' Is it Max or Mort ?" asked the mother. " Oh, I don't know 1" said her husband. "Neither do I," returned his wife "They both laugh a little." " Why did you let them get those ridiculouB white suits?" asked Mr. Prescott. " in that dress it is impossible to tell them apart." " They've got on different colored neckties," said his wife. " Well, ask them to turn round." " 0 boys!" oalled Mrs. Prescott The twinB turned with precision, and faced their parents expectantly. The one on the left wore a blue, the one on the right % red scarf. .The one on the right was Mort, the one on jeft was Max. " Morton," said his mother, " take yonr hands from yonr pocketsI" Max tittered and Mort sheepishly obeyed. Then both came forward. " Boys," continued the mother, " your father and X are going to drive over to the Blake's this evening. Maggie is going out too. Do you think you can go to bed quietly at the proper time." "YeB'm," said Mort. " Of course," said Max. A few minutes later, and she and her husband were driving out of the yard Mrs. Presoott caught sight of the servant leaving the house. "Be sura and be in by 10, Maggie,' she called, " Mr; Prescott and I will not return till late.*! 7;' " Yis, mum," said Maggie. At the moment, a lank pedestrian WSB walking lazily along the road. By* certain added self-consciousness in his gait close observer might have guessed that the brief dialogue was not without its interest for him. This was Styggles, a man whom an uncharitable father had without remorse christened Hodijah. His father, Hodijah said, had taken mean advantage of hiB youth. " I've heard," he added, "of men with elephant on their hands, and I gaesB they was sorter embarrassed; but I'm the only man I know of whose father made bim a birthday present of two elephants. Seein' I've got to drive them two elephants—one of 'em Hodijah and t'other Styggles— tandem all my life Igoess Ituay be excused f'm doing anything else, ez the work is wearinV Consequently ^ Hodijih was the most completely shiftless man in the not far distant village where he lived.- When he could not avoid it he did odd jobs about town; but for the most part he loafed. On this particular evening Hodijah was onhis way to join some cronies who were poing out in/a boat ostensibly to fish. UotilMr. and Mrs. Prescott had driven hy him he walked as if on his way to the bedside of a dying friend. Then began to loiter as if it bad suddenly occurred to him that his friend's name was Metbnselaht And as he loitered, thought. " That ere city chap that jest drove by, 1 be said to himself, « was a mighty dick fookin' feller. Guess they hant been iBfferln' much up *hfere tie lives for a meal of victuals. Haint et all they've got, most c likely. .Got so muoh on hand prob'ly they have to feed cold roast chicken and mincet' th' pigs ev'ry mornin'. Wouldn't surprised a mite if that was so. " Why, my soul and body, it's a ein and ame" his thoughts were after some wandering j " there aint no sense in • tempering pigs no sich a fashion no how. [ guess 'twould be doin' no harm if I sh'd kinder get ahead .of that feller's pigs. Taint likely they'd keer, not havin' no partio'lar prefrence for roast chicken, so far as I knows on. I guess that city feller'd jist as lives feed 'em on plain swill, jest for once. It 'ud be a pity for them pigs to have dispepBy, and I ain't going to allow it nuther!" concluded Hodijah, in a warm glow of philanthropy as he thrust an enterprising leg over the fence. As he landed on the other side he gave startled "Ugh!" Then he laughed. The laugh came when he discovered that the white thing he had stepped on was nothing more harmful than a piece of linen, blown probably from the Prescotts 1 clothes line. " I guess there aint nothing white that wouldn't scare me all ter flinders in the dark," he reflected. " They do BBy there aint no sich a thing as ghoste nohow, Mebby there aint. There aint likely to be none in this here orchard anyhow. Ghosts aint constituted right for eating apples not accordiu' to what I've hearn tell, though per cont'ry, green apples isn' likely to do 'em muoh hurt nuther. Any how, I'll resk it." " ' So Baying, Hodijah slunk in among the trees of the Presoott orchard, there to await the proper moment for his contemplated attack upon the Prescott pantry. The twins, like the good boys they were, went to bed at the hour of nine, Once in bed, however, they thought it no Bin to eDjoy a vigorous if brief pillow fight, Then they lay quietly for a little while but presently Max rolled over and whispered in Mort's ear: " I'm awfully hungry." "So'm I," said Mort. " There's pie in the pantry," whispered Max. " Go get it," said Mort. " No—you get it," said Max. " No, you get it," whispered Mort, " I got it last time." Max, considering the argument valid, slipped out of bed, and encouraged by the softly spoken "Good for you!" of his brother, began feeling bis cautious way downstairs. It was intensely dark. Max, however, knowing the location of every article of furniture in it, made his way quickly without noise or acoident to the door of the kitchen. Here he began groping for the knob; but grasped instead something rough and woolly. The next instant he received a a blow upon his head which first made him see a dozen rockets bursting in air, and then have the siokening sensation of falling down, down, down. Then he lost consciousness. Hodijah had given the blow. Pie in band, he had started to leave the kitchen as Max had started to enter. Frightened by the sudden hand laid upon his coat, hp had dropped his plunder and struck out fiercely in the dark. The blow, the result of a blind Instinct of self-protection, had knocked Max senseless on the floor. With the oppressive stillness that followed the noise of his unseen enemy's fall, a new terror entered the heart of Hodijah and held it still. Was he whom he had struck down in the dark, dfad ? Hodijah did not care to stir. He felt himself held fast in the impalpable grip of that horror which walketh in darkness. Then an overpowering curiosity invaded him to look upon tho face of his victim. He felt it rise in bis heart and spread itself through his rigid body until it fairly trembled in bis finger tips. Dominated by this morbid desire, and wholly against hiB will, he began to fumble in his pocket for a match. While he himself was filled with an insane hope that no match was there, this curiosity, like the alien will of a mesmerist, forced him to feel in one pocket after another until at last the match waB found; and its will, not his, compelled him to strike the match and turn terrified eyes toward the face upon the f l °It was the face of a young boy—and it was white and beautiful. In the brief space, during which the match flamed up, every line of that stUl was burned into Hodijah'* memory as if with a brand. In a second mote wild remorse filled his heart, mingled with fear. He arose and fled. He had entered the house by one of the long asement window which opened from the sitting-room upon the piszza at the side. To reach the sitting-room he must pass through the front hall. Thither consequently he rushed, careless now what noise be made. With an increase of panic he perceived that a soft light pervaded the ball. Casting his eyes upwards he saw a sight which froze his blood. There, on the landing at the elbow of the stairway, stood the double of him who lay white and still in the room beyond. One hand of the figure rested lightly on the stair-rail, the other held aloft a small candle the pale light of which dwelt mysteriously in the fold of the long white robes that fell in straight lines from the youthful shoulders, gave strange glints Of gold to the aubaro hair that crowned the head like an aureola, and caused the dark eyes to shine with a brilliancy that seemed supernatural. Indeed, under the soft flame of the candle Mort looked the angel of light which his mother thought him—sometimes. To the pitiable scamp, a prey of superstitious terror below, he was a visitor from another world, whose beauty made him the more appalling. Hodijah, in fact, found meeting a ghost as discomposing as his fondest fancy had painted. He felt cold about the roots of his hair; his spine seemed ice, his blood a glacial stream. He had no strength in hie knees. His eyes bulged out. His feet seemei fastened as with rivets to the floor, and lie trembled. The two stood there a moment gazing at each other. Naturally, Mort waB the first to recover his self possession. For him the encounter held little that was terrifying. He was not, indeed, quite sure that what he saw before him was a gawky fellow who seemed badly scared, though in the dim light it seemed to be. Anyway, if the intruder was frightened, he reflected sagely, why should he himself be? So to make sure, he put out one white foot, and with questioning eyes stepped down one stair. The movement was too much for Hodijah. With a gurgled yell he sprang into the sitting-room, crashed through the window, cleared the piazza at a bound-and sped toward the grove of pines at the rear of the house. Mort, stopping to comprehend no more than that the enemy was in full flight, ottered a whoop of victory. "Come on, Max, come on!" he shouted, and plunged after the flying Hodijah. The candle went out. Mort flung it away. His long nightgown bothered him, but like a racer who girds up his loins, he gathered it about him and away, so excited he scarce knew what he was doing. Certainly in this moment he was an odd figure of a ghost. The frightened Hodijah ran wildly on. Once he looked over his shoulder. There behind him followed the white figure, and seemed to his heated imagination fairly to fly over the ground. Indeed, Mort was close upon his heels. With the energy of despair Hodijah redoubled his pace and ran for his life, where he caTed not, until—ugh! what clinging horror was this in which he felt himself tripped and fallen and hideously emeshed, as in some exaggerated Bpider's web ? Mort saw the burglar crash headlong into the tennis back- net—then poles, net, man, all came in one confused heap to earth. Whoopinglikeanlndian, Mort circled about the sprawling and kicking man; then he darted upon him as a spider dartB npon a fly, and in three seconds more bad him so thoroughly wrapped np and enveloped in the net that escape waB impossible. Finally, to make assurance doubly sure* he sat down—a solid ghost 1—plumply on Hodijah's neck. From this novel restingplace, to an accompaniment of gasps and gurgles from beneath, he began hallooing to his brother. " Come on, Max," he called, " I've got him!" Max, on recovering consciousness, "was at first decidedly dazed. He did not know what had happened to him. He felt that the floor was hard and his head eched ; all else was a blank. For a minute he lay quiet. Then, feeling a little stronger, he raised himself upon his knees. In so doing bis hand came in contact with the pie which Hodijah in his flight had dropped. Atthishebegantoremomber. He had come downstairs after pie—yes, that was It—and had fallen, or ruu into something hard. Then it occurred to him that his brother must be growing impatient, and he got up to go to him, pie in hand. As he did so he heard Mort shouting outside the house! and, full of surprise, he made his way to the piazza. There he dimly made out a white figure sitting on a heap of something dark, and heard bis brother's voice calling-— " Come on, Max! Help me hold this burglar." The word " burglar" cured M&x; at onos of all his pains. In his excitement he no longer took count ofGO small an ill as a headache. "I'm cominghe shonted. "I'm comiog! " Sit on his legs and stop his kicking," said Mort, breathlessly, when his brother arrived. "There, that's it! He's all right now, I think. Just think, Max, we've caught a burglar ! I guess father won't laugh at us any more now. My! won't he be surprised ? I wish I bad that pie, just the same!" " I've got it," said Max; and the boys began munching the pie, seated tranquilly on Hodijah's back. As they ate, the boy talked. " I'd like to know where you've been all the time, Max," said Mort. " Why, I ran into a door or something, and it just laid me flat. I didn't hear anything till you called. Say, where'd yon find the burglar 1 Was he iu our room 1 My, if I'd seen him 1" " 'Twa'nt in the room," said Mort. I heard you tumble, but didn't think anythink of it. Then you didn't come back, and I waa afraid you were eating all the pie. And I met the burglar in the hall. You bet he was scared, though 1" Hodij lh, who had been lying still for a few moments, collecting his scattered senses, now spoke. " Be you fellers both alive ?" he asked, doubtfully. Well, I rather guess we are 1" said Mort. " Wal," said Hodijib, "I'mmighty glad on it—you kin bet your bottom dollar on that without much risk, now I tell ye." He heaved a sigh of unutterable relief. "What does he mean 1" said Max to Mort. " How comes it that you two fellers look so consirnedly alike 1" asked Hodij ih after a pause. " We're twins 1" said Max. "Oh, ye be, be yeT muttered Mr, Styggles. "Say," he resumed after a moment's thought, "ye needn't be ofFrin' me none of that pie, 'oause I don't want none." Soon the moon which rose that evening, flooded the grounds with pale light. Mr. and Mrs. Prescott, driving into the yard, saw the two white figures in the tennis* court. " Mercy on ns!" said their mother. " Boys," said their father sharply, " what are you two doing there in your nightgowns 7" " Sitting on a burglar!'" cried Max, and Mort.—Boston Youth's Companion. ODAMB' SHEEP TIPS give the best results, Use them. Tbe children all love them and take no other—. ABNOTTS MILK ARROWROOT BISCUITS. 