1'They_ .Say : ln openll coIinui.. Cunmeut must be fair m. wn. itholut t.lici. ,The. Editor. not responsible for opinions cspr sscd ] .??o,have received a: letter from Mr. C. Benson in which hestates a oaragrapli in the " They; Say ?' column" Lothe. effect that he was out of work is untrue. Mr. Benson as sures us.lhe is in work and. we are glad, to hear it.-Editor. . " To the'Editor;' Tflar Sir -Just a space in your columns and your lfedisi's w'ill sell all right,' even better than last'Satuiday. 'A 'friend of mihe has received an invitation to lMiss O's wedding With Mr. d, wvhich will ,fake place on We: Inday, the 13th August, aiid a Ibt:of usoboys 'iare goii?lg to give her a Eiirnbecue'wc"werie nOt' aslke to her wed dings 'She is going td hfiave allt 'toffs-si tuggs-wanted: 'H F: is a biroken dwn toff. He is giving baby's loots foi a present.--1 remain, a friend of Willies. "August.6th, .1895. W.,hat p?c?Lena, going,,to. hbe.,married fqFed'ly 7, ...~ p . . bosr drin. k :: "'Wl o is thie oung laly- ldarr F, triedl to aiaslk on S dneui-m d Monday. morning? H'. . eware, keep your bunches of violets to yourself instead of giving them to Lena, for she will never give you an invitation to the wedding. Teddy is going on'his. a honeymoon to Brighton. - ; f What lPrice' PIrey K. nqt getiifig an invi tation to the *edding/ i.s ,it because' he carts spawls ? IlHahai.i r.: Who was th'e Oolnrg buttci"t tb?t turned cocktail and winht ti:the pairty.in Louisa street. Wanted to knrw-TI vei. f e144iecains to bring their own seats when they attend a party ? Since Sammy J. of Lydia-street goes with Johanna D. of the golden street, 'E dunno whlere 'I 'are. Say, there must hl'e been a' fire since Bubber M. has got a donalh. ' The New' BIokrnaker will have results of all races losted at the'Retreat IHotel imme diately after each race. If W. Mrs. of BUnllocck paddock left the bottle alone, the Lyr lliii', would go pop. Wonder what Svg~y 3ai e hbis been doing since her boy has bIen wishy4 ' She has been feeling 'terrible, has got s thin and can't sleep of a night thinking. Who was the young mahn that had to wait at the 'cordier and came away disappointed last Thursda,'niglt: Sudla n ine'moonliglht to.• Oh, whiat-n.aahasBh.--Smmy.' ' The pavilion on the local reserve during the 'week has been the favorite resort of loafers, Who wiaste their valuless time in des troying the pay. Signs bf the times-the activity of clec tioncering bummers on Sydney-ro.ad. ,Don't you twig it 1 Wicks six goals first quarter last Saturday. Marvellous. This is a record 'for the.Wicks. Never been done before since the team has been formed. Comben, the Wicks high jumper, is fit for any senior. Stump Lily was shadow-catching during the first part of the game last week. Some of the. Wicks try too much running with the ball. Should take their kick. Brighton are the worst team in the V.J.F. A. and Preston the pluckiest. Rich. City had twenty one men playing lirst quarter. Upon being lined up the extra man jumped into an overcoat; winked his uther eye and cleared. Its all the rage now. What 1 Twang. Lucas is one of the best junior umpires, if not the best. Harry, who was defeated in the most sriginal character, is going to open up nego liations with the suburban ghost for the loan of his suit for the conling Coburg show. Tips for the coming elections-I-ae for the Sorth ; Old Rooks for the Middle; Paddy Eaor the South. Any price. S3Iore honors for the Pots boys-'Oldfel a,' The Green Knight; ' Steve,' Marquis of 0oat Town; ' Bob Tamson,' Major Darton Artillery. Up to date-Alone in West Brunswick ifter dark-chased by the shadow of a lamp pot1. For one night only. What price Alec Mc. smoking a pipe. 'It nearly worries hlim. Since Fred It., the butcher boy, got tan boots 'E dunno where 'E are. Who was. the young lady that fell over a ,oat into the mud 1 Surely not Lilly B. Now that long Herb has gone away. Young.WValter is all alone; So for the wear of the loft floor he'll have to pay, As he 'dances there on his ownv. A large crowd of spectators witnessed the execution of two dogs by the old hunter, but were dis.apointed by the bad shooting, as the oh fellow Was out of form. Wal will use'a knife and fork' with any man. By OGeorge we're glad to see our.Wesleyan nightingale back from the sad sea wave. Hope she is going to stop this time. Amy, don't le Rash, the game is not (H)all up yet. .Wanted in \Ves. choir, a good bass singer. YWhy not apply John IIcenry B l Clansee says lie cannot get jam. for his luncheon now as Jessie piles it on herself and wastes it down Blyth-street. W. ho wo-as the young lady that presented Rymer with that fancy 'collar' and broach.l Very stylish Frank. 'hy, not try, petti coats ? Who is the young girl that is in thelhabit of loosing pumpkin jam :down Blyth-street every morning. Jessie, osow can. you spare it, my dear 1. , From appearance, the little girl with the big collar is very spooney with that boy, and she such a young thing 'too. Dicon, Alice, its orful. What are these moulds we behold at the Brunswiok signal box 1 Surely not a Jew isls burial ground. Ask Jink.. Who was the young man that was Wim pering for a grind stone, as he said he wanted to tone dessies imaginations down as they were getting bayond :ulmiration ? Try sand paper, Freddie. Trant and Slob say there are no free lun cheons at the Moreland like the Demo, where Wilsee and Clansee attend. . Charlie is Phill-up of West Australia. Winds are too bleak, although Jessie still hdhls her head as high as ever. Tommy M. waits for her at Blytih street. Who is the young lady that says 'the Brunswick boys are not good enough for.her. -Rose P. Who is. the boy that thinks all-the girls are chasing him ? Surely not Freddie W. Ted ' H., looks fine on his chestnut horse, especially when he has got a side of mutton in the basket.? Since Jack has got that toffy overcoat he don't Canrh about the cold weather. There is Heeps of fun in the' town hall when a a concert is on. ' A man namnedl Mitchell, with \Vhite.lock(Q) wasHawkin(s) some meat to lhoowns which was Griffin' by Ford, but Owen to the' bad weather it was dangerous to go: arsund the Peak, alone, .because he might have hap pened to Twiss off his horse, which belonged to,John-son, andvas a bit' WVild, ;and not having Bcn-net tihe pIlacc.before, ha took a Marsbhall with him so, as he would not be Grunty. S.,think the young lady with the Richmofil dolduis"must have won, because she 'has such a winning way. .All tioe ovho g,' o Lcggett- ing down c-st (including Sally and Jimmy) after. Annie, Mabel dind Lily andti Anies cousimn, have not met 8iirinig'-heel'Jick yct oi they Would not go so pften. .Who u-s that Coung "irl that got a hit or two 'boshdt the head with an umbrella Satur day night ' L. V., surely not. Rather a nasty .remark Dick W. made oni the HIpestreet baby. Mind it don't come liomne, Dick" H'-?rry,: .th? butter boy, is getting quite matr-monializedl since Cokidded him up Stewart- street' Alplhoinzo aind Frelddio ought to learn Moom lessons and not gaze on the weather sdek' oh the stable so much. Dardlie looks better hanging out blankets than blowing the big drum. Oh, yes . : .:Poor Sammie drew the last pbund out of the bank to get married on. He did ndt think it woul cost ,so much.. ; ' SSofty says he is taking lessoqns in pogil;ln and intends giving dib a dloing " : Softyinteinds ldcturnin on dcats aid digs. 'Mohawk is' tolsh fdor the posh.' He vas :'Dicon'to :to lOtlOd0 "ut sy Kity dtlown'?cast blackdiei her cyr~o;riw fir sh? docs not, they lire atll?el;: - "a hllla.h ha Brotlher Judge is going to give the meum lers of the N.M.S.C. a lecture on 15 yarlds I of tape on Thursday evening. Brady was in great form with the gun when he shot the two dogs. Never mind the monkey on the pole but come and have a shot at the drowning dogs. lierb has arrived at Seymour but has not yet seen the ghost. Darky P'. invites tenders for a whip. Sammie has got quite domesticated. Car. ries home the groceries on Saturday. Next we will see him with a pram. Rooster is billed to sing ' Mollie Riley' at their next show. Honest Hearn thinks it is better to live on a little than to outlive a great deal. Lord Bob has done'a silly thing, He entered for the boxing ring. The first box he h.al with Squire fell flat It made poor. Bob look rather fat. He began to shout, 'Oh, dear, oh, my,' But Squire finished him with a cbld black eye The rest all laughed and said,' ha, ha, Send him home to his ma-ma.' Since theh Bob vowed to never take part In a sport which formerly he took to heart. 'Twas the other ni'ght, poor old Jack, Got his eye painted black ; Playing football so hI brags, With somne Brunswick toe-rags. if. G., thLe vice'presiiirtit, and Bro. BIirns are going to start a lecturing tour. Those trwh wish to join have to give 3d worth of whisker seeds. Tit-bits is on the look out for a pair of long pants. Apply 318 Sydney- road. Who is the lady in Lobb-streot that wants to buy a phaeton 1 Look out, F., while the cash is about. Owing to pressure on our space we have been compelled to hold many items over. 