BURNED FOR A WITCH. STORY OF THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. Eight mm were recently sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from sis months to twenty years for the murder of u woman named Cooper, whom they 1 under the delusion that thev were destroying a with. The fol lowing particulars of the crime are taken from tiieLondou ''Times":— A sbookiug ooourrence, recalling the bar barities practised in the Middle Ages upon prit-onera charged with witchcraft, has taken plaoe ai Baltyvauben, a village situate on tbe slopes of triieveu&man;, in the county Tippe- rary. It would be incredible if the account „ .c <ub.r,iiti4t3l bp the sworn evidence of witnesses. Two men and a woman are charged with oausing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named Bridget Cleary, wife of a cooper, by foroing her, as she was suffering from nervous excite- inent and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and theo seizing bcr and roastiug her under tbe euppoeiriou that she was a witsh. Her husband called ou her to say, in the name of God, that she was not his wife. She was held over a fire to make her say this. These proceedings were repeated oil the fol lowing uight, wnen the husband knocked her down, stripped off all her olothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set fire to her with a buruiuR stick from the hearth. While she was burning to death there were present six of the male nrisoners and two women, all re latives of the deceased. Some of thorn re monstrated with the husbnnd, but did notli- i mi more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witch, and that she would disappear up the chimney. During the process of the protracted and terrible tortures described by a witness as having been inflicted on the unfortunate woman, some of the party repealed the words, 4 Come home, Bridget Bolntid" (the maiden name of the viotiai), in the belief, ap parent, that they were doing what was 1 necessary to bring back the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the "good people," the fairies, and that ij was u super stitious counterfeit they wero cruelly killing. The savage orgies were formed in the house of the woman's father. The dead body of the victim, wilhthestomacb burnt tbroueh, was found buried in a ditch alter a week. Tbe following is taken from the evidence at the magisterial investigation at Clon al el William Simpson, & caretaker, stated that on the night of the tragedy he went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs Bourke aud her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, end on rcachiug it heard shouts, apparently iu men's voice, oi "Take it, you old , or I'll kill you." He could not seeiu through the windew, but the door opeued shortly af terwaids, and they v/eut iu. Colonel Evaneon: Was there anything that led to the door being opened ? The witness: They were obliged to open the dojr. as I thought, to put out the fairies. Coutinuiug his evideuoe, he eaid lhathe aud the two women went in, aud Ifaey heard frhouts of 44 Away she go ; away i-he go." He then saw a number of men holding Mrs C-lcftry iu bed. These were Johu Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, James Kennedy and Wm. Ktmuedy. Mrs Geary's husband was stand ing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and lie asked Mrs Cleary, "Are you Bridget BoUnd wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost?" She said, in reply, 44 Yes, lam." Tlie question was repeated several times. Witueis saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepau. There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife's mouth, and she resisted. Water, ton, won thrown over her. Pat Bolaud a?kcd her, 14 Are you tbe daughter of Tat Boland? Answer, in the name of the Father, the Sou, and tbe Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once, (uefliioned ae to what these people wei call in the hou-e together, for wit- nose eaid he believed 44 they were driving out the witch," aud the door was opm for the purpose When she would not answer the question i-ome one, he believed Johu Ouuu, ssid 41 Slake down a good fire, aud we'll make Ler autwer." There win a fire huruiug at this time iu the kitchen. .She was then carried in front o; the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Keuuf-dy, \\\ iUi&m;'Jvcnucdy, aud her husband, and was again asked the same iju-stions. "Witncie did not remember her inikiug an answer. Tbe men who were holding her theu laid her otcr the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all tic time. The body was bent, and forced in on the grate, aud her hips rested on it. The other persons in thn room made no sign of , disapproval. In reply to her father, who aked her, 44 Are you the daughter of Pat rick Bolund, wife of Michael Cleary ? An swer me in the name of God." She said, 44 1 am, dada." Tney were theu eatisfied they had tueir own. What do you mean by that?— That they Lad Mrs Cleary, tni not a witch. Theu what had they cot before?— They believed they hBd a wifch. They shook her when she was in tbe bed, saying, "Away I wiih you. Coinu home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God." The same men took her off the fire when ehe had answeted satisfac torily. She was 'hen put into bed, and they atsked her questions, aud she reoognised all in the room. Some of those in tbe room then txied to console her. At C o'clock iu the morning Cleary weut for the priest. The Rev. C. F. Ryan was next examined, and stated that ho attended the dooeaaed woman previous to ber death, and gave her the last rites of the Ghurob. On the Satur day following her death he saw Cleary inthe church iu Draogan. He was behaving like a madman, tearing hie hair, and appeared to be suffering from remorse. He aeked witness if he thought be would ever be forgiven. Dunn, who was along with Cleary, told witness that "they had burned her to death and buried lier, aud that be had been asking Cleory all the morning to give .her Christian burial. Had he known thsre was any such thiug as witchcraft or foul play he would have refused to say mass in the house. He had communicated with the polire, and told them to have thnir eye on Cleary Oq Tuesday Mrs Simpson, tbe wife of the witness W illiam Simpson, generally oonfirmed his story. When the womau was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a slow fire, not hot enough to boil a kettle, the witness heard it said by some that "All the ques tions should be answered before midnight," which she understood to mean that tlie witoh could not be driveu away later than mid- midnight. She saw nothing ia reference to & hot poker, but there w&b; a mark as of a burn on the forobead of the decease 1. She knew where the 4 'fairy ring" was at JLylenacranagh Fort, but was never there - She heard Cleary tell her nuaband on the Suuday following th? murder that his wife waa at Kylenagranagb, that they wonld go for Iter, that ahe wonld be on a grey horse, and that they would have to nt the oords that bound ber on tbe horse. She did not know whether they went. Father Ryan denounced the outrage in the strongest terms in Gloaeen Chapel, and called upon those of hie hearers who knsw anytheng of the affair to communicate with e authorities . 