A GHOST STORY. Fen somo weeks past it appears, the village of Durweston, near Blunford, Dorset, has been tho scene of much excitement, ' in con sequence of the supposition that one of III cottages is haunted. The cottage it owned by Viscount Portman, and until recently baa been occupied by a widow named Best and three little girls. Mora than a month since Mrs. Best became puzzled by faiot knocking and scratching in various parts of tbe house, , 1 and as the days passed there waa a repetition of these strange noises, which gradually increased in sound until they could be heard bp the next door neighbour, a keeper named Nawman, Tho visitations continued day, and tbe knocking and tapping and saraping the walls camo more frequently. The woman became distracted, and with the three girls sought a refuge in her neighbour's house. On Thursday evening last week the strangest occurrence happened. On one oveing the strangest occurrence happened. It seems that the woman had taken to answoring the knocks of late, and asked the ' agency' to knock a certain number of times if 'it' desired to write something on a slate. The number of knocks stated were given, and it was arranged that a slate, with pencil should be placed on the bed room window. The rector and the school master were present at this time. Mrs, Best and the children went to bed, aod the knocking immediately commenced. No writing, however, at first appeared on the slate, and tho question was asked if it waa necessary for those in the room (the rector and the schoolmaster) to leave ; if so, so many knocks were to be given. The stated number of knocks were given, and it was then agreed that tbe rector should remain on top of the staircase, provided with a light and the bedroom door was left open. In the rector's own words, ha heard scribbling on the slats immediately follow, and tha pencil was dropped after giving four taps. Ho rushed into the room, and band Mrs, Best end the children still in bod, and not a sign that they had moved. On going to the slate he distinotiy saw written, in rather better than sohoolboe handwriting the words ' Mony,' ' Garden/ and above the formsr and below the later wore two naughts. Further questions to tho 'sgsnoy' elioited tbe information that the mony wat six yarda from tho house and six feat In the ground. Tbo reotor told a reporter that he was prepared to take an oath that no one in the houso wore tbe worda. It may ha added tha) the indication of ' mony ' being in the garden baa not reanited in a searob. 