/' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. UNDER TIE SRAM OF CRIME ; OR, JHB MYSTERY OF , CLEMENT DUNBAVEN, / By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. Author .of .. '"A GIRL 'iN A THOUSAND," ' "SEALED. BY A KISS," "BY "" Pair means," &c.; ; COPYRIGHT. -CHAPTER XXX— (Continued.) > 'EI -will go with you, Clem, dear— 'rorgive me'fpr being so selfish. Order a > carriage' for 5 o'clock ; it will be cooler then." Ho kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in him, a mere criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to . his. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction he' thought he would go to the post-office and seo if there :were any letters. , Owing to some un certainty .about their rooms in tho hotel all letters' were to be sent "posto -rostante,"-' a plan which especially suited Sir Clement, as he could thus re ceive letters fromLisbcth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. There was ono awaiting (iim now, with a small P marked in the corner, which meant that lie was to 4pen it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told- her to put it, she had declined, Sitying " that the letters she intended to write him in the future would be of such a nature that anyone might read them." r Something unexpected, then, had pccurred, '. Sir Clement feared, as . lie qtood.in . the 'street tearing open the letter with trembling lingers, "per haps the other child also was dead." J3y one of those perverse wlums for which he himself could have given no reuson, ever since the boy's death, Clement Dunraven had found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of /vv.hpso existence lip had not taken mijr!apCouht until >wi|hin the last few. If any sickness or trouble bad over taken her he felt he would bo sorry on his own account as well as for Lis- beth's, whose idol he know she was. But Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began, by telling him so, and. lie felt relieved. Very soon, however, was he'to have his rising spirits dashed to the ground as.Jie went ou witli the letter and read thd-'wliole account of Lisbeth's inter view with the Rev. Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relentless pursuer who must inevit ably, sooner or later, find out his sin. ' Lisbeth had been most judicious, and had- laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman thut she was ; but there was no Baying when it would begin to stalk again, or at what point of his travels lie might meet it. ' He took a long walk before he re turned to Lady Gertrude, although there were several letters at tho post- ,<ffice which heknewshe would beglad to her questioning glances until, after this fresh blow, lie could manage to assume something of his wonted calm. One omission he blamed Lisbeth for In his mind. ' Why had she not asked where on tlie' Continent this persistent parson raa going to take his sick wife. It louid have been bo easy to avoid that prticular spot, and -with the amail means the Singletons had they were not likely to travel about much. Now he would bo kept iu constant dread, examining hotel visitors' books, looking into tho fuoo of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, lest thoman who spokeshould be Single ton, whose personal appearance he lind totally forgotten. Oh, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life-drama he had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. When he reached the hotel, before he went into the room- where Lndy Gertrude was, lie began tho inquiries which would now be his daily task, by examining the book that lay on the table in the hall. No such name as Singleton. He passed on to his wife's sofa with tho letters he had brought for her. While sho read them ho stood look ing' at himself in the glass that hung over the mantel-shelf. Engrossed in her correspondence, she did not - heed what , he was doing until he said : . "Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. It will bo wonderfully loss trouble than shav ing, and. rather becoming, ' too, I suspect." . She laughed as she said : ' " You conceited boy, yes, lot it grow. I should like to seo you with a beard. No ono will recognise you when you get back to England." She little guessed that tins was what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, evory particle of it had died out of him months ago. The subje'et of the beard-was not pursued. Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to it being grown, and that was all he wanted. Still she was too much taken up with her letters to think of anything but them for tho moment. "They will bo hereto-day, Clem," she cried. " By ' they ' I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Marcia ?" " Exactly. I am so glad." And the- oxoitemont she showed about the matter quito verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would be in fused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about the spectro Single ton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banquo's ghost and trouble the seemingly even cur rent of his days. ..Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by the time they returned to the hotel the drive through the sweet, balmy air and the fragrance from tho woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellers had just arrived when they roturned, and the greetings were most affectionate, though naturally .tempered with sadness, as Lady Ger- , trude's trouble had fallen upon her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delano had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Marcia, notwith standing licr supposed ailments, had ' never lost hers, so tho dinner which Sir Clement . h'n'd ordered with much care was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimon which Sir Clement had for some time past been proscribing for her in his mind had begun with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or following the fate of many anothor regimen that has gone beforo it, would tho test be too severe for her slender stock of strength ? It seemed almost like it, for by the time thoy allowed her to jo off to bed her vitality was so completely spont that sho nearly fainted when sho tried to walk across tlie room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own annrtmcnts. Lady Marcia shook her head anxi ously as she saw them depart. " Alas, alas," sho said, " where is our bonnio blithe Gertrude of lang syne. Oh for the days that are gone." " Thoy will return, at an events let us hope so," said Elvira, " Clement seems devoted, why should they not be happy? When I thought he loved another woman I doubted thab they could ever bo so, but < I " think, we maligned him — I believe Gertio is his only love." , Lady Marcia shrugged her shouldors. . " I dori't'-Jcnow what 'it all means," she said. "ilt is beyond you and' me to fathom, but there is something very queer about Clomont, and in conse quence about Gertio. Whether she knows what it is or not I cannot mako ou.t, but whatever the trouble, it is killing her." " Oh, Lady Marcia, do you not think that it is sorrow over tho baby's death that' is making her. ill, ' and. with time she will got over it" as others have done before .her 1" "She was quite , as queer before the bnby .'died, and as for him can any thing be stranger than his' ways ? lie gives- vou .the idea of 'a man. who is always expecting abaijiffoj' somep'olico official to: tap him;'6n tho 'lshpuldor. Between' .you and'. me/ Elvira, ;"and with' closed .doors, I shquldhaye hnlf- sgspjeoted.'he.had had. something to do ,'Avith; poor. Aierco Yaughan's d,eath if he 'hp'd' not1 been almost as qu.edt bqfore itjhappeiipdif ; \ '; ":Ohj i/doii't," cr jedElvira, " pray don't go oh/;' 'I shall nob' sleep a wink if you put such ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully, tired." Then, woman like, she. asked, " What/jdo you think he had done ?" . "-i-V;:;- " Goodness knows | '/Cihfc info some trouble before he ' was mafricd, I dare say, and which/lie .is aiyyays suspect ing will corno out 'and make a scandal. But here he comes and, > with a sud den change of voice and. manner, Lady Marcia continued — "I'hih sure you will like . Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a protty place, and the .right sorb of peoplo are always to be found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement ?" : ." No., We have been.. about. so little, it has -been so difficult .to rouse. Gertie, but T»hope she .will tie' better -now, '-'you have come." "I Hope so, indeed. We will do our best to amuse her. Wo liavo liad a very pleasant time--havc uiet a lot of desirable people." . " And some very undesirable ones," put iu Elvira. ... "Oh, that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advantages, they often amuso you and circulate your, blood by making you laugh. That oddity who proposed to you on tho platform of the railway station for example." The wretch !" " Hullo, Elvira, have you had a proposal ?" asked Sir Clement, fencing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhero. " You did not accept him, I hope. What will Berkeley say ? " Elvira did not answer,' but she coloured up and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. " And then there were those queer people who arrived at Basle the night before wo loft. A burly north- country parson and an invalid wife." Neithor could speak a word of any language but their own, and yet- they were most fussy and loquacious. . If Elvira' and I'liad not come to'the rescue, mddanie would have gone suppei'less to. bed, for, no one in the hotel could liavo understood, that 'the deboeuf' could possibly mean 1 consomme.' " Sir Clement laughed, still he looked and felt very uncomfortable. " I thought they spoko English now in all the big hotels," ho said. "So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were all in an. annexe with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. And the discomfort that particular couple would have ex perienced without our assistance would, I think, have made tHem return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope I shall see him again, He gave mo his card. I wonder what I did with it," She felt in her pocket and produced a small case, from which she drew tho object for which sho was looking — Rev. Abel Singleton. "There it is; look at. it, Clement. Such a name— Abel. He: lives up to it, too, for he looks like an antediluvian animal." Sir Clement took the card, which trembled in his fingers. So they wore at Basle. He was glad to know their where abouts ; still it was a shock to learn that Lady Marcia and Elvira had been in direct communication with these dreaded people, " Wo tried to persuade them to come here," wont on Lady Marcia, "by telling them we were sure it was just the place for an invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that we could not move them.1' ' ' How thankful Sir Cloment was that they were -immovable, who shall - say; still it was do; pleasing matter for contemplation that these , jntimato friends of his wifo's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed .that .light 'on his past , life which must inevitably ruin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her he throw Mr. Singleton's card back to Lady Marcia and asked : "How do you think my Gertie is looking — better or worse than you ex pected!" Lady Marcia, .with her usual blunt-; ness, answered straightforwardly— ."Worse. ' If you don't tako care, Clement, she will slip through your fingers.. I can't think what on earth it is that has worried Iter into this condition — but I suppose you know ?" ' " Is sho worried J" " Come, como, man, don't pretend — of course she is worried. Do you and sho have disagreements in private? You will say that it is not my busi ness, but if anyone gives me the idea or an unnappy who, is is poor, aear Gertie." (TO BE CONTINUE!!.) The Manly Cq-operativo Ferry Co. make- the announccmout that io future special steamers will leave tho Government wharf at YVoolloomoaloo Bay for Manly every Sunday at 10.30 and 12 a.m. and 2.30 aud 4 p.m., tho return trips holng made at lit 5 a.m. and 12.45, 3.15 and 5 p.m. 