PROMPTER# DIAS. achatwithti(e veteran. theatric. reminis cences. "the baflie was bad, "butthe dugald was — 1" A "Herald" reporter had an Interest ing chat with Joe Dias, the veteran player and prompter, at the Old Actors' Home, Northcote, on Saturday after noon. Joseph Ih a hale and htmrty gen- tleman of G8 summers, nnd as happy a mortal as one could hoi>o to meet In a long day's Journey. Jle joined the old Queen's Theatre, Melbourne (owned by the late Mr John Thomas Smith! In '51, when. Charley Young wns manager, and played In such stirring dramas an The Eleventh Hour, or The Midnight Murder on the Moor. Those were the wool and tallow days of t"he colony, before thu discovery of gold, when Melbourne could boast of but one theatre, and th.ot open for three nights a week only. These were the days when actors were not too big for their buskins, when Claude Melnotte was not above appearing as pantomime clown on the same evening as he wooed the glorious Pauline. But, it should be mentioned. Joe Dias, before going on at the Queen's, had appeared, with con siderable success, on the boards of the Geelong Theatre In the lively entertain ment Box and Cox. The prompter's last regular engage ment was at the Theatre Royal, during the final season of llie H«,rwood, Cop- pin and Stewart proprietary. Since then he has had occasional "collars," some of which were the reverse of profitable. Once, while attached to a certain company, thu season terminat ed abruptly. Tho star-manager failed to put hi an appearance one night, and the duty of announcing the melancholy fact to the public was shunted upon poo'r Joe Dlas. But he rose to the oc casion. and stepping manfully to the footlights he addressed the audience al most In the words of tho Divine Wil liam:— "You need not wait, gentlemen, — has tied to Richmond." The old man Is unable to say what became of the gate money on that memorable even ing, hut he distinctly remembers that there was no "divvy" for the "com- puny;" also that the ghost hod ceased to walk long anterior to the departure of the manager to Richmond, or elsewhere. More recently, Dlas hod another unfortunate Melbourne engage ment, his manager "compounding" lo inc extent ol one smiling in me pounu. Homo time In '52 Joe went to Bcndlgo and BaUurat. Ho had later on a four years' straight - out engagement in the latter town, where there were then three theatres run ning— tho Montezuma, Sir Charles Napier and the Victoria/— besides sun dry music luills. Among the old play bills adorning tho veteran's reception room at the Old Actors' Home is one of ( the Montezuma, dated 21st December, ; 1S55 — Just 40 years ugo! The pieces stag ed were The Stranger and The Wan dering Minstrel, and G. V. Brooke, Rob ert Heir, George Coppln and Funny Cathcart were among the players. Joe was the prompter. The benefit of G. V. Brooke— he was to appear as Riche lieu was announced for thu play hill for tho 2nd January following. Mr Dlas rememlwre Mr George Cop- pin as fur back as '49, when the futuru manager was ap;>earing at Solomon's Theatre, Adelaide. The proprietor of ! thLs place of entertainment, a droll He brew, was accustomed to say to bis acquaintances : "There wens two Solo mons. One wus a clever man who built a temple. The other was a fool, : who built a theatre." Tho retired prompter and the late Mr Grevllle, comedian, wore fast friends, and Dlas prides himself on having In duced tho latter to adopt the stage as a profession. This was at Bcndlgo In '54. Grevllle was a music hall artist when Joe "discovered" him. About the same tlmo, tlie old prompter told our repre sentative, Mr Ilurwood, afterwards manager and comedian, was splitting timber in Hawpit Gully, and once, whim a troupe of travelling mummers passed his way, ho exclaimed, "There they go —liappy fellows!" At tho termination of this anecdote Dlas remarked: "lie (Mr Harwood) had not then Joined the stage," Inferring, perhaps, that the life of a player, oven In the Victorian gol den era, was nut all beer and skittles. A mild razzle-duzzle was not regard ed as a crime on the goldficlds of Vic toria in tlie fifties. Once while Joe wus taking a holiday in Melbourne Mr Gre vllle, who wus then lesseo of the Monte zuma, wrote asking htm to come to work, and enclosing tlie couch fare for the Journey, some £6— liow the railways would have puid If they had then been built!— and Joseph set out and arrived In due course. At the theatre he asked to see tho manager, a gentleman with a Scriptural surname. Someone point ed to an adjacent gutter, where Dins saw tho functionary In question, prone and sleeping off the effects of a carouse. When the manager was aroused he said to Joe, "I know you, nnd I know your father, Come and see me to-morrow." Then he lay book in the gutter, and resumed his happy drenm. Once at Castlomulne the veteran was touring it on his own account, and bills were printed to anuounce his appeal- unco— he was to tnkc six different pjtrtu 1 —In a sketch called "The Day After the Fair." The hills were entrusted to a local sticker, who promised to make a good display In nnd around the town ship. But, unfortunately for the come dian, the man got drunk before any bills were posted, and he lay down and . fell asleep beside the creek. By and bye an Intelligent Mount Alexander goat found her way to the paste-pot, and when the bill-sticker awoke he saw his empty bucket far away down in the watercourse, whllo the bloated quad ruped gazed guiltily at It from the bonk. When the advertising artist took in the situation he tossed the bundle of posters . after the paste-pot, remarking that It was too late in the day to think of doing any business. Then he went back to tlie hotel, free from care. In tho sajno town Joseph had another unpleasant experience. A company with which ho wnH travelling was "strand ed" at tho Mount. The manager was In default at the iKiarding-house, and supplies were stopped. It had been ar ranged that a performance of Othello would bo given for tho benefit of the landlord, and, on tlie strength of this, the poor players oslced for dinner. Dlas was spokesman. Mine host replied : "You can havo a very nlco dinner by paying for It." Joe, who was cast for Roderlgo In tho tragedy, went out k Into the street, and met a waggoner, on old acquaintance, who offered to givo him a trip to Mel bourne. Tho player accepted. As he was putting his chattels In the waggon, tlie boarding-house man came up and said, "I think this is a bit mean, Mr Dlas, You promised to play Roderlgo for my ben." "Look here, old man," sold Joe, as he tumbled into the cart after his belongings, 'Yon can havo a very nlco Roderlgo by paying for ttl" At Dendlgo a benefit was once orga nised In aid of a popular storekeeper— afterwards a well-known auctioneer In Melbourne— who had come down in tho world, and Joe Dlas appeared as Jaolc Bheppord on the occasion. A pair of handcuffs wore required for tho part, and tho camp was ransacked In vain for the needed darbies. Tho noarest thing that could be got were a pair of bullock hobbles, and these were pressed Into service. . "I covered tliem up as best I could with ray cuffs," explained the old actor when telling the story. There la a framed relic In his reception room of which the veteran Is Justly proud. It Is "a general licence and au thority" from Governor Barkly to John Musgrave and Joseph Dias to give thefr trlcat representations and exhibitions In Victoria. Joo tells a capital story at tin Incident that occurred during the cur rency of this partnership. Musgrave bad been playing Nlcol Jarvle and Dins the Dugahl crcatiiro in "Bob Roy"— Uw late Mr Grevllle was Included In the cast —at the Bcndlgo theatre. It was a sul try night, and the Dugald was exhaust ed after his long and fierce combat with Captain Thornton (Grevllle). So the partners, after the fall of the curtain, went to tho nearest pub. In search of a well-deserved reviver. Home Scotch diggers In the bar, who had been to the play, invited the new-comers to a "whisky." The North Britons were In a Jovial mood, and when friendship had been cemented by several rounds of the national beverage, Joe ventured to ask one of tho men wiuit he thought of the performance. The honest gold-seeker | replied, "Man, tho Bailie was bad ! oneuch, but the Dugald was simply dawnuiablo !" Musgrave and Dlas hur riedly finished their nohhlern and left i the bar and the outspoken critic In dls- gust. I The genial Joseph was expecting a surprise party of village ladles while | our reporter was at the Homo, und, fearing that he would lie considered do ' trop when the function began, the "Herald" man, after expressing thanks for the audience, took his leave of the cheerful ex-mummer. 