BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The Half-yearly Meeting. Second Conferenoo. On Thursday afternoon the delegates nnd visitors mot in tbo Baptist Cliareb for a confer- unco on " Holps and hindrances to Cliureh pros- porily," This was opened by a paper read by Rev T. Leitoh, who said tho meaning of the worus unorcu prosperity " was too evident to reqairo definition. He then procoeded to enumerate aoveral helps, the negatives of which in each case he regarded as hindrances. (1.) Churches should not bo planted too closely togethor, cipoclally in sparsely populated dis tricts. Tho result of doing to was half empty churches, Underpaid ministers, and denomina tional jealousies, IIo advocated an arrange ment amongst the various religious denomina tions to provuut such rivalry in limited spheres. (2.) Churches should be built in good contral positions easy of acccsi by tho goneral public. Their message was for the people, to carry the gospel to ovury creature, and they should follow tho exarnplo of those wlmceterodforpuhlicamuse- meuts iu gelling sites in contral positions. (3 ) To havo tho building in some measure adapted to tbo purpose for which it is orccted. Acoustics sud ventilation should be considered ruthorlhan the ambitions of tho Architect. ) Thu preacher should havo a clear cnll from Qod to tho work. Uncertainty en this point was sure to have a disquieting and weakening uiTout on tho truo-heartud worker. (5 ) Ministerial oill- oiensy. This was a most iin|H>rtant faotor.— 'I'lio ministry of to-day must bo both scholarly nnd devout. Thoy could uot afford to sacrifice Clio one or tho other. (5.) A loving people. When tho pastor finds fault with the peoplo, or tho with tho pastor, no church can progross or pros per. (7.) A loyal peoplo. Loyal to their pastor, their ahurcb, ami their denomination. Whilst loving olhera they must hold firmly, loyally, nnd boldly to tho groat central principles of their denomination. (8.) A prayerful pooplo, It might be possiblo to gather u crowd and rotain a congregation, but thoy oould not carry on tho business of sou) saving without tho spirit of graco aud-of supplication. .Some of their churches wore little bolter than spiritual cooling chambers. (0.) An aotivo punnlo, To overy man his work, Every follower of Jesus should bo worker in some department of Christian service. (10.) Good government, Alany churches had beon split up and almost ruined by mismanagement and want nf business capacity. (1J.) Attractive services. IIo thought tho Sunday services should bo distinct. The ministor should be a pastor lu thu morning und an ovangoliBtiu tho evening. Ho would uvold BODsatioiml methods of attracting people, but ho saw no objection to making uao of musio for lim purposo. (12.) I'rcaoh the old gospel unil not tnodom speculative thought. The eternal verities preached iu thu irawor of tho Holy Ghost would briog church prosperity. At tho closo of the paper a conference took placo duriog which reference was made to soat rents, and to church policy. Emphasis was ulso given (0 the necessity of raising the spiritual tone of thu churchcR, without which none of tho holps moutiotiod would he uiTcctivo. loa was Borvt-d in tho Church at 0 o'clock for tho visitors, at tho conclusion of which tho Rev. W. Whale, as President expressed tlio thanks of tho Association to tho hosts and hostesses who had entertained the delegates, especially thanking those who wero not connected with tho Baptist Choroh ; also to Messrs, J, Broadfoot, T. Juck, C. Cooks, and W. Broudfoot who had placed their horses and vehicles at thu servico of tho delegates, to tho Taoicoouiba Chronicle mul l). J). Oaiette for their reports of tho proceedings ; and to the paster, officers, and ineinbora of the local Church and congregation for the very satisfactory arrangements maclo to sucuro thu success of the tucutings und lite comfort of tho dulegatos. This was seconded by tlin Itnv. W. Higiett, Secretary of tho Association, who re marked that the sorica of meetings had boun tho most successful of any of their half-yearly sessions. Rev. J. Glover responded on behalf of the Church and congrngation, and Mr. Murritt replied on behalf of the hosts und hostoascs not connected with the Church. 