THE GURRAGH CLUB. By The Flaneur. The Club's correspondence has now assumed such satisfactory proportions that Host Murty has erected for its reception a letter-box of such a gorgeous design that were Dan O'Connor to see it his snowy locks would turn as red as his own pillar boxes with sheer envy. The Curragh box is fashioned in the shape of the old Irish harp the aides being festooned with shamrocks, but instead of having wires it holds a centre-piece on which is painted a representation of the Feast of Tara with the famous chieftan Cormac MacAirt at the head of the ceremonies. This painting is not copied from a photo taken on the spot, of course, but the Ancient Irish were great at pen-picturing; and the precise and exhaustive accounts given of their lives and times in such old standard works as the Book of Ballymote, &c;, make the work of conveying stirring scenes, like the Feast of Tara, to canvass a very easy matter indeed. Why we do not see more pictures of the kind than the few on hand is a mystery, for scenes more splendid than those which characterized the old Irish feasts and ceremonies could not be conceived. In those days a man had to be ' every inch a King' before he could rule over his fellows. In these days the grandeur of a State ceremony is invariably spoilt by the insignificant barber's-clerk- looking party who leads the revels with about as much, grace and dignity as a bob-tailed monkey would show while sitting on a hot stove. Similar sentiments to the above must have been expressed at the unveiling of Murty's letter-box, for the Poor Scholar remarked: 'The Cormac alluded to appears to have been one of the most noble and illustrious Kings Old Erin ever saw. The Book of Navan, describing his appearance at Tara, says, 'Splendidly did Cormac enter this great assembly, for the equal of his form has not before appeared. Flowing, slightly curling, golden hair upon him. A red buckler with stars and animals of gold, and fastenings of silver, upon him. A crimson cloak, in wide descending folds, upon him, fastened at his breast by a golden brooch set with precious stones. A neck-torque of gold around his neck. A white shirt, with a full collar, and interwoven with red-gold thread upon him. A girdle of gold, inlaid with precious stones, around him. Two wonderful shoes of gold, with runnings of gold, upon him. Two spears, with golden sockets, in his hand, and with many rivets of red bronze. And he was, besides, himself symmetrical and beautiful of form, without blemish or reproach.' Look upon that picture of this glorious specimen of Irish manhood, sketched at a time when most of the neighbouring nations were living on raw meat in mud hovels, and then look on the pictures lately to hand of 'Tummy' Wales, the little, bald, fat man who falls off his war-charger every time the animal snorts, or of the washed-out rickety dude recently crowned Tsar of all the Russias. Peter the Great was something like a Tsar, but the limp looney on the Throne now is only a Tsardine— and a fishy crooked little beggar at that.' 'Begorra !' exclaimed Andy, 'that Ginirai Cormac must have been a perfect walking Mount Morgan with all that gold and glistening stuff about him; but if a king tramped round in that style now, by gannies his faithful subjects would run him along and pawn him.' 'I wonder what the Irish would say in those days,' remarked Killarney, 'if Cormac brought out his little black bag, introduced a game of baccarat, and 'took down' all the other chiefs for all the spare cash they had about them? I think the Four Masters and other distinguished editors of those times would have slated Cormac rather severely.' 'No doubt,' replied the Poor Scholar; 'but, as I was about to remark, the early Irish did cultivate muscle at the expense of mind, or prefer brawn to brains, as we in our wisdom do to-day; for Cormac, the son of Conn of the Hundred Battles, not only won fifty battles himself, but he is credited with being the author of the famous Saltair, a history of Ireland which, we are told, is ' the origin and fountain of the historians of Erinn from that period down to this time.' "Concerning the beneficent rule of Cormac, the Book of Navan says, 'The world was replete with all that was good in his time. The fruit and fat of the land, and the gifts of the sea, were in abundance in this king's reign. There were neither woundings nor robberies in his time, but everyone enjoyed his own in peace.' That was the blissful state of Ireland when it could boast of Home Rule in the days of Cormac. And it is a monstrous libel on our glorious country to say that her sons, who rule so wisely in other lands, could not successfully rule in their own.' 'True for you,' shouted Andy, ' and the devil's cure to them that says it !' The ceremony of opening Marty's new box being performed, and a proper libation being poured out to the god Mercury, and other patrons of the Postal Department, the Poor Scholar said ; ' We have occupied — not lost — so much, time in glancing at Irish affairs that there is little time left to get through our Australian business ; but we'll make a start now. In the first place, the Club returns its sincere thanks to honest John Hanlon, J. P., Paragon Park, for his good wishes, but particularly for the generous subscription towards the Catholic Church which Father Doran of Sofala has recently rescued and converted from the Orange fold. There will always be a spare chair, a brimming glass, and ceadc mille failthe for the Peer of Paragon Park when he honours the Club with his presence. And, as I write down his donation, I would say to all other friends who can afford it: 'Back up this good work in a similar manner.' Silence may be golden but money talks for all that.' 'Talking of friends,' said I, 'one of the good old type of Milesians, Mr. Crofts, from the Narrabri district, called on me a few days ago, and only he had to return home so soon I would have brought him here to-night. I had a pleasant time with him and learnt something of Maoriland matters, especially about the West Coast, where, as my friend says, it 'rains every day in the week and twice on Sundays, and where every new arrival becomes web-footed before he is a month in the country.' It was down there that friend Crofts fell in with an Irish Protestant, a good sterling fellow too, who boasted that he was a truer Irishman after all than Crofts the Catholic was, ' because,' said he, ' I would willingly renounce my religion for the sake of my country, but I never yet met an Irish Catholic who would go as far as that.' 'They have no occasion to do so,' replied Cross, 'for their creed and their country are one.' Just another ancedote, Mr. Chairman, and I'll collapse for the night. On one occasion Mr. Crofts was skirmishing around down South, and while in conversation with a ' cornstalk,' who was blessed with a full-flavoured Dublin brogue, he said, 'Have you ever been in Ireland ?' ' No,' replied the 'bushy,' ' but I was born in Booroowa, Tom Slattery's electorate, and that's the next best place to Ireland. Bully for Bally-Ryan and Booroowa !'' , ' Your friend is evidently 'a bit all right '—to use the peculiar phraseology of your white country men ' — said the Poor Scholar—' and we must find a corner for him too. Getting on with the business however, here is a note from an admirer of our good gossip, 'Kibbeens,' who on reading one of that peripatetic philisopher's late letters was reminded of the following story. A book-hawker was once travelling round with a stock of family Bibles when he struck a large station, on which, as it was shearing time, a great many Catholic hands were employed. The moment the book-peddler mentioned what his stock consisted of he was told by the 'ringer of the shed,' a sturdy County Clare man, that he hadn't the ghost of a chance of doing any business there. ' I thought as much,' returned the hawker in a careless way, 'because as I came along I met a Wesleyan parson who told me I would only waste ray time calling here, as the men were nearly all Irish Catholics, and the priest belonging to this district wouldn't allow them to read the Scriptures on any account whatever.' 'Did that lying heathen thief say that ?' roared the 'ringer.' ' Well, just to show you what a blazing fraud he is, bring along your whole stock of Bibles, and I'll go bail every Catholic on this station will take a copy.' An hour later the cunning book- hawker left with a full purse and an empty buggy, but no one has ever yet met the parson who got the credit of spreading the libel, although the men searched high and low for him in order, as they fiercely said, to 'ram their blessed books down; his lying throat.' ' 'The next letter,' continued the Chairman, 'tells of a Father B - — , a particularly prime and natty divine, who, after doing good work in some of the North Queensland towns, was started off on a missionary tour round the heathen tracts of the awful Never Never Land. It was no picnic time for him, as most of you can imagine, and it was with a great sigh of relief that he pulled up at a road-side shanty one evening after a hard day's journey. The landlord proved to be a member of the good old fold, although he had not taken a very -warm interest in religious matters to; some time previous, and of course he made his Reverence as snug as possible for the night. Next morning, however, the good but inexperienced to bush-life cleric, after gazing ruefully at his mud-coated foot-gear, bailed his host up and somewhat sternly said — 'I left my boots outside my bedroom door last night, but no one ever touched them.' And then, as the honest landlord's face fairly beamed with satisfaction, he exclaimed — 'Small wonder, too, your Reverence! Why, the boys round here wouldn't steal the boots of a Chinaman, let alone the boots of a respected Catholic priest.' That closed the conversation. Now we'll close our own, and read the remainder of the correspondence when we meet again.' 