A THEOSOPHIC LECTURESS Under the auspices of the Melbourne Theosophical Society, the Countess "Wuchtuieister delivered- in the .Upper Hall of the Athemauin on Saturday evening the second of her series of theo sophic lectures. There was a fair at tendance, and . the lecture, which was entitled Death and After,: and Modern Spiritualism, was heard with the most intense interest. After referring to tho solemnity of death, and condemning heurtily the doctrine of eternal punish ment, tlio lecturess gavo an exposition of the theosophic " seven principles of man," and explained that the second principle, tho " astral body," had been seen forming out of the head, and that it was connected with the brain by a magnetic cord ; it retained existence after death and until tho physical body had disintegrated, and ghosts and church yard apparitions were due to it. Suicides and persons departing this life by sudden and violent deaths, not having expended^ their " vitality " principle, had all ihe desires and appetites of earthly life and sought,to satisfy them through mediums; and the " vampires," of whom so much was told in the middle. ages of Europe, were of this class, and were able to draw blood from the living. • The remedy for a person so preyed upon was the destruc tion of.tho vampire's body by firo; and Thoosophists advocated cremation gener ally, becuuse it disintegrated tho physical body atonce, and; enabled the soul to " move on " in tho tbeosoiihic scale of progression.' With reference to spiritnal •istic manifestations,' Countess \Yacht fin.eister^gavo -some '.-highly interesting incidents in her own experience. In the twelfth and last of a series'of seances she had'it 20 minutes' conversation with an " entity," the medium meanwhile lying eutranced on a soin behind a curtain in the room, and was requested by him not to look into his eyes, as eyc-s were diffi cult to materialise - and easily de materialised. She, however, looked iuto them; and they seemed to her to be very far back in the head. Tho " entity sub sequently explained that _ the head was hollow, as it was impossible to materialise a brain, as if such were done the medium would die. Ho, however, asked her to cut off a portion of his dross, which she. did, aud found it apparently like flannel,' but it slowly dematerialiscd in her hand aud vanished. The " entity " said it was a portion of tho medium, and that the latter lost in weight what the entity gained in materialising. Countess IVachtmeister said that she herself had been a medium, but having resolved to divest horsclf of the power sedulously trainee1 her will force for that purpose. She practised in theatres, " willing" people to look at her instead of tho stage, and on a piece of thread placed before her on a table. When she was able by will power to move the thread, she threw the whole of her will force against her modiuinistic power, and shut tho door definitely on " the other side." At the conclusion of tho lecture, after a few questions had been askod by members of the audience, the countess announced that she would lecture again ou Tuesday 