TO-DAY'S TOPICS. Tr is evident that the War Department or the Horse Guards of China requires, as is often the case with similar departments else where, a thorough reorganisation. One of the chief defeots is the difficulty which the soldier has in obtaining the money due to him. It seems very hard that after a man has faced the Japs, and, after a brief inter view has retired in the best ordsr poasiThle under the circumetances, that. the few dollare due to him should disappear for a new uni form, or barrack.rocm repairs, or medieal comforts furnishcd in order to soothe the todium of the campaign. The eustomer of military service i China are manifeted by the celsbrated resolution sraid to have been arrived at by .some Chinese gencrals asyds beforo an expected engagement. These doughty chieftains de-I cided that it was more economical for them to pay their men after than before the coming battle; and as every general is responsible for the maintenance of his own division, the wisdom of the decision, from the point of view of the military chiefs, can readily be understood. At Formosa the Celestial "swads" have discovered that the system hitherto in opera. tion throughont the army falls with special severity upon the rank and file, however con venient it may appear to the higher orders of the service. Undoubtedly a knight of the Yellow Riding Jacket or the most distin gnuiuihed order of the Peacock's Feather or of the Blue Dragon, must have something whereon to support his dignity, and usage has almost legalised a system which else where would be called sweating: But when a custom falls with exceptional hardship on people it freqeently happens that .matters turn out badly for the continuance of the practice. So the braves considered it was high time to demonstrate their disapproba tion at actions which had left them in debt to the national paymaster instead of having a few cash wherewith to buy a pipeful of opium or a few sharks' fins to give a relish to their curry. Accordingly, they made matters warm for the general, and that warrior had the misfortune to get killed during the affray. Then the officer's bodyguard turned out, and in endeavouring to restore peace, killed 30 of the men who wanted their pay but could not get it. From latest accounts it appearssthat a detachment of German bluejackets appeared on the scene, and that all was quiet on the Formosan Potomac. For the future China will have to see that her brave soldiers are paid, for she cannot afford to icse a general every time that the military ghost refuses to walk. It is evident that BrLm, aged 60, gar dener to Mr. Justice CooPERn, of Northern Queensland, had when in lifo considerable apprehension of his employer. The poor old fellow was recently found hanging from the roof of the stable. In a letter left by him he stated that he had sold some fruit and used the proceeds. This preyed on his mind to such an extent that he was afraid to meet his employer, so he got out of the difficulty in the way men tioned. Apparently poor Brvune did not take into consideration a judgm.ut delivered in a higher tribunal than that of Justice COOPER. It seems strange that a little fruit up or down should have led to the derange ment of the mind of a professional orchardist. Yet it cannot be forgotten in this connection that fruit paid a prominent pert in the history of that old gardener ADA and his spouse who fancied the crop on the forbidden tree. Yet the pluck with which the ancient couple went out to a cold world full of thorns and briars in order to make a liuing, ought to form a certain set-off to their want of obedience with regard to the apple. Poor Bruos, however, was not made of such stern staff, and there is now a vacancy for a gardener at Townsville. The position of affairs in Nicaragua has given rise to an event which shows that the feeling of kinship runs pretty strongly in Central America~. Britain wants the former country to pay a few thousand pounds in order to redress the injuries done to her citizens in the Mosquito territory. As the Nicaragnans refuse to pay, British blue jackets now occupy the town of Corinto, and will remain there until a settlement has been arrived at. A protest is being made by the Government of the occupied country to the Great Powers of Europe, and it appears as if an endeavour was being made to show that Britain is entirely in the wrong, and that there is no other side to the question but the native one. And now it is stated that the neighbours of Nicaragua are urging her to pay the indemnity and look as pleasant as possible under the circumstances. The republics of Guatemala, San Salvador, and Costa Rica have offered assistance to their neighbour in its adversity, while the last-named offers to advance one-fifth of the required amount. But the influence of the electors is feared by the Government, who have declined to take advantage of the assistance tendered. The offer may be made from pure neighbourliness, but self interest may also have dictated the wisdom of paying off a powerful country which is for the time being in possession of an im portant part of the land. For if Britain should remain for any length of time at Corinto, the political centre of Central America might be changed to the place held by her; and that would probably not tend to maintenance of the other republics in their present condition. It seems rather hard for Australia that if anything good shows-itself here it manifests a strong disposition to go 'ome, and in the end generally succeeds. If all that we hear is true our very best products goover the black water and face the Bay of Biscay O. For years past the most cherished institutions of this country have made their way to the wil derness of brick and mortar on the banks of the more or less sweet Thames. For instance, there were Porn JaoxCsor. and the fighting kangaroo, and now Carbine has gone, leaving the sporting world here disconsolate. It appears from recent shipmen s that all the steamers boundto the United Kingdom are being turned into cattle-yards, for numbers of bovine dock passengers much their lucern hay over the bodies of their deceased comrades packed in the refrigerators below. Shipments of live sheep have also turned out successful, one recent consignment roaching its destination with only the loss of one animal. And now it appears that the Riverina Company has made arrangements for the despatch of about 7,0 live cattle, which will be rightly regarded as a test shipment. The route chosen will be by Cape iorn, and the vesel' will sail direct from Sydney to.London, thus avoiding calls which iu other shipments have proved far from beneficial to the lving freight. Undoubt edly this new development in Australian export willU'makeothe poor British farmer feel that it is high time to claim another reduoc tion of rent. And the landlord, who has hitherto. fancied that Australia existed to provide-occupation for his plucked relatives, is now beginning to fear that the colonies will soon knock the roast beef of old England into a cocked hat, so far as priceise.con cerned. 