ATROCITIES IN ARMENIA. THE TERRIBLE FATE OF A PRIEST. The special commissioner of the Daily Graphic sends a two-column dispatch dated " Tifiis, February 12," which furnishes ample confirmation of a story of fiendish barbarity. Speaking1 of the period when a small body of protesting Armenians, their ammunition given out, had determined upon dispersal, the com missioner writes:—"Wherever an Armenian was found—man, woman, or child—no mercy Was shown. Everybody was put to the sword. In this man-hunt the Kurds joined until Zekki Pasha gave the signal for a stoppage of the butchery. The peasants whom I mter j rogated, who say they are from Galeguzan," [continues the correspondent, "stated that they went back to their own village and arrived there in time to witness the terrible death of a priest who was flayed alive, and forced at the point of the bayonet to dance and sing. He died thus singing psalms. The house of the village elder, or res, of Galeguzan was razed to the ground, and in its place an enormous pit was dug and 100 peasants—men, I women, and children—were driven into it, bayoneted, and buried while many of them were still living." At the sight of these horrors a party of four escaped. These "determined to carry off and protect from harm the person of Petros, the village priest of Galeguzan, who was_ much revered for his piety and enjoyed a ivide reputation. But the hiding place was discovered. " 'The priest,' a peasant said, 'I saw them butcher; his head was cut open with two blows of the sword given in the shape of a cross, so that it was split into four pieces. They then pro ceeded to cut up bis body in small circular bits.'" One body of soldiers to whom the peasants declared that they were dying of starvation ironically replied, " You have now a new master, the English Consul; go to him and ask him to give you food." The cor respondent supplies examples of barbarity that, as he observes, "seem incredible in these latter days of the nineteenth century. For instance ten girls were out raged by Turkish soldiers, who offered to marry them if they would change their re ligion. They refused, and were all cut up into pieces. Many women threw themselves from precipices to escape from the soldiers, and many killed their children to prevent them from falling into the hands of the Turks." _ Before leaving the correspondent these simple peasants tolk him of the heroic death of Krikor, the Res, or elder, of the village of Shenik. " This brave fellow himself killed 21 Turks beforehe fell, hit bya bullet, and when he gave up the ghost there was a flash of light in the heavens, which was repeated several times, and convinced the pious peasantry that his spirit was immediately taken up to heaven and is dwelling with the saints." 