Short Story THE WISE WOMAN. It ttbs a wintry evening about fifty years ago. jiio snow had coined for a little while, but th})t« was evidently plenty more to come in the dill! gray clouds that hung low over the moor. Aiittlo cottage stood all by itself, the snuw thick on its low thatch; behind it stretched the lonely moor, with a few old oak-trees on one side of it, the outposts of the forest, which showed a dark purple line against the horizon. Outside, all looked dreary and desolate; but inside the cottage it was c>sy enough; the fire was burning with a clear red glow; a great tabby cat was lying in front on the warm red bricks, purring drowsily: and an old woman was sitting in a big wooden arm-chair, her hands folded in her lap, her head poked a little forward, lier dark intelligent eyes looking into the Sre.: On the shelves of the little corner cupboard behind her stood long rows of bottles and jars containing ointments, nettle tea, elderberry wine, cordials. and medicines; for she doctored the whole parish, which was an outlying one, with no doctor living within several mil&s;: but all the country said ' thov didn't want no doctor; the Wiso 'Oman was worth ten. o' they.' She nursed them when they-were ill, too, and advised them in all their affairs ; and they always said, ' to tell the Wise 'Oman a secret were like droppen a stone into a well— you was sure you'd never hoar o* it again.' ... She was a very old woman. though exceedingly hale and active. No one knew exactly what her age was. Her mother was Ji^gypsy; and from her she had learned 'a slight knowledge of surgery and the rardi<-itial qualities of herbs. She would wander. for uiiles in seach of these. All the flouvrs. too, in her little garden had their uses. Now, however, there was nothing in it save a few cabbages sticking- out of the enow. As the room grew.dark the Wise Woman rose and lighted a candle, putting it in the •window, where it was always plflecd .as a beacon to guide people across the moor. She had scarcely lighted her candle when there was a loud tap at the door. .'Come in,* she called; and the door opened, letting in a keen rush of icy air and a shower of snowflakes, and a man entered. 'It be snowen fast agon,' he said, go;, ing to'^the fire and shaking the snow off himself. ' You'll be pretty nigh snowed up.' ' Ah! I dessey there'll he some un to dig me out, if I be,* said Mrs. Warne comfortably. ' I'll warn't there will,' replied the man. 'We couldn't get on without you, no sense; and I come now to ask you what I am to do about my hedge. You knows my beautiful hedgo ? Wull, now, he be getten old; the 'ood in nn be nice for burnen ; and some un comes every night pretty handy and pulls it out; and I can't find out who 'tis ; and if you can't tell ine, I'll set up all night, but I'll find out!' ' No need fur that, Bill,' said Sirs. Warne after having thought for a moment. 4 You just listen now. You get out there to-morrow and make pretence as you be amending ihe hedge ; and you take a gimlet and bore little hok_ in the 'ood, and fill 'em with gunpowder, and I'll warn't you wun't be troubled no more!' 'Eh ! mother but you be a noted 'oman fur cleverness, that you be !' said Bill admiringly, bringing his large hand down, with a smack on his knee. ' I'll be off at I once down to shop and get some powder.' He. took a leather bag from his pocket and brought a shilling out of it, which he laid on the table. ' I be ter'ble obliged to ye,' he said. ' You'm Turry welcome,' replied Mrs. Warne as he went away. She stood watching the snow fall softly against the window till her eye was caught by a light in the distance that rapidly grew larger, and disclosed itself to be a lantern. The bearer of it came hurrying along and opened the door without stopping to knock. 'Oh, Mother Warne!' he began, "John Long hev fell off a ladder and hurt hisself ter'ble,}! ' Dear, dear 1 Any bones broke ?' ! 'I don't rightly know; but he groans, dreadful!' Mrs. Warne bustled about collecting a roll ofbangagaa, a pot of ointment, and a small bottle ; then she put a loog knitted purse in her pocket, bundled herself in a big shawl and bonnet, and said : ' Now I be ready to start." '.It.don't sim hardly right to ask you to come out such a night,' the man said; but then we don't know what to do fur him, and Mrs. Long be in a ter'ble twitter!' • Bless me ! Harry, anybody 'ud think you was -talking to an old 'oman!' said Mrs. Warne briskly. The man laughed. 'Well, 'tis tru9,' he said. ' Many a young 'oman med be glad to be as peart, as you be!' ' How did he do it?' asked Mrs. Warne. ' He was catten hay fur the horses, and the ladder were slippery, and he fell right from top o' it.' They wore well out into the moor by this tiaie, and further conversation was impossible, for the fine snow blew straight into their faces aud took ther breath away. Around, above, nothing was to be seen but the dancing snow-flakes ; but presently the lights of the cottage began to show through them. • Wull, I bain't sorry to hev got here,' said Mrs. Warne as she entered the cottage. The door of the inner room opened, and a woman put her head out. Here be Mother Warne!' she said ; and instantly "the watchers round the bed gave a sigh of relief. He mail was keeping up a low moon of pain. • Well, John, let's see what you've done to yourself^ said Mrs. Warne cheerfully as stie went up "to him. She found his injuries to be a badly bruised shoulder, a sprained wrist aud cut head. In no time the head and wrist were bandaged and ointment put on the brtSges,'while she propped him up comfortably/with pillows. In a few mOmento the strained look of suffering on his faice relaxed. ' That ointment be powerful and soothing,' he said. ' Ah that be soma of my own making,' said Mrs. Warne complacently. ' How long shall I be led up ?' he asked. ' I duniio for sure. Maybe a few days, maybe longer. But you mustn't talk, and I y be goen to give you some poppy water to send you to sleep.' ' John be goen on nicely,' she said, going to the outer room, where several of the neighbors were still waiting ; ' and I shall bide the sight, so there's no occasion fur you to stop.' When they were gone, the two women sat talking softly. * How long will he be laid up, really; ? asked Mrs. Long. ' Well, I'm afraidhe wim't work again fur some time, fur he've sprained his wrist pretty tightish.' ' Oh' dear, what shall us do ! And only a fortnight to Christmas too; and the childun poor things, have bin looken so iorward to it; they'll, hev but a pinched Christmas now!' ' Bless me, Mary, don't meet trouble half -way!. Summat uU turn up afore then, I don't doubt. Hey ye got anything in "the house?' ^ 'Scarcely anything. . With .so many childun, the money goes out "as fast as it' come in.' 'Well, then, you take this,' said Mrs. Warne, turning out the contents of 'her purse.' ' 'Tain't much, but it'll help you on fur a "bit.' ' Oh.! mother. I don't hardly like to take it from ye!' • Nonsense! You can pay me back some day, if you like; but if yeu don't I shan't j^mrrfil ' -gith' ^ou 1- - And i -don't doubt ?n , manage , jibe, ohildun** ;;;Cjhrf»fcmas., somehowjthoufhl dou*t ; knowhoir, r now.' ; .."-. •" .' •"' \7 • ' ' Mrs. Warne had not been bomalangthfi next evening when die ..heard scuffling footsteps approach ; the door burst open, and an old man ?rushed in. ' Lor-a-mussy !' he, ejaculated, 'if my fire bain't bewitched! Come and say summat ovet it, fur tho love o* mercy, or I'll be blowed up!' Jt was fan old man who lived in a tumble-down -cottage on the other side of the moor. He was a wretched, half-clad old -creature, though he was reputed rich, and indeed was very comfortably off, though so miserly he would not spend a penny if he could lielp it. 'Wait a moment, Samuel,' said Mrs. Warne, putting on her shawl with an expression of triumph. ' I'll, come and see to it, pur'nough!' When they gor outside, the moor stretched ghostly in the light of the stars,, which were; shiaing brilliantly, for it was freezing hard. When they reached the cottage, the fire.'had burnt down somewhat, but the ,old man brought s&aie; fresh fagots and put them'on ' it, Mrs. Warne takiug good.care to'station herself on the side of the room. In a minute or two the fire certainly did begin to pop and explode in the most extraordinary'manner. ; Bill Holmes had well powdered it, and it flew all over the room. ' Lor-a-mus<-y!' began the old man again, his knees shaking under him. Samuel Simmons!' said Mrs. Warne solemnly as they stood outside listening to tho fire popping awiy, 'twas by no good means you co.-r.e by them fagots. Evil sperrits wouldn't hae no powers over 'eiri if you had, and its pretty plain to see as they; has now'!' ' Oh ! Mi's. Warne, whatever , shall I dof Idar*ntstay here wi' them goen on like that V * I tells you what'tis; you must take all the fagots you has left—-you best knows how you come by 'era—over to the crossroads and chuck'em away.' ' You must come wi' me, then, or I'd be afeared out o'iny life.' " No; 'twouldn't be no sense if I war to go too; you must do as I says, and go alone, or : I wun't answer for it!' ' Law sakes! I can't go there by myself,' said Samuel, oppressed by his guilty conscience. ' Yes, you'mnst; and I must stay here and watch the fire.' Yon wun't come by no harm if you -does as I tell yon,' Mother Warne condescended to add. At last she persuaded him to start, giving him a final injunction to say ' Avaunt thee, Saten !' three times as he threw the fagots away. He went off, holding the bundle at arm's length. 'The old rascal!' she chuckled to herself' as she re-entered the cottage. ' I'll warrant he'll have a good fright, and -serve him jolly well right!' ' She began to have a good look over the old man's room. At last, in a corner of the cupboard she discovered a b'x hidden, to which she gavo a vigorous shake. It was answered by a loud rattle of money. Sheput it back in its place with a satisfied expression. ' I alius did want to know if he'd got money put away, as they said he had,' she murmured. In the little back room she found a email basket of coal, which Sir. Simmons ; had intended to last him at leaRt a week; but she put them all on at once, soon having a blazing lire. Now she placed the little kettle on it, and going to the cupboard, took from it some tea and made herself a cup of it. Then she sat down by tho fire," warming her feet and sipping her tea with an-expression of complete contentment. Meantime, the old man, spurred by his guilty conscience, was hurrying over the moor, that showed ghostly in the pale light of the stars. Something white rose in front of him and startled him; but it proved to be : only a stunted moor-tree "with the frozen festoons of snow hanging from it. By-andby he got off the open moor, where -walking was easier; but as he neared the cross-roads his heart beat faster and faster. A tall tree hung with white, stood by the cross-roads. He. slopped suddenly, fancying he heard something moving ; but it was only, a mass of frozen snow blown from tho tree. It struck him on the face; and then close on it came another sound that made Samuel'sknees give"way under him. Perhaps it was but a bough- creaking, but he could have sworn that on the wind came a faint rattle and a clan; of chainB from the old gallows-tree. He castthe fagots -wildly from him, shrieked out, ' Avaunt thee, Satan!' and then turned and darted off, half falling in his haste. He ran into the cottage, and stood gazing at Mrs. Warne, speechless with indignation. 'Well, Sam,' said Mrs. Warne affably, ' come and sit ye down by the fire after your cold walk, and take a cup o' tea to keep tho cold out.' 'Ye old witch!' said Samuel furiously, 'how dare ye come into my house and take my coals and my tea like that?' ' Now, Samuel, don't ye get becallen me; fur, as I set here, it were borne in upon me that they fagots were stole out o' Bill Holmes's hedge! And if ye gets abusen me, I'll go and tell him.' 'No; don't ye, now,* said old Samuel, nearly callapsing under this last stroke. ' Fur, if I did, I've a bin punished for it; fur, as sure as you stands there, I heard the ghostie; and I've haed a ter'ble walk home ! i Oh dear! And'twas beeoz I be so poor'I can't afford nare bit o' 'ood. * Poor! wi' all that money put away,' said Mrs. Warne contemptuously. 'No,Samuel, don't you get gaminonen me. Do you think I can't tell when you be speaken truth or no ? I tell you what 'tis, unless you gives me-five ponnds, I'll go over to Bill's thiB very night and tell him !' 'Five pounds! I han't got five pounds in the world! I'll -give you five shiliens, -and be pretty near rooned doen it!* After some -wrangling, he at length consented to give a sovereign : he fetched it reluctantly, grumbling and groaning all the time, ' Well, good-night to 'ee, Sam; thank ye fur a very - pleasant evening^ wore Mrs. Warne's parting words as she left him and made her way through the snow, chuckling to herself now and then. She did not go straight home, but turned-off to tho road that led to Mrs. Long's. Mrs. Long came 'to the door holding a candle in her hand, -which she lifted high to see who it was. ' Why! 'tis Mrs. Warne!' she said. ' Whatever's brought ou out so late?' "Well, Mary, didn't I say summat 'ud turn up ? And so it has!' said Mrs. Warne, triumphantly. Mrs. Long's pale tired face -brightened as she saw the money. She half put out her hand to take it, then drew it back again. ' I didn't ought to take it from ye, Mrs. Warne,' she said. "Taint fur you at all; 'tis fur the childun. I shan't say how I came by it; but this I will say, 'tig all right, sure 'nough.' 'IWell, you be good, mother,' sai&Mrs.; Long, gratefully as she' took the money. 'Ho; I bain't -that,' said Mrs. Warne, remembering her treatment of SamueL ' I'm feared I be a ter'ble : crafty old -'oman!' Aa Mrs. "Warne "weAt to see her patient the next day, every person die met stopped her to give his impressions of the ghost Jiiri March had seen, including Jim himself, who, looking very red and excited, told her that * just as he got to - the cross-roads last 'sight with ; the horse's new harness'that - he'd been to fetch, he' heard a voice call out 'I be Zatenl'end thena ter'ble scuffling noises' whereupon lie had turned-round and run back to his brother-in- law's-liouBe as fast ashis : legs could carry lim, -where lie hadspentthe -night. ' It bain't amany as can _say as they're a heard Zaten,' .he finished with some jitMte;'' but Ttiaiij and a ter'ble ugly voice nugreased -wagWwheel'j' v ' - J _ ! ' Ishonldn't wonder «t«Il, Jim, ifrovrarn t a warning to ye not to .«tay eo long at the '•ajreeshoe,"^©vrailngiB; and- ifyou takes my advice you'll never ie home later nor mne o'clook again,' said Mra. Warne, xemembenng that Mis. March had biwntohcrfllittle fame back to cbmplain that Jijn'waa' too fond o his glass o'an evening* ' I'll warrant I never will!' said Jim ; and he never'was from that time. The moor was darkening, and the sunset crimson had died out of the west, when Mrs. Warne- returned to her : cottage. She was overtaken, as she Teached her garden, by the milkmaid from the farm. ' I wants you to give inea charm to hang on Brindle's horn; 'she said. 'There never' was'such a nasty cow! She kicked 'the bucket over only this afternoon. I thinks sheVposeeseed by summat evil.' •''""'. : : ' Vurry well. I'll give you something as nil cure her, if 'lis ahe's possessed by summat evfL : But if 'tis only a bad temper, I can't :do, nothing, or I'd a made my fortune long chuckled Mrs. Warne, going. into the cottage and bringing out what looked like a string' of verv ordinary braes buttons cut from a'manVco'at; but the WiBe Woman said they were' charms, and every one Mieved her'. Bhe drew one off and offered'it to the girl- ' Missus said I was to bring you some milkfurthe charm,' she said, taking it, and bringing out a little can from under her shawl. Presently a shepherd. came to warm some •milk for lis lambs by her fire. ' 'Tis freezen harder nor ever,' he said, as he came in. There be such a bitter wind comen athwart the moor, and the stars be . so thick, and glinfcen like di'monds!' ... '-Ah! 'tis many years since I've known it so cold-not-since I were a young maid, when we had. such a, hard frostie _ they'd pick up the heares and xabbitts friz dead, by it.'' ; 'How many "years ago were that, Mrs. Warne ?' asked the shepherd curiously, i * Amany, many years ago—long afore you was borned, Fred,' answered Mrs. Warpe indefinitely. ' I've brought you a fagot o' fuz,' said the ; shepherd, dropping his prickly, burden on the hearth. Put a bit on the fire, and Til ' warm yon some elderberry -wine,' said Mrs." Warne, bustling into the other Toom and fetching a • bottle of wine, which she poured into a little saucepan and set on the fire, that was now blazing, crackling, and flaring up the wide black chimney, lighting up the shepherd's clear-cut, thoughtful face and every detail of "his clothing—his long frieze-coat, cordurpy trousers strapped in at the knee, his white linen jacket and groat, thick lace boots—and making the face of the digniified old woman opposite him look more lined and strongly' marked than ever. It be cold out in fields now, Fred P' Ah! I'll warnt it be!' paid Fred, drinking off his hot wine at a draught. Then he stood up, straightened himself, took his crook and milk-can, and departed. When he had got to a little distance, he looked back at the lonely cottage with its one brieht window and the bleak line of moor behind it. ' 'Tis a ter'blclonelv place fur asingle 'oman,' he thought. .' But there no one wouldn't do nothen to she.' Mrs. Warne came to the window and watched him go, a dark figure, save where the light from his lantern caught Mm. It threw a wide brilliant light cn the sparkling snow. Away and away he went till the light was but a speck, and then the darkness hid him. A few minutes after,]there came a loud knocking at the door. She opened it to see old Samuel outside waving bis arms and shaking his fist. ' You sly. crafty, old thing!' he cried furiously. 'Who was it told Bill Holmes to put gunpowder m his 'ood ?' I did,' replied Mrs] Wame amiably. Ah! yon knows it bain't no g-ood to deny it, with Bill boasten about all over the plar-e, and you comen and gammonen me Oh, you artful old thing! And I believes now as howyou knowd I'd money put away was because yon went and found it when you'd sent me away.' Quite right, Samuel; so I did.' Oh, you old witch! But I'll sarve you out, that I will! I'll tell everybody about you.' Be you agoen to tell everybody as you stole Bill's fagots, my son?' Samuel stopped short in his gesticulations, and looked down into the'room for a moment. The strong gusts of wind comiDgin blewthe candle, and by its wavering light Mrs. Wame looked more witch- like than usual as she peered up at him. The cat's eyes in the dark chimney corner looked like round green globes; and the bunches of herbs on the rafter swinging backwards and forwards cast long fantastic shadows on the wall. Then he turned and walked slowly off, shaking his head and groaning: 'Oh'.you be a "wicked old 'oman ! that you be!' ' No, Samuel,' Mrs. Warne called in bland accents after him. 'You means a wise old 'oman!'—C. Jones, 