" GRACE ABOUNDING TO THE CHIEF OF SINNERS." [By D. L. Moody.] I want to lay emphasis on the fact that God desires to show mercy to all. Christ's last command was, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." Thora may be some hearing men who have not received this grace, though he has often been pressed on their acceptance. One reason for this may be they think they can do better without it. I do not know that there are any two cases in Scripture which give us more light on this subject than those of the Pharisee and Publican who went into the temple to pray. One went away as empty as be came. He went into the temple desiring nothing, and he got nothing. The other man asked for something ; he asked for pardon and mercy. And he went down to his house justified. Take the prayer of the Pharisee. There is no confession in it, no adoration, no contrition, no petition. He asked for nothing, and he got nothing. He went into the temple not to pray, but to boast The sun and the moon were as far apart as these two men the one prayed with his head and the other with his heart. The one told God what a wonderfully great and good man be, was. " I am not as other men or even as this publican." His prayer was not a long one, only 31 words ; yet there were five capital " IV in it! It was self in the beginning, self in the middle, self in the end, self all through. "I fast thrice a week." " I give tithes of all I possess." "I am a wonderfully good man, am I not, Lord ?" He struck a balance twice a week, and God was his debtor every time. He paraded his good deeds before God and man such a one was not in soon- dition to receive the favour of God, You can divide the human family to-day into two. classes Pharisees and Publicans. There are those who are poor in spirit ; the dew of God's Grace will fall upon them. There are others who are drawing around them the rags of their self-righteousness ; they will always go away without the blessing of God. There were only seven words in the prayer of the Publican, " God be merciful to me a sinner." He came to God confessing his sins and asking for mercy, and he got it. God delights to deal in (trace. He wants to see in us a broken and a contrite heart, If we take the place of a sinner, confessing our sins, and asking for mercy, the grace of God will meet us right then and there and we shall have the assurance of His forgiveness. The Saviour was once invited to the house of Simon, a Pharisee. While he was there a poor sinful woman crept into the house. 1 Perhaps she watched for a chance when the servants were away from, the door, and then slipped into the room" where the Master was. She got down on her knees, and began to wash His feet with her tears, wiping them with the pair of bar head. While the feast was going on the Pharisee saw this, and said to himself, " Jesus must be bad man if He knows who this poor woman is." Even if He did not know He would be unclean, according to the Mosaic law, because He had allowed the woman to teach Him But the Master knew what Simon was thinking about. He put some questions to him, and Jesus answering, said unto him, " Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee." And he said, " Master, say out" " There was a certain creditor which had two debtors; the one owed him 200 pence, and the other 60. And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me, therefore, which of them will love him most?" Simon answered and said, "I suppose that he to whom he forgave most" And He said unto him," I thou hast rightly judged." then He makes the application. " I came to your house," he says, " and you gave me no water for my feet; you gave me no kiss, and no oil for my head. You refused me the common hospitalities of life." In those days when one went into a gentleman's house, a servant would be at the door with a basin of water ; the guest would slip off his sandals, and the servant would wash his feet. Then the master of the house would salute him with a loss instead of shaking hands as we do. There would also be oil for the head. Christ had been invited to the Pharisees house; but i Simon had get him there in a patronising spirit "You gave me no water, no kiss, no oil; but this wemen bath washed my, feet with her tears and wiped them with the hair of her head; she hath not ceased to lins my feet, and hath anointed them with ointment She was forgiven much, and so she loves much." To the poor woman herself Jesus said. " Thy sins are foreman." They may have risen up like a dark mountain before her, but one word from the Saviour, and they were all gone 1 The spirit shown by 'Simon 'was I altogether different from that of the poor I woman. Christ said that the Publicans and harlots would go into the Kingdom of God before the self-righteous Pharisees I Simon, the Pharisee, got nothing and so there are many who go away from religious meetings without one drop of heaven's dew because they do not seek it. From creation down to the present time no man or woman ever went to God with a broken heart without experiencing the forgiving love and grace of God if she believed His word. It was so with this poor woman. Notice, the Master did not extract any pledge or promise from her. He did not ask her to join some synagogue. All be said was, "Thy sins are forgiven thee." He met her in grace, and blessed her according to her soul's desire. God is waiting to cover all your sins to-day. He has a long and strong arm I bat can reach down to the darkest, vilest, deepest depths of sin. He will lift you upon a rock, and put a new song in your mouth. Will you M Him do it 1 A man once told me that he had prayed for over 10 years that God would have mercy upon him. "Has not God answered your prayer? .' No " "Indeed ! Let me ask you a question. Suppose I offered you that Bible as a gift, and you were afterwards to come and ask me for it, what would I think of you ?' " I don't know."' Well, but what do you suppose I would think?" " You would, perhaps, think that I had gone a little wrong in my head." "What is the use of asking God to deal in grace with you if you are not willing to receive it? Or if you do not believe that He gives it to you ?" When I was on the Pacific Coast some years ago I stayed with a friend who had a large orange garden. He said to me, " Make yourself perfectly at home. If you see anything you want just help yourself." When I went into the garden I wanted oranges. I did not pray to them to tumble into my mouth. I just put out my hand and took all I required. So it is with us. Why should we go on beseeching God to have mercy upon us when He has already given His Son, and given His Holy Spirit? What we need is a broken and a contrite heart, and to be willing to receive Him. The trouble with us is, that we, have locked the doors of our hearts against Him. Dr. Arnot was accustomed to tell the story of a woman who was in great distress because she could not pay her rent, The doctor put some money in his pocket, and went round to her house intending to help her. When he got there be knocked at the door and thought he heard some movement inside; but no one came to open the door. He knocked louder and louder but no one came, and at last he went away thinking his ears must have deceived him, and that there really was no one there. A day or two after he met the woman in. the street and told her what had happened. She held up her hands and explained. " Was that you ? I was in the house all the time, but I thought it was the landlord, and I had the door locked " " Many people are keeping the door of their hearts locked against the , Saviour in just the same way. They say, " I am afraid I shall have to give up too much " " That is something, like a ragged beggar being unwilling to give up his rags in order to get a ' new suit of good clothes. I pity those people who are always looking to see what they I will have to give up I God wants to bestow Ufi marvellous grace upon His people and there is not a soul who was believed on Jesus for whom God. has- not 1 abundance of grace In store. What would you say of a man dying of thirst on the banks of a beautiful river, with the stream flowing past his feet ! Ton would think he was mad ! The river of God's grace flows on i without ceasing; Why should we not par- take of it, and M on our way rejoicing ? I am so glad that we have a Saviour who can save to the very uttermost. He can save the drunkard, the man who for years has been the slave of his passions. I was talking to a friend one day who said that if a man had a father and a mother who were drunkards, be would inherit the taste for drink, and that there was not much chance of saving him. I want to say that there is a 77 grand chance for inch men if they will call on Jesus < hint to save them. He is able to destroy the very appetite for drink. He came to destroy the devil, and if the appetite for gin and whiskey is not the work of the devil, I want to know what is? Bunyan represents the power of grace as shown by its first offer to the Jerusalem sinners, the murderers of Christ, thus: " Repent, everyone' of you : be baptised, everyone of you, in His name. for the remis- sion of sins, and, you shall, everyone of you receive the Holy Ghost." " But I was one who p owed to take away His life. May I be saved by Him ?" " Kitryotu of you." "But I was one who bore false witness against Him. Is there grace forme?" "For every one of you." " But I was one of those who did spit in His face when He stood before His butters. I also was one that mocked Him when, in His anguish, He hung bleed- ing on the tree. Is there room for me ? " " For every one of you." " But I called on him; I reviled him I hated Him; I re- ported to the plan' mocked at by others. Can there be hope for me ? "S M There is, for every one of you.'' 