A Welsh Princess; ; K( IIIJK GOLD IS TMED. 'V - Vu 't y / BY HEDLEY BICHABD8, Author of "The Omerod Mystery," "The Dene Tragedy," ate., ate. , N — - — :0: CHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) The first thing to be guarded against was letting David Hughes know that Gwen lived. So long as he thought it was her ghost that he had seen, his cousin was safe; hut let him once find out the truth, and she would be in great peril, not only from him, but from his uncle, who had apparently been more to blame than he had. At any cost she must he warned not to go beyond the park alone; but how was that to be done? The more Hesther reflected the stronger became her conviction that she must undertake the task herself. It would be a difficult one, as Gwen be lieved that she (Hesther) was dead, and might, perhaps, even mistake her- for a ghost. -Hesther laughed at the idea, thinking that she would soon be able to dispel that fear. The next ques tion was — How could she contrive to meet her ? And she taxed her brain in vain, until she at length decided to call boldly at the Hall and ask to see her. It would be hazardous, but she must risk it; and once they had met they could arrange a plan to secure Gwen's fortune and safety — matters in which Hesther felt considerably interested. During their brief journey, the beauti ful girl had appealed to her sympathy. Besides, Hesther had strong philan thropic impulses, and these prompted her to battle for the wronged and suf fering Gwen. Having decided the matter to her satisfaction, she went down stairs, where she found Dr. Lloyd talking to Miss Willoughby, He turned as she entered, and after greeting her, asked if she had seen the ghost which had so alarmed his friend. "I did not see any ghost," she said, quietly. He looked at her, thinking there was some reserve in her answer, but he did. not press the question. "Ghost, doctor ! The man's done something wrong to his cousin, or he wouldn't be so frightened," said Miss "Willoughby. Dr. Lloyd looked grave, but he only remarked that his friend was very much changed. "However, the ghost will not disturb him long, as he intends returning home to-morrow morning," . he said, lightly, little knowing how ,mueh his words had relieved one of his hearers. CHAPTER !XIX. — A SKETCH. On the afternoon following the day on which Gwen had seen David while she was busy teaching, a maid entered the schoolroom, and Informed her that a young lady wished to see her. "I've shown her into the little green room, Miss Baynes," said the maid, pleasantly. "A young lady to see me !" exclaimed Gwen, wondering who it could be. Only Marian Holdsworth would be likely to seek her, and she, like the rest probably believed that she was dead. Then a sudden fear struck her. Could it be David in disguise ? "What is she like ? Is she very tall, Ellen ?" she asked, rather anxiously. "No, miss — not one bit taller than you% I couldn't see much of her face, as she wore a big hat and a veil. I asked her to tell me her name, but all she said was, 'Just say a friend wants to see her.' " "Thank you, Ellen; I will go down stairs," Gwen replied, still wondering who her visitor could be, but determin ed, if it was a ruse to get her into Price Hughes' power, to appeal to the squire. However, there was no help for it- she must see the visitor; so giving the children certain tasks which would em ploy them for some little time, she went quickly down stairs. As she crossed the hall, a terrible dread came into her mind. What if this visitor was someone who had known the real, Hesther Baynes ? Then she would indeed be in a fix. Not daring to dwell on the idea, lest she should, not have courage to meet the stranger, Gwen hastened towards the green room, and opening the door, she entered. As she did so. a tall girl at the other end of" the room rose, and advanced to meet her. Something in the girl's movements and the pose of the head struck Gwen as familiar, and as the stranger removed her veil, reveal ing the features of Hesther Baynes, Gwen uttered a low scream. "Hush ! don't be alarmed- I have come to help you," said the other, quickly. For an instant Gwen stood looking at her visitor in amazement; then, as Hes ther smiled pleasantly, she said : "I believed you were dead, or I should not have taken your name and come here." "Hush ! speak, low. We must not let anyone hear our conversation," replied Hesther. "And as for. using my name and coming here, why you did the very thing I had suggested, so I ought to be the last to blame you." "I don't understand. You appeared to be dead, and the doctor said you were. It is a mystery to, me," said Gwen, still regarding her with a bewildered air. "My dear girl, it was syncope. I told you that my heart was weak, and the shock was too much for me . The only wonder is that I did not die." "Still, I cannot understand how it is the revelation has not come sooner, when you heard the name I had given you," said Gwen. ' "Oh, that is easily accounted for. To teU the truth, I was surprised when I found I had got a new name; but I held my tongue and listened to what the doctor and nurse had to say, and I soon got at the truth." "Did you tell them anything ?" asked Gwen, in surprise. "No; why should I ? You were not used to working for your living— I had seen that— then you were without re ferences; so I decided to give you a chance. I knew I could fight for my self." "Do you mean to say you were not vexed with me ?" 1 "I had no reason to he, for I had myself suggested such a course, never dreaming that you would have the chance to adopt it. Then you believed me to be dead, and so you were not in tentionally injuring me." "No, I would never have done that; and I think if you knew all you would forgive me," said Gwen. "Perhaps I know more than you think and really I was glad to help you. I have only one stipulation to make." "I will do anything that you wish, of course I know I shall ha&ve; to explain the matter to Mrs Melville; but perhaps she will not be very hard on me, as I have tried to do my duty." "You. will not tell Mrs Melville with my consent. No, the stipulation I have to make is that you retain my name and continue here." Gwen looked at her in amazement. "You don't really mean it." "Of course I do. When I knew noth ing about you I was willing to help you. Now I have discovered that you are Gwendoline Ap Rhees, I am twice as anxious to serve you." At the mention of her name Gwen's face grew pale and horror-stricken. "Who told you that ?" she asked, in a. terrified tone. "I discovered it bit by bit, and I mean to help you to get your rights. But first of all I must tell you where I am living;" and Hesther explained how she had got the situation; also that she had been a witness of David Hughes's consternation the previous day, adding the pleasant information that he had left the neighborhood. . "I am glad he has gone; but I very much fear that his uncle will suspect that I am alive, and try to discover where am I living," said Gwen. "I don't think so. Your cousin quite believed that he had seen a ghosf "That may he; hut Price Hughes will be more sceptical. I will tell you all, and you can advise me. Oh, I am so thankful to feel I have one friend to whom I can talk," exclaimed Gwen, fer vently; adding, "Of course I shall al ways think of Miss Holdsv/orth as a friend, but I dare not communicate with her; and as I must not stay much longer away from my pupils, I will at once tell you the history of the past few months." Then Gwen related all, only suppres sing her lover's name, and saying that he was an artist. "What a sad story! I cannot tell you how thankful I am that you man aged to get here instead of me. To make you more comfortable I will tell you. that I really believe that I am hap pier with my old lady, who is quite a character in her way, than I should have been teaching children. But about this rector — whenWill he be home?" "Not until early in December." "And this is only the middle of Octo ber. Well, I suppose It will be wiser to wait; but I will communicate with him instead of you, and then there will be no danger of the writing being recog nised." "Thank you. I am sure it will be ne cessary to do everything to baffle my cousin and his uncle, though I really fear the latter the most," said Gwen. "Very well; then for the next few weeks we must wait, and I will let you know if your cousin returns. And do be careful not to go outside the park alone." "I will be very careful. And now I dare not stay longer with you, hut I can never thank you enough for your for bearance and kindness," said Gwen. "My dear, it has been a pleasure, and some day I will come for a nice long holiday to your pretty Welsh home." "Indeed you shall — that is, if I. ever get it again, and I think I shall," said Gwen, hopefully. "Of course you will. And now, re member to tell Mrs Melville that I am a Miss Blair — a friend from London — that I had heard you were living here, so ventured to call ;Oh, dear, dear, these fibs are very discomforting; but what can one do?" said Hester, shrug- ging her shoulders. "However, We must lay them to the Hughes' account. And mow, good-bye, -dear. Be very watchful and don't try to come to see me." Then the two girls embraced each other, feeling like friends of a life time. As Gwen conducted Hesther to the hall door they met Mrs Melville, who ap peared surprised; but Gwen's brief ex planation and introduction satisfied that lady, and after a few gracious but condescending words she passed on. Gwen and Hesther looked comically at each other. "If she only knew!" whispered Gwen as they shook hands. "But she doesn't, and must not," said the other as she turned away and went rapidly along the drive, while Gwen re turned to the schoolroom, feeling lighter hearted and more hopeful than she had done for some time. The next morning Hesther was seated in the pleasant parlor, which Miss Wil loughby preferred to any other. She had been sketching that lady's favorite tab by, as she reclined on the warm skin rug, with her paws outstretched, bask ing in the warmth of the fire. "There, that will do; I really think I have done 'Sweep' justice, and made her appear as handsome as she is," said Hesther, handing the sketch to tabby's mistress. i "Yes, it is a good likeness;- you sketch well," replied Miss Willoughby. Just then there was a loud rat-tat on the hall door, which sounded through the house. "Some one who means to be heard," remarked the mistress, as she went on with her knitting. In another moment the door was opened and the servant announced; "Sir Keith Meysey." "Bless me, Keith, is it you?" and Miss Willoughby advanced to meet the young man, whose acquaintance the reader first made in Wales, her face showing the pleasure she felt. "Yes, I have got back," Sir Keith re plied, as they shook hands. "You are looking better too; though nothing, to boast of as yet," Miss Wil loughby said. Then, as he glanced at Hesther, who was putting some finishing touches to her sketch of Sweep, Miss Willoughby said: "This young lady Is Miss Blair. That silly littiefool, Netta Hunter, married a curate, and went to starve on a hun dred' a year in London, so Miss Blair has taken her place, r hope ie will have more sense than follow Netta's ex ample." Keith Meysey smiled, and Hesther laughed outright at this novel intro duction. "My aunt has forgotten to tell you my name, so I must introduce myself as Keith Meysey," he said as they shook hands. "I heard the maid announce you," Hesther replied pleasantly. "Of course she did, and if you want any further Introduction, I can just tell Miss Blair that you are a graceless lad," said his aunt, smiling fond!y.= "Ah, well, you like the graceless lad," he said, seating himself near her. "Of course I do, one generallly likes one's own belongings, and you are a good deal like your mother, and she was the apple of my eye." "Which I am not," he replied, smiling; then said in a graver tone, as he glanced at the white fleecy shawl i& wMch tois aunt was wrapped, ' tCjsee- quite up to the markC" v ; "No; I have had fhje fnflumz, anda nasty complaint it isl wha js making you look so Vcfrried?" "The cares of this\wbrld' -toe-said,; with a faint smile; and aneifa'gTathim, Hesther decided that the fi'dtoseir Had some trouble weighing on him. "Well, you are lucky to have got home safely after the shipwrecks and railway accidents there have been. Miss Blair only just escaped with her life," said Miss Willoughby. Keith looked curiously at the girl. "Have you been in an accident?" he inquired. "I was in the Maskerton railway ac cident." "Indeed!" And his whole manner changed; his voice betraying keen inte rest. "Did ybu sefe any of those who lost their lives?" he asked, quickly. "No; I was very ill from the shock, and was at first thought to be dead. When I recovered, some of the bodies had been removed for burial; besides, Idid not care to see them. It was an awfiilaffair." "So I understand. I was abroad at the time, moving from place to "place, and I never, troubled to look at the pa pers, until quite by accident I saw an account in an old paper. Were you alone in the compartment when it hap pened?" he asked gravely. "No; there was another young lady with me." "A friend?" he queried. "No, a stranger; but we had been chatting, and I believe that we were talking at the very moment of the col lision."' "Was she killed?" he asked quickly. "No; like me, she escaped; only I be lieve she was even more fortunate, as the shock did not affect her." "She was lucky, indeed," he replied. "Well, Keith, and are you going to settle down now?" inquired his aunt. "I scarcely know; but I think I shall remain over Christmas at the Hall." "You ought to stay altogether. You should get married; it's your duty," said Miss Willoughby, decidedly. He smiled. "You forget, aunt, that example is better than precept." "Rubbish! It didn't matter whether I married or not There was ho estate that requlred a successor; but with yoir it is different?' ' „ " "The successor is waiting. There is a cousin some few degrees removed who would no doubt be willing to stand in my shoes." "Humph! I don't think much of him. No, Keith, it is your duty to get married and.it puzzles me whyyou don't." "Perhaps I had the same reason as you had," he said in a low tone. "Then you must put it on one side,' she responded, in the same key. Before he could reply, a maid entered, who informed her mistress that old Su san wished to speak to her, and Miss Willoughby rose. "I shall not he long," she said as she left the room. - - Keith Meysey turned to Hesther, who had gone on sketching while the aunt and nephew were talking. She had fin ished the tabby, and began drawing Gwen's head from memory. It was only a rough sketoh, but wonderfully, like her. "I see you are fond of drawing. May I look," said Sir Keith, as he came, and stood behind Hesther. For an Instant she felt inclined to hide the sketch; then she remembered that it was very improbable he would have seen Gwen. "Good heaven! Where did you see that TEace?" he exclaimed. Hesther felt annoyed. There was no telling what harm, she" might have done, so she resolved to be very guarded. "Is it not a lovely face?'" she said, ig noring his question. "Very lovely, hut unutterably sad. Miss Blair, if you know anything of that young lady, I beseech you to tell me." But Hesther did not mean to disclose anything to anyone until Gwen's safety was assured, so she only said: "Really, Sir Keith, how can I tell you anything about her, when I had but a casual view of her face?" "Did you see it the night of the rail way accident?" he asked quickly. Perplexed, and scarcely knowing what she said, Hesther replied hastily: "I have seen it since then, I think." "Good Heaven! WTiat do you mean?"- he asked in a voice full of emotion. "I told you that it was a passing face which I admired. What more can I say ?" she answered rather curtly. "Pardon me, Miss Blair, but if you knew how much depended on your an swer " .Before ha could finish his sentence, Miss Willoughby entered the room, and Hesther rose from her seat. As she passed the fire she adroitly slipped the sketch on to it while Sir Keith was re plying to a question of his aunt's. Then, she left the room, resolving not to re turn until the baroriet had gone. "What can he know of Gwen? Is he in league with Mr Hughes?" she thought. It never occurred to her that the lovei whom Gwen had described as an artist, without mentioning his name, could possibly be Sir Keith Meysey. CHAPTER XX— FOUND OUT. When David Hughes lift Donningford he really believed that he had seen the ghost of his cousin, and his first impulse - was to get away. It was late in the afternoon of the following day when he entered his uncle's house, and proceed ed at once to the dining room, where Price Hughes was enjoying his tea. This was a sort of dinner tea, as he only ffbok a light meal in the middle of the vdajr. ff'tou here, David?" he said pausing te/was about to lift a dainty bit of \jmcken to his mouth. : "Yes, I'm here, and I don't intend to go away — not even as far as that cursed Manor. I shall just stay at my old quarters." "Indeed. May I ask the reason?" in quired his uncle, looking keenly at hira "Yes, though I know you'll scoff at it, and tell me I've been drinking; but I haven't. Lloyd looked jolly after that. He kept his wine and spirits under lock and key, telling me that it would ruin his reputation if a drunken man was to be seen hanging round his house. Ra ther cool, I thought," said David, iirit- ably. "But true, nevertheless," said hio uncle, who did not choose to tell him that he had asked the doctor to try to break him off the drink. "However, I suppose you did not come home because your feelings were hurt?" he said in A sarcastic tone. "No; though it was deuced lonely when Jack was out. And for the matter of that, it wasn't much better when he was in. You see, he's been going up, and I've been going down, so that we didn't rub along very well. But that was not why I came home. You per suaded me to go because I was nervous,, and thought the Manor was haunted; but it was no use. I have seen her, plainer than ever while I was staying af Donningford. I hadn't had a drop to. drink, either." Price Hughes laughed slightly as he said: /i "Tell me all about the ghost.'" \ Nothing loth, David gave a full ac count of how he had seen Gwen's face above the park wall. His vivid de scription and earnestness impressed his uncle as his previous tales of Seeing Gwen had never done, and he ques tioned him closely. ' - "You say this wall enclosed SommefV ton Park?" he said at length. "Yes, Squire Melville lives there— at least, Lloyd told me so," jeplisd Da vid. "Well, sit down, man, and havff some tea," said his uncle ; and as David, complied, he rang for anotibter cup, ahtt told his nephew to help himself to somu (Commenced Publication, June 1) chicken. Then after giving him the . %ea., lie relapsed into silence. . After a few minute, he: inquired if Dr Lloyd attended the family at Somr raertqn Hall. /'No,- they, have the ether doctor, 1 who .. . has been much longer in Donningford." "Did Lloyd know anything about the family?" - - "Not much'. He said they were very proud people, and that the last gover- . ness had given them a bad name. He scarcely thought Mrs Melville was one to tolerate a ghost in their domains, so I had better not name it."- - "Oh, they keep a governess, and they have changed lately!" said Price Hughes. - Then he became silent again. At last he looked at David. "Do you know, I believe that you did see Gwen— not her ghost, mind, but her self in the flesh." "Are you mad? We saw her buried," said his nephew. "We thought we -did; but we had no proof beyond the locket, and I am in clined to think- that. Gwendoline Ap Rhees has escaped injury, and has been keen enough to make the. most of her chance. She was a ; quick-witted girl, with twice your brains." "I'll never believe it," said the other, not noticing the slur on him in his astonishment. .. "You can do as you like about - that. : You doubted when I yiras satisfied, and low there is grave re&son; for anxiety ;ou choose to shut your eyes. But I am going to find nut the truth, and as 1 may be away some time, you will please to attend to the clients. If anyone asks where I am, remember that I have gone to London for a little change." David nodded in a sullen way, then, after a minute, he said: "Supposing you should find that Gwen is living — which I don't believe you will — what shall you do?" "Put her where she can never escape or tell any tales," said thq_ other, in a tone full of meaning. "When shall you start on your wild- goose chase?" asked David, with a sneer. "To-morrow, and I think it is rather more sensible to chase a substance than to flee from a shadow." "Yes, if it were a substance; hut I tell you it was a spirit that I saw." "Very well, then, I will go and inter view the spirit," Price said, quietly. Then he changed the conversation, and did not again revert to his pro posed journey, so that when he left home the next morning he was ignorant of the fact that one of the passengers in the ill-fated train was then living in Donningford. Instead of proceeding to that town he went direct to Maskerton, and" called upon the doctor who had been one cf the first to arrive at the scene of the accident. Price's ostensible reason for visiting him was to inquire if a diamond ring had been -found, which he stated his ward had been wearing at the time 3f the disaster. Of course, this was a fiction; but after learning that no ring of the kind had been seen, he contrived to find out that a young lady named Hesther Baynes had gone to fulfil her engagement at Sommerton Hall. On hearing this. Price Hughes at once pro fessed that he had known a young lady of that name, and wondered if she were his friend. This elicited the fact that even in the hurry she had struck the doctor as being a very beautiful girl; but whether she were brunette or blonde, he could not say. This, however, was enough for Price Hughes, who the next day pro ceeded to Saltburn, a large village about three miles from Sommerton, where he took up his abode at an old fashioned country inn. He gave out that he was a geologist engaged in studying the different kinds of earth and stone in order to write a book. This explanation accounted for the long rambles that he took; but, sin gularly, they all lay in the direction of Sommerton. Donningford he carefully avoided, not caring to risk meeting Dr Lloyd, although it would have been difficult for the latter, or anyone else, to have recognised in the long black- bearded man who wore blue spectacles the trim, keen-eyed Price Hughes. But if he avoided Donningford, he frequented the village of Sommerton, where in his character of geologist he made the acquaintance of some of the cottagers. While chatting with them he made casual mention of the squire, and learned a good deal about him and his family— among other things, that they had a beautiful young governess, and a description which he received1 from one old dame convinced him that Gwen was living, and acting as gover ness to the squire's children. But before taking any steps to get her into his hands again, Price Hughes re solved to be quite certain; and in order to obtain positive proof, he made his way into Sommerton Park, choosing the time when he thought the governess and her pupils were likely to be out walking, and trpbting to his supposed scientific pursuits serving as an excuse jCor trespassing. , (To be Continued.) 