IN GAOL. OUR PENAL SYSTEM. SECRETS OF THE PRISM NSOSE INTELLECTUAL INTERCHANGE. WORK IH "MODEL" BY HOMINY. III. There are other means of communica- tion between prisoners besides the tapping system. Reference may be made to a couple of devices in order to show how ingenious are the efforts made by tho con- unoes to exchsogo Ideas with their mates. "When the gas was first allowed is ceUs, the pipes were soon discovered to oe an excellent means of commu nication botweou different cells. During the day time the gas was turned off at the meter, and tbo main tap at the end of each corridor was closed. The men in the modol then opeood the little tap on the bracket in tuoir cells, made a sort of funnel with their hands, and talkod with ea«e through many feet e tubing. In order to draw atten tion to the fact that a prisoner wsa ready to speak he merely tapped the pipe, which was easily hoard two or three cells dis tant. The officials very soon discovered that . tho gas . fittings . wore being used as speaking tubes, but their gwet difficulty was to detect the offend ers. There were two or three notorious men who wsuld have their little ohat, sad it was resolved to devote a little attention to their cells, and, if possible, cstoh them, in the act. This was, of ceurse, a very difficult matter, because the doors being fitted with traps a prisoner would bear the moment the catch of the trap was touchod, TOO MUCH GAS. Tbo plan adopted was as follows A warder watched himsolf at tho door of tho oolt which contained tho suspect; another officer went to the cell whtre the recoivor of tho mosaage was stationed, whilst a third was placed at the end of the corridor ready to turn od the main-tap at a given signal. One morning the talking was heard in sub dued tones, end then, at a preconcerted sign, the lap was turded on. There were sounds of suffocation from tbo cells, tbon a whole string of ' Oh bli me'i," and a choico selection of crudo French, which ono can only hear tn perfection at Pnntridgu. Thu experiment proved ft complete success, and tho culprits were cosily discovered. In order to effectually block this talking, the. authorities had a socoud . . tap fixed outside each cell, in short thuro were two _ taps on each gar bracket, one inside and a aocond outside tho ooll. Evary night now during ike winter the outsido taps are opened, and a warder attends at tbo trap with a lantern. Tho prisoner lights a paper spoil, and then proouods to illuminsto his dumber. But unies he is experienced ia gas light ing ho is likoiy to bo loft in dark ness for the night ; because some "peb" will blow down the pipe and put out tho whole tier of lights. The only way nut of this difficulty ia to have a number of speiis ready and keop a light going till tho air is out of the pipe. As tho warder will not givo a second liiiht msoy a poor fellow has been deprived of his reading till tho sileneo bell rang at 8 p. to, A HAUNrED CELL. The second instance of illicit conversa tion wbioh came und«r my notice was assooi&tod; with rather a dtfyl inoidont. A younir fellow of excellent education ana-address waa changed into a c -U which had previously been occupied by Pierre Douore, tlio French reotdiviace who lunged himsolf iu Model./ My friend, wh-iin I wi 1 call Dooian-that being bis nickunmn— was put into the cell and vomoono, of course, was kind onough to toll him that a suicide had taken. plaoo in tt. Doolau was not a very superstitious man, end he certainly never exp<-oiod to find ghosts in model. The first night ho was in this particular coll, aud im mediately after tho gas had been turned offi'hu heard a mysterious scraping iu the eornor of bis coll, which be put down to a Itarmloas littlo mouse. But whnti the imaginary mouxo Iu a- low, sopulebral whisper, rolled out, "Aro you there, mate?" then Doolan began to woudor whether Piorro lud actually returned to this mun- datio sphere. After an intorval of a fow moments the question was again put, "Are you there, ma e f" Doolau now began to feel slightly uncomfortable. Gold beads Ol sworn iirtueu on uui loreiiviu, uuii gcnorally he felt that . he was anything but "all there." Tho voico would not be denied, and continued iu smothered whispers to ouquire the whereabouts of the occupant , of the coll. Being. in tho dark, Doulxn was afraid to move, buttvontuafiy decidod to ring up tlio wardor and ask to bu olmtigud into a cell where there was no amateur H-unlt-l business goiug on. At lost ho.pluukud up courage and wandered around ondoavoring tn traoe the mysto- riutts whispering, He located it at length in the cornor oppost'o his bod, and oloa to tlio giound. Ga ting near the floor ho found that tho sound proccedod from a atnnll hole in tho wall, and thnthunoxt door noiglibur was unxious for a ohat bo- fore turning in. Bo replied to his tnato'e query that lie was very rnuelt there, and likely tobofor some six years to come. Then ho was instructed when the conversation was etidod how to stop up the hole with a bit of wool or paper, and smear it ; over with whiting to prevent detection in the morning. It luemB ttiot at one-, time it waa a com mon thing to tako tho wire out of tlio rim of their tin piste and work & hulo through iito mortar joints. Thoy have even had a string on the wire and drawn notes through. But this is all aionped now aa the walls aro olesoly oxainiued in euspocted cells during the (tour thnt the occupants aro in the yard exercising. THE WORK IN MODEL. . Tho class of work proviad for prisoners when serviug their modol time varies to some extent according to the ability of the prisoners. For instance, a good cloricsl man, if thore wore any writing or ruling to be dene, would bu givon this work. In preference to picking wool or makintr straw hots. On the othor hand, It would be n _man a sot of books to rulo. The general work ia undoubtedly wool picking, and auy new arrival has to ao this for a day or so until , the overseer finds out what the new comer's abilities are like in the way of tackling what is legslly termed " hard labor. The wool is full of burrs, aud these have to be oarefully picked out, and every bit of wool taken off the little IbUtles. Woo betide the iota who throws out a handful of burn ia a morning into tho dust box with any wool on them. Whn tho Oversoor— comes round, the delin Quent would get such a lecture And here let me say that of all tlio decent 'Overaesri in Pentridge, "Old iMiok," aa hit familiars called I him, was ona of the best. H9 has been I over thirty years in the; Penal Deparfc- tatnt, und the Government, I believe, I have "sot him on the list;", but! In his case the oft-quoted Gil- bortian couplet most be reversed, for' Mr Fleming, will be very I much 'missed, aud by. none more ae than the prisoners. Next to wool-picking comes plaiting slnnot for strew hats. Sevoral men are, engaged in thil work; and bucotnu v«ry expert In the plaiting. Making thu hats is another industry ia which a fow mon are engaged, and with a fow patching and. the halanoo writing or ruling the lot are provided with employ-; ment. One wou.J think that packing, wool was a very simple . occupation, but let the new ehum try his hand and he will find that it require experience like any other tirade. A hanksr and myself had wool given ua tho first day, and we both stuok to it cloaely, even working after four o'clock, instead of reading, but we both made a wretched show, while an old Hand next door piled up his cell with light fleeoy wool, aad beautifully ploked. The overseer must have seen that I was wool gathoring instead of wool picking, for next day he cam to my roll and enquired if X could write a goed hand. 1 told him that I wroto a fairly legible hand ; at any rato 1 could make a better- ebow with pen and ink than at burr and tick hunting From that time forward my hard labor oousistod in writing descrip tions of prisoners for use in other colonies, and ruling books for tho office. Ho very |>od nsturodly left the wool in my ooll, ind this, put under my mat at night, (node me a fairly comfortable bed. j THE DAILY ROUTINE. 1 The work in model is all carried out cn s regular system, and with that unvary ing monotony which is so cheracteristie sf life lugaoL On Monday prisoners have to scrub their cells preparatory to the visit of the Inepector-Gejeral, which takes place on Tuesday. The visit of this functionary every week has a powerfully stimulating effect amongst the officials. Tho merest bint that tho I.G., a« ho is termod, is expected sends an electrical bock through officers and wardsra which the proprietor of a Rtiumkorff coil might euvy. On Tuesday, about 10.30 a.m«, his " 1 Gness " arrivoi, and accompanied by the governor, senior ohlef warder, the chief warder of the division ho happens to bo in, and some warders, he proooeds to look iuto ivory cell in uiedel, the prisoner standing to attention in the centre of the coll, on a spot marked by three braes nails, till tho party has passed. I had almost for gotten to mention that just prior to tho arrival of the inspector the old mats in medal are taken up and new ones laid down, and as soon as thu august prosenco 'has vanished, tho old mats ate roplaoud and everything gees on pleasantly. Experience taught mo that if ever 1 waatod a favor, Tuesday alter a visit was the time to aik it It was my privilegetobsndlethesomatsoveryTuesday when wardsman in A division, and also to ohtogs thorn ior the Visiting Justices' day, and X always cuughtmysolf Mumming tbo old refrain, " Oh dear, what can the matter bo 7' But 1 digress. No matter. Wednesday was an off day. If tho weatbor was fino, psrhsps cells would bo scrubbed. Ou Thursday thcotupluhis visited ths division. Thoy called iu their rsnpeotive parisluonora enquired if they wishud a book changed, and gener ally spent about four or five minutes -on each coll, Ou Friday ovary man had to take a bath, plungo and showur, and on Saturday he was banded a clean- shirt, trousers and socka with material .for patching or sewing on buttons. On Sunday no work is done. Reading alt day. as prisoiiors in mode! are not allowed to attend divino worship. A. BARBAROUS CUSTOM. A reference to ono matter in modol which eoeios to ino to call for amend ment will conclude my observations on A Division. I refer to the role which will not permit a prisoner in model thu use of a knife ntid fork at his dinner. t It loemssueh a horrible idun bo nerve np a man's dinner in a tin dish aad allow him to toir the hot fat and meat apart with his hands. Of course, as will bo shown plater on, this is on a par with the whole of the gaol system, namely, to degradn the prisoner as much aa possible. To make him fuel, in fact, that, having committed one mistake, ho muit siuk te the level of a brute and oat as one, The absence of a knife- and fork in model cannot be ac counted for 011 tho pie that nerhaps tho)prisoner might commit suicide, be- caui he has plenty of other opportunities forjeffuotiug tout without the aid of knives and forks. To be consistent, if adopting this theory, why is hu allowod a knife in tho reiuatid yards, where ho would be much mere likely to attempt his life, im- mediately after being sentenced and asso ciated whh such terrible surroundings. It oannot be that the autnorities fear an attempt to out out, because a man ip model has no batter opportunity ofdoingtbistban hiscullouguein UorU di visions. , Tuo bars are all tho satuo thick ness, and thu cells in every way as sooure. Ou what grounds, then, this absence of knife and fork i« accounted for, except to assist in the gouoral degradation of the unfortunate prisoner, it is difficult to imagine, in my next articlo I shall deal with tho mark systorn and solitary cunfmomcnt, (To bo continued). 