The lidnigM Marriage. CHAPTER XVII. ?DNDERCTBnENTS. She ran lightly up the broad stair case of tbe hotel. Althea 'Walsingham, proud, triumphant, with a face that glittered in its evil, bewildering beauty. Softly opening tha door of their sitting room, she beheld her husband lounging on the sofa, looking almost as it he had not stirred since bor departure. He glanced up with a wearied, im patient, expression. 1 How long you have been gone !' he exclaimed. ' Have I ? Did you mi-s me ?' The moody light in his eyo was far from a smile. She threw off her bonnet and the light, fleecv shawl that enveloped her figure. Then she knelt beside him in lovely abandom, clasping ids hands in hers. ' Harold,1 she said, ' T have been try ing to solve a mystery for your sake as well as mine.' He shivered perceptibly. ' I know that Muriel Q.uinell is alive, bo made answer. * Some curious presentimeut warns me.' ' She may be. And yet I besin to believe her mythical. Listen to me ? Althea went briefly over her interview wiih Alfred at Saratoga, and her reeent fruitless journey. Harold seemed to devour the words. ? She was not there. I ?:-w no traces of any wonderful escape. Doors were open as if one might walk in arid out at leisure. Alfred is a crazy idiot, and whether he ever had her or not it is impossible to tell. If she was rescued, or if sbe escaped to her friends, they will not be slow in noising the fact abroad,' ' If you had seen her ?' His eyes tried to read the soul of the woman before him. She baffled him with a careless laugb. ' I might have asked her intentions ' * Althea, that expression is terrible.' j He rose now and confronted her. j : Is it r Arc you afraid, my darling r j But I had no poignard so I could not j have let out her poor, foolish life ! j What fiend's work brought her back j from the grave ?' j ' You hate her :' ? ' Yes. I hate her for uvery kiss, every caress, every tender word that she has stolen away from me.' There was a deadly glitter in the dark eyes. ' You gave them. You must never forget that: It was your plot that I should marry her.' How much of this man's heart did hIic own ? Would he make any desper ate, bitter light for her if it came to the worst ? And if Muriel still loved him ? ' 1'es, since we both needed the for tune,' and there was a dash of stinging scorn in her laugh. But you are mine !' she said triumphantly. ' Ye* !'— in a gloomy fashion : ' and sinct.- the girl has come to life, our fortune slips into nothingness.' ' If you clicose.' ! And if 1 did not choose ?' She studied him a moment. ' Harold, much of this fortune might still be ours if you hare the courage to take a desperate step.' What a beautiful temptress she was ! He had been lying there alone contem plating the dreary future of poverty, for in this brief holiday they had drawn hard upon both snvill fortunes. He shrank from it with a distaste so in tense that life hardlv aoneared desirable on such teniid. ' What could I dor' ' Wo can both compel my uncle to yield a part of this fortune at least. Let us take that, and go abroad imme diately.' He rose with alacrity. Anything 1hat promised ea-e and freedom from harassing thought — any bar between him and the yawning gulf of poverty. ' Yea,' ho returned ; ' he can hnrdly have been warned. It is time he diil something. He has no riijht to plead the law's delay. One mig'-.t fancy thero was some secret cause for his continue! procrastination.' ' He hates to part with a dollar. But there is a threat that I can use.' ' You believe it ?' ' I believe it. He played badly though.' ' 'Why not go this evening ': Host yourself while I order come refresh ment:*. We have little time to lo^e.' Some instinct of possible s!?lfpre servation stirred tho latent energy in his pulses. Althea feu the flame skillfully. Once 'lbroad, queening it ' royally in tho circles of. fashion, and she had no fear that his love would escnpe her. She had a half-fancy, also, that Muriel had outlived her . passion, that coming from the grave, : all things had looked different to h--r eyes. Yet some lingering sympathy or tenderness still remained, as was evident from the fact that she had ' taken no steps to recover her fortune. When they were' safely away,.- she knew well that Muriel would, not seek to wrest the gold from their grasp. .'?'?? The matter was progressing slowly enough in the lawyers' hands. Mat thew JXiliiiol took advantage ,of fivevv little legal quibble to protract- i lie ; settlement, aiid plead most stiongly bis inability to get so larg\i an estate .in order under the year allowed hi in for that purpose. Some of, the income bad been paid into Humid AVnltiiug . 'barn's hands, but tho bulk Ktill stood ? undisturbed. .;,'.? .:'-.:, They took their way to t- o desiirl'bd-. looking house, Mrs.- lialpli answered tho peremptory summons. ???? iv :/; | ' I wish to see my undo !' Alilieu, announced, in hoi1 most authoritative u,*ntitr, ? . ? '..!'-.X;%;i--; \- The woman glanced sharply at her, ' Ho is in a good deal of trouble, and rofu«es oven body.' ' He will see me.' Site walked proudly through the hall to the darkened parlor, and Harold followed. They waited in silence a long while, then Althea ventured up-staira. Matthew Dalziel had not thought of this. He sat before a small table, busily writing, his thin hair straggling nver his hollow temples, his shabby dressing-gown worn and frayed at tho. edgea ; so he started in wild surprise at this vision. I Yes, I was coming,' ho muttered. ' Could you not wait ?' ' Av e have waited long enough ' — with her cool, insnlmifc *toir-'. 'Woman !' he esclnimed withsucMen vehemence, ' what ha^e vou -lone «it!i inv child, my son 1 You ruined him in soul and body with your accused beauty, and now where is he ?' She laughed scornfully. Had .Alfred really kept bis father in ignorance of Muriel's existence, or was ii a delusion on the youna man's part ? I 1 do not see that I am at all answerable for bis follies, and I do not see why I should have made myself hideous because hiR brain was weak.' They studied each other with furtive looks. 1 Uncle Matthew,' she begun pre sently, ' I kept my promise. I might have'married Alfred, but I refrained, partly from consideration of your wishes. And now ray husband is waiting in the room below, and will be put off no longer. We are going abroad, and the business mu^t be pfttlfd. He is willing to make easy terms with y«'U. Was this'man going mid too. that there should come such a slow, vacant look in his eyes. She summoned her husband. Tf there was any bitter encounter it must be undertaken now. ' Sit down,' he said, nodding to the new-eo-.r.fr. ' Why did you not go to the lawyers, as I said, instead of bothering: me ': I have too much on my mind.' ' Mr. Daliie), you seem to take delight in this delay. As guardian of Muriel tjuinell you had sooie powers that certainly were afterward dele gated to her husband. If you have invested her property in an unfor tunate manner there may he some excuse ? ' Harold Walsingham paused and watched his adversary, whose eyes were sheltered behind sinister brows. ' Her husband soon consoled him self, it seems ?'' he answered, with a sneer. ? I believe the fact that he was her husband is all sutlident for the business in hand.' ? And I say that he was not. It was brought about by fraud and overper suasion. You never loved her, but you did want her fortune.' 'You will have to prove all this to make a legal point. I faney that you arc convinced by this time of the im practicability of such a course !' ' ]5iit you have no right ? ' ' Tho law gives me a right,'I believe,' with a touch of quiet triumph, The restless eyes opposite scowled lierco'y, ' As we are desirous of going abroad immediately, I will make it to your interest to settle the matter amicably. You could make some trouble, and per haps unconiFurtablu publicity, but in the end 1 should gain. It you will pay into my hands on Monday next the sum of b'fty thousand dol!nr.-s, y-u .-hall have ten thousand for yo-.ir trouble. The remainder can be settled some other time.' Althea watched the eftVets of this proposal. She saw the gri-O'ly eves sparkle, the thin lips contract nervously She had armed herself with her accusa tion in case they found him obstinate and unreasonable, but tlarod had in sisted that this would be the m-re enticing t-ait. ? '. . ' ' No, I cannot by Monday,' he said, shaking his head. ' But you tnust. Nearly six months have elapsed since the death, and you have delaie'l upon one pretext and another. Otherwise I shall commence a suit at oi.ct*.' This brisk air meant busin- ss. Matthew Da ziel con.-iileivd. He had ^on« ..ver the grouivl many a time, and al.-o taken (?ome eminent legal advice. For to have the halt' of thii' fortune wrested from his grasp was worse in his estimation than parting with his very sou!. He had been waiting for a dim chance that acernad never to come. Why not close with this offer — perhaps, indeed, through some informality the rest would never have to be paid. ; IF thirty thousand would do, I might get that,' he said with rIow hesitation. ' No, it would not,' was the brief, de cisive reply. ' Property must be sold, you sue ? ' ' There are stocks, and money at interest, and ail. I am no stranger to the facts of the property.' Matthew Da'./.iel frowned- This man' with his carelesaly haiulHome iacn aud indifferent, not to say indolent, mar.nur wan us sharp as lie. 'No, 1 cannot do it so soon. You usk.too much.' ''To-morrow then I shall commence asuit. There .will xbe no faltering or leniency iht'.ttt' l,wafhyoii.' ? Then Harold Walsingham rose, still superbly calm. ' - ?' On Monday, you said ? Sit down, ngaitu; When doyou go ?','?.. . . ' He brtished/hit) h'a'r nisrvotisly about with his thin Jtu^ers and looked I'rom one to the other. ; .' AsVooii as the money is paid.' .;? {[And you will return—1—' ? j ' , . -ipbi that is a matter of time — per-' haps'heyer^V^ ;:..-.; '_,,'-,v;^ j '? This toidfri* tho upeater meant! it should.' -';?;. There' was muoli more parleying, but the cud was reached at last, aud Harold Walsingham came off victor. And although Althea longod to «ive a parting thrust, she wisely hold her pence. Out of doois, she laughed in a little triumph. ' The lion in his don was not so for midable after all,' sbe said gayly. ' No. I should have taken just this step long aeo. He has refused to seu me heretofore.1 We can have on Wednesday ?' . _.VYea.' ? ' Every day will be an age until then.' They walked on in silence. Harold Waldingham had been urged to this step by a variety of motives, and now that his point hal been gained the li'st iHssne.is and lmlf-bormr of yesterday st'L.-over l\im ajain. Muriel in hi-r grave had been but a pa-sing tani'y t ? hm. Muriel itlive, nerh:ip.s lr-viiii.' him, wronged out of affection, fortune and nil that she once held dear, was a dread phantom that could not be exorcised Retribution had begun with him. Not repentance, but dull, occasional pangs, and a distrust of this weirdly, beautiful woman, who had urged him on. It was too late to take one back ward step — he accepted the stern truth at the hands of fate, but be could not thrust the pale ghost out of his mind, the face of the woman he had wronged so terribly. Left to himself, Matthew Dalziel brooded over the bargain into which he had been forced. It seemed to him a hard one, and yet he began to wonder whether he could not improve upon it in the future. Would it not be possible to so manage matters in their absence that he should not be greatly the loser by Muriel's marriage ? For to him money was a god. Avar ice had become the ruling passion of his life. He had deceived himself into thinking those efforts for his son's good, but that son bad proved a recreant traitor. He had discovered the Ios3, and now fancied he held a clew in hi* han-..s. What if Alfred meant to follow these two ? Why had he not thought of it earlier and upbraided her with her perfidy be fore her husband ? When he came to see her again be would have his revenge. .She, flaunting in her beau'y and pride, triumphing everywhere, and he toiling and moiling to make up for the success of her daring schemes. Ho went to his dingy little office the next morning and began to consider what plan would be the most easily available. Every hour the sum grew more immense in his eyes and appeared just so much taken from bis rightful portion. Ah, it he could but have in fluenced that dying cousin to make a more sensible will ! He had parUkenof his simple lunch and changed his shabby ollice coat for one that was whole, though rusty. On the t'in-shi-ld, two gentlemen con fronted him, Being well dressed, he bowed obsequiously and ushered them in. ; You do not remember me, I fancy ? began the taller. ' Doctor MacdonaluV ' Macdonald ?' Matthew DaUiel stared a little and rubbed the back of his hand across his forehead. ' No — that is — you seem to have me at an advantage.' ' I once signed a paper iu your house — was it a marriage certificate or a will ?' Dalziel turned deathlv pale and staggered a few steps backward. He remembered the man now — d,d he come as a friend or an enemy ? ' You were one of the executors, or perhaps sole executor of Walter Quin ell's will, and guardian of his child ?' 1 1 wan, and I did my duty I think you will bear me witness that I op i o.-ed the nefarious marriagu scheme, hut the girl bad been wrought upon by tliat designing knave, and was head strong herself. I watched over her wi'h a fmher'u care,' ' Thf business I believe baa not been nettled ?' Dalziel glanced up qucstioningly ? To what d d a'l ibis tend ? ' Tin- est-.te isnt'll m your hands?' . The tone was clear and decisive — that of a man who would stan 1 f.mall trifling. ' It is. The case was a peculiar one, gi-ntlenvn ? ' ' Hsiw; the M'»]sii)!.'hiim8 made no I'fFort. to obtain he property ?' asked Biirtholdy in surprise. 'Yes,' was the slow reply.- ' Mr. Walsingham is pressing for a settlement now. Ho wishes to go abroad irame diately.' The two exchanged a glance which did not escape Dalziel's keen vision. ' And when is it to be made ?' ' I ? ' Dal/.ul stammered, and then paused in come confusion. ' It is im portant that . I should know your reasons, gentlemen. If there were any legal impediments — if it couid be proven that these Walsinghams had no right ? ?' There waa a gleam oil vindiciliveness in tho s iiall, restless eyes that shifted -uneasily from one to the other. Mac ?dohald felt that be wiis to be relied upon through linte, if from no sense of justice...' Thai 'one couid hardly cx .peefc. ' . r ? , , , „. J. And, if it can ??' ? T,ho original will would be in force then. His tfreedy soul overleaped caution at a bound. : , ;' It will be necessary for me to know b'v Mondav'ndoh.' ?-? '???? '? Why?'':; ,.,'Some spocial business is to be transacted on that day, is it?' asked Bartholdy, witli his usual quickness. ' If Mr. Walsingham is going away he needs money. ' You, as executor, will be compelled to pay it over,' Matthew Dalziel flushed a dull, swarthy hue. , ? .' ? . t * It is necessary that wo should know the eXBct truth. Where is thiB money to be paid ?' . '' ' ' ? ;' 'Thfc i* hardly fa'r, i»entlemen.' 'Wo have but little time to parley !' Macdonald excliiimed, in a peremptory tone. ' Tell us thu hour and the place of this meeting Bring thither all important papers, but not a dollar.' ' They cannot prove tho'r clnini then !' he said exultantly. ' The tniir riago was a fraud — Muriel's, I mean 1' and 'his keen eyes sparkled with revenge as well as delight. « : 1 Yes, we may c mFess that.' ' But hew came you to know itr' Dalzielasked, sharply. 'You will hear then. At present we rely upon you to keep our secret.' ' It will be safe, I assure you. .But, gentlemen ? ' for Macdonald had turned. ' It is impossible to enter into particulars now. Give us the address, plpa'-e.' Th' tone was courteous, -but dec sive Mat'hew Dalziel fu-ui-l.d over tb- lnoic papurs upon the t.ibli: until he found a bu8incfs card. ' Monday, at twelve?' ' Yes,' he answered, half-regrettitit.' his rush confidence. 'Nothing else is necessary. Yon will keep this interview a secret also. Good-day.' The two bowed and passed out. ' An easy matter !' exclaimed Bar tholdy, with a light laugh. ' A narrow, fawnino, cringing vil lain ! was Macdonald's rejoinder. ' I could hardly keep from electrifying him with the truth. It is evident thnt he has not seen his sun, and does not suspect Muriel to be living.' ' You think it best to confront them ?' ' Yes. Muriel must nerve herself for the interview, and her share in it need not be protracted. I am resolved that she shall be righted at la»t ' ' And I am anxious to have the mystery ended.' ' To have her free ' was nldo in his thoughts, lint would that bo brought about as speedily as the rest? There might be some legal complications, aud Muriel's sense of honor and right was both fine and delicate. And then he signed softly. Love must be content to worship in silence until it could speak openly without the faintest mis giving. ' Af.d now,' said Maedonald, ' will you call at Mrs. .liosavoolt's with me ? 1 want your opinion of Mrs. Dur.-int, and I am nvtst anxious to have you see Mrs. Quimll. If the likeness impresses you *s sti-oncly us it -)i(i me, i I think thf re nan be no further douLt.' j ' But it seems so improbable thai aj man should wish to destroy all traces of his own child.' ' His jealousy became a mania. He may have intended to restore hor some time, but the separation filled him with bitterness against hi* wife. Tnafc Muriel was honourably born is amply proven from th-- fact of his wh.,:e fortune b;;ing left to her.' 'Yes. One c-ouU hardly d n,bb that.' ? I wonder, Louis, whether it nould be best to excite Muriel over this dis covery uotil the ot'-or matter is fet tled ?' Bar.-lioldy e-msidcred. ' No,' he replied ; ' let us wait. To- morrow and .Sunday will be long, restful days for her, and she will require all her strength. But will Mrs. Quinell consent to the delay ?' ' I told her that Muriel had been ill and was not in tho city, and as she would haivlly leave her mother at this juncture, thero will be something to soothe tbe brief j.eriod of waiting.' ' Oh, mv fnond, to ihink that you ciin give Muriel a mother !' Louis ex claimed in a soft, lingming tone as if he longed to have so divine a pleasure in bis own hands. [TO BE COXTIXUED.j 