OUR STORY. A WEIRD TALE. COLLINS had finished making the punch. He stood with the ladle in his hand about to fill our glasses when my question arrested the proeess. H« looked at me fixedly for a moment, then he laughed aloud, dealt out two gobletB of the streaming brew and sat down near the stove. This affair is beyond a joke, though, Lennon, he said, with much gravity. It means that I shall be published to the wide world as a fakir who paints portraits fro n photographs, and that sort of thing— a daubiDg trickster of the breed that no reputable man would recognise. I could not imagine what his drift was this time. The fellow was absolu tely babbling. You may be mistaken, old man, I 8 aid. Tell me how it all came about. You know Mrs. Browne-Bailey, he began. "Well, I had a note from her yesterday . It read : ( Come at once without fail.' I was rather surprised, because — well, you remember how affairs stood bptween us when she sud denly decided to marry old Browne and- bis money. However, I decided that I could not afford to disobey the in junction, so I went. Madam was in t6ars. Browne had died the night be fore, and she was utterly disconsolate. The old gentleman was going to have n portrait done for the last two or three years, but he never did. The only likeness his wife had of him was a photograph taken three years ago. She wanted me to have Browne tilled on end in his coffin and paint a portrait of bim. I could use the expression in ihe photograph, she said, and the eyes of the youngest child were exactly like Browne's. I refused point blank. A man can't afford to do that sort of thing you know. It savours too much of the 6olar print and pastel shop. Mrs. Browne wept and beseeched. 1 was obdurate. At last, though, a woman's tears won the day. She's still pretty, you know, and only 25. The price was to be any amount I cho6e to name — fancy making a price to Madge Brown. W ell, the long and short of it was that I promised to do my best. He paused to fill bis pipe and take a sip at the punch before continuing. After a few preliminary puffs at ihe long stemmed church- warden he pro ceeded. I went to Browne's bright and early this morning. The blinds were all down, crape on the door, widow unable to leave her room, servants walking about like ghosts, and that sort of thing. The undertaker had just put Browne in his coffin, and he was 'be only u>an 1 could get to help me stand the silver- studded sarcophagus on end againt the wainscoting. The lid bad been screwed down and the glass front removed, ex posing the face and throat of the dead man. There was a very good light on it. from the large window on the right, .ibil j begun to see that after nil I might i I- iii>le to get something worth while. I lie face looked wonderfully life-like, aud I commenced to take a real interest in the wo k. . The undertaker had withdrawn and I was alone with my model. I had just sketched in the outline of the face, when there was an occurence that con gealed the blood in my veins and made the skin creep up on tbe back of my neck. A tearing, splitting noise seemed to come from the coffin. 1 looked up, and — well, you can imagiue' tbe horror of it — it was the body of old Browne coining towards me. The next instant my model fell heavily forward to the floor, the coffin overbalancing and fal ling with a crash on top of the corspe. Good Lord ! I gasped. Collins was pacing the floor again, his face twitching with nervous excite ment as he recalled the details of his adventure. The body lay face downwards, he went on. I was so parolysed with the ghasliness of tbe whole proceeding that for a moment I stood rooted to ihe floor. Then it suddenly flashed across iny mind that the affair would be a terrible shock to the widow, and over coming my repugnance, I set the coffin right side up and made a desperate effort to raise Browne into it without alarming anyone. Suddenly I felt some thing warm trickly over my hands. I looked— it was blood. Thoroughly terri fied, I dropped the body, raog the boll violently, and then ran for a doctor. When I left the house half an our later, Browne was very much alive. They were feeding him with stimulauts through a tube. A case of catalepsy, the doctor called it. During the recital of this straDge adventure, I had been Bubject to con flicting sensations. At first I felt sor row and alarm for my friend, whom I supposed demented, as the method ia his supposed madness became apparent, and lastly I could not help feeling amustd at his fear of having transgres sed the unwritten tenets of the pro fession. Why, man, I exclaimed, its the greatest thing that ever happened to you . You'll be advertised all over tbe country. True, he groaned, but the wrong sert of advertising. Just then the clock began to strike twelve. Quick, I said, hastily filling the glasses, let's drink to the New Year, and long life to old Browne. The glasses were raised to our lips when again there was a rapj ing at tbe door. Collins gave a violent start and stoi.d listening. What iB it ? I called. Please, sir, answered a boy's voice from without. Mr. Browne died at 1 1 o'clock and tbe madame wanis Mr. Collins to cosie down in the morning. Tell her, said the artist, with a look of unspeakable terror, tell lier I wouldn't come for a million dollars cash. Since that night Jayne Collins has become a very successful painter. There is a sign painting establishment in the old studio, and things have altered a good deal all round. My friend haB gathered flesh with the years, aud there is not a trace of the old time nervous ness remaining. We have often talked about old Browne's portrait, bu recently I discovered in bim a little sensitive ness on that subject, and also recently I learned from the columns of a New York art journal the reasons for it. The notice in tbe paper read : Jayne Collins, the American poi trait painter, whose picture, " A Society Model," attracted so much favourable notice at tbe Columbian Exposition, is shortly to wed Mrs. Browno-Bailey, the well-known western art patroness. There is said to be a romantic story be hind this alliance. And this is the story. — Saturday Globe. 