HOW CELLULOID IS MADE. So many artfo'es are now manufactured from celluloid, both useful, ornamental, artistic and otherwise, some of them marvellous Imitations of tortoise shell, ivory, etc., that a short account of the process em ployed for the manufaoture of this useful substance may not be out of place. For this purpose unslzed paper is first taken and pulped or shredded into strips about fin. In width, and then treated with acid to transform it into cellulose; the paper being submitted to the action of the acid, for the required time, in large stoneware vessels or baths, then removed, and after careful wash ing placed in centrifugal machines to remove any excess of water. The workmen per forming this sold treatment are clothed in rubber and their faces have a ghost-like appearance which testifies to the strength of the chemicals used. After being spread out for a considerable time to thoroughly dry on the drying tables, the substanoe is taken to the dehydrating rooms where camphor is added to it, the two ingredients being carefully weighed mixed, pressed, and crumbled together and then presenting the appearance of a mixtur. of paper ribbons and white -ngar, the odour alone denoting the presenoo of the camphor The mixture is now ground and pressed by the masticators in the calendar or roller room, about a bushel or "batch" being treated at once, the machinery consisting simply of heavy iron rollers mounted in a horizlntal position and gearedto revolve in wards. If allowed, the mixture forms itself into a sheet on the roller, but the operator prevents this by continually outting it off and returning it to the maohine, in order that the eubstance may become thoroughly homogenous. In about 15 minutes a batch will be sa~f ciently worked, when it is removed in a sheet about one inch thick, presenting the the appaarance of finashed calluloid. These sheets are then placed in an hydraulic form aid run uundr a steam-heated bydraulic prers, where they remain for about two houra, after which the '. cake" of oolln'oid so produced is removed by un bolting the form, and then allowed to sea son for a few days, afterwards being out into sheets of any required thickness by means of a thick blade or "doctor" fas tened to a reciprocating table on which the "cake" is placed. This machine will on sheets of any thickness to 1,00005h of an inch. * The sheets are then hurg no to season and dry for about six months to prevent warping when worked up hence they go to toe various departments of the factory and are pressed, turned, or out, as the ?sse may be, in faithful imitation of the article they are intended to represent. Tortoiseshell, ivory, amber, translucent, eto., celluloid is produced by careful and dexterous treatment in the roller room, the grained appearance of ivory being senured by cutting the sheets into strips lin. wide nd setting them on edge laterally In the hydraulic form beforo praesing.-" Iouon tion." 