ELLINOR L.EIGH. m By the Author of -WkhThuKinglTht* Wti? 'A Wife* Temptation.' CHAPTEB I.— Continued. ' Sir, do you know ec ?' You ana sjarit, I know.' ' What is the matter with you this morning, Maurice?' asksd the stately old Lady Graudale of her grandson. ' You areas silent as an hourglass, and as sombre as a monument.' The young man thus addressed was standing in alistless attitude by fhe window with his back towards th* speaker, but on. turning to reply he dis played a countenance so singularly bright and handsome that it seemed at complete variance' with the listlessnass of his manner. ' I am haunted, mother,' he answer ed smiling. *? Haunted 2' exclaimed the old lady, rustling her heavy silk dress ' by her sudden movement. ' Well, in these days, when spirits play such vagaries, I must not bo surprised, I suppose, to hear a man say he is haunted. Are your spirits black, white or gray?' ' Neither,' he said smiling again. ' They ar« deeply, darkly, wonderfully blue.' 'Blue!' eri*d the lady. 'The only blu* spirits I ever heard of are the ' blue devil*,* and they surely don't haunt you, Maurice.' ** Never when I am with my mother's mother,' replied the young man, gal lantly. ** Grassdale SCanor defies the bines, except indeed scch as those that haunt me now.' ' Well, and what are they, Maurice?' 'Byes, my dear lady. By Jove! I believe they axe spirits, after alL Mere eyes they can never be.' 'Eyesl And to whom do they be long?' He hesitated, and then answered — ' Let m* see. I scarcely remember her name. Oh, it was Moonteorel — Miss MountsoreL You introduced me to her just before dinner in a very hurried manner, and I took her to the 'Misa Moontsorel!' And Lady Gxaasdal* lifted her eyebrows in ear prise. 'Well, that is strange. You never met her before, I suppose ?' ' No, I think not,' said Maurice ; ' but I am not quite sure; eh* baa aocha haunting face, it follows a man in the most mysterious way. I certainly saw her picture at Eome.and her ghost at Venice. I am decidedly pucsled. And, the oddest mystery of all is, that she herself seems quite fanriKnr to me in some inexplicable way.' A smile played over Lady Grassdsle's face as she listened. ' *«?-! did w;«c Mountsorel claim ac quaintance with you as an old friend ?' she said. Mauriee Inglewood ooloured, and then laughed. ' No,' he returned, ' she said very little to me ; she was bearly civil/* Then, stretching his hand through tie open window, he snapped a branch of white rose*, and added — ' Who was it I used to know that liked white roses so much f' The question amused Lady Grassdale. She lflanftfl ' bafik in her chair, andla-ugh- ed quietly. K You have a bad memory, Maurice,' she said. ' Miss Mountserel wore white roses on her dress last evening, and: ? But stop ; let me see what your memory is worth. You recollect, I sup pose, that this was your home when your poor mother died P' ' My dear second mother, how can I forget?' He crossed the room and took her hand. The old lady kissed him, sub sided into silence for a moment, aad then said, abruptly — ' Maurice, do you remember that very pretty child, EUxnor Leigh, who used to be your playmate?' « I remember her,' he answered ; ' she was like a bird ^without, its shy ness. A singularly trustful little crea ture : she. seemed to bring goodness with her like an atmosphere. I have more than remembered her — I have thought of her often.' The old lady adjusted ths folds cf her black lace shawl, aad smiled complacent ly. ' She * is just as you describe her in eharaeter, and yet you have forgotten her face,' she answered. ' Her face?' repeated Maurice. 'Yes, it is strange I cannot recall it.' 'Not even her eyes?' asked old Lady Grassdale, shyly. ' A pair of wonderful eyes, deep, dark, and matrons. I should imres have thought anyone could forget Elinor's *yes.' f ?''?'«» Inglewood started widiiamlT. from his listless attitude, and took one hurried step forward, then stopped. ' It cannot be '.' lie cried. Tha-/-!d lady podded an inftrmativeat him. ' Yes, it can,' she said. 'What, that cold, calm, quite #irl to Trhom I sat next at dinner yesterday, and tried to entertain with all sorts of nonsense ?' 'Her eyes should hare told you better,' said Lady Grassdale. ' Why did you not talk to her of old times ?' ' Old times !' exclaimed her grandson. '** I never guessed there «as any old times between her and me. She never alluded to the past, and yet by her manner she seemed to show ? Oh, what a dolt I was ?' At this moment voices were heard in the hall, and in another instant the door was opened, and a serrantannoun ed — ' -?:- T;*m^ j-ud l-dy Torrents, and the Misses Torrents !' Maurice liigiewood pnshod open the Window and escaped into the garden, as the visitors, with a rustle of silks, enter ed the rot m. He sat down . on a rustic chair, and tried to think calmly. With intense irritation he remembered he had treated Miss -. Mountsorel as a perfect stranger. He recalled the commonplace tone of his conversation, his cold, super ficial sneers of society, and all his other shortcomings, with painful distinctness. Above all, he remembered, with a ter rible wince of the heart, that if his manner towards her expressed anything, it was a laughing tone of self-defence, as though she were one of the many young ladies who had shown themselves anxious to lay violent hands on himself and his future coronet. This to Miss Mountsorel — the heiress of fifteen thousand a year, the girl for whom many a noble and geliant wooer was contending. : He tried to pause in his reverie, bat the hot thoughts went dashing on. He remembered the frankness of her tone when she first addresaad him, and the strange stir in his heart, to which he would not listen, when he answered her, More bitterly still he recalled the won der in her ejes, charging to disappoint ment, and lastly, her increasing cold ness and icy silence till the ladies left the table. And afterwards, when on entering the drawing-room, he found her already gone, he recollected, almast with a groan, th* worldly thought that had beset him. ' That girl made a set at me at first,' he had said to himself, ' but, like a wise woman, she has beaten a retreat now.' Had there not; too, been some hidden chagrin in this thought? Why did the chair on whieh she had sat at table seem so very, very empty when she was gone ? And whenFredSimper, saunter ing up to him, took that very chair, why did it seem more empty than before, while a sudden irritatou seized him not to be allayed till Fred's aanable counten ance was smiling on him from the op posite side of the hospitable board? And Miss Mountsorel was ElHnor — his dear little Sllinor, whose sweet, childish lips he had kissed so oteu, and whose artieSB letters in yea&a; gone by had so solaced him in many lands. roiir years aco these had ceased, and then he had discovered something was wanting in his life, some comfort and and joy were gone that had once been his. He wrote her a long filled with the histories of his t a. -els, and entreaties to fceax from her as usual. He receiv ed in raply a stiff letter from her gover ness, declining on MLs Leigh's behalf any further correspondence, as her father considered her now too old to c tlnue it. il&urice; tore up this letter in dis gust. ' So ends my young romance,' he said, bitterly, ' sacrificed on the altar propriety. Let me see, how old is Eilinor now ? Why, she most be fifteen, and I never once thought she and I were no longer children, That prim governess teaches me to reflect ; she is growing into a woman, who will not care to remember a boy lover.' Four years had passed siacethat time and the memory of Eilinor faded, as memories will fade, till revived now by her reappearanee as the beautiful heiress, Miss Mounteorel. Maurice burned with impatience to gain further details of h«r from Lady Graasdale, but sauntering towards the window, he heard the female tide of tongues, swelled to a wave of talk, which broke continuously ngiriurt his grand mother's ears, apparently without etun ning her. ' Oh dear!/ cried one of the young todies. 'There's Captain logieweod in tiie garden. Pray do come in and tell us all about your travels.' Thus entreated, Maurice was. compel led to enter, and join in the inane talk. 'My dear Lady Grassdale, did you notice the Meanwell's bonnets at church ? Those girls made their bonnets themselves. It is a positive fact, I assure you. Now we have all hear! of homemade bread, but home made bonnets — the idea is preposterous. And such objects as they ore, too I' 'Perhaps the Meanw«lls are poor and make their bonnets themselves to save expense,'- observed Lady Grassdale. Poor ! My dasr Lady Grassdale, if they are, why on earth do they come to a fashionable High Church, among an assemblage of well-dressed people. It is no place for them.' ' With homemade bonnets on ?' said Maurice. 'It's really awful,' cried all the Misses Torrents together, with a smart little laugh. 'And the most amusing thing is,' said Miss Evangeline, ' that I whispered to 'n-wnn in church, . 'Do loot at the Meanwells' bonnets,' and mamma oouldn't here, and said ' What ?' so loud that she woke up pa, who im mecHately, thing it was time to go, took up his bat, and was walking off, if we hadn't stopped him.' He the remembrance of this little domestic comedy became too much for the young lady, and, overpowered with laughter, she brought hsr narrative to a dose. At last the call was over, the dreary emptiness at an end. And Sir Titus, who was rmniTiilatrd on entering the room, curiously ;Came into being again, and making a 6udden dive before Lady Graasdale, wished her good morning in a choked voice, as though he were accus tomed to have a stopper thrust down his throat at unexpected times, and spoke under constant terror of its ar rival. ' Thank goodness !' cried Maurice, ae the last procession of trains and flounces rustled through the doorway.. ' Why has she changed her name to Mount sorel?' he asked,witb. the tone of a many continuing a conversation, and with a total forgetfulness of a long interrup tion in tbe shape of the Torrents family, not stall flattering to the ancient house. 'Oh, about three years ago an eccen tric old gentleman in the north, of Eng land died, leaving his vast estates to hie next heir if he could be sound, and on condition fhat he took his name. Mr. Leigh soon established his claim, and took possession of the property. He is now building a magnificent place in Yorkshire, where he means to go and live, But BHinor likes there old nl&ce; beet. I am so sorry she cannot come to na.' ' Cannot come ?' ' Ke. I asked her last night to come over here exid spend a few days with us. I thought she would be glad to oee you again, and I fancied she Mid * Yes' last evening. But she wrot« this morning, declining the invitation. Here's her letter. Would you lik« to read it ?' With a sudden flush on his brown, handsome face, Maurice took the letter and read it, then hud itdown without a word, and went out. A few minutes afterwards, Lady Grassdale saw him galloping past the window at full speed. ' He is going to Leigh Court.' the old lady said, with a smile of triumph. To be continued. 