THE MENACING EYE. A Short DETEcrm Stort. CHAPTER I. NOT LIKE OTKEK CHOSTS. "I feelieva you'ra a ghost-hunter," said Nick Carter, the famous detective, as we lighted onr cigar* after lunehson. "You know it," wa« my reply. "I'd rather eee a ghoat than any live man on earth. Bat, eonuhow, I don't have any luok." \- " Here's a chance for yon. Ite a case I've been asked to take, and I poaitlvely htkvafi't thi time." ' What arc the faete T " 'Edward Hamilton, son and heir of the late Robert Hamilton, who, by the way, was a highly cultivated gentleman, and at the aame time a crank of the first water—la having a lot of trouble in bia father's house at Wantagh, on Long Island. " He and hie wife inherited moat of the money, I believe. There was another eon, bat he seemB to have been left. " Mr and Mrs Hamilton are living in the honae where the old man died. It obiim that the wife hae been suddenly stricken by a disease which threatens to make her a hopeless, feed-ridden invalid. " Hamilton is terribly grieved fey that, and is in euoh a nervous state that it is hard to get a straight story out of him. He was at my honse this morning, " The net result of my questions was the belief that somebody is trying to frighten him with the ghoat racket, "He won't tell me what he's seen,but, from the effaot upon him, I judge that it must have been something unusual, and the work of a clever trickster. "Now, the point Is here: I^cant go down there on chances; I haven't time to spare. But If you'll go down and look the ground over, I'll agree to help yon out if the affair gets too exalting for yon.' " I d like nothing better.'' was my prompt response " I'll go down this evening. Any ■psoial instructions ? " " I haven't any instructions," he replied, 1 bnt 1 have a word of oantion. Don't fool with this business. Remember that there is a good deal of money in the Hamilton estate, and this ghost work mhst have some bearing on It. Now, if a gang down there is playing for high stakes, they'll probably take long ohancs, and if -yon get in their way, yon're likely to get bhrt." " I shoot fairly well, Niok; thanks to your instrnotions," said I. "How abont somebody else getting hurt I" "Well, that looks reasonable, too," he said, "and I should much prefer it to be thst way." . . We asrted, and I went on my way rejoic ing, The job promised bo end of fun, and in spite of Nick's warning, I couldn't see any bloodshed in it However, when I was reoeived by Mr Edward Hamilton that evening in the large and shadowy parlor of bin late father's residence, there was an exoellent six- shooter in my piatol-pooket. Mr Hamilton was a man of distinguished appearance. He was tall and slender, and i his faoe was well chiseled, bnt excessively thin, A glenoa at him showed the disturbed . condition of his mind. ^ _ " I am very glad to see yen," he laid. "Mr darter was afraid he wouldn't be able to do anything for me. " I am in desperate trouble. I have just lost my father, my wife ii hopelessly ill, there are serious and perplexing complica tions in my father's affairs, now of oeursa ia mr oharge; and Ye cop all this, I am tortured by a mystery whiob positively has 1 no natural e xplanation." " Mr Carter prepared ma to hear some thing of this kind," I said, " but he did not explain the nature of the strange manifesta tions which have disturbed you." He spent some time in thought. At last he said : I believe that it will be better for me not to attempt todesoribe what I have soen. There ate reasons why I should prefer simply to give you the opportunity oi en countering an experlenoe similar to mine. " I am far from trusting my own observa tion and judgment. I am in a highly nervous condition, as a r'sult of anxiety and loss of sleep. It may ^ bo that this horror is only an hallucination. At any rate. I am anxious to compare your observa tions with my own. I want yon to occupy to-night the room where I have slept—or, rather lain awaken-far the last four nights." "That is exactly what I was abont to suggest," I replied, " but I would add that no person but ourselves should know of this. You will assign me a room, and it will be understood in the house that I am here &b; a physician whose opinion yon have desired regarding your wife's illness. "When we have both gone to our rooms, in the sight of one of the s rvante if possible, we will, with the nt nost secrecy, change about" Mr Hamilton agreed to this, and we laid nothing more about tha supernatural iide of the affair. I asked him certain [Ufstiona concerning his father's estate, md elicited only one fact that seemed at ill unusual." The testator, in bis will, bad mentioned i gam of money whiob nobody had been ible to flud. The will stated that a memo random regarding it would be found in ;he late Mr Hamilton's private drawer in lis safe. No such memorandum was shore. Tne son was of the opinion that the noney mentioned, which had been wifch Irawn from a shaky bank at the time of ihe late panic, had been subsequently de posited elsewhere, snd that a record of Jjat transaction would be discovered in us father's acoounte, which were being examined by experts. The amount was >ue hundred and eight thousand pounds, the odd thousands being in gold and the bulk in notes. While I immediately connected this mystery in my mind with all the rest of the trouble which Mr Hamilton had had, I was by no means able to explain the rela tion that they bore to each other. It was possible that Mr Hamilton was concealing something from me; that be knew where the monsy was, and to whom he should rightfully pay it, and that the ghostly work was being made to awaken his conscience. I did not subject him to any cross-ques tioning. The fact is, that he was so ner vous that I was afraid he would go crazy before my eyes. We spent a most melan choly evening in each other's eooiety, and went to onr rooms about ten o'clock. Several times during the evening he had -ieited the apartment where Mrs Hamilton iy 8ick, That room was separated from is only by a dressing-room. The whole limed a suite ef which the room where Ir Hamilton had slept had been the study, t seems that his father had been a student ad an author. I thought that our exchange of rooms ras managed very cleverly. I did not be eve that anybody saw us. No sooner waa I in the room whioh Mr famiitnu had occupied, than I made a areful examination. The doors were uu Eually heavy, and of course I locked them oth, and Becured the keys in such a man or that no one oonld gain entrance by leans of nippers. I oonld discover no secret entrance. It ras a corner room, and therefore, of oorse, there were two exterior walls, bough one of them did not run the entire mgth of the apartment. There was a com adjoining it at that point which I id not explore, but,there was absolutely to means of communication between it and i'y own, except through the hall. When I had finished my examination, I ras really disappointed. The experience romised to be like eo many others— itterly devoid of any unusual feature. Vhen I lay down to rest in the re oarkably large and luxurious bed, I had to mora idea of being disturbed during the light by any supernatural visitor than I iad of waking np to find myself in the oon. However, I had a revolver in the drawer ! a little stand near the head of my bed, id it was ready for instant service. After lug awake for about an hour, wondering fay ghests don't come when they would be so ante of a cordial welcome, I dropped into a sound sleep, I was awakened by something which touched mjr face. My impression, as I started up in bed, was Ulug a draught of cold air bad blown upon me. Then I was conscious of a sound. I couldn't describe it; every one knows the rustle and murmur whiub indicate the presence of a human being—parhapa I would batter say, several human beings, for there seemed to be noises in various quarters of the room, This was promising. I was quite grati fied to perceive indications that something was going to happen. Very gently 1 leaned over and pnt out my hand toward the place where tne little etand had been. It was not there. I was not nearly so mush gratified by this occurrence asui bad been by what bad preceded it. I suddenly began to want the pistol very much. I was on the point of leaping oat of bsd, when, suddenly, through tne absolute darkness a fine, bright ray of light shot exactly into my eyes. For an imtant I was completely dazzled. Then the ray almost faded, and instead of it I saw Bomsthing that soared me worse than 1 was ever Beared before, or ever exptot to be again. Might in the middle of the darkness there was an eye. It was like a human eye—though much distorted and dreadful in its expression—but it was nearly a foot in aitmecer! ^There it stood, without bodily surround ings, without a single visible member to keep it company. It shone upon me with a dreadful intensity impossible to describe, it shone by its own lignt. And it was alive, for, as3I gazed upon it, the lid slowly opened wider, ihe pupil eon trusted, the glare of the great and a*fu< object became brighter and more mesac ing. I 