INTERVIEW WITH A BURGLAR. Mr. J. C. Kirkham, a one-time well-known rosidentof Prahran, and for years 'Ye host of Te Telegraph' had an interview with a burglar last wook. ihe interview was of 6hort duration, and Mr. Kirkham had not time to obtain his visitor's views on tho ' Plural Voting Abolition and AVomen's Suffrage Bill,' now before the House, before he left. Mr. Kirkham has a villa ' To let ' in Williams-road, in which he occas sionly slept for its protection. On Mondiiy morning he was aroused from his slumbers by a noise in the house. For some time he lay listen ing, and as it seemed as if there was someone moving about in the house, he at last arose, and proceeded, al most naked, to investigate the cause. In the hall he met the burglar and then a mutual sense of astonishment struck them. The burglar could not believe that the empty house could contain other than a ghost, and Mr. Kirkham could not think that his house contained a burglar. The visitor trembled from head to foot paralysed with fear, but Mr. Kirk ham broke the spell with tho Eng lish query ' AVhst the d ? are you doing here ?' The burglar was too much in a hurry to stay and answer such a question before breakfast. Mr. Kirkham, without garments, was not in a fit state to peraue him, and so he escaped. . The same man unburdened himself to a mate afterwards as follows : — If you want a real sensation, just break into a house and wait until you hear a door open, or the stairs creaking as some' one steals down and de mands ' Who's there ?' perhaps ac companying the question with the click of a revolver being cocked. If you can keep your head then,- and your knees don't givo way under you, you're a hero. Jbunny thing it is, too, how sometimes nothing flurries you, and at other times the slightest sound, knocks you all to pieceB. Once I was disturbed when; at work in the dark, and heard two or three people coming downstairs into the hall. Quickly I' pulled a curtain around me, and, as they stood outside peering about with a light, 1 was looking at 'em. Do you know that all that timo I nevor turned a hair, and was as calm and collected as I am now. They never raw me, for at that moment there was a scratching at the front door, und they cried out ' Why, It's poor littlo Billy ! He's been shut out, and trying to get in.'' But law! die Worst sensation I ever had was ibis Williams-road spare, when I met the ghost 'of the former tenant comiafe' down the' passage 'rait nodlnga on.' So far as I'm concerned those chandeliers may remain there.' 