A Wonderful Woman, CHAPTER XVI. " BEFORE MIDNIGHT. r She walked deliberately into the sleep- ing-rooni, and (took up the casket. It closed and locked with a -secret spring ; the touched it; and the lid flew back. It contained a slim packet of letters (tied with ribbon,-.; , and . an old- fashioned miniature paintecl on ivory, in a case of velvet, ornamented with seed Ipearls. ' The drirk side of Katherine's nature, that might have lain dormant and unsus pected even by herself for ever in the sunshine; of prosperity, was asserting itself now. She deliberately read the address qn the letters. The paper was yellow with time, the ink faded, but the bold, firm, masculine hand was perfectly legible still, 'Miss Harriet Lelacheur, 35, Rosemary-place, Kensington,' — that, was the address. She turned from the letters, pressed the spring of the picture-case, and looked at theportrait within. Like .the letters time had faded it, but' the bold, masculine, boyish tace smiled up at her with a brightness that 'even a score of years could not mar. It was the eager, hand some, beardless face of a youth in the first flush of . manhood, with lips that smiled, and eyes that were alive. ' A brave, gentlemanly face,' Kather- ine thought; ' What could a man .like this ever have had. -to do with her ? Is this the lover she spoke 'of, from whom my mother parted her? Are. these letters from him ? Was her name Harriet Lelacheur, instead of Harman ? You may keep my Indian box, Mrs. Vavasor, and welcome, and I will keep its contents. With the same steadydeliberation she put the letters and picture in her pocket, and walked back .into the other room. There was, .a Hard light in her eyes, an expression on her face notpleasant to see. ' On the road I an walking there is no turning back. To accomplish the aim of my lite I must. do. tc others as I have been done by. Mrs. Vavasor and Peter Dangerfield shall find me an apt pupil. Ah — at la--.t ! here she is ! ' Sjne .turned and faced the door. A; she'did'so, 'it was thrown impetuously open-and the woman shi hated stood beinrjp her. It was Mrs." Vavasor's last night in Castleford — her last night, she ihad made up'dier; mind, for ;'ever.. ' . It was all over. The romance, the re venge, and the triumph of her life were finished and done. She had wrought out her.-vendetba to the . bitter end. Her pnee'ha'd been paid twice over. With twenty thousand pounds as her fortune, she would return to Paris, launch out in to a life of splendour, and end by mar rying a title. She was singing softly to herself as she ascended the stairs. Everything had gone so well 1 She had had her ven geance and had made her fortune at one clever throw, and after to-night a long vista of Parisian pleasure an.l Parisian life floated before her in a rosy mist. With the opera tune on her lips, she opened her door, and stood face to face with — Katherine Dangerfield. She stood stock still. The song died on her lips — the sudden, swift pallor that overspread her face showed through all the pearl powder she wore. She had said she was no coward and she was not ; but in this hour she stood afraid to the very core to tace the girl she had wronged. Katherjne had arisen, and stood be side her, and Katherine was the first to ...speak. , in, Mrs. Vavasor — the room is your .own ; and you need not look such a picture of abject terror. I haven't'eome heie to muider you — to-night.' oBer voice was perfectly clear, perfectly steady. An angry sullenness came to the elder woman's relief. She came in, closed the door, and defiantly faced her foe.!hi ';;/ \This is a most unexpected pleasure What can I do for you, Miss Danger- fie!d?' \She threw.herself into a chair, -stretched out her daintily-booted feet to the fire, and looked across with the same defiant face at her enemy. , - > , Katherine turned her grave eyes from the fire, clasped her hands together or the little table between .them, and leaned slightly forward >as'she spoke : ' Miss, Dangerfield is , not my name. You are the only one who knows. Will yqhcteHjhe_.\vhat it is?' . .. ' i np4scjde.dly.' , ; .. .. , ........ - questions you will no| answer. Here is another : Is my tapier alive?' l|He is-' sj&My; mother is dead--really dead?' |As dead as Queen Arine, Miss Danger- I suppose v-e may as well continue tdrcall you so to the last, for convenience sake. Your mother is dead ; and Katha rine — you'vebeen brought up a Christian ahd alt that, and you ought" to know — dpiypu suppose, the dead,, can- see- what gSeV Sn 'in this reeling, rocking little globe::of: ours? Because, if they do, I sin- cerlv hope your late' lamented . maternal parent is looking do.vn upon you and me at this moment.' "' You are a good hater, Mrs. Vavasor, Now' ' should "like to know what my mother ever did to you to inspire such <deep, and bitter, and lasting hate. You hated her alive, an i you hate her dead, and yph visit that hate, as -bitter as ever, yearstarid years after upon her child.' Mrs. Vavasor laughed — all her airy, easy self again. ' And > ou really are anxious to know why I hated — Well, I am in the . humour to gratify you to-right. I have locked the past eo closely up for nHi a length ol dm ' " it-lli.ng ui arc'iofand a „ i \ .<.!< it to-night. But to think I should tell it to you — to you! | Why, look you! I might have been a i good woman — a rich woman — a model British matron — sitting at the head of a j husband's table — bringing up children in the way they should walk, going three times every Sunday to church, visiting the poor of the parish, I might have been ail this, Miss' Dangerfield, | and I wanted to be, but that dead mother of yours stepped forward, . interposed her wand of authority, and lo !-to-day, and j for the past eighteen years, I have been j a Bohemian — -houseless, friendless, penni- j less, rcputationless. Now, listen — here is the story. No names mind ; no ques tions when I have done. All you are to know I will tell you. Your father lives — you have hosts of relatives alive, for that matter, but I don't mean you shall ever- see or know any of' them.'' She sank back ' in 'her chair,, played with her watch-chain, looked at the fire, and told her story in rapid words. 'Your mothei was just my age when I 'first knew her — a little the elder, I think ' — and just married. She wasn't hand some, hut somehow she was attractive ; most people liked her — I did myself for a time. And she was a great heiress ; she was the wife of the handsomest man in England, and she loved him — ah, well! I as you loved pcor Mr. Dantree, perhaps, I and not much more wisely. ' I lived with her; — never mind in what capacity ; I lived with , her, and knew more of her than any other human being alive, including her husband. Indeed, after the honeymoon — and how he used to yawn and smoke during the honey moon — he saw as little of her as possible. She was the woman he was married to and the woman he loved was as beautiful as all the angels, and not worth a farth ing. It's a very old state of things, Miss Dangerfield — nothing novel about it. Your mother was frantically jealous, and, having the temper of- a spoiled child, made his lor — I mean, made your father's life a martyrdom, with endless tears and reproaches. When she sat sobbing sometimes, swelling her eyes, and red dening her nose, and looking very ugly, I usedttcT'pity her, and once I ventured . to offer my humble sympathy, and call , my— her husband a wretch. Do-you I know how she received it? She jumped tin n.»H cln.nnpH m\r fin r/ f ' » ' I am glad to hear it,' Katherine, said, with composure. ' She1 s'erved - you right.' ' Ah, no doubt ! You would have done the same, I am sure. Well, it was about- that time the romance of my life "began-/1 Your mother's brother came from Ireland to make her a visist,/ and we met. Me was only twenty ; I was your age — seven teen. He was handsome and poor — your mother had got all the money, he all the beauty of the family. I was — my modesty makes me hesitate |to say it- considered pretty in those days — that is, in a certain gispy style of prettiness. It was a style that suited him, at least, and we looked at each oilier, and fell in- love, and e' .th turned to paradise, and we were among the blest. i' No one suspected our secret — his folly, and my presumption — that is what she termed it. We had fixed the day of our flight — we had packed our portmanteaus — in less than a week we would be in Scotland, and united as fast as Scotch marriage laws can urite, when all of a sudden, my la — your mother's sharp, grey eySs were opened, and saw the truth. A note of his to me fell into her hands, and she opened and read it. Not an honourable thing to do — eh Katherine ? It told her all — of our intended, flight in two days, of our proposed marriage — all.—, - ; ; .Ai . f ' I have told you, Katherine, that you aie like your mother. You are. Yourhave taken all you troubles quietly, and made no outcry, no complaint. .. She took things, quietly, too, Three hours after she got that note she came to me, quiet, composed, and determined. 'Harriet.' she said, 'I am going Jnto the country for a. day— only a day. Pack a few things, and be ready to .accom pany me in an hour.' ' I stood confounded- He was away ; what would he say when he came'1 back? But it was impossible for me to disobey, and then — only for a day. We would be in time, after all. ' ' ' For a day ! Katherine, she never stopped Until we were in Cornwall. She had an uncle, a rector, there ; he and his wife lived in a lonely old grey house on the sea coast. It was late at night when the rumbling 'stage-coach r brought jis'to the door, and I was worn|out with fatigue. I asked fdr-som gave it to me, graciously, with . her own; hand, a smile on her lips, arid a/sleeping, potion in the cup. 'The"nbbn;:sunshine £6f the next day; filled my room when I awoke. I was- still lying back in my chair, dressed. I: had not beerii to--bed. 0 My'head ached;; my eyes felthutand heavy — I was unused to opium in any shape then, and its effects sickened me. I struggled wearily; with memory. With a sharp pang I % recollected it was' the day-1 wee'ding-day, and I was here, alone,. and he was — where ? , ; v > ' And she had done 'if 'ail. The first glow of that fire ; of quenchless; hate thub lias burned ever since kindled in my heart then. While I slept she was far1 on her way back to town, 1 and I was left behind, without a penny in my pocket, a prisoner in this stupid Cornish rectory. > .-? 5 / ' Two "months passed away— two mouths. A short time enough, -as: I seckon time now — an eternity then- My order of release came at the end of that time. Old Markham, the butler,' was sent for me, and 1 was taken back .to town. I asked just- one. question on the road : ' Where was young Mr. -?' : and 1 got il. a . 1 looked for, """''Mr.-- $ind joined the — th Rifles, and gone out o Canada a fortnight before. I There, Katherine, that is my story ; hat is the secret of my hatred of yout j inolhcr. Don't you think sho. deserved- it?' ! ' Erom you — yes,' Katherine answered, promptly. 'At the same time, I tnink she did exactly right. Slic knew what you were, doubtless, and took the only means of saving her brother. Gentlemen rind officers don't as a rule, marry their 'sisters, waiting-maids.' Mrs. Vavasor sprang to her feet. That 'random arrow sped home, j ' It is false !' she gasped. ' I was no jwaiting-maid. Yoqknow nothing' i ' It is true !' exclaimed Katherine, also 'rising. > \Y011 wece a waiting-maid, aq.d II know nli I desire to know at present. My mother was a lady; her brother iwas an officer in the— th Rifles. My ifather lives, and will recognize his old servant when lie sees her, Harriet Lela- cheur.' '- Mrs. Vavasor stood white, terrified> ;dunib.:Gobd heavens, what a fool she had -been to speak at all to such a girl as this. ' You ?see I know your real name among all your aliases. As I have found out that, so I shall find out all the rest. As surely as . wc both live ami stand herj I shall one day discover my. . father and punish you. Now, good 'night, Mrs. Vavasor. We understand each other, I think.' She opened the door, looked back once, 'daikly, menacingly, then it closed after her, and she was- gone, i Ninon sat up for her mistress. It was rilose upon midnight when that mistress reached Scarswood. But she felt no fatigue— same inward spirit, whether I for good or evil, sustained her. As she j parted with the girl, she had some sov ereigns in her hand. | ''You have been a good girl, Ninon,' I'she said kindly, 'to a very capricious I mistress. Thank you for all your patience and goodfnight.' She .vent to her room, but not tc sleep. It was disordered — she set it to rights. Her jewels — all — lay in their velvet and ivory caskets, her rich dresses hung in the wardrobe and closets, her bridal dress among them.1 She took a small portman teau, oacked a few articles of dress and linen, afew of her most cherished presents, one or two books and souvenirs, closed, and locked it. Then, still dressed as she was, she sat down by the window and waited for the dawn. It came, rosy and golden, and touched the eastern windows into flame. Then she arose, and taking the portmanteau in her hand, went softly out down the stairs and along to that door in the turret by which she had gone out and come in lasr, night. She closed it noiselessly — the household were not yet astir — and walked rapidly down the crisp, frozen avenue to the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown boles of the trees, gild ed the many windows and turrets and tall chimneys of the old Hall, making a wonderfully bright and fair picture ofearly morning beauty, had she but turned to see. But she never once looked back. CHAPTER XVII. POOR KATHERINE! .'And how is your patient to night, Mrs. Otis? Any change for the better?' It was Dr. Graves who asked the question, blustering in like the god of the wind. A high gale roared without, a few feathery flakes of snow floated past /the windows in the stormy twilight n the sitting-room of the Widow Otis' pretty cottage residence a bright . fire burned cheerily, the rcdj warm light streaming through the window-curtains far out upon the frost-bound road. ' Good evening Dr. Graves. I thought it. was Henry. Gome to the fire. Bitter ly cold, is it not, outside? My patient? Well, I dor.'t see much impx-ovement there ; but Henry says he improves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this fchair— do try. and thaw yourself a little.' . - . ...- ' - ' 1 Dr. Graves took the cushioned rock ing-chair, and spread himself out', luxuri ously, to the blaze. i -.'Where is "Henry? I wanted to see him.' t j Oh, among his poor patients' some where ; he will be home to tea presently. Any news to-night, doctor? I mean' | ' You mean' the Scarswood tragedy, of course, ma'am. Nobody in Sussex, I be- \- lieve, talks of anything else lattei-ly. No, no news ; an tl no news in this case does ; hot rriean good news. The funeral is ovei i as you. know, and there is no will, and everythirig falls to, that pitiful pettifogging : screw of/an attorney Peter Dangerfield— i every thing/Mr's." Otis— everything.' ; Just then Mrs. Otis started. She heard 5 the outer hall door opened, a .quick foot ' step crosseidithe passage; the sitting-room i 'door -was flung wide, arid Henry Otis, booted and spurred, stood pale as a ghost before his mother rind Dr. Graves.; ' Henry!' the word was a. lew, fright ened cry, but Henry Otis' eyes turned from her to the doctor, j 'Is she not here? I was sure I should find het here.' ! ' Find whom here ? What do you mean, young gentleman ?" / ' I mean Miss.iDangerfield. What ! don't you know ? She ran away, either last night ori'this morning, from Scarswood and no tale or tidings of her areto be found. I thought she might |have come hero tc — to see him. Henry Otis'crossed abruptly to the fire and stood stai-ing into it with a greatly disturbed face. V Run/affhy!' the widow and the doctor both exclaiiried. Yes — run away— to her- death, most likely . / (To be continued.) 