ME EASTER MOST. It was a most blossomful Faster morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as tbo?e that lured Fereephoneto tho under world shook their liny golden coblets in the 6ut(ghine. Chinese magnoUnR, with their smooth, lavouvJcr-colured Rides, held draughts off sweetness for the brccxcB to sip. Yellow jessamine dnugiod a thousand golden bells from pillar or tall cedar. Cecil Lee Vert felt a delicious thrill of joy at the fuUnee of spring and suuriiine. He had failed ptrcnuously ell Lent, but ull the austerities practiced by the youujr rector of 8t, Laxirus could not keep down the buoraut phybirial strength of him. Hut hU aieeti"ism helped to build upon Liu. a -on I of such power thut it scorned to osic .-ul another of his congregation that he but thought uf & needed reform ia his world, and, lo, it w&s; aODompiished. On all the electric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay baud for good. But there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere uear an accomplishment ; the Giinshonschold could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for dtcoration, bur. they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to the town, having come to iivc in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming people: Mabelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed walking toward tier h omc iu the twilight last evening. Maeoelle beld a handful of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just us magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he de termined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia-hall grounds before early service?. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal iiue bloom, lie saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half heat- were these : 44 Don't you think, Maobelle, that wc might have that nice young fellow, Lee Yert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr " 44 And why, pray interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, 44 why are we to have any minister ?" 44 Why, Maebelle, did you ever sec a wedding without & minister 14 1 have read of beiug married by n pro bate judge, or something like that." " But people in oar position ! The news mongers, in print and out, wouldn't want a better morsel !" 44 You have taught me all this," declared Maobelle; <4&ndyou; wish me uow, beoause custom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honor." 44 You go too far," urged Tom. Tom was ouly enough of ao agnostic to be coinform- able to his clique ; it bad never occurred to him to cut short his pew rent or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was bo deep and sincere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bou-mots and t-auve little sneerings that made up pretty much of his Stock-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism . Maebelle had proved too apt a pupil. 41 But here is Lee Vert"' exclaimed Eskew. 41 I'll ask him if I am not right." 44 Miss Maebelle is right," declared Lee Vert. 44 1 partly guess, I partly heard, tie matter of discussion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend." Tom Edkow looked frowningly out over the lake with its glistening ripple and its islands of lily-pads. 44 Why can" you not enliBt with us ?" asked Lee Vert ; all this coldness in the midst of generous warmth and beanty of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against hie wanu zeal, was well-nigh insupportable to him. 44 1 cannot believe so forcibly as one must to be with you, in the elements of the on- seen," said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than be could have believed possible ; he stooped aud plucked one of the white hyacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opeuod scroll with its woeful ai ai ! written on the blithe spring- tide. 44 1 fiud it iiard to believe," said Lee Vert after a pause, appropoa of nothiug, as he reached for a spray of Jessamine. ' that these beautiiul and fragrant. blosEome hold a deadly poison within." 44 Unseen but potent," murmured Tom. 14 Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Lee Vert," laughed Maebelle : and as to yon, Tom, you will soon bo ready to believe in our ghost ?" 44 Yes," continued Maebelle, lightly, 44 since we have moved to thie house every member of the family, myself excepted, have either Been a sight or felt — a— something — which was worse." 4 4 What have they seen?" a-ked Tom eagetly. 44 Oh, the usual thing," laughed Maebelle ; 44 all white, quite comxne il fait." 44 Who saw it ?' Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. 41 Dignify our ghost with a personal pro noun, if you please 1" 44 Who saw her.''' 44 Ah, you think her &l; once a woman. You are tight. But I will begin the story at the beginninc," suggested Maebelle, her bright, pleasant face atalike enough a weird 6tory. 4 It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cotvardioe, came home late from a Univer sity clae supper a few weeks after our r.rrival ; it was about tfais time of the year. The house was all io darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he bad left ou the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. In the first surge cf fright he braced himsolf for the defensive, hut in an instant ho felt ashamed cf his sense muscles — yet a greater terror swept over hiu. Every separate hair stood on his head. He felt some pervading presence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in hi fright be managed to strike a match. No one was to be seen." 44 Did he see nothing r" Tom's eyes wero very eager. 44 Nothing,' smiled Maebelle : 44 but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret's story, l'ournighte ago baby Garland was iu such a tantrum as the sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and cousin Margaret, hearing his crying aud having a marvellous power with babies, started down the stairs to come to him. 41 Half-way down stairs I heard her call very excitedly to me, 4 Maebelle ! Maebelle ! How could you frighten me so !' I heard ber say. And as pale as one of theee hyacinths she rushed into mother's room. 4 Why, M&cbclle;! you in here!' she exclaimed. 44 4 Of course I am,' I said ; I have been in here worrying with baby this hour and more. 14 4 1 saw you,' she declared, ae distinctly an I see you now. Not your face ; that was bidden. But your figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the mueio-room door, as if you were just about to step into the hall.' 44 You beckoned to me eo anxiously, so strangely 44 Little Archie, who has never known a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room aud hall. No one was to be seen. 14 Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom docs now," laughed the fair narrator 44 and 6he told us that two nights beiore that she had seen a white band reaching from be hind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinking it me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tall parson, she hurried into the drawing-room, and, though in the twilight she could see every object iu the room dis tinctly, she could discover no one. "AuntLootie threw up her black hands ana lamented aloud, 4 Our ghost would never leave this bouse !' Ehe oried. 44 Now," it is truth," continued this unbe- lieving teller of ghost tales, 44 that we could not get servants to stay with ub when we came here, only old Loolic end Wash, who would leave us for nothing. They said they heard str&uge; noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange figures even at noon. A strange suushine ghost ours is, Tom," she said, laughing at his eager face: "it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had a small addition made to the old house, and then the servants were ready euoucrh to hire to us ; they said now plunks would drive oil' the spirits. But even new plank hae failed to rid us of our haunting woman with the beckoning baud." 44 Now 1 shall tell what I myself saw," de clared Tom, 44 the second time I came here to visit this house. It was 2 o'clock at morn ing yourcraembcr. when my train brought me here from L'kaltuiiooga. I expected only Joe to be up to receive ine, of course, Lho hour being so unearthly. What was ray amazement as we drove up the avenue of ma-jnohaB, to s« e a tail young woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all tho house. I wondered you should be up and alone at such an hour. I had the hackman stop aud put me out half way up the avenue. This be was glad to do, for his horses were lifting their heads and snorting with suppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the figure to be you, I said no word of it to him. of course, i walked up tho avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indescribable grief - stricken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. 44 But as I came nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down the lofty flight of steps, out into the garden. But that 1 did not see the face 1 could have sworn it was you. "As I was about to turn to follow it 1 heard Joe's cherry Hello,' and he flung wide the bull door. 1 All well?' 1 asked. 41 4 Sound as a top,' lie said. 44 4 Where are, where is Maebelle?' I asked. 44 4 In bod.' Raid he. 41 Somehow 1 couldn't ay a word about the figure." The ycunt: minister pulled to pieces a japonica wide opened, and tniuglcd white and red, like the ri:h mingling in »i lover's heart of white despair at the truth of such happi ness and regal hope of dcsire'fi perfect fulfil ment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Kskew should con over so credulously such impossible storioe. 44 Of course wc have a raion d'etre for our ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. 44 Aunt Lootie aaye her grandmother — who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Auut Lootie herself was in the old days — told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh aud to ecoli' at SDythimr. In the height of her youth and beauty (die was thrown from a horse and received an injury which 6he uever recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring ehe would, ir possible, return to warn all Sneerers to beware of misbelief of their betters." 41 It is a pad story," said Lee Vert. 44 If it is true," said Maebelle; 41 but she has not, you see, kept her word as far as I am concerned." 41 She may yet," scntentiously from Tom. 44 "What has come over you, Tom?" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. 44 If she does or does not appear to you, it should make uo difference iu your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle," eaid Lee Verr, rising as his church bells rang out cheerily. 44 if I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will marry us, will yuu not ?" asked Tom. 44 No," answered Lee Vert : 44 1 cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to thoe who despise it and my holy office." Tom flushed hotly, but Maobelle reached out her strong young band to grasp Lee Vert's. 44 Yon are right," she said . "and be assured I will never let Tom ask you unless I become as you are." All the liefb of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter aud richer, but Maebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a new discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism thau that- school was like to give to him. He saw that he could uever make Maebelle accord auy show of deference to chat creat and important society, tho Church, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how new- school we grow. The uncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a service, and a mooument beariug thereou .some text of Plato. He couldn't imagine a houseful of children with no one to hear them eay their prayers. It was a roost excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters lor young pieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one's . manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young minister, firm, immovable in hi« convictions, I mistaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day became a very heaviness of rich gold. Sud denly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessa mine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reucbea of the bowery 1& wu . The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in an ccstacy of despair. Maebelle saw, or thought she saw, what no other huraau being had seen , the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet eacb variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever- changing anguish. It was a horror of fair- ! ness, of delicacy. As tho form, light, graceful, beautiful, yet a very inspiration of horror, drifted, almost, it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from he garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. A moment! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sauk Into her lover's arms. It was long months before Maebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated ber. In the long night watches, checkered with days of suffering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of any gbost, or wraith, or spell of springtime could teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, bumbled of his axrogн, yet txianiphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people ( were never explained. Whether it was re flection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from wind blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake's long ripples and ot the toss of milky fountains, or whether the young minister (sor rowing in the midst of his lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrauces ot ihe flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the mind he thought of, the figments of his osvu fancy : or whether the coming fever of the brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners; none could say. The next year the old town experienced a "boom," as many other old Southern towns have. The lawn about the Gains' house was cut by opening up of new streets, the lake was drained off, lots were seld off Macuoha Grove at gilt-edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnolias, the Chinese magnolia?, the yellow jessamine, and the moBt of the japonicas vanished before tho rush of pro- gress and rows of tenement houses. — M. Young, in 44 N. Y. Home Journal.' Mrs W. W. Astor lias the finest col lection of rings in Great Britain. Several belonged to the ex-Empress Eugenie. One is a marvellous snake ring, which is so cunningly constructed that it scorns to be alive. 