Our Marburg Letter. -:o: (FRoM OO OWN COBBaSPONDENT.) TOE tOULtOnAX The holiday was wellobserved inthialooality, ahbudanoe of reor?eation being provided for all our pleanure.seekers. Great interest was centred in the oricket match organised by the local crichettag fratereity, the report of which has already been contributed to yoor oolomes. Acother important item in the oelrbration of Easter Monday was the annual tee meeting in connection with the Luthberan Ohurech. whob, es a rlate. is a very socoeseful affair.. The con. f, crionery part of the programme was entrasted to the capable bands of Mrs. Klüpfel and her staff of sasesets, whilst among the ladies who were qoite ontiring in their ef.trts in dise pensing the various eppetising edibles I may enomerate the Misses Seoblmming, K tplel, Lotz, grease, Tooec, and Rink. Provssion was made for two rpetsre, whbich w re partaken of at noon and evening. Sacred slongs were song at intervals during the day by the con* gregation, and at other times varione games wh co are eosatomay on ench nooasions were indulged in by the yoang people with vigoar, A MOsAP TJ A HO& E. I am informed that a horse owned by Mr. T. L. Smith, of Woodlands, broke into the pro. perty of a resident in that lciotlty. The person. in doing his atmost to tara the animal from the fie'd, threw at it, it isesid, a mdssile, with the resaln that it etreook the horse's fore leg and broke it, thus meoesaitatlrg the de strsetion of the animal, which was one of the best draught borres Mr. Smith owned. ItPBrrOTION OF STATE0 BOcOL. Mr. A. S. Kennedy made an inspeotloo of the State school during the early portion of this week, At last yeatr's Ilepeation this school received a very areditable report, and a similar result is anticipated this yesr. lt A?CCIDOOT. Whilst Mr. nd r O. J. Hoat, of the local State school, were enjying their Easter? tide holiday at Sanadgate., an o6ideat befel their son Charis, who, whilst playing, came io oollision wsth some obstaole whereby he sse. Sained a severe injury to his leg near the thigh, At fires it was thuaght that the leg wai broken, but fortunately seoh was not the cate, yet the nlojorywas serloas enough to require him to he destained there for treatment. He is still in Sandgate with Mrs. Hunt. tBnon DAT, The celebrati? of a rbor Day at the State eohool i not to be held this year on the day required by the regulations, bot has, I understand, been postponed t-l after the winter month,, ra seooount of the trees when set before winter not thriv' leg so well ao when planted in the beginning of eummer. The trees planted during reoeel years have not made e.o0gb headway for the time they have been is the gronud, hnee theb change. Durilng the past aweek or two we have been visited by two small cironses, there being an luterval of buot a week tecsween the two per. formanceo. On Saturday night week StL Leono's Cirons played here osgpodly orowd, they having their ae it'. lohooe l in the local reserve. The enterstai me ' si e up to the uoseul eaeddrd, the well-trained Mand perform lug her reriols olever feats in a manner that deligbhted the andlence. The doskey-riding wans also on the programme, bhut after only one mount the donkey was turned oute, and, although mane of our looal "-Jaokeys" signi-. -ed their Inteotion of having a ride, ohey were obliged to retaip heir seat,. Another clros (Zale') perforted here on Saturday evenaing to fair house. Althoug only a comparatively •malllroope they were aooorded a fair share of applause at the cnolousion of eacb item. The play conlhsted mainly of maglcal trick., trapesutdog, performing doge, and monkeys, Au., ooneludieg with a nigger farce entitled "The Mdonlghn Ghost." -April 2L 