"GLADYS." A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. \- :o:--- BY Si. I. B. PART I. A lovely morning in spring, when you seem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmnth in your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises to your lips, for the fact of hlife, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping grad ually to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom an old-fashioned garden-where tihe Lent lilies bont their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at com mand, and shlowing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufliciently blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of cUrpassiog graceand beauty; one glance at thie pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been 'the beauty,"par ezoellence, of the last three seasons. 'mere was, however, a tinge of melan choly in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a' beauty, she was not entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone dictated, and gradually filling the basket she carried in her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. The two were much alike, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi dently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin. was the owner of "the pretty cottage, where also dwelt her aunt' and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two girls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but.ihe con "versation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain long in one place, and gathering flowers afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual .motion. Now, however, she came and .'settled herself on the grass at her cousin'sl feet, and with a little sigh of content 'began to anange her spoils. Beatrice continued the conversation as if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just becamuse you happen to be engaged to the best fellow in the world the best 'catch' of the season-a hand some man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with yon, little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted princess in a moated castle. lHehas qnly one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying that he is frightflly, unreasonably jealous." . , "It'sthe only thing that prevents our love story being as common-place as a cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, " but 1 am always hoping that something may tarn up to arouse his jealausy,'Put you know,' confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh, "I'm so dreadfully in ::-ve with him, that I donifthink it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never * ive him even the slightest cause-" -" Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin; "but I trnut you will never find this out, Gladys." SI don t mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the "nterruption, and holding up a bunch of creamy roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening 'them in her brooch in a kind of paren thesis, "or that Claude is not the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me; but I am -ure, Trixy," cosrincly lookira no into the elder girl's face otry to et Ler to agree, "it wouldn have been much wiser and much more romantic if he had hap. pened to te an artist,and wern a velveteen coat, and-" "Xe'," laughingly, "ye', my deer cor, much more romantic, hut not one-half o convenient. It was because my lover, Deneil de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt &thesime; forced me to reject him. Don't mr thik, Gledys my dear," speiking a.ry tenderly, "that the most romantis surroundings can ever reconcile you to symgn ' good-bye' to one whom you truly love. I shallnever forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I oould then de happiy." " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kisg her affectionately, " don't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of something happy and bright, likethesun. bshine," gathering all the flowers intoabig ;bunch. "Olaude said he'd be downabout twelve, and take us both up thi river fish ing. Yen, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky ;girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shell ever want one of my own; but, still, you must allow that poverty-mind, poverty without rag, I distinctly object to rags-poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. "My dear Qladye, I trust you will always have them; you were made forthe sunshine. I cman't imagine you withagreat sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite re spectably without either. This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth be. ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill witlteers, she drew her cousin enderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared .for, who is in every way worthy of yon you musn'tmindme, dear. You willander stand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. am going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear " "Yes, or sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." "That wouldn't be at all romantio, would it, Glady's I" "No," with a merry laugh, "not at all; and I don't think OClaude would like a !blackamoor fora wife, dear Trixy," watch !ing the graceful figure till she daesappeared into the cottage. "Well, I don't wonder at men falling in lovn with Beatrice, I should myself; it's l?lte a delight to me to watch her ae, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. J'm quite proud toe e her cousin, and for people to pretend that they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do any thing in the world for her-only I'm awfully glad Olaude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, "if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if hle had been I poor1 I could have proved my devotion by- ..... ..... But the rest of her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shlriek of pretended dismay, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left. Her face looked very rosy as she hasaudy released herself and stooped to pick up the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic tones, "Oh, Claude, how you frightened me I " " Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what a cluasey brute I must be. iBut there, never mind those flowers, Ladybird, I'll take good care nobody else frightens you while l am bare." He took her in his arms and bestowed a deozen kisses on her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. His blue eves rested withdeeploveand admiration on lhe dainty figure he held in his arms." After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration, he seated himself on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew G1adya down by his side, possessing him self of one small hand. "And now tell me what you were talk ing about when I came." Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on herlips. "Talking I Was I talking ? What did I say9'" Well, [ only heard part of a sentence, it was this: 'I could have proven my de Potion by:--'" " Oh, with a nervous little laugh, "I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." "Private theatricals, indeed I Now look here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, "I wdn't have you talking about your de votion to any other fellow but me. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, " what is to become of me ? No, no, sweet heart, talk as much about devotion to me as you please, I am open to as many con fidences on that subjece as you like to make, so fire away, I'm ready." "Nonsense. Claude,"saidGladys,laugh ing in spite of herself, ' as if one could make love to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boota." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cal are the very mischief, and put non sense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibiticos I" "But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know-" "C harity be hanged I Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ex hibit yourselves to be stared atat so much a head, under theguise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for e living." "Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and yen know all the places are booked at double prioes toee the lovely Miss CaOsmeron, the beauty of the last three seasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to send for the ocesasion-" " All well and good, if Peatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at h:er with proud I-oesion written on every feature of his handsome, manly faoe. "And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new pioture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling; I I ean'tbear to see that dew on my rose," kiasing away the teamrs which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamondLs. "Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious oountry, all alone, hy our two salve;, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my Mdaing," in a low, tender voice. drawing her tolm,' " you can't think what pain it wold be to me to hearn my own little love disceassed at the clubs as I hear as many other fellows' sishters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. lads, to ?land that you had ever had a secret from'me. I know I should never forgive yeO , if I found you had deceived me-." He was. strangely agitated and spoke -trongly on so slight a cause, but Glady'a remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintanoe that Claude JMeredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tain lady, and how .he had only then re turned from his long sojourn abroad. Shu, too, was quite in earnest when she aen swered him. "'Deceive you, Claude-why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way -not a little bit." " Because I know you like having my way besat-now confess you de ?" "I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perrersely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. " Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Where's Beatrice 1" he lazily inquired,' after a alight loverlike pause. " Oh, Claude," she continued, in a sor rowful little voice, "sshe's just been tell ing me the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, what is sadder still, it is wverjbit true." '" Her own T? ' queried Clande, more in terested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, thasin ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ;that's the reasOn she has never married,and "-in an awestruck whier.per -"she never iiitends to be, because she can't forget D-" At thIis moment a lous ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his ley attitude, and heaved a big sigh. "What a nuisauce ! I forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down to day and go fishing with us-you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, but yes sue must eiel de trap, at any rate I know she is just one too many, so I thought I would get a •ellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duetas-don't you think it is a good idea, pet ' 'Oh, capitat i! Only as ho good; Boatriose will never lore again. ' Well, at any rate, Denzil will enter ta, her ; he's the best fello: in the world -only came back from India last week. I.ran up against him in Bond-street last pight; we were delighted to meet again- we used to be the greaceat chums in the world, Denzil and 1." "Denzill Whar a p.etty unme , it sounds. strangely lamiliar," murmured Gladye. "What's h.e other name 1" "De Lisle--l)enzil de L;slo. Why, Gladys, what is tile matter I' for Gla:dys had sprang to her fooeet aq if by an electric sahock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager. at her tall lover. "What namne ? Say it again, Claude," rlutchling at his arm as he vwao turnin" aside. " Denzil de Lisle. Do you know him ?" -this latter in quick, suspicious tones. "Why, how odd you look I' "Do I ?" laughing nervously. "No, I don't know him--I have heard the name I-nothing more." "I don't understand; what do you mean 1" laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. "Nothing." disengaging herself, "let me go ; I will be bahk directly. I muset tell Beatrico ;" with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, shae fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking afterherin angry amazement. He made a step to follow iler, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fuseeo, sand tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. The fllowling soen tences broke from him betwaeen the puffs of his cigar: "I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow I repeat, if I were jalous," this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pebble into the river, "I should swear this was some old lover of hers; but it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my little white dove, could so do ceire me." Heror he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. "No, I don't believe it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-ah, here comes the fellow himtself; I'll tackle him ;" going to meet him. " He's d uced good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow," as the two men met and cordially shook hands, "you've found us out. The girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it 1" "Yes, grand; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite; the sun's too bright." "Oh,the fish are only an excuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you needn't shake yourhead and try to look solemn; wait till you've seen her. I'm sure 1Mre. Coo way-" "Conway I" interrupted thIe other man quickly. "Did yousnay Conwayv ?" Olaude's face grew somewhat shadowed, as he answered, " Yes. Do you know her ?" "I knew Mrs. Conway once-a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" " Oh, yes ;" eagerly. "Cladys 5, "That name-it must be the same." He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, "Do you know Ihave searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt.!' "She wee-didn't you know that sheis dead But, tell me, old fellow, whatdo you know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? When?" "She is the only woman I ever loved." rejoined the other. "I love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me soandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I fellowed her like herown shadow; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled-" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway " "BSure. Do I know myown faceinthe lass? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea tore, and line for line, as fair as it was felse. She fooled me to the too of my bent, and I was mad enough to thmk soe loved me, when in the apring sunshineshe pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lipsulone ; and now you tell me that she is hlere, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seesng her so soon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt she could never have been so cruel, ao false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some-" " Yes, as you say, there had been some S:stake, but you must excuse me-so sorry -just recollect a mnost important engage ment-you will wait here and see liher. Gladys, Miss Conway--give that to her, I must be off'at once. During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the leaf; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. "Are you ill, old man? You look as if you had seen a ghost." "No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from the trees ;" with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Good by." And with quick, decided steps, he was gone. "Really, that is too go d of him, to make himself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the oilher da.y, that I was to be introduced thi. morniig to the Luture Mrs. Meredith, but Isuppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm aefilly ollged to himn, anyhow, to givre me a chance of see ing her like this. I wish aiee would come, and yet, I dread to thilii of it, if I .hiuld be mistaken again. Ah, ly dlarling, I did not know how e'ttir.ly I loved you till the thought of eeeing you again hiasso unnerved nme ; but I stllll, not uwiet ier with a gloomiy f:ce. Ah, here ashe comues i" And the strong ,man acroolly trembhled with suppressed excitr.omot, ibut the liiht footsteps he had hearui woto tIly tilelas, who felt slightly diecttr:raed tt linld a strangerthere, and no si.o ,f Cl(u.le a?lat ever. She advanced, how'sver, inli her pretty fluttering way. and hld out a tiny hand, which Mhtjr dI Lisle toick and cordiallypreosed,f,,r oho,,Iih this was not the rose, douhtl~e~s she hl?l beeu near her. "Major de Lisle, I presimer?" 'aid s;ladys, in her bright you.eg s,,i.e, ul as I site spoke, she could irL leip, thioking what a goodlymanthlisloverf i ee mrIeLn' He was tall and sli"!l!, othI a well Sproportioned .csd well-bulL freee, which ',tked remarcab!y endluri:t. I'I. focewas tl.itofaman wlho;ld :,o .. s I. ~ol l'ered; cicar olive skill, sid wi:s...* d urk brown hair.undlheavy,dronpingmusntache, lindly; deep brown eyes. that womon, little chil dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is miy name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as hlie has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left thiS note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly as tonished, butheld outher for hand thelet ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. "Claude gone-without saying good-by. How strange I You don't know me, Major de Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the second." Ho started perceptibly. " The Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, "I did not mean to alarm you. You will see my cousin almost immediately, but under an other name. Oh, how stupid lam! No, she is not mnrried, but hIas changed her namne to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, wholefther a large fortune on that condition. Strange to 'ray, she tbld me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do notktiow your history, but I am quite sure," with a charmning smile, "that one whom Gladys loved must be worth loving." "Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?" he pleaded. "As free as air- or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never marry-that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry unless you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin-for Gladys' sake-I ask you. straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestlyinto her ten der ones. "Why, I could do no other, when she herself srote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget her, as he was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account of his wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regi ment, reply to such an appeal? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to be so held? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's dis interestedness. I left London that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me ofmysccession to wealth and estates of which till that moment Ihad never dreamed." "But she-Gladys--never wrote that letter you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennor. You knowahe was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determtned she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Bankeide didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever. since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her off, then and there, back to m, to the old house in Oornwaf, where we had lived all our lives, and onstinued to do so till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, oand left his goL daughter, Gladys Oonway-your ldys, you know-ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrahire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother-Beatrice--asnd add thereto his own patronymic of Oameron; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails; 'cut now-are you not dying to see her? Confessnow,"added thelight-hearted girl. "Yes, indeed I am; and can I see her -now-at once 1 "Yes you shan't be kept wailing long, I will go at once and find Beatrice and send her to you, Will you come into the house, or see Beatrice here ?" "Here, if she will come." "I am sure she will ; so, once more, oil desperandum," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him-the one voice in all the world to him. "Gladys told me- Oh, Denzil I at last." The latter portion of tif sentence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the love and longing of year seemed to find expression, and she lay quite still, with the teaFs coursing down her face. In vain he tried to kiess them away; but she said to let her weep, it did her good. The paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrice smiled up into her lover's face. "Now tell me," she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her two little white ones. "Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me? When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, I I?ave wanted you so much." " My darling I and I you-all the time. When I received that note from you-" "Note! what notel I never wrotetoyou before you wentawayDenzil. Why should I I we saw each other every day. "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it." "I never wrote it, Denzil-never," she interrupted. "But how was I to know that 1 I had never seen your hand writing even." "Oh, Denzil I And after I told you how I loved you !" "Alh, dearest love, I was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love with out jealousy, and did I not know everyone would envy me my pearl, my flower? When I received that cruel note from you -as I then thought-Il was stunned, oroken-hearted, und wentto Indiaat once, and have been there till sixr weeks ago whlen 1 was invmlided home." 0 B COccIu?ED. At a scientific conference in France somie interestintr experiments were made on hysterice, patients with drues which were not acte.lly elministered, but were placed at the back nf the patient's head and were ursed without their knowledge. Under these circtmstances opium produced sleep, alcohol caused drunkenness,and absinthe brought on paralysis of the legs. In women, camphor pave rise to religious ecstacy, and in men. conuolsions. Many drugs were employed and all gave their characteristic efiects, though they were all contained in phials orwrpp in paper 