THE NATURLIST Blind Cave Animals. The other day a labourer, while dig- ging a well in Orange County, U.S.A., at a depth of about 30ft. below the sur- face, struck a subterranean rivulet, and with the water were brought up to the daylight several blind and colourless crayfish, which proved to belong to an unknown type. True cave-animals- that is, those which are blind and more or less completely colourless and spend their whole time in utter darkness -must be sharply distinguished from creatures like bats and owls, which take advan- tage of such situations as a temporary shelter, from which they issue forth at night to the outer world. And as most of these are more or less closely allied to animals which enjoy the full light of day, one of the first things that strikes one is why they have given up the joys of an ordinary existence to pass what appears to us to be a miserable life in total darkness. Whatever be the true explanation of this, it is of course easy to understand why they should have lost their eyes, and also the colouration characteristic of their outer-world relatives. Caves or subterranean channels con- taining the typical blind fauna are met with in many parts, apparently invari- ably in limestone rocks, and mostly in those belonging to the Carboniferous epoch; the latter, from their massive- ness, being especially adapted for the formation of such chambers by the action of water. Needless to say, the forma- tion of a cavern of any size in solid lime- stone rock is a process involving an enormous length of time for its accom- plishment, and it is therefore essential that the rock should be of very consider- able geological age. Indeed, it is be- lieved that the formation of the cele- brated Mammoth Cave was commenced at a comparatively early date in the Secondary era; although it was not com- pleted till the Pleistocene. The reader must not, however, be led to suppose that cave-animals belong to an older epoch than those of the outside world, as it is probable that many of them have not taken to their present mode of exist- ence since the later Pliocene or early Pleistocene period. Caves of sufficient dimensions to have developed a special fauna of their own are met with in so many parts of the world that it would be tedious to give a list even of those which are most generally known. Among those that have attained the widest degree of celebrity is the Mam- moth Cave, situated in a hill of limestone in Edmonston County, a little to the south-west of the centre of Kentucky. This enormous cave is adorned with the most beautiful stalactitic and other de- posits; which, when lit by the mag- nesium or electric light, form an enchant- ing sight. Another well-known Ameri- can example is the Wyandotte Cave, traversing the Carboniferous limestone of Crawford County, in South-western Indiana. Of this cave Professor Cope wrote in 1872 that he was not aware whether its length had ever been accu- rately determined, but the proprietors say that they have explored its galleries for twenty-two, miles, and it is probable that its extent is equal to that of the Mammoth Cave. Numerous galleries which diverge from its known courses in all directions have been left unexplored. The fact that the blind cave-fish appears to occur in all the subterranean waters flowing through the great Carboniferous limestone region of the central districts of the United States suggests that the Mammoth and the Wyandotte caves are in communication. Almost equally cele- brated are certain caves in the island of Cuba, which are also traversed by sub- terranean streams. In Europe, perhaps the most interesting cave is that of Adelsburg, in Carniola, as being, together with certain other caves in Carinthia and Dalmatia, the sole habitat of that strange creature, the olm, or proteus, so graphic- ally described many years ago by Sir Humphry Davy. Although the Carin- thian and Dalmatian forms of this crea- ture differ slightly from the Carnloian type, there can be little doubt that the subterranean waters of all the three countries are, or were at a comparatively recent date, in free communication. Several caves with the blind fauna are met with in Western Europe, some of the most notable being those in various parts of the south of France; but the only one in the British Islands is Mitchelstown Cave, near Permoy, in Ireland, which is excavated in the Carboniferous lime- stone. The animal of the highest zoological position occurring among the true cave fauna is the aforesaid olm, which is the sole representative of the genus Proteus, and is allied to the ordinary salamanders and newts. The olm in a somewhat eel- like creature, measuring about eleven inches in length, and with a uniformly flesh-colourpd skin, save that the branch- ing external gills are brilliant scarlet. The limbs are very short and weak, the front pair being provided with three and the binder with two toes and the eyes are completely hidden. Now it is a most remarkable fact that the only other sala- mander referred to the same family (Proteidae) as the olm is a single North American species with well-developed eyes, four toes to each foot, and a dark brown skin, which constitutes the genus Neoturus: and from this it may be in- ferred that the ancestral type of the two genera formerly inhabited the northern hemisphere. and that while its Trans- atlantic descendant has preserved the primitive number of toes and adhered to an ordinary mode of life, the European species has become more specialised in regard to its limbs, and has taken to a completely subterranean existence. According to Sir Humphry Davy, the olm only makes its appearance in the Adelsberg grotto when the waters rise to an unusual height, remaining at other periods in the streams flowing beneath its floor. The only other vertebrate animals be- longing to the true cave- fauna are fish of several species. By far the most celebrated among these is the well-known blind-fish (Amblyopsis spelaea), which has been taken in both the Mammoth and the Wyandotte caves, as well as in the in- tervening subterranean waters. This fish is the typical representative of a small family allied to the cyprinodonts, which are themselves relatives of the carps. It is quite destitute of external eyes, and its body is completely colourless; but its sense of hearing is extraordinarily developed. In the typical form this fish has a small pair of pelvic fins, but in some examples (which have been referred to a distinct genus under the name of Typhlichthys) these are wanting. The maximum length is five inches. Professor Cope writes that if these fish be not alarmed, they come to the surface to feed, and swim in full sight like white aquatic ghosts. They are then easily taken by the hand or net if perfect silence is ob- served, for they are unconscious of the presence of an enemy except through the medium of hearing. This sense is, however, evidently very acute, for at any noise they turn suddenly downward, and hide beneath stones, &c;, at the bot- tom. They must take much of their food near the surface, as the life of the depths is apparently very sparse. The only other genus in the family is known as Chologaster, differing from the last in the retention of small external eyes, and likewise in the skin being coloured. Pelvic fins are absent, and the front of the head is provided with two horn-like appendages. These small fish were first known from three examples taken in the ditches of the South Carolina rice fields; but another specimen was caught in a well in Lebanon County, Tennessee, in the year 1854. They appear to have taken to a partially subterranean life comparatively recently, and therefore retain their eyes and dark colouration. Although these cave-fish are clearly allies to the cyprinodonts, there is no evidence to show that they are directly descended from any member of that family. Such a descent is, however, indicated by a very remarkable family of fishes known as the Ophidiidae, which are near relatives of the cod tribe. With the single exception of the cave- fish of the caves of Cuba (Lucifugra dentata), all the members of the family are marine forms, some in- habiting shallow water, while others are found only at great depths. Now the Cuban blind fish, in which the eyes are either totally wanting or rudiment ary, is a very close ally of a marine form named Brotula, in which the eyes are fully developed, and has evidently been specially modified from the former for a subterranean existence. The bar- bels, which are present in the marine fish, are replaced in the cave-form by minute tubercles. This, however, is not the only point connected with this curious family, as there art two spe- cies, belonging to as many genera (Typh- lonus and Aphyonus), found at great depths in the Southern oceans, which are also completely blind, and apparently have no phosphorescent organs. And it would appear from these examples that the fish of this family have some special disposition towards a life of darkness. The only other fish that can be said to belong to the cave-fauna is a member of the great fresh-water family of cat fishes (Siluridae), and has been named by Professor Cope Gronlas nigrilabris. This fish which attains a length of about ten inches, is closely allied to an ordinary fresh-water American form, and occurs in the Conestoga River in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where it is stated to be occasionally taken by the fishermen, and is believed to issue from a subterranean stream said to traverse the limestone of that district, and to discharge into the Conestoga River. Although blind, this fish has a rudimental eye and is therefore in process of modification for a completely subterranean life. To refer in detail to the invertebrate inhabitants of caves would far exceed our allotted limits, and only a few words can be said on this part of the subject. Among the most interesting are the blind crayfish. In the ordinary form of which (Cambarus) the eyes are rudimental in the adult, but larger in the young, thus affording conclusive evidence of their descent from forms fully endowed with vision. Professor Hone has, however, described one cray- flah from the Wyandolte cave in which the eyes are completely wanting. Among the insects, there is a totally blind beetle (Anophthalmus) belonging to the family of Carabldae, or tiger-beetles, from the American caves; while those of France and Ireland have yielded a blind and colourless spring-tail (Lipura). Wingless grasshoppers are abundant, but these, at least, generally can see. Centipedes and spiders are also common, one of the former from the Mammoth cave being totally blind, while others retain their eyes. In the European species of cave-spiders (Parr- homa) the eyes are excessively minute, and tend to become obsolete: but it is noteworthy that these creatures belong to a genus in which the eyes are small even in the open-air kinds. It is thus apparent that all cave-animals are de- scended from allied forms living in the outer world, and that in many cases they belong to families which appear specially adapted for modification to a subterranean existence.—R. Lydekker. In " Knowledge." It is proposed to make Berlin a sea port by connecting It by canals with the river Oder. The Te⪙ See, west of the city, would be the harbour. There are no engineering difficulties, and only two locks would be needed. The cost for a canal 70ft. broad at bottom and 25ft. deep would be about 200,000,000 marks, or One-third more than that of the Baltic-North Sea Canal. Fio. I.— Thi Blind Fish. Fto. 2.—Cuban Cavb Fish. 