?': :;::;';'rtjssia.!: ''...''!'-;?/?'.. ;;' '.'? \- : ;:AN IMPERIAL lGHOST; STORYi' ' It may not be. generally known, (says thej London Glojjk), that M'. Adolplie Badin, the historian, hus written an interesting work on St. 'Petersburg, inr the course pf-whichiie relates a e\irioU.3;^l'iiJsti^tj!ryi connected With the imperial 'Familyi which caused great sensation among the credulous; ;a f ew^ years \ ago and which stili'affords'food fprttfe,,gpsjip3.,,,,It_. took place ift the' Cliiirch of St, 'Isaac; which 'con- tainsi among, other :^elic3, a statue of; the. Holy v lrgm, covereu wicn precious jewels oner e,a up to her by the faithful. It appears that' not long after the death of Alexander II. a peasant was inter rupted in his prayers by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose beforehim.. It was lhat.of the assassinated Emperor, who wore the. same blood- stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death. ; The' spectre .walked slowly tothe statue, kn.-lt down,, .prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant, although stricken with 'terror, was able to follow the movements- of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dreaming.' Still trembling, he described his adventure to the verger of the church, wTi n cVivn rrrrnrl liio oVifMii/1 ore o n A cq i/1 .Via ivi ncf hflro been drunk at the time, and had taken his visions 'for'realities'l'^'TKe'~\?er^ event to .his , superiors, .who .naturally laughed at him. But oh the followingday the ghost reappeared. Again he advanced towards the statue and prayedj raising his hands towards Heaven. This time the vef get was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool^of liim. He did not, however, lose his head, and, though afraid to approach the phantom himself,, he Palled in some of his colleagues who,.:like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The; Caar seemed'to cast a sorrowful glance at ttiedr^anu theh: disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of this strange scene made their ' declaration to the' Grand Marshal of the Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen/ - ,: . : . On the next day the, same apparition occurred.! On this occasion the spectre, hot only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round tne church ?before vanishing. No' doubt could how be enter - 'taihed on the subject-^-th'e soiil of Alexander II.: ? was tormehtedj and.rie'eded more prayers' Arid tapers to release, him from pu'rgatory. The news' .'.'was borne to the Court, where, it is har.dly necessary to say, it created deep 'astonishment. ' At. ?first it did not encounter absolute incredulity! 'The', members of the Holy Synod were consulted, 'and they pro mised to inquire into; the matter. ''But'Alexander III. lost no time, in expressing ' his indignation that cre.den ce should be given to such a story, which was an insult tothe memory of his 'father. He sent for one of his detectivesj' in' whose skirt' arid fidelity he had the greatest confidence, and ordered him to clear up the mj-steryL The detective went tothe church, and.hiding him'gelf behind a pillar, waited for the result.' In due course, the .phantom ap peared once more, and as on previous occasions, directed his steps towards the statue. The- detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander II., and seemed t.n fefifvhim a-rain as' he was on the dav of his assassination, withrhis face bathed in blood arvd suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed lohsrer at the statue 'than? usual;; The detective, ?musterihg'up all his courage,1 glided softly towards 1 it, but it moved further a-way . Instinctively the de tective glanced at the statue,'- 'and' discovered that; many of the irtost valuable' jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened -his eyes,' and bedashed; after the phanto'ftr/. which turned out- .to.be some-', thing more substantial than a vision. The nex't second it was struggling ' to release itself from the ; detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief ' who, endowed with considerable 'imagination and 'audacity, had- conceived the idea of robbing the relics in the midst of the terror caused ? by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He was taken to prison, and eventually tried: and condemned in secret— at least so the legend runs. 