[?] FARMER MACK. Written for the Examiner and Tasmania^. Bt Adeline J. Whitfjsld. Author of 'My Lady,' .« Madge,' 'Rex/ . - ... , ? etc. . Ohaptes II.— The Giiost. — Continued. The lady smiled. She had not seen Farmer Mack jogging along on his old grey mare, but she guessed something of the steed to which he was accus tomed. ' You must let me drive over for you with my. ponies,' she said; ' but you must not think of returning the same day. I am sure Mrs Melrose . ni±j. opaio ;uu iw u, anvil VISIC It X aBK it as a personal favour.' She had taken a singular fancy to Farmer Mack, but it was not wholly that fact that caused her to pay him such flattering attention, rather it was the result of having witnessed certain contemptuous looks and smiles which' some of the other ladies had exchanged at the expense of the guileless old man. Now the hon. Mrs Fullard came of such good family, and was possessed of so much wealth and such good position, that she could afford in many, things to do as she pleased j and now piqued on behalf of Q-uida, for. whom she had formed a sincere regard, she determined to show those ladies who had loojced and smiled that what they affected to despise she would cherish. Since they had deigned to give Farmer Mack only a passing glance, she would be sufficiently ? unconventional as to invite him at this their first acquain tance to become her honoured guest. She glanced at -Q-uida for her. ready acquiescence. The latter crimsoned painfully, but replied — . '? 'Surely, if you are so kind as to ask him, Mrs Fullard.' ' You seeMa to be settlin' it between yer just as though X was a bag o' potaters, to be left till called for,' observed Farmer Mack genially; 1 But you will come, Mr Mack, won't you ?' asked the hon. Mrs Fullard in her winning way. 'I'm blest if I can say no to such a pretty woman, when I'm/ asked a simple thing like that,' said Farmer Mack, scratching his head. ' Fatherl' said G-uida in the old tone of warning. ' Bless me, there I am at it again l' exclaimed he perplexedly. ' Thought allwimmin liked to be called pretty, Serticularly when they are, and it oesn't take a second glance ? — ' 'Father !' interrupted Guida again. ? Yes, dear, yes. Putting my foot in it again,' he added sotto voce. 'It would take the dev — ? ; oh lor ! there I go again.' '?; But now the ladies with one accord, with the exception of the hon. Mrs Fullard, rose to take their leave, and. having shaken hands graciously with their host and hostess bowed stiffly to Farmer Mack and passed- out of the room. The latter looked after them with a half- pliined, half-puzzled ex pression on his round, florid face, and then he said half -aloud— - . 'Seem a bit stiff in the back. Guess they're girthed too tightly, and if they bent much would snap most like.' ? The hon. Mrs Fullard lingered for fully half-an-hour after the departure of the other ladies, talking brightly all the time. Then shej looked at her watch, and gave a little start. 'I'd no idea it was so late,' she said ; ' Eric will think I'm . down a well.' She sprang up and embraced G-uida, and then, with a pretty graces turned to the elder man and shook hands warmly. 'You will be sure to come,' she said. She did not know it, but there seemed to be an unseen influence urging her to make sure of this little visit of Farmer Mack's. This visit which, though seemingly of such slight import, was yet to have a most power ful effect upon her future. 1 Eh, Gui. but she's a fine, strapping lass,' observed Farmer Mack when the hon. Mrs Fullard had driven away, A - TAOT nfl.va n.Tr*Vn ol-k£fc itaortrma-na/l -rtr-i-t-lV her buggy and what Farmer Mack de clared to be a pair of the neatest things in ponies he had ever clapped eyes on. Bounding up the steps a picture of youth, health, and energy, she met the old man in the hall. ' You see I have come,' she laughed, | and now, if you are ready, we will just be back in time for lunch. In a short time they were driving away, and Farmer Mack was all ad miration to see the -manner in which thef hon. Mrs Fullard managed her spirited ponies. They were apparently a ?? perfectly modelled pair, brown in colour, with the prettiest of heads and the daintiest . of legs and feet. They kept up a fast trottup hill and down dale, and when they reached the top of a hill they danced there for a few moments in exuberance of spirits before pursuing their way. 'They come o' the same parents, I s'pose,' observed Farmer Mack as they trotted on. ? 'I suppose so,' returned the hon. Mrs Fullard carelessly. ' 'Nothing like it if you want a well matched pair,' said Farmer Mack. They drove ou in eileuce after, that for some time, till the glimmer of a large white house in the distatce showed itself faintly among the trees. ? 'That is noy home you see over' there,' said the hon. Mrs Fullard. 'Away over yander,' said Farmer Mack indicating the direction with his broad brown thumb. 'Yes, that is it.' .'My!' ejaculated Farmer Mack, 'Looks a — a imposing edifice,' after which eloquent utterance he drew a deep breath, whereupon the lady laughed merrily. * Fine speeches do not seem to suit you, Mr Mack,' she said. ' I don't often make a shot at. 'em, mem,' he said with more candour than grace, ' but I got up a few a while ago to please the gel, but, lor bless me I I've most forgot 'em now. I call to mind when I was a buy and went to school, which was mighty little I did. I call to mind gettin'a few good sound ing words in my nut, but they've died out, yes, they've died out, mem.' ; ' How did you go to school,' asked his companion for the sake of saying something. ' Rode, mem, when I could, part times on a bob-tailed nag, and part times on a white.' ? They now entered a picturesque avenue of native trees and shrubs , which had been: left standing when the bush on all sides; had been cleared. This avenue ran nearly a mile and was very shady and cool. ? 'Wasn't it a pretty idea to have these. trees left?' asked the hon. Mrs Fullard as Farmer Mack got down from the buggy to open the gate. ' Real pretty, mem,' said the old man with enthusiasm. But as he took his seat again his face changed. ' Ain't them cattle over there?' he asked straining his dim old eyes to get a clearer view of a herd of animals graz ing in the furthermost end of the ad jacent field. ' Yes,' said the hon. Mrs Fullard with a smile, ' those are some of Eric's pure jerseys.' ' Heart alive !' said Farmer Mack, 'I thought I spotted them.' Mr Fullard did not come of as good a family as his wife, but though he was not entitled to an 'honourable ' before his name he was no less a gentleman. He greeted Farmer Mack with a genuine warmth of welcome, and then it was good to see how proudly he turned towards his handsome young wife and said' playfully — ' I wonder Mr Mack trusted himself with you, Yoia, behind those spirited little beasties,' Then they lunched, but first Farmer Mack had to be introduced to Mr Fullard's mother. A dear old lady with white hair and a pleasant face, but who from very old age had fallen into a habit of saying the wrong thing at all times. Mrs Fullard was in her ninety -third year. ' How do you do ?' she said to Farmer Mack in a quavering tone,: ' you are Mrs Melrose's father, who is always putting his foot in it, aren t you V '..???'.:?? Farmer Mack laughed heartily. He thought it was a great joke and showed that he did so, but the hon. Mrs Fullard blushed crimson. 'That is too bad of you, my lady mother,' she eaid. ' ' ? ' ' ' No, no,' said Farmer Mack hastily, ' it is a bad habit of mine. You see I'm no ways used lo what they call perlite BOd'ety.' 4 You're a self-made man, aren't you ?' asked old Mrs Fullard. ? Hardly,' returned Farmer Mack with a puzzled air, 'I don't well see how any man could make himself. Mr Fullard was much older than his wife and his hair was iron grey, but Farmer Mack, noted that an absolute harmony reigned between them, and that old Mrs FuUard, instead of seeming in the way, was just what was needed to prevent those whom she designated her ' children ' thinking too much of each other, and of them selves* After lunch ? Mr Fullard took Farmer Mack for a stroll to where the Jersey cattle browsed in the sunshine, and then the old man, to his own delight and to the amusement and edification of his host, enlarged upon what he termed the various ' pints ' of tne pretty animah. \ ' Who be all them ' buys ' ?' asked Farmer Mack presently, looking to where a party of young stockmen were riding towards the stables.' /Those are our 'jackeroos'' observed Mr Fullard good-naturedlyj ' good lads, some of them.' 'That ain't a 'jackeroo' ' observed Farmer Mack, indicating another horseman who was slowly making his way towards the front entrance. ' No,' said Mr Fullard, ? that looks like someone to see me, and therels young Maydew coming with the day's post. Come, Mr Mack, we will go back to the house.' . ... The day's post lay on the hall table before being carried to Mr Fullard's office. The latter paused, and seeing that several letters and telegrams awaited his attention excused himself for a few moments, while Farmer Mack went on to the drawing-room. As he entered he heard a man's voice addressing the hon. Mrs Fullard. She rose at Farmer Mack's entrance and something like a look of relief stole over her face. ' We will have some tea now,' she said smiling, ' but what have you done with Eric, Mr Mack ?' ?He's busy with his post, mem,' said Farmer Mack. ''.,.' 'Then he must just tear himself . away,' said the hon. Mrs Fullard ' lightly, 'but let me introduce Mr ,????' Pickara to you, Mr Mack.' A tall and gentlemanly loaking man of about thirty yeara of age, handsome of feature and singularly clear in com plexion, advanced towards Farmer Mack and bowed graciously, not to say condescendingly. Farmer Mack responded with his sKort awkward little bow, and sat down without a word. He was no longer at ease. His long hard life, containing more ' kicks than ha' pence ' had rendered him anything bur sensitive or impres sionable, and yet there was something, an inexplicable something, about Mr Pickara that repelled the old man. What was it, be asked himself, that made him feel as though he'd got a fit o' the grumps ? So he sat down and ' said nothing, but Mr Pickara turned his good-looking face towards him and made some conventional remark respecting the weather. To this Farmer Mack barely responded, but a '?'' small fly wandering aimlessly about I the- room just tbenbappening to settle ?upon' bis bald bead, the old man brought down one of ; his great brown hands uoon it with a slap that sounded through .the room, and startled the hon. Mrs Eullard as she was about tu. resume her seat. She glanced at Fanner Mack in. some surprise, and 'seeing this te broke into his customary mode of apology. , ' Eh, dear, I beg your pardon, I'm sure.' ? ; , : ;:. ;.?.'?' w/ ;.,' j ;,--.' ??'. ;- The door opened just then to, admit HrlSillard/and' with him the old lady his mother.' Mr Fullard' greeted his guest courteously, even kindly, but Parme'r: ' Mack|; who had suddenly ??'become1 observant, came to the con clusion that Mr Pickara was not an intimate friend of. the* master of the h.ousei ;rTea! was brought, and some desultory conversation^ 'indulged in, ;aM theq: Mr Fullard said suddenly. Idling at hir wife, ' ' : ' '. I :i'jl 'am awfully sbrry, Tola; dfear,, out I haye tp start for Mpree to-night; or 'fath^r'^aye this afternoon.' '?? ? ') '#hvis' 1b, jrather: sudden, Eric,' said ^fiM:Mk^ullardV-isn'fc:itr ' 1 ' Itfell ' it is', But I have j ust got a'( telegram asking me to be there on 'Thursday to take delivery of those Bheep I was telling youabpiit? ? It's awkward. too with, two visitors in the, house,' observed Mre i FuUard ?with innocent Buayity. .; No one needed this observation, \- but Farmer, Mack, who was w&tching; iMTCPibiara,saw,or thought he saw, a! : fla*ri, ' ' a pp'arently a11 flaslr of triumph, light up that gentleman' s-fine1 eyes. 'It' was in the afternoon' of the sue,' Reding r,day, a hot drowsy afternoon that5 ev3ry.pne with one accord made their way' to the large, lofty; and well-; i&ntilffted; drawing-room and lounged tli^re'in' its dim recesses'. It was too1 '??fflt. t!o ? talkj they ??'aid 'lout after' a| whiie; Mr Pickara changed his seat from a lounge on one' side to' that decupved by the hon. Mrs Eo Hard, and' oegani'S conversation in a voice so low, A that farmer Mack, who sat; at gbmeeJlittle - distance, could ^scarcely; distinguish 'a word. The hon; Mrs ?(Pulktd1 from time- to ; time^ 'moveid' uneasily despite the luxurious cush-: T-Sn3 on 'which she learied,' or Mariner; ?M&cV;'M.bought that she did; and' the; ? dld^m'aii wished that^lfe could divine! the caufe© 6f that uneasiness j : Presently he caiight _ the yords' - mesm&iiPvdider; and magnetic tiwrti'. Hej ? ?fcnew' nothing 6f such 'things;- but they! had an ugly sound he though't, aridi ? 'then; he- almost started ; to see Mr' Pickara take the lady's hand in hisj ^and-hdld it for a fow minutes. : The; , inei^moment he ealled himself an oldj fool for his pains. Most -likely they! were ;old friends, ? and. what business! ?was it of; his -: if they did hold each; iotbei's hand and speak in low tones ?i But he, too, moved uneasily in his; ? ehairj* though . no one, heeded him.; ISTow.'Mr Pickara :was.makingyrapid; passes with 'his hands : before the: hon/ MrsifPullard's face. The room was shrouded in all the gloom; which; ernanatesifrom :closed shutters, and oldj Mrs; Eullard, who was Bomewhere near,? by: her deep breathing .betokened thej fact/ .that shevwaB fast .asleep. TJbe! inotion of .hands on the i part of Mr ?Pickara 'lasted: for a short time and then hechapged his; tactics., IJ,erand ?-th'ev h6n. Mrs Fullard came directly ?between ' the faint light ? from the \- window and the old ; man who; was watching them in some mystification. | ' '- Thelady's eyes were closed and shei ?appended to be sleeping .peacefully, when without -warning Mr Pickara! took? her hands in hfs';and stooping' touched her lips with his own, Crash j And an easel carved in solid oak fell heavily to the ground, bearing with it an oilpainting which it had supported. The hon. Mrs Fullard started to her feel; and her companion in some con fusion went to pick up the fallen easel. Farmer Mack .went straight to the great green shutters and pushed them open, thereby admitting a . brilliant stream of sunshine. \ . (To he continued.) 