POWDER AND SHOT. TELE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. [By Suoot’-em-flyin'.] So it is stated tliero is no interest taken m the munieipal elections this year. Thero never was a bigger mistake.. The stormy breezes have not begun to blow yet, perhaps ; but the barometer points to unsettled weather. A gale has sprung up in Newport, and it is going steadily to the south’ard. Bishop is astir ; “ Methioks I smell tho morning air,” says he, like the ghost in Hamlet, and he is going to mako his opponents sit up. Messrs Jack and Manly are mentioned as probable candidates ; and Mr McLennan is a dabbler in polities, but I am not at all sure that they will measure strides with the president of tile Trades Hall, who is both clear-headed and fair-min ded, and by no means afraid of a fight. Anyhow-, there is a feeling of unrest there just now. Peel is Bishop’s opponent if you In the North Ward, tho vacant seat looks a good thing for the retiring councillor, Mr F. Woods. Mr Woods, it must be remour berod, h ul to do a great bit of battling to gain his seat; ho had been unsuccessful so often that lie came up smiling the last time with the announcement that he was the •‘oft defeated candidate," and just now, I fancy he is the “ can’t be beat ” candidate, for he is a worker; always knows his own mind; sucks to his opinious and lias a good general knowledge of municipal work. Little Ambcry, game as a lighting cook, lias a notion that, somehow or other, he hasn’t dono tho North Ward any liurm and ought to be sent into the Council; but I am not sure whether he will nominate this time. I saw Mr Downian (known on the turf as Cyclops), aud lie tells me there is not a 1,000 to 1 chance of his entering the field this year. apcaiting auout one jNortli Ward, naturally reminds one of ex-Counei!lor Jobson, whosu bland smile is generally to be seen iu Nelson place in July Anno Domini—auy year you like. lie is about again and it would not take a very savage degree of violence to induce him to start. The North Ward has no preemptive right to him, ho thinks ; he is-a large property owner, and thinks “tho town is mine oyster.” It is merely a question of the strength or weakness of his opponent. If Jobson should go at all, which be it understood I do not say is certain, the ward I should say he will stand for is tho Victoria. I saw Dr. Johnston the other day and asked him how the battle was going in tho South Ward. He rubbed his hands gleefully, smiled in a genial manner, and assured me it was “a real good thing.” At the same time, he let it be distinctly understood that he was prepared to meet any opponent that . came forward, with the frankest cordiality, and it would not be for lack of lighting if ho did not give him a sound thrashing at Cox’s polling booth next month. If it is to be a walkover, he will take it as a compliment; but be emphatically saya that anyone who supposes :hc is afraid of a contest, is under a misapprehension. Between Tommy Edmonds and Alee, llamsay, the battle lies for the auditorship. “Couldn’t yon kid him on to speak, Tommy,” said a footballer, who does not understand tho dignity proper to muncipal elections, to him the other day in a seductive tone. Tommy paused, rubbed his “mo,” and said lie didn’t altogether see the advantage of it: “ why you know,” said the footballer “ when Alee, gets going, there's no stopping him ; you are cool and could wait till lie contradicts himself. Don’t von see what I mean.” Tommy thought there was millions in the suggestion, and I should not bo surprised to see both of them “take the (ltisu ” to it yet. Lt Herbert Humphrey was chairman of the Ratepayers’ Association, a bombshell would be thrown in just now. Some mem bers of that Jbody do not like tho way tho appointment of valuer was made; it is more expensive than the old method, and they are strongly of opinion that a reduction of ollieers is demanded. A two shilling ratu is looming ahead ; the Metro politan Board of Works has given out that it is going to strike a rate presently ; thero is the question whether members of the Metropolitan Board should not be elected by the ratepayers'; the Ratepayers’ Association lias specially' altered its constitution so as to feta&tW; iiRt11 i tho mootings, ami all these circumstances are causing some of its members to pauso and thiuk. What course of action may be decided upon, if any, I shall make the subject of a fresh discharge of (t l'owdcr and Shot” next week. 