[?] " By the Grace of God." By the Late. Rev'. O. H. Spurcjeon. ' For I am the least of tho apostles, that am not meet to lio called an apostle, becauso 1 uerseoutod tho Ohuroh of God. By tho araoo of God X am What I am.— 1 Oor. xv. 0, 10. . ' . There will ho no need of any profaco with a text so simple. The text is, indeed, made up of monosyllables, so that even a babo in Christ , may read und understand it ; and it is so deep, that the most advanced stunt may still uttor it, " By tho graoo of God I am what I am." 1\. In the first place, we sliall take it as a dootrinul stutomont with a personal application to Paul. It moaus, first, that Paul ascribes bis own salvation to tho freo favour of God. Ho believed himself to bo saved. Ho frequently flpoaks of himself in that 'light. Ho -boliovod himself to be a peculiar object of Divino lovo ; and my dear friends, I hope thoro are none of us who would quarrel with this statomont. Aye may quarrol with tho way in whioh somo poopto put it, hut down deop in every phristiau's heart there is tho conviction that ho is indebted in all respaots to tho undeservod moroy of tho Most High. And what is more, if there is anything in him whioh hus rendered him suparior to others, ho traces that superiority to Divino grace. Ho docs not duro throw up tho oap and say : " Well dono, I ! " Ho does not oxpcct to bo ablo to sny.thut, even when ho gets- to heaven. His "Men nobis, domino," is, "Not unto us, not unto us, but unto Thy nnmo bo tho praise." Ho delights to think that, when he gots his crown in heaven, lie won' t wear it, hut will oust it at tho feet of Him to whom ho knows it to bo duo. Urethral, it is nothing but tho free favour of God that has mado us to bo Christians whon wo might havo boon worldlings ; that hits mado us Jovo Christ whon wo might havo remained in our natural onmity. It is hoaauso of His freo favour that wo woro kept alivo and restrained in tho days of our sinfulness. It is bcoauso of His freo favour that wo havo been forgiven, justified, preserved, aud suuotificd up to this moment. Wo expect also to ho glorified as tho result of that samo fraa favour, and fully bolieve that, from tho first moment whon wo began to pray, until that happy, happy moment whon wo shall burst into tho ondless nnd perfect song, it will always bo through freo favour cncli shall he ablo to say, "By tho grace of God I am what I am." Rut, moro than this; this is not tbo only moaning of tho text, for " tlio grace of God" often moans tbo power of tlio Holy Spirit — tlio divine aud gracious operation of tho Holy Ghost upon tho soul. So I bohovo Paul to havo moant — "By tho gracious work and operation upon mo of tho Holy Spirit I am what I am." This statement lie makes a great many times over in different ways in his epistles. You cannot read them without Beeing tuat ho beliovcs ns to bo God's workmanship, created anew unto good works ; tliut ho traces everything iu us, not to the operation of tlio human will alone, but to tho operation of tbo gruoo of God upon that will, upon the undor- atanding, and upon all tlio fiioultics. Nuy, ho makes oat men to be dead — dead in trespasses aud sins, and consequently incapable ; and ho makes the first not to be a quickening, out of whioh spring foeling and desire and all those things which loud up to saving faith. . Ho declares faith not to ho of ourselves, hut to ho the gift of God ; or if ho moans in that passage tho wholo of his solvation, so muoh the moro upposito is my quotation, since ho asoribes the whole of it, from first to last, to thg, work ing of tho Blessed Spirit. Now, I liopeAve all agree in this. I havo hoard many religious disputes, hut I never yet heard a Christian who usoribed his regeneration to unything hut to tho work of the Holy Spirit in his soul ; and after I havo heard theso contentions and strifes ubout doutrines, when wo have como to matters of experience, I havo found wo uro wonderfully uliko. AVo do believo that it was the Spirit of God that first inclined our wayward thoughts to think about divino things, which broke our hearts and mado us fool the ovil of sin ; whioh led us to seo tho beauties of Jesus, and inclined ns to put our trust in Him. AVo ascribed it not at all to the operation of our own thoughts, hut first pf all to tho operation of tlio Spirit of God upon thoso thoughts, loading thom in that direction, and guiding us to them. AVo uro not liko thoso who believo that faith nnd ropentanco uro not tlio acts of man, nor tho duty of man. AVo cunnot conceive that tho Holy Spirit aver reponts for anybody, sinco Ho has nothing to repent of ; and tho Holy Spirit never holioveB for nnyhody ; und if Ho did, it would not ho of uny use. Tho mnn must repent personally,' and believo personally, or ho cannot bo saved. These must bo his own acts and deeds, or else ho is not among thoso to whom the promise is given. But tho Spirit works in us, so that wo do repent and boliove in Jesus Christ ; and theroforo wo ascribe re pentance, faith, nnd every spiritual gift to tho operation of tbo grace of God. 2\. Secondlj', I would regard our text as a grateful acknowledgment. "By tho grace of God I um what I am ;" n grateful acknow ledgment, whioh forbade liiin ever to bonst. Some might say, "All, Paul, thou art a zealous prenohor, none moro fervent than thou." "Ah," says he, " and well I may be, for I owe everything to His love who has forgiven mo so muoh." "But, Paul, you labour moro abundantly tlinn tlioy nil. You havo oxposed yourself to perils by laud and sea, and nothing seems too muoh for you to under go." " And well it may bo, for I owe all I am to grace ; and this power to hear, and thia willingness to suffer, is tlio mighty working of tho graoo of God in ine, according to His working who striveth in mo mightily. AVoo is unto mo if I preuoli not the Gospel." " But, Paul, you havo such a clear viow of tho Gospel. You seom to havo such an eagle oyo, and Buoh a penetrating mind, that you go deopor down, and right umongst things that are hard to bo understood hy others. You theroforo deservo much praise." "Nay," says the Apostle, "for I havo learned nothing. I havo been taught of God, and thereforo I cannot set mvsolf up aud allow others to say, 'I am of Paul,' as tlioy liuvo sold, ' I um of Apollos, and I of Cephas,' for what havo I tluit I havo not reooived from God? und what havo I boon tuught that t have not been taught of God ? " " AVell, Paul, you are a groat apostle." "Yos, I am; I am as suroly an apostlo as Peter or any of thorn." "But havo you not muoh to bo proud of?" "No; for unto mo, who am tlio least of nil saints, is this grace given. I reckon it to bo of freo favour that I should havo boon a ohoson vossol unto God, chosen whon I was a per secutor riding to Damasous foaming at tho mouth against tho suints of God, and yot struok down and there nnd then oommissionod to bear tho name of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles before Peter or any of them. I was snntohed liko a brand from tho burning; plucked hy singular mid umuzing grace from tho influouoo of Pliarisuism ; taken from being a proud rabbi, ready to devour tho sheep of Christ, to ho His lowest dnd humhlcst servant. I must givo pU honour to the graoo of God." Now, whenever you fool inclined to bo a littlo lofty in tho uppor regions (and it is a thing that comes ovor ns sometimes), whon somebody brushog your feathors in a way that makes you tliinlc you aro rather superior, indoed voiw superior, to othors; whon yoa begin to fool that people do not pay yoa sufficient respoot, ana yoa aro a littlo nottled ; whon somebody ovou gots in yourpow — and Auoh things will happen — think of Paul's estimate of liimsolf. I havo known tho timo when, going through temptation, Satan lias whispered, "Well, now you really did stand well this timo. You uro getting into tho higher life." Then is the timo to be on ono's guard. Sometimes Satan .'whispers, "You did pray finely at tho prayor meeting," or, " If all tho Sunday school toaohers wero like you, London would ho grontly improved." "And he says to tlio preacher, " If all tho ministors woro to bring out Jesus Christ in as plain languago as you do, pooplo would soon behove. You uro somebody— you are." Now, tho vory host tiring for us is to sit down nnd say, "By tho graco of God lam what I am." Do you remembor tlio timo when people used to bo in prison for debt. I am told that in tho old Floot Prison, tlioso who woro in prison for thousands usod to look with contompt upon thoso who owed small sums. suoh ub £20 or £60. .Tho' more they owed, tho moro superior did. tlio inmates think themselves. . AYero they not fools? Now, when a Christian is proud of what ho possesses, orwliut talents ho has,' or what ho has dono, — sinco ail is tho gift of God, ho is only a greater debtor than another ; and what a foolish person ho iB to ho proud ot that ! AVo aro moro in debt than otlior people. If. you hava.moro' graoo than other people, to bo proud and lifted up is folly indoed. Paul, tlisii, aqkuowledgos that bofore God -ho oould not boast.' Ho fothado himself to boost, for by tho grace of God ho was what he was. 3\. Now, in the third place, . as we have used our text as a dootrlhiil statement dnd'a grtitofnl anknowlodgomont, lot ns use it us a vory sweot encouragement. You remember Mercy's dream in tho " Pilgrim's Progress." ' She lahghed in' her sleep, and Ohristiana ' asked why sho laughod. Mercy replied tliut sho did'nt laugli. Sho had forgotten ; but by-and-by she said she didluugh, and woll sho might, for in her dream s'io saw horsolf in all her bridal attiro os she would bo in the day when Ohrist should como und tho Bridegroom should come; " Oh ! when I thought of tho Brido, and saw myself with tlio orown of overlimting life, and tho pnlm- branoli of viotory, boforo tho Lord, in all His beauty and hoard Hiin say, 'Come, thou blossad of My Father, inherit tho kingdom,' I felt as though I could laugli. My soul dunoed at tho thought. It doos soom as if it could not ho." Think of a poor hodriddon woman. Look what u change for lior to become, ns the angols are, fair and young nnd beautiful in tho presonoo of God, and tlio poor, doubting Christian tlmt has not soon the suu above onco in six months, and whon sho has, has gono hnok to her " dumps" nguin— what a ohango for hor, whon slio will bo. without spot, or wrinkle, or any suoh thing I Lot all thoso who think it cannot boso, ho onoouraged by what God lies already dono for them ; for if Ho has dona so muoh, why should Ho not do tho rest ? Ho tlmt dried tho Rod Sea, und oponed the win dows of heaven, unci foil Israel with tho brand of angols, will surely bring thorn in, nhd givo to every ono Ills' inheritance in tiro Promised Land. I havo redd of ono who dreamed a drcum whon in groat distress of mind about religion. Ho thought ho stood in tho outer court of heaven, and ho saw "a glorious host marching up, singing swoot hymns, and hearing tho banners of victory ; and thoy passed by him through Iho gato, and wliou thoy vanished, ho liciird in tbo distanaoswoet strains of music. " AVlio aro thoy ? " ho asked. "Tlioy aro tho goodly fellowship of tlio prophots, who lmvo gono to bo with Gad." And ho heaved a deop sigh ns he said, " Alas, I am not ono of them, unci novel- shull bo, nnd I cannot onter thoro." By-and-by there oamo up nnotlior bund, equally triumphant in appearance, aud robed in white. They passed within tho portals, und aguin were shouts of welcome heard within. "AVho aro thoy?" lio uslced. "Tlioy aro tho goodly fellowship of tlio apostles." "Alas!" ho said, "I belong not to that fellowship, and cunnot outer." lie still waited and lingered, in tho hope that lio might yot got in : hut tho r.oxt multi tude did not encourage him, for thoy woro tlio noblo uriny of martyrs. Ho could not go with thom, nor wuvo their palin-branchos. Ho waited still, und saw that tho next was a company of godly ministers nnd officers of Christian churelios; but ho could not go in with thom. At last, ns he wutchod, he saw a largor hast than all tlio rest put together, marching and singing most molodiously ; aud in front walked the woman who was a sinner, imd tho thief that died upon tho cross, hurd hy tho Saviour ; nnd ho looked along, nnd saw thoro such as Mmmssch and tho liko ; and when thoy ontered, ho could see who tlioy woro. und lio thought, "Tboro will ho no shootings about them" ; hut, to his astonish ment, it seemed us if all hoaven was rent with sovenfold shouts us they passed iu. And the angel said to him, "Those are they that are mighty sinnors, saved by mighty graoo " ; and tlion ho said, " Blossod bo God, I can go with thom," aud so ho awoke. 