ROWDY PROTECTIONIST MEETING. KEMPSEY AND MR. REID'S POLICY. "The Three Tailors of Tooley- Street" over again. During last week a dozen or so protec- tionists signed a requisition to Mr. Mayor Dangar asking him to call " a public meet- ing of farmers, timber- getters, dairymen and others inteiested in maintaining the Customs Duties on colonial products, tim- ber, &c.;, and in resisting the proposals of the present Government to impose a Land Tax. The object of the meeting will be to appeal to the Legislative Council to resist the Financial " Proposals of the pre- sent Administration." Mr. Dangar acceded to the request and the meeting was held in the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. It was called for 7.30. At that hour eight or nine persons were gathered outside the hall. By 7.45 the number had increased to 15, and a move was made indoors. A few stragglers dropped in one after another, the few in- cluding the irrepressible " Jack" Long, who caused the first bit of merriment by asking the Mayor where the meeting was, and making sundry other satirical remarks. When the crowd had increased to about 30, Long went to the door and ordered the bell-boy to cease ringing the gong. The Mayor asked some of the gentlemen pre- sent to keep him company on the plat- form, but the majority being apparently afraid that if they did so there would be no audience, only two responded, Messrs. u, J. Gilfiilan and H. P. Macklin. The Mayor (as chairman) commenced the proceedings by referring to the Bulle- tin cartoon which represented Premier Reid as Samson endeavoring to pull down the Upper House. He hoped that the destruction of the Council would not hap pen, as that body was in the right place to uphold what was right and proper and see that the Assembly did not go to extremes. After reading the requisition calling; the it offseting, the chairman exclaimed, "If the Government put on another tax, we won't know how to pay it." Mr. H. P. Macklin moved the first reso- lution, viz., "That, while not averse to the imposition of a Land and Income Tax under favorable circumstances, this meet ing most emphatically protests against the substitution of such taxation for protec tive revenue collected through the Customs House." If things were favorable, he asserted, he would favor a land and income tax, as it would assist to break up; some of the big estates in the province, but things were not favorable now, and, anyway, he objected to such a tax being, " substituted for protective duties. Cer- tainly he did not care for the Dibbs tariff which was only the ghost or shadow of protection, but while the colony; possessed that, it possessed the principle. Mr. O. O. Dangar seconded the motion. He, also, was in favor of a land and income tax — under any other circumstances but the present. In his opinion, the resolu tion expressed the opinion of the great hulk of the people in this part of the country. By this time the audience had swollen to number about 150, the back of the hall being partially filled by noisy youths who commenced at this stage to make their presence known. Mr. L.L. Boshell wouldn't have a land tax under any conditions, and moved an amendment, viz., " That this meeting pro tests against the substitution of a land and income tax for protective duties col- lected through the Customs House." No landlord, or farmer, on the Macleay was, he averred, in favor of a land-tax. "Joe" Byrnes here wanted to know what the meeting was for, the " back " cheering his interjection. Mr. George Ainsworth seconded the amendment, which was supported bv Ald. O'Halloran. " Mr. Rosenfeldt could not see, for the life of him, why the land tax was going to ruin people, as had been stated. No farmer would be severely hit by it. If it did any injury at all it would be in killing some of the large estates, and that would be a blessing, for they would then be thrown open to the people. High rents and interests were doing, and would do, injury to the farmers, not a land tax. Very few of the farmers of the Macleay would have to pay a single penny. Mr. O. O. Dangar here rose to reply to Mr. Rosenfeldt, which brought from Long the inquiry, " Who's in charge of this meeting ?" Byrnes interjected, " I think it's a political meeting" Mr. O. O. Dan gar : "Of course it is." This admission was greeted with roars from the rear of the hall, being taken in a different sense to what was meant. This was the begin ning of an uproar, which continued for the rest of the night. Mr. Macklin having spoken in reply to Mr. Boshell, Mr. E. Rudder rose to make a few remarks. A point of order was taken and the cry raised of "question." Though the point was not pressed, a vote was called for. On a show of hands be ing taken, Mr. Boshell's amendment was declared lost. The Mayor then called for a vote in favor of the motion. Though only 16 or 17 hands were held up, the Mayor declared the motion carried. Mr. Boshell pointed out that the vote against the motion had not been called for and insisted on the proceedings being repeated. The noise became deafening and com pletely flustered the chairman, who called for a show of hands for both motion and amendment, but not against. Anyhow, although less than 20 hands were held up for the motion, it was declared carried. Mr. Enoch Rudder, to whom was en trusted the second resolution, commenced his speech from the platform. After ap pealing to the meeting, as a gathering of rational and sensible men, to be orderly, he asserted that it was a great misfortune that the meeting had not been given more publicity. It had been advertised in the Chronicle , but not in the Argus, and in his opinion both papers should have been utilised. Moreover, the resolu tions should have been published and more time given to the speakers to prepare ad- dresses. It was not fair to expect a man to speak at a moment's notice. A succession of cat-calls and ejacula tions, mixed with foot-stamping and hubbub, caused the speaker to leave the platform and attempt to speak from the floor. Several times the Mayor appealed for order, eventually with partial success. Mr. Rudder, continuing, gave a history of the sugar industry, in Europe and in New South Wales, but his voice, owing to a throat trouble, could hardly be heard, and after five minutes speech the audience again grew impatient and compelled him to resume his seat. In moving the resolution, however, Mr. Rudder was understood to say that until the centraliz ation of trade in Sydney was got rid of there would be no real prosperity in the province. The resolution was: "That the proposals of the Reid Government to foolish, the duties on sugar, timber, grain and other farm produce, is not only seriously injurious to all producing interests, but, in view of the much-desired federation of the colonies, is in the opinion of this meeting an unwise interference with a matter properly belonging to a Federal Parliament and a serious dis turbance of trade." Ere the proceedings could be advanced a wild Irishmen, who all the evening had, been playing to the gallery by tricks of buffonery, temporarily took possession of the meeting, and wound up an exhibition of foolery by dancing a jig. A wild row ensured, the upshot being that Byrnes mounted the platform, intending to speak, and Mr. Gilfiilan jumped off horridly. In a brief ""interval of calm, Mr. L. L. Boshell seconded the motion. Byrnes followed, addressing the audience, like a Roman of old, as "fellow citizens." A few incoherent remarks he advisedjthe chairman to " put in his bosom." The motion was put to the meeting and voted for by about 30 persons. Mr. John Clarke moved the third resolution, viz. : " That this meeting records its satisfaction that- the inoppor tune introduction of a Land and Income Tax Bill, with a view to exclude the col lection -of taxation through the Custom House, has been defeated by the rejection of the Government proposals by the Legis lative Council." Mr, P. Burke seconded and Mr. Ains worth supported this motion, .which was carried in the same way at the others. Neither Messrs. Clarke, Burke, nor Ains worth made a speech, the disturbance was so pronounced. Byrnes endeavored to take possession of "the meeting, but was -prevented. Even when Mr. Gilfiilan rose to propose the usual vote of thanks to the chairman and that the other motions be sent to Mr. Clarke, M.P., the. row was per sisted in. Opposition only stirred up the ferment, nntil the hall was a perfect Babel. 'Mr. Macklin was put, in the chair to sub mit the vote, of thanks, and the uproar so aggravated him that he called on Sub- Inspector Baker to have two of the chief offenders removed : Constable Glanville's authority, and strong arms, soon had the two in the outer darkness. Mr. Meade, ere the motion was put, voiced the opinion of more than one per son in the room by. calling the meeting a farce, which brought from Mr. 0. 0. Dan gar the remark, "Shut up, and -don't -make, a. fool of yourself." -After a little inter change of pleasantries with the chairman, Mr. Meade sat down, the motion was put, Mayor Dangar replied, and the meeting was over. 