r&aMMai;»aaB8OTTrTnj'l 1rf.WapilMWgttlMMM«MBW— — ' The Deeming Case. \- , : . A i ' — HOW THE RAIN HILL DISCOVERY WAS MADE.- An interesting account appears in the "Argus'1 relating how Mr. Lowe, then on the London staff of that journal, at nresent in Melbourne, discovered the bodies which Deeming buried at Rain hi u in 1891, before leaving for JJelbotirne with his new wife, Emily Mather. The discovery was the outcome <o a message from Melbourne to the London \- office telliDg it have inquiry made about Williams, as Deeming was caljea previous to his arrest. This wps " March. 1892. Mr. Lowe was told oft oy Mr. Townend, the London manager, to take up the wild goose chase.- So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of the metropolitan police and the detective department that they could not even see Miv Lowe wlicn lie sent his _mune in by < the" Gorman man-servant. If Mr.- Lowe desired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Sup- . infendent Anderson, but as the cab-horse Skated back into the city Mr. Lowe devoted himself to thinking. As a result of his cogitations the" cab horse was pulled on to' his haunches in front of a red lamp, and he lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his— the police official in charge.- "1 fancy this is what you want," with i smile, as he spread the "information Sheet " fotf that very day on the desk before him,- and pointed to entry number 44 which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at-Melbourne, on Christmas Eve, 1891. T'he entry. set forth that Williams spoke with a Lancashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintendent Shore. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland yard after a hurried visit to the "Argus" office in Fleet-street, he had a letter from Mr.- Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in his pocket, and he had the information itself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience he omitted the formality of sending in his card, and running up a , flight of stone steps and along a passage / entered Superintendent Shore's private roonv and introduced himself in person. The superintendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to -Ae murder and for the address of " Mrs. . Williams " in Liverpool. " I know nothing at all about it," said the superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by ng experience to be economical in adminis tering his stock of veracity, "and moreover," he added with engaging frankness, " if I did know, I should not tell yog." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes. " As you know nothing about the matter," he said, " perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas- Eve. He formerly stayed at Rainhill, He Bpeaks with a strong Lancashire accent, and there is a detailed description of him published as the 44th entry in to-day's informntion ' sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo bears your own signature Superintendent Shore." The superintendent sprang to his feet. '' The man who told yon this shall be dismissed from the force," he hissed with an oath. After listening to some sarcasms from Superintendent Shore, Mr. Lowe went back to the " Argus " office, and learned that Rainhill was ten miles fmm Liver pool. He started immediately by train. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm had almoBfc blown itself out, but it was still piercingly cold, the air was thick and opaque, and the half-Been sky was leaden, so that the day suited wqll with the task in hand. It was fi'.ting weather for following up the death trail." The firri person he interviewed at 'Rainhill was Higham, the postman. As he walked down the street w'th old Higham there appeared on the scene young Higham a stripling of 18, who assisted his father with the delivery of the mails. " Feyther," sa'd the boy, speaking in the long liquid Lancashire drawl " doant 'e moind thot theer Williams as coora'd to Rainhill last 'arvest-toirae. Mayhap 'e wur tha feller. Tm's married Emmie Mather an' took 'er off to Chaney ?" "Ay, ay, sewerly," the old man resonded. "I moind 'im well ma lad. 'e rented Dinharo- villa from Mrs. Hayes an' Ben Young cemented tha kitching floor-fur 'im." Mr., Lowe gave an involuntary exclam ation of surprised delight. " When did you say he married her my lad ?" he said. " Last 'arvest toime," replied the lad, " oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo loike. But 'ere cooms Joe Pickering, 'e married Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can tellb you moor of WilliamB than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham-villa when the cementing of the, floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover he had lately seen a letter writen to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia in which Williams v Baid that "dear Emily was quite happy and in the best of health," The letter was dated some time in January. Mrs. Mather and her daughter Mrr. Pickering were both at home when Mr. Lowe called and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse-hair sofa and and arm-chair, its cheap German prints on the walls, and 'its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematically in the centre. It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had, had the letting of Dinham-villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayea, and applicants to view the property had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when he came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once propostd marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa, in the kitchen, which had been newly cemented. Cer tainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no, one knew anything about, but he was a free-handed, wellspoken man and he had promised her a good home. ' They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. Next morning, the " Argus," away on the othor side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a oolumn long with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave if the house at "Windsor. It was the firet on a aeries , of perhaps the most remarkable 'coups' ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lou- don and Liverpool went the reRtless Mr, Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray . fibres of circumstantial and direct evi- 1 deiice, until he had made a rope strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rain hill with her fonr' children, kept on in truding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no lirace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghostB that refused to be laid until they were avenged. JL vague idea caime to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham-villa under instructions from "Williams. " Where did you get the cement from ; Ben ?" was the first eager question. "It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coach-house accordingly they ' went, and sure enough thev found there three barrels which had evidently con tained cement. "Did yon use all the cement out of the' three barrels 1" aBted Mr. Lowe. "Naw," said Ben Young. " How much did you use then ? For Heaven's sake, harry up my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they baris," he replied, with irritating slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other'wonn. It wur empty aforir a got tha job," Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain. " Where is the missing barrel of cement if there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, halt to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Serganc Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance, against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district superin tendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham-villa under Mr. Lowe'3 direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far-sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his Dark Tower come. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhuma tion. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The weman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. _ Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to " The Argus?" in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the murders which he bad been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in " The Argus " alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning Albert Oliver "Williams, alais Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see yon," said Superintendent Shore next day, Btretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years. — ' 'The Australasian." 