AN IRISH sf«Vv i m BY 0. M. Beautifully situated .in a pleasant valley of the White Knight's country, ' at the foot of ihe GAltsr Mountains, wbb the cabin of Larry Dodd and hie wife. They rented a oabin and a few aorea of land, which they sultivated with grekt - aarel: They were in dependent, and respected by their neighbors ; V they loved eaoh other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of comfort about them. Lavry was a hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built little man, with p. fiddle head ' and a round body, a | steady -going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too. inueh whisky ; then, it ; must be confessed, he could not walk the ; Chalked line with perfeot acouraoy. He had a mo:3t,. ruddy oountenanoe, rather inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto- ; gether, he was generally looked upon as a j proper person, notwithstanding tbe faot that i he had every day in the year, a sort of un- ; holy dew upon his faoe, even in the coldest i weather, which gave rise to a supposition < that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po- ' t&tions.; However, all men of talents have , their faults — indeed," who is without them ? — : and Larry, Betting aside his weakness, was a ; most distinguished man. He was a man of mixed habits, in bis | mode of life, his drink and his ; costume. His dress acoorded with his j character — a sort of half-and-half between i farmer and horse jockey. He wore a bine coat pf ooarse eloth, with short skirts and a I standing collar ; his waitooat was red, and f his lower habiliments were made of leather, J which, in osurse of time, had shrunk eo i much that they fitted like a second skin, and ! long use had absorbed their moisture to such | a degree that they made a orackling noise as he moved along. A hat oevered with oil- : skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at tbe end, . a pair of seoond-hand, or, to speak more oor- j redly, second- footed, greasy top-boots, that ) seemed never to have seen a blacking-brush, j and one spur with a rowel, completed the j everyday dress of Larry Dodd. i Thus equipped was Larry returning from | Oashel, mounted on a rough-coated and one- I syed nag, though, notwithstanding these and a few other trifling blemishes, a well-built animal ; having just purchased the said nag, j with a fancy that he could make his own \- money again, and maybe turn an odd penny . more by it at ihe ooming Kildorry fair. Larry, well pleased with himself, trotted along the road ia the lingering twilight of a lovely June evoning, thinking of nothing at .all, only whistling and tronderiag would horses always be so low. ! " If they go at this rate," said he to him- t salf, 41 for half' nothing, and that paid in butter-buyerB' notes, who would ba the fool ! to walk?" j This very thought indeed was passing through hie mind, when his attention was aroused by a woman pacing quickly by tbe Bide of his horse, and hurrying on as ii endeavoring to reach her destination before oight closed in. Her figure, considering the long strides she took, appeared to be under the common size— rather of the dumpy order , but whether the damsel was young, old, j lair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could ! form no notion, owing to the fact of her ; wearing a large cloak, the hood of which was \--j-turned up and completely concealed every j feature. . ; Enveloped in this mass of dark and con cealing drapery, without muoh exertion the > strange woman oontrived to keep up with i Larry Dodd'e steed for some time, when his ; master very civilly offered her a lift behind j him as far, as he was going her way. " Civility ! begets civility," they say ; however, he re ceived no answer, and tftinfing that the ; lady's silence proceeded only frdm bashful- ' oasD, like a man of true gallantry, not a word . more said Larry, until he pulled up by the -! oide-of a gap, and. then said he : ; " My little girl jast jprap up behind me . without a word more, though never a one have you spoke, and I'll take you safe and sound through the lonesome bit of road that is before us." She jumped at the offer, sure enough, and up vritfyjaes on the back of tbe horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was seated behind Larry, with her band and arm buckled around his waist, holding on. " I hope you're comfortable there, my dear?" said Larry, in his good-humored way. But there was no answer, and on they .went — trot, trot, trot, along the road — and all was so still that you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mile off ; there was nothing else to heat except the moaning oi a distant stream that kept up ' a continued crooning, like a nurse hashing a babe, i Larry, who had a keen ear, did not, how ever, require so profound a silence to detect the cliok of one of the ahoes. 44 'Tis only loose the shoe is," said he to his oompanion»as they were just entering on the lonely bit of road. ! Some old- trees, with branches festooned with ivy, grey/ over a dark pool of water. r which had been formed as a drinking plaoe for oattle. Here the horse made a dead halt. I ana juariy, nos Knowing wnat-vioious tricke : his new purchase might have, and unwilling that, through any odd ohanee, the young woman should gat 44 spilt " in the water, dis mounted, thinking -to lead the animal past the pool. 44 By the piper's luck, that always found whak" he wanted," said Larry, recollect ing himself," I'va a nail in ray pocket ; 'tie not 'the firat time I've put on a shoe, and maybe it won't be the last, for here is no want of paving stones to make hammers in plenty." No sooner was Larry off than off with e swing came the woman, just at his side. Hei feet touched the ground without making the least noise, and away she bounded, likf an ill-mannered creature as she was, withoul Baying-41 By your leave " or no matter whal else. She seemed to glide rather than run, not along the road, but across a field, up. tsward the old ivy-covered walls of . Kilnaslattery Church— and a pretty church- it was. 44 Not so fast, if |you please, yoong woman, not so fast," cried Larry, oallin after her. But away she tsd, and Larry followed, hit leathern garments already described crack, arack, crackling at every Btep hi took, 44 Where's my wsges ?" said Larry. 44 Giv< me a kiss, my gir! ; sure, I've earned i. kiss from your pretty lips, and I'll have it. too 1" But she went on faster and fastar, regard less of these and other flattering apeechet f from her pursuer. At last she oame to the ' churchyard wall, and then ov6r with her in an i instant. > 44 Well, well ! She's a mighty smart crea- ; ture, anyhow ! To be sure how neat she ; steps. Did anyone ever see the like of that before? But I'll not be baulked by any woman that ever wore a head, or any ditch, ; either T'exolaimed Larry, as, with adesperate 'bound, he vaulted, scrambled' and tumbled over tbe wall into the ohuroh- ; yard. Up he got from the elastio eod of a newly made grave, in whioh Yade Leary that morning was buried— rest his soul I — and on went. Larry, stumbling over headstones and footstone?, over old graves and new graves, pieces of coffins, and the skulls and bones of dead men— the lord save us I— thai were scattered about there as plenty as paving stones, floundering amid great overgrown dock leaves and, brambles that, with their long, priokly arms- became tangled around uis limbs and held bim baok with a fearful grasp. - Meantime tbe merry woman in the oloak . moved through all these obstructions as svenly and as gsily as if the churchyard, -irowded up as it was with graves and grave stones, had been the floor of a dancing room. Round and round the walls of the old chnrcli she went. <4 I'll just wait," said Larry, seeing this and thinking it all nothing bnt a triek to frighten him. 44 When she comes round again, if 1 don't take the kiee I won't that's all ; and here abe ia If Larry Dodd epjMnirwaMwM arms and clasped nNhjtft— a woman, it hb' true, bnt a wom&o;,ftRbptit anyl lips to kike; by reason of her naynfjg ito head t 4i Murder fl" oried ia. 44 Well, ' that ao- eounta for her ncrt efiiKing'l" Having uttered these words, Larry him self became dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed turned to ice, and a dizziness oame over him. Staggering like a drunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the rain, horrified as the con viction that he had held a ghost in hiB em brace. When he returned to something like a feel ing o! consciousness he slowly opened his eyes, aud then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In the midst of the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with headR. This was plainly visible in the : strange light whioh spread itself around. It : was fearful to behold, but Larry could not < ohooae but look, for he was powerless through j wonder and fear. He would have shouted for j help, bat hiB tongue cleaved to the roof of i his mouth, and not one word oould he say. His eyes almost started from their sockets, his breast rested on the thickness of the wall, over whioh, on one side, his head and out- stretobed neok projected, and on the other, although one toe touched the ground, it de rived no Hupport from thence ; terror, as it were, kept him balanced. Strange noises asBailed his ears, until at last .they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of little bells, whioh kept up a continual ding-ding- ding. Marrowless bones rattled and clanked, and the deep and solemn sound of a great bell came booming on the night wind. . It was strange music to danee by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round the wheel set with skulls, were well-dressed ladies and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publicans, and jookeys and Jennies, bnt all without their heads. Larry did hot know what to think. His brains were all in a mist, and losing the balanoe whioh he had so long maintained, he. fell head foremost into the midBt of the com pany of ghostB. 44 I'm done for. and lost forever 1" roared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stars ; and souse 1 down he oame. 44 Welcome, Larry Dodd, welcome I" oried every head, bobbing up and down in the air. 41 A drink for Iarry Dodd 1" shouted they as with one voice, that qnavered like a shake on the bagpipes; No sooner said than done. One of the number presented a brimming oup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it off like a man. 44 'Tis capital stuff," he would have said, but he got no farther than 41 cap " when de- oapit&ted; was he, and his head began dancing over his shoulder. Larry, however, was not the first man who lost his head through the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming oup. Nothing more did he re member clearly, for it seems body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. When his senses returned his first act was to put his hand to where his head formerly grew, and to his great joy there he found it still. He then, shook it gently, but bis head remained firm enough, and, somewhat re assured by this he prooseded to open his eyes and look around bim. It was broad daylight, and in the old qhnrcby&rd; at Kilnaslattery he found himself, with his head " upon the lap of earth." Could it have been an ugly dream ? 44 Oh, no," said Larry. "4 A dream could never have brought be here, stretched on the flat "of my baok, with the death's head and cross-bones tormenting me on the fine old tombstone of Pat Ke&rney; of Kilerea — but where is tbe horse ?" He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he had received, and went to the pool of water, but no horse was there. 44 'Tis homo I must go," ssid Larry with a rueful countenance. " But how will I face Nanoy ? What shall I tell her about ihe horse, and the two pounds he cost me ? 'Tis them ghosts that have made their own of him from me,- the borse-oiealing robbers of the world, that have no fear for the gallows 1 But what's gone is gone, that's a olear case." So saying he turned his steps homeward, and arrived at his oabin about noon without enoonntering any farther adventures. There he fonnd Nanoy who, as he expected, looked as black asjja thunder-cloud at him for being out all night. She listened to his marvellous relation which he gave with exclamations of astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions pf. grief at the loss of the horse he had paid for like an honest man, she said : - 44 Bat what took yon up to the old church at all, out of the road at that time of night, Larry?" Larry looked like a criminal for whom there was no reprieve. xe scratched his head for an excuse, but not one could he muster up, so he knew not what to say. " 0 Larry, Larry," muttered Nanoy, after waiting for some time for his answer, 44 it's talking with a girl you were — an' you a married man I Confess the truth 1" Larry shuddered at the tempest whioh he perceived was now about to break upon hie devoted head. 44 Nanoy," said he, " I do confess. It waii, e woman without any head — " His wife heard no more; 41 A woman— I knew it was I" cried she. " But a woman without a head, Larry 1 Well, it is long before Nancy Gallagher ever thought it would come to this with her 1 That she should be left desolate and alone here by her baste of a husband for a woman without a head 1 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are low to-day, that you don't see "this sffliotion and dis grace to your daughter that you rared decent and tender ! Oh, Larry you villain !" You'll be the death of your, lawful wife, talking witb Bach vile cray there 1" 41 Well," said Larry, putting his bands in his coat pookets, 41 least said is soonest mended. Of the young woman I know nothing ; but this I do known, that a woman without a head may well be called a good woman, because she has no tongue !" How this remark operated on the matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, however, reported that Nanoy had the last word. My first word to all men and boys who care to hear me is, Don't get into debt, starve and go to heaven, but don'i borrow; Try first begging, I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing I But don't buy things you can't pay for !— Ruokin. Wiieh the song's gone out of your life you can't start another while it's a ringing in your ears ; it's best to have a bit of silenoe, and out o' that maybe a pealm'll come by and by. — Edward Garrett. The maelstrom attracts more notice than the quiet fountain , a comet draws more attention than the steady star, bnt it is better to be maelstrom, and star than comet following out the sphere and orbit o! quiet usefulness in which God places us. John HaY AxFEOTiTieNs in any part of our carriage is lighting up a oandle to our defects, ;and never fails to make us take notice of it, lithe as wanting sense or Bineerity; , - Most people w.ojald succeed in smjtH things .I thej? were not troubled: with great a'mbi- innd.— Longfellow Whether milch cows should be fed twice A day or shreo times a day is .a question which is agitating the dairymen in-' aome parts of the country. The advooates of feeding twice a day say that all ruminating animals should have plenty of opportunity to chew 'their cuds, or else their food will not yield them its fall nourishment. 44 A oow that has been well fed in the morning makes her lunch by ohewing her aud, and takes so muoh comfort in it that she makes more milk than she would by eating another meal at noon." The only way to settle this question is by actual experiment and careful comparison of results. - 