CHAPTER III.—(Continued.) ixi the course of that round of visits Allan contrived to find out a good deal about • the neighbourhood which was hence forward to be his home. • He discovered that it was, above all, a hunting neighbourhood; but that it was' also a shooting neighbourhood; and that thero was bad blood between the men who wanted to preserve pheasants and the men who wanted to hunt foxes From the point of view of the rights of property the shooters would appear to be in their right, since they only wanted to feed and foster birds on their own laud; while the hunting-man—were he hut tho season ticket holder from Bloomsbury—wanted to hunt his fox over land which belonged to another man, and to spoil that other man's costly sport in tho pursuit of a pleasure which cost him, the season-ticket holder, at most a stingy subscription to tho hunt he affected. But, on the other hand, hunting is a strictly national sport, and shooting is a selfish hole * and-corner kind of pleasure; bo the hunting men olaimed immemorial rights and privileges as against the owners of woods and copses and \- batchers of pheasants. Allan found another and more universal sport also in the ascendant at Matcbam. The neighbourhood had taken lately to golf, and that game had found favour with old and young of both sexes. Everybody could not . hunt, but everybody could play golf, or, at least, look ou from a respectful distance while golf was being played. The golf links on Matcbam Common had therefore become the most popular institution in the neighbourhood, and people came from afar to see the yonng ladies ot Matcham contest for the bangles and . photograph frames which the golf club offered as the reward of the strong arm and the accurate eye. K Allan, who could turn his hand to most things in, tho way of physical exercise, was able to bold his own with the members of the golf club, and speedily became a familiar figure on the links. Here, as elsewhere, he • met people who told him he was like Geoffrey : Wornock, and who praised Wornock's skill at golf just as other people had praised his riding . or his shooting. " He seems to he something of* a Crichton this Wornock of yours," Allan said sometimes, with a suspicion of annoyance. He was sick of being told of his likeness to . this m»n whom he had never seen—weary of hearing tho likeness discussed in his presence; weary of being told that the resemblance was In expression rather than in actual feature; that there was an indefinable something in liis face which recalled "Wornock in. an absolutely startling manner; while the details of that face taken separately were in many respects unlike Wornock's face. " Yet it is more than what is generally called a family likeness," said 3Irs. Mornington of the Grove, a personage in the neighbourhood, and the cleverest woman among Allan's new acquaintances. " It is tho individuality, the life and movement of the face, that are the same. Tho likenesses a likeness of light and shade rather than of lino and colour." There was a curious feeling in Allan's mind by the time kind of thing had been said to him in different forms of speech by nearly everybody, he know in Matcham—a feeling which was partly irritation, partly interest in the man whoso outward likeness to himself might be allied with soma identity of mind and Inclinations. "I wonder whether I shall like liim veiy much, or hate him very much," he said to Mrs. Morning ton. " I feel sure I must do one or the other." " You cannot help liking him. He is not tlio kind of man for anybody to hate," answered tho lady, quickly ; and then, growing 'suddenly thoughtful, she added, "You may find a something wanting in his character, per haps;. hut you cannot dislike him. Ho is thoroughly likeable." "What is tho something wanting which you have found?" " I did not say I had found—" " Oh, but you would have suggested that I might discover the weak spot if you had not foundit yoursdf!" " You are as searching as a cross-examining counsel," said Mrs. Mornington, laughing at him. " Well, I will bo perfectly frank with you. To my mind, Geoffrey's character suffers from the fault which doctors—speaking of a patient's physical condition—call wont of tone. There is want of-mental tone in Geoffrey. - I havo known him from a boy. I like him; I admire his talents.. Ho and. my 6ons were at Eton together. I have seen more of him per haps than anyone else in tho neighbourhood. I like him—1 am sorry for him." "Why sorry? Has he not aU the good things of this world ?" " Not oil. He lost his father before he* was five years old; and his mother is. I fear, a poor ' creature." "Kccentric, I understand?" ... " Lamentably so—a woman who isolates her self from all the people whose society would doher ! good, and who opens her door to any spirit- • j rapping charlatan whose tricbs become public I talk. Poor thing I One ought not to he angry with her, hut it is provoking to see 6uch a place as Discombe in the possession of a woman who is utterly unable to fill the position to which she has been elevated." " "Who was Mrs. Wornock before she became Mrs. Wornock? I have heard hints—" 41 Yes, and you are never likely , to hear more ! than hints," retorted Mrs. Mornington, im- ' patiently. "Nobody in this neighbourhood j knows who Mrs. Wornock was. No creature j of her kith or kin has ever been seen at Dis combe. I don't suppose her son knows any thing more of her antecedents than you or X. Old Squire Wornock left Discombe about seven and twenty years ago to drink the waters of some obscure spring in Bohemia—a place nobody hereabouts had ever' heard of. He was past sixty when he-set out on that journey, a confirmed bachelor. One would as soon have expected him to bring back the moon as to bring a wife, but to the utter stupefaction of all his friends and acquaintances • he returned with a pretty-looking, delicate, young creature he had married in Germany—at Dresden, I believe—and who looked much more like dying within the next five years than Le did." "Did he introduce her to his neighbour? Was she well received ?" "Oh, she was received well enough. Mr. Wornock was not the kind of mnn to marry a I disreputable person. • People took her on trust. ; She seemed painfully shy, and her only merit ' in society was that she sang very prettily. Everybody called upon her, hut 6ne did not respond warmly to our advances; and about six mouths after 'her marriage there were rumours of an alarming kind about her health —her mental health. ^ Our own good little doctor, dear old Mr. Podxnore, who had attended three generations of Wornocks, shook "his head when he was questioned about her. " Was it serious V' people asked—for I suppose you know that in a neighbourhood as rustic as ours if the doctor's carriage is seen at a par ticular house very often people will ask ques- - tions of that doctor. ' Yes, it was very serious. .We never got beyond that. Mr. Podmore was loyal to his patient, fondly as he loves a gossip. By-and-by we heard that Mr. Wornock had taken his young wife off to Switzerland. He who in his earlier life had seemed rooted to the. soil was off again to the continent, and Dis combe was shut up onco more. I'm afraid we all hated poor Mrs. Wornock. In a neigh bourhood like ours one detests anybody who ; disturbs the pleasant order of daily life. Dinners and hunting breakfasts at Discombe j were an element in our doily lives, and we | resented their cessation. When I say we, I | mean, of course, our men-folk." " Were your men-folk long deprived of Mr. Wornock's hospitalities ?" "For ever,', answered Mrs. Mornington, solemnly. "The Wornocks had only been gone half a year or so when wc read the announcement of. a son and heir, born at Grindelwald in tbo depth of winter. A nice place for the future owner of Discombe to be born in—Grindelwald—at the sign of the Bear 1 We were all indignant at the absurdity \- of the thing. This comes of an old man marrying a nobody, we said. Well, Mr. Carew, it was ages before wc saw anything more of the Wornocks. Geoffrey must have been three or foujr years old when his father and mother brought him to the house in which he ought to have been born—a poor little fragile Frenchified object, hanging on to a French bonne, and . speaking nothing 'but French. Not one sentence of his native tongue did the little wretch utter for a year or two after he appeared amongst us!" Allan laughed, heartily at Mrs. Moming ton's indignant recital of this ancient history. H<y* disgust was as fresh and as vigorous as if sh* were describing the events of yesterday. "Was ho anice child?" he asked, when they had both had their lAugh. "Nice? Well,yes,hewasnice, justasalkench poodle is nice. He was very active and intelli gent. He was hyper-active and hyper-intelli gent. He frightened me. But the Wornocks and the Morningtons had been close friends from generation to generation, so I could not help taking an interest in the brat, and I would have been a cordial friend of the brat's mother, for poor old Wornock's sake, if she would have let me. But she wouldn't or she couldn't respond to a sensible, matter-of-fact woman's friendly advances. The poor thing was in the clouds then, and she is in the clouds uow^ She has never come down to earth. Music, spirit rapping, thought-reading, slate-writing— what can one expect of a woman who gives all her mind to .such things as those?—a woman who lets her housekeeper manage everything from cellar to garret, and who has no will of her own in her garden and hot-houses? I have known Mrs. Wornock seven and twenty years, and I know no more of her now than I knew when sho came a stranger to Discombe. I coll upon her three or four times a year, and she returns my calls, and rats in my drawing-room for twenty minutes or so; looking miserable and longing to go. "What can one do with such a woman?" "Is it sheer stupidity, do you think?" "Stupidity! No, I think not. She has anything but a stupid expression of coun tenance. She has an air of spirituality, as of a nature above the common world, which cannot come down to common things. .Iam told that in music she is really.a genius; that her powers of criticism and appreciation arc of the highest order. She plays exquisitely," both organ and piano. - She has, or hail, a - heavenly soprano voice; but I have not -heard her sing since Geoffrey's birth." " She must be interesting," said Allan with conviction. " She is interesting—only she won't let one be interested in her." \- " Can anyonc'get a look at her? ; Does she go to Hnfcnnm Church ?" " Never. That • is another of her eccen tricities. She cither goes to that funny little old church you may have noticed right among the fields—fUbary parish church—nearly six miles from Discomoe, or she drives thirteen miles to Salisbury Cathedral. I believe she sometimes plays the organ at- Fflbury. The organ was her gift, by the way. They had only a wretched harmonium when ehe come to Dia combe." " £ shall go to Eilboiy Church next Sunday," said Allan. "Shallyou? I hope'you are not forgetting ; the lapse of time. This interesting widow is only interesting from a psychological stand point, remember. She must be five and forty years of age. Not even Cleopatra would have been interesting at forty-five." " I am under no hallucination as to the lady's age. I wont to see the mother of Geoffrey Wornock. It is Geoffrey "Wornock in whom I am interested." " Egotistical person I Only because Geoffrey : is like you." ! " Is there any man living who would not be | interested in his double?" Ah, but he is not your double! The village mind is given to exaggeration. He has not jour firm chin, nor your thoughtful brow. His face is a reminiscence of yours. It is weaker ! in every characteristic, in every line. Ton are | the substance, he the reflection. | "Now, you are laughing at my egotism, and j developing my vanity." j "No, believe me, no!" protested Hrs. | Mbrnington, gaily. " I see you both with all your defects and qualties. Tou haTe the stronger character, but you have not Geoffrey's fascinating personality. His very faults are attractive. He is by no means effeminate; yet there is something womanish in his nature which makes women fond of him. He has inherited his mother's sensitive, dreamy, tem perament. I feel sure he would see a ghost if there were one in the neighbourhood. The ghost would go to him instinctively, as dogs go who don't care about them; while the genuine dog-lover may be doing bis best to attract bow-wow's attention, and failing igno miniously." " Every word you say increases my interest in Mr. Wornock. In a neighbourhood like this, where everybody is sensible and commonplace and conventional, excepting always your brilliant self"—Mrs. Morniogton nodded, and put her feet on the fender—"It is so delightful to meet someone who does not move just on the common lines, and is not worked by the common machinery." "Tou will find nothing common about Geoffrey," said the lady. " I have known him since he was a little white boy in a black ▼civet suite, and be was just as enigmatical to me the day he left for Bombay as he was on his seventh birthday. I know that'Jie has winning manners, and that I am very fond of , him • and that is all I know abont Mm." ATTnn drove to Fflbury on the following Sunday, and was in his place in the little old parish church ten minutes before tbe service began. The high oak pews were notfavourable to his getting a good view of the congregation, I since, when seated, the top of his head was j only on a level with the top of his pew; bnt by | leaving the door of the pew ajar he contrived | to see Mrs. Wornock as she went up the narrow aisle—nave there was none, the pews forming a a solid square in the centre of the church. Yes," he was assured that slim, graceful figure in plain gray cashmere gown and gray straw bonnet must be Mrs. Wornock and no otber. Indecdtbc inference was easily arrived at, for all the rest of the congregation belonged ob viously to the small tenant-farmer and agri cultural labourer class—the women folk homcly and ruddy-cheeked—the men ponderous and ill at case in their Sunday clothes. The lady in the gray gown made her way quietly to.a pew that occupied the angle of the | church nearest tho pulpit and reading desk— the old three-decker arrangement, for clerk, parson, and preacher. Mr. Wornock was patron of the living of Pilbury and Dis ccmbe, and this large pew had belonged to the Wornocks ever since the rebuild ing of the church in Charles the Second's reign, a year or two after the manor-house was buut, when the estate, which had Mthertobcen an outlying possession of the Wornocks, became their place of residence, and most important property. Allan could only see the lady's profile from his place in the body of the church—a delicate profile, worn as if with long years of thought fulness ; a sweet, sad faco that had lost all freshness of colouring, hut bad gained the spiritual beauty which grows' in thought and solitude, where there are no vulgar cares to harass and vex the mind. A pensive peaceful ness was the chief characteristic of the face, Allan thought, when the lady turned towards the organ during the Te Deum, listening to the village voices, which sang truer than village voices generally do. Allan submitted to, the slow torture of a very long sermon about nothing in particular, on a text in Nehemiah, which suggested not the faintest bearing on tbe. Christian life—a sermon prearhed by on elderly gentleman in a black silk gown* whose eloquence would have been more impressive Had his false teeth been a better fit. Alter the sermon there was a hymn, and the old-fashioned plate was carried round by a blacksmith^ whom Allan recognised as a man who had fastened his hunter s shoo one day at a little forge on the outskirts of FHbuiy, in the midst of a run; and then the little con gregation quietly dispersed, after an exchange of-friendly greetings'between the church door and the lych-gate. Allan's gig was waiting for him near tho gate, and a victoria, on which he recognised the Wornock crest—a dolphin crowned—stood in the shade of a row of. limes, which marked the boundary of the vicarage garden. Allan waited a little, expecting to see Mrs. Wornock come out. and then, as she did not appear,' he re-entered the churchyard, and strayed among moss-mantled tombstones, reading the Tillage names, the village histories of birth and death, musing, as ho read, upon the long eventless years which make up the sum of rustic lives. The blue pure sky, the perfume of a bean field in flower, the hawthorns in undulating masses of snowy blossom, and here and there, in the angles of the meadows, the heaped up gold of fuze bushes that were more bloom than bush—all these mode life to-day a sensuous delight which exacted no questionings of the intellect, suggested no doubt as to the bliss of living. If it were always thus—a crust of bread and cheese under such a sky, a bed in the hollow of yonder bank between the bean field and clover would suffice for a man's content. Allan thought as he stood on a knoll in God's acre, and looked round at the meadows that rose and fell over ridge and hollow, -with gentle undulation between. E3 bury and Discombe. What had become of Mrs. Wornock? He had made the circuit of the burial-ground, pausing often to read an epitaph, but never relaxing his .watchfulness of the carriage yonder, waiting under the limes. . The carriage was there still, and there was no sign of Mrs. Wornock. Was there a celebration ? No; he had seen ell the congregation leave the church, except the mistress of that curtained pew in the corner near tho pulpit. Presently the broad strong chords of a pre lude were poured out upon the still air—a prelude by Sebastian Bach, masterful, imposing, followed by a fugue, whose delicate intricacies were ^exquisitely rendered by the player. • Standing in the sunshine listening to that grand music Auan remembered what Mrs. Morning ton had told him The player was Mrs. Wornock. He had seen the professional organist and schoolmaster leave the ehurch with his flock of village boys. Mrs. Wornock had lingered in the church to gratify herself with the music she loved. He sauntered and loitered near the open window,. listening to the music for nearly an hour. Then the organ sounds melted away in one last long rallentando, and presently he heard the heavy old key turn, in the heavy old lock, and the lady in gray came slowly along the path to the lych-gate, followed by a clumsy boy, who looked like a smaller edition of the blacksmith. Allan stood within a few yards of the pathway to see her go by, hoping to be himself unob served, screened by tho angle of an old monument, where rust had eaten away the railing, and moss and lichen had encrusted the pompous Latin epitaph, while the dense §owth of ivy had muffled the funeral urn. ere, in the shadow of ostentation's futile monument, he waited for that slender and still youthful form to pass. . In figure, the widow of twenty years looked like a girl, and the face which turned quickly towards Allan, her keen ear having caught the rustle of the long grass under his tread, had the delicacy of outline and transparent fairness of youth. The cheek had lost its girlish round ness, and the large gray eye was somewhat 6nnkcn beneath the thoughtful brow. In voluntarily Allan recalled a long familiar line— • " Thy cheek is pale with -thought and not with 'Xnat expression, of tranquil thoognttoiness changed in an instant as she looked at him; changed to astonishment* interrogation, which, gradually softened to a gravb curiosity, an anxious scrutiny. Then, as if becoming suddenly aware of.her breach of good manners, the heavy eyelids sank, and a faint blush coloured the thin checks, and she hurried ou ward to the gate where her carriage had drawn up in readiness for her. Her footman, in a sober brown livery, was holding the gate open for her. Her horses were shaking their bridles. She stepped lightly into the victoria, nodding an adieu to the schoolboy wbo had blown the organ bellows, ana vanished into the leafy distance of the lane. " So that's my double's mother. An inter esting face, a graceful figure, and a lady to the tips of her fingers. "Whether she is county or not county, Geoffrey Wornock has no cause to be ashamed of his mother. Nothing would induce me to think ill of that woman." . He brooded on that startled expression which had flashed across Mrs. WornocVs face as she looked at him. Clearly she, too, had seen the likeness which he bore to her son. "I wonder whether it,pains her to be re minded of him when he is far away," specu lated Ulan, "or whether she feels kmdly towards me for the sake of that absent son r" - This question of his was answered three days later by the lady's own hand. Among the letters on Allan's5breakfast table on Wednes day morning there was one -in a strange pen manship, which took his breath away,' for on the envelope in, bold brown letters, appeared the address, Discombe Honor. [to BE COXTIXBED 2CEXT WEEX.] "As a. Safe, Pebxaxbxt, axz> Wab&ixtes; Cube" for Pimples, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. " It is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical . skill have brought to life." Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Sold every where at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worth less imitations* • 