AUSTRALASIAN ITEMS. IT is probable that the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide will select a clergyman in England as his chaplain The snow which fell on Monday at Korum burra (Vio ) is now thawing, and the perco lationl of ,water through the ground has flooded parls o the Coal Creek mine, and 80 mines cre thrown out of work. A ma-s meeting held at Southerd.Cross (WA ) p.ssed r solution demanding a redie tribu:ion of ceate in Parliament, with four members for Yilgarn. In tleo lupr.me Court of Tasmania sen tences were possed on the prisoners in the Conlac vwill ca.e Fraser, for forgery of a will, weas sentenc-.d to six years; and Mar ney, for uttoring a forged document, received two years The Full Court ,f Victoria dismissed an appeal against the decision of the North Mel bourne justices, by whom it was held that one Leo laurmonr. had not committed a breach of the ,ledical Act by putting the letters "R.'st.D.' and the word "registered" after his name in pamphlets which he had issued. Many ,f the men poisoned at Bowen Downs (Q.) ore still ii a bad state, although most of them are outof danger. Noparticular person s suspected of having ,ut poison into the food. Arseni, was found in the flour and in the sag" pudding. The Railway Inquiry Board of Victoria intend talrig evidence iu various ceuntry districts next reek. The evidence sought will be an the lines of their commission, which is to " inqui o into and report upon the means to bn adooted in order to reduce the annual deficit in the Railway Depart ment, to sive relief to producers without im posing furher burdens on the general revenue, and generally to inquire into and report upon the working of the Victorian railwa3 s." Charles Prederick Gibson has been com mitted for trial in Brisbane, charged with attempted murder. It will be remembered that lIst raourh Gibson out his wife's throat and then out his own throat, but both re covered A serious burning accident occurred at Bendigo this w eo k Mrs. Mackay, the wife of a furoiture maker, attended a skating oarnival, and on leaving the hall trod on a lucifer She w.s dressed in light clothing, representing the hobaractor of " Snow," and it immediately took fire. The flames were soon extinguished, but not before Mrs. Mackay was baaly burned about the arms, obhest, ad face. Mr. George lowr, who conducted the case for defendant in the action hmith v. Syme, states that lIr Syme's costs in the action will he, as nearly as possible, £4000 Of this £1800 goin witnesses' and jurors' fees, while the balance includes the cost of taking evi aence or commission, &o.; The Mackay (Q) police have arrested three Malayta " boys' for a murderous assault on John BRurnS. Other arrests are expected to follow A lad named Birch. 14 years of ageo, was retursing home in Melbourne the other night, and when at a lonely spot near the Pestridge walls an apparition in white made its appe..race. The "ghost" so soared the yoth that he ran to his parents' home, where he was sezed with a fit, and remained un consecinur? for six hours. The Zeehan (Tras.) Board of Health re signed in a body on Tuesday on account of the refusal of the Government to close the oeaspits at the west end of the State school, in accordance with the Local Board of Health Act. The medical officer for the board considers the cesepits a nuisance to the health of the inhabitants of the locality. At the annual meeting of the governors of the Melbourne Hospital the committee of managemenrt reported that for the year ended the 3Ih June the riceipts were £23,070 and the~ exp-diturie £22,241. On Wednesday a deputation from Bendigo waled on th, Victorian Minister for Mines and aseld tha-, as payable gold had been discov, red at the Marong racecourse, the groutd should be made available for the holders of mier's rights. Mr. Foster sympathised with the deputation in its object, and eod he would urge upon his colleagues the neceesity of introducing a bill giving the Minister fir Mines power to throw open any reserves throughout the colony. Dr Youll, the Melbourne Coroner, says that often contradictory evidence is the best evidence. If witness after witness repeated the same story like parrots, he would not believe any of them. A trantaction was recorded on the Adelaide Stock Exchange on tI.onday which is worthy of note Mr. W A. Kingsborough had a property placed in his hands for flotation, and the proprietors stipulated that their offer was oily to be npen for two hours The opi tal required wea £5000. In an hour the full amountr cac secured, which is the loralre cord for floating a ,,ining venture. The pro plrty oost its rf Block 45, better known as Kelly's Viotory, is situated at Hannan's, West Australia, and adjoins the well-known Orcouns minl In connection with the case of two young girls having been taken from a dwelling in one;of the Chinese'slums of Melbourne, two wom-n namnd Bosio Keating and Frances Oros and a bChinese named Mah Tee have been arrest d Keating was aconused of allowing an offence against a girl under 16 years of age to be committed in her house, and Oroas of "' procuring" a girl under 16 years of age for immoral purposes. The eharge agaiost the Chinese was for commit ting an unlawful offence against a girl under 16 y-are of sge. The Minier-r for Lands in Tasmania in do. livering the public works statement, said the outlook for the working man seemed brighter The employment of men other wise uunemloyed on roadmaking had given great a itsf oion, and the prospects of the existing village settlement were hopeful. The oOeeunatio, of land on deferred payments had , en nmarred by the existing depression, many occupants having forfeited through their in bility to continue their payments. Thb mineral output for !894 was the largest yet attained at any period. The railways show a set profic of £21,637; and he antici pated that for the year 1895 the railways woald show a surplus over the working ex penses of nearly £36,000. The total ex yendlture on puhlio works till the end of last year wa- £110,01 1. and the schedule for 1895 showed a total of £45 662. Geroe Dale, who wastravelling with his swag looking for work, had a very rough experience at Port * ugneta (B.A.) this week witb anu oslrich whish hd got out of the osutich farm. The bird rushed him. He aiauagsd t, get hol of the bird's neck, when th.y both fell While down the ostrich hicked Dllte s.everoy in the thigh and groin, tearitg his oltthen considerably. Dale managed to get on his feet, but the bird ru-bhed him nagain. Dale, by using his swarg as.s buffer, managed to keep his assailant off Then the ostrich backed about 10 yards and made a final ebarge, but he ran against the swag This was enough for the bird, who then l.ft.- Dale was admitted to the hospi' al , w?,rs of small tenements in the suburbs of Mlhouarne are ju-t now in a most unfor tunate ts oition from lack of tenants, and additional Iln is incurred from the depreda etonis of rers,,n who destroy fences, doors, and window frames, and carry off the wood work Mr J-hn Nugent, sen., committed suicide at Natha!ia (Vie) on Wednesday. He had been seen aibout the town all the morning chatting with va-ious townsmen and in the best of .pirirs Hieving returned home to his middllay meal ha went to the buggy-shed and drew ont the trap as if preparing for a drive. As he ss.eed to bhe a long time, some one of the fumnily called him to dinner, and getting no reply thry oent to see what was delaying him, und wi-re surprised to find him hanging from the r.oftri 