Wo were very busy at St. Albans Hespital. Nurses and doctors were hard at work from morning till night, and from night till morn ing again. The sovero winter was bringing its usual accompaniments of starvation and sick ness. Hard times and bad living were working havoc among the poor ; tho hospital was full • to overflowing. An unusual number of casualties, at tho same timo, brought stretcher after stretcher to tho accident room. Tho great clock over tho entrance was just striking six asl threw my shawl round me and hastened off across the grounds to tho dis pensary. Running quickly through the snow, I soon arrived at tho door, and was greeted by the customary growl which awaited late comers. “I am sorry I am late in coming for tho stimulants,’* 1 slid, asnoonas X could get my breath. “I could not leave the ward before. Let mo see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, ana littlo No. lG?s port wine ; that is all, I “Anything fresh this aftornoon, Nurse Deaton ?'* inquired tho dispenser, as I busily packed the bottles into my apron pocket, in order to have my hands free tor my shawl. “ Nothing for us,” I answered. “A bad case has just gone up to 4 Alary * Ward. A poor young fellow was brought in this after noon, found dead in too snow—good even ing, ’* and I set off again across the white 1 “Of! duty atsix,^ I said to myself, rb I went. “X would not go oil, only I am so tired, and sister says I must.” At the door I encountered Nureo Flemming, my chum and foliow-nurso, just omorging from tho want, acoompivniod two -women, ” Oil, dearie,” exclaimed Nurse as soon as she saw me, “I am so glad you art eomo, This is the wifo of poor No. 12 who died this morninrr ; elie wishes to see him. I know you are oil duty, dear, but do youmind taking her? I’ve just got a fracture in, and Mrlloopor is waiting to attend to it; thank you.” 1 nodded a cheerful acquiescence, and she turned back to attorn) to her many duties. Taking tho women with me, x went to the room of rho porter who kept the mortuary keys. With many growls ho lighted his lantern and prepared to accom pany us, ns lie was in duty hound to do. He was one of tho many male oflicials of St. Alban’s who considered it right to bo as dis agreeable as possible to the nurses whenever they required his services. so I took no notice of his murmuring;!, hut dovoted my attention to tho poor woman at my side. While she was telling me of tho many virtues of her lata husband, and of tho dark future in store for herself and her eight children, wt arrived at tho door of tho mortuary, heaving us standing there, under a lamp which projeoted from the wall, and which tho portor lit from the llame of his lantern, the man entered alone, in order that he might bring forward from the largo mortuary (he particular body wo wioh to see ; presently l;c opened the door again to admit us. The door by which we entered lod into a tiny chapel. It was here thatthorelativesof tho deceased looked their last upon the pale, sot faces of their departed friends. The body about to be visited was wheeled on a light trolly iuto tho chapel, which was kept very clean, and daily ro-dccked with white flowers. As wo entered, the porter stepped outside to do something to the lamp, which did not bunt properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned back tho sheet from tho poor dead fueo. The two women wore too mueli absorbed— —the one with her grief, and tho other with her sympathy—to take any notice of mo ; so I, remembering a poor littlo waif who had died in my arms a day or two beforo, and thinking I should liko to see him again, for I had grown to love the little, motherless creature, picked up the lantern from tho door, auu went in search of my littlo patient. It was some timo before I found him, and after imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful lace, I went to look at the new post-mortem room, which had latoly been finishe_d and the light ot the'iantorn gleaming weirdly'on the wbito tiles which lined tho walls and iioor, when I suddenly heard a door hang. Without knowing what had happened, 1 shivered with apprehension, and my flesh orept uneasily. In a moment I had flown through tho mortuary and into tho ohapel. Too late ! The door was shut, and all was darkness ! In a moment T kuow what had happened ; the portor, supposing that I had gono and left the visitorn to him, had turned out the gas, locked tho door, and gone away with thorn. Oh.it it was too horrible! I boat on tho door with both my fiats! I raised my voicoin a fear ful scream, but that was worse than tho awful silence, for the hollow walls took up the sound, and the mocking echo came back to me, as if the dead were shrieking in their places'! I sank on my kner-s on the damp stones and covered my face with my hands. Tho building stood far away from any other : tho blustering wind would provent my voice being heard even had I the courago to shout again, which 1 had not; no one wonld be in tho grounds in such weather as this : I should not ho missed. In tho ward I should be supposed, being olf duty, to he in my own room. Nurse Flemming, missing me from the supper table, would imagine that I had gone to bed, and would probably rotire without, as sho thought, disturbing me. What should ldo? What could I do ? To remain there all night seemed impossible, yet how much more impossible to get away. I had always been accounted among my follow nurses as tile most courageous, aud I fear I had been wont to boast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never dreamed of anything like this. To sit among friendly faces in the daylight, or boside a cheery fire, was one thing. To be forced to spend a night alone with tho dead, was another. At length I gathered sufficient courage to turn round and try to realise my position. Oh, how I envied those fortunate mortals who, in moments of danger and dread, can quietly faint away into calm unconsciousness, to recover their senses only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on that cold floor and sleep. Aye ! even if it wa9 the sleep that knows no waking, how gladly would I have done so. Anything rather than remain terror-stricken with these aroadfnl com panions. I glanced at the lantern ; how long would it burn 1 Could I depend on its light lasting till dawn? I looked at tho 1 trolly, with its cold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, 1 orossed the ohapel, and seizing the end of the ghastly carriage, whirled it into the large mortuary. With as much strength as my arms still possessed, I sent it into the darkness, and flew back into tho dimly-lighted chapel, closing the door behind me. Now at least I was alone, with nothing more unearthly than white flowers, and a largo ebony cross, which hung against tho wall. Sinking down into the corner most remote from the inner door, wrapping my shawl closely round my shivering shoulders, I placed the lantern beside me, i and strove vainly to think of pleasant things. I I tried to think of the ward, withits cheer ful fire aud rows of bods with thoir cosy red rugs; of the fun we had had at Christ mas with tho children and tho Christ mas troc; of horiie, with the dear faces I hoped to see when the summer came, and with it the long-anticipated holiday. But all tn vain ! My oyes would keep glancing round at the borrib'e door. My oars would strain themselves to listen for sounds from that silent room. Oh 11 should go mad 1 I could not bear it! How wicked 1 how cruel! that no ono came to seek me. What was that ? The great olock at tho entrance was striking. One ! two 1—but, no seven 1 eight! then silence. Only eight o’clock ] Only two hours sinoel ran through the gar den to fetch stimulants 1 Almost involuntarily I slipnod my hand into my apron pocket. Yes, there were the two bottles, carefully wrapped ronud with my handkerchief, as I had put them. For a moment a ray of hope darted across my mind; surely, when the bottles were. iiijrrf frnm ttiiir nl—ai—lliMMIM I made, and I nhonld bo sought for. But a moment's reflection brought back tho old. deapur. It was not ai: unheard-ot thing in those busy times for tho dispensary to be for gotten until the door was locked and tho dispenser gone. Mixtures and medicine would bo loft on the little shelf outside, bat not the stimulants—and Sister, with a o'igb at the forgetfulness of her nurses, would serve the patients from the stock bottles, tvnd no thought would be directed to me. Whether I foil asleep or not 1 have never since been able to determine, but when I roused from tho semi-consciousness ini« which I had fallen, several hours appeared to have elapsed. Instead of the dim light of the 1 lan torn at my side, the chapel was flooded with silver moonlight. In spite of my thick shawl, I was fearfully cold and cramped with Jean j ing so long against the chilly stones. I was ? aware that something had routed me ; eoma thing besides moonlight and discomfort. A glance at the skylight overhead showed me the moon sailing calmly through the dark, blue vault of heaven, surrounded by fleecy clouds ; and, even as I looted and listened, the great clock struck two. For nearly six hours I had lain unconscious in that awful place. The fact did not tend to bring mo comfort ; I felt eick and ill, my limbs ached ; tho black cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against tho whitewall. Oh, to die and forget everything ! What was j that? A Round !— a eroan ! Oh! Heaven I coming from tho other side of that inner door ! I had risen to my feot, but now I sank hack, frozen with horror, into the sheltering cornor. For a few moments silence, then it came again. I listened—a low, long moan— but to my confused brain it was not the hollow, unearthly groan of the stage ghost such *.7o aro wont to associate with rattling i chains und lurid blue Bra, but rather the I groan o£ a human creature in pain. A.n noon mind, my courage returned. All my nurse like instincts a a mo to my aid. | The thought that a living human being was near, much more a fellow-creature who needed help, filled me with nuw energy, and I rose and took op my lantern. What I expected to find I hardly know: perhaps some workman who had been assisting with the new building had fallen asleep, or been overcomo with drink, and shut in, like my self, through misadventure. How improbable a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur to mo until long afterwards, and I opened tho door and iookod into the dark interior. At the sound of the opening door tho groan ing censed, and for awhile 1 stood uncertain which direction to telco. Presently a movement at the further 'end decided mo, and I made my way slowly round the stone ledges, casting the light of the lantern, on the ground as I went. Ho Bign of a human figure could I see. No British workman’s recumbentform gladdened my eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. Oh heavens ! what was that 1 Close beside me, not yet placed in a shell, but lying on the stone slab, lay a long, still figure. Still 1 Oh, horror ! As 1 looked, unable to stir, I saw the white sheet that covered it movo—a long, thin hand pushed itself from beneath and almost touched me. All my former ex perience waa nothing to this. In a moment the fingers had pulled the sheet from the face, and a pair ot dark eyes grn-.ad into IIow long 1 stood thus I shall never know. At length, a long, quivoriug sigh from the white lips called me to myself and I gathered courage to bend over and touch the prostrate form. Enough 1 The spell was broken ! I knew that this was no time to hesitate—no time to give way to womanish fears. I toot the cold hand in mine. “ Do not fear,” I said, in as calm a voice as I oouhl command, 111 will do all I can for you," and inking the shawl from my shoulders I folded it round the shivering form. Iustinctively I remembered the bottles in, my pocket, and drawing them forth dropped a little brandy between tho chatter ing teeth. After a while the returning color in tho lip.", tho increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my efforts had not been in vain. Oh, if I could only summon aid ; but that was impoEsiblo ! If I could keep life in my companion, my patient, until help arrived, fortunately my shawl was a large, warm one; fortunately, old Ho. 20 had not looked round the dim place, hiB_ face full ot surprise—and no wonder, for his surround ings had, to say tho least, an unusual appearance. I did not think it wise or necessary to explain matters inoro than to tell him he was in St. Alban's Hospital, and would soon doubtless be well. He told me what I had already guessed, that in travel ling on foot through tho snow ho had been overtaken by intense fatigue, and being un able to overcomo tho drowsiness ho knew well might he fatal, he had fallen asleep. 11 It’s a wonder I'm not dead,” he concluded, and I made no answer. I had been so absorbed in my work that I had taken no account of tho hours as they wont by, until now I heard the clock ring out six ! Oh, the joy of that souud 1 We kept early hours at St Alban’s, and at six o’clock wu were expected to riso. I should be missed, sought for, and found ! I was shivering and sick. Tnc man had fallen into a dose, irom which I could not find it in my heart to rouse him, lonely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it was l My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How long would it be beforo they found me 1 Would they seek long before they thought of the mortuary V Would they think of the mortuary at all ? How all these thoughts tormented me, chasing each other through my aching brain until, at last, a sound of a koy turning in tho lock—the voice of my dear nurto and companion saying in be wildered tones, “ She cannot be here,porter.’’ Then the whole place spun round, and 1 saw and heard no more. It was iong before I returned to my work. Pneumonia set in, and tor weeks 1 was too ill to leave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they were pleased to call my bravery. My patient, I learned, bad recovered, and waa full of gratitude for hi. strange rcsouo from an untimely end. The ca60 of “ suspended animation ” was much talked of among the doctors, and the medical papers took it up with interest. “ A: o<i saved, his life, you know,” said the nurEes to me, apparently to console mo for my unpleasant experiences ; and tho patient himself haB told me tho same thing a hundred times since that day, fori am now his wife. "Strand jaagazme. 