TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. " 5Iy man, do you want a berth ?" said he. " A>e, aye, c.ppen,'' said I. " I want one badly- I'm half-starved and hall-frozen." He made no answer, but just a sign to follow him, and hes'alked aw;iy and I pegged after him. lie kepi close along the shore as we walked, and tor a while he said nothing. At last, however, he turned and pointed seaward. 4 4 You see th-it K' snidie. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. 4 1 I'm the k< eper/'saiil he. 4 'I want you to cook my meals and keep my bachelor's hall for me. Now and then 1 shall want you to row in Ind buy piovisions. The Tvork won't be hard, a think the pay will suit you. Do you know tvhj 1 chose you ? " 4 4 No, cappen," said I. " Beceuse I saw that hope was at an end with you," he said. 4 ' It's only a man who had come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse." , 4 I was on a desert island once," said I. ''After that I shan t be afraid of a lighthouse." I'd been in a lighthouse before; it was no new thing to me hut after I'd been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like b:-ing pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came night, and the wind began to moan about the lighthouse, aud the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the .sound we heard was the swash, swash, swosh of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called me to sit along with him. Tliat looked sociable, but I cau't say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting it again. Then said lie : 4 4 What's your name ?" •' Ben Date," said I. " Would you mind calling yourself Brace ?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," said I. "Look here," said he, "I am a gentleman born mid bred. I never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I mean. If »ny strangers come out here to ask for William Br est*, why, you can say you are the msn. You claim to be lighthouse-keeper. It's easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but I choose not to see them, if they do. That'd what I hired you for." 4 *Oh," said I. " You see," said he, 4< I got this place through a lieh in:m who hue! influence. Those who gave it to me never saw me If I die some day,why, here you are in the place. IF I go eiff, and I muy, here you are still until then. I'll pay you well, and ion know your duties." Well, it's shamming,'" said I, V hut, after all, what does one care what my name is, and what shall I calhyou?" 4 4 4 Call me nothing," "said he. 4 Call me Captain, as you did when I met you, but never spe-ak of me to any one." Gentleman or no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. The lamps w< re as bright as jewels. Ther« wasn't a speck of dii-t in the whole lower But let any boat come nigh us, away he went and hid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and a shaking hand. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder aud turn white as we btood Wether At last he took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low veiice : 4 4 Brace, do yGU believe in ghosts ?" 4 < I havu't considered the question," I answered. 4 4 Well," said h>", s. ftlier than before, "look into that corner,"' anil h« poioie.i. I loc-ked. " Don't you see anything be asked. "N(j,"'said;J; "'to, Cappen." .. " Ah,"" he muttered, "very well, very well. I'm glad you de>n't." But that wasn't- nothing to what happened the very next night. We si- pt in two bu:-ks I nigh each other, anel naturally when he woke j up with a yell I woke, too.' He was shrieking j and shaking and wringing his hands. ; • 4 The woman ! the woiuaa ! " he said. " She stood Ler just now, all red with blood, it dripped dotrn the white ruffles. It drip; ed on her bands. Stop her! stop he-r! She has gone to call them. Stop her! stop her I - ' 4 4 Where elid she go ?"' I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below and above. 4 4 She couldn't have been here," said he. " It was a dream." 4 4 Lord love you—a nightmare," said I. So we went^asleep.again. . But'I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cappt-n, as I called him, got to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fetch the doctor, but he would not hear of it He raved if I tried to-leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night. About dark the Cappen went to-sleep, and I went and sat where I could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I cotdd hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their fe»reign lingo. And. I was sort of;, quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and sudden. Something was standing on the steps below me, some-thing came toward me. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about its shoulders. I couldn't see its face. I don't think I really saw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white rufih d gown, and that she had gone to the room where my master lay. I shook too hard for a moment to move ; but as soon as 1 exmld I started up to go' to him. Just then a voice cried: 4 4 Lighthouse, ahoy I" I answered. "Aye, aye," and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat lay at the Foot of the steps, and four : men jumped out of it. "We want William Brace, keeper of this !ighf;bousCi" said one, a b : g man in a linen overcoat. " I'm one that answe rs to the name." says I." He swung a lante rn over my head. 4 4 Search the place, my men," said he. There was no use saying anything, but I did try to stop them. " I've got a sick friend aloft," says I. " Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he's so low." 4 4 What woman ? " said ho. 4 1 The one that came aboard with you, said I. " No woman came with us," he snarled. "Staud aside. Men, do your duty." The:y went uj st-iirs. I followed. I saw them walk into -the Cappen's room. I heard them ciy out and stand still. When I got to the door thi y stood in a row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman coulelu't frighten the Cappeu more. He was dead. "What had he done ?" I asked the oSicer. '• Killed his wife," said he, " that's all. No doubt she dt served it; but it's not allowed by law when they do." " God help him," said I. 