'Short. Sharp, Shiny.11 . Accord. Ethel—" Allow me to congratulate you on your engagement before you go. Tell me how" it came about ? I thought you intended re maining single?" The Baron—"Yes, certainly; but we met the other day at a ball. She is young and pretty; I got into conversation, and—only think !—she confessed that she too had decided to remain single; Impossible to imagine greater harmony of disposition—and so we were 'Zoo. .Theatre. • VRizpah." Madagascar. A cruel hoax. Police pay day. British politics. Mr.- Arthur Dacre. Miss Amy Jtoselle. Capture of a ghost.' ' "Esther Sandrez." "A Scrap of Paper." •_ " Beautiful.Britain." A bequest for masses. Antarctic exploration. Hovas suing for peace. The fight with the fire. A zoological collection. Leprosy in Queensland. The South mine disaster. The death of Ernest Gill. The Hew Zealand budget. , Another rush in the west. McEvoy mining fatalities. \- . Hew South Wales politics. Death of an old Victorian. "Woman's crowning glory." " Sights of Pome" to-morrow* Incendiarism at Warrnambool. "The Mystery of Turlcentyne." The great fire still smouldering. v Criminal and destitute children. ' A solicitor suspended in Melbourne. Mr. J._C. P.; Johnson off to Europe. "Victoria expects a surplus next year. The Burley will case is still proceeding. Work to be resumed at the Proprietary. .. Combating a hidden foe' at Broken Hill. -Biitish consuls in danger-in Madagascar. A new line of reef discovered in the west. The Proprietary is a resourceful company. The monthly procession of police this morn ing. • f A capital programme, to-m'ght at the Town Hall. \- An advance in prices at the recent wool sales. ... ■ Carbonic acid gas prepared for use at the big mine. Farewell dinner to Sir Thomas Powell Buxton. The Police Band made the streets lively this morning. . _ Half-yearly meeting of the Union Bank held m London. • y The fourth series of the London wool sales nas closed. ' Parts III. and TV. of "Beautiful Britain" still on sale. • A' "cave" threatened in the English Conser vative party. The accumulated deficit of Victoria amounts to £3,179,620. Another West Australian' mine on' the London market. The Reformatory case has ended in a verdict for the appellant. Our Boys' Institute is doing a good work amongst the boys.', ; The Rev. J. Price is progressing favorably •f towards recovery. The Hew. South Wales Parliament is to meet on August 13. The Victorian Treasurer is hopeful. He . y savs the worst is past. , , ' • Our Boys'Tnstitiito "seventh' anniversary at the Town Hall to-night. Mr. J"ohnson bids farewell temporarily to the electors of Onkaparinga. • A long meeting of' the Hew South "Wales Cabinet was held on Tuesday. Detective Roche acquitted on a' charge of feloniously slaying Ernest Gill. . '_The'Victorian budget was presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday. The Epping Forest Committee have ban queted Sir Thomas Powell Buxton. ■ The Pastoral Bill engaged most of the time of the House of Assembly on Tuesday afier ' noon. The complete story for next Saturday's Ex press is entitled "The Mystery of Turken tyne." , _ An international agreement arrived at con cerning the exploration of the Antarctic regions. . Mr. Ward, brought up_ the "Victoria-square moment in the Legislative Council on Tuesday. . . Trcas"rer to lecture before the Chamber, of Commerce regarding the State Advances Bill. The conflict of political parties assumes many phases, and Mr. Kingston is in the thick of it everywhere. , Gymnastics, dissolving views, and exhibition of noys work at the Town Hall should be well patronised to-night. There is no, doubt that Sir Joseph Abbott wdl be re-elected Speaker of the Hew South Wales House of Assembly. J Mr. Ward has; explained in the House of Representatives, Hew Zealand, the proposed treaty with South Australia. • _ The whole of the official staff of the Union Bank have voluntarily accepted a reduction of • 10 per cent, m their salaries." The Conservatives intend to oppose the re election of Sir William Court Gully to the Speakership of the House of Commons. Hext Saturday's Prepress- will contain a complete story, written by Julian Hawthorne, author of "Sebastian Strome," "Fortune's Fool," &c.; . ' - : An assorted consignment of representatives' of natural history arrived by the British-India Company's - steamer Muttra at Port Adelaide from Calcutta on Tuesday. -The inaugural meeting of the Australasian .federation League of South Australia, which is to be'held in the Town Hall to-morrow evening, promises to be an unqualified success. When the Premier talked of public interests and law reform Sir John Downer sneered at his noble sentiments," and Mr. Kingston retorted with a sneer about the Opposition leader s noble order" -of knighthood. Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, the Governor designate of-South Australia, who has held the appointment of verderer of Epping Forest smce 1S78, has been entertained at. a farewell dinner by the Epping Forest Committee. • When Mrs. Holden cut Miss Turner's hair she did the young girl a great wrong. This : was in substance the opinion of the Banco Court on Tuesday when they dealt with that branch, of the celebrated [Reformatory case. 