PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. j HOBART, Thursday. Tbe attendance in the House of Assembly to-nigbt to hear the Financial Statemcat delivered by the Hon. the Treasurer was not so large as might have been expected. The delivery occupied the Minister two hours and thirty-five minutes, but so interesting was the matter compiled by the Treasurer that the House did not appear to be weary throughout. There is no denying the fact that the production was a masterpiece, dealing, as it did, with statistics on a most elaborate scale, and as a record will prove most valuable to students of matters political. The attention of the House was well main tained throughout, interjections being very few, and members evidently taking a deep interest in the subject. The references of the Treasurer to the way in which the colony passed through the truog ordeal of^ 1898 met with the de cided approval oi the House, and when he alluded to the retrenchment cfiected mem bers loudly applauded. The proposal to afford opportunity for investment of money locally, of sums ranging from £50 up wards, was loudly cheered. The advance ment made in mining generally was a source of gratification ; but. some surprise wbb ex pressed at the absence of any reference to the Western mine on the West Coast, which is the only one on the dividend list. After the House rose an informal meeting of the Opposition party was held ; but owing to the lateness of the hour, and the paucity of the attendance, nothing definite was done. Possibly another meeting will be held on Tuesday. Ministerial. — Our Hobart corres* poodent wired last night : — The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) will be in Launccston to-morrow, and between the arrival of the express from Hobart and his departure for Lciib by the 8'I5 p.m, train will be ready to attend to any public business that may require his attention. New Business. — Mr C. H. Harris, who has been so long and favorably known aB the station-master at Evand≤ Junction, notifies that he has purchased the wholesale and retail business so successfully carried on at WcBtbury by Mr Albin Hunt for many years past. The new proprietor will con tinue to cater for tbe Wcstbury and sur rounding districts as a general trader, and be asks tbat he may be accorded a continu ancc of the support given to Mr Hunt, who I is retiring from business. I Alleged Larceny. — A young man named Percy King, 23 years of age, was arrested yesterday by Detective 6ergeant Drannan and Sergeant Bain on a charge of having Stolen a lady's silver watch and gold chain, tho property of Annie Huthawav. The accused will appear at the Police Court to-day. Microscopical Clur. — The monthly meeting of the Microscopical Club was held yesterday evening at Mr W. F. Pctterd's residence. The subject for the eveniug's study was 'Raphidts and other plant organs.' Mr Pctterd's tine collection was available for examination. Some plant sections prepared and stained by members of the club were exhibited, and a choice lens by Zeiss, of Jena, obtained through Messrs. Watson and Sons, Melbourne, was on view. Travellers.— Mr John Gourlay and his comedy company returned lo Victoria by s.s. Patcena yesterday. Mr K. L. Murray, consulting electric light engineer, returned to Melbourne pers.fi. Patcena. Coort or Requests. — The July sitting of the Court of Requests will be held at the Court House, Patterson-street, on Tuesday next, before the Commissioner (Mr E. Whil feld). The following is the cause list : — Adjourned— John Connell v. Wm, J. Richardson, goods sold, £3 3s ; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, Martin and Hobkirk for defendant. New causes— Isaac E. and Henry W. Chapman (trading as the A.A. Guano Company) v. Geo. Deas Inglis, goods sold, £1 10s ; Archer and Clemons lor plaintiffs, S.tkceand Ferguson for defendant. J. J. Doolan v. John Pinner, commission, £1 ; Shields and Douglas for plaintiff, defendant in pcrsou. Emanuel Hopkins v. George llueselh commiRRion. £H 10s ; Martin aud Hobkirk for plaintiff, Mr Tvson for defend ant. John M'Kinnon v. Thomas Boyd, Wm. Hv. Knight, and Fredk. Howes, work and labor, £3 Ss 9d ; Mr Hill for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for defendants. Margaret Parker v. John Mathews, work done, £2 4s lOd ; Mr Hill for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for Ocfcndant. Pepper and Perrin v. David l'owell, goods sold, £0 Is 9d ; Martin and Hobkirk for plaintiff, defendant in person. Ronald W. Smith, W. P. M'Mahon, and Thomas Sharpe v. F. C. Parsons, work and materials, 10a Gil ; Shit-Ids and Douglas for plaintiffs, defendant in person. F. Staniield v. J. M'Crutchley, goods sold, £1 12s Cd; Mr Powell for plaintiff, defendant in person. A. Btephcuson v. Jlarry White, goods sold, £4 lHs lid; Mr Tyson for plaintiff, Martin and Hobkirk for defendant. O. R. Suitor v. John Undcrhill, rent, £S ; Martin and Hobkirk for plaintiff, defendant in person. John Walter Walkem v.Thomas Smith, rent and damages, lis; plaintiif in person, de fendant in person. ' He Ernest Hobking aio- the Smbit World. — HlneeMr Ernest Hosking has given his stances at the Mechanics* Institute, and openly avowed that the figures on tho plat form representing ' Geordie,' ' Oissie,' and 41 Josephine ' were produced by means of conjuring, a rumor has been circulated that he is in league with the spirit world. How ever ridiculous the suggestion is, there are those la the community credulous enough to suppose ttihta good medivm can invoke aid from departed' and disembodied M spooks ' to amose,oratleast- ftttfprise, the average person who watohes tbe phenomena. The success which attended Mr Hosking's exposure of the 2£ellon fraud should be sufficient guarantee of bis honafi/UfitwiQh were seeded. There oan be no possible doubt, that although Mrs Mellon was supposed to have influenced the Shades of persons who had quitted tills aphere j oi naelolecBS for another world, and thai so i perfect Were her manifestations that she for some .time successfully impo0od upon tbe j ifrt6llifeenCe of many influential residents of Svdngyf' Wh6 were granted to have superior minds totfitote'df tho ordinary mortal, her 1 plans were evefrtikU^f completely upset, and it wbb undeniably A&tfh; that her manifesta tions were simply the of trickery. So tbat there may now be rt# farther miscon ception about tho spirits wliftjli1 have been shown by Mr Hosking, whicb affe gtoted to be identical with the substantia? . ghosts shown at the Mellon seanees, he intends to give a farewell entertainment at the AcadeiT1.? of Music next Monday night, whicb will I more dearly demonstrate tbe method he has I of deceiving his audience, and set all minds atfetft. fie wili, it is aald, show. conclu- sively thrtt he . has no connection with the supernatural, but prodnoe the same effect by trickery as those 4rho profess to be aided by the spirits who inhabit! tfhe anseen world. Mr Hosking and Miss Fitz-fidy will leave for Melbourne next Tuesday. Remnant Sale.— Owing to the brisk business which has been carried on at Messrs. Oraw Btob. and Creed's drapery : cfrtablishme&t.; Charles-street, lately, there i had teen, a large accumulation of rem- | nan& $o., effect a clearance the firm J ?has decided bold a two days'' sale — j to-day aud to-niWttrtf when the lengths1 offered will tc dispflSstt oi at cxcecd-. ingly low prices, eo tbat ptiryhascra may ' secure genuine bargains. J A Cheap Sale. — Mr H. ThompMtt, draper and clothier, Brisbane and Georee streets, announces to-day tbat be will com mence a fourteen days1 sale to-morrow. All goods are promised to the public at greatly reduced prices, which will render it a ! genuine sacrifice on his part, and give tbe purchasers tbe benefit of ' astounding bar gains.' MKTEo&oi.n-;?icJAff Stations. — Mr Cle ment L. Wragge, the Queensland Govern ment Meteorologist, is £till busy in tbe Colony taking observations concerning the weather prospects and establishing petty observatories at tbe most suitable places. To-day he will return to Launceston from Swansea, and early to-morrow morning be : will leave lor Low Head in the steam tug ; Wybia, returning to the city the same even I in£, and proceeding to Hobart by tbe mail train, jlc will then go round to Eddystonc before the termination oi bit Tasmanian tout. 1 Thkre is good reason for the popularity of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Davis and Busard, of West Monterey, Clarion Co., Pa., say : ' It has cured people that our , physicians could do nothing for. Wc per- | Buadcd them to try a bottle of Chamber lain's Cough Remedy, and thoy now recom mend it with the rest of us.' For sale by all dealers.— Hattok A5P Laws, Genera) | Agents. | Mr N. Pereson, 'the celebrated job draper,* pharles-street, is offering ' wonder ful value' iti bankrupt drapery and clothing. A price list of fidflit oi the lines appcara in the advertising columns io'dar* 