ARCHBISHOP IRELAND ON THE BIBLE: What It Is and What It Has Done. "GIVE ME JESUS, HIS CHURCH, HIS BIBLE." In the early part of February Archbishop Ireland preached to a congregation which crowded the great Cathedral of St. Paul to the doors, on " The Bible: What is it, and what has it done ?" WHAT THE BIBLE IS. His Grace said:—The Bible! My soul goes out to it in love, gratitude, reverence, worship. It is indeed the Bible—the book of books. The voice of the Great Master of the universe speaks to me through its pages; its light illuminating the religious and moral world, radiates from His own Divine face; the sweetness which it distils is the tenderness of His own fatherhood. Written in it are my hopes for time and eternity. It is God's message to me, tel ling of my Maker and of my relations to Him, marking my road to bliss, sustaining me on earth in trial and suffering, until the goal beyond heaven's portals is reached They who insult the Bible insult what is best in me and dearest to me ; they inBult my aspirations and my hopes; they insult my God, and I were a traitor to myself and to Him, were I not ready to defend it, even to the sacrifice of my life. In speak ing mine, I have spoken your profession of faith, my Christian brethren, and as.we take the Bible, so does world-wide Christendom take it, and so it has for two decades of centuries. The Bible is in possession: Christendom is its kingdom; Christian civilization is its flower and fruitage. Back of it rise the centuries, giving to it plenary loyalty, and receiving from it their highest thoughts and their most sacred affections. The Bible imposes itself with all the weight of Christian history and Christian civilization. The burden of proof rests upon those who contradict the Bible, who deny its authority and power. Clear and potent should be the arguments that could dethrone it from the pedestal of glory where centuries have placed it. The enemies of the Bible have been heard, What are their weapons of attack ? Denials and assertions, arguments totally beside the question, misstatements and miscon ceptions, I give no consideration to loud tone, and to vulgar sneer ; so apt, however, to catch the atten of the unwary and the weak-minded. The Bible an inspired book! Why, that means that there is a God. But there is no God " God' is a guess." It is well that the statement has been made. The dnpl of God and the denial of ' the 'Bible go together; the one proceeding from the other. But God' is, and a denial of His being is a denial of your own mind, which, if recognised in any measure, compels you to confess God. A famed modern thinker, Max Muller,-wrote a few days ago in the Nineteenth Century that he cannot be an Agnostic. " After thousands of years of physical and metaphysical research/' he says, " we can say no more than that there is Nous, that there is mind and reason in nature. Sa Majeste le Hasard (chance) has been dethroned in scientific studies, and neither natural selection, nor struggle for life, nor the influences of environment, nor any other aliases of it will account for the Logos, the thought, which with its thousands eyes looks at us through the transparent curtain of nature, and calls for thoughtful recognition from'the Logos within us. If any philosopher can per suade himself that the true and well ordered genera of nature are the result of mechanical causes, whatever name he may give them, he moves in a world altogether different from my own." The supreme mind is God; and, He living and reigning, the Bible is possible. It purports to be a direct revelation from God to the world of men. Cannot the mind who made the universe and constituted it in the har monies of law, speak to us through manifestations other than the ordinary ones of nature ? Is it not, even, an antecedent probability that He will speak to us through manifestations supernatural and extraordinary, since the ordinary ones do not, in matters vital to us, satisfy the questionings of our minds and the thirst ing^ of our hearts ? We can never be made to believe that the sky is so leaden that a message from the Ruler of Nature cannot come to us that the goodness and truth which nature makes us attribute to Him cannot in direct scintillations light and sweeten our darkened and desolate souls. God is no guess, and a revelation is no absurdity. THE CREDIBILITY OF THE BIBLE. The Bible a book to be read and believed! Why, it is replete with stories of miracles, and a miracle is impossible. " A miracle is the badge and brand of fraud. No miracle was ever performed. No intelligent, honest man ever pretended to perform a miracle, and never will." But miracles are possible, aye, antecedently probable. On what reasonable grounds, we ask, will it be said that the Supreme Mind, from whom all beings in nature receive their energies, has no energy of His own, and is impotent at any moment of time to exer cise it to do within His realm what His lowliest subjects may do ? It is Professor Tyndall who writes :—' It is no departure from scientific method to place behind natural phenomena a universal Father, Who, in answer to the prayers of His children, alters the currents of these phenomena. Thus far, theology and science go hand in hand." Of course, Mr. Tyndall asserts that we fail in the verifica tion of miracles, but he confesses that there is no unreasonableness in supposing them, and this is what we contend for at the present moment. Miracles, we add, are antecedently probable, as is a direct revelation from God, which, if it happens, demands the attestation of miracles. Mere assertions are of no value; cast against the Bible they are pebbles hurled against the walled city, and denote the weakness and rabid hatred of the assailant. It is said, " Moses pretended that he was instructed and assisted by Jehovah; the Hebrews in his time had no written language; they could neither read nor write; we know that the Book of Eccle siastes was written by an unbeliever; we know that the Book of Exodous was written by savages; we know that the story told is impossible, and that the miracles were never performed; the fact of the Ascension of Christ was not claimed by his disciples; Matthew, Mark, and Luke knew nothing of the Atonement." All mere assertions. Assertions are easily made; they are as easily denied. The Bible is unhurt by them. The insult offered to hearers, whom these assertions are expected to con vince, remains. There is nothing in books of the Bible, we are told, that suggests the idea of inspiration; there is no way to prove the fact of inspiration. But there is a way to prove the inspiration of any book and of all the books of the Bible. It is the way which we have to prove Christ and His Church. The Bible means Christ and the Church ; Christ and the Church mean the Bible. The Bible, Christ, and the Church stand or fall together. Tou shall not separate any one book of our Bible from the - whole Bible, nor the whole Bible, from Christ, nor Christ and the Bible from Christ's Church. They are together one and the self-same Divine dispensation. It is objected that the authors of many books of the Bible, or of parts of certain books, are unknown; that no certain date can be assigned for the composition of many-of the books, and that there Was not always through history a uniformity of judgment as to what books were or were not inspired. And what'if all this be true ? We take the books of the Bible as Christ and His Church gave them to us; and on the authority of Christ and His Church we accept the books of the Bible as an inspired record of Divine revelation. . Questions of authorship and dates we deal with' on grounds of historical criticism upon which we fear not to enter; with the seekers.of historic truth, be . they believers or un believers. Know, us for what we are, and what we contend for, and the.shafts of war will not miss so widely the mark. You deny that the Bible is Divine because you say it is a book which never could have come from God, as we must conceive of' Him,1 if weadihifc alt ajl 'His existence. Misstatements and "misconceptions ire the alignments -of- ■ ?ilible -haters. ' Misstate ments! Theworddoes honor oVer mucb to asSertionsof this-kind""Rie Bible iB the enemyofart ;the Bible upholds lying; laroency; robbery, :murderi . the; selling of diseased meat to strangers, the.sacrifice of human beings to Jehovah.. It teaches the duty of human sacrifice, the sacrifice of babes. It makes maternity an offence for which a sin-offering had to be made." And these misstatements are made publicly in enlightened America, and Americans are found who applaud them. They are per verse readings of texts bo obvious in mean ing that misconception of them is criminal Does the Bible, I ask, condemn art because it forbids the making of graven images for the purpose of idol- worship, as the words of Exodus plainly mean ? Are infants sacri ficed to Jehovah because the law bids the dedication of them in the Temple and the redemption of them, by offering of lambs and doves ? Is the selling of an animal dying of itself, as it might happen in divers manners without the presence of dangerous and contagious disease, the selling of " diseased meat" ? Is maternity made an offence because under the Mosaic code, dealing largely in details of outward life, a form of legal uncleanness is con sidered to follow parturition ? The Bible, the book of ages and of Christian civiliza tion, deserves at least to be treated in truthfulness. god's revelation evolutionary. The Bible is a book of religion and moral righteousness ; it is not a book of human industry, of science, of finance, of civil government. Is it not the absurdity of absurdities to blame it for not teaching how to cultivate the earth, to build houses, to weave cloth, to construct bridges and ships, to paint pictures and chisel statues ? The Bible is not a text-book on material progress. Of course, for a materialist and an Agnostic there is nothing higher or better than matter, and the book which lifts up towards God and the plane of a heavenly life is to no purpose. But all humanity is not of earth earthy, and there is room among men for a book whispering to us lessons of God and His kingdom. It is an unworthy conception of God to imagine that a revelation from Him will bear on mere material matters, for which nature already furnishes us sufficient equipment. The Bible, I have said, is a book of religion and righteous conduct— teaching spiritual truth, imposing precepts, lifting men above passion and sin. The light, however, coming from its successive revelations was progressive in its efful gence. God's revelation was at first as day's early dawn, suiting the weakness of intellect and will, gradually becoming brighter as recipient generations were pre pared for warmer and more luminous rays, until noon-day brilliancy was attained. God's work in the spiritual, as in the natural life of humanity, was evolutionary. Wis revealed law was in accordance with men's social condition, which it was con tinuously lifting upward, without, how ever, urging it to sudden and irregular leaps. The Mosaic code permitted slavery and polygamy. Many of its enactments, its criminal procedure, its policy towards neighboring peoples in peace or in war; suited early stages of civilization, and are far below the standard which Christian nations must adopt. When the laws and customs of the Israelites are viewed under their proper aspect, in their time and place, there is no cause for opprobrious words like " cruelties," " blood-thirstiness," and " barbarities." It is asked, Why was not revelation full and perfect at once ? The answer is, God's wisdom is not as the wisdom of men, fitful, impatient, and nar row in its bearings. Eternity belongs to Jehovah, and He works in it as suits His eternal purposes. View not the deficiencies, which we explain from the social conditions of the Hebrews, but the excellencies of the Old Testament, which are not explained except by the finger of God guiding the people. While all other nations professed polytheism and bowed to idols, the Hebrews rose rapidly to the highest and purest monotheism. Learned Egypt adored animals and plants; cul tured Greece and powerful Home built altars to the fabled deities of Olympus; but Israel knew only Jehovah, Whose name, " I am who am," revealed sublime conceptious of the Creator which the highest philosophy of a Plato or a Socrates never attained. And the ethics of the Bible ! Jehovah, the Master and model, was infinite purity: while Phoenicia adored Astarte, Greece and Eome burned incense to Priapus and Venus, and deified the giant criminals of their history. The Ten Commandments may be discovered sparsely distributed through writings of Oriental and Grecian philo sophers. Moses alone codified them clearly and authoritatively in the name of the Supreme Being, and only among the Hebrews were they a living, practi cal law. How did it happen that a small nation without outside power or fame, surrounded" by pagan and corrupt peoples, alone preserved monotheism and the worship of pure altars—alone of all the nations of the earth ? Because they hafi the Bible, and Jehovah watched over them. The record of God's dispensation oftentimes goes onward, side by side, with the doings of men. The Old Testament is the story of Israel, of Israel's God and of Israel's people, the latter often departing from the ways of their God, imitating the Gentiles, disobeying their own laws, sinning, repenting, and sinning again. Care must, be taken when we begin to criticise that we do not lay to the blame of Jehovah and His inspired Bible the crime* fc&djfolUes; £>f jnen, £>f Patri archs, and of kings, which were contrary to Jehovah's will and to the law and spirit of the Bible. This is a frequent mistake of unbelief. LEO'S WORDS ON HOLY WRIT. As to supposed errors of science and history in the Bible, and contradictions between narratives of the different writers, I quote from the Encyclical of the Pope on the scripture" The sacred writers, or, to speak -more accurately, the Holy Ghost, Who spoke by them, did not . intend to teach man these things ; that is to say, the essential nature of things of the visible universe, things in no way profitable unto salvation. They did not seek to penetrate the secrete of nature, but rather describe them, and dealt at times with things in more or less figurative language, or in terms which were commonly used at the time, and which in many instances are in daily use to-day even by the most eminent men of science. Ordinary speech primarily and properly describes what comes under the senses, and the sacred writers put down what God, speaking to men, signified in the way men could understand and were accustomed to." Add to these words the facts that the books of the Bible were written long ago, in ages of which the metaphors and figures of speech are unfamiliar to us; that these books have passed through the hands of an untold number of transcribers and transla tors, consciously and unconsciously careless in minor matters; add the fact that the Bible embraces all forms of literature, the strict history, the moral instruction, the allegory, and it will be easily seen that careful study and dispassionate judgment are required before sentence can be passed upon it and its true purport proclaimed. (To be concluded in our next) 