SONS OF FIRE BY MISS BRADDON. \ ALB RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued). " 'You were happy -while the music last ed,' I said, as we walked back to Ormond- streot by a longish round, for I choso the GUietest streets rather tjiau tho nearest way. " 'More than happy.' she answered, soft ly. 'I was talking with my father's spirit.' " 'You still believe in the communion of the dead and the living.' L said, 'in spite of the trick your German friends played upon you?' " 'Yes,' sho answered, steadfastly. 'I still believe. I shall always believe there is a bridge between earth and heaven— between the world we can see and touch and tho world we can only feel with our hearts and minds. When 1 hear music like that wo heard just now— those long-drawn singing notes on the violin, those deep organ tones of the 'cello— I feel myself carried away into a shadowy world, where I know my lather and mother arc waiting for inc. Wo shall all bo together again some day. and I shall know and understand, and 1 shall feel her soft touch upon my forehead and my hair, as I have felt it so often in. my dreams.' "She broko down, crying softly as she walked by my side. I soothed her as well as I could, soothed her most when I talked of those she had lost, questioned hereabout them. She remembered her mother dimly — a long, last illness a pale and wasted faco, and gentle hands and loving arms that used to be folded around her neck as she nestled against tho sick-bed- That sick-room, and tho dim light of wintry afternoons, and tho » sound of tho harmonium as her father play ed soft music in the adjoining parlor, were things that seemed to have lasted for years. She could not look bohind them. Iicr mem ory of mother and of home stopped oil tho threshold of that dimly- lighted room. "Her father was a memory of yesterday. He had beeu her second self, the other half of her iniud. " 'Ho believed in ghosts,' she said, 'and in second sight. He has often told me how be saw my mother coming downstairs to meet him, with a shroud showing faintly abovo her white summer gown, tho night before she broke a blood-vessel, and look to her bed in her last illness.' " 'An optical delusion, no doubt; but it Comes natural to a Scotchman to bclicvo mich things. He should not have told you.' " 'Why not? I like to know that, the World wo cannot see is near us. I should have died of loneliness if T had not believed my father's spirit was still within reach, f don't mind about those people being impos tors. I begin to think that the friends wo have lost would hardly talk throuch the moving up and down of wooden tables. It seems such a foolish way. does it not?' "Worse than foolish: undignified. The ghosts in Virgil move and talk with a stately grandeur; Shakespcre's ghosts are kingly and awful. They strike terror. If has remained for tho nineteenth century to imagine ghosts that. flit, about a shabby parlor and skip from side to side of the room and flutter round a table, and touch, and rap, and rap, and pat. with viscous hands, like the touch of a toad." " 'I don't carc what you say about those things/ she answered resolutely. 'There is a link between life and death. T don't, know what, the link is; but. though my father may be dead to all the world besides, he is not dead to mo' "I did not oppose stubborn common sense to this fond delusion. It might be good for her to believe in the things that are not. The tender fancy might bridge over the dark gulf of sorrow. T tried to divert, her mind to lighter subjects — talked to her of this monstrous London, of which she knew no thing, and of which I knew very little. "On the following evening I took Espe- ranza and my old nurse to a theatre, a form of entertainment in which Martha especi ally delighted. T was not very happy in my choice of a play. Had I taken my pro tegee to see Jefferson she would have been touched and delighted. Unluckily I chose another theatre, where a burlesque was being played which was just a shade more vulgar than the average burlesque of those days. Esperanza was puzzled and dis gusted. I discovered that her love of mu sic was an exclusive passion. She cared for nothing else in the way of art. I tried her with a picture-gallery, only to find her ignorant and indifferent. Two things only impressed her in t.he whole of tho National GaJlery — a landscape of Turner's and a face which recalled her father's. "My last Sunday before tho term began was spent almost entirely with Esperanza. I accepted Martha's invitation to partake of her Sunday dinner, and sat. at meat with dear old Benjamin for tho first time in my life, though 1 had eaten many a meal with his worthy wife in the days when my legs reached a very little way below the table and my manners were iu sore need of tho good soul's supervision — happy childish days, before governess and lesson-hooks had appeared upoii tho scene; days iu which life was ono long game of play, in terrupted only by childish illnesses, which were like bad dreams, troubled and indis tinct patches on the fair foreground of the childish memory. The good Benjamin ale his roast beef in a deprecating and apolo getic attitude, sitting, I fear uncomfort ably, on the edge of his chair. Esperanza ate about as much solid food as a singing btrd might have done; but. she looked stronger and in better health than on the night of the seance, and she looked almost happy. After the roast beef and apple tart I took her to an afternoon service at St. Paul's, where the organ-music filled her jwith rapture. " 'I shall como here every Sunday,' she Bald, as we left tho cathedral. "I entreated her not to go so far alone, and warned her that the streets of London Were full of clanger for youth and inexperi ence; but she laughed at my fears, assur ing mo that she had walked about the mea dows and coppices round Besbcry ever since she could remember, and no harm had ever befallen her, though there woro hardly any people about. J told her that in London the people were tho danger, and exacted a promise that she would never go beyond tho immediate neighborhood of Great Ormond-strect by herself. I gave her permission to walk about Queen's Square, Guild ford-street, and Mecklenburgh Square. The neighborhood was quiet and respect able. " 'I am bound to obey you,' she answered moekly. 'J owe you so much gratitude for your goodness to me.' T protested against gratitude to mo. Tho only friend to whom she owed any thing was my dear old nurse. "I had a great terror of the perils of tho London streets for a girl of her appearance. It was not so much that she was beautiful, but because of a certain strangeness and exceptional character in her beauty which Would be likely to attract attention and nrouso curiosity. The dreamy look in the largo violet eyes, tho semi-transparent pal lor which suggested an extreme fragility, the unworldlincf s of her whole aspect, were calculated to appeal to tho worst in stincts of the prowling protligatc. She bad an air of helplessness which would invite persecution from the cowardly wretches who make tho streets of a great, cttv peril ous for unprotected innocence. "She was ready to promise anything that would please me. " 'I do not carc if T never go out,' she said, simply. 'Tho lady who lives in the drawingroom has a harmonium, and she has told mo I may play upon it ovc-y day — all day long, when she is out; and she has a great many friends, and visits a good deal.' " ' Ob, but you must go out. of doors for your health's sake!' I protested. 'Martha or Benjamin must go with you.' " 'They have no time to go out of doors till after dark, poor things! they are so busy; but they will take mo for a walk sometimes of an evening. 1 shall make them go out. for their own sakes. You need not feci anxious about, me; you are too kind to think of me at all/ "I could not help feeling anxious about her. I felt, as if I were responsible for everything that, could assail or hurt her; ! that every hair of her head was a charge upon my conscience. Her health, her hap piness, her talents, and tastes, and fancies — it was mine to care for all these. My protegee, Standish called her. In this fare well walk through the dull Sunday streets, iu the dull October twilight, it seemed as if she were much more than my protegee — my dearest, most, sacred care, the pur pose and the promise of my life. "To-night we, were to say good-bye. We were to have parted at the door in Great Ormond-street; but., standing on the door step, waiting for t.he opening of that inex orable door, which would swallow her up presently, like a tomb, I felt, all at once that I could not sacrlfico this last evening. Standish was dining out. There would only bo loneliness and a roast chic ken awaiting mo at half-past seven. The chicken might languish uneaten; the ghost might have the dull, commonplace room; I would fiuish the evening with Martha's tea and toast, and hear Esperanza sing her favorite numbers of Handel and Mendels sohn, to the accompaniment, of an ancient »S tod dart piano, a relic of the schoolroom in my Suffolk home, the piano on which my mother took lier first music lesson. "It was an evening in Elysium. A hack parlor is sometimes large enough to con tain paradise. T. did not question my own heart, or analyse my beatific sensations, f ascribed at least half my happiness to Handel and Mendelssohn, and that, feeling of exaltation which only sacred music can produco. There were no anxious question ings in my mind till after I had said good bye to Esperanza — good-bye till the third week in December, and had left the house. Those uneasy questionings were inspired by my dear old Martha, who opened the hall door for me, and said gravely, as 1 shook hands with her— " 'It. would never do, Mr. George. 1 know what, kind of lady your mother is, as well anybody. It would never do/ "I did not ask her what it was that would never do; but f carried a new sense of trouble and difficulty out Into the autumu wind." chapter xx.— a white star made of memory long ago. " 'It. would never do/ Those words of Martha's, so earnestly spoken by »he kind soul who cared for me almost as tenderly as a mother cares for her own, haunted me all through the rapid run to Cambridge, walked the quadrangle of Trinity with me, tramped the Trumpington-road upon my shoulders, like that black care which sits behind t.he traveller. 'H would never do.' No need to ask my good Martha for the meaning of that emphatic assertion. I knew what, shape her thoughts had taken as sho watched me sitting by the lit.tle square piano— the old, old piano, with such a thin, tinkling sound, listening to that seraphic voice, and looking at that, delicate profile and exquisite coloring of faintly flushed cheek, lifted eve, and shadowy hair. My old nurse had surprised my secret al most before 1 kuew it myself; hut. by tho time I was back in my shabby ground- floor sittingrooTU at Trinity, I knew as well as Martha kuew that I had let. myself fall deep in love with a girl whom I could never marry with my mother's approbation. 1 might, take my own way in life and marry tho girl I loved; but to do so would bo to forfeit my mother's affection, to mako myself an outcast from her house. " T know what, kind of a lady your mother is/ said Martha, in her valedictory address. "Was I, her son, likely to he ignorant of the mother's character, or unablo to gauge the strength of her prejudice— pre judice that seemed so much a part of her nature as to form a strong argument against. Locke's assertion, t hat. thcro are no innate ideas? Indeed, In readiug that philosopher's famous chapter, it always seemed to me that if the average infant bad to begin tho A R O of life at. the first, letter, my mother must havo been born with her brain richly stocked with family pride and social distinctions. In all the years I had lived with her, I had never seen her unbend to a servant, or couverse on equal terms with a tradesman. She had a full appreciation of the value of wealth when it. was allied with good birth; but the millionaire manufacturer or tho lucky speculator belonged to that, outer circle of which she knew nothing, aud of which she would believe no good. "I was her only son; and she was a wi dow. I owed her more than most sons owe their mothers. I did not stand as number four or five in a family circle, taking my share in tho rough and tumble of family life. My mother had been all in all to me; and I had been all in all to her. I had been her friend and companion from the time I was able to understand the English language, the recipient of all her ideas, her likes and dislikes — from that early stage when the childish mind un consciously takes shape and bent from tho mind of the parent the child loves best. From my seventh year I was fatherless, and all that is sacred and sweet in home life began and ended for me with the word mother. "My mother was what Gerald Standish called 'a masterful woman/ a woman to whom it was natural to direct and initiate the whole business of life. My father was her opposite in temperament— irresolute, lymphatic; and I think ho must have han ded her the reins of home government be fore their honeymoon was over. 1 remem ber just well enough to remember that he left the direction of his life wholly to her; that, he deferred to her judgment, and studied her feelings in every detail of his existence; and that ho obviously adored her, 1 don't think he cared very much for me- his only child. I can recall no indication of warmth of feeling on his part, only a placid indifference, as of ono whose affection was concentrated upon a «lngle object, and whose heart had no room for any other image. He spoke of mn as 'the hoy,' and looked at me occasionally with an air of mild wonder, as if I were somebody else's son, whose growth took him by "surprise. I never remember his e'-prm-ing an opinion about me. except, that I had grown since he looked at mo last. "His feeling about mn being thus tepid, it was hardly surprising that he should make what many people huv" called an un just will. I have iievm disputed its jus tice, for 1 loved my mother mo much to complain of tlm advantages of power nnd status which that will gave her. "She was an heiress, and her money had cleared my father's estate from con siderable encumbrances, and no doubt, ho remembered this when providing for her future. He was her senior by live and twer.tv vcars, and foresaw a long widow hood for her. ri'.< be continued ) 