[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE VENETIAN; OR, ALL FOR HONOUR BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," "Aurora Floyd," The Cloven Foot," , "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I am," " Taken at the Flood," " Dead Sea Fruit," " Phantom Fortune," " Like and Unlike," " Weavers and Welt," &c.; CHAPTER XXIX. " 'IS NOT THE SAME NOW, NEVER MORE CAN BE." Vansittart was the first to break that agony of silence. " Does this mean the end of love ?" he asked. " Is all over and done with between you and me is love only a dream that we have dreamed V" " Yes : it is a dream," she answered, looking at him with tearless eyes, which had more misery in them than all the tears he had ever seen in the eyes of women. " It is something perhaps to have believed oneself happy for two blessed years. You have been so'Rood to me-so Rood to poor foggy. She loved you almost as fondly as I did. You have been all goodness-and you did not know that he was my brother. Yet, yet, when you killed him you must have known that some heart would he broken. No, I can never forget how good you have been or how dear. Don't think that I can change in an hour from love to hate. No, no, that cannot be. To my dying day I must love you but I cannot live with the man who killed my brother. I can never he your wife again that is all over. We must be strangers on this side of the grave." "A hard sentence. Even: if could not be harder if I were a deliberate murderer. And yet perhaps it is no more than I deserve perhaps even the gallows would be no more than my desert " The gallows ! Oh. God, could they kill you because-?" The words died in her throat, choked by the agony of a great fear. " But no one knows one will ever know," she cried. " She will never tell," pointing to the door ; " she loves you too dearly." " No. she will not tell." " Is there anyone else who knows ?" " Only her aunt, who may he trusted No. I don't think I am in any danger from the law." he said, carelessly, as if shot hardly mattered. " But you you are my supreme judge, and you look upon me as a murderer. Well, perhaps you are right. Let me sophisticated with myself as I will, in that one moment I was in mind and instinct a homicide. When I struck that blow I did not care how deadly it might be. All the savages impulses within me were aroused. Yes, I was a murderer. And you say that we must part that is your sentence ?" She bent her head in assent. " Very well ; then I must do all I can to make our parting easy and reputable. The world will wonder and In!!,-, but we must bear that. I think I know a way of lessening the scandal, you will live at Harewood, and I will travel. That will make things easy." " Live at Merewood without you '. Not for all the world. I shall go back to Fernhurst to my sisters. You will let me give them some of my pin money, I know, so that I may not be any expense to them." " Let you-why your pin money is all your own, to throw in the gutter If you like." " No. no ; it was meant for your wife. I shall have no claim upon it when we are parted. But I don't want to be a burden at the Homestead, I should like to give them fifty pound a year. I shall not see) them so much as that.' " " I daresay not. Why do you torture me with this talk of money ? All the money I have is turned to withered leaves. Eve. Eve." he cried passionately, " you could not do this cruel thing if our child had lived." " Could I not V Would that have altered the fact that you killed my brother ? No. Jack, for God's sake don't come near me," as he approached her with extended limul, trying to clasp her hands in his, passionately longing for reunion. " There is a ghost between us. I should have myself if I ' could forgot the dead." " Ah. that is the worst sting of death," he cried bitterly, the fatal influence of the dead which blights the living. Is there no hope, cave-in hope is your mind made up ?" " Alas ! alas ! I have no alternative." " Take time to think at least, before you act." '. Time to think : why. I have been thinking for an eternity. It is ages since that woman put this picture in my hand. If there were any truth in the stories of hair turning? gray In some great agony. mine ought to be as white as snow. Oh. I have thoucrht..7ack% I have thought. If I could shut my eyes and say I forgot. If I could say the mist Is past, and the dead are no better for our tears and our sacrifices, our crane gowns, or the roses wo plant on their graves. If I could be like the heathens who said let us be happy to-day. for to-morrow we die. how gladly would I blot thought and memory from my brain. But you see while I live I must think and remember and every hour of my life with you would be darkened by one hideous thought. I should see my brother in his blood-stained winding sheet standing between us. There are some things that cannot be that heart, and mind nmlconscienceerv out against, and our alliance is one of those things. Oh, It was wicked, wicked, and cruel to marry me. knowing what you knew." " Was it cruel, was it wicked ? If it was, I don't repent of that sin. I repeat my first crime-the crime of bloodshed-not my second, the crime of making you my wife. I have had two years of bliss. How many men can say as much ? Well, since you are re sole have weighed what you are doing, and still decide against me, I will leave you in peace. If the memory of those years cannot plead for me, words are, indeed, idle." She heard the strangled sob in his voice as he turned from her and went slowly to the door, but she did not call him back. She stood like a woman of stone till the door closed on him, and the outer door opened and shut again. Then she clasped her' hands above her head in sudden despair, and rushed out upon the balcony to see the last of him. She leaned over the high iron rail to watch him as he sprang into the waiting- hansom. She saw him drive away, and did not stick to him to come back, though her whole being, brain, heart, nerves, yearned after him, with the wild yearning of despairing love. She watched till the cab vanished from her sight, hidden by the foliage on the Embankment, and then she dragged herself slowly back to the room, as a wounded animal crawls to its lair, and flung herself upon Lisa's sofa, a broken- hearted woman. " Could I act otherwise-could I, could I ?" she asked herself, " My brother, my own flesh and blood. Even if I had not loved him could I live with the man who killed him ?" Lisa crept into the room, while Eve sat sobbing, with her face hidden in the sofa pillow. Lisa crept to her side, and sat on the ground by her. playing her, and looking up at her with mute dog-like tenderness. " What have you done ?" she asked at last. " Have you sent him from you your husband who loves you ?" " Yes, he is gone. It is our fate." " Fate !" cried Lisa, contemptuously, " What is fate ? It is you, not Fate, that makes the parting. If you loved him you would not let him go." " If I loved' him, Why, my whole being is made up of love for him." " What then ? And you sent film from you for an accident-for something which no one could help. I was there these eyes saw it-a moment and it was done. There was not time for thought For that one Instant of wrongdoing are you to make his life miserable ?" He killed my brothers. Do you understand that, Lisa The man who ought to have been your husband was my brother. Did you care nothing for himself. His mother of his child ?" " Yes. yes. I cared for him. When first he came to Burano I worshipped him as if he had been St. Mark. And when he said, ' Cerme To Venice with me, Lisa, and be my little wife.' I went. It was wicked. I knew, I ought not to have left Burano till I had been to confession, and the priest had married us but when I said, ' You will marry me. signor Ing- less," he is ill. ' Yes, Lisa, by-and-by.' and that was what he always said till the last. ' by-and-by.' He was not always kind to me. Siora. though, he was your brother. He beat me sometimes when the luck had been bad at cards. When he had been sitting up half the night playing cards with his friends, and I crept into the room and begged him to play no more he was not kind then. He would start up out of his chair, and swear a big Ihiirlish oath. and strike at me with his clenched list. But am I sorry ? Yes. of course I am sorry. It was dreadful to see him fall dead in a moment : but is that to be remembered against your husband years afterwards ? He was brutal, so brutal that be deserved his death, almost. He flew at the strange Englishman like a tiger : he would not listen, he would not believe that I was not false to him. He was mad with drink, and foolish anger. II J was like a wild beast. And for an accident like this you would make the noblest of men unhappy. Ali, Storm, that is not love. If your husband be longed to me and he loved me as he loves you he might kill twenty men, and I would cling to him, and love him still. What would their life be to me, or their death, if I had him. " You are a semi-civilised savage, and you can't understand," said Eve sternly. .' Life and death, good name, and honour, have no meaning for you." " Love moans more than all," said Lisa, doggedly. " There is only one man you have the right to love." said Eve ; " the man who ought to have been your husband. You must be indeed a wretch if you can love the man who killed him." "Ah. infinite and, we do not make our hearts. They are made for us." Lisa pleaded, naively. '4 The Signer Inglese was very good to me at Burano In my poverty ; but afterwards at Venice I had a good deal to suffer. It was a hard life sometimes. One had need be young, and able to laugh, and forgive and forget. But he Signor Vansittart-he was always kind. His face haunted me after that afternoon on the Lido, and when we met again-when In Kin and T were strangers in London, without a friend in the world oh, how kind and generous he was All that I have of fame and fortune I owe to him, and though he does not care for me so much as that," with a contemptuous wave of her fingers, yet he is always gentle, always good. Do not tell me that I am to write more for the dead man who deceived me and beat more than for the living man who has been nice bone factor, my- guardian angel, and for whom I say a paternoster and two saves every night of my life. It is sweet to say these for his sake." " Ah, you do not understand. You do not know what death is," said Eve, will gloomy anger, getting up from the sofa, and rearranging her loosened hair with trembling hands. " It must come to all of us," answered Lisa, with a philosophical shrug. " Better that it should come in a moment as his care. wilhouÄufforiug, without fear, than that we should live j To be old and fat and full of melodies. People die of dreadful diseases that one shudders only to hear of, and that is called a natural death. How much better to be stabbed to the heart un- awards." " I cannot reason with you," said Eve, haughtily. I loved my brother. You, his mistress, evidently cared nothing for him." And with this verbal state, she departed Who shall say whether she was most indignant with the Venetian for loving Harold Marchant too little or for loving John Vansittart too much The victoria was waiting for her the servants were asleep in the afternoon sun. She had herself driven home, being just able to utter that monosyl- able Home," in answer to the foot- man's question. How strange the streets and all Uielr movement of every-day life seemed to her, as she drove along the Interminable King's-road, and by Sloane-street and the Park-how careless the faces of the people Was there no other trouble in the world, but her own ? Was every- body else busy, and bustling and happy? She felt as if she had been driving home from a funeral, wondering to find a world where there were no signs of sorrow. Had she not verily parted from her dead '.' The dead brother whom she had always pictured to herself as alive and happy in some far-off African wilderness, leading the adventurer's solitary life, saving for no one he had left in the civilised world, but destined to come back to her hereafter with that wild spirit turned, his boyish affections Warmed into new life. He was dead, and she would see him no more on earth -killed in a tavern brawl, for the sake of a worthless woman. And the husband she 'adored, he, too, was dead dead to her for ever. She had re- nounced him, and he was free to go his own way, and lead his own life, and find consolation and happiness where he chose. Her friends of Mayfair had told her that no man laments long for the loss of any woman, that one beautiful face pushes aside another, that there is no image, however cherished, which does not grow faint, and fade and vanish, as a circle widens and melts away upon still water. Even the house in Charles-street had a strange aspect when she re-entered it. Should she finds him there Would be plead with her again, in their own house, where she had been so happy with him, where all minute things reminded her of the glad life he had given her Would, he plead with her once more, and renew the agony of the struggle between love for the living and loyalty to the dead ? No ; she was spared that ordeal. The servant who opened the door told her that his master had been summoned hurriedly to Southampton, and had left a letter for her. She caught up the letter eagerly, hungry. In her desolation, for some sign from him, some last link between them. (To be continued on Thursday.) 