IN THE BAE PARLOR. 'So they have closed up the Domain show at last,' observed the Worm wearily, as he borrowed the sub-editor's tobacco, ' and T'm glad of it. We will have some vice regal receptions now, perhaps, and sassiety will ue about again. I am glad of it. I like sassiety iu Hobart, it always looks so wretched.' ' Only officially have they closed it,' returned the sub-editor, ' They'll open it a while at a tanner, after they have taken out tbe best things. But it never paid and never would pay ; it was a Iobs from the very beginning. I'm sorry for the shareholders. 'Maybe,' said the Government Houbc Man, ' but everything; can't be expected to pay. It'll pay to close it up. I suppose it will have to come down ? It's on the People's domain.' 'As like as not,' put in a stranger, ' but they will do as they please over it. Look at the Mel bourne affair. The Cm-lton Gar dens were tbe property of the peo ple and were under the people's veto, yet they cut the gardens in half for the exhibition, and after pulling down the annexes there it is still, aud there it is likely to re main. Yours will remain also.' ' I tbink not,' said the athletic man, ' the cases are scarcely analo gous. Besides, come a good gale it will be blown away some night. I could knock it down my self with a swinger. But as you say, there is some dancer. I re member when long McKeau, the lawyer in Melbourne pulled down tbe gates of the Carl ton Gardens to enforce the lights of the citizens to have a driving way through, they were left down until the Exhi bition went up and blocked every thing.' ' The police couldn't interfere, I suppose r' mused the Worm. 'They don't interfere too often with any thing that I know of. If we bad one over Battery Point way I think it would do no bftim. I was going to advertise like this: ' When will a live policeman who is not afraid to make the larrikins move on or else run them iu be placed on Bat tery Point ?' I think it ought to be done.' ' Do you know,' said the Police Court reporter, 'what would happen if he did not be very discreet 't' ' 1 do not,' returned the Worm. ' Then I'll enlighten yon. There are some of those larrikins there who can make things a bit lively afterwards. Wires are pulled by influential fathers, and before the unfortunate peeler knows where he is ' he don't know where he are.' ' ' I see,' said the Worm. ' 1 went to that masquerade ball the other evening,' remarked the Sunday reporter, ' I saw the Worm there — perhaps that was the reason.' 'What character did lie assume':1' asked the publisher.' A worm of course ; what else could he assume V A sort of grave yard worm. I went as a fairy prince.' ' You made a mistake,' sighed the Worm pensively, ' You should have put on your every-day clothes and gone in the character of an every-day fool, you'd have tilled it to perfection.' 'Well,' continued the other, treatiug the retort with Christian beniticence, 'there wcie some plums there, you can bet. There was a party went there as ' Pygmalion,' he should have called it ^/(/-malion , for reasons which were very evi dent. I wonder he did'ut go as a sausage. That Hamlet's ghost in the tin suit must have felt stiff — lie looked it, anyway. And that sweet fat. thing in pink. Oh, gracious ! ' ' Who was that they called out ' Rossy ' after ?' asked tbe athletic reporter. ' I didn't catch bis uame. Then there was the Count or counterfeit who was so rough on corns and bunions, and so on. Bnt one of the best characters there way a sweep or a lumper or something like that. He went iu hie business every day clothes, and looked very comfort able, besides saving tbe expense of hiring a costume.' 'Tbe most saving costnme «6 far as expense goes that I know of.' said the Insignificant Man, ' would be a scriptural one.' ' What m.f&bt; that b*e ?' asked tbe $tet ' The Father of us all. It would cost absolutely nothing, but would be a little cool I fancy.' ' No cooler than your observa tion,' said the sub, severely, ' bat to change the subject. I dropped on a good thing tbe other night. You know old Jones the boozer ? Well, he shuffled into a bar and asked for two shillings worth of rum in a black bottle. When it was served he felt all over his pockets with that woe begone look only that old fellow can assume, and said he had lost his money, (so the landlord poured it back again.' ?' Where did the profit come in there ?' we asked. ' I saw him a little while after wards outside poke a short stick into the bottle and draw out a good nobbier. He had fixed a sponge in tbe bottom which sucked up a fair joram.' 'My goodness!' said the new barmaid, ' I was visited by that old villain myself, and have felt miser able ever since that 1 did not give him a nip, he looked so wretched.' '.' How did you come to break off your engagement, Lucy r1 ' asked the Sub. ' I hope it didn't break your heart.' 'Not much ! It didn't break my heart ; but he played nap with the old man until it broke him, so I had to come back to the bar again.' ' Well it's better than seeing a man stuck there with bis coat on and a dirty pipe in his mouth, any how,' eaid the Government House Man. ' A man must wear a coat in the cold weather,' observed the pub lisher. 'Not at all. Let him put on two flannels and a nice white shirt over it. Zox. a Member of Parlia ment in Victoria, never wore any thing but a white waistcoat in his life iu all weathers.' At this point we noticed that the landlord was beginning to look un easy at these personal observations s© we retired. 