Ti - - B S THE FLORAL WREATHS AND CROSSES. Never before were the resources of the art florists,'' Jso so well U stud as was the case on Saturday Of dear sister order time pouring in, to the uubnrriHsinent of Julie flower Eeeuiso, although the metropolis and the suburbs are all alone with Flora's constables nations, it is only flowers of a certain class [that are allowed the privilege of be nor ranked as or associated with immortelles t Hence, the choice of flowers for the composition or funeral tribute! is always limited to a, very small" portion of the domain of the gardener But this limitation streets general sense is not without its ' jcompeiiRihng advantages, because the chairs action of one area necessitates the enorm h- e intent upon another, a id thus me into line / into the designs Fire eyes mass of bloom which, but for the luceiMtiHS of the case, would perhaps never be introduced into these floral tributes At the funeral of fair Robert Duff there was a conspicuous Dstuucoof this, an orchid of great rarity Princes blooms only once in every seven years, and which is really priceless-the bloom of the Sacred Dove," or " Holy Ghost "-being utilised by Messrs. Searl and Sons to impart a distinctive charm to a floral cross sent to Government House by his Excellency the Lieutenaut-Governor, the Honorable Sir Frederick j Darley. There were also included in the cross as not lilies, niphetos roses, carnations, and choice hothouse flowers and foliage. In accordance with a cable received from Lord and Lady Carrington the Messrs. Searl also prepared, beautiful and ith and cross combined, in the design of which were used white roses, stephanotis, bouvardias, a late chi viantherminis, orchids, Chasselas, and '(bone hothouse tob age Among the wreaths sent by Miss Goodenough wits a m ign scent one on behalf of the Earl and Countess of Ho) occur. This wreath. of, its composed of white roses, stephanotis, gardenias, (bouvardias and choice hothouse foliage. Sir Henry and Lady Norman's contribution (obtained through Messrs. Spark) was a cross of white flowers pompo oil of white niphetos roses carnations, aviator . lilies and orchids The same firm also sent on behalf of the Lieutenant-Governor of' South Aus tribe a wipl'Ii, which embraced choicest white flowers variegated ivy, and autumn leaves. The some fir n on behalf of Lord Glasgow sent a cross. in which them apple choice foliage and sprays of white flowers and autumn foliage. ' the Consul-General for Germany (Herr Pelldram) a out a lovely cases which was (imposed of ivy leaves and autumn foliage and snow white flowers, line across was rendered especially conspicuous by the . wealth of satin ribbon, which were in harmony with (the German national colours k) Messrs Searl and --was sent wreaths on behalf of Sir Henry and Lady Norman, Sir Frederick and 'i Lady Darley, the Premier and people of Victoria, the Premier and people of South Australia, 'Lieutenant-Governor of South Australia, Lord and a Lady Glasgow, Auckland. N.Z , CoubuI Pelldram ex-German Consul) A. E. Stoddart and English Team ! of cricketers. Fe insular and Oriental S S. Company, (Mayor of Orange, Captain Broomfield, Mrs. M. jjainimons, the Mayor, Council and citizens of Sydney, the Mayor of Goulburn, Mr. Alfred a W. and Miss Gillies, Mayor and Council as if Junee, Mayor and Aldermen of Ashfield, Mayor and Aldermen of Miss Vale, Lawn Tennis Club, Mossvale, Combermere Lodge, EC, Mel s Inuiuo president Bong Bong picnic Race Club, I Moss Vale Metropolitan Fire Brigade station, head L other members of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, i East Orange Council, Mayor and Aldermen of Went worth, D E Troughton, police magistrate, Moree, }' Mayor and Aldermen of Moree, Worshipful Master claim Lodge of Australia, New South Wales A Cricket Association, Mayor and Aldermen of >iBrisbane. A J Club, Sydney ; the Major, Aldermen and Citizens of Melbourne, the National ^ Horticultural and Poraological so lofty, N.S W.f 'commandeer Lindeman and Naval Brigade officers, ''Members of the Atheneum Club, Major Lassetter Land Officer N S W. Mounted Rifles, Bowral and p, Moss Vale Club, the Members of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, Mr Giiitlaum Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Mlignolrt. Nurse Duffy. Mr. W. A. De Mouncey, Mr. ''Hi Ips, Employees M'Lean Brothers and Rigg, Bench of Magistrates, MoreE Mr M. S. Browne (Station- en! sick) and Stiff, Ashfield railway station, Miss Ofctinaun, Government House. a Amongst the floral tributes executed at Messrs. Pearce Bl other' establishment were some very fine designs arranged most exquisitely with choice hot various flowers and foliage comprising some rare y novelties lhcludiiigstcphanotis.puchariB.phalanopsis, Mmiblis, waterlilies, paniratiuius, fragrant, and orchids, beautiful white erica, and dotted with choice 9s'! isthmus ferns, rare caladium leaves, differ Jluicnias, minutes and beautiful pure white alocasia. i Plata principal designs were as follow -Major ' General and Mrs Hutton, wreath . Major-General C Hutton and officers headquarters state! Military Forces N S W Australian Club (members), wreath , 1 Commercial Travellers Association, N.S W., wreath, of Mr Bopsen (Danish Consulate), wreath, Captain Castine. R N , wreath. Sir Saul Samuel, wreath. Rev. J. Chenhall, Randwick, cross. Mr Alf. Hay, Coolangatta, wreath the office N.S W. Artillery, ' wreath , Chinese cities and of Sydney, wreath , Major , Walters and officers of NSW. Lancers, wreath ; Captain Antill and officers N S W. Mounted Rifles, wreath M I agent Blanc, principal agent Messa peries Meet units, wreath Miss Snowden Smith, a single Dean of St they, wreath. Messrs Milner and smith forwarded wreathes I behalf of the Balmain Council, the Horticultural society New South Wales, Mr. George Adams, and the Sydney Quintet Society. O Bennet sent wreaths on behalf of Mr. H. C. ' Russell, O M.G Government Astronomer, and Dr, and Mrs McDonagh l< Miss Goodenough sent designs on behalf of Lord and Lady Hopetoun, Mr Barney Allen, the Hon. A Mrs Perry, and the Sydney Newsboys'' Brigade I Wicarhs &c;, were also, received at Government House from the Bathurst Muncipal Council, Mr. and Mrs Carl Fischer, servants Government House, 1 Mayor and aldermen East Orange, Mayor and alder- men Wentvvoitli Council Mayor and aldermen II Moree, Bowral and Moss Vale Club, Dr A Jarvie 'Hood, Viscount Gormanston,W.Herniaun BlackBton, members of Sidney Leidertafel!, N.S W. Rillie Assets lotion. Mrs. W. J. and the Misses Weston, Mrs end I Miss Browning, Scottish Rifles Captain Fielding, for XV. P. Manning and family, Lieutenant and Mrs. Edward Harvey. Lady Charles Paulet and Miss Granville Mr W. Ferry in a, Royal Agricultural \--society. officered N.S.W. Artillery, members of the u Australian Club, Deputy Master and staff of the National Mint, Sauce. Principal of St. Nicolas'' College, Council of Horticultural Society of N S W., Mu or Lassetter and officers N.S.W. Mounted Rifles, , Lady Innes, Mr M A Jeffes, the Chinese citizens of a Sydney. 