A COOLGAKDIE EXPKKIENCE. AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. A WRITES in (be Adelaide standard. gives the following Coolgardie extra ordinary experience : — ' As I have often told you, tbe Western Australian nigger ia no beauty, neither is he of muob use, but be bas one redeem ing feature, be can find water in. places that do wblte man would ever dream of searohlng for it ; but the fellows wbo hang around camps are uot of much real service. The wild tribe in tbe back country are tbe useful animate, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages tn point out a soak to a wblte fellow. They will take all tbe damper, tobacco, and tinned camel you care to give tbem, or that tbey csn steal, and they will readily promise to find ' plenty gabbing.' As you know 'gabbing' means water in tbeir liquid language, which is aboat as sweet io listen to as their faces are to look upon. But after fooling yon rouDd the bash, until tbey know by tbe gleam In your eyes tbat you won't stand tbem ?ny longer, tbey suddenly disappear in the bash, and it ie not a beaitby sort of amasement bunting for tbem wben tbey once get a good start in tbat forest. The prospectors out back give them a day or two to find water; if tbey do not find it tben tbey tie tbe nigger to a tree and keep bim there until be la as dry as the inside of an oyster shell. Tben (bey let bim go and follow bim. As a rule tbe ooon makes a straight dive (or the nearest water. They say mat the men of tbeir tribe will kill any savage wbo gives up tbe secret of these precious waterboles. 'Away beyond Idgery a couple of prospectors— one of whom 1s a well known Adelaide boy — gnt eleae out of water, and tbey feared tbat {bey bad looked tbeir last on tbe City of CburcUeB, for tbey ware too far out to hope to get back to any civilised camp fcerore death would nut in bis claim. '? As they lay dreamlDg at the flush of dawn a footfall soft as tbe oaresa of a snewfiake on a seam of soot broke tbe death-like stillness, a twi: broke, and then a sable warrior and bis gin glided Into the white man's oamp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had tbe whites been sleeping they would bave beardtbe stately marauders. The diggers lay still, and waited for a chance to spring. The ohanoe came, and tbe Adelaide man wonnd bis armB around tbe skinny lege of tbe warrior. The gin got away, and the 'track' kioked and bit and fought, and got balf strangled for his pains. 'Tben be wbb fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree UDtll morning. At daylight be got another ample feed — salt bacon tbis time— and was asked bow far it waa from tbe nearest waterbole. He oonld talk a mixture of ' English aod nigger dialect, and tbis Is wbBt be sBid : 1 Gludah get op, white pellow walks walka walka, glndab tnmbledown, wblte pellow Bit down, Bleep, make 'tn plenty plonr; glndab get up, white pellaw walka walka walka, glndab tumble down, white pellow Bit down, sleep, make 'em plenty plonr; glndab get ap, white pellow walka walka walka. glndab tumble dowb, wblte pellow get gabbing.' This being Interpreted me^nt tbat tbe nearest water was tbree days' travel from tbat spot. The whites wonld bave (o be 'ou the move fron sunrise' to sunset. Oind*ib means tbe sun ; wben glndab tumbles down it Ib sundown ; white fellow sit down means oamp for nfgbl. ' The witness did not believe that tale, and tbey gave tbe darkle to understand unmistakably tbat tbey doubted his veracity, but be refused lo bodge an inch, and they soon e'iw tbat be bad realised tbat tbey were far more In need of water tban he wbb, and be maje up hie mind to sit tbe sbnw out. ' At midday they shifted bim from the i shade of the tree aud turned his fsc (o- J wards the sun, and left bim to thiDk ; tblngs o*er, bound band and foot to quloken his mental faculties. At sunrise next morning he wa& an obstinate as formerly ! and they were baW-crszy from thirst, but ihsy dimly understood bis little game His gin bad gone aft for help to ber tribe, and trouble was looming up for tbem. ' Then they opened hi? mouth and stuffed it half-full nf salt, and propped his teeth apart witb a slick. He stood tbat for three mortal hours In tbe sun whilst tbey stood revolvers in bBnd, watching for tbe tribe. At last I be nigger cameiothe oonolHsion tbat be bad better give In or be plokled, and he murmured huskily through bis baked llpB, 'Me find 'm gabby.' Tben tbey tied hie bands behind bis back, hobbled bim witb a rope so tbat be oould walk bnt Dot run, covered bim with their revolvers, and invited bim to proceed ; aod he did, and at sundown (bey were quenching tbeir thirst at a good soak, and tbe black drank like a oamel after thirty davs' abstinence.' 