SABA'S SHAWL. How a Miseb was Cubed op His Stingikess. John Brown was born stingy; he held his sweetmeats from his little brothers when he was a child, and smoked his cigars alone when he was a young man. By the time he was forty, John Brown was a very rich man, though he lived as plainly as ever, and somehow about that age the first tender feelings he had ever known crept into his heart. He fell in love with a buxom, good tempered young woman, named Sarah Woolwich, and offered him self to her. He was not an ill-looking man, and when he chose could make him self agreeable. Sara liked him and ac cepted him. John meant to be liberal to her at first, but after a brief honeymoon of happiness, his old habits resumed their sway, and at last, the second winter of their married life coming on, Sara found that all her remarks about the shabby summer that had no effect whatever, and that she might wait a long time without having such a tiling as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had been a poor girl and had no trousseau to speak of, she found it necessary to put her pride in her pocket and ask for what she needed. She knew her husband had a large bank ing account—that there was no reason she should hot dress as well as any lady in the land. But when she had said, playfully, " John, shall I buy myself some winter things to-day ! I need a shawl dreadfully," he had answered, " I thought you were too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sara. I'm sure you have very decent things that you might wear a long while yet." "That shows how much men know," Sara answered, determined to be pleasant and not to show that she was hurt. "You would not like your wife to look shabby, John?" "Well, no,"said John; "no; but really, Sara, money is so scarce just now. Don't you think you might make what you have to do a little longer ?'' " How much longer ? " she asked quietly. " Oh, I don't know," said John. " I had an aunt who left me something when she died, who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen years, and boasted of it too!" His wife looked at him and* said nothing. " Economy is a sweet thing, Sara," said John, uneasily. " It would be dreadful to die in the workhouBe, you know; and you don't care for other people's admiration, do you, Sai-a, when your John likes you as well in your well-saved clothes ? We won't call them shabby, Sara, Only well-saved." " Call them what you please, John," said Sara. " They merit both epithets." She sat quietly with her hands folded on the tablebefore her for awhile.- Her temper was rising fast, but she had sense enough to crush it down. A miser is the victim of a vice that masters him—just as a drunkard is. John was ashamed of himself even as he spoke, and she knew it. And she looked at hi™ a little and then grief came instead of anger. There was much that was good about John. Is was terrible to see this canker creeping over it all; to see the pinched lines about his mouth, the strahge anxious look in his eyes. She arose; softly and went out of the room, and brought back her bonnet and shawl and put them on the table be fore him. "John, dear," she said, "I don't want you to think me unreasonable; look at these; Befe how shabby they are. They weie nice when we Were' married, but; they were qhdapj very 'cheap—Cheap thirigs fade so. I have made' everything Iliad do for two years. I did not . like to ask. I'haVe not spent one penny * of yohr; money for clothes. You know you gave Mie'tWo pairs ^es during our honeymoqn-yl have,. '• What a good c&reful; giri," said Johh, caressing her dark hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside him. "Yes, I have been careful. It is my nature to be careful," said Sara. " Few rich men's wives would have done so much. Now look at these things, my dear." "Suppose you wear them one winter more, Sara," he said—"just one." " The sbawl is very thin," she said. " I shall catch cold again as f did last winter." "Poor girl," he said softly, and looked towards .the desk where his cheque- book lay. But the grip of the fiend that rules a miser's soul nipped him sorely as he did so. The momentary impulse vanished. Be sides, a thought occurred to him. "They wear cloth jackets a good deal, Sara, don't they ? " he said. " Oh! they are very fashionable," replied his wife. "Then couldn't you make one of that old billiard-cloth that is in the trunk room?" he said. " My poor mother bought it at an auction". She meant to use it for a cover let ; but it's a very pretty green, don't you think, Sara, and such nice material ?" There is a limit to woman's patience; this suggestion measured Sara's. She started to her feet, and gathering up her bonnet and shawl, walked out of the room. After she had gone, John really looked at his cheque-book, and for at least two minutes contemplated drawing a large cheque and telling his wife he had been teasing her. But lie could not bring him self to do it. After a while his wife looked into the room with her old bonnet on and the shawl about her shoulders, and said:— "John, I'm going to spend the day with my sister-in-law, but I shall be home before dinner time." " I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my dear," said John. He saw her eyes were heavy with weeping, and he looked away, ashamed of himself. Then he betook himself to his office, where he ground out his money, and during the day he compromised with himself. He would do no extravagant thing, but when he went home he would give his wife what was neceSsary. And after all, as he said to himself, it would have been better to have done it. He had grieved her, and she was the only thing he loved on earth. He went home earlier than usual that evening to make what amends his soul would consent to, and as he walked briskly along, being light upon his feet yet—for whoever heard of a miser growing fat ?— he thought that he never again would bring tears to those good kind eyes. Never, never again, never again; and then—what was that crowd? What had happened? People were coming his way, looking back wards as they came, and now he was in the midst of the throng and close to four policemen who, with set faces, marched in time, bearing between them a stretcher 011 which lay a human form. It was covered— covered with a shawL John looked. Oh, heaven, he knew the pattern of that shawl! Only a few hours before its dingy palm leaves of yellow-brown, its faded fringe, its shabby brown centre had been spread be fore him. It was his wife's shawl. " Stop—stop—stop!" he cried. " Let me see her!" "Do you know her?" asked the police man. "Let me see her face," John said, gi-ow ing so faint that a kindly man hard by sup ported him by the arm. "You'd not know her face; a telegraph pole fell on her; it's crushed aU out of shape," said the policeman. " I do not think this is any relation of yours ; she's too shabby. Look at her shoes. See here, this is her bonnet. You don't know that?" He held up a bapnet. It was crushed and soaked with blood; but John knew it. the streaked pmple ribbon, and a flower amongst the other flowers that had loBt half its petals. He had fingered it as it lay on the table beside him. " Yes, I "know iti " he cried. " It's Sara! It's my wife's!" Then he pulled away the shawl from the crushed face, and fainted outright. They carried the -poor woman home to John Brown's old house, helping him to follow-as he came to himself. She was laid upon her bed and there wasa coroner's inquest; and women prepared: her body for burial, talk ing amongst themselves of the shame it was that she, a rich man's wife, should be so clad; and then there was a pause, and lie might be alone with her if he would. Before the time came he had a cab called, and went *out in it. He was driven to a large dry goods establishment, where he asked to see the manager, and was shown to his office. The manager found him there, a pale, miserableobject, trembling and faint, as one in deep illnes^. He wassThabby too. "He has come to beg," thoUght the manager; andhis " "Whafecanl doforyou? " was cnrt. Hut John tia^d hotlfing for ahy onfe's manner now. He answered sadly: "I want to buy a shawl.. I want the costliest shawl you have." " A madman," thought the manager. " Our costliest is <£100," said he, repress ing a smile. " Have it piit up for me," said John. " Certainly mad," thought the gentleman. But John had drawn a cheque from his breast pocket, and with trembling hand was filling in the blanks. The manager examined it carefully. " Mr. John Brown," he said more respect fully. He called others to look at his cus tomer. One knew him—financially it was all right. " And the rest is none of our business," said the manager. "They speak of him as a miser in the papers. That's a pretty pur chase for a miser." Meanwhile John drove home. Carrying the shawl under his arm, he went upstairs to the darkened room, where, under straight folds of white drapery, seemed to lie the sor row of the house. A watcher sat there. He sent her away. Then, alone in the room, he knelt down upon the floor beside the coffin. " Sara," he said. " Sara, can you hear me P I loved you, Sara; but I was such a miser—such a miser! I've bought you a shawl at last. Oh, Sara! I've paid as much as I could for it, my dear. You shall be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you Sara, Sara!" He spread out the costly folds; he lifted it in his hands. A moment more he would have, folded it about the dead form in the coffin, but at that instant a voice crid— " Oh, John! John, dear! Oh my poor John! My poor John ! And turning he saw his wife either in the spirit or the flesh, standing behind him. His knees trembled under him. He cried out to heaven to help him; but the figure came closer. It was no ghost, but a living woman. She took him in her arms. " Oh, how ill you look," she said. " Did you really love me so P And it is all my fault. I went to my sister-in-law's, and there in a fret—oh! I was angry; John—I gave away my dress, my shawl, and my bonnet to a beggar woman—and vowed to sit in one of my sister's dressing gowns until you gave me decent clothes to come home in. And the poor woman was killed two hours afterwards, and I never knew that she had been taken for me until this morning. Oh! such a dirty creature, my dear, as the papers described her; and for a little I was glad that you had had a fright, but I am sorry now I was." For an answer he picked up the costly shawl and wrapped it around her, and took her, folded in it like a mummy, to his heart again. "The miser is dead," he said. "But John Brown will show his wife how he can cherish her." :s He did; and if ever afterwards Sara detected symptoms of a relapse, all she' had to do was to wrap herself in her wonderful shawl. The sight of it inevitably recalled the moment when he learnt how little after all is the value of money. He may indeed love J lis money yet; but he knows that he loves Sara. Mr. Justin .M'Carthy, in answer to the inquiry of Young Wales, says the ruling principle of his political life is Home Rule for Ireland—and that principle means naturally and consistently Home Rule all round. He quite admits the right of Wales to pronounce upon her Church Establishment, but as to the course of tactics which Wales ought to follow, Welsh Liberals are far better judges than he is. Mr. T. P. O'Connor and Mr. Dillon will not have Home Rule for IrelaiftS^deprived of its first place. In this Mr. Join Redmond agrees with them. The Maynooth Centenary.—On Sunday, October 27, an important Pastoral Letter from the Bishops of Ireland to the clergy and laity was read in every church tbroughouf the country. It deals with the widespead feeling which exists that the centenary celebration of .our national ecclesiastical college should be commemo rated by a memorial- of an abiding character. After careful consideration, the great majority of the prelates came. to the conclusion that the completion of the college church and the building of the: tower and spire would be -the most appro priate and etiduring memorial of -the college centenary. A large sum of money will be needed for this purpose ; for the tower and spire will rise to a height of. 320 feet. An appeal is inade to the priests and people of' IrelaUd to contribute liberally for this purpose. 