I - THE BOUSE OF SIMON; I ? ? ? % Story of the 'Black Country' of Sooth Staffordshire, ??'''' ?- ?*?-? ??'' ' I jjEANXE G-WXNHE BBTTANY, j Author of '?At'3* Saracen's Two Legacies,' &c; I CHAPTER XLHL— (Continued.) I Having divested himself of all his I cloths. Mr. Rimpler 'Wrapped Mm I 6eif in a blanket, and wrote down his I jjgt of items in his pocket-book, to be I jenjembered against Wilson for ever; I and while he wrote Wilson had cleared I away all the mess, and was anxiously I Tvaitinsr for Keziah to come in. And I now tliat her exertions jrere^.p^er.. and I that she had had thejjjeasure she Had I inured for, of giving- it to 'that Rim I pier/' a feeling of depression came I over her. She bad heard Keziah's I voice below. 'Then it is true/' she I thought, after all. 'What a pity!' I And she waited and watched for Ke I ziaii's coming in. But Keziah was at I thai moment being persuaded never I t0 come in any more, and she was I wavering. I But she and Rupert had heard the I cry. though they had not recognised I the v --ice; and thev thought they had I been discovered. Keziaii had clung I desperately to Rupert's arm and. he I held her firmly. I 'Come away, Kizzy, my dear love, I white there is yet time. If you go I he wall murder you, now he has dis I covered. Why should you throw I wunself into the jaws of death at ran I dom, and ruin niy life, too, for such a I Hllain as he is? What could the I Torld say against you? They know I slat he is. Kizzy,' he pleaded,' 'you I jto are so brave, and have dared so I Bach. Come, dare the world's opin I to. and go with me. I have plenty I if money. I could get a practice I abroad easily. Think., let love decide, I w whom do you owe allegiance? To I that man, who has done nothing to ? earn it: or to me, who am ready to do I eraytbing for your sake? You tmst ? ed yourself to him ; can you not trust I youWf to lne? Think, Kizzy, of all I tou have made me suffer. Can you I imagine what my feelings must have ? been, to come out of prison to find the I one who should have been true to me, I tough all else had failed— to find you ? belonging to another? Do you not I owe me anything, Kizzy, for loving I you so after all this? But you must ? decide now, this very moment. Some I one will be here. You must decide I fcetween -»m and me.' And not wait I ing for a reply, he led her with hi6 I m-ng arm about her down the garden ? path and out at the gate. I Sbe had been scarcely conscious, of I anything but the strength of what he H slid, till now that she was moving I sway. She stopped with a new I strength and loosed his arm from ? about her. 'No,' she said, 'I can but I die. I will go back. He will think I all this evil against me. He - shall I never have reason. Since I have lost ? you my self-respect is the only thing ? left to me; and would you, who say ? you love me, rob me of that?' ? He did not offer to take hold of her ? again. A streak of light was begin ? ling to be visible in the east, and the I objects in the garden began to be de ? feed 'Oh!' she said, 'with a shudder, ? It is growing daylight; an'other mo I ment and it would be too late for me I to go back.' And even while she ? spoke she- fled away and entered the I bouse. As she went she heard a ? great sob follow, and it wrung her ? ieart She hesttaited one moment. I 'Is he worth the sacrifice,' she said I to herself, 'of both our lives?' But I even while she thought a voice within ? her bade her go back. She entered ? the house. A tall figure intercepted I her path. It was Wilson. ''Ob, ? Miss Kizzy,' she cried, calling her by I the old familiar name in a heartbro ? ken kind of way, 'I wouldn't have be I lieved it of you, I wouidof i,' , .. I Keziah, hi her old impetuous- man- I ner. flung her arms about Wilson, and ? cried upon her shoulder. 'Do not ? judge me so harshly,' she Slid. ?'You ? would not if you knew' all.' ? Wilson was Unrelenting though cry I ing; she was angry with Keziah, and I as yet had no comprehension of the I case. I 'I know appearances are against ? me, and I cannot make you_ believe I h me. But I have done nothing so I Terr wrong.' ? 'Oh, don't make light of it, miss. H It cannot be right, whichever way you ? put it' ? 'I know I ought not to have met ? him. I never shall meet him again.' I 'It's too late to mend matters now,' ? raM Wilson. 'Tm not the only one H as has seen you to-night and has heard ? at' H 'Do you mean my husband?' asked ? Kenan, faintly. ? 'Xo,' said. Wilson, bitterly. 'You ? migiit know who it is— that EiinpleT. ? And he will tell everytMng, and it ? Ml be just as bad.' ? 'Oh, Wilson, there's no pity for me H ia vour tone. Do I not deserve some ? JHtV?-' H 'You've been drove to it, I know. H But that never counts for much. The H flnlr thing as counts is that you've ? done it And, oh, that I should have ? lived to see this dayP I 'Shall I go and tell my husband all ? about it before Mr. Rimpier can go ? to him?' said Keziah, in a tone that I might be used, in a forlorn hope. H Wilson hesitated. 'No,' at last she H replied, 'I think mot, miss. His anger H fflig- ht be so that he wouldn't know ? what he did to you, if he heard it ? from you.' And Keziah felt that a ? stronghold of her integrity had died; H for she could not say to her husband, H 'He never tried to persuade me to ? leave you.' Some women might have ? said it even if untrue; but Keziah ? could not She feared this must come ? out with the rest She would not tell ? Part of the truth, but the whole truth, ? if she. must speak. And even if she ? aid not speak, her husband would ? oome to her, and she would have to ? answer him. . ? While they talked the grey streak in ? the sky had grown larger. Wilson ? ^rted. She noticed she could see ? Keziah now—the outline of her figure. I 'The servants will be coming down,' ? she saM; 'go to your room. It is a ? fonder they are not down before, but ? I have been so staggered, I had not ? thought of it'* KeMah-fled u.p the ? grease like a creatiire«af«aid e£~£Ja.Q. ? %ht, and Wilson went£ t^'rLeSnard^ ? ifho was waking. ~ 2f *** 't '? ~' I It was soon breakfast time. Keziaii ? ^d dressed herself nicely, why, she ? could hardly have told, for she felt she ? Was going to hear her sentence. ? To her great surprise, on going to ? the breakfast-room, for it was iiot.Ke ? ziah to absent herself, Mr. Simpler was ? there before her, and appeared calm, as ? if nothing had happened. He had a ? ula«k eye, and a plaster under it, ? which Keziah did not remember to ? nave seen before, and whicTi Mr. Rhn ? Pier blunderingly proceeded to apolo gise for, saying he had tumbled over something in his room in the dark; he did not attempt to say what. Keziah felt he- was telling her a lie, and instinctively the idea came Into her mind that he had had a tussle with Wilson, and she smiled. Strange that human beings are so. constituted that,; in the momesite wtoen ithey^ are saddest and most: soi» pressed, 'the captive mind releases itself- from bondage in Spite of all control, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. , So Ke ziah smiled in the depth of her trou ble. A few minutes later Mr. HaeSSit came down. He was much as usual, rude and Inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred? Could Wilson have been mistaken about Rim plers having found her out? These questions puzzled Keziah extremely, and she could not help thinking about them in spite of herself. ^ After, breakfast she noticed that Mr. Simpler made. no attempt 'to' -have pri vate communication with her husband, and she remarked this to Wilson, ana said that lie might not know, or, if he did, he might not be going to tell. 'Have you ever seen a cat with a mouse-, miss?' was the answer. 'She lets it run about, and think itself free, because she can put her foot on it when she likes.' 'Well/' said Keziah, -wearily. 'Only if it is to come, I wish it would come quickly.' CHAPTER XLIV. That morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the house of Rimmon, J-ubal and his uncle David were com ing across the Old Park from the sta tion of Jumley. 'What a heathenish place this is!' Jubal remarked to his uncle, 'looking scornfully around at the wretched tum ble-down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mounds of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. 'Really, I had no idea it was half so bad as this.' 'Ah, Jubal,' said his uncle, 'we never can judge a place till we've ano ther to compare it with. When I was a little lad, and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief , I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jum ley wasn't the finest place in the world. No, not that,' said David, blushing slightly. 'I was always more like run ning away than slaying anybody. But these mines,' he went on,pointing with his walking stick, 'weren't worked out then, Jubal, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your father, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby tfiat died, we used to play of a night at hopscotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, Jubal?' he said, in dicating the remains of one; 'many's the time Pve seen your grandfather washing what he called 'the first coat' off, outside that door. There was al ways a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for Mm. Your grand mother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed up, she said, as soon as it was cleaned.' 'Well, uncle,' rejoined Jubal, with a high' color in his cheeks, 'I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of having toad a grandfather who worked in a coal pit; nor am I particularly in terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet; nor of -games played 'by my father and Aunt Dorcas and you. Aid if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man.' 'He was a very good man,' said ins uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difficulty what he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jiibal went on— 'You see, however interesting these accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders.' .. 'But you are not an outsider, Jribfil,' replied his uncle, in the sarnie grieved tone. 'Still, you see,' went on Jubal, 'I never knew my grandfaiUier, which 5s ?alinost equal to mot belonging to him. Ami,' fae added, taking out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same time being very careful not to soil his strawcolor ed glove, wihich fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest »f white cuffs, 'I can*t say that I know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to except you.' And Jubal glanced fthnougih has long lashes at his uncle's Ssoce, to see the effect of Ms little compliment He saw only the troubled look. David did not care much for compliments, and did mot see them readily. But he did notice JuJjai% cigar, and said to him — 'WeE, Jubaa, 5f,I were you, I ^ould not go into your father's house emok ins, seeing he disJikes it bo.' ~ 'I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not cparifte hesce to palaver my father. They are not to kill the Batted calf on my tx&alf; , and hail -the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he?d fceH to all the clerks in the bank, if I itoumorell his wishes ever so little. If ine says I'm penitent it shall be a direct Me; he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it Aaid see, uncle,' he saad, point ing with the hand in wSrieh hejheld Bis lighted cigar for a moment, 'as you are fond of reminiscences, liefe is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother dmang tite latter part of &er; delightful sojourn in tMs neighborhood.' Dayid, slow though, iie was, eooli take the impression of a tome as quick ly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal was making game of his grandmother; and it cut him to the toeart. Jubai ?had known her but as a qnenitous old woman, it was true; tout David had known her as the patient, hardwork ing mother of the family. He could re member many a time ?betas rocked an iber arms at the cottage door, wihen Be nad fallen down, or when, some playfel low ixad l-een 'Uttang lorn. He did not put all this in words, but =h© said with a gentle dignity whkfli became Mm greatly — ' ??-' ' 'You asked me, Jubal, mot io speak about your graafcafaaaier, or our child hood. I mow beg of you mot to refer to your grasidanofeer, -whom you sever knew— I repeat it, afever lausvr; for people are not themsdres in&t; someone atse.wben t3*ey «ra 'worn down by many-griefs.' -'Oft, all right, vauSe,'' said Jubal. '1 didn't meant to hurt you. It'* all true -what you say. I was jtmiy joking either.' 'Tiat was jost It,' said ©avid; 'you were 3oKng,w . : . . They were now passing a ruineaen gihe-^house; and Jubal, ihappening to glance down, saw. lying- .&aSf-Mdden; under a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchm^it. He took it up, and deliberately put It Into his pocket 'What's tint?' asked Us usoto. 'A bit of old parchment somebody lias thrown, away.' 'But you ih»v-e never examined it It might be some important document I don't know how you are to know, if you don't examine it.' The fact- is iiat Jubal did know VWhat it was, and did not wish his uncle to know — that is, he knew to a Certain extent. He had recognised his father's ' handwwriting upon it; that was enough for htm. Yes; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what ihe bad picked up, and wish ing to change his thoughts, remarked, 'What an awful mess tihis road makes of one's boots and one's trousers!' 'You can turn your trousers up,' re plied his uncle, looking down at Ju bal's. 'I turned mine up in the station.' 'But you see,' returned Jubal, in a lordly fashion, 'trouser-bottoms never sit well when they've been turned up. It auite snoils the look.' This kind of talk was beyond David's comprehension. But just as he had always thought that Joshua knew bet ter than he did, so now he thought tiiat Jubal did, at least in most things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weaker one. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coui-se which threatens disaster; surely the wind cannot be at fault. Why then trouble to alter the sails? The boat smashed to atoms, but what of that? One 'must submit to the will of Provi dence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down, and' smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, people might be at the window— people he had known, and who had known him when he was sliabby, and used to go about with a stoop. Boys he used to play marbles with would probably see him. Well, if they did, they should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought who was not ruined by his fathers disinheriting him, who *was not coming home in sackcloth and ashes to denote his re- . pentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's house to ask bread. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favor by his presence. The door was opened- Sarah, who had not seen Jubal so long, could hard ly keep her joy in. She seized him after the manner of the Black Country people, not too gently. 'And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's grow ed into,' she exclaimed. 'Bless his handsome face.' It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as she could think of that she began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. In fact, he was considering whether she had been cooking and might possibly grease his clothes. He said— 'Oh, so it's you, Sarah. How do you do?' This without a smile, and in a very condescending way; and he was about to pass her, when he turned back and putting his band in his poc ket took out half a crown. 'Here, Sarah,' he said, superiorly, 'you lent me half a crown once; here it is. I just remembered it.' Sarah stared at him in blank amaze ment, but did not hold out her hand — ?the hard-working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labor to the uttermost in loving ofllces for those she cared for. Jubai dropped the half -crown into her hand, taking great care not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over head, and began to sob, while she gasped out— \- 'No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one shake of his hand.' Jubal flushed, and. drew off one of his tight-fitting gloves. 'Dear me,' he said, 'if it's a shake-hands you want I don't object to shaking hands;' and he held out a hand white enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it How many have had to suffer a like disappoint ment; how few are prepared for it be forehand. Our brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and berak ttielr hearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home^ Jubal merely did as the world does; only Sa rah had never thought out the ques tion. She knew for years she had lightened his life when he was at home aaid miserable, that she- had dur ing the: past -week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And mow he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. 0 simple Sarah! with your good heart, you have madfe and hidden away in the cupboard an apple-pasty for him; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple-pasty now. Pate de foie grais is more in his line. You may as iwell leave the pasty in the cupboard wtoea^e it is. But people in the Black Gountry don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. Aaid Sairafli'ecry.brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. ' Wtea*evs*6 this disturbance about,' saM that lady. But her eyes failing on her nephew, she was thun derstruck by has appearance. Could this handsome figure 'that. might have come oat of a gentleinaar'e fashion book be her nephew Jubai? It seem ed impossible. 'How d'ye do,' aunt?' said Jubal, extending the tips of has fingers. 'I think you aire too fine for each a house as this,' she remarked some wfeait cuttingly. 'We are not grand enough for such a fine gentleman.' 'A»h,' said Jobal, with a mock bow. (Saxaji had slipped away into the kit chen.) 'It is not to enjoy myself. I hare come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see,' he said, hop Ing Ms father was somewteere within hearing, 'I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust But really, aunt you axe ibehind the times down bere aH Jumley; green isn't ia fashion, 70a know, now— -not an Manchester.' This, was a epiteful thrust and it .went home. 'You are very rude- in deed,' rejoined Dorcas, feeling tne glory die out of Jier green silk never theless. 'I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know Wfcaite in fashion better than you. Weil, David,' she said, taming abruptly -towards her brother; and a cool family, kiss was exchanged. : ???' / But where wae Mrs. Simmon ail ithis time? Will it foe believed, she was within bearing, and yet did not come to speak to her eon? She was half -afraid. He did not seem to have received Hoe others well; wbat would he think of her? (To be «0utttraft&) 