comments by the country press. (ballarat courier. 23rd July. Mr. Allison Smith's four farthings, against a whole heap of adverse findings on other counts, nnd distressing dubiety as to costs by way of appendix to the farthings, are but poor oomfort for all his labor. Tiio farthings must, on this view of the whole affair, be to him like mocking ghosts of hopes that told a too flattering tale and have left him hopelessly stranded upon the shore where bo many other adventurers have perished. . The plaintiff wont for big money compensation and moral solace as well, and has got very little of either, so that he may bo regarded as wofully worse off at the end than at the beginning of his battle with The Age. And yet our sympathies are not drawu out very warmly towards him, beoauBe we re member that his opponent fought a stout battle for tho State, and Mr. Allison Smith was only an occidental recipient of wounds in tho encounter. The Age taokled vigorously and daringly a liugo array of mismanagement by whose errors the Victorian public were taxed to the tune of hundred of thousands of pounds, and Mr. Allison Smith chanced to be an item in the general catalogue. The Allison Smith v. Syme notion was only one of several dealing substantially with tho sftmc battle of the newspaper for the pubtio Interests, and tho defendant has boon mulcted in his own costs of defenoe to a very largo sum, which none of his suers have paid or are likely to pay. Ho has won against his pursuers, but will not be able to recover his costs, uud the question arises whether in such a case the State, which he has so well served, should not be called upon to indemnify bim for his oosts out of pocket. A very Augean stable of misrule and waste at the railways has been largely cleaned out by the exertions of the defendant newspaper, and the saving to the taxpayers of the colony is sub stantial. Is it right, then, that the proprietor of tho journal whioh has done so solid a picco of sorvice for tho State should be fined in some thousands of pounds for having rendered the publio this service? For that is really what the result of the libel actions against The Age comes to. The plaintiffs have failed substantially, nnd the defendant newspaper has won substantially, hut tho proprietor has to bear all the same a heavy loss in the shape of law costs. The fight the paper made was a public one, fought on publio issues, and causing an immense saving to the State in the administration of the railways, nnd it seems to us that tho taxpayers and rail ways users who gain by the battlo fought and won by the defendant will, in the mass, be inclined to say that Parliament will do well to consider the propriety of voting a sum by wny of ; fair recoup to The Age for very splotulid " work and labor done" in the public interests. In connection with the matter there naturally arises again the general question of lihel law, and the need of Victorian libel law being made j like that of the mother country. South Aus tralia is moving for such a reform of the law, and it is no oredit to the Victorian Parliament that the bill submitted last session should have been rejected as it was. "We can regard this baulk as temporary only, for it is impossible to suppose that the people of this colony will long consent to be behind the old country in the matter of protection to the public press, which is tho people's foremost defence against both pub lio and private wrongdoing. Thero arc threo main defects in our present law, ami the publio safety as allied with the freedom of the press demands that these defects shall bo remedied. The leform in question includes what the British law gives— the right to publish fair and aocurate reports of local bodies aud of public meetings, and exemption from criminal process for libel unless the consent of a judge in cham bers has first been obtained. The law in . Britain makes the roports in question privileged, and that is what should bo law here, all due guards for public and private rights being at the same time provided for by the law. 1 