EiVRLY CLOSING. SCENES IN THE ASSEMBLY. SIR JOHN DOWNER AND THE LABOUR PARTY. BILL SHELVED DY MAJORITY OF6 lntheAmeiublyonTuejdayMr. Ashrewmed the debate on tbo second reading of the Early Closing Bill. Lie condemned tbe socialistic teudeueios whicn churaoterizud Government measure*, a lew years ago it w juiu nave been impossible to carry x law m would mako it possible as under thu Bill ior u woman to be lined or sent to prison for salting a peuny reel of cotton to another. Is was held that tbe majority uu't txi.'.: I la agreed with that in oertuia onea, bas a majority could deal are in favour of executing all red headed people. Nj inijjtivy wou.d have a right to do oli*:, our Ii.kI » majority any moral right to iuort'ero by U.v v/u!i liuronjcio affair* as wa* proposed un-iur this liiil. The phrase that th9 ui.ijurity iuu--: ruin was bninz used to mver every ic\qu- ty. L'ha minority only favoured this LJ.:!, but they wer-- noisy aad expert iu a!! politic*: warure, nad beiog in the oity at:raoi»d the .v.tuntioa oi tho Ministry more shan tha-.x wiio remained quiet outside* l[w wouM vu;u az.uniS th-* Bill under waicn i: wmU! ba nibble for a pan to be s«nt to pnsua .'or .-i-stSin? a loaf ut bread after ti o'c|j-:k »s mot. ua'.il recently the tendency oi I»-mU:io;i had beeu to remove therewiuiiunion tra-Je, au-1 %ilo* ainan to buy and m-II an hu pleated. Tne 3jciaiistio Part; tineirtfi '-o re.nova a'.l that freedom, and bring back all the old reiurictiuai uuder new names. Tyranny wai th» aame, whether it proceeded from the equ.ttter or the little band of Socialise* matquerading uuder the name of the United Labour Party. The title was deceitful aud 'o were the speeches in support of i:. b+oause timy hid from the people the true oc]-rct of tbe measure, which wm to punish pc-o^la f--r doiug what wm now legal. \Va« is ;nore criminal to sell a» live minute* pass 0 than it wm us live minute* to G? The foot that Sir John L-ibbot:k nad proposed a similar proposal in England did not throw upon Ssuth Auitraiia thn ubUeacion of ariou: infc the Bill, especially as EaK-and hid not adopted the proposal. E^ide*. the English proposal ditfeted, inasmuch as it provided that no local authority should put c&6 law into operation un:it id hvi received from two totrds of the shopk-iep-H in each dis triot a request tn.it is should do bo. That woulU really be local option. The whole proposal ot cbe Bill wat eo funda mentally unjust sbat no rear(ait-!ttruent of im details could mako it just. Tho bast looal option was exeroi«ed at present, because where those who did not wish to shop after 6 o'olook no shops wero «pnu. Under the Bill the people iu Narr*:ou;td, supposing they ohanged their preasn: vit*Mrj, would bo able to ?hnt up the sbopa an Minin^ie and East Wellington, or it would bt- p.^dibte for tbe village settlements, acting under the advice they were acuuttomed so rewire, could shut op shopj iu Luuin-Jitle and Millicant. And in the m»tropolit%n aa-l suburban area, why should the peopla at M»-ill, I'arluide, and Burniidd bo u.mipsiled to close their shops beoaute a majority of the people at Forl Adelaide votfd ia tiia) direotion. The total volntn* of trade in any yiven district did noli remain fixed ; il depended upon ciruuicstancoi, and tbo hours at which the people were allowed to bay. lie had been told by a suburban shop keeper thai soven-piotbi of bi-t trade wan done after 6 o'clock at night. Several bad told him that they sold half cf their goods after t- o'clock. Parliament nhould uoc prohibit things which were to tho publio convenience. Although in Adelaide and ituburbi tboimnds of people left work on datardays at 12 or 1 o'olook, they found is inconvenient not to shop in tbe afternoons. They did not oare to carry parrels with them to rao* meet ings or achletio sports. It would ba most dangerous to aucopc th« doctrinn that because one man, possiblya shop aiiMt-int, in Hundle street was inconvenienced tho rinbt* of people to buy aud sell should be restricted. If people were not allowed to buy as at present onn result would be to injure the small shapi in the suburbs. This was Admitted by some of tho advooates of early closing. The fundamental mistake was that the shopt were created for the benoGt of the shop assistant*. They had their rights undoubtedly, but tboir hardships bad been magnified. The chop auutant did not work anythiuR lika so bard ai tho ordinary house wife who had four children to look after, a baby to suckle, and managed the home. In a number of instances he had sees assistants put aside a book or some needlework in order to nervo a customer. Tbe alleged conditions as regards ohop assistants seemed to be purely a fabrication for political purposes. Toe very poor ]-oople found it nesetsary to buy after C o'clock, in many cases because they were not able to get their money before that time on Saturday night. To buy kloaf was to be criminal, but to spend the tame amount of money on beer was not to be oonsidered an offence. (Laughter.) Tbe Bill prevented a man from buying a steak after t- o'olock if he wore to cook it himself , but he could buy it if someono else cooked it for him. (Laughter.) Chami-U would bo obliged to close baoame they Hold other ar ticles than drugs. Tho constant ditSoulty would be to decide what was a sale. Fre quently peoplo od their way to the hilU or elsewhere made purchaxRd aud called for them on their return to tbo cityafter lio'olock. Would the delivery of these goods to the pur shaaers earlier in the day conituuts an olfence under tbe Aot 1 It it were to be regarded as an offence people would be compelled to go to the inconvenience of carting tho things about with them all day, or leaving them tempo rarily with notiiebudy who wu uot a shop keeper. What was the iliffurcnce between selling wholesale and retail'.' If trade wad very brisk the sLopkeuprr could cell goods from a barrow nut«t Jo hn door. .Suppose in a poll there wm only a nnjinty oC one, would it not be carrying tbe puv.-er of the majority a little too far by penalizing the people who happened to be in a nnooriiy of one? Iu a oase under tbo Act in Victoria a woman was obarged with selling snma bread and fish to a customer. She explained that) the customer had been out of work for a loou' time, and had only secured work that day, and obtained some money to buy food for hi* wife and family. The shopkeeper w&* fined Is. and costs becauin the charge wan proved. People spoke about tbe evils of Into shopping, but no one told them to wfcat extent it went on. If a tuntb of thecont of the Shop* and Factories Commission bed been spent on it the information ojuM easily have bnen secured. He had api-nt aomo nights enquiring into the matter, and found that on a Saturday night this year there were 17!) shops, inoluding 11 hotel*, open in Rundle-straet ; and 141 shops, including IS hotel*, opro in Hindley itreet. When the Shoos and Factories Com mission wm kitting th« total number open was 2JI1, in which thorn t*j only one customer, and the other «hop-- had customers running up to ten. It was fair to assume that in the metropolitan area tb^re were about 1,000 ahops open on Saturday night, and about k 10,000 purchases would be made. The great I majority of the purchaser* would be those who signed petition* n-Uin* that these purehatss should bo d^.irI. A large Saturday trade was dona in the oojntry. Ha pointed mi; that tbo petitions to Parliament on tho Bill were not as good as they had been represented. Names appeared in the pid.m hM:dwritiug. Tbe petition presented by Mr. Wood, who represented V.irth Adelaide, contained tbo Dames of only threw resident* of that district. That presented to the Lloii'e by Mr. Scherk did not contain the name of one shopkeeper in East Adelaide, tho district for which «Mr. Soberlc was a member. Tha feature of one petition was that i: contained the names of eight member* of the MucOiriuaek family at Brompton. These eight puraoDs were repre sented as bsin? over twenty-onp, and all unable to write, and 90 made crocses, without the signatures of witnessps. It wu extremely doubtful if «uch a family could be found in South Australia. He found that two members of tbe family who could not write when they (tinned the petition wrote a very good band, or. rather, the writing appeared to be in the same hand, soon afterward*, whnn thoy applied to have their nan)?-on tti-- electoral roll. (Laughter.) If the name« of t*ii* group of pitfht p?oplu were more or \u--* fictitious, there we«a proba bility of oth-T (.'roupa of names being equally fiotitiou*. It' read letters front different parts of tbe c-jlony pr3t»*tin^ against the Bill. The Bill sought to revive the oerfdom of the past. Hu muvd.1 that it iw read a second time that day six tnucth.-. ( Hoar, hear. ) Mr. Kiddocb roi-rred to tba straightfor ward argum^nrsa^ftin-v tha iiieasiiM, wbioh wm based upou s.'iitiuien:. TiiO'p9ech of tbe Premier was !»«s forcib!,. tn-.a ho expeoted, ooosidencg he w.11 iiurh a fri»-n 1 of humanity. He could pcarct-ly bclievo that the women suffered i-0 severely from lon« hour^, and if «o the evil could L-i remedial by kmi bt-iiig pro ' vided for the »;si-Unv-. A k-r--at rienl was ?aid of tho vitiate-l almo^jihete. but even if the a-.»i»t.in:* wro tr-.-e from busioe-« thr-y uo'ill -i^an tlisir oven ings in pltcos vi an-.iKpuirnt or in rooms in priva*.^ ho;:^s whnn* the air was vitiated. The o'.Oiiy hal :mo much lfii*l». lation, and thi* m--.v.iri- micht bi- left ovnr foi the country to prunoim-? an ouir.ion upon. lie did not want ih» onrumonity iniibeil of \u independence, and it the country woiv nailed there would b-- a lar*:-' ii!.:;on:y neaic^t 1:. The country whk tr.::ob dijtiirui'l by nocinliitic utterances and eti-it-mt-nr. In thin Mi-mire the peopln had no: only tti vntcou the measure, but «v«ry now .131I th--n \i-\\\o n pell. Tbii would take up much tiir.t*. u-ht-renn the mor« time they gavn to peuoV to attend to theii own business the b»tirr nn:i th» more likely they were to anoceeJ. Tiiore wero too many people in the towns, and it would be better il they went back to the country, bnt the cod' djtog under tbe moasare would not tempt people to go out of the oitioj. It was not such - irandmotherly legislatiou which 'had built up the English nation. If the present Govern ment remained in office muoh longer, backed up by the socialistic clasd, there would be a paralysis both mental aad phyaiol whioh would destroy the colony. {.Mr. Brooker— Oh, obeer up.) He vra« serious. He was ploa-ed to thick the measure was not likely to pas*. Mr. Price said the speakers had referred to tha socialistic tendencies of the age and the House. It was a popular thing to damn any thing by calling it socialistic). It waa the old (fame of the politician. The term socialist had *b*en hurled at people, and ic remained wi:h thorn until it was accepted as honourable. It was at Antioch that a band of poor we»k fools wsrntneerioRly called Ohnatians, and the term MothoditU vu also sneeringly appli-d. Krtforring to opposing speech**, he said thaa Mr. Glyun belonged to the old Manobester school, which he wu pleased to see wa« dying. The democracy of England had dealt it a deathblow, and shown that it would rather have the old aristocrats than the grouping cruel avarice of commercialism. He could take iuembnr« to a youug fellow who worked thirty- eight hours a week overtime in a warehouse, and dared not ack for a penny more because he knew ho would b* told that othnr people v/ero anxious and ready to do his work. No mat '.or bow tho oause might be sneered at, the c^use of humanity was bound by the evolution of thiugs to come to tbe front. Credit for the advocacy of early closing was not a'.ose duo to the Early closing Association, out aluo to the noble band of men v.'bu from the pulpit appealed to the people. Mr. Foster, who had been trained iu the old M^uchester aohool, had *aid tbe meahuru would kill the shopkeeper*, but since the bou. immbor'n speech be had presented a petition numerously signed hy ihopSeeuers in favour of the Biil. Shopkeepers at present had to fear tbe operations of concentrated capital. It w»a not olosing at 0 o'clock ilia: would kill the small shop*, bu; the pocer of tba big estabiuh menu, wbich bought in thnuhMpestRiark^ts, and ootnmandod t'.ib trade, lie raid a pub lisbod letter f roui an eutvro auburbau «torj keaper in support of tho measure, the writer pointint: out that the graduated early-closing ?oale would restoro b'juniss on a profitable baais-(Sir .1. W. Djwner— Would you mention tbe writer's name iooidentally ? Lr.nahcer.)— and that it would save instoadof oruah the big shopkeepers. It was staled that the writer 'h name would be given on enquiry. (Laughter.) Some bon. members had atked what was moral suasion. It was certainly not hitting a fellow in the head with a brick when be. disagreed with him. (Laughter.) The labours of tiuse who had beeu engaged iu tho early-dosing movement for years were worthy of their greatest admiration. (Bear, hear.) They Dad devoted money every week towards paying thncost of holding meetings in tba Town Hall and elsewhere and other things. What did all this mean? (Sir J. W. Downer Had they no other fish to try * Hear, hear.) Perhaps the hon. gentleman would exulain what h« meant. (Sir J. W. Downer— Hear, hear.) Ho (Mr. Price) could only sen above the surface of the movement. ( Mr. Solomon — H«tar, hear. ) Moral kuaaion was believed iu up to 1S!W. Tho Early-dosing Association had bean the strongest opponents of Parlia mentary interference, and it was only when they discovered that tbe position they had gained was about to be lost that they aikod for the protection of Parliament. This early cloting movement was closely connected with the- question of big rents in Kundle-street. Legislation of human aooiety, according to the Editor of the (Xariitn, was essentially social. (Sir J.W. Downer— It is not socialism, hut plutocracy. Mr. Batch elor —Experts differ.) Of course anything that up«el vetted interests was termed sooialism. But men had a right to live, and they must live. Besides the right which Nature bad given to every man to bis property, bis free dom, and his life, he had had oonferred upon him a fourth right, and that was to defend his property. (Mr. Solomon— Oh, that's old; there are women's rights ! Laughter.) Yen, and women's rights woro going to boom in the future. The bon. member's friends knew that by getting tbe ladies together at tea meetings and so on. (Laughter.) Govern ment was nothing more nor less than the carrying of thene rights into proper form and seeing that they were kept. Early cloiing to a certain extent had been acquired by moral suaninn. That was property to them as workers— ( Hear, hear)— and they had a right to tight for it, and if the definition he had quoted were correot they bad the right to make use of tha Government in keeping the position which they had acquired. (Mr. Griffiths— You make good use of them.) In the best-governed countries the law was being perpetually obanged— there was a process of decay and reconstruction. (Mr. Brooker— Like the Banks.) America was an illustra tion of that. (Mr. Sojomon— There is no country more corrupt in its politics than America. ) Tbat was owing to tbe bood lemon. (Laughter.) Fighting for early olosini; wu nec&Mary; because of tbo ibsincerity of people who professed to favour it. It hurt him considerably when a man working iu a late shop told him that girls who were engaged in an early-closing establish ment canib to his shop after U to buy ribbon and such things whiob they said they must have for Sunday wear. To fix the hours of labour for dortori, lawyers, journalists, and members of Parliament would diminish their liberty of action, while to soeure early closing for shop awataota would inoroaze their liberty. Liberty should have its limit* like anything else. It early closing were to be obtained by compact between employer aud employe1 where did the purchaser coma in? The Master Butchers' Association favoured early closing. (Sir J. W. Downer— They were not all tbe big ones.) The principal part of those who went to the market with their meat were members of this Association. ( tloar, hear.) He aiked members to put away their parochial considerations and vote for this Bill. He only wished he had the privi lege of addressing the oouotry eleators on tbe subject. lie would like hon. members to give him an invitation. (Mr. Griffiths— You have a standing invitation for the Northern Terri tory.) If the bon. member paid bis expenses he would not mind K°'DK there. (Laughter.) Mr. MoU.-nald thought every hon. member sympathized with early closing when made a question ot moral suasion. The cause of the threatened fail of the early- oloEing system was the dissatisfaction of the people with it. The Premier had proposed an alteration to tbe Bill whioh made it muoh worse. There might be two shops, one kept by a widow with a family. She could keep open, and the other, kept by a woman who employed a man, would have to close. That wai olass legislation of tbe worst kind. The local option in the Bill would work unfairly. Tbe measure would create a big monopoly, for the whole of the trade would be done in Rundle-street. Sir John Downer said in listening to Mr. Prioe he was reminded of a remark by tbe late Chief Justice Bovill that 'he bad tbe fer vency of St. Paul and the inaoourecy of Ananias.' He did not agree with Mr. Ash and Mr. Kiddooh as to the Bill being socialistic It wan for the benefit of tbat olass wbich he had never oooe during his career supported— tbe plutocrcoy, who wanted to take everything aud give no one else a ohance. Tbe Labour Party had fallen into tbe trap. As usual with men who supposed themselves to be learned they fell into the pitfall. (Ob.) Tbe whole speech of Mr. Price was simply a topetitiou of tho uaual lamentable want of knowledge shown by a number of members of the House, who never from their previous ex perience, training, or by observation bad any justification for toe expression of the absolute omuion that they favoured the House with from lime to time. Mr. Archibald— Let us hear tbe great Pooh Mr John Downer had heard a great many, and their density had only been equalled by the immensity of their ignorance. He had exposed many, but he regretted that he had not expoied more. He acknowledged his tranegmation. Tbo Premier— And your sin is ever before you. Sir John Downer— Mr. Price dealt with generalities and never understood tbe Bill ; but he was always in the olouds. He was surprised at tbe utter ignorance as to who would benefit from tbe measure. Mr. Pric9 told them tbat the big rent* in Kundle-street v;ere the eauce of all the need for tbis Bill. This land tax was dragged in continuously by this ignorant oiass, and who were the. sup porters of the present Government. Although he disliked the Premier and believed that be wa* a political curse to South Australia, ho admired infinitely the ability with which he managed to keep tho-«e gentlemen, *o learned in their own esteem and yet so ienoraut in faot, in his meshe*. and the olevernws with which he humbugged them from time to time. Mr. Mcl'herson— We can see through you. Sir John Downer— -See through me— they oauuot seo through theintalves. He accepted the Premier's smile as an appreciation of the compliment to his ability, at which ha marvelled. Mr. Solomon— It is bis Caledonian ounning. (Ltugbter.) Mr. Price oume in, and Mr. Coneybeer remarked— Come here, you ignorant man, and hoar what an Aoanian you are. Sir John Downer— Who disputed what tha htm. tn- mbor said ? He upoko of nothing but tho publio oonduot of bon. members. Mr. Coneybeer— You have u»ed language durinp the la^t ten minute* unworthy of you. Sir John I Mwnor would not go to that data for a political charaoter. An bon. member— Oh ! Didn't you seek th« party 't support? Sir John Duwner— Who «aid he had ap proncb.'d tbo Labour Parly told lies. The Premier— At every opportunity. Sir John I tawner charged the Premier with pla-ing both direotly and indireotly to the Labour Party. Mr. Hawker— And playing with them? Sir John Dowuor-Aud playing with the*. Tbe Speaker— I ask the hon. member to deal With the Bill. The Premier— Come to facts, if you can. Sir John Dotrner— When did the Premier speak of facts without bluster ? If the Pre mier wo-ild only remember the dignity due to his oto'co. Mr. Coneybeer— I don't know where your dignity comes in. The Speaker— I hope the hon. member will disouts the Bill. Sir John Downer— If hon. members would not interject I could get on. Mr. OoneybMr— Then don't slander. Mr. Henry Downer— Prioe is the man to slander. Sir John Downer said he bad been referring to excellent-meaning but not well-informed members. Mr. Coneybeer— That's our misfortune. Sir Johu Downer— Tbat was the misfortune of South Australia. When be was inter rupted he was dealing with the well-m-aninjt butnot well-iuf ormed party, and with thostate went made by Mr. Price that the big rents in Kundle-msa'! were at th* botton of the oppo sition to the Bill, lie said from the big bouwes in Rnndle-sireet came the movement for and the support of the Bill. From the small houaea oame tbe opposition, and tbe Labour Party could congratulate themselves tbat they wero advocating the viow of thwe who were opposed to thorn. Mr. Coneybeer— If yen think so you would not take the jtosition you do. Sir John Downer— I suppose it is not poMible for thtt hon. member to make mistakes. I mako mistakes myself. Mr. Coneybeer— Oh, no. Sir John Downer admitted that be oould not make so utauy as the hon. member. He objected to legislation wbich in terfered with all the natural conduct of life, and it would come back upon that class who opposed it. The Bill proposed that every one except those who tupplied tbe luxuries to she publio came under it. See the monstrous inconsi«tency of tae measure when is wm a crime to buy a ste«.k and 000k it, but not to buy a xceak when it was cooked. A man might starve, but he must not lose bis tobacco or his drink, and tbat was tbe radically sensible Bill by which they were studying the rights of labour and preventing the autocrat* from keeping people at work. T^ey had cruelly wasted nix days previously in disoussing the measure, and now at ihe end of the session when there were im mensely more important matters to consider it was oalled on again. It was delayed first because tho Premier did not oare about the Bill. The Premier— That is about as true as tbe rest of your statements. Sir John Downer— It is as true as any state ment you make. The Premier— It is worthy of Sapphira. Sir John Downer— The Premier may bully the Bouse ae muoh as he liked. The Premier— Those statements stink of the coho and dyspeptic. Sir John Downer said they recognised tbe falsity of the Premiers indignation through out. 'The Bill was kept back so as to secure a compromise so as to pa.s tbe Bill. The Bill wouldoloaetheshopsatthe time when thepoorer olasses generally went shopping, and was play ing in to the hands of the plutocrat shopkeepers, wbo were gradually getting all tbe trade into tbair hands and orusbing out the poorer classes. Mr. McPherson— Why did you not support the State advances ? Mr. H. B. Downer— Why don't yon talk about the squatters' valuations? Tbe Premier— Yes ; why not? Sir John Downer recognised that the inter jections were equally worthy of the people they came from, and were equally irrelevant. Mr. Arohib»ld— Thank God, I cannot come up to your conooit. Sir .John Uowaer sarcastically suggested that Mr. Arohibald, who bad managed to eduoate himself upiu everything, might assume a little modesty. The Bill was supported by the very olasH whioh the Labour Party attacked. Mr. MoPhbrson— I sever attacked any olass, but prinoiples. Sir John Downer— The Labour members never rose without making an attack. Mr. Coneybeer— That's ialse. Tne Speaker called upou Mr. Coneybeor to withdraw his statement. The Premier pointed out that the hon. member for Barossa had accused various members of falsehood and compared them to The Speaker.— I most oaref ally followed the bon. member, and he has so far not infringed the rules of Parliament. Mr. Coneybeer— At your wish I will with draw the statement because it is unparlia mentary. At the same time I will ust. other words. The Spsakor requested an unreserved with drawal, whioh Mr. Coneybeer gave, but substituted that it was absolutely incorrect. Tbe Premier— ThM'd perfectly legitimate. The Speaker askad hon. members not to interject. Sir John Downer ironically congratulated tbe Premier on having etuioed bis end. He had never said the party attacked individuals. There was no doubt that a good many men could lie told with truth they were liars. The Premier— You are one. Sir John Downor had never spoken any thing about the disingenuousness of Mr. Coneybeer, aad there was no necessity for Dim to be indignant. He had only spoken about tbe mistaken lines whioh they were followiug. He never asoiued them of attacking indi viduals, but in tbis case they were attacking privileges which their own class needed, and they ware playing into the hands ot the big Rundle-ttreot rirmj, and building up a monopoly. Mr. Wood— Many of them are opposed to the Bill. Sir John Downer said it was a qualified antagonism, but there was a strong feeling among thorn in favonr of the Bill. The effect would be to centralize all the trade in Ade laide, for the Labour Party represented Ade laide and nothing else. Mr. McPherson— More gag. .Sir John Downer said tbe effect of the measure would be that all the shops oa the outskirts of tbe district where it was most convenient to trade would be olosed and the business confined to the city, and the result would be a few biz monopolies in tbe oity. There had been uo serious demand for the Bill, oxcept by a few mistaken persons. He objected to absolute government by tho majority, which was the whim of the moment, and ho booed the Bill would be rejected. Mr. MoPherson said the speech of Sir John Downer was one of tho moat remarkable to whioh be had ever listened. He bad been in tbo House four years, and be never recol lected an instance where an boo. member supposed to be learned in tbe law and learned in good manners bad stood up and made such a speech as they bad heard that day. When they took into consideration tho fact that the hon. member was supposed to be learned in everything whioh wont to make up a good old English gentleman— a member wbo had the hoi^ur of being a member of the University Counoil— they were surprised to find him make the statements whioh he bad done, aud which the meanest our that walked the Mtreets would no: have dared to do. He bad beard men behind hotel bare with a pipe in their mouths and a glass in their hands make all serts ot oharaes, but he had never heard a cur behind a bar make such daepicable statements about bis fellow-creatures. It *as not done to benefit humanity or the people of South Australia, but to try and make the people of South Australia believe that there were men in the House who were as low bred as the boo. member, if his speech was any indi cation of breeding. The Speaker— I think the hon. member is ont of order. Mr. MoPbevson — I regret to have to say IUCII B CUIDK. Mr. Solomon— You ought to. The House tben adjourned for dinoer. Mr. MoPbenon, on resuming, said Mr. Price had never made a more excellent speeoh than he made tbat day. The object of Sir John Downer was clearly to damage the hon. [comber. There was, however,.oriticism and criticism, and when an bon. member descended bo low as to say thas certain hon. members were born low, bred low, and at present their general bearing was of a low obaracter ? (Mr. Solomon — No such statements were made.) Undoubtedly they were made. (Mr. Solomon — Insinuations ; undoubtedly they were not made.) Ho repeated tbat the statements were made. The hon. gentleman said a section of tbe Houje to whioh he bad the honour to belong were not capable of taking any intelligent part in politics. Snob a statement was not calculated to pro mote tbat good^ feeling which ought to exist betivaen all sections of the House. To liken Mr. Price's utterances to theinac ouracies of Ananias was tantamount to saying tbat the hon. member deliberately stood up and told a number of untruth*, knowing them to be nntruthi-, with tbe desire to deceive tbe population of this country. No hon. member could take greater credit for placing a matter fairly before the llouso than the member for Sturt, wbo had never wittingly said anything which he deiired the electors should think was untrue. After the mauner in which Sir John Downer had spoken that evening tbe respect wbich they had previously for him bad departed, and they could no longer look to the hon. member for Barosna as being the gentleman, the learned, and, leo them hope, true aud bincere Ktntleman that thsy thought he was. (Mr. Grainger— Ob, let \xi weep. Mr. Solomon— May you not iuc'uda tbe Attorney-General's gentlemanly interjections?) The Labour Party had not followed Sir John Downer lx-caiise they did not trust him. (Mr. Solomon— You like a man you can kick and please alternately. Laughter. Mr. B»tchelor— Are vou oflfenog yournlf. Solomon? Laughter.) The «eotion of the House to wbnh he bad tbe honour to belong endeavoured to serve the best interests of the colony. It the hon. member for Barossa had been on the Treasury benobee, and bad the same support ae the present ooou Cats ?ftswTnaeipr benches, be would not vt os4« th« ?pMoh he had that e?e»iag. It made a wouderiul difference o:i which side of tbe House one was. (Mr. Handyside-HN'o doubt about that. Laughter.) If the hon. member for Bsroeta thought bo was going to overawe the section of the House to whioh he belonged by his vulgar remarks he made a great mistake. But they must all reoognise tbat tbe hon. member was having thtt first beat of the Conservative drum. (Mr. Solomon— Yon aro tooting for the Labour Party.) Tbo Conservative Tarty on Monday had a bad time of it, and no dtubt the bon. gent'.eman was suiToringa recovery. (Hon. J. H. Hov/e— Oh, oame to the Bill.) Tho v/hole tone of the debate bad shown that the Uoufs wm anxious to discuss tho Bill impartially, and the hon. gentleman was tbe firvt to throw discord iuto the discussion. Tho Bill aifected not only men, but women and young girlf, who wer-- dependent to it Kreat extent upon Parliacionc lor i-yinpatby iti regard to th« nunibor of hours whioh thoy worked. Tiio object of tbe Bill wo» to give tho workers a little more recreation than they had at present. If the benorits of education woro to have any effect there must be thortcoiing of hours. Could it be paid tbat the 403,000 men assembled in Hydo Park to a»k tba Govern ment for an olfjht-bour* day woro 100 jruo raut to understand what they wert asking for ? It was unnecessary to create the pluto crats of whom Sir John Downer spok«, for they already existed iu Uuudlo-street. Unless iho early closing woro maintained the position would be r.ll t&o; worsn for the suburb*, because tho city shops would make it so hot that tha trade of the suburb* would roturu to the city ou -Saturday nights. (Mr. $uloiut-n— Thsy ihut up bs caiwe they oould not pvv for their gas that would be uisd.) Liberty was on the tongue of every opponent of tho Bill. Thoir liberty was no liberty. Tnere wan to be liberty to no one except the meu with ir.onoy. (Mr. Solomon— Che name old cag, olass a£aiu«t class. Hon. J. 11. Howe— The same old thing. ) Aud tbe same old gag would be preached when bon. members were in their graves. He recommended Sir John Downer to study tbis quotation from Cicero:— 'One thing ought to be aimed at by all men : that tho in tares 3 of each individually aud of all col lectively should be the same, for if each should grasp at bis isdividual interest all human society would be dissolved.' (Mr. Solomon— There was no Labour Party in Cioero'sday.) There was nothing to justify the statement that the majority of the people wero unfavourable to early dosing. Mr. Ash's statement that evory bon. member's speech in favour of tbe Bill was deoai.iul was not worth paying muoh attention to. Hon. J. H. Hawd— Thore you go again.) However, air. Ash had been consistent in his opposition, and they oould all respect the opinion of a strong-minded man like Mr. Ash. (Hoar, hear.) Even the most extreme opponent might some day regret the utterances be made. Now, when they found employers soulless machines ont of touch with thoir em ployes, it was time legislation stepped in to secure the rights of the em ployes. Mr. Atb, with all his energy, had for months nought to establish a home for weak- minded children. Wbo knew but) that those weak-minded obildren were the result of the present damnable system of labour ? He would assist Mr. Ash all he knew, and he hoped Mr. Ash would try to do something, not only for weak-minded children, but to alleviate the iiositions of those who were work ing for unitcrupulcus employers. Mr. C«ldwell had yet to learn that what the Bill aimed at oould uot be obtained without legislation. Mr. Scherk pointed out that if ths Bill was lost the early-closing systura would bror.k down, and the small shopkeepars would be the eraa£A.-t wiffftrAr* Mr. Dowoer rogardod the Bill as another piecoof over-legisiatiou. Parliament had as much right to consider the purchasers ae the shop assistants. Moral suasion had been most effective in many ways, and were they going to upset tbe mutual arrangements which had been entered into between certain em ployers and thoir employes, by which the em ployes obtained relaxation from their labour? If the markets could be opened on Saturday uiirht it nhowad what a farce tbo Bill wan. The Hon. J. II. Howardyrettod tbat tne Bill had not ba«n disowned apart from feeliugi of party bias. Mr. Mcl'herson had spoken warmly, but ho wm not surpriced to bear Sir John Downer speak as tie did. For three yoars he had suffered all sorts of taunts and inu-*ndoes in the most docile way without replying. The Premier would not have so long withstood such an attack. The Bill was an attaok on liberty asd asraicst humanity, for it would only inorease a mono poly which interfered with the small tradors. Were the employers to be branded as people who bad no oare for their workmen and work women? Why, the employes were treated with the greatest kindness and civility and worked most harmouiously together. Mr. Blaokor told him that the attractions in tbe city were »o creat that ysung people from the country oouid not be kept at home. Tbat was altogether contrary to the oase as put by Mr. MoPherson. It had not been proved that the time had arrived for legislative aotion. (Mr. Hourigan— What, with women working till 10 and 11 o'clook at night for 5.». a week ?) This BUI would not increase wages. He regreteed that the Premier had allowed so much time to be occupied when he knew very well that there was nut a ghost of a chance of the Bill being carried. Mr. Coneyboer «aid Sir John Downer's intention from the beginuine was to give the Labour Party a jolly good biding. While be had not rnoeived as high an education as the hon. member, his career was as honest as that of the majority of men. His pareutd gave him as reasonable an eduoatiou as they could, aad he claimed to possess common seu-e and knowledge on various subject*. The energetic workers in the cause of early closing clearly recognised tbat legislation was the only alternative, lie wu sure in hU calmor moments Sir John Downer would regret what he had said. Personally be had done nothing since be entered Parliament to bo ai-hamed of. He deaed Sir Johu to say that he had at tacked individuals in tbe Uou»e. It was oroel of Sir John to make such assertions, and he hoped the Houso would never be treated to such an exhibition again. Mr. Short opuased th« P-ill. He did not beliove ia oentraliz*tioo, and if there was to be any benefit gained under this measure it should not be confined to the city. Mr. Blacker opposed the Bill. It was said the employes in the towns had bard times, but those who came from tbe oouutry were never anxious to return, aud _ mauy more were anxious to get situations in town, but oould not do so unless they happened to be good orioketers or footballers. The Premier, in reply, regretted the warmth whioh had been imported into the debate, and for which Sir John Downer was entirely re sponsible. Before he spoke the arguments were all put with becoming tei&perateness;, and there was nothing to provoke an ebulli tion cf feeling. H* complained not only of the toue of Sir John Downer's speeoh, but of tbe fact tbat he did not speak until the sixth day of the debate. On November 14, of course, there was more than a good reason why he should not speak, but, as Leader of the Opposition, Sir John should have ni&do; the House acquainted with hi* views before tben. What Sir John Downer said of him he treated with equanimity. Sir John assured him of hisoordial dislike, and said he regarded bi&i; as a political ourse. (Mr. Salomon— Hear, hear.) The dislike and our*e« of the hon. member and bis oollcaguein misfortune in 1S93 Were a matter of profound indifference to him ; in faot, they were torn*, thing in the nature of a compliment. (Sir John Downer— It is a pity you run aftor people you dislike.) He knew Sir John Down*r ran after him to get him to join his Ministry. Sir Jobn Downer— x 00 know you are tell ing a falis'jood. Tho .Speaker— I must ask the hon. member to withdraw that remark. Sir John Downer (sitting in his Mat)— I withdraw. T.itt Preaior— 1? that tbe proper way to withdraw it, Mr. Speaker? The Speaker— Perhaps the hon. member wi.l riao and withdraw ihe remark. Sir John Downer readily complied. Mr. Btrtiett— AocNo. 1. The Premier could give the particular date if necei'ary. He knew be waa speaking faots. Ha looked upon the hon. gentleman and all hn tribe as something resembling the unspeakablo Turk, whioh for the good of Soiuh Australia he hoped would go out of tba Europe of politics. (Laugh ter. Mr. Solomon— Mora Billingsgate.) Tha statement of tbe hon. member tbat the Government were advocating a bill they did nos believe iu was jaat as accurate as the suggestion of ignorance on the part ot a certain seotiou of the House. How could it be said tbat they were ignorant when from the very n»:ure of their poaitioo they could not help baing personally acquainted with this particular subject? He was' associated with the advocaay of early dosing before the Labour Party assumed anything like its present proportion*, and claimed to have an intimate acquaintance with the shop assis tants, lady assistants — (Mr. Solomon — Hear, h«ar)— and the oonditions in which they were. When lie moved the Bill be put it that the Bill wax fur the health and happiness of humanity. On tbs question of health medical meu agreed, and a« for the happiness and comfort of the assistants they had only to go into R'jndle-»;reet. see the stuffy shops, and feel th* atmosphere, and look at the weary countenance* of those who laboured in tbe houses to see the necessity for che Bill. A parallel bntween the conditions whioh existed in Adelaide with those in country towns could not be substantiated. Sir John Downer had cut loose from his supporters in this matter. The hon. gentleman found himself practically deposed oa account of bis laziness in connection with the Bill, Mr. Glynn having led the opposition in an admirably toned speech. According to Sir John Downer Sir Jobn Labhook and ?thar advocates of legislation «f this aractec wore fool*, and so were all who were here, while the hon. gentleman was tbe only righ teous and intelligent member. He hoped the hon. gentleman would withdraw the suggestion that ho ( Premier) was ende«vouriug to inorease plutooracy. It was the first time be had been accused of being interested in tbat direction. Sir John Downer knew very well shas tbe suburban ahops wouid not be closed by the passage of tbis Bill. A petition was sent numerously signed irom auburbaaskopkeepere. (Mr. Solomon— Bootmakers and blacksmiths.) Tbe lim dozen names at auy rate were thoso of grocers, and than they uiot tbe name of a bootmaker. So the boa. zentleim.u spoko one-tenth of th'J truth. He uoticr.d Sir Johu Downer had gone out of the House, (Mr. Solomon— Yen, lie u tired of listening to nucb talk.) He wished tbe hon. member bad followed hit. leader. In connection with in dustrial locution ho was never so useful as when he was out of the ilouue and asleep. As present the metropolitan shopkeeper* were olo*in£, aud to souta extent tbat wm an ad vautagd for tbo suburban shopkeepers, because trade whioh properly belonged to the metro |ioli« went to the suburbs. Is could not be expected that tbo metropolitan shopkeepers would submit to the advantages now enjoyed by tha suburbs. Iu tneir own interests the shopkeepers who signed a representative memorial to the House naked for the Dill so tbat there might be uniformity. Sneers had been levelled at the petitions tbat had been preneuted, and by members wbo ought to know better. The petition* repre sented more than 17.000 people, aad he knew of no parallel cite on aay BilL He looked forward with conttfeuce either to this Parlia ment or thonuxt, when tbis moasure would be on the Stkjute-book. Was a Government to bo condenjuod because, after listening to tbe arguments, it bad indicated amendments to meet tbe views of members ? Now there were oeven electorates which would constitute the metropolitan district, and lie was glad to kuoir that twelve, if uot thirteen, out of fourteen representatives of those distriots supported the Bill. Should they and the 400 shopkeepers and 17,000 electors who aigued the petition be denied the roqu««t? If it were a question of municipal legislation tbe interference of members not directly interested would not be tolerated. The Government bod also endeavoured to meet the oase of a shop conducted by a man and his wife and family only without tying themselves down to prooiee details as to the numoer of the family, &a; They bad tried to meat the views of members. Some members said, 'Why don't you apply the Bill all round?' If that had been done the greater would have been the opposi tion of those members. (Hear, hear.) The Government did not want to apply the Bill where it was not wanted. He would like to say that the speech Mr. A*h made, and par ticularly the first portion of it, woe no credit to him. He made all allowances for Mr. Ash, who was a pronounoed individualistic, and carried his individualism almost to a otaze. When Mr. Ash referred toad vooatee of early olosing as Cuadbands and Stigeinses— (Mr. Ash— Ididjoot refer toyou. Laughter.)— it was altogether unjustifiable, and tbe same remark applied to his assertion that members support ing the Bill only did so for election purposes. If Mr. Ash believed tbat it might equally besaid that his advocacy of help for weakminded ohildren was prompted with tbe same object. He might suggest to Mr. Ash that he woe looking the stable door after the steed wu gone, and his time would be even better occu pied in tiying to bring about conditions wbioh would produce healthy fathers and mothers. Mr. Oaldwell was a Parliamentary platitudi narian, and tbe manner of Mr. Rid doc h raminaea mtn ot tne pragmatical utterances of a political and Parliamentary prig. The Bill simply proposed self-government, and members from motives of opposition should not oppose it. If tho House rojnoted tho Bill the Government would appeal to the eleotors— (Sir Jobn Downer— Hoar, hear)— particularly tbe women eleotors, with the greatest confidence as to whether the people should have the right to govern themselves in this matter. Mr. Ash's amradmont— 'That the Bill be read a seooud time this day six months'— was carried on tbe following division, vailed for by the Premier : — AYES. 21— Me*««. BarMeU, Blacker. Catt, Sir John Downer, Mcwr*. Ulynn, H.i;ue, Hanilytide, Hawker, Qoinliu% Botva, K*llr. McDnnaM, MclAchiao, Motile, Packhara, Ramlell, Uiddocb, Short. Solomon. White, »nd A»h (telUrX Noes, lo-Meitm. Archibald. Brookar. Cock. Cnneylwer, Holder. Hooper, Hourican, Jenkins, MacGiliivriy, McPherxon, O'Lo«sblin, Povnlon, Price. Wood, and Kingston (teller). Majority of 6 tor the Aye*. Pairs.— Ayes— Messrs. Gilbert. Rile*. H. B. Downer, Castine, Caldwell, OrifOtlis, Burgoyne, and Butler. Noes— Messrs. Cockburn, Foster, Snhsrk, Lake, Landsoer, Batcbelor, Grainger, aad Oillen. ? 