[?] »wl y>mWwbM CCJul&O;) ,N (BY " CURLEW.") "Jack!" No answer. I was devouring the story of "Fisher's Ghost." " Jock !" in a higher key. " Ye-s, mother," but I still read on. " Come, come, my son, I want you to run down to Jack the Paperman'b for a packet of needles. Now do bo quick, there's a good boy." It is a good many years ago, and though the merest mite, I was even at that early stage of m y existence a precocious youngster. It was just 8 o'clock at night, after a hot summer's day in the TJralune Valley. Mother was mending the seat of my sohool pants, and though I rebelled a little, there was no alternative left bat to go. Mother was boss, and, wise lad, I knew it, though mothers nowadays are not. They are old-fashioned, and the children up to date. More's the pity. The room was brightly lighted up, and opening the door, the inky blackness of the moonless and almost starless night sent a shudder through me. I have often thought what a miserable little wretch J must have been in those days. Halt cowed, I shut the door again, visions of uncanny things dancing before me — the vapory creations of a boyish mind fresh from communion with " Fisher's Ghost." I fairly shivered with fear. " Hurry up, my son," said mother, look ing up over her spectacles from the darning, the good old bouI not knowing the quivoring feelings of her boy — a poor trembling little creature, fearing he knew not what. For the world I would not have her know I was afraid, so opening the door again I stepped out quickly. A creepy sensation of loneliness almost overcame me. Dark ! I placed a hand in front of my face, but for some seconds could not discern it, the transition from the glaring light being too sudden. Stopping aghast, I turned back toward the door, but a ray of light peering through a chink in the heavy window cur tain gave mo a little Dutch courage, and I struck off. It was about the blackest night imagin able — the valley still as death. Not a sound disturbed the air ; no cry of the curlew on high ; no howl of the dingo on the ranges. Barefooted, and fearing the 'roadside thistles more than the metal chunks, I kejpt to the centre of the road. "With every sense alert and strained, ears cocked for the slightest noiso, eyes vainly striving to give shape to things that did not exist, heart pitter-pattering in my breast, and a throbbing mind, seeing in things visible and invisible tho incarnation of evil spirits, I sneaked along on tip-toe. The sudden tinklo of a horse bell on one of the adjoining hills was terribly start- ling, and stumbling I struck my bootless toes against a stone, the pain aggravated through tho effort to stifle a cry that rose to my lips. ' The bell tinkled again. This time it was encouraging, and I made a show of pluck attempting to whistle " Hush-a-bye, Baby," but not a sound could I make to save my life, throat and lips being as dry as the creek bed in Summer. I must have already gone two hundred yards, but the remaining three hundred were worse, there being no honso3 on either side of tho road. Tho fears grew apace, and presently I was horrified by tho appearance of a huge white ghoulish figure in the centre of tho road, apparently less than forty yards ahead. It seemed to come out of the very earth, so sudden was the apparition. My first impulse was to turn and fly, but I could not move a limb. The monster 1 flapped its huge arms, and began to leap madly and gloatingly, prior to advaucing and demolishing mo. A cold sweat oozed through my skin. I tried to speak — my tongue refused to articulate even a whisper ; to run — my legs failed to budge an inch. As if petri fied I stood rooted to the spot. It was a ghost ! The ghost of Yellow Jimmio who was hanged — lynched — in the days of ths big gold rush, from the only limb. of the great gannt gumtree at the foot of the hill. The story was one'of the oldest traditions ' of the valley. Well I knew it. The spirit of tho victim had now returned to wreak vengeance on the murderers. All this whirled through my tortured brain in an instaut as the thing advanced, noiselessly, ruthlessly, dancing a wild fandango. On, on it came ! The spectro's arms outstretched ! Its fingers twitched in anti cipation of tightening round my throat! Its eves were glittering with horrible malice! Nearer, nearer it drew ! My limbs were failing — I reeled and sank powerless to move or speak ! It was now upon me ! Oh ! I was going mad ! Its fingers were pressing at my throat-! I was strangling ! Ah ! the weight crushed me down, down ! Oh, God ! To die like this ! A flash of lightning dazzlingly lighted np the valley and hills all round, followed by a terrific thunderclap. Crashing from mountain, to- mountain, one sonnd chased another at breakneck pace over crags, down dale and np hill, till tho last ramb ling echo feebly oxpired. Another burst of lightning. A fleeting touch of day ! And there before me stood oar own old white cow, Bossio, munching her cud. The joy of that moment words cannot tell ! I could have hugged her, horns and all. The ghoBt ! Whero was it P Ask of a fanciful brain tinctured with the story of Fisher's ghost. Dismembered by the lightning 1 "You foolish boy! Thunder will not hurt you," said mother, cheerily, as she helped to remove tho dripping clothes from my back. Dear old mother! She really thought the thunder made my cheeks and lips bloodless, my eyes glassy, my bands tremble. And I did not diBpel the illusion. I would not have done so for worlds ; but I don't mind tolling others now. " I wiBh yon would put your name down for lOdol to this subscription," said tho lady to the poet. " Certainly," ho said ; " I'll put it down for nothing." Thon ho wrote his same. " Keep your lOdol, Mrs. Patkins," he added, as ho blotted the signature; "I would not charge tho charity ior so slight a service." ass Alpha; " Hfive you heard about Little- gun, tho actor P You know he started with his company to star in Australia, and, while on his way thore tho ship was wrecked on ono of tho cannibal islands. Having nothing else to do to pass away tho time, he organised an impromptu per formance of ' Hamlot ' for the benefit of the natives." Beta : " How did they like It ?" Alpha i " They roasted him." - iA'JLUi'atJ.LiJii'w<MPiwwi»»»i8n«awiw.8r<hjiwgi..w.n-u.viiii mm- srf a wi»hihi...h.wt.ih.. i 