Sort- Story. ? .^Faot of the Matter.' ? ? , , ? I ESTHER MILLER In ' TO-i-AY .' 'yesterday morning the body of a well dressed woman of refined appearance was found hi tlie Thames at Richmond, ifvery means of resuscitation was tried' In vain ; /life was extinct Her linen bore the Initials 'M.W.' . Up to tlie time of going to press no clue had been obtained to her identity.'. That was the paragraph that appeared In the papers. - This is the story of ' M. W.' that the papers did not know. , . She was a governess, and, he married her. His world, smiled ;? his family looked askance ; his uncle politely In timated thiit if there was one thing that bored lilm more than another it was a' fool, and wished him a regretful but Arm adieu. At the club it was observed that Lord Oswald Choveuix exceeded his usual allowance of Madeira at lunch, and was seen to read bis favourite paper upside down on the day that lie parted with his adopted son. ? ' Frank Wentworth cut all. his old fliiends, took -the ..wife for whom lie had aerificed a prospective tontliousnuda year home to a second-floor lodging in' Bloomsbury, rind set to work to discover the market value of a respectable degree at Oxford ftnd a nice taste in. horseflesh and neckties. Guilford- street was a change from Grosvernor-square. And at the end of three months, when his' watch and chain had gone to join Ills spare cash In their landlady's exchequer, lie had learned the indisputable fact that the city was not waiting for. a young man who had never earned a penny iii bis life. He had begun his search for employ ment by indulging in visions of a secre taryship for four or live hundred a year ? ' not ' luxury, of course, but with economy we could manage.' He ended by accepting a clerkship in a fruit broker's office, which would just enable them to live. : £? By this time the gilding of romance ~%ad worn a little thin perhaps, and the pinchbeck of reality had begun to show ' beneath. At first tlie idea of working for her— tho idea that she was depen dent upon his brains and reliability— ' had filled tlie-:boy with elation ; lie had felt a hero with tlie strength of a Her cules, eager to do battle for her against the world. But unfortunately there was 110 opportunity for the display of his immense energy and ambition. An emergency, a danger, might not have found him wanting, but the limitations of life in a city oiiice taxed his nerves, stole the buoyancy from his step, tlie brightness from his eyes. Her continual presence, too, hud lost the charm of novelty. Nevertheless no word of regret passed his lips ; he was not a cad. But the ^veyes of the woman. who loved him saw 'how he wearied and sickened of tho petty economies of their daily life, and wept in secret at the ruin she' had wrought. ' Our marriage was a mistake,' she told herself. ' I was to . blame. X knew more of poverty than he 1' .' I was to blame'— how womanlike ! It never occurred to her to reproach him for his want of foresight and selfknow ledge. '' 1 was -to blame !' Mia culpa bpcame.tlie motive power of her every word' ' and action. In her effort to repay him for all he had sacri ficed she hovered about him with Render solicitude during the few hours he spent at ho.'iie ; she questioned hiru with sirnu . lated animation about his work, and vjl'ied to' cheer him with the songs he L;-usod -toi like. But the lodging-liouse piano' jangled painfully, and her eyes, rollowing him dog-like and wistful in their mute fidelity, vaguely irritated him. He was conscious of her attempts to amuse him, and grateful for the in tention, but he would rather have gone to bed, or have read his newspaper in peace. Yes, the novelty of her presence had egoue. Continual fretting, too, was rob bing her of the delicate freshness of colouring which had been her chief charm. He perceived it for. the first time one afternoon when she came to meet him on bis way home. On the same occa sion he noted that her boot.? were shabby to sliapelessness, and that her gloves were darned. Of course it was not her fault, poor girl, but he hated a dowd ; the accessories to the toilette of :£y woman of refinement should be above ? reproach. He could not help it if the manner of his greeting was the outcome of bis thoughts. . She turned with him, and they walked home side by side. In I-Iolborn she left him for a moment while she went into a grocer's to purchase some necessary adjuncts to tho evening inoai. As she rejoined lilm outside the shop, a smart brougham, impeded by a block in tlie trattie ahead, paused for an instant by the curb, and a woman leaned forward to bow to him. Hotly conscious of tlie uncompromising parcels in his wife's arms, he lagged a step behind her on tho crowded pavement in order that he should not be connected witli her by his acquaintance of the olden days. The : action liad been slight, involuntary ' almost, but she noticed it ; he read it in the ghastly whiteness of the face she turned to him— in the pitiful smile with which she met his shamefaced gaze. Startled to a clearer understanding of ! himself, lie touched the hand in the cotton glove tentatively, for very shame Blmulating ignbrance of what lie knew. ; ' What is tho matter ?' lie siiid husk illy. ' I-Iow you look, Marlon !' j Her quivering lips only retained a faint ghost of the smile ; there was no effort at reply. . Her silence made. him jfcel infinitely small and mean, and he ?»-tovc to exculpate himself, and soothe Vf-r pain. Sit Marion, I haven't been myself of ; I don't think I'm very well. For | She murmured her forgiveness, and, Repentant, ho strove to amuse her — to talk some colour Into her cheeks ; but l'is endeavours- were in vain. Truth to tell, she scarcely heard him ; she was looking at her reflection in tlie shop win flows they passed, and wondering dully . why sIiq had never noticed before' tlmt . the b^om of her youth had gone when It should have been at its zenith, and jeft her fade, and pallid, and almost plain. It is a horrible moment In a woman's -!lfo when she fully realises that she is . i curse to tlie man slio loves. Marion realised It now, and the knowledge ate ? :|ike a canker into her soul and never eft her day or night. ...|' We should never havo married. It ;? jvns a mistake. ' I- was to blame.' j The sentences recurred to her more (requontly than over after that after f won, and now ones— terrible ones— sup- plemented tho old. If she were dead his leoplc would take him back— he would eturn to the old luippy life which was lis birthright. If she really cared for \- lis happiness more than her own she jroidd kjll iierself and restore to lilm his [ frrip-ff It. sho-wns nsMirort of It ; and yet she shrank Willi Indescribable fear and loathing from making tho thought a deed. For she was no heroine of ro mance, btitn woman with all the vitality and desire to live belonging to whole some flesh' and blood. Bven tfib convic tion that she' could* only hope to Wrtteli his loVe fade to nothingness arid see him perhaps learn, to hate, the1 ?woman for, whom he had relinquished so' much-r-' even that conviction bred no destre in her to leave him while her gflef pos sessed the. power still to revivify ills waning tenderness. Yet she had ruined lilm,. and it was the only reparation possible for her to make, i Therefore It happened that p.. morning cafno when she ran after hir'^jown tlie stairs to kiss. him once agafA; -;fore .he left tlie house. And when lf -. (i;s grow ing time for him to come lio,^ she sat down and wrote a note telling VTta what she was going to do, and bidding him good-bye. She watched the ink dry with al-- stracted eyes. Then her brows con-, tracted sharply. Why should she cause him needless ' pain— perhaps remorse— by the knowledge- that she had sacrificed her life for liis sake ? Better let him think it was an accidentwlilch had given him back his freedom. She tore Up the note, thrust the fragments Into the fire, and commenced another. ' My Dearest, — I have gone to see my old friend at Richmond. Don't wait supper for me ; I shall stay the night with her. I know you won't grudge me a little pleasure I If you are dull with out me this evening amuse yourself by thinking of me by the banks of the river far from stuffy old Bloomsbury. And I will think of you. A kiss for you, hus band. Good night. . 'MARION.' She sealed the envelope with the en graved keeper she wore above her wed ding ring. Then . she dressed herself and left the house. When he knew that she was dead of course lie was horribly shocked— shocked the more that a lurking doubt was In his mind as to how and why she died. But he strove his best to stifle it since it was unpleasant, to retain. A fortnight later, when, In deep mourn ing, he was strolling moodily down Pic cadilly one Suuday afternoon, he en countered Lord Chevenix. It was the first time they had seen each other since Frank's marriage. They started —looked doubtful— paused. 'Hallo,' said Lord Chevenix, ' how ar.e you ?' ' ' , \ ' Hallo,' said Frank,, putting out his hand, ' how d'ye do ?' Both men began with ' Hallo !' Both were moved, but both were Englishmen. Lord Chevenix prodded the pave ment with his walking-stick. ' You've , lost your wife, I see I . I read it in the papers.' ' Yes,' replied the young man, jerkily. His voice sank, ' It was very terrible !' ' Oh, very sad. I condole with you.' Lord Chevenix pulled his moustache. Mechanically they fell into step side by side, and a silence followed. The elder man broke It. ' Here's the club,' herald. 'Come In and liave a cigar.' They entered. They talked. Not of her, nor of the last few mouths ; by tacit consent such subjects were ta booed. They spoke of the days before their separation, and Frank heard all the latest gossip of drawing-room and club, and dropped as naturally into the old tone as if lie had never lived in Bloomsbury on, the half of two pounds a week. Unconsciously his old animation of manner returned under the charm of familiar associations, and once ho laughed with quite a genuine ring of iiiirth, until, remembering, he checked himself with a blush. It was with visible reluctance that he rose to go when a pleasant hour had passed. ' What ! Are you off ?' said Lord Chevenix. ' I'm afraid I must get home,' ' he stammered. 'Of course yon can go If you insist, but there Is really no necessity.' said Lord Chevenix slowly, flicking the ash from his cigar. ' We can send my man up in a hansom presently, .vou know, 10 fetch your belongings and settle with tlie woman o i tne Jiouse. Their eyes met Frank breathed thickly. ' My dear boy, you were an ass,' con tinued Lord Chevenix with conviction, ' but the raison-d'etre has been removed by a kind providence. Be grateful— to providence I mean— not to me. I have missed you, damnably. I shall be glad to have you back.' 'You are tremendously good,' said Frank, affected. 'I shall be very glad.' ' It must have been an awful bore tor you,' murmured Lord Chevenix sympa thetically. ' It wasn't pleasant.' The young man meditated with his eyes on the floor. ' As you say,' he added, ' pethaps what lias happened is for the best.' ' Everybody is liable to make a mis take once, but only a fool fails to profit, by the experience. You're not a fool, Frank. And now you're well out of the wood you won't get into another, eh ?' Frank laughed. They both laughed. Lord Chevenix flung awny tho butt of his Havannah, and clapped him on the shoulder. ' Wo must bury a tiresome epiBode once for all, dear boy,' he said. 'Lots have a sherry and bitters ; our little ' dinner shall deserve it' . I 