fiaMtta dC '8?allaraa ?imm\ KADINA: SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1895. THE ARCHBISHOP OP ADELAIDE. We compliment Archbishop O'Eeily on his preferment. The appointment is one that will meet with general approval, for there is no doubt that as Bishop of Fort Augusta the newly exalted Churchman was popular among his own flock and among outsiders. The fact that the two Bishoprics in Adelaide were vacant contemporaneously, and the different methods adopted by the two Churches to fill them, suggests a comparison. In one case the Church authorities virtually declare that there are none among them capable of taking the position. In the other case the name of a local man is suggested, and is approved of by the head of the Church. In both cases the decision may be wise. For in this colony the Soman and Anglican Churches offer a decided contrast. The Anglican Church is aristocratic, and it is the correct thing for an aristocrat to be little everything Colonial. The XLoman Church is more plebeian, and therefore more patriotic. Of course, in giving these as general character istics of the Church, many individuals may be quoted against the description. Nevertheless, it holds true as a general rule. The danger in ascribing certain characteristics to a nation or com munity is that individuals may be taken out of the whole and afford a palpable contrast to the description given; and yet the nation as a whole may be fairly decribed. But let our description be right or wrong, the appointment stands; and we congrat ulate our Soman Catholic fellow colonists on having secured so excellent a man as Archbishop. May he i^^^^fflself as worthy as his SPOOKS.-The Editor of the Review of fieviem is a clever man. Some years ago he startled us with his ghost stories, and succeeded in work ing up quite an enthusiasm for spooks. Since then he has in turn taken up various other fads. One hardly knows whether or not to look upon this seizing and dropping of fanciful subjects as a clever bit of journalism. Will the publication of the six years' investigation into ghost stories make us more gullible? In the West minister Gazette Mr. Stead sums up this report and declares J hat "the continuity of the individual after death is likely to be as firmly estab lished and as universally accepted as any other fact in nature." So we were told six years ago by Mr. Stead, and are we any nearer it now ? The fact is that most men will not believe in ghosts uuless they see one, and if they do see one will immediately try to recall what they have been drinking to make them go like that. INTERNATIONAL CHICKET. - The thir great test match between Stoddard's tfaw o? English cricketers and the pick of Ausrra<:a will commence on the Adelaide 0*»1 on Friday, January 11, 1895, and will be positively played out. Attention is called to the railway arrangement ag advertised in this issue, and also to full membership conditions, which can be obtained on application to the Secretary. This match is the most impor tant of the series of fire, and practically decides the supremacy. AOCIDBNT AT WALIAEOO.-On Wednes day last a slight mishap befel Mr W. Price, jun., at the wheatstacks, and although not of a very serious nature, the injuries he received will necessitate him keeping his artn in a sling for some time. The accident occurrcd while Mr Price was shifting a bale of bags standing on a truok. He slipped off the truck, the bale falling on liis wrist, breaking one of the small bones and fracturing two others. MARRIAGE OF MISS A. BOWEBING.-This young Judy, who has resided in Wallaroo so long, was made one with Mr C. A. Burpee on Wednesday morning. Mr Burpee lived *ome »«r« aeo. when he worked at the local Post-offior. He was afterwards remored to Eudundu, and holds a high position in the Post and Telegraph Office (here at the present time. Miss Bowering hits been long and favourably known in Wallaroo, and will be greatly missed from the Wesleyan Church and Sunday-school < specially from the choir of the former, in which she laboured for many year*. Tile happy pair started on their "honeymoon br the early train on Wednesday. VIIXAGE SETTLEMENTS. - The R0v. W. i Corey Butler, of Morgan, missionary ta the '' Village Settlements on the banks of the Murray, has been lecturing at Moonta in the interests of the settler*, who have in Mr Butler a warm adrooate and a staunch friend. THE MOONTA SOTCTNDA. - The Military Band, under the leadership of Bandmaster Thomas, gate the first of a series of open-air concerts on Wednesday evening at this Rotunda. There was a fair attendance, considering the threatening aspect of the weather. RAINFALL.-A.t Yararoo for the month of December, 1894, the following rainfall was recorded : - December 14, 0*150 t 15th 0040; 23H, 0*290; 24th, 0*310; 26th' 0*230 ; 27th, 0*070 ; 28th, 0*020; total' 1*110 en 7 days. Total rainfall for 1894' 18*310. The following is the monthly register of the rainfall for the year 1894, at Mr | Williamson's farm, near the boundary of the Hundred of Kadina on the Thomas Plains roadJanuary, 0*300; March. 1*090 April, V750; May, 1*980; June, 0*950 - July, 3*150; August, 1*940; September' 1*080 j October, 2*990; December, 0*680; total for year, 14-910. CBUSHED TO DEATH.-Much sympathy is felt for Mr and MM W. H. Old*, of Moonta Mine?, whose son {W.J. Ol is) met with an untimely end at Broken Hill on the 31st ultimo, through the falling of a ltrge ronk at the Proprietary Mine. DaceiseJ was only 24 years of age, and about to be married The body was brought tj Moonta on Monday, and interred in the looal Cometery. This »s the seoond son Mr Olds has lost within (he last twelre month?, the other a lad of 16 years, being drowned while o 11 boating at Moonta BIT, and whose death gave Mrs Olds eucli a shock that she never fully reaoverfd. AN Apow&r.; \- We understand that Messrs A. Farrow and A. Holden bare tendered an apology to the Rsv. I. Perry and the Y.M.C.A. carol singers for their wanton conduct on Christmas Morning. It appears that in the name of the a bore carol singers these two young men obtained from Mr Perry the sum of 5«. We are glad, however, to learn that through the prompt action of Corporal Eadford, to whom the matter was reported, the wrong-doers were brought to book. The money has been returned, and an apology made. No doubt the public will be on their guard against such solicitations in the future. POSTPONEMENT OF SALE.-The sale of Mr. A. H. Thomas's furniture, &*., by Mr. A. France, jun., advertised to be held this (Saturday) afternoon, has been postponed until further notice, in consequenoe of the illness of Mr, Thomas. 