NOTICES OF BOOKS. ' Aghast' s Ghost,' by J. M, Bamford. C. H. Kelly, Wesleyan Book Room, London. Me. B ami' o:rd' s repute as an author is too well known to need any advertise ment at our hands. This book is quite equal to his former efforts, such as Elias Power, John Conscience, etc. The story before us is allegorical in its character, and has been written to illustrate the reproducing power of life and thought, and to show, as the pre face says, ' how thoughts and actions, which by many are too quickly buried, are made by the great Ruler not only to live and speak again, but to provide a standpoint: from which we may take larger observations of the ligut and shadows of this moving world,' The book is published at 2s., and may be had at the Wesleyan Book Dep6t. ' Ocean Mat ; or, Life at Priory Farm,' by C. R. Parsons. 0. H, Keily, 'Wesleyan Book Boom, London. A tale of Providential guidance, written in the pleasing style for which the author has made himself famous. Those who have read The V^tcar of Berry bridge, and The Man with the White Sat will need no further commendation of this little book than to know that it comes from the same gifted and genial pen as those popular Methodist storv ettes. Price, Is 6d ; posted, Is 9d. Wesleyan Book Dep&t;, Sydney. ' Mr. Sam and His Talkative Clock,' by Rev. W. W. Haughton. C. H. Kelly, Wesleyan Book Room, Lon don. An admirable book for Methodists, young and old. Mr. Houghton possesses a keen sense of humour, writes with epigramatic terseness, and excels in delineation of character. This is a .cleverly written, helpful story, fraught with many important lessons on the blessedness of giving. It is full of good things. Published at Is, 6d, posted Is 9d. Wesleyan Book Dep&t;, Sydney. ' Guy and Gladys : the Two Small Westerners,' by E. Carrie Hyde. C. H. Kelly, London. This is a well- written story of Ameri can western life, with many bright and stirring episodes. The book is embel lished with a number of illustrations, and is published at the low figure of 2s, at which price it may be had at the Wesleyan Book Dep&t;, Sydney. 