[?] Id -22 ydars ihe Australian colonies have j borrowed or received from outside 'sources £340,000,000. I11 the same period tliey have paid in interest on public debt ana private Jnstalniente over £200^000,000. . Casino 'show has been postponed to 2nd and 3rd May so as not to clash with Grafton show; ? - ? ? ? ? — ? - ? I ^lderman David See has been re-elected mayor or maciean. xne nttn year in succes sion.- - ? ? ? ? - Mr. Reid is in favor of the immediate erection of new Parliament buildings, or anything else for the squandering of public money in and around Sydney. Tho damage done by the Tecent floods to to roads and bridges' in this colony is esti mated at £14,460. Report ' says that Messrs.' 'Bruce Shiith; Alex Kethel, D. O'Connor, J. C. Neildand Sydney Burdekin, will be appointed to the Upper House. ' ' ' , Mr. Henry Pateson, who recently re turned from England, predicts a great dairying future for this district, which pro mises to.be the largest in the world, owing to the copious rainfall and genial winters. . At the Licensing Court at Casino on Monday week, G. Olive applied for a publi can's license for premises at Myall Creek. : Mr. Glasgow appeared for applicant. After hearing evidence ' the Bench 1 granted the application. \- It is the general opinion in political circles that an early dissolution is. unavoidable owing to the Council's treatment of the Land BiU aud - proposed laud-' and income taxes.. ?A little soda-water .will relieve sick' head acne- causea oy lnaigesuon. a cup ot; strong coffee will remove the odor of onions from the breath. A hot, strong . lemon ade taken at bed-time will break up n cold. A London paper says : Eggs from -Aus- tralia are the latest addition to our imports —and - to our cares. We dan not break an egg as it is without trepidation, and that it may possibly have undergone a six week's voyage will only be another' anxiety. An egg would seem to be a frail thing to be able to tyrannise over us like this ; but its weakness is its strength, unfortunately. , . The sugar factory of Culmsee, Prussia, is said to be the largest in the world. The daily consumption of beets is 1,250 tons, and during the campaign- of 1894-95 this will be increased to 2,000 tons per diem. At a funeral at the. Balmain Cemetery last Sunday, pickpockets were very busy. While tho ceremony at the grave was being conducted half-a-dozen pocKets were emp tied, and altogether the thieves obtained about £8. The paper that says something mean about you is never lost in the mails. The Pope has requested the Roman Catholic Bishop of Salford to deliver a reply to the .recent addresses by the Bishop of Manchester upon the claims of the Roman Catholic Church. A barn, the property of Mr. F. Baniier, of Carr's Creek, was, with its contents, bumcd to the ground last Sunday night. A Russian ship, with samples of Russian produce, will shortly start for Australia, to encourage . a direct trade between Russia and the colonies. ? ;1 It is estimated that 50 per cent of the recent snowstorms. The Colonial Sugar Company say the ex ceedingly low price of sugar is likely to re duce the wages, especially as there is no sign of a recovery. The Sydney Labour Bureau Superin tendent has been favoured with an un grainmatical threat to take his life. Many men in Sydney dare not move out of their houses at night, owing to threats from pushes and organised gangs of con fidence men. Larrikin pushes are conspicuous in Mel bourne. A policeman was ' laid out' by a gang on Saturday. A Sydney S.M. will probably have his name brought before Parliament at an early date. He is accused of being a confirmed drunkard, gambler and a rake. Australian maize is likely to prove a remunerative produce when sent to Eng land. A Royal Commission is likely to be formed to enquire into the management of our gaols. . Tho m 1. made a thorough inspection of Bathurst gaol. He is of opinion that there is 110 justification for the strictures raised about the' management of the gaol.- ' : ' Inspector Fosberry in liis annual police report omits to include the vast number of tote and betting shops openly defying the law in Sydney. : The conflicting reports of the great gold field at' Mount Catherine, near Ninety-mile, lead : experts to believe the find is over estimated. ? The well- known Evangelist, Henry Yarley, preached two sermons in Sydney ' on Sunday. Owing to the Duff-Dibbs correspondence being marked confidential, the English Secretary of State declines to divule the contents. Sir Henry Parkes has been to Kiama again endeavouring to raise a ghost, and Sir George Dibbs spoke at Tamworth on Tuesday. Typhoid fever is very prevalent all over, the colony. It is also very bad in Western Australia. 100 patients are in Perth hos pital alone.' Mr. M'Millan leaves for England on the 25th. He will be banquetted before he leaves. , . .- 