AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. By J. W. Hendebson. It waa in January, and we-were in latitude 15deg. 2imiri. south. The heat was beyond description, (or we were lyingbeoalmed under a tropical Bon. The eea waa a deep Bap phire bine, translooent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one oould eee bita of gayly tinted eea-wced float ing far below the surface. Occasionally a brown fieb, looking purple through the glorifying water,would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depthB into shivering silver, go Bonrrying away into the infinite unknown of the great deep. There wbb not a breath of air. The sea lay like molten glass under the pitiless sun, and the long undulation of the swell seemed like the deep pantings of a heat oppressed bosom. The horizon waa lost in'"a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiant'heat, and gave everything an appearanoe o! melting. The pitch in the seams of the deck was soft and stioky, Sammy Sauries, the seonnd mate, declared that on the foreoastle deck the pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Alton Falls, homeward bound from the Cape of Qood Hope. - Fred Meredith and I were taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of onr health. We had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Alton Falls for the voyage from New Yotk to the Cape and baok.' The ship was a by, able draft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, bb fine a eaitorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had Seen at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell'that always tumbles In towards that nnifviting beaob, and we had wondered hOw -otfc'Jquih. an v aana - person .could ohooso BuohosfwetoUve In. Wo bud mJso'boon under MF^badow ot Table Book, and bad come ortfc0* thB bay in one o! tboao r.uah,nB ,t oome down the mountain and ,le inside the bay, when outeide is Bmooth and the wind very §ere we were a few hundred miles on 'trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Sown, Meredith, and X were sitting under an awning spread over quo Bide of tbo<Joar deok. -The ship was under a splendid dis Dlay ol canvas, but the sails wore simply bleaobdng in the sun. The courses were dewed up, in the vain-hope that a stray breath of air might steal along the deok. The man at the wheel moppod hie brow,- and stared helplessly at the compaBB card. Tho shin had no steerage-way. The vessel was rtvnona ftnfl creaks and the clicking oi fall 01 groans nuu ~— ;-- ~ hoofee^do°rB as fibe roWe(i lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Sourles.the seoond mate, had-gone to the main topmast head, lor he declared that ho had got a little fanning every time oho rolled. The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes ex pressive of weariness and disgust. One fellow climbed out on the jib-boom, went to Bleep and almost fell overboard. _ As we sat etaring at one another, the voice of the oolonred cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which he he had pioked np in the Southern States: <> Dis hyah niggah ain’t gwine ter dig Till old Jim Crow come roan’ by-me-by, An’say' ‘Hey, niggah, yo’gottorflyhigh’; TJmph-nmph I Ah.nmph-omphI’ The Captain, Fred, and I looked at one an other, and smiled) We wondered how any one could master np energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was beard save the creaking of the ship’s timbers and tha flapping of her idle osnvas. Then the oook lifted np his voice again : ,‘.I wish I war in Baffin’s Bay, What all the niggabB am made oh clay, An’possoms go a-skatin’ ebbBry day. Hoop-te-loody I Ain't dot gay? Slidin’ down a iooberg in Baffin’s Bay.'* •At that the three olns burst into laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said: •' I believe the fellow’s right. The only thing to do on Buoh a day is to imagine yon are in a cold ^ “ You aro jUBt right,” said Fred. “ I wish I were doing a cake walk around the north PO'0\Vell.I don’t believe I should care much about that,” said I. “ The north pole iB a bard plaoe to get to, and a harder place to get away from." " That’s very true, sir,” said Peter Young, the first mate, who had jUBt. finished taking a Bight, and was on his way below.- ‘‘Did you ever hear of the whaling Bhip Young Pbcenix.’’ “No," exclaimed Fred. "What about her?" ft- •Wen, Blr, she’s a 835-ton whaler that went out about two years ago. She was aa fine a ysssel aB ever carried a oook, sir, and was laid to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, she got caught in the ice a hundred mile" or ao north of Point Barrow, and waa ■orushea in below tbs water-line, ao that she was supposed to be sinking, and her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, ana made their way back to oivilised parts o! the woria.but their ship did not sink.! “ What beoame of her ?’’ I asked. ‘ • Well, sir,’’ said the mate, with a myst e liouBair," she’s Bailing those eeaayet, with ont a captain or without a crew.’ “How do you know ?" demanded She’s been sighted, sir, More than that, jbe’s.been boatdefl.’’ •‘When?” "How!" we exclaimed. . “ List spring a man named Leavitt, | sighted a whaler standing towards Bhore, | surrounded by ioe-bergs. There she was, I with her {ore and main topsails set, and all ! her gear just glittering with ice in the sun light." “ How waa it ahe hadn't Bank ?” asked Fred. “Why,bless you,sir, Bhe wasn't inthe water at all. She waa about fifty feet away from it, up on the ice, resting there juet as comfortable as a baby in a cradle, and juet as safe too. Leavitt boarded her, and found everything on her deaks bb neat aa if all hands had juet gono ashore for a lark. You seethe ioohad squeezed in under her, and lifted her up.” # “ And you think Bhe’s thero yet ?" I in quired. “ JuBt as sure as over you livo, sir. Why, the ioe up thero doesn't melt all away in the spring, It breaks up in some places, bnt mostly it jast keeps growing and growing, and I shouldn’t wonder at all if some of those large bergs were hundreds of years old. Don’t yon think so, Captain ?” “ I think yon are about right, Young," said the captain. “ I have heard about that whaler, but she isn’t a marksr on an aratio yarn sho reminds me of." ‘'Something in yonr own experience, Cap?" I asked. 11 Yee.” “ Then by all means lot ns hear it," said Fred. “ I never knew you had been a whaler." “ YeB," said the Captain, 11 when I was in command of the SealBkin, I was well-known at Upernavik, and they do say I havo beon away up-Bat that's what I am coming to. I had been one summer knooking about the entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn’t done a great deal. I was told by some Esquimaux that a largo number oi right whales had been seen oil the cast coast of Greenland, and I decided to orniso that way. In AngnBt wo hadn’t seen a ghost of a whale, bnt I pnebed on, and when about sixty miles east of Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry oame from the crow’s neBt, “ ‘ Ther-r-r-o she blows 1’ “ ‘ Where awoy ?’ I Bhouted. •• ‘ Two points oil the lee bow, sir.' “ Well, I am not going into a whaling story. It’s enough to say we got that brute, and did a big trade in the oonrse of the next six weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spitsbergen, to go into win ter .quarters there, and start north in the spring. I had the north pole fever, which so often oatcbcB whalers, and I wanted to steal a march on every one else. On October 7th, a sail was sighted far away to the north ward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my idea. However, I had not much time to wonder, for no sooner had we Bighted that sail than it began to blow from the south- south east, and in a few hears we found ourselves in a most terrific gale of " As it was blowing my way, I ecudded with tho wind for forty-sight hours, my laet observations as onr noon position, giving lat. 7Sdeg. 44min. north, and long. 7deg. 37min, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reokoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were The eold was intense, and great bergs loomed np in all directions, the sea breaking against them filled the air with thunder. In themidst of this awe-inspiring scene I wae astounded by hearing the ory, * Sail ho 1’ “She wbb not more than three mileB awBy. She was a vessel of very old bnild, with a high-poop deck, and she was nnder all plain sail going like a phantom, and soon disap peared. I beat to the southward lor four days, fighting against head seas and throngb Joe, when the aun came ont, and I got eights to determine our position. Where do yos jvpomovro WOIQ .. , * Whero 1” tro both aakaa. ©»6«*ly* 1 - “ In lat. 81clog. 57min. north, and long, j deg. 42min. west. How far north of thot; i had been that we should have token feni j ,ys to heat baok, is beyond me to guess.” j “ What beoame of tho strange Bhip f ” I, " I am coming to that. We went into ntor-quarterein Mosel Bay. In thespnng 3 made excursions on aledges, and on one these we found our phantom. As we nndeda point one of the men oried: ‘Sail )1 There she is again I’ “ And there wae onr old aoqaaintanee, still uder all sail, but motionless. Seeing that ie was faat in tho ice, I boarded her.. Hei gging was sheathed in ice, and her entire ppearanea was weird and farming. 1 her cabins, Dui. iuuui* -• - or death. I was just ooming away from hot cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the Btrance rencontre, when I saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old- fashioned dagger, a pieoe of paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ship a Dutoh Bailor said it wsb in hie tongue, but some of the words were now out close. It read thus: “ OhrietmaB, 1795 a.®. 11 This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, eave one ptarmigan, for two days. The ship is frozen fast in the iee, with all her sails set, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in these frozen seas! i It is—” And theta the writing became illegible.” “And did yon you leave the old ship there ?" asked Fred. 11 No; we burnt her. She bad been career ing over the deep long enongh, freezing fast whon winter oams.and eetlooBeinthe Bpring, for 1C3 years. “ And is this the Btrangeat thing that ever happened in your experience at eea?" I “ Yes, by far the strangest." “That beats the Young Phoenix hollow," said the first mate, going below. • AVe were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy Sourles oame rattling down from the maintop-mast head, crying “Here comes a breeze." 