— — ' THE GENERAL'S STORY. Was I ever really frightened ? Well, yes. though not in the field. I have seen some hard fighting, as you know, but I think the affair I allude to was the closest shave I ever had. I was studying law in New York at the time. One day as I sat in my office writing, the post man brought me a neatly-folded euvelope bear ing my address. As I tore it open a faiut odour of perfume filled the room. The contents of the letter, as uear as I ean reuiember, were as follows : — Dear Fricud,— Call this evening at eight o'clock. I wish to see you on some very particular business. Do not fail me. M. A. S. To say that I was much surprised at the.iu- vibation is a mild description of my feelings. I had known the writer only a few weeks. As she was "what Dickens would call a mature young lady, and J was a mere boy, our inter course had naturally been very limited. What " particular business " she wished to see me about passed inv comprehension. I thought of the matter all the afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, 1 was young and carious, and at the appointed time set out for the. place indicated in the letter, and with a nervous hand pulled the door-bell. After waiting For a few momeuts I heard foot steps approaching. The door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before me. making a gesture to indicate silence. Reaching out her hand she led me through the hall to a small room which was enshrouded, as was the hall itself, in ihe deepest darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wished to consult me. " My sister," she said, " is about to run away to-night to get married. Father is bitterly opposed to the match ; he is a veiy violent man, and keeps a pistol on his table before him iu the next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover if he dares to enter the house. We think he sus pects that this is the night appointed for thp-' " marriage, and is prepared to execute his-ptir- pose We have done all we could to' pacify him, bat in vain. He is iu a terrible rage." " But, my dear Miss Saudys," I said in some perturbation, " what has all this to do with me." " We may need your protection ; I told sister I felt sure we could rely upon you." " You are very complimentary. it seems to me, however, that in family matters, a stranger should not interfere." " Oh, we don't consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton ! 1 am 6uru you will not refuse to oblige us. Hush— I hear papa moving. Keep perfectly still iu this room uutii I call you." Thus sayiug she noiselessly disappeared, leaving me to my own reflections, which wc-re not, as may well be supposed, very pleasing. I could hear the heavy foolsteps of the head of the family as he paced unceasingly about the next room. I could hear the deep rau I tar ing of his wrath as be called down maledictions ou the head of his prospective son-in-law As the time passed his words became blended to gether, indicating that he had been drinking heavily, aud once or twice he staggered violent ly against the door, almost breaking into the room in which 1 sat. " lie will certainly burst the door open." I said to myself ; he v mistake me for Brown, and before he dis.:oveis .lis erior I shall be slain, and then it will be too late for me to prove my idemity. I shall have died the death of a sup posed burglar." Several times 1 made up my mind to step out of the room and escape ; but the footsteps of the infuriated father sounded dangerously near ; 1 was unacquainted with the bolts anil and lock by which the front door was fastened, ami did not think it was possible to remove them without making noise enough to start my vigil ant neighbour on my track. How long I continued wrapped in my own un comfortable reflections I do not know. It see.med to be an age I could almost hear my heart beat in the sombre stillness of that dark : room, but the ceaseless I ramp continued, and the hours rolled on until I was in dispair, aud the convietiou forced itself ou my miiul that I . should never get out of that house alive. At last I heard the rustling of a woman's dress near me. and the noise in the street of a pass- ! ing carriage, which appeared to stop near. Then ! a female voice said : — 1 " We are all ready. Make' no noise, and i follow me." I Silently, and as quick as possible, she led me I to the. hall door. where, the' younger Miss Sandys tremblingly stood. The bolts were drawn, the . key was turned in the lock, and in a second wo j were in the street, where Mr. Brown's carriage : awaited us. j For a man weighing two hundred and fifty ; pouuds Brown displayed a wonderful amount of ' activity. In less than two seconds he had jump ed from his seat, kissed bis prospective wife fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from the sidewalk and placed her on the seat beside him Miss Saodvs and I quickly followed, and no time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity. Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of a facetious turn of mind, introduced a new phase in the elopement Addressing himself pointed ly to me, whoso acquaint meeship he had just formed, he remarked : — "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are going to get married, and it is a good time for you and May to follow suit. What do you think of the idea ?" ; " Oh, Dick, don't !" giggled Miss Sandys, " We never dreamed of such a thing when we started We only want to see you and Sarah safely through. Isn't that all, Mr. Stanton ?" she coquetrishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful boy of W ! How could 1 affront the young lady by refusing her hand ? And yet I felt I could not marry her ; better the revolver from which 1 had just escaped than that ! Fortunately for me. Brown did all the talking and now ceased urging the matter until the carriage stopped at the ministers residence, where we all alighted Just before we ascend ed the steps he turned around aud delivered his parting admonition : — " Now as soon as the minister completes the ceremonies in our case, you anil May can step forward and take our places, and in a few mo ments you will both be made h»pp,y for life. Don't be afraid ; it will be all right !" I suppose the man was joking ; he saw my trepidation, aud wished to have a little fun at my expense. But to me the matter was a grim reality. I have never been sentenced to capital punishment, but I know I experienced, while ascending those steps, the exact sensations of a man who is about to mount the scaffold, and sees, for the first lime, the rope by which he is to be executed. I remember how my limbs trembled, aud feel convinced I looked as white as ghosts are said to look, although I have uevcr seen one. Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown and his prospective bride tothe minister's study. The soleniu words were pronounced which united them for ever, and ere they were ended , I made up my mind to escape before it was too late. The door being left open 1 retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running until I reached my own doer. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight 1 do : not know, as 1 never saw her afterwards ; ! neither can I divine her motive in placing one who was almost a stranger to her in sach a try- 1 ing position. Yes, 1 plead guilty to having made a cowardly retreat at least once in my life; and yet — would any of you have beni braver ? 