The Picture of Bad Luck By the Author of " Wanderings of a Simple Child? Sc., &c.; % - CHAPTER XL THE LONELY HORSEMAN. Sitting beautifully in the saddle, the " Picture" rode on to meet and betray Dick Graham to his foes. Little did she care for the soft sweetness of the dawning. She saw the lazy-looking kangaroos rise up and stare at her for * few aiconds as if uncertain what oourse to pursue, then speed off like ghosts, with their long, noiseless bound on two legs, looking like halffamished creatures whom Dame Nature had stinted; but she heedid them not. Now and again an emu with its dark drab feathers, long neck snd stilt-like legs, would stride across her track, not seaming to be moving at a great rate, and yet covering the ground at a speed that would try the mettle of many a thoroughbred horse and hound, and she wished that she had big Jim Wilkinson's hound at her side, because it was her instinct to destroy; but she never once pulled bridle until she made the trysting •pot. Then she looked round, but could see no one. After waiting awhile she placed her two small hands trumpet- fashicn to her lips, and sent up tha shrill coo-ee.coo-ee of the bushman, and as its echoes came back to her she smiled, for she felt certain that G-raham would hear that summons and obey it to his own destruction. She waited fully five midutes, and again the strange sounding coa-ee-coo-ee rang out shrill and high, and went floating on the morning zephyr over the saltbush plain, but it did notieich the ears of the reckless outlaw who was holding his horse well together, and yet covering the ground as a man only does when he knows lhatliislife will pay the penalty of tardy riding. The 4 Picture' began to feel that somehow her scheme had m s;arrie^, and that she had been fooled. 8ae rode carefully round in a wi(?e circle, spreading every time she passed a given spot, until at last she struck the trail she sought—it was only a horse's hoaf print, but it was enough. She was not well e lough versed in bushcraft to tell anything particular regarding it; but dropping her handkerchief on the spot to make it an easy matter for her again to find the trail, she wheeled her horse round and rode off home vards; nor did she spare her hor.se until she came to the patih of timber in w lich the troopers had camped, waiting for her to give the signal that the quarry was at hand. As she galloped up, with her eyes sparkling angrily, and her small mouth looking hard and cruel, Trooper Bolster, the young fellow whom she had charmed the night before, slipped op and caught hell of her bridle rein, laughing as he remarked— ' Well, sweethpart, is the dingo waiting for the hounds ?' ' No lie's not,' she replied savagely. 'He's been there, though, and has left recen ly. Let your black boys get on his tracks quick or you'll never see Dick 'Jraham again.' 1 B.ih !' replied the trooper, ' It's merely a matter of time. He's bound to be run to earth before long —to-day or to-morrow, it don't matter much, does if, pretty one ?' 'I bjijve yju're a r raid of hin,' sneered the woman. 4 You've heard that Jack Graham has sworn ho won't be t iken a'ive, ai d you are afraid to try to get him, though you have all this crowd with yon.' The trooper never said a word as he tightened his saddle-girth*, looked to hi * ni^tols, and then vaulted inio his sadd e; but there was an ugly devil in Lis facn, and a cruel light in his eye when he beckoned the oldest of tha blECir trackers to his side, and said some words in the aboriginal tongue. The blac< imp grinned until every tooth in his head showed white and clear, then bending his supple figure forward, he sent his hoej at a hand gallop on the 'Picture's* track. An unerring as an arrow from a bow he rode without a check until he stopped at the spot where she had dropped iter handkerchief. He sprang from the saddle, ran the reins over the animal's head through his forelegs, and fastened them to the stirjup ircn, so allowing the brute to feel, but not to lift its head to move away rapidly. Then he bent down and examined the hoof prints carefully, measured them with his hai:d, and noticed that the off hind hoof had been edit on the outside, for the print was before him as plain as if written down in the wh.te fellow's bo$k ; then he looked around him, and again came upon the hoof prints ; this time he g:i ined knowingly, turned snl followed them up until he found that they 1 id back to the camp, and that they wir i quite fresh, making sure of this fact. He once more went round in a circle, and did not take •long to pick up the Ivul of Graham's horse. He followed it out a few yards on to the flit saltbush countryj then going down upon his hands and knees, he examined the hoof mark most minutely. After satisiyiug himself he coo-ed to the ns 1 ; of the band, and sauntered over to where his horse was picking the herbage between the bushes. A few seconds later Trooper Bolster and the rest of the band cantered up. • Well, Midnight, whit do you make of it V asked Bo'ster. • Graham been here,' replied the traoker, pulling his short dirty black pipe from between his marvellously white and even teeth. 4 Weil V 4 He ride the grey colt from Kooningburry run.' • What, the thoroughbred ?' ' Tes, boss; grey colt always brushes wLen fresh. I broke him for Boss Kennedy. He cut himself when he brush on inside of off fetlock, leave blood on saltbush, me know him, best horse in back country over cross country, if fellow know how to ride him.' 4 Graham can ride;, who else has been here, and how long have they gone V The tracker grinned once more. 'Him white-fellow not asleep, got hours start; Jim Wilkinson's big stallion been here.' 4 How can you tell the tt illion's track, Midnight V 4 B,g *est hoof for a track in coi n'ry, boss; everyone knows him, surefooted as wallaby.' 4 What do you make of it all V 4 Big Jim know t'lis white-fellow Graham. Big Jim sleep at camp last night, find out somehow about Graham coming here. He ride out tell Graham and that one fel o w no fool, he ride fjrlife.' 'Well, We'll rdj him down; look to your saddle?, boys, w^'ll make a ard lile of it, and keep this chap warm for once in his life. Away you go on his trail, Midnight; we'll follow you. Take the boys with you far as the ridge and let them wait there for me.' Out over the plain went the blackfellow and his comrades following. The trail was as easy to them as riding a bridle-track is to a stockman. Trooper Pyvis and bis mateB rode behind the blacks a id joked each other about Bolster and the Picture. 4 He's dead gone on her, Jim,' remarked one. 4 Mad as a dingo among sheep. He'll be sorry for it before he's through with her, or I'm much mistaken.' ' She's a real daisy to sell this chap Gi a'lam to UP. She was over head and ears in love with him a little while back.' ' A harlot's love is a bad thing to rely on, mate. Their lips are the doorsteps to hell in nine cases out of a dozen, and of all the smart creatures I've ever met, the Picture's the worst by long chalks.' ' What can she see in Bolster, anyhow V 4 No accounting for the tastes of a woman, and such a woman. Tou can't tell why a rabbit squats down behind a bush until the dogs are right up within a few feet ot it, and then shoots off right under their hungry muzzles, can yon ? No one knows why they're such fools; and when you can't understand a rabbit how the deuce do you expect to analyse a vomtu V 4 Woman be d d,' growled another trooper. 'The Pi<tire's no more a woman than Midnight there is one. She's a devil built and furnished on the b st plan. That American nigger who p»:t the " hoodoo's" curse of his people on her reckons she's a limb of the evil one, and for my part I think li ••'.<? a'^uc riffh*.' At ast they reached the I ridge wli re they ai to wait for Polster, who wa< in charge of :he thirty, and c imbed out of t eir sa 1 les, leaving the biacktrackers to c uter steadily on after t e fugitive itn i'yvis, one of the merriest scamps that e er wore a uni o m, drew a fie'd glass fro <> bis saddle bag an I s ea lying himself on his horse's wither he peered at his chief and the J icture.' ' What's he game now Ji nl' '•"'earns as if kisses was in 1 ig demand down by the clump of mulga f' repl e 1 • im. 4 £ it a fair deal, or is it a case of give a id giab ' 4 A lair market. 1 make it. Bolster's g t bis arm round 1 e waist and fhe'« got her s round bis n*ck and their lips seem to .o t gether li e a blaolc^ajker B mouth to a brandy 1'ask—> —' ' Anything fresh, Jim V ' Y s He a got bold of a streak of her hair, and seems to <.e asking herf r a piteh of it ' ' tiet y«u six to foar he don't get it?' 4 N T ot much y u won't; I'll lay two to one that way ra self.' * AO; hes walking awav from her, look ng i ighty near as pleas nt as a squatter d es w .en he hears that a gang of pr spectors are pegging out bis ru ' Wha s the 4 Picture'd ing V ' I aughin • t him I can see all the teeth in her head gUsterin' ^hes enjo ing the i< nic-b t Bolster aint. Shea c I ed him to to,> now.' 4 Hold hard. i n. You can't hear with that uliis , you kno ; don't let your ima jmtion run awiy w.th \oa or well iiavd to ina<e you a newspa er fellow or a membe of pa liaui nt' 4 You ba ha >g d; I've been there a d . ought to know. He's gone ack to he- now as meekly as a kangaroo ho'ind do J a ter > ou e , ut a stock whi > round t or thieving.' 4 What s on now . im ' 4 More kissing —could nt glue a postage «ta up to a lov lette c'osern those two fools haie their fac^s just now.' ' One >ool, and « ne frau I, im.' ' Yes e pet that* abou^, it—Oh, saints ali e, shes ca ving o f a loe'e of his hai . to remember hiut b — ha ha ! LWaoet y nt > a^iinat a s rub 'possum 11at it end ike th*t -Sh served me tes me tr.c ncj ' The troo er ran bis hands through his curly locks ruefully. ' he i u«t ave h»ir enough in st c . t » make a hearthrug w.th by this ti ne-a 1 ioveo^ks, to>. Mere c<<me8 Hoi ter; you beggars had bett r not have a uig^l^ runuing from your eye to your ears when he co es up ; a fellow iu l ve is a uice to fad out wi h as a bar e wire f nv. i'm goin; to ha e a em ke now til ' e gets here, it'll help to eep the 1iet o f. curse them; th y're had enough now, but the/ll be worse by mid-day.' Jim V 4 v\ bat 8 be ome of the Pictu e, 'Oh, she8 cantering oTback to the cam >—gone te p 11 at lock of Lair in t- e bun le with he rest, I mess. Mere's the glass ; if any o you beggars feel particidarly anxious you cau watch ti 1 y u re ired.' A li tie la er, when T ooper Bolster rode up, he 'ound his men lying on their backs in the >b tbash smoking t ir pipes, with their soft felt ha s ti ted o er their e es, and the bridle rei s h nzing loosely in their hands. 4 Now then bo 8,' he yelled, quite cheerily. ' I've uathere i all the in^o-mation I could ab »ut thi cba;>, Graham, and we il start out aud ride him down.' He diln t see the giggle that spread over each face as the men buried their noses under the saddle 'a;« as they tightened their slackened gir hs, and in less than four minutes they were going at a hard gallop a r ter the dark f<<rm of the blac t tracker, wh > c mid 1 6 seen awav in the distance. There was BO fooling now ; the sun came oat as h t as if some apite;al imps had lifted the lid off Hades, a- d let tbe foil glare ef the -eething pit shine full upon the • men w o were riding so hard in the tracks of a felon. The flies—tbe little grey specked, active torments of the" trash — 8ettl d in tbe riders faces, delved down into tbe corners of their eyes, and < ntered their nostrils, until tbe itching was almost maddening, and many a sultry oath was hurled at t e torments; but still they rode on. At midday they came aero* < a dry waterc uree. A few trees fringed the 6andy bed, not a drain o water wa< in sight, and he wi le dry sand belt3 shone and glistened in the glare of the sun ; and the cockatois flew screaming from tree to tree their slate-coloired feathers lelieved by pa ches of crimson n bead and breast The stillness of the place was unbroken save for the coc katoos ; here and there a lein rev iabbit m ght be seen hoppin ; noiselessly from one low shrub to another, its big, dark bright eyeB seeming to start out of its fo dish bead with tear. J ut the tra kers and the troop rs noted few of these th ose; 0 : went the saddles and bridles, on went the hobbles, and then tbe chief tracker b idnigh , started along the bed of the creek, following a man's foot tepi. He knew what he was doing, and h s craft, or his i atinct, wbiubevti it is that g ides the Australian black when trackine, led him to a bi* gum tree in the cen re of the watercourse. The roots in some place - had projected above the eirth. or rat er, sand, and here the blac . fellow stop ed and, turnin:; round, yelled, 4 Wate here : Graham 1 een all along this way. T en he went down upon his knees and began scooping a hollow at the root ot the big eucalypti, while the famished horses hobbled up and stood sniiiog at the hole, for they knew that was where they would get the'r drink from. Any Australian bush horse knows what it me ns when the rider i e^ins burrowing in the rand. Iter a while a large shallow hole was scooped out, and then in the centre of this Midnight fcoo ed a smaller and deeper hole, while his mates banded bin pieces of wood they had hun ed round or With these be made a sort ot rou>;h palipade round the inside of the smaller hole, keeping the stic >8 a couple ' f inches apart. In a few minntes the wa<er be»an to trie'de in, and then hi sco ed Out the p ecious fluid with a billy can. Each troop r filled his s ft felt l at with the water, an i th h r*es drank it greedily, it took a long timeto s i»|>ly them a 1, but when they had received sufficient they hobiiled o f to feed in the shad^ of the tre s, while the blanks bu It a fire, and the billycans were soon seething and boiling, aud it. d.d not take Ion: beloie the whole lot were eat ng dam er and biic n and drinking strong black tea from their tin pannikins A co ipl« of hours rest they had, and on e more the ha <1, hot r «>e began and continued until sunlown, bnt stJl there was no sign oi the fugitive. Dick Graham hal not made a vain boast when he had said th.it ! e could sit ior torty-eight houri in a sa 'd e and neve:- tire, no matter how hot or how rough t e weather might be Holding the o iningberry colt well togetliH , ha had ri den away iu the dawn ng irom One-Tr e < ill, nnd alt that day he had steered straight through lev 1 coun ry. Re had camped at the spot on "tap ens' Creek, where his foes had followed his example. But he had found an old prospectors water sink ready to his hand w en be arrived, and he ha filled it in when he left. This l e did while his horse rested, BO that he wasted DO time He bad too good a ku wled ^e of the in tin t of the men who w re following him not to know that where he drank the , too, would drink ; • ut sti 1 he koew t'iat if be dried up the water-sink, they would have to scoop it out anl wait for the water to trie -le in again, and every min te of da light was precious to him At sundown he rested again, and then in the twilight he cantered of, st 11 through the desolate" bush, with the quaint, weird shadows creepin? out add lengthening into t e nLbtlLht He paw the emu an 1 th • kansiron crouch with its mat \ and smiled bitt rlv AS he thought of her for whose a»ke he was riding for his liberty, if not for his li e. (To be continued.) ^ 