CLEM LAWS0FS LUCK. AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN RACING KOMAN0E. BY C/d'XAIN VICTOR BOYLE. ADTliOli Oby 'TUE EAJA1I.' chap. vi.— the doncastee ha.n dicai' and an important trial: T-EY0ND leaving tftrds at Rathmoor ?*-' whan he tn»iv woll tliey would nil bo out, Clem studiously avoided going uoar tlmt houso, us I10 feared tho gentlu in fluuucea of Miss Oukloy would bo tho cuuso of nnother frightful strug(;lu iu his bronst. und Durlians vroiin llim from hia diruful dcsiiru, thus for ovor dishonoring himself in his own uyeu. At K:indivi(;k, however, on Doucaster Duy, ho accidentally ran across Mr. Oakley und Guy, tlio formor of whom, expressing rei'i-L't thut no onu wna nt howe when hu callod, cordially invited him to join them ut lunchoou, oi which thoy wore shortly to pivrtnke. Such a kind and spontaneous invitation Clem could not do othonvisu than accept, and as if thu fntos lmd willed it, ho noon found himself agam chatting away to Miss Oakley us if ho hud known hor all his life. Aftor luncheon tha quartotto strollod round tho paddock, whore Miss Oakley took a grant interest in watching tho horses being saddled up. Ono of tho last they iuspoctod was Tea Rose, who, though not a vury big mare, was all quality, and hor graceful symmetry quite won tho suffrage of Mias Oakley, who vowed Tea Robq was n, real duck of nn animal, and must win. ' Wait till you uoo Tho Colonel,' said Guy, 'mid thon you'll, change the burdou of your song.' 'I don't think I will, Guy,' answered Miss Oakjoy, portly; 'but whero is this pnragon of yours.' ' Come along aud I'll show you, he's just ovor hero,'' responded Guy, as ho led thu nay to whoro nu angular, coarse-looking, though powerful chestnut was beiag pre pared for tho coming struggle. 'Thoro now, that u soraothing like a horse to travol through the mud,' said Guy, a remark to which Mr. Oakley agreed us ho added : 'You see, Clara, tho last two days' rain has mnde the courso very holding1, and I fear your dainty-looking Tea Hoae will tiro to nothing in tho heavy going.' ' That's treason against that darling, who I am sure is bound to win ; however, papa, just to show yon I have tho courage of my opinions, I'll bet you a box of cigars against a new bonnot that my pet will boat that ugly- looking monitor.' ' Til take that wager, Clara, though I fear I sbiill havo to piiy for the cigars aftorl havo won thorn,' answered Mr. Oukloy, with a merry laugh, in which the others could not refrain from joining; ' and now, my dear, I'll seo you back to tho stand, when I'll go and have a rather inoro substantial wager ou Tho Colonel.' ?. ? ' ? 'If you'll allow mo, Mr. Oakley, I'll escort Hiss Oalcloy back to her seat, as I transacted my. modest investments last evening,' interposed Clem, delighted at the prospect of another congenial chat with Mies Oakley. 'Thank. you, Mr. Lawson, thank you, I won't be loug after you. Come along, Guy, or all tho monoy will be snapped up about The Colonel, and that would never do,' said Mr. Oakley, with a boyish exuboranceoC spirits that was quite refresh ing to witness, as ho huvriod off with his uo less light-hearted nephew. As Clom and Miss Oakley wero retiring to the stand, the latter said : ' Now Mr. Lawson, Guy Bays you aro a groat authority on horses ; - pray tell mo what you really think will win.' ' 1 fear Guy flatters'tne too much, MUs Oakley ; however, I will candidly confess to you I have backed Tea Boso, and I think sho will about win.' ' Oh, if you've backed her she indeed must win, for Guy has boen telling mo that you are considered a regular Fortunatus, »ud tlmt they call 7011 'Luckr Lawson ' at the Club,', said Miss Oakley, with a doinure air of quiet coquetry. An indescribable foeling of anguish filled Clem's heart for a moment as the \v0rd3 'Lucky Lawson ' fell so sweetly from her lips, and -the bittor irony of the ex pression .Koemod to sear his very soul. However, lie betrayed no signs of what ho -..113 undergoing ns he said, with a well affected smile of gallantry : ' 'Lucky Jjuwsou ' I may woll deem my self, Miss Oakley, since you deign to take an intorost iu thu existence of such an in significant mortal as myBelf.' ' Of courso I take a great interest, Mr. Lawson, in any friend ot Guy's, especially when he ' but before sho could complete her intended sontvnee, sho was rudely pushed against, and nearly knocked over by one. of those posts of racing, who, regardless of persons, rush pell-mell from t)m ring to tho lawn, thoro to mys teriously signal to sotno confederate on tbe flat. Tuo1 collision brought this reckloes individual to a stand-still, which position ho did not hold for an instant, as Clem's 1 luft ' shot out, and hitting him fairly on the jaw, suut him rolling, instead of running, in the direction ho fleemod so eager to go. Soaring a dtsgracoful liceue, Clom, aftor assuring hiinsoli that Miss Oukloy was not injured, hurried her up to hor place on the stand, whoro they were soon joined by Mr. Oakley and Guy. 'Whats up, Clara? iou loot very pale,' said Guy, as ho took in at a glance that something had ocourrod to greatly agitato his cousin. 'Nothing much, thank you, Guy; only somo horrid man ran against me and nearly knocked nib down,' Bho roplied, bravely suppressing her emotion as sho continued : ' Mr. Lawnon visited tbo wretch irith summary punishment, hotvorer, by knocking him down.' ,' Thank you, Mr. Lawsou,' camo from Mr. Oakley's, lips with kindly emphaBia. ' Bravo, Lawson. Served tho brute right I' was Guy's characteristic remark. On Miss Oaklny, iu response to further inquiries from hor father, assuring them that sho was nil right now, they proceeded to criticise thu horses, which were now doing their preliminary canters. Thoro was one person carefully scanning their little group with anything but a pleasiug gaze ; this was none other than Ben Brushor, the ruffian whom Clem had so condignly panishod. This Brushor was ouo of those regular parasites of tho Turf, who would stop at nothing to gam hiB ends. He was tolerated by a good many, who should have known bettor, on account of the tips ho gave them, which ho wrunpr from his younger brotiier, a fashionable and successful light-weight, whom ho simply torroriued. Attending every race meeting, ho know all racing mon by sight; he therefore soon recognised Clem as his rLRR.tilnnf:. ''Twos Lucky Lawson thon that gava me such a blooming Btouch ; blast him, I'll make him ropont it beforo long,' ho mut tered, as he sluuk off after assuring him Bclf of his man. Littlo knowing tho unscrupulous enemy he lmd juitmado, Clem was busily engagod pointing out the different horses to Miss Oakloy, for hor fathor and Guy wore so engrossed scanning and talking about their fancy, tho Colonel, that they loft the other two to their own devices. As ths horses wpro ranging up under the starter's orders, Mr. Oakley turned to Clem and said : ' Now, Mr. Lawson, what do you think of them all 1 ' Tea Koso cnrrioB my monny and con fidoncu, Mr. Oakloy,' answered Clom. ' And the Colonol ours,' chimod in Guy ; 'and now comos the tug of war,' ho ox claiinsd, as tho cry which thrills evory racogoor's framo, ' They're off !' was thundered out. Evory eye is flxod on tho horses as thoy leave the startor's hands in porfdet array. First ono and thon another shoots out from tliii line and gallantly leads the van for a while, only to full back into tho ranks beattm. A fow disjointed remarks are heard on tho stand-— ' Blankncy's got a good position,' 'The Colonel's going wolJ,' ' What a cracker Jew Boy is taking them along at,' but tho majority of the spec tators watch tho contest with bated breath. As tbo turn into thu straight ia roachnd some ignoraut enthusiast breaks tho silonce by ejaculating, 'Jew Boy wins.' ? a.uoy uon c win tnere, my man, buiuuui cally mutters Mr. Oakloy, as ho intently follows tho movements of tho field with his glasses. 'Tlio Colonol 'a coming through liis norsos,' he exclaims gleefully, as that horso stealthily threads his way through tho field, und takes up a good position on tho ' Tho Colonel walks in,' now exultingly cries -Mr. Oakley ou seeing hin fancy beiug sent to tho front opposite tho Leger stand. So woll is The Colonol going that it indeed looks as if his astute rider had taken tho measure of his field and would nin in 11 walk — but what uinkes him eit, down so determinodly on his horsu and ride with such desperation ? Does any danger threaten him ? There does indeed. Sixty yards from home tlio crack Victorian jockey, the Archer of Australia, brings Tea ICose with one of his irresistible- rushes, and despite evory effort on the part of Tho Colonel's rider, that gallant horso is doomed to suffer defeat, for Tea Rose, through a piece of incomparable horseman ship, is returned tho winner of tho Don castor Handicap by half a length. ' Woll, we've had a tjooil run for our money, Guy, so wo can't grumble,' said Mr. Oakley, us ho returned his glasse3 to their caso. ' I must not forget tocongratu late you on your judgment, Mr. Lawson,' ho added, turning to Clem. 'Your staunch allegienco to the mare has boen well repaid.' 'And mine, too, papa,' laughingly in terjected Miss Oakloy; 'you've foigotton me.' ' Oh, no, Clara, my dear ; you've proved yourself n wonderful tipstress. I shall have good reason for not forgetting you when tho bill for the bonnot comes in,' said her father, as ho gazed lovingly at his idolised daughter. Tho race was thon discussed in all its aspects as they paced to aud fro ou the lawn, whilst enjoying the soothing strains of lVnldteufel's most 6edu'ctive of waltzes, the ' Manolo,' vchich waB being artistically played by the band. When the subject of the Doncaster Handicap hud worn threadbare, Guy com menced oxpatiatiug on tho prospects of success of the Sydney Amateur Eaco Club, tho first moetingof which was to be held at Eandwick at thi end of April. The object of the club, he explained, was to promote and oncourage amateur ridinjr, and four of the six events iu any day's racing were to be confined solely to 6ona fide amateurs. The principal event of the inaugural, meeting was to bo the Corinthian Cup, a Welter Handicap, of a milo and a half, to whioh a great deal of interest promised to bo attached, as tho Club intended presenting the owner of tho winner a valuablo trophy. ' Now's your chance to give Incognita a cut,' said Guy, addressing Clem ; ' the entries close on Thursday next.' '1 should liko to, but I'm afmid sho could be baroly got fit enough in time.' 'ConsultPiilmeraboutthiit.Mr. Lawson, Ho ' will tell you iu a straightforward manner whether ho can get her ready by the day,' romarkod Mr. Oakley. 'Thank you, Mr. Oakloy, for your sug gestion ; I will go and see him at once, if you will kindly excuse mo ; lie is sure to bo iu tbo paddock, as ho has Samson running iu tho next raco.' Misa Oakley, though saying nothing, hod been intently listening to their talk, and when Clem caught at tho idea of consult ing Palmer sho looked at him with such a pLcuuiu^ luvi* iu iiur ujus Limb uxpruB&uu; as plainly us i£ she had said : ' Pleaso do. I should liko to seo Incognita run.' This telling glanco ssttled the matter in Clem's mind as ho was walking away to find Palmer, and he determined, come what may, Incognita should run for tho Corin thian Cup. On talking the affair over with his trainer tho lattor said that the filly, who was fairly forward, could bo made right enough to pouch such an evont, but he would liko Mr. Lawsou to come over ono day aud give her a gallop with Samson, just to seo in what kind of form she was. After further talk, tbe following Wednes day afternoon was agreed upon for the trial when Clem told Palmer he should bring over Mr. Oakley and his party. 'The moro the merrier of that sort, sir,' was Jack Palmer's ready retort. ' J'll have everything ready,' 'That's settled then, Palmar,' said Clem, who on turning to go away asked : ' Is Samson worth backing f ' ' No, sir, don't touch him ; he'll run well, but he's only out for a lino, he's atill backward.' On (llnm'n mfm*n l-« nalrnrl ~\Tf HalrlAvr it tbo arrangeuiont for Wednesday would suit him. That gentleman' readily an swered in thaaOlrniativo, whilst a gracious sinilo of thanks from Miss Oakley rendered Clem so supremely happy that for tho remainder of the afternoon he cast all hie sinister thoughts to tho wind, and con soquently found the next few hours a period of unalloyed happiness, enjoying ns he did in Miss Oakley's Bociety a content ment and peace of mind quite foreign to him sinco his arrival in Sydney. The following Monday saw Clom again at Bandwick, whore ho spent a fairly en joyablo day, mainly in the company of Mr. Oakloy and Guy, but he could not help feeling there was soinothing wanting to fill his cup of pleasure, and that was the proseuce of Miss Oakley, who had not ven tured out, as tho weather had been most in clement in tho morning, although it cleared up for the aftornoou's racing. Having had a good win ovor Tea Rose, Clom carried on rathor more extensive operations with the bookmakers than was his wont, and again did Dame Fortrino Btnilo upon him. Tho Syduoy Cup was voted by Mr. Oakloy a good thing for an outsider called The Baron, and Clem, liking tho look of tho horso, had a century on him, 'just for the sake of tho name, you know,' na ho jocularly said to Guy, ' for I hail from Barronshiro.' Tho utter feeebluncss of this atro cious pun did not, however, prevent me nn»Lui;rubicjuijr uumeu animal win ning easily and thus swelling Clem's banking account to the tuuo of .£2000. ' By Jovo,' thought Clem to himself, whon he got homo that evening, 'it does seom on if that d ? d unlucky tos3 com pletely broko my bad luck ' — nnd thon as he sat down in reverie for a few minutes, a sudden inspiration scorned to possess him, and it a Imped itself in this wieo: ' If tho run of luck continues, and In cognita turns ont the clinker I anticipate, I shall bo ablo to bavo my honor und livo . . , . 420,000 would uttleLeaUe and then to try my chance with MisB ? ? ' Groat Balbus 1 I must bo mad to think tucli rot! Muriel, Muriol, so soon to forget you, too,' ho said uloud. oh ho got up and iviilked impaiiciatly about the room, ' Bah 1 I'll have a drink, dress and get off to the club, and shake off this fit of tha blues.' After draining off a stiff glass of whisky nnd soda lie, with a. powerful mental effort, dismissed these hankering thoughts, and whilst dressing nothing moro soriouB troubled his mind than the probable result of tho trial to bo hold oa ths approaching Wednesday. 'Oh, papa, do Bhow me where thoy ar9 to Btart iroin, said JUiss Oakloy to her fathor, as they wero standing by tho win ning post on tho picturesque little ceurso at Moorcfiold. .' Just whoro Palmer has now pulled np,' answered Guy, for his undo. ' Thoy go once round and ?„ win here, so vou will soo them pass you twice, Clara.' Whilst tho trio at tho post wore talking : of the courso nnd its surroundings. Palmer, who was riding Samson, was saying to ' Clem : ' That kiddy on tho chestnut will make the pace ns hot an he Can, and the other two will try to beat us. Now then, are you ready, sir,' he continued, as they all five drew up in line. ' AU right,' n-nswerod Clom, aB he caught hold of Incognita and had hor on hor legs almost instantaneously, as Palmer shouted ' Go.' The boy !on tho chestnut, faithfully carrying out his instructions, was Boon loading by five lengths, Clem lying second on Incognita, with Palmer and tho other two lada three lengths in tho rear. A» thoy passod tho stand for the first timo tho chostuut had increased Ids lead to ten lengths, but the positions of the others re mained unchanged. Incognita was moving so well under Clem that he ventured to tako a pull at her, letting up the other three, and thus bunched together they ran to tho six furlong post, where tho choBtnut was beaton and came back to them; this fired the ambition of ono of the other lads, and he rushed hia straight; hero both Clem and Palmer drew up to the leader, and a very pretty raca home ousuod. Clom watched Palmorclosely. waiting for him to mako first run, but that worthy was not to bo caught coming too soon, and so locked togother thoy ran to within fifty yards of the spot where Mr. Oakley's party was standing. ' Now 1' said Clem to himself as ho suddenly sat down and drove Incognita energetically along with his hands. Palmer, who had timed hia run almost simultaneously, also began to ride vigorously and neither gaining any advantage, thoy passod tho post so close to gethor that Mr. Oaklny, who waa acting as judge, on being questioned gave hiB de cision—' a dead heat the rest beaton off.!' Aiter the horses had been sent home, as they wero walking to tho carraigo Clem said: ' What do you think about it. Palmer, Is the filly worth entering?' 'Oh, yes.sir, enter her by all means,' tbe trainer briefly replied. 'And do you think she will win, Mr. Palmar ?' asked Miss Oakley, as sho turned ... her fair face, glowing from the excitement of the race, and fairly dazed that worthy (as he afterwards declared to his wife) with an eager questioning glanco flashing from her beautiful eyes. ' Yes, miss, I do beliero she will win,' he answered eentontiously,' as he politely touched his cap. ' You havo a good ono in SamsOD,' Baid Mr. Oakloy. ' Yes, sir, I think with another six months over his head he'll turn out a bit above the common.' ' Hem — I hope for your sako ho wilj,' remarked Mr. Oakley, as ho bowed cour teously to I'alinor in return to his civil touch of tho cap as they moved off. On the homeward drivo Miss Oakley waxed eloquent on tho splendid race thoy had witnessed, and hor opinions of Incog nita were of so laudatory anature that Clem again began to loso his self-control, and it took all tho strength of will ho could muster to refuse Mr. Oakley's pressing in vitation to dinner at Ruthmoor that even, ing, but pleading a prior engagement, he did manage tosuniinon up sufficient conra^e despite soveral besuechinp elances bestowed on him by tho fair Hiss Oakloy ; ho nevertheless promisod to meet them at Kandwick the next day. Beforo sotting out for the course th» following morn, Clom duly entered Incog nita for the Corinthian Cup, On his arrival at Eandwick ho met his trainor, who desired to have a fow words with him. When they had got out of ear shot Palmer began : 'Excusoino.sir, bufcl wished to tell you I'vo entered Samaon for that Corinthian Cup, and I want you to aak Mr. Guy Oakley to ride him.' ' QroatCucsar's ghost! ' ejaculated Olom, 'What do you moan, Pnlmer ? Why, Mr. Guy can't ride for sour apples.' 'That don't matter a bit, sir. Samson is a willing horse, and all I want Mr. Guy to do is to jump off at the start and ride him to a standstill if ho likes, as long as we can make certain of a hot pace for your filly, who is a sticker of tho first water, or I've mado a bloomer.' ' Oh, that boing tho case, I think I can manage to persuade him ; he can ride well enough for that. But do you really think . the filly is a good 'nn?' eagerly asked Clem. ' To be fair and HnnnrA wif.li Trmi. air. riufc please for God's sake don't breathe it to a 6ou 1 yet, I think wo have two real good 'una in Incognita and Samson, and that we'll show them all bofore the year is over. They aro either two bummorB, or the field that Samson ran second in last Saturday wasn't worth a curso, which I can't believe. You know, Mr. Lawson, I told you he was backward and only out for a lino, and yet he ran Merlin to a longth.'1 ' I'm very pleased to hoar you have such a good opinion of tho two nagB, and you may rely on my soerosy with regard to their meriU. I'll seo Mr. Gny to-day, and let you know his answer in tbo course of the afternoon,' said Clem, ns ho nodded (;ood byo to Palmer, and Btalked off to tho stand as happy a man as thoro was at Bandwick that day. On explaining the caso to Guy, tho latter at once agreed to rido Samson, and this pieco of good news was at once conveyed to Palmer. Clom devoted tho afternoon to tbo charms of Misa Oakley's society, so ho did very littlo wngorinp, but what bets ho did make wero of a vory lucrative nature. The nows about the filly had onco more sot his brain in a ferment, and, after dining at Bathmoor and listening to Miss Oakloy's exquisite playing and sineing, he wont homu with a Btorn resolve that in spite of all he would live. 'Yes,' ho enthusiastically thought to himself, as ho sat in his room instead of finishing tho night at tho clnb, ' my luck is nt hvit in, and I'll play up to it — ^20,000 for Leslie, and Miss Oakloy lor myself — Ye Godnl Stakts worth playing for indeed I' (TO BI COHTXtfVED.V 