A Strange I Adventure. j u Mother, what shall we do ?" "Ae true as heaven's sky is above us, ' Rhoda, I don't know I" \- Mrs. Gordon trembled and along to ber step-daughter with convulsive eagerness. tRboda stood qnite still, and lifted ber faae towards the millions of stare that spangled tho firmament above, It was a still, froBty, Ootobor night, with a frozen fragranco of dead leaves in the air, and the gibbons tnoon hung low on tho edges ol tho horizon, shedding a spcotral light on tho bleak land scape. Mr. Gordon bad oomo homo late from the market that night, jingling tho money in bis pookoiB. He had walkod into tbo little (winged room, where a log or two burned on the hearth, and a dip candle only made darkness visible. Mrs. Gordon sat by the tablo darning stockings, and Iihoda, sitting on a low, wooden stool at her feet, was read ing cloud to hor from a drift of manuscript pages that lay in her lap. " At it again I" said Gordon with nn in tensity of qoiet malice, that coanded_ in his voice as plainly as it glittered from bis oyes. " How many times, I'd like to know, have I forbidden this sort of thing ? -? Ah 1 1 under- etaud. Yon didn't cxpeot me home nntil midnight., Yon was gain' to have it all your own way. - Of all created things, I do hate and despise hypocrites. What have yon got to say for youtself, eh ?" Mrs. Gordon ottered nothing ; the needle 'dropped from ber hand as if it had been ' paralysed ; ehe grew deadly pale ; but Bhoda valiantly spoke up. \- " We are doing no barm, father I" she said. : "No barm I" Bhriily repeated the miser. "But I eay yon are doing barm, You're wasting my candles, and disobeying my orders, and fooling away my time, for yonr time Is mine, ain't it ? And it ain't the first time yoa've done it, nor yet the second t And I ain't going to stand it, not another minute I Clear out I Get out of my house, yon two women 1 I've warned yon often enough before t Now I mean to 'teach you what it means to disobey my com mands." « " Father 1" cried Rboda, "you wouldn't 'turn us out of doors at this time of night?" " Wouldn't I, though I" grimly retorted the knotty- featured old man. "Yon'li see .whether I would or not, Gol Step 1" ; Ae he spoke ho hold the doer wido open. A Idraft of air rushed through the room and blew out the feeble light of tho candle. And ; so, in the sullen, windy dark, the two womeD came out, to return no more. Bhoda Gordon had been miserable until faor stop-mother came to tho homestead. She had longed for kindnosB, Bbo had hungered for sympathy, ebo had craved evon the merest look or word of notice in that solitary honee, where money-making was the Molooh wbioh swallowed np all elso. - Mrs. Gordon end her step-daughter bad loved eaoh other fondly and tenderly. - It was to her step mother that Rhoda ventured to road tbo effu sions of her active and imaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listened with eager ad- . miration and loving sympathy, to the ntter tsge and contempt of the farmer. " Women are made to work," said he, "not to write. I'll pot a stop to this eort ol nonsense, or I'll know the reason .Why." ' And this was the beginning and end of the 'riomestia difference which had culminated in eueh a sorrowful tragedy. Mr. Gordon oame baok Into tho kitohen, mixed hie glass ol toddy, and went to bed. " It'll be a good lesson to 'em," be said,' And Mrs. Gordon and Bhoda gazed into 'eaoh other's pale, frightened faoes. - -"Mother, don't look eo deadly white," said Rhoda, oourageouBiy. " We'll go down to the old blaokBinith's shop, and kindle a "'fire there. That, at least, is my own I" (The old blaoksmith's Bliop down the road, with the thistle-grown paten of land in its rear, had been willed to Rhode's own mother, and thence had descended to ber ; a BOtry inheritance, with its root eaten by moBBes and deoay, its foundation settling with every winter. No ono had oooupied it lor yearB, for Rboda's means were insuffi cient to mako tho necessary repairs, and Mr. ,Gordon had not been slow to declare that !" not a shilling of his shonld ever be squan dered in patohing np that old rat-bole I") j " Let it tnmblo down," said he ; " and jthen sell the land at anotion, for what it'll letab. That's the only tbiDg to do with tho property." Dreamy as the spot was, however, it at ' least afforded a shelter from the obill and damp of tbo night ; and Rhoda was heartily iglad when Bhe had kindled a blaze of dry StiokB on the iarge, unused hearth, su thai Mrs. Gordon aonld warm her marble-oold hands, . Look, mothor I" she oried, fondly orush- Sng the frozen dew from Mrs. Gordon's hair ; the old plaoe is qnito aomfortable, now that wo have managed to get the door chat. Isn't it fnnny, the idea of a little abeetnnt tree growing right neroee tbo three fold? It eeemed almost wioked to break the branches away, as I was foroed to do I And by and by I'll spread my shawl over tho dead leaves in the oorner, and— Ob, what's . Itbat?" i It was very strange thoy had not seen it before, yet it certainly mnet havo been there all the time, the figure of a little, old man, all in batternut brown, sitting by the fire. He was dressed in a quaint, old-fashioned style, with knec-brcoohes, and a queue down his baok, and was holding his hands over |tho blaze with a sort of ravonoue oagerness 3or the warmth. Ho was so little, and bo ipale, and bia teeth ohattored so in his shrivelled bead, that Rhoda's momentary in dignation died away at onoe. ; " I hopo I don't intrude," said the little jold man, with the deprecating falsetto of iage. " Bat it's oold, very oold, and I haven't . ween a fire hero before in a qaarter of a cen tury." Rhoda looked hard at him. ' "Do yon live near here, sir?" she asked. The little old man nodded. « Very near," eaid he. I need to know /your Grandfather Grupp. A hard-working man be was, and the best band at a horse- 'shoe in the oonntry round. Ah, yet I I knew bim I" Mrs. Gordon pulled Rhode's sleeve sur reptitiously. \- i "i think the poor, old creature is a little erasy," said she. "But let him stay, let brat stay and warm himself. . He osn do sao harm to any one, poor, halt-famished soul!" And etUl the Man in Brown talked steadily on, bis bands spread oat over the fire. "Did he ever toll you about the briok?" aid be, " the briok that was buried nnder Ibis very hearthstone? Not a olay briok, . my dear, bnt a briok of gold I Not a groat, big thing, eaoh as thoy pnt in tbo englo ol a bouse, either, bnt a little, gonteol eort of a brick, that it would makea'misor'a heart leap within bim to handle. It was your Grand, lather Grnpp's whim. He was a peculiar old man, a vary peouliar old man. Bb? did : be ever tell yon about tha briok?" "I never saw him, sir," said Rhoda, timidly. , " Ah, true, very trao," said tha little old man. "Yon aan't always keep traok of r time. ' And it waB a dcoa s«orot about the briok between bim and me. He had made a .. , great deal moro monoy than folks bad any. Idea' of, and thai was hi i way cf taking oazo 'lot it. Of aonrae, I may dopond upon you not to mention it?" I < I don't understand yon, sir," said Rboda, ber veins chilled with b oorlain awe, and, in ' the same moment, the Man in Brown looked at a tarniahod bttlo silver wotob which hung it hia side. T " It's Iato," said ho, " later than I had any idea of. Goad ovoning, ladies, I hope I haven't intruded I Good evening 1" . I It was late tho next morning when Mrs. 1 Gordon and Rhoda knoakodnt Mr. Giddinua' Jdopr# and told their tale. The old rauii. the / nearest ncignnor re tua aesertea rorge, turned pale. ... | It's Ben Haverstraw I" said he. " Old Ben Haverstraw, who has been dead and bnried in the little ohnrohyard back of the forge these forty years I Ha used to play oards with yonr Grandfather Grupp, Miss Bbody, many a night, after the forge was ehnt up, and folks supposed everybody was abed and asleep. My father haB desoribed bim to mo many a time, an odd little man, in brown oiothos, with blaok Bilk Btookings end knee breeches, a queno banging down hia baok, and a braid of seals at bis fob. Folks said ho was in loaguo with the Evil One. He wasn't a good associate for yonr Grandfather Grupp, anyhow. Yeo, yes I He's been dead full forty years, and maybe longer." "But that iB nonsense?" criod Bhoda. " It was no ghost that we saw. It woe a little, old-faehioned traveller, who was oold and tired, and oamo in for a little rest." "Did yon see bim aomo in?" demanded Mr. Gidding. "No," answered Rhoda. . I Did you see him go out ?" ''-I And again Rhoda and her mother were compelled to answer in tbo negative. He woe gone. That was all thoy know abont it. 44 Ah 1" eaid neighbor Gidding. " I thought eo. S'pose wo jnet oall my eon Abram and the hired man, with a crow-bar or so, and pry up that there old hearthstone ? F'rbapo it won't do no good. Certainly, it won't do no barm I" They pried np the sunken, old etone, ana there, nnder tbe oorner, was a tarnished brick of gold— of solid gold, welded together as only a skilled workman in metals could have welded it I All this happened years ago. A handsome, modern residence now stands where onoe the forge-lights gleamed sullenly oat upon the night, and Rhoda Gordon — married to Alvan Gidding — lives there with her step- mothor. Farmer Gordon would fain have patohed np a piece when bis daughter beoame so nn expeotediy en heiress, bat -Rboda abso lutely deolincd a treaty of any aort, whatso ever. " Mother and I suit oaob other," ehe said. || We never have suited you. Things art better as they are." But to this day, the wiseacres of tha neighborhood can never agree about tbe Little Man in Brown. Tha idealists set the whole thing down aB a well-authentieatod ghost story. Tba practical members of Booiety call it a dream, a fanoy, a mere fig- mant of the imagination, oddly pieoed on to a forgotten story, Rhoda and her mother, themselves, do not know what to think. And tourists often leave the train at Grupp'e Forge station, and oome across tbe fields to look at tbe sunken tombstone wbioh marks the last rosting-place of Gaptain Benjamin Haverstraw, who died Jane 8, 1830, and hie friond, Heber Grnpp, buried olosa at his side. "It's very strange," they say. "Very strange, indeed I Really, there is no aooonnt ing forsaob things." The wise prove, and the foolish confess by their oonduot that a life of employment is the only life worth leading.— Faley. Keep np hope in bad times. Wo have the same eon and Bky and stars ; tbe same God and heaven and trnth ; tho same dnties and the same helpers. Hope thou in God.— Dr. Goadeli. " The ahief eoorot of comfort lies in not suffering trifles to vex ob, and in prudently cultivating oar undergrowth of Bmall plea sures, sinoe very lew great ones, alas I are 1st on long leases. , 