LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 4, 1895. This time last year we were all sadly an- <*> ticipating Mr, Gladstone's immediate demise. It could not be long delayed, said the doctors solemnly. The magnificent constitution had lat last gone to pieces, and what overwork at ]an advanced age had begun the wrench of re jsignation would complete Bat a twelve month has elapsed since then, and the Grand Old Man shows no signs whatever of giving up the ghost. On the contrary, he appears more vigorous at 85 than at 84. When one re-| members tie few hours per diem spent out of bed by the average octo genarian one begins to realise what a phenomenon the ex-Prime Minister is. On bis birthday last Saturday, for example, Mr. Gladstone rose at half-past ti, and an hour later was fuming because a marrow-chilling north-east gate prevented his walking to the early servioe at Hawarden church. The morn ing was spent opening hundreds of congratu latory telegrams and several mail bags full of letters and presents from all parts of the world. Then about noon the right honorable gentleman donned his fur coat, and accom panied by Airs. Gladstone and other members 1 of his family, not forgetting Miss Dorothy < Drew, who hopped gaily along holding grand papa's hand, proceeded to the Hawarden vestry. There an Armenian deputa tion, introduced by Mr. F. S. Steven- Ban, M.P., were waiting, and to them Mr. Gladstone delivered, seated in a chair, a speech eloquent, vigorous, impas sioned, which is being read this morning in all parts of the world with respectful attention. Mr. Gladstone's utterances must always command attention, bat on this Armenian Question he has a special right to be heard. Be is stai the true friend to whom the oppressed subjects of the "unspeakable Turf turn naturally in their direst need. And well they may. '• It was thought," said the Grand Old Man on Saturday with just pride, "it was thought a great extravagance when I said that I thought it was time the Turk and all his baggage.' The Tories gibed soornfuilv, scoffing at. Me. Gladstone's outcry, which might, tiey said, be sumptuous verbosity, but certainly wasn't practical statesmanship. Yet out went the Turk neck and crop, bag and baggage It wasagloriouscrusade. Mr.Gladstone'eburning words swept over Europe like a flame, setting alight to fierce indignation everywhere. Before it the Sultan of those days and his friend, Lord Beaconsfield, cowered and fell. When the Treaty of Berlin had been signed and the Turkish Empire "consolidated" by the simple but effectual process of curtailment, even the dullest Tories could see who was the practical statesman and who the mouthing A-nlaitimrn Whether the Turk in Armenia has been worse than die Turk in Bulgaria we shall know }>re&ently; when the Commission now enquiring into the atrocities has reported. One thing, however, is certain. If there were, as the Armenians feared, a chance of the scandal; being forgotten or hushed op, the G.O.M. has destroyed: it. ICo one living can command such an audience as he, or arouse the world's conscience more effectually. The Armenian conimissioner? will now do their work with thei Gladstones eye upon them. If it is un satisfactory the Great Powers are sore to take the matter up. Lord Eosebery will see to t&at.; ' The middie-elass Yankee when pure and un adulterated by pernicious foreign influences is a charming study. Be but notorious and lie will forgive you—as he would say himself— "just anything." Herein this benighted old land when a man robs a bank, or forges a cheque, or mints counterfeit coin, or defrands the widow and the orphan, society looks coldly upon him ever after. He may bear his punish ment manfully and do his utmost to atone, but it must be under a new name and amidst fresh surroundings. To confess his identity with that of a man who fell would be to damn his chances utterly. A few good and true eouls might be kind and many more would certainly be patronising, but tire majority would simply avoid him. In America they manage things very differently, as witness the case of Mr. Austin BidweU, commonly called the "'Kingof the Forgers." About tue year 1869 Has enterprising pereon was chief of a gang of forgers, whose depreda tions on no loss a person than the Old lady of Thr?adneedlfi-GEtreet, thriH*^ <•!?? commercial i*immmii<yymfaifr>n^y Theywerenltiruatelv all lagged, and Bid well, as their leader, gait penal servitude for life. Two years ago, having done his "twenty-stretch, 3 to use the professional phrase. Me. BidweU emerged from gaol, a re formed character. "I faced," he says, "our fearful sentence manfully, and after having paid Justice her pound of flesh came out with courage and fortitude unbroken to begin again the battle of life." Mr. Bid well wont to Ampriraij wheTd Jwu*fJ>pA of llMing fajfi' light under a bushel he proclaimed both sin and punishment on the housetops. "The King of the Forcers, repentant and seeking a better life, settles in Hartford, Conn.," announced the papers. He was "interviewed "of coarse, and related harrowing experiences of prison sufferings. Parsons and philanthropists patronised Mr. BidweU (he was a splendid "draw 9 at tea meetings) and business men gave him a hand. His was a very interesting ease, and he made the utmost of it. The man's record, which in England would have damned liiit^ in Hartford helped him on. Everybody wanted to do somethinz for this phenomenal repentant sinner, this prince of reformed prigs. Nowadays Mr. BidweU holds a high plaoe in serious circles at Hart ford. Writing to the London Evening Newt, which on November 19 devoted an article to Me able exploits as a forger, he Bays: —** In the two years since my liberation I have made a record and achieved a position in the literary world as well as in the world of finance. So much so that when I went on a mission to Philadelphia a few months ago I carried intro ductions and vouchers from the wealthiest and most conservative banker in America, and this week I am to be the guest of the first literary club in New York. The mayor of this city or any bank or banker will vouch for me." Miss Christina, Bossetti, who died rather suddenly on Saturday morning, was recently described by an acknowledged judge as " with-1 in her range the most perfect poetess that this country has produced. And yet many tolerably well-read people had never even heard of her or if they Lad heard of her knew nothing of her work. I remember when the discussion as to who Tennyson's successor should be was on and Mr. Petehett-Martin and others were stoutly maintaining tiie claims of Miss Rossetti, hear ing an Oxford M.A. ask "Who is this Chris tina Bossetti? Dante Gabriel Bossetti I have! heard of, but Christina is new to me. | Tell me about her." Needless to say this; student was a Scot, and confined his reading of poetry to Burns and the Wizard of the North. Nevertheless, so far as Miss Rossetti is concerned, I am afraid a good many of us are like him. Christina Rossetti belonged to! one of the most remarkable families of our century, every member of which seemed to be i endowed -with the indescribable quality we call I genius. The Rorettis wore the children of an Italian refugue, and the finest Italian qualities were common toall of them. Theywcrcbrought up on Dank-, and saturated with his work and his spirits Only those can truly appreciate the greatest of Florentines who possess a religious mind combined with an artistic sense. It was the " Divine Coaimedia" and " Vita Noova"" wliich above all else inspired the work of the Kossettis, and gave them their sense of form as well as their ideas. Christina was the youngest child of Gabriel Kossetti, born in 1830, and two years younger than the poet painter. She has been styled the Queen of the pre-Jtaph&elites;, and aptiy enough her posi tion amongst the brotherhood has been com* pared with that of die very different Margaret Fuller amongst the Tianscendentalists. All the Bossectis were precocious and in her teens Christina blossomed into an authoress. Her ea;iy • forts were printed at her grandfather's press for private circulation, and the little book that contains them is <amongst pre-Baphaelites and ex-pre- Kaphaelites) one of the rarest and most precious literary curios. When the Germ was started Miss Rossetti contributed some beauti ful lyrics thereto, but the pre-Raphaelite magazine had too limited a circulation for them to attract general notice. In 1562, however, appeared "Goblin Market," which established Christina Kossetti'a reputation, and proved her one ot our rarest songsters. Both this work and "The Prince's Progress" were illus trated by Dante Gabriel, and first editions now command their weight in silver. In appearance Christina Rossetti in girlhood resembled the ideal " blessed damozeL" She radiated peace and purity indescribable. Her brother painted her again and again, but his best portrait as well as his masterpiece is the world famous "The Girlhood of the Virgin," engravings of which are common and sure to !« familiar to you. The face of the virgin is pale and ascetic, uniting the simplicity of refined girlhood with the individuality of approaching womanhood. Her long fair hair sweeps over her shoulders past her waist. The face is an exact likeness of Christina, but her hair was brown and not fair as in the picture. A complete edition of Miss Bossecti'a poems came out in 1390, and can be obtained for a few shillings. "In the extremely rare gift of song writing," wrote Mr. Edmund Gosse some time ago, Miss Rossetti has been Evnjrulariy successful. Of the poets of our time she stands next to Lord Tennyson in this branrb of the art, in the spontaneous and complete quality of her licder, and in their propriety for the purpose of being sang." The same critic paints out a peculiarity in her sonnets, which must, indeed, commend themselves to all judges, that many of them are objective; and ho declares that as a religious poet of our time she has had no rival but Cardinal Newman— "she is the sister of George Herbert; she is of the family of Crashaw, of Vaughan, of Wither." You most find space for one little poem, which has a pathetic interest now : — When I am dead, my dearest, Sing no sad songs for me; Flaut thou no roses at my head, No shady cypress tree; Be the creen grass above me With showers and dewdrops wet; And if tbou wilt, remember, And if thou wilt, forget. I shall not see the shadows, I shall not feel the rain; I Bhall not hear the nigntingale Sing on, as if in pain; And dreaming through the twilight That doth not rise nor set, Haply I may remember, And haply may forget. Finally let me quote a few stanzas from one of tho most characteristic, and perhaps the most beautiful, of all Miss Rossettfs poems — the poem of Christian's progress, "From House to Home":— Then life swooned from me. And I heard the song Of spheres and spirits rejoicing over me; One cried—"Our sister, she hath suffered long"- One answered—" Make her see." Multitudes —multitudes—stood up in Mis«, Made equal to the angels, glorious, fair; With harp, palms, wedding garments, kiss of . peace, And crowned and haloed hair. Each face looked one way like a moon, new lit. Each face looked one way towards its Son of Love; Drank love and bathed in love and mirrored it And knew no end thereof. Glory touched glory on each blessed head, Hands locked dear hands never to sunder more £ These were the new-begotten from the dead Whom the great birthday bore. 