f Author of • The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu l»nd,,> " 'Tween Snow and Fire,” ■« Throu-h the Zulu Country: Ita Battlefield. and it. People,” eto. CHAPTER XXXVi.—Skllon's Last Lie. \ But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to Gay coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a littlo. Now, however, it iu no wise disconcerted him ; rather, it struck him in the light of a joke. Ho had got his cue, and meant to act up to it. So when his somewhat involuntary host •naked if ho would mind giving him a private interview, he replied with the jollieat laugh in the world. “Certainly, certainly, my dear follow. Delighted. Well, Miss Effie”—as that young person ran against thtmi in the hall— “here I am, back again to tease you, you “ Where’s Uncle Ronshaw, Mr Sellon ?” aaid tho child. Maurice stared. The straight question— the straight look accompanying it, discon certed hin for a moment. “ Renshaw 1 Oh, coming on,” ho answered •quickly, “coming on. Be here soon, I daresay.” He had made the same sort of reply to the same inquiry on tho part of hiB host. He thought he had done with the subject. It irritated him to be called upon to repeat tho same lie over and over again. “ l>y the way, Mr Sellon,” began the latter, “did you gee the letter I sent you at Marsicdorp r” •* Mister Sellou !” Maurice started. Old Chris was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought, with an inward laugh. “Not l,”he answered. “Probably fortao best of all possible reasons. I didn’t come through Maraigdorp, or anywhere near it.” “ Before going auy further I want you to look at this,” said Selwood, unlocking a smali safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. “ Wait—excuse me one moment, I ■want v<m to look attentively at the direction first.” He stilt held the envelope. Maurioe took one glance at the address—tho handwriting— and as he did so his face was not pleasant to “ All right. 1 know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha! So she has been favoring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me ■in particular. You ought to feel honored.” “ If Favoring me?" echoed tho other, in a state of amazement. “ Yes—you. I suppose the communica tion is mi interesting one.” “My dear Sellon, look at the address again,” said Christopher, handing him the • envelope. “By Jove! It's for me after all,” looking at it again. “What a treat! Why tho dovil can't the woman writo legibly,” he muttered. Then aloud: “ Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood.” “ Ha—I am very glad indeed to hear yon say that. I thought the same. You see, I’d got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake.” “ The devil you- did !” “ Yes. I can only tell you how sorry I am, and how I have spent life cursing my blun dering asinino stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you that 1 didn’t become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no be ginning. I turned to the signature for en lightenment, hut between the first page and the signature 1 did not read a word.” Seliou burst into a roar of laughter—ap parently over the mistake, iu reality as he realised how quickly he would be iu a posi tion to turn the enemy's Hank. “ My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich One. See what comes of our names being So infernally alike. Two sells—eh? But you don’t suppose I am going to share in your entertainment over this charming epistle? Not much. 3ust oblige me wiih a match.” “Wait, wait,” cried tho other. “Better read it thiB time—or, at any rate, as much of ft as it was my misfortune to see.” “Ii'm! Well, here goes,” aaid Maurice, jerking tho letter out of the envelope, as though it would burn his fingers. “Quito> 80,” he' went on, with a bitter sneer, run ning his eve down the sheet. “ That’s about enough of this highly entertaining dooumeut. The rest can be taken as read, like a peti tion to the House of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood,” he went on, Watching the flaming sheet curling up in the grate, “ I need hardly remind you how many men there are in this world who marry the "wrong woman. I daresay I noodu’t remind you, eithor, that a considerable per centage of these are entrapped aud defrauded into the concern by lies and deception against whioh it is next to impossible for any man to guard—at all events, any young man. When to tbi3 I add that thero are women in this world who, for sheor, gratuitous, uniform fiondishnees of disposi tion could give the devil points and heat him at an euBy canter, I think I’ve said onough for all present purposes.” “This is an awkward and most unplea sant business,” said Selwood. “ Excuse me If T feel bound to refer onoe more to that letter. The—er—writer makes reference by name to Miss Avory, who is a guest in my house, and a relation of my wife’s—and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it aa mildly as I oan.” . “Mv dear follow, that’s a little way of hers. I can assure you I am most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about the business. Aa to the mistake, don’t give it. another thought.” “ How did Mrs—or—tho writer—know Miss A iory was bora ?” This was a faaer—not so much the ques tion, as the faot that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the Writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sunningdalo for tho first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this side of it. “ That’s beyond me,” he answered. “How Aid she know I was hero? For I need hardly tell you we don’t correspond every mail exactly. I can only explain it on the score tnaemore people know Tom Fool than T. F. knows : that there are, I suppose, people iu this neighborhood who hail from the ohl aonntry, or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that upon business.” “ You will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a married *** •"« f*ad been,’ you should have said, not * wore.' Not but what legally I am still tied ap fast enough—chained and bound—whish has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptation to make a fool cf himself a Second time in his life. Still, it doesn t Sount otherwise.” “No, I suppose not,” said the other, significantly. “ Perhaps it doesn’t keep a fn»n from making a fool of other people, though.” «Now, my dear Selwood, what the very 3euce are you driving at? For heaven’s take, let us be straight and open with each other.” .. ' „ “Well, I mean this. ItB a most un pleasant thing to have to eay to any man. (396) 1 Hut, you see, Miss Avory ia our guest, and a Uplation as well. You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very— er—marked.” One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring, and which Maurico kuew so well when to bring in, greoted this speech. “Look hero, Solwood,” he said, “I don’t want to hurt your feolings, but the fact is, you don’t understand women in the least. You are quito on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn’t care the ghost of a straw for me, or my ‘ attentions.’ Yon must re member that we both know—er—tho same people in England. There, you must fill in the outline. X am net at liberty to say more. But there won’t bo muoh time to put the matter to the test, for I’ve got to leave you again to-morrow.’’ To Christopher Sel wood’s honorable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuine ness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about it which, with a miin of bis character, was bound to toll. Ho felt iutonsaly relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had be not made an inordinate fuss over tho concern at tho start ? Had ho not raised ;a veritable storm in tho teapot, and set everybody by tho ears for weeks? Had he not in his anxioty to unburden himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less re liable derision of iiis wife ? In short, had he not made a consummate ass of himseif all round 1 Of course ho had. “ By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are to gether,” said Maurice, after a pause. “ You ami the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with mo, but I couldn’t say so without entering into further explanations, which would certainly have alarmed the ladies. AYe found our ‘ Valley of the Eyo’ all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Though ! I wouldn’t no on that jnunt again for twice the loot. The 1 Eye’ is a genuine concern, I can tell you— a spleudid atone. Fanning has got it. Well, wc spent the day picking up a few other stones, and just as wo wore clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or ICorannas, or whatover they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and then we had to separate—to throw them off the scent, don’t you see ? We agreed to meet at his place—that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. AVell, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn’t show my nose in tho daytime, and didn’t know tho country well enough to make much headway at night, and 1 nourly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the rivor, and get through to Fanning’s place, and when I got there he hadn’t turned up. Bat I found a letter whioh had been sent by speoial messenger, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about somo infernal but importaut law business, and I’m on my way there now. I loft a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of tho swag when it came to dividing, for we hadn’t had time to attend to that then, and except a few small stones he has it all an him. It’ll be something good, I guess. I dare say lie’s turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in his sleevo at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to know that awful country like A B C. I never saw such a fellow.” " That’s bad news, Sellon, right bad news,” said the other, shaking his head. “ Renshaw has been nil his life at that sort of thing, so we must hope he’ll turn up all right. But— the pitcher that goes too often to the pump, you know.” * “ Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directly.” AVe may.be sure that in narrating his ad ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi ences of the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he had suc ceeded in strikiug the river at tho drift where they had crossed; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breathless atieution. Whenever he looked up Marian Selwood’s blue eyos were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steady searching gaze. Bat he felt more bo when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. “A regular cross-examination,confoundit!” he thought. And then, by way of a diver, sion, he went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show aB the sole result of the expedition. These were ex amined with due interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly-imported Briton—and to that extent a greenhorn ? It be could find his way out and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer snen as Renshaw would fare any worse ? So on the latter’s account they felt bat small anxiety. Rot so Marian, however. A terrible suspicion had taken shape within her mind during Sell on’s narrative. “He has murdered him,” she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony—such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes bo called upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself—for the present at any rate. She was helpless. AVhat could she do ? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture as he had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the circumstance was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on tho previous evening, completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood’s mind; confirming us it did the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet 