.fpb Sl0rnlf ibn» j W 5 w t, i HIS OWI ACCUSER BY HOUGHTON' TOWNLEY. CHAPTER XIII. AN AIITFUL MOVE — MARKHAM DEFIED — PHIL ADMINISTERS A FURIOUS CHASTISEMENT. 4 Help !' faintly gurgled the choking man. ' ? You venomous cur ! I have your throat in ray grip. I have your life at my lingers' ends ; promise I shall never seo your face more, or I will strangle you where yoi. lie. Promise.'' ' Phil's fingers were too tightly locked on the victim's throat to allow lum to speak. The man only uttered a guttural sound, and clutched his as sailant's wrists. ' Promise !' Phil cried, shaking him as a terrier does a rat. ' But of what /use is the promise of a thief. Why don't I kill you now ? I will.' Tighter pressed his thumbs upon the purple skin ; blood began to trickle from the creature's nostrils, and his eyes started from their sockets, but still the infuriated youth held on. 1 Die ! you worm, die ? Why do your horrid eyes still stare at me with life ? I hate you. I know now what hate is. I know how you feel to me, but I can feel the same. I hate you ; I am stronger than you ; 1 have you in my grip ; and you shall die !' The helpless man relaxed his hold upon his assailant's wrists and clutched convulsively at the air. His body writhed bpneath his opponent's knee once — twice — again. His legs curled ? under him, but vain his frantic efforts to shift the crushing weight from his body. ,r 'Not dead yet! still staring at me wifu those horrid eyes. Why don't you r - Phil saw beneath him a black, dis torted visage with rolling eyeballs. He loosened his right hand that he might Mwrncrolw flmifrn thft lnilt.ltflnmG fflfifi : the ,, W.— -- — » — ? ? , j action gave the victim one moment s grasp of precious air — another minute's lease of life. ? 'I cannot kill him !' Phil almost shrieked in maniacal fury, loosening both his hands and smiting together with the ? two as though he would dash inward ? those rolling, glaring eyeballs. The victim gasped and gulped the precious draughts of life snatched in the brief respite, and found again Btrongth to writhe and toss. To Phil everything seemed whirling round. The face before him was mag nified like some horrible spectre in a nightmare. Again his fingers locked upon his enemy's throat. Then he heard con fused voices in his ears and a woman's piercing shriek, the . sounds of hurrried footsteps on the stairs, and a voice call ing plaintively for Dr. Marsh, a crash of glass in an upper room, followed by pattering feet on the stairs. A minute later the door of the room burst open, and Pauline, in her night dress, with wild, dishevelled hair, stood before him. ' I know it ! I saw it !' she cried, clasping her hands upon her breast and staring distraught and mad. ' Kill him 1 kill him ! Don't lot me soe the letter, only kill him, so that I shall never see it !' The sweet, gentle Pauline soemed turned for the moment in an abetting fiend. But the spell was broken. Phil re leased his victim and staggered to his feet. Ho realised that the ghost of Pauline's former self stood before him. ( Pnnli'na P /triad r\1 oinf t vol flfnn. p'ng over tho prostrate man and advanc ing with outstretched hands, ' is it you ? Don't you know rne ?' ' Get away from me,' she cried, shrink ing against the wall; 'you are a mur' dorer ! See, there is blood dripping from your bands. You think I don't know you, but I do. You killed uiy-father.' ? Pauline, Pauline I' he cried, ' don't look at mo like that. I am Phil — you know mo, Phil V ' You are not Phil. You ara a mur dorer. Look !' she cried, pointing to tho groaning man on the ground, ' Look ! he is not dead yet. Get on With your work.' 'Paulino!' ' Oh, come away, missy, do,' cried the agonised voice of Martha in the back ground. ' Oh, Mr. Phil, whatever have you been doing to Mr. M ?lrkbam ?' ' Pauline, don't you know me V 'No, Mr. Phil, she doesn't know atiy body but mo ; she's been like this two days. And she has been calling for you so, and to think that when you come she don't know you neither. It's pitiful. Oh; poor Mr. Markhara. What ha'-e you done to him ? How he's agroan ing.' ' Paulino, I'm Phil ; don't you re member ?' ? I remember,' she replied, nodding several times meaningly, ' Whero is Eddie T rr_ -j ? J i ? J™ OU UUVUIIUUU IWHIUUD IJVTI, uuw ouv i coiled swiftly out of tho door towards the staircase. He camn still nearer, begging her not to be afraid, and touched her. She uttered a wild shriek and gavo a look round that made his heart stand still. She seemed for one brief moment to recognise liim and remember every thing — her father's death, his own per fidy, and tho cruel letter. Then oblivion claimed her once more, and, staggoring forward, sho fell sense less in his arms, exhausted with tho ravings of her madness. The turning point in the fever had come. Her soul was balancing upon the wheel of lifo and death, and no man could say which way tho wheel would turn. Phil raised her in his arms and carricd her to her room closely followed by Maiilm. Tenderly lie laid her down, and Martha applied such restoratives as the circumstances demanded. Tlio poor girl had sunk at last beneath the conflicting emotions of de lirium. The tired brain, worn out with wild delusions from the land of dreams, collapsed beneath the strain. Sho lay in a half stupour, but occasionally hereyes opened and restod upon the face of Phil as he knelt besido the bed holding her thin, white hand in his. She smiled feebly as she recognised him, and closed her eyes as if to sleep. Deep sighs escaped her at intervals, and the quivering form by degrees sank into peaceful rest. ' She's going to sleep at la&t;,' whis pered Martha. ' Jdush ! said Phil, sottly, ' you nave awakened her again.' The big, sad oyes opened slowly and gazed npon Phil with a puzzled expres sion. The feeble white hand tightened upon bis, drawing him close. Ho bent over her tenderly and listened as she whispered — ? Phil, was it — was it a dream ?' ' Yes, yes,' he answered, smoothing back her tangled hair.' Go to sleep, Pauline ; go to sleep.' She smiled feebly, and slowly drew his big, strong hand between her two weak palms, as though the sense of touch gave her comfort and assured her of the reality of his presence. Then her eyes wandered from his face to the hand she held, and Phil followed her gaze. Horror ! His hand was smeared with bleod ! She gavo one dull look at the crimson stain, then another, and with a start of terror thrust it from her. She recoiled from him with a frightened cry, and in -a sudden lyirst of strength raised herself to a sitting posture, threw np her arms, and fell back senseless on her pillow. Blood ! blood upon his hands ! The brand of Cain in gaudy smears! He smote his forehead and cried aloud in pain, He remembered once more that he was an outcast from mankind ; but a moment since he bad sought again the life of a fellow creature, One . last lingering look at the still, fair form lying on the snow-white pillows, one farewell glance, and, TAisinir his lmnds above his head in wild despair, he turned and fled from the room. ( To be continued ,) Por Gravel and Kidney complaints use Colemane and Son's Eucalypte Extrac . The sweetest, purest, most delicious and best Biscuits are Arnott's Miik Arrowroots* 