4 loEtana Divorce Suit. o BT W. L. ALDEN IN "THE IDLER." " Tou saw that tall' chap standing on the rear platform ot the express when she went through here this morning ?" said the Jericho station-master. "He's the AtheiiBville Baptist preacher, and he's on his way to Chicaco to give his testimony in the great divorce suit. What! I never told yoa about any divorce suit? Wdl! yoa surprise me; for that there divorce suit is just the biggest thing of the kind we have eVer had in this section of the country. " Tbat Baptist preacher hasn't anything to do with it except to swear that he married the plaintiff aud the defendant. There's nothing crooked about tbe Rev. Mr Humphreys. He's as good as they make 'em, though I say it myseif ; and I - don't think much of Baptists as a general thing, having been brought np a Methodist, though I resigned from them when I was made a conductor, which is a berth that a man,.can't do anything with unless he can swear a blue etreak when the occasion arises. "Thishyer preacher took.charge of Athensville Baptist Church a matter of five years ago, and being a wonderful man for managing a church, and making it attractive to the general public, it wasn't lung before he had the largest cougregatioa of any preacher in the place. That year the people built him a new church twice big us the old one. It stands on the hill hbont a mile out of Athensville, for when it was built it was cal'lated that tbe town would grow in that direction, which somehow it hasn't done. " I tell this just to show what an enterprisine man the parson was. He insisted en having the tallest steeple to his new church tbat could be found anywhere in Montana territory, and b'gosh! he got it. People used to come from miles away to climb np in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the country being too billy in these parts to have mnoh scenery, bnt for all that people were anxious to say that they had been to the top of the steeple. "There was an old maid in Mr Humphrey's congregation who was mors determined to get married than any woman you ever saw. She was one of those thin, preser ringlooking women ; and a mighty dangerous sort they are. Miss Payson, which was this lady's name, was bound to - marry a young man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and wall-behaved a chap as there was in all Athensville. Of course, he didn't have the least idea of marrying the woman, but he was one of those good-tempered chaps that are always afraid to say no when a woman asks them to do anything. Good temper is the rain of lots of foikB. Its kept me down, I know that. H I'd been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows tbat never does a kind action if he can help it, I should have been superintendent of this road instead of being only a station-master atone of the smallest stations in the Territory. Never yoa be too good- tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men than whisky. " One day, Miss Payson she gets young Halsey to take her up in the steeple of the Baptist Church. Tou see, visitors were always going up that steeple between the hours of ten and five, during which the Bexton stayed at the chureh to attend to things, and see that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At 5 o'clock he locked up the door that led to the steeple, and then he locked np the church door and went home for .the night. - "Miss Payson and ber young man went lip the steeple about three o'clock in _ the „ afternoon, bnt die said ehe enjoyed it so much that Halsey was prevailed npon to stay there with het a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointine out all tbe houses in the town and every hill and valley in tbe. whole neighborhood ; and when ahe finally asked bim to look at his watch and tell her tha time, ehe was. as the pretended, dreadfully alarmed to find that it was half-past five. Halsey ran down the stairs and found that the door was locked, and nobody was within hearing. The sexton had forgotten that there was anyone np the steeple and locked np and gone home at five o'clock, as usual. Halsey came back and told Miss Payson, who burst into tears, and said that her reputation was ruined. She and Halsey would have to spend the eight in the steeple, unless he was willine to inmp ont of tbe. window and break fais neck, ana she would rather die a thousand times (ban iet bim do that. ; "Halsey was oonuderably seated himself, lor ha saw ; that, unless He could , invent some way of getting^ Miss Payson out jg thl>t* BteeplB, be would have to marry ber " w jot _ JSe ttuijagfat fiesd in forgetful Bort " tS my e on his ehtmldee. finally bright idea struck him. There was the bell Which was a etout one-inch manilla. ih&uldn;'t he lower Miss Payson to the ground with it, and then slide down it himpelfl,....- i- , ' ** He explained his plan to the lady, bnt shedidn'tseemto like it. She said she was sure the iHtipe wtfild break, or that be would drop it, orjtbat she would be killed in some sort 3ftoijjHtf ibe experiment was tried^ 'No,* yays she, * I wOl remain here, and trast to banojTas a gentleman to defend me tke aneers of tbe heartless world. I Tfeally haven't the oourage to allow you to lowst msdown this awful height with any "Halsey wouldn't hear to her objections, ifl art^ mthheralohg tima lt wasn't m^Wlcmde&taay; mentioned that tbe «iid r bat8,andsu<aithatMis8 jntted fotay u^^JSvenlhen ' * * iW jdiaaHsfiaA %otnan, and came vety . , WSOlviM that she Would take the risk of & firsteifcapturingadesirable husband. np' a awt - of - aeatfior Hie Oat ahe conld ait in tbe x _ Lt of the cope, with lashings around far bere and there, and couldn't fall out if^be wanted to. Thai 'he got ber to etand m. the window ledge, and lowered away. ~ * iekeda *ood dedat firetand end. It wasn't quite as long as he had 1 supposed tbat it was, and the upsbot was that there was Alies Payson about thirty feet from the ground, with no possible way of reaching it unless Halsey should let go hie hold of Hie rope. " He thought of letting go of it, but, being a humane, (rood-tempered man, as I have said, he couldn't bring himself to do it, since the result would bave been that either Mife Payson would have been killed or at least most of-her limbs would h?.ve been broken. So he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and called out to MIES Payson sot to lose coarage, and be would soon thiak of some way of getting her out of the difficulty. She begged him to draw her up a»ain, and he actually tried to do it, knowing all the while what the consequences would be if he succeeded ; bnt he found tbat he didn't have the necessary strength. Miss Payson was heavier than she looked to be, though she waa mostly bones ; but she was a good seventy-live feet below him and it would have taken two men of his strength to have hoisted her into the Bteeplesgain. He pulled at the rope till he wag pretty near exhausted, for he naturally fdt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he wasn'tetronpr enough to do. However, he had to come to it at . last, and tell her that if it was to save both their iivrs be couldn't tnauaite to pull her back ihto the steeple. So ehe settled down to cry, and he settled down to smoke a pipe, with a.view to clearing bis i d e a f e . " ' • . • . ," All of a sadden be saw what be ought to do, and wondered tbat be had been such an idiot as not to bave seen it before. There was the bellrjust above his head, and al! he bad to dp was to climb up and ring it by swinging the dapper from side to aide, till' the alarm mould bring back the sexton wftb tbe keys. By this time it was getting rather dark, and Sneey set to Work at that bell, and kept on tolling it slow and regular, for that was tbe only way he could manage to ring it. "It's the custom with ns to toll the bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on tbe bell as the deceased had lived years. When Halsey began to toll that bell the Athens- 'ville: people '.listened to find out bow old the deceased hwd - been: ' - When tbe strokes bad got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the town must bave died very sudden, for he had been seen 'drunk as usual and in perfect health that' afternoon as late as three o'clock. Bat the bell kept cn, and Boon, after it had tolled some two hundred and fifty times, and showed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that the sexton had just- happened to hear about the death of Methuselah, and was notifyingother people of the fact. " Yon m*y ask why didn't somebody go to the church and find out what the bell was ringing for. Well, for one thing it was 'just supper time, and nobody fdt anxious to take a walk of a mile or two just at tbat hour. Thai, too, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn't any general desire to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll the bell. The tolling kept on till Halsey bad tolled the bell four hundred times, and then the Rev. Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and when he heard Miss Payson's voice somewhere in the air over his head, he was considerably startled, thouch not being a believer in ghosts he wasn't the least bit fright- ened. " 'How on earth did you come up there, ma'am ?' asks the? Minister. * And what are yoa tolling the bell forP ' " Miss Payson explained what was the matter. She said that die and Mr Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon callating to find the parson there, and to get married; that not finding him they had gone into the steeple to see the view and had accidentally been locked in. She was sure that die couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Humphreys would nuuzy her to Mr Halsey without another minute's delay, and so save her reputation, even if it didn't save her life. The minister wanted to send for help, and get her sate on the solid ground before marrying ber,- but ehe said that she mnst be married' before .she could' dare, to face any of her townsmen. Such, she said, were also dear Mr-Halsey's .views; and If Mr Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a Christian, let alone a Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage sei vice. " Mr Humphreys finally consented, and called out to Halsey to nod when he should see the minister wavehis right arm, that being the only way in which Halsey conld make the responses, seeing as his voice didn't fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satisfactorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he had Miss Payson married to Mr Halsey. Just then the sexton came up with the keys and knowing where he could lay his hand on a length of rope, he took it np into the steeple with him, and bent it on to the bell rope. Then he and Mr Halsey lowered Misa payson to the ground, and came down the stairstogether. " * You'll find your wife waiting for you in the graveyard,' said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey. * She's naturally a little excited, and she's.resting on a flat tombstone.' 'If yoa mean Misa Pavson,' says Halsey, 'I can't understand why'yoa call ber my wife." V * I call her your wife,' said the minister, 'because I have just married you two, and I don't allow no man to question the binding character of any marriage'that I have a band in.' "'Married us!' cried Halsey. 'When and where ? This is the first time I have heard of it.' ** * Young man,' says tbe parson, * tnlawyer's a serions subject, and I don't approve ot jokes cn either weddings or funerals. Miss Payson told me when die waa swinging there in the air that yoa and die • wanted to be married the worst way, and eo I married you. If there is any mistake I'm not to blame. I've done my best as minister of the Gospel, and if yoa don't like it yoa can go to the Divorce Court and see if yoa can get it altered. I tell you candidly that I don't believe any court will listen to yon, for my maxxiageB are ironclad and 'bulletproof every time, and worth a good sight more than fin dollars that I'm waiting for - yoa to pay me. u Wdl, Halsey went home pretty mad. - wttbont waiting to Miss PayBon, and the very next day he begins a suit for divorce .ThatVthB mat divorce nut I was tdliiur *o&$Mi*0«ifc Dm Kev.Me •ataigllfc*^ _ decided tnfavor of'Habey. and aometfmeaia favor ot MIse Paysoa, and then it's always appealed, and has to be tried over again. Miss Pfcyson, die sticks to it that Halseyhad agreed to marry her, and that be understood perfectly well everything tbe parson said while the ceremony was going on. The parson says that Halsey nodded as was agreed upon when beasked him if he tooc Miss Pavson to "be his wedded wife, and all that sort of thine v and that Halsey bad bold-of tbe rope that was tied to Misa Physon, which was all the same as having hold of her band. On tbe other band, Halsey swears that he never meant to many the woman, and never knew that a marriage ceremony was being gone wfongh, bnt that be just nodded out of friendliness when be saw tbe parson Waving hu hand at bim. The evidence, as you can eee, Is pretty straight against him, and when ha does happen to jet a verdict it costs him a powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are mighty honest and high-toned, and it a good deal of money to induce them to see things in alight favorable to Halsey. Fm interefited in t>e case because of its importance. for if tbe courts finally decide that a man caa be married to A woman whin he is 75ft above her, and don't know what la <roiiur- 6n, noneof us is «afa; and first you know that some woman that is rushing through b»re onti»e entrtss will be married to me while l am selling tickets in my office, and ^II, tbere isno w in eitii|kg «ad . ^angtothatinaynevero^to ~ btmulTover it 