Sermon for Sunday. Loved and Laved. By THE LATE REV. 0. H. SpUHQEOM. Unto Him that lovoil us, trad washed us from our sins In His own blood, and lintlt xnndo us kings and priests unto God mid His Father ; to Htm bo «lory nud dominion for over and over. Amen. — ltovolntlons 1. 6, 0. This verso scorns to mo to bo fit to bo tJio song of heaven. It is indeed tlio opitomo of till thoso olioml symphonies with wliioh rodooraed Bpirits cirolo tlio tlirono of our grenfc Xiord and King. John, in viHion, hiid caught glimpses of tlio glory-lnnd, nnd hud honrd tlio great multitude wliioh no man con numhor raiso thoir hiillolujulis, as tlioy cast thoir oroivus boforo Him tiint sut upon tho tlirono ; nnd as tlio rofruin of a song hums itsolf over again ovon aftor tho singor lias soused, John, whon ho bogan to writs this book, scorns to liuvo ro- momborod tho chorus of thoso who "enmoout of grout tribulation, nnd luivo washed thoir robes, and mado them wliito in tho blood of tlio Lamb." I think that I hoar thorn now whilo wo aro listening here ; and this is tho grand olioralo of tho skies: "Unto Him that loved us, and wuHlicd us from our sins in His own blood, nnd hntli mndo us kings mid priosts unto God and His Futlior ; to Him bo glory nnd dominion for ovor and over." "Wo, in feoblor strains, fcrvontly add our " Amon." Lot us think, then, ot tlio lovo of Josus ; and as wo inuso upon it may tho tiro burn in our souls ! Hay wo bo raised out of oursolvos, and bo soatod in tlio licavonlies, "beouuso tho lovo of God is shed abroad in our hearts by tho Holy Ghost which is given unto us!" Our subjoot is— tho lovo of Christ, us shown in His washing us from our sins in His own blood. li Ho loved us freoly. That is clear, for Ho did not lovo us because wo had no sin j -if that hud beon tho uaso, Ho would not have needed to have washed us in His own blood; He did not lovo tie bccuuso wo were righteous, licoauso wo wero. obedient, beouuso wo hud noithor omitted any duty nor committed any offonco. No j but Ho saw us foul with sin, and yet Ho loved-;, us. Wo aro . dosoribod in Soripturo sometimes as orinison, and again as soarlot, with sin. . Thoso nro" glaring colours, and sin is a glaring,' staring thing, that must- ho seen.' God has soon it; God abhors it. But though He saw it, Ho loved us : " Christ loved the ohuroh, and gavo Him self for it." What wondrous lovo it is, that- "Christ should love a thief ! Yot Ho did, and tboku thief to bo tho first to enter His kingdom with Him. What amazing condescension that Christ should love an outoust 1 .Yet there was ono who lovod Him muali hoonilso ' Bho had beon forgiven muoh. How marvellous that Christ should lovo a swearer! Yet Ho loved Pctor, whoso swearing was of the worat kind, for he donied his Master with un oath. 'Twus passing strangb that Ohrist should love a persecutor! Yet Ho loved Saul of Tarsus, who was exceedingly . nind against; His people. Is not this the greatest marvel of all, that Ho should lovo you, and that- Ho should lovo mo ; that Ho lias lovod us, though wo huvo boon utterly unworthy of His lovo ; full of sin, and keeping to the sin ; porsovoring in it ; ro- f using to turn from it whon biddon to ropont.; rojeoting Christ nnd all His lovo ; and year after year continuing with a high hand to robol against God ? Yot he loved us wliilo wo wero dead in trespasses and sins j lovod us out of free, rioh, sovereign gru'eo ; not because wo wore lovely, hut beouuso He is loving ; not beouuso wo woro gruoious, but beoauso Ho is fn|l of graoo. Yoii seo,' the text does not say that Ho washed us and loved us ; as if from some high sense of duty Ho took away our sin, and then loved us whou wo woro oleun. No, it is not " laved and lovod," itis " loved and laved." Tho lovo is first, and beouuso' Ho loved us in our siiiB, and in spite of tliemi Ho, cleanses them all away. Toll out fiiis glorious Gospel, all yo who know tho glad tidings ! Lot men and angels hoar it again and again ! Ho loved us whilo our sin was yet upon us, and therefore Ho wasliod us, and mudo us whito through His own blood. It is lovo most, freoly given. . 2\. When wo meditate 011 Christ's lovo, wo soo that Ho lovod us effectually. Tjio text says that Ohrist "lovod us, dud wusliod us from our sins or, " loosed us from our sins.'k You that beliovo in Ohrist aro washed from all yoursius. Thore is no sin remaining upon you now in tho matter of guilt bofore God. " Who is he that oondomnoth ? It is Christ that diod." You are justified, through Christ, . from every sin. You are oleun every whit if you have belioved in Him. " Thero is therefore now no . condemnation: to thorn whioh aro' in Ohrist Jesus." But wo oan go further than this, nnd join with tho saints in hoaven in saving, " Ho hath loosed us from our sins," that 1b, from tho dominion of sin. When Christ pardons sin, Ho kills it — Ho oriioifies it , nnd- oruoifixion, you know, means death— but it is a lingering death ; und a oruoified man lives in pain, with out power to work or not; ho suffors and lingers. So is it with sin in tho bolievor. It is nuiled up, crucified with Christ. You can not do now what your ovil naturo suggests to you. A rospeotiihlo hum whom I know said that tho other night ho was driviug along with his old horse. Another man cume through tho fog, and their horsos touched oaoh" 'othor ; "but," Baid ho, " wo passed very civilly." But tliero came along 0110 who looked like a gontleinuu, driving rather fust : ho drovo into tho poor man's cart, and instead of making any apology, ho out him noross tho fueo with his whip. My friond is a decided Christian, yot ho Baid, " I felt that tiio old mini wits in me, and "I wanted to givo him a out of my whip in return ; hut I did not. When I got home, I said, ' Tho old man is net dead.' If ho had been dead, I should not have folt evon a momentary passion. 1 I kept hitn down, but I folt very angry, and I said to myself, 'Alii- though you have boen a Christian a great many years, the old man is still alive.' " So ho is 111 every one of us. Ho lies like n sneak in .the corner; but the day shall corae whon there shall bo no remains of tho evil, no trnoo of sin loft in us, nnd inheavon wo shall sing, " Ho hntli loosed us from our sins in His own blood. Ho has taken the lust relic of sin away— every tendonoyto ovil, every possibility of ovil" ; for it is written, " They aro without fault beforo /tho throno of God," and no sin shall ovor oomo into their hearts again. Lot lis remember, too, that His love ispev- peitual. Turning to tho rovised version, wo do '.not rend; "Unto Ilim that loved us," but "Unto Him that loveth us." I like that'. Jesus loves mo still. . Ho did not finish His love by His death. Ho loves you still. When Ho wus poor on oavtb, and despised ,nnd re jected of men, He loved you j und now that a royal dindom adorns His blossod brow, and all angels fall .down and worship Him; Ho loves you still; nnd Ho will always love you. Yon who believe in Him nro His prido, His Hephzi- bah'; His dolight. is ,in you. You oan hardly lovo yourself, can you ?. Whou you see your own faoo in tho glass, of God's law, is tlioro any boauty thoro? Did you ovor stand and spiritually admire yoursolf? If you did, you wore a fool. If you truly know your own heart, you cannot find thoio, aught to delight in. You blush. You hide your , fueo for shumo. . But Ohrist loves you.; "I am blaok," Baid tho spouse. Sho folt that alio was vory blaok. But whon sho 'looked , to hor Belovod, audi saw what Ho thpiight o'f her, shb .addod, "but comely." And wo oan appropriate , lior language. '(I inn, to myself, a thing uudono, but in Him washed and saved ; unlovely, hut by Him' beloved." Oh, it makes 'my heart bout within ine! I feolas if I could leap. into heavon.whenl think '(Ho lovos mo ! Ho loves nao ! .. Hp lovod mo when Ho died for. me : He livoth for mo, und Ho loves mo still." V li , !1. If you fool its I do, youwillgo with mo into tho othor part of. tho - subjoot": v " To Him be glory and dominion for' Aovor> and over. Amen." So, in tho' third place1, lot us glorify this loving, living Saviour. Imyojworo to do . it fitly, wo should want to have jriusio : suoh as Handel „wroto i and whon ,we should sing' of it, if wo hn'd all of us porfeot voioos, ,wp should go homo arid say, " An I it was poori praiso 'com-, pnrixl with what he deservos." j So wo will, not try singing, but will talk of somothirig praotioiil. j If wo aro to glorify Ohrist we .must gladly ' confess His nsmo. If j'ou ,|hnvo uovor ueknowlodgod Him nnd confessed' Ilim, begin uow, anil auy, "Unto Him tint loyed 1110, and washed mo from my sins jn His own blood; to Him'be glory." If you really moan that you aro bound to oomo out arid own tliut you uro His disciplo. You cannot say, " To Him bo glory," und thon liido yotirself nwny, und novor soolc to bring glory to Ilis immo by openly avowing Him your Lord Und Mastor. Somo ol you aro liko a niouso beliind tlio wainscot. You mo in tlio Lord's house, but you aro not known us ono of tho family ; somotinios you givo a littlo squouk in your hiding pliioo, and sometimes oomo out at r.ight, as tlio mouse does, to piok up a crumb -or twa jjufiiout being buciu Is this worthy of yoursolf ? Is it worthy, of yout Lord nnd Mastor P You nro a Christian, you say, hut you'do not want to bo known to ho a Christian. A soldior in tho Lord's army, but you novor put on your rogimontaiB ! You liko always to bo in mufti. You aro afraid lost anybody should know that you aro a Holdior ! If a man bohavod liko that in tlio British army, tlioy would drum him out of tho regiment. What would ho tho good oi snoli a follow ? If lin is ushumcd of Hor Majesty's uniform, lot him bo gone. Ho is not loyal to his sovereign. 1 am not going to condemn you who huvo novor oomo out and owned yoursolf followers ot Christ ; I wisli that you would hold a littlo court, and condemn yourself ; and that instead of my drumming you out, you would drum yoursolf out, and say, " I will not stay any longor in a position whoro I can bo talked to liko that. Glory bo to Ilim who hath lovod me, und washed mo in His own blood ! I will oponly confess Him. I will unito with His people, for 'lam His, and IIo is mino.' " Next, if we really do wish to glorify Hun, wo must shun nil sin. A man cannot say, " Unto Him that loved mo, and washed mo from my sins, bo glory," and thon go off to tho nlo bonoh und drink with tlio drunkard. You daro not say, "Unto Him bo glory," and thon, as a pro- fossed Christian, go and do a dishonest' uocd,- or speak a lie. . If Ho washed mo from my sin . with His blood, I must hate sin. It murdered my Lord. It cost Him His life to eave mo from it. How, -' thon, oan I — how daro I — toy with it P "How sliull wo .that are dead to. sin livo any longer therein P". How shall wo that are washed in His blood, goand stain our garments again, and play with iniquity, and triflo with trans-. grcssionP Remember that you aro loosed from Bin. It no longer holds you captivo. Tho chains aro dissolved by fiio blood of atonement. Why, thon, should you go about as if you woro iu bondage. Wo shall nover liavo done with sm whilo wo are here, but tlint is'no reason why wo should bo defiled by . . it, for the fountain whoroin wo woro washed at first is always open. As tho spring of lovo .nover ooasosto flow", so tha efficacy of tlio blood . is novor lost, f Tho blood of Josus Ohrist His Sou oloansoth us from all sin." If wo roully wish that Ohrist should have glory and dominion becuuso Ho has washed us' from our sins in His blood, wo must do nothing 'to dishonour Him oursolvos, and wo shall do anything , sooner than soo His blessed Gospel and His holy name dishonoured by. others. . Oil, I would sooner ho accounted as the off- , eoouring of till things than have any part with those who reject or dim tho Gospel of my Lord and, Mastor! I would sooner ho acoou'nted tho ; greatest bigot on earth, uiid tlio most stupid 1 fool thut ovor breathed, tliun . enter into any partnership or brothorbood with, thoso who koop buck tho Gross of Ohrist, or 'cast a slur upon tho . inspiration of holy Soripturo. Whou duo en Elizabeth eamo to a miry pliioo in ono of hor progresses, you re member liow Sir Walter Riuoigb, without a moment's thought, took off his now cloak, whioh hud cost him muoh, nud sproudit.in the way, that licr Mujosty might walk over it. Havo I any honour ? Havo I any reputation. Have I any namoP I will throw it down. Lot it go oil tho iniry place, thatmy Lord may tread on it and no mire may coino on him. May wo all who know that wo are loosod from our sins, got into just that spirit which, whenovor mon uro finding fault witli the Gospel, will 'Bay: " Hero, find fault with mo : turn all your attontion to mo ; only spare my Lord." Christ is set iu tho pillory, and mon are pelting Him. Ho is tho true lover of Christ who comos up to tlio nillory, and stands in front of Him, rosdy to tako tho blows aimed at his Lord ; who drinks in so muoh of tlio cliaruotor of . Christ that ho can truly uso that languugo whioh is J1IOI/ Cllipiuy Ull IVItltl lUiULVilUU IU CllU UL Christ Himself : " Tho roprouohes of them that roprouohed Tlieo nro fallen ripon Tno." Hois not honoured whom men honour. Ho is honoured who is inndo a laughing.-stook for Christ's sake. "Biossed nro yo when men shall rovilo you, and pcrseouto you, and Bhall say all manner of ovil nguinst you falsely, for My sake. Rejoico, und ho exceeding glud :. for great is your reward in heaven." Get this spirit into you: "Unto Him that loved us, nnd washed us from our sins, bo glory nnd dominion." " Thore," snid a dying man who was in a ditch whon tho great Emperor Napoloon redo by, and ho heard a shout of viotory, "lot mo dio, tho emporor bus con quered." And oh ! may not you and I bo woll content, to bo blotted out und forgotten so long ns Christ tho King Hhall oomo to His otm again P Ho shall soon triumph. With tho ear of faith you may almost hear His .chariot wheels. Ho' comoth ! ' Ho comoth quickly' and happy shall he bo in that day who'now has been dospised lest Christ should be dis honoured. I 