THE BEONION OF THE CHURCHES. THE ABCHBISHOP OF MEL- BOURNE REPLIES TO CANON POTTER. SPBAKING at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday night, the Archbishop said:— When I finished my address on last Sunday week, I did not think that I should be called on so soon to deliver another lecture. If the daily papers had published my address in full, or even with substantial completeness, I should probably not have .undertaken to reprint it. But it so happened that what very -many regarded as the most important and telling parts of the address were omitted by each of the daily papers. Canon Potter undertook, as he bad a perfect right to do, to reply to my address, on this night week. Oa Monday I mentioned to a reporter that I purposed to get my address Teprinted in pamphlet form, and that in the preface I would notice Canon Potter's statements. In his zeal—some may think it impatient zeal—Canon Potter, instead of waiting a few dajs to see what I had to say in the preface of my reprinted address, published in Thursday's Argus a letter directing my attention to some parts of bis lecture, which, I suppose, he feared might hare escaped my notice, and also modifying, if not withdrawing, some uncomplimentary things he had said in his lecture. In these circumstances I hare thought it well to utilise materials which I had collected, but which I could not compress into one lecture. Canon Potter is a clergyman of such broadminded and kindly tolerance that any controversy with him must be specially disagreeable. He is a scholar and a gentleman. . He is also an Irishman. It is seldoii ,tha.tu" |m -JriBhman fails in a keen sense of Inittfeu^v.But Canon Potter-is, on this occaS^cti^ .an egregious failure. He, set^ me-doVn,\in fact, as "attempting to -jiaflS gHr'kn offensive libel on the English Ckwchtfor the actual deliverance of fcn jEJfcglish Bishop." Since the good old days of the Vicar of Wakefield no such amiable simplicity as this has graced the life of a parson. Canon Potter had never read, nay, he had never heard of the " Churgress " or its sprightly author. The lambent wit of " The Prig " was to him a sealed fountain. Even now he does not know who " The Prig" is, or the character of his works. Perhaps when he learns that " The Prig" was an Anglican parson like himself, he may refer to him more respectfully, and even enjoy the good humoured though pungent satire of the " Churgress." The author has deftly woven the real with the imaginary. He has availed himself, as he tells us, of some fragments of newspaper reports of actual Church Congresses, which he gives in italics, while his own work is in ordinary type. The extensive circulation of "The Prig's" books, the price they maintain, and the unstinted eulogy of leading literary journals in England are a solid guarantee of their merit. The learned Canon is astonished that " when treating so serious a topic" I should " use such weapons as these." He makes no allowance for the different classes of adversaries with whom one may have to deal, or for the different manner of reply that may be perfectly suitable for one, though quite unsuitable for another. But tee Canon must remember that , I gave formal notice that I was not then treating my subject in a serious way. I specially warned my hearerB that they might regard the Churgress as an imaginary one. I could scarcely indi- cate mora clearly without appearing to offer insult, to the capacity of mt audience tljat I was in that part of my address referring to an authority who, in his various books, undertakes to convey solid truths in a humorous manner. The Bishops of Northumberland and of St. Cuthbert's—imaginary sees it is needless to say—are introduced as speakers, and the character of their speeches is such that the transparent satire would seem, except for Canon Potter's testimony, to be absolutely incapable of misleading the most artless and unxuspecting. Surely the Canon cannot seriously imagine that I meant to represent Northumberland and St. Cuthbert's as existing Anglican sees, when a whole army of Anglican clergymen could, and would, without any reference to Whitaker or Crockford, expose the attempted' deception P To muke assurance doubly sure when parting from " The Prig," I again gave notice that I was no longer indulging in ahuinorous vein. These were my words : " But to return to the serious, from which we have for a little time gone aside, simply because under the guise of pleasantry solid truths may, as the classic poet tells us, be agreeably communicated." The quotation from the Bishop of Northumberland's address instead of occupying a fourth part of my reply, as Canon Potter very incautiously states, did not in reality occupy a twelfth part of it. Having re-read, in the light of Canon Potter's remarks, the address of the Sight Revd. President of the Ballarat Synod, I feel more strongly than I felt before that it bears a striking family likeness to, and, therefore, justifies the introduction of, the speech of the Bishop Of Northumberland, quanguam ridentem dicere verum Quid vetat ? If Canon Potter, before preparing his rejoinder, had taken the trouble to read the additional report of my address which was published on Monday in the Herald, or the full report which appeared on Thursday, and again on Saturday, in The Advocate, he would have saved himself from serious mistakes, and have saved me the trouble of correcting them. Without due inquiry he had charged me with stigmatising, without %>rotf, -Dr. Littledale as a discredited controversialist. These are his words:—"leannot but think it a pity that Archbishop Carr should call Dr. Littledale ' a discredited controversialist,' and yet not say when, or how, or by whom his crcdit has been overthrown." A full report of my lecture convinced Canon Potter of the mistake, but what is his acknowledgment of that mistake P Here it is. He says, if the firBt report of my lecture was imperfect there was sufficient time to supply the defect between Monday and Saturday. This implies that I had not done so. But I had supplied it on Monday in the Herald, and on Thursday and Saturday in The Advocate. As I had already given my MS. to each of the morning papers, there was no hope that any additional report would appear in these. So much for the Canon's first evasion. Secondly, he says, instead of giving the testimony of others regarding the inaccuracy and general worthlessness of Dr. Littledale, it would be better had I myself pointed, out one error. I took pains to collect the testimony, not of Catholic authors, no matter how eminent, but of Anglicans of the highest standing, on the value of Dr. Littledale's book, and I believe it would be difficult, if not impossible, to produce such a consensus or condemnation regarding any other con- troversial work.' Well, if the Canon will not accept this .consensus of, condemnation by his own clerical brethren, and the admission wrung from Dr. Littledale himself, what hope could ther« be that any words of mine would infiuenoe his judgmentP "If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they believe if one rose again from the dead." Even if, at .the Canon's suggestion, I undertook to refute not one, but twenty, of Dr. Littledale's arguments, and succeeded to the most perfect satisfaction of every honest mind, the outcome of my labour probably would be to be told that " enough remains verified to make an overwhelming case against the Vaticanists." In any case, I think I may be allowed to conduct the controversy in my own way, and as I deem most effective, if not ap.-xBJfp'ds'-4' Canon, at least as regafd^iUkp.lg|£di public. If there be Aj^y/pomt in lecture more than an father itS> which, as far as I understand, pub'lic'"ciptai agreed, it is the poin%, regarding worthlessness of such Mt^ajathority ss Dr. Littledale's " Plain ReaSr»k£^~_'. But a more glaring instance of Canon Potter's dexterity is seen in his reference to Pr. Ryder's treatise. Either Canon Potter has read Dr. Thornton's synodal address or he has not. If npt, he has no right, I submit, to interfere in the controversy. If he has read it, does he not know that the words " unanswered because unanswerable" are the .words applied by the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat to Dr. Littledale's work P. The Canon's reading of the full report of my lecture in The Advocate must have been very cursory, indeed, when he quotes me without a shadow of foundation as applying to Fr. Ryder's book words which, taken from the synodal address, I, with repeated emphasis, applied only to Dr. Littledale's " Plain Reasons." Seldom was controversialist more unfair than Dr. Littledale, or more successful in exciting feelings of disgust amongst prominent Anglicans, and of indignation amongst Catholics. To the offensive bitterness of his works we owe, perhaps, the complete refutation of the author. There is an unmistakable significance in the very titles of the Catholic replies to this writer, as, for instance, " Dishonest Criticism," by Father Jones, S.J.,; " The Character of Dr. Littledale as a Controversialist," by Mr. King; " Truthfulness and Ritualism," by Mr. Orby Shipley. It is difficult to reconcile all the complimentary things we have beard about Dr. Littledale, with the fact that the English Church Union, nder whose auspices his " Why Ritualsts Do Not Become Roman Catholics " was published, was compelled to withraw the pamphlet from circulation after Mr. Orby Shipley had exposed its unruthfulness and unfairness. There is a strange inconsistency in he conduct of those who, on the one ' and, profess an ardent desire to proote the reunion of the Churches, and, n the other, defend or help to circulate such transparent errors and gross libels. s are contained in Dr. Littledale's works. It is still more surprising that men of sensitive honour and refined minds should liiive'sytnpathy with one who was a stranger to the nobler qualities of head and. heart. This is a strong assertion, and ought not fo be made lightly. But anyone who reads Dr. Littledale's cowardly libels on English clerical con-„ verts will feel that it is fully justified. ' ' Enumerating the " practical reasoni'" which . influenced. Anglican convert clergymen generally, he allows himself' to write,thus of married, clergymen:— " I have much reason to believe that, in not a few instances, the motive which has prompted the secession of such men has been the wish to be permanently free from the moral and religious checks of the clerical profession, and to be at liberty to adopt uncensured the habits of hfast layman." He was repeatedly challenged to give some proof of this atrocious char«;«, but he never attempted to , substantiate it. Considering that the liv«s( of ,these men had been as an open book," tjiat they themselves were the worthy sons of England's Universities, that before and after conversion they had worn the white flower of a blameless life,.and that they had sacrificed all that man holds dear on earth, home, high position, and life-long friendships, the calumny was as cruel to them as it was dishonouring to its author. Canon Potter asks when did the urch of England lose her Catholicity P xJ)e will, read this reply from a hjgh Anglican authority, Dr. Child, he will learnhhat'the Church of England never .l<jst /her Catholicity, Bimply beoause Nhe cA^v^r had it. He will also learn that VwJmething more than the nominal retention and repetition of the ancient creeds, and the'observance df a few amputated rites, is required to link the. Anglican Church of to-day with the Church of St, Augustine. Dr. Child, one of the latest writers on the subject of the Tudor Settlement -of Religion, thus states the plain, though, to some, unpalatable truth, that Anglicanism is a complete severance from Catholicism " It is difficult to study the actual' facts of sixteenthcentury history, ' putting apart preconceived ecclesiastical theories, without arriving at the conclusion that the English National-Church was as completely the creation of Henry 'VIII,, Edward's CoutfcH, and Etfzabethj. ss Saxon Protestantism was of LutHer, or Swiss of C&lv;'in or of Zwihgle.' Obviously no man who. sets forth a distinctive form of Christianity can proclaim himself the founder of a new religion or a new Church as such. So long as the new organisation claims to be Christian at all, it must go back for its foundation to Jesus Christ and His Apostles, and he himself can appear only as a reformer, a restorer of what professes, and must profess, to be the religion which they delivered to mankind. In this particular the claims of the English reformers of the sixteenth century were the same as that of Luther and Calvin, or of Cartwright and Travers, and the whole question about what is to be regarded as ' primitive ' or ' Catholic' is one of interpretation and historical theory. The history of the Church in England was continuous from the mission of Augustine—or, if we prefer it, from the Synod of Whitby—to the time when Henry VIII., upon a disagreement with the Pope about his divorce, cast off his allegiance to the Papacy. From that time tolthe present, witb the short interval .between the. reconciliation under Mary, and Elizabeth's first Parliament, it has been severed from and excommunicated by the great body of the Catholic Church ; and as the latter was before precisely that which it has continued since, it is clear that the former must have been something not the same; and it is not the mere retention of a few names and titles, used in a kind of, ^sfcoqnd intention,' and a few more or Ie»a~_amputated rites, which will ever tnake peiWjfi^i- intelligently instructed, believe tbn^^h establishment, which obviously isNaraXmere creature of a single'* wfeta, W^he legitimate and adequate representative of that imposing d magnificea^ WeBtern Ghurch, which is older than any existing State in Europe, and grander than anything that the world has ever seen, and which has been picturesquely described by an old writer as 'the ghost of the old Roman Empire, sitting robed and crowned upon the grave thereof.'* A fair consideration of the actual facts of the Tudor history serves to show that a theory like that which prevails so widely at present—which represents the English Church in any other light than that of one (thongh ip may, perhaps, he admitted, the greatest and most dignified) of the many Protestant Churches •which arose in the sixteenth century—is •a novelty which took its very earliest 'rite some half-century or more after the separation from Rome, as' a direct consequence of Elizℶ'^deterirination to give no qnarter to ifife e.aVlipjuPjiritans, and which made littleror no^>rdetf^Kfor another half-century' still.. Theyfon; dence is, simply overwhelming shows that, daring the wfcel£ from 1 1552 onwards, \the 'Eijfgli Church was considered .by ;friend8 jijijJ foes alike, to be, for all^Mjenfe^fid.lJuM poses, one with the Swiss^Wwi^heg^Ol _ — ^ — ; Zurich and Geneva. The divines ot the Church of England during the period in question differed, no donbr., among themselves 011 those minor points, which, as we have seen, were so nearly carried in favour of the Puritans in the Convocation of 1562 ; but their great anxieties were two only, viz., to shake themselves free from 1 the tyranny of the Bishop of Borne and all his detestable enormities'—to use words which once were sounded forth in all the churches in the- land, as one of the petitions in the Litany—and, secondly, to claim brotherhood and sympathy with the Protestant leaders in Switzerland and on the Upper Rhine." Canon Potter may say that Dr. Child speaks not.for the whole Anglican body. If Dr. Child represents the Low Church School, as I believe he does, the Rev. Mr. Pocock is certainly a representative of the High Church party, and he is, beyond question, a very great authority on the Reformation period. We find it difficult to reconcile his statements with Canon Potter's claim on behalf of the Anglican Chnrch, which claim he rests on tiie possession and defence not only of the " Catholic creeds," but also of the "Catholic order of bishops, priests, and deacons," and the reception of valid, unmutilated sacraments. Assuredly, the men who broke off from obedience to Rome, and on whom depended the continuity of the Anglican with the Catholic Church, troubled themselves very little about Catholic Creeds, Apostolical Succession, or unmutilated Sacraments, or, any other truths. " I suppose," says Mr. Pocock, " I should not be far from the truth if I were to describe the episcopate of Elizabeth's reign as having scarcely anyother history than that of entering upon their bishoprics under simoniacal contracts made with the Queen or her favourites, of spoiling . their dioceses to the prejudice of their successors during their occupancy of the sees, of engaging in suits for dilapidations npon a death or translation between the newly-appointed Bishop and the outgoing prelate or his heirs." f And, again, "As to the belief in an Apostolical succession in the Episcopate, it is not to be found in any of the writings of the Elizabethan Bishops." And of those same Anglican prelates he writes that "probably not a single Bishop was to be found who believed in his own Divine commission or in the efficacy of the sacraments." But Mr. Pocock does not confine: himself to the Elizabethan bishops. He has the same or worse aomplaints to make of the Anglican bishops into the reign of Charles I. " There is no history of the Chnrch of England," he Writes, " which gives any adequate idea of the degradation into which Teligioos observances had fallen at the end of the 16th and beginning of the 17th centuries, and-the consequence is that few people understand the immense amount of gratitude which they owe to Archbisho Laud for the recovery from that^ccw dition—a recovery almost wholly' dftfrW bis indefatigable endeavours to restore more Cathplie tone to doctrine and practice." ((jHtardian, 9fh Nov., 189.3). , It must not be forgotten th(tf\£aud himself—father of High Churchiatofcin hiscobference, withFr. Fisher spofrof the Anglican Church as being Protestant*. But a higher dignitary, than Mr. Pocock, to wit, the Bishop of Worcester, Dr. Perowne, speaking at the Birmingham Church Congress, leBS than two years iago, boldly stated "the Church of England has nowhere said that Episcopacy is necessary to the exiNtenoe of a Church. I challenge any ,man to bring forward a passage from any.aythor of the Church , of England in .which he has said iso much as that. • . - I ; • Bee Frori&e;, Vol.'VIX., pp. 330-4. * | Quavdi&n;, 38rd'Norembcr, 1893. am very willing and ready to stand upon the same platform with Bishop Hall, one of the best, bishops that adorned the bench of the English Church, and a man who suffered from Puritan persecution. I do feel that we are making a great mistake about this matter. It seems to me (and I think that I have read all the great divines of the Church of England with an especial view to this question) that we have taken up in these later days a very much narrower position than the Chnrch of England herself occupies. The Church of England, as I said just now, has nowhere said that the three orders are necessary to the existence of a Church. There is not such a passage in the Prayer Book " Bishop 1 Perowne speaks with authority on the order of bishops, priests, and deacons. If his testimony is accepted, Canon Potter must seek elsewhere for a valid proof of the Catholicity of the ^Anglican Church. Neither will he find such a proof in /the retention of the Catholic creeds, for many of the early heretics held these, and though the validity of their orders : was unquestioned, they were still separated from the Unity, and, conseqnently, *' from ' the '* Catholicity " '' of ' the " Church. Take the Donatists. In an article in the Dublin Review which, under Divine Providence, led to Cardinal Newman's conversion, 'Cardinal Wiseman traces the striking similarity between the pleas urged by the Donatists in the fifth century, and by Anglicans in the nineteenth century to be recognised as members of the Catholic Church.' It is the boast of Anglicans that as many aB 150 of their Bishops attended the Pan- Anglican Council of Lambeth, but in 411 St. Augustine met 279 Donatist Bishops in conference at Carthage. Singularly enough, amongst the Donatists there was a High as well as a Low Church party, though both agreed in jealously protecting the validity of their orders. Bat, notwithstanding their pleas, their numbers, and their unquestionable sacraments, St. Augustine thus addresses them, as cut o£E from the Unity of the Church:—" Come, brethren, if you wish to be engrafted in the vine, it grieves us to see you thus cut off." There is no difficulty as to the vine of m R a C which St. Augustine spuw, spoke. "The , B ' sh °P' Carthage, he says, "could afford to despise all his enemies, seemg himself m communion with the Soman Church m which the primacy of the AyostohcSee has always flourished And the illustrious Doctor ofiheChurch the Church, in thus speaking, did but re-echo the woras which St. Cyprian had spoken in the ; third century, when he called the Roman See " the root and womb of the Catholic Church, the fountain and source of Catholic unity."! And St. Irenans, who through his master, St. Polycarp, the pupil of St. John, inherited the traditions of the Beloved Disciple, speaking of the Roman Church, says, "It is necessary that every Church, that is, the faithful who are everywhere, should agree with this Church, in which that tradition, which is from the Apostles, has been preserved by those who are everywhere." The whole passage is so pertinent that I quote it in full:—" For since it would be very long in the compass of our present work to enumerate the successions of all the Churches, taking that Church which is the greatest, the most ancient, and well known to all, founded and established at Rome by the two most glorious Apostles, Peter and Paul, by indicating that tradition which it has f rom the Apostles, and the faith it announces to men, which has reached even to us by the succession of Bishops, we confound all those, who, in whatever manner, either through self-pleasing or vain glory, or blindness and evil inten. tion, gather J otherwise than they ought, j? or to this Church, on account of its superior principate, it is necessary that every Church should come together, that is, the faithful, who are everywhere; for ib this Church the tradition, which is f rdm the Apostles, has been preserved by e who are everywhere. . . • By _ _iXprdination and succession the tralwK and preaching of the truth, whicl&jk; from the Apostles in the Cburch^Utf reached down to us. And "thWiPro^S most complete, that it is one aiid''&e;|s8ne vivifying faith, which has been pVeseTved and handed down in tiu%7in^e Church from the Apostles tOn&e;^rflsent day." The novelty and the hollowness of Anglican claims to Catholicity .are,transparent when subjected to historic tests. In the Coronation Oath the Sovereign of England swears " to maintain the Protestant reformed religion, as it is eatab- * Epiefc. xHii. 7. : t St. Oyprian, Epiat. 45-40. \+ The same idea is expressed by St. Jertme'in bis Epl8tle(16) to Pope Bamasns :-Whoso f^eretl1 not with thee, scattereth; wboso is not of Christ iaof anti-Christ, lished by law." In the Oath of Homage, which every Anglican bishop in England s bound to take on his knees before the Sovereign when obtaining the grant of the temporalities of his See, we have this declaration :—The Sovereign is the only supreme governor of the realm of England, in spiritual and ecclesiastical things as well as in temporal; and the said bishopric, as well the spiritualities as the temporalities thereof, is held only of the Sovereign. Is there in all this the slightest appearance of the word Catholic, or of the idea the word conveys? When did a post-Reformation Sovereign of England ever Bwenr that he would maintain the Catholic Church ? So far back as 1793, when the penal laws were still largely in force, Catholic, aB Mr. Lecky notes, was the term employed from the Throne to designate the persecuted and enslaved people of Ireland, whose religion, as the world knows, was not Anglican. The new-fashioned claim to the title Catholic was not then dreamt of. At the time of the Disestablishment of the Anglican Chnrch in Ireland the. Coronation Oath was frequently brought into requisition. The literature of that period, from press, platform, pulpit, or legislature tells of the Protestantism, and of nothing but the Protestantism of the then established Church in Ireland which was the recognised sister of the Anglican Church in England. Does not Canon Potter, therefore, see that it is only a play upon words to say that " even since the days of Augustine the first Bishop of Canterbury, the Church of England has held and maintained the Catholic Creeds, and the Catholic order of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons." For while the phraseology ay be unchanged before and after the no change could be greater, than that indicated by the terms, as to the Catholic and Anglican Cardinal Newman's historic epigram— " To be deep in history is to cease to be a Protestant " is most clearly illustrated in such questions as Anglican claims to Catholicity on the one side, and the claims of the Roman See to Primacy on the other. Canon Potter will find very few.students of ecclesiastical history to endorse his statement that the Papal ^ Primacy of jurisdiction, as f d J . <ig 0 J d to the ,^ ;^ constitution of the Holy ^ Chnrch Jt wag denonnced (Irenaus) of Gaul in the second .* * and h> the fi„ t Gregory, ,g iluJf' of EoIJ >in the sixth. It was u_ .u. T?„„» ni..—»,„„ never admitted by the Eastern Churches, and it is now repudiated by the English Church." The reference to Pope Gregory I pass over, with the remark that, in a published lecture, I have already dealt fully with this question, and I am astonished that anyone like Canon Potter, with a reputation for scholarship, should commit himself to 6nch a threadbare misrepresentation of a great historic personage. It is true that the claims of the Papacy do not rest merely on history, but, examining the records of the early Church, there is no fact that stands out more luminously than the acknowledgment, in the East and West, of the Primacy, both of honour and jurisdiction, of the Roman Pontiff. With that acknowledgment the name of St. Irenseus is, as we have seen, inseparably associated. I shall anticipate Canon Potter's objection to Catholic authorities, whose name IB legion, and whose testimony is unimpeachable, and will confine myself to Protestant historians. In measuring the value of their testimony it must be borne in mind that the question of the Roman Primacy of jurisoiction is the pivot, as Canon Potter himself asserts, on which the whole controversy of the Reunion of the Churches turns. "If anything," says Dr. Nevin, a former president of Marshall College, Pa.—"if anything in the world can be said to be historically clear, it is the fact that with the close of the fourth century and the coming in of the fifth the Primacy of the Roman See was admitted in all parts of the Christian world." That this primacy of the Roman See was not only a primacy of honour, but also of jurisdiction, is acknowledged by the same writer, who goes on to say :— " Examples of the actual' exercise of supreme power on the part of the Popes in the fourth and fifth centuries are go frequent and numerous that nothing short of the most wilful obstinacy can retend to treat them as of no account. f n' every great question of the time, whether rising in the East or tlie West, all eves show themselves ever ready to •turn"towards the Cathedra Petri as a last resort for counsel and adjudication; all controversies, either in thd way of Appeal or complaint, or for the ratification of decisions given in other "quarters, are made to come directly, p r indirectly 'in the end, before this tribunal, and reach their final and conclusive settlement, only through its intervention. The Popes in these cases take it for granted themselves that the power which they exercise belongs to them of right, in virtue of the prerogative of their See; there is no appearance whatever of effort or of usurpation in the part they allow themselves to act. It seems to fall to them as naturally as the functions of a magistrate or judge in any case, are felt to go along with the offices to which they belong. And the whole world apparently regards the Primacy in the same way, as a thing of course, a matter fully settled and established in the constitution of the Christian Church. We hear of no objection to it, no protest against it as a new and daring presumption, or as a departure from the earlier order of Christianity. The whole nature of the case implies, as strongly as any historical conditions and relations well could, that this precisely, andno other order, had been handed down from a time beyond which no memory of man to the contrary then reached'' * The opinion tif the Roman See's Supremacy," says Hallam, "seems to have prevailed very much in the fourth century. Fleury brings remarkable proofs of this from the writings of Socrates, Sozomen, Ammianus, Marcellinns, and Optatus."+ • • " At the commencement of the fifth century," writes Dean Millman, " the lineal descent of the Pope from St. Peter was an accredited tenet of Christianity." (History of Latin Christianity, b. II. c. I. v. I.) The same author goes on to say: " Before the end of the third century, the lineal descent of her (Rome's) bishops from St. Peter was unhesitatingly claimed, and obsequiously admitted by the Christian world." (History of E&rly; Christianity, Yol. III., p. 370.) This writer also admits that " Cyprian (Bishop of Carthage from A.D. 248-257) acknowledged the hereditary descent of the Roman Bishop from the Great Apostle." (History of Latin Chris- tianity, b. 2, c. 4, p. 248, v. I.) And again, that " the succession of the Bishop of Rome from St. Peter, was now, near 200 years after his death, an accredited tradition." (Ibid. b. 1, c. 1, p. 66.) Neander, the well-known Church historian, says, " Optatus of Melevis, who wrote in the last half of the fourth century, represents the Apostle Peter as head of the.Aj>ostles—as representative of the unity of the Church and of the Apostolic powejj.who had received the Keys of the km^ionji for the purpose of giving them to othegit-. . . . In the Roman Church he 'g&seives; the indestructible Caihedrp Pejfa. This stood in the same relation 'to thgrMher episcopal Churches as the Apotue jPeter stood to the rest of (he^^mfistlei. The Roman Church reprea^M&^tfie one visible Church, the on6 Episcopate." (Vol. III., pp. 236-237.) The same author continues : " It is impossible to doubt as to what the Popes, even as early as the fifth century, believed themselves to be, or would fain be, in relation to the rest of the Church after having once listened to the language which they themselves hold on the subject." (Ibid: p. 242.) He acknowledges that " Cyprian looked upon the Roman Church as really the Cathedra Petri, and as the representative of theoutward unity of the Church." (Vol. I., p. 299.) He again remarks that" very early, indeed, do we observe in the Roman Bishops traces of the assumption that to them as successors of St. Peter belonged a paramount authority in ecclesiastical disputes; the Cathedra Petri, as the source of Apostolic tradition, must take precedence of all other ccclesiee apostoHcte. In the Montanist writings of Tertullim (A.D. 150- 220) we find indications that the Roman Bishops, already issued peremptory edicts on ecclesiastical matters, endeavoured to make themselves considered as the Bishops of Bishops— episcopus episcoporum, and were in the habit of speaking of the authority of their " antecessors-.' (VoL I., p. 298.) Here the allusion is evidently made to the conduct of Pope Victor, A.D. 190; Pope Zephyrinus, A.D. 200; and Pope Stephen, A D. 250. Mr. Ernest Renan, the well-known French savant and sceptic, admits in the Hibbert Lectures, delivered in London in 1880, that" the Pope of Rome has made it (Christianity) the religion of the world," (p. 122); and after mentioning the attempt of Valentinus to establish a Gnostic School in Rome and his excommunication by Pope Hyginus he goes on to SHy—" The centre of a future Catholic orthodoxy was plainly here.' Pius, who succeeded Hyginus, showed the same firmness in defending the purity of the Faith. Cerdo, Marcion, Valentinus, e " Early Christianity," Merccr&erg; Review, 'September, 1861, in Keurlck's "The Primacy ot tUo Apostolic sec," pp. HB-ISS, vii., p. 270. t "Middle Ages," chap. • Marcellinus, are removed from the Church by the sentence of Pius. , In the reign of Antoninus (A.D. 138) the germ of the Papacy already exists. in a very dejiniteform (p. 148). " Borne," he continues," was the place in which this great idea of Catholicity was worked out. More and more, every day it became the capital of Christianity, and took the place of Jerusalem as a religious centre of humanity. .Its Ghwrch claimed a precedence • over all the others which was generally recognised. (Iren. 1IL Tertull. Prescript 21, 36. Cyprian Epist. 52, 56, 67, 71,- 73; Firmillian.) All the doubtful questions which agitated the Christian conscience came to Borne to ask for arbitration, if not decision. Men argued, certainly not in a^erTf^ogiogl way, that as Christ had mptae Cephas tywhitf corner stone of Sis .Ghtirch, the ought to be'inherited jby Sis successor^../L*\\. . The Bishop ofs^tome became the Jwhop of bishops, he vfho admonisJied'all others. Home proclaims her,right—a 'dangsr<}4is right—of excommthiicating- thole who did not walk step by^tep Wth-^ ber. . , . At the end of the second century we can recognise by signs which it is impossible to mistake, ihe spirit which in 1870 will proclaim the Infallibility of the Tope. . . . lie jaeus (A.D 135-220) refutes all heresies by reference to the belief of'this Church (of Home), ' The greatest, the oldest, the most illustrious, which possesses, in virtue of an unbroken succession, the true tradition of the . Apostles Peter and Paul, and to which, because of its primacy, alt the rest of the Church ought to have recourse.' (Lib. III. 3, pp. 172-174.) And going further back, and speaking of the " last years of the flrstjeentury," he says:—" Already the idea of a certain primacy belonging to his (Pope Clement's, A.D. 91-101) Church was beginning to make its way to the light. The right of warning other Churches and of composing , their differences was conceded to it. Similar privileges—so at least it. was believed— had been accorded to Peter by the other disciples." (Lake xxii. 32) (pp. 124-125.) To find isolated passages that might suggest evidence of resistance to the exercise of the Primacy of Jurisdiction claimed by the Roman See, Canon Potter is oljjigedjjogo back seventeen hundred y^Sttfc 'OHi on Pope Sj. Victor and St. Irenseus phmce has been singh* • larly -infelicitdui.'- j^'e have already : hotedthe terms in^fllrtjich St. Irenseus Tecognise'S the claiBisNof Borne as bl. '' the,greatest, We mojjt,"ancient, and the universally known- Church' of Rome, founded- and ; established by^ the two niost glorious~apoStles, Peter a'fid Paul;" as the Church " with which it is nedessary for every church to agree, becaUjse of her more powerful principality or supremacy" (principatus). ' T Because St. Irenseus wrote to St. Victor a strong but respectful warning not to cut off the Asiatic churches which persisted in maintaining the Jewish observance regarding the time of Easter, therefore he is represented, as opposed to the Pope's claims ,of' a Primacy of Jurisdiction. The question at issue was obviously a matter of dis-, cipline, as Br. Salman himself admits, bi^t the Asiatic Christians strongly .adhered to. their usage through reverence for ; St. John the Evangelist, to whom traditionally they ascribed the practice. Op the strength of this respectful remonstrance of §t. Irenaeus, who himself agreed/ with r the Pope about the observance of Easter, and had actually, ,as he^d of a Synod in Gaul, written to the Asiatic churches strongly recommending conformity with the Boman custom, an attempt is made to set up St. IrCpaius as protesting against, the. Primacy of the Boman See. IJo,inference,can bemire destitute of foundation. The authority of the Pope was never questioned. It was r withip the^jci^srtr^^fi^irensous, as it ' would b^^^inUE^afflteB^any bishop in rigorous right'^s not 'always Jto.WuBed.'' \- /dealing wi&^feAjstyry qftWse distant times if e (must' tfear in untnd that t"heChurch/was "still ,W^M^Macoinbs, and the, wowSeiyi Jiaveso few,,but that ^e^aV»Tnj^many, a.nd, so palpable evidences of ..the of the Primacy of ,the Ito,manPontiff. Can jjny man Approach tpe. subject without preconceived theories, or without a determination to oling to liis prejudices in the face^ of the 'most cogent testimony* pnd npt peo in theaetspf Victor the clearest He collects the evidence of the Christian -world, except Asia, on the question of the time for observing EasteR ; •2.. He request? the Bishop of. JSpheiras : to jnmmon the Asiastic Bishops to a ;countiil. with aview to in^aqe them to relinquish rtheirlocal custom. 3 Some of the' Asiatic Bishops, Quoting ancient precedent, ad'here'to 1 their custom, aud St. Victor threatens to out them off from the "oonuBon unity" if they persist. Whether he did go or not is uncertain. 4\. St. Irenseus interposes, recognising the authority of St. Victor, and pleading that it was not a question of faith, but of. discipline. Now, as Dr. Kenrick well remarks, "theboldingof the councils at St. Victor's solicitation, the compliance of some of the bishops with his injunction, the plea of ancient precedent strongly urged by others, the remonstrance of Irentcus against precipitate severity, all concur to prove that tbe authority of Victor was universally admitted, although the justice or expediency of its exercise was -qugptioned. St. Irenaeus knew the difficulties of the position, and the tenacity with which the Ahiatic Churches clung to their local customs. He himself was the disciple of St. Polycarp, who was in turn tbe discipline of St. John, . by whose authority the usage may have been originally sanctioned or at least tolerated. Fifty years before, Polycarp, Bishop of Smyrna, had visited Bome, and Anicetus, the reigning Pope, endeavoured to persuade him to conform to the more general usage. But Polycarp pleaded so earnestly on behalf of the custom of the Asiatic Churches that the Sovereign Pontiff did not press the prohibition. Bightly then does Professor Harnack, probably tbe most distinguished German Protestant authority of the day, argue that Pope Victor "ventured by an edict . . . . 'to declare that any Church which did not adopt the Boman method [of observing Easter] was excluded as heretical from the Communion of the one Church. How could Victor have ventured on such an edict . . . if it was not already established and recognised that it belonged to the Boman Church, as its distinctive prerogative, to determine the conditions of the koin4 enoses where essential doctrines of the faith were in question." (Sogmingeschichte I., p. 368 ) In view of the non-Catholic testimony I have quoted, can we wonder that the overwhelming claims of the Boman See to the Primacy of Jurisdiction, as well (LB of honour, captivated intellect of Cardinal I^ew^anMiito ttfe obedience of Catholic faith P After B» exhaustive study of the early'fathers, whilst yet a member of the Anglican Church, but im^tyrine ' tKe' : «' KindlV. ISght to lead him on,he contrasts thVi proofs for the Papal ^Supremacy 1 that are found Anl&Nii; times with the adducible testimonies favour 'of the Beal Presence. . . . " With such evidence, the Ante-N"icene testimonies which may be cited in 1 favour of the Holy See> need not fear a comparison. Faint they may be one by one, but at least we may count' seventeen of them, and they are various, and are drawn from many times and countries, and thereby serve to illustrate each other, and form a body of proof. Whatever objections may be made to this or thpt particular fact, and I do not think any valid ones can be raised, still, on the whole, I consider that a cumulative argument arises from them in favour of the oecumenical and the doctrinal authority of Bome stronger than any argument which can be drawn for the same period for the doctrine of the Beal Presence." (Development of Christian Doctrine, pp. 2526.) I am unwilling to dwell on Canon Potter's reference to the Sacrament of the Altar (where his want of' accuracy again "appears in attributing to me what was_ said by Lord Halifax) and to the mutilation of it with'which lie charges the Catholic Church. Considering the mutilation of the Sacraments as to their ntLmber, essential qualities, an'd effects, Which took place at ih? time of the Beformation, any reference to the jnutilaion of the Sacrament bf the Altar ^0es not come very appropriately from an nglican clergyman. If.4;he sacraments ave been mutilated,' if the Shadow has b^eh substituted for the substance to such' an eytfent" fjiaV the beggarly' lements {egiwi ' of the Old iafr had a higher meahiii§ ahd a fuller grade dun is '^recognised ui 'the'skcramehts of the New'Dispensation by Very inany Anglicans;-theJpss'hhd the pro-' fanation, and the shame must be laid at the door, not of the'Catholic, but of the Beforined Churches. I shall not 1 add to the length of my lecture by answering Canon Pdttfer, from whom better things niight be excepted, regarding the mutilation of the Eucharist, because if he is acquainted With the Catholic doctrine of the feucharist, and thejpractice of the Churbh in pre- Beformation times in England,'no answer, is needed. If he requires information oti thiese points. I would r^fer'him to the admirable,work of fcy. Bi-idgett, "The History ' of "Me lEuchhr'isf iri Gre&t; Britain" ('two vols.j. where he Wijf finil "eV^ry Btitemeht supported-by the'most reliable evidfuce. It would be interesting to know what Canon Potter understands 1by a Sacramcnt, and more particularly by the Sacrament of the Altar, and how far his clerical brethren would accept his definition of either. But on this, as on many other points in dispute between the Churchcs, a Catholic controversialist labours under j the grave disadvantage that while his i own faith is clearly defined, the belief of I his adversary may be so uncertain or so elastic as to accept or to reject almost, if not absolutely, every doctrine commonly regarded as included in his creeds. Tbe Church of England embraces within her pale men who differ as widely as'the Bishop of Lincoln and the Bishop of Liverpool on the doctrine, of the Eucharist, or as Canon Liddon and Canon Fremantle on the Divinity of Christ, or as Dr. Pusey an.d Dr. Farrar on the doctrine of Everlasting Punishment, or as Mr. Gore and Dr. Hatch on Episcopacy, or as Dr. Christopher Wordsworth and Mr. Haweis on the Inspiration of Scripture. " Of these two pairs of conflicting teachings," says a distinguished bonvert, " one may be orthodox, but it is utterly impossible that both can be. One may be true, but tbe other n?ust be false, must be heresy; if heresy be contra fidem, contra dogmata, contra^^itatem. Yet the Church of England^ i^trfejites both classes of te.achei s, is in commtyi^ib with both, includes and continues tcMir£ elude both within its fold witjipnl sighj' of censure, or expostulation, or'«mt«f alarm." \, . v But to constitute a 6hprch ift-._any; true sense of the word, Stii^jy" unity of faith is required in its met Hence, what Anglicans should labour to accomplish is, not to establish the Catholicity, but to defend the very existence of their Church as a Church. In conclusion, as Canon Potter desires an answer to his question, I beg to assure him that I am as much opposed to persecution as he can possibly be, and that l am quite willing to give him my opinion regarding persecution,. whether viewed in the abstract or in the concrete, in the past or in the present. There is no Irishman in whose veins runs the blood of persecuted ancestors. who must not feei with the queen. who-wajs once a hjgitive: Non ignara , mali, miseris •urrere disco. Canon Potter con- . s . his attention to ^be past, and ^uncferjalMs . to speak . for. all his , co teligiobists as to their present detestation of persecution, both in theory and " ractice. " U'-When he says, "We of the Church of England," he speaks truly and sincerely for himself, but he is too good a logician to extend the particular to the universal. Unfortunately, we may find that, though the theory has been abandoned, the practice, in many instances, still survives. I shall avail myself of a suitable opportunity for dealing with this subject in the not distant future. 