TOPICS OF THE DAY. Tho special Providsnco that «ts up aloft In Victoria and looks after Govoa- nors is Captain Wellington. The shouls end banks from which be kfeps thoir Excolloncins are too iiDinprous to detil. There it 110 gubernatorial enaro that ie not marked on tho chart of the privato «o:rp(ry. As a vico-regai pilot he hue no equal, and bo generally u this recognised thai succoiftlvo Australian rulers hare not hoxitated to commit their shins (gi,vorn»r«hip>) to hit care to b» stoerod through tha treucberous waters of roclnl diplomacy. Lord Carrlriuton 5 leapt out of tha social eurx by tho Captain, ana if Hir Robert Duff had but had him a' his helm during his term over th border he would not have committed tha tm- p>u »noo of esying thnt llvlbonrno wne tha finest eity in Australia. Lord Hopetoun uied to mention WolLng'en in his prnyots aud told Lord Brsassy that it would b« nhsurd to go lo Victoria v itliout him. Lord Brassov'sfaitbinhaBQcrotery wasovidoucd yeitoruiiy whvn bsmg pestoiou on board the Arauiao by raembori of Pnrliainenr to viint their districts, lie blandly remnrkod thai "Uepttin Wullington would doubt. IssB be able to attend to all that by-and- byo." No sooner had Lord and Lady BraNscy reached the dcok of tho Arsmac yostor dny than they beoorne the centra of at, undignifiod tcuOlo on tho Dart of meinbora of P.iriiamunt, who viud with onali other iu doing honor to their ghosts ttii'i tu thamsolves at tlio same :inu. "Sly Lord," said tho memborof n country c»n»titurncy, "1 sin the momb»r for Blow Fly Gully, We're holding our xntiunl Hunday schoal treat noxt month, and if as you ana Lsdy Brassoy will favor us with your company a right hearty welcome awaits you." "My Lord," broke In another, determined nut to be left in this contest for tho patronago of tbe new Governor, "on behalf of the people o' Pumpkin Flat. I l(nve tho honor to invito vuu end Lady Brassoy to theHnnnal mo-t ing of the Bung Bung Atblolio Associa tion. Tho greatest tp'at of tho year, I ftniuro yuu." No. 2 waa ruddy pushed aside by No. 3, who assured Lord BraHAt-y that Pumpkin Fla: wa» a place uf uo prominence, but that if his Lordship would accept the Invitation of tho Doad Hnrre Jockey Club fur its summer, meet- ing ho und Lady Brassoy would not regret it, Tho only invitation which was de finitely accepted was that of Mr Edward Murphy, who diplomatically iippronohed Lady Bronroy firs', and having secured hei lad.vthip'e promi.so to visit (hn Juvenile Exhibition st JlaHnnit. bad 110 trouble iu p-rutin r a dolihLo uoruratico from hie Excellency. Tho crowd that swutiikhI About thu nrch over Prluee's Bridge yesterday ; afternoon were Inclined to make merry at the cxpenue of tho Mayor, Aldermen and Councillors of the city. The civic dignitaries looked splendid as they rolled by in their carriages, and one old lady was uiuoh delighted at tho effect, She divided her attention be tween what she termed "tbe trium- phoroua arch" and "the gentlemen lu them hats." Presently the councillors descended from thu carriages und tho old lady led the applause. The city fathers wore quite overcome by the warmth of tho rneiqRi01- but: iuov<l about mora uneasily than aiicwwouian In the knickers. Some could not Iks brought to don the kuee shorts, and i three of U10 party wore long trousers. The others wore the observed of observers, und (he elderly lady above referred to, having exhausted hot- criticism of the arch, turned towards tho uldernmnle group. Shu lifted her hands, and rolling her eyes, exclaimed. "Oh, my; thero ulii't a decent leg nmong 'nm." Thn 'laughter that fob lowml nearly bno<-kcd tint mieoinforl- able looking dignitaries off their feet. Not tho least Interesting featuro of yesterday's display in connection with (Jig reception of Lord Brassey was the alignment of the troops in Spring ami Nicholson streets, from tho obi Treasury to tho Exhibition. Colonel Templeton was in command, with Captain Irving as Htnff officer, und the troops wero disposed as follow :— Tlio Garrison Artillery, under Lloyt.- Colonel Hall, from Collins street to I.Ittlu Collins street: Victorian Engi neers. under Major Joseph, from Little Collins street to Bourke street; Field Artlllury Brigade (two batteries), under Liout.-Coiouel Kelly, across Bourke street and along Spring street to Little Bourke struct: VIcti>rI»nltangors,uiider Lleutenom-Colunel Ottor. from Little Bourko stroot to Albert street; Artny Sorvlee Corps under Surgeou-Mujor Ttol>ortson, across Albert streot; Senior Cadets, under Captain YVhltohixid. from Albert street to Victoria pnntde: Field Artillery Brigade (one battery). ncD»ss Victoria parade; Second Bat talion of Infantry Brigade, under Colonel Bnrsfon, Victoria parade tn Princes strent: First Battalion of Infantry P.rlgndu, under Colonol Bo- bertson, I'rim-es street to the Exhi bition gale. The guard of lionor nt the Exhibition was fiirnJfihetl by the Permanent Artillery, and was under the command of Captnlu Stanley. After his Excellency passed Parliament ITouso the Garrison Artillery and Vic torian Engineers llnod Bourke street, from Spring street to Exhibition street. As tho luld Artillery waa aliout to block traffic at tho top of Bourke otrect yesterday, an amusing incident oc- currwl, which for n time diverted the crowd. Everybody expected tbe In- ovItal»le dog to make its uppourar.ee at tho critical momcut.but tho presunco i»f a frisky young cow was uut r«- koned upon. As the artillery men b- gun to move tn their places, a man came along Spring stroot loading a heifer. The hitter surveyed the crowd, and evidently came to tho conclusion that there would he somothlug worth aeolng tberenlmutij Boon. Kho accor dingly anchored 011 tho tramway track, ami resisted all the cfTorLs of hor guide to pull her off. The crowd laughed ond chaffed, and made funui sugges tions, .Tust as ji collision with a tram Roomed Imminent, thrco stalwart con- Ktubles gut on the «>ff side of Hn? jml- mal.tiud ptiKhwl her off tho track. This treatment It resented, and ac cordingly determined to avenge the insult., charging everything and every- Iwdy within reach, three jmllcemen being singled out as n Hpoelnl object of aversion. The last seen of tho Infuriated beast was tearing down Bourke Htroot with her owner In tow us If lu a hurry to get to the slaughter- yard and "hnvo it over." Thu town clerk (Mr John Clayton) accompnulcd thu mayor to the Arch on Prince's Bridge yesterday afternoon IIo wore bis wig and robe of office. Judging by the comments n town clerk is not well known hi regalia, for he was variously reform! to us "the Chief Justice," "the Attorney-General" and "Kir Hartley Williams, who was to 'administrate' tlio htmlb." The click of the Kodak was heard ou all hands yesterday. Cameras wore pointed ut his Excellency from all points of the compass. They were on yuchts, hulks, piers, public-houses, housetops, and fences. The photo graphic art is making tromeuduus strides, and Is running bicycling .very closely for honors. All sorts of people nro going In for it. Two Ohlueac, shouting "HI I Yah !" und smiling blandly, tried yesterday afternoon to scale n lamp-post on Prince's Bridgo aud fix a trljxxl and camera above thu lump. John Is apparently forsaking the 'vegetable garden" for the more flowery laud of art. "Stick to the Truth " writes dom ing pant tho Princo's Bridge railway station t hi morning I nb>orv«d a placard containing tho following announca- inant ; — " Grand Opnn-Air GymnaMie Diaplay by over two hundred Gymnast?, East Melbourno Cricket Ground, Satur- day, 2Gth, 3 p.m., in tho preaaneo of Lnl Brassoy and Lr.dy Bift,.«-,y." It wtis, a« I uodontaad, announced a feir days aii co that Lord Brassey bad in- tlms'ei ilwt h could not bo prossnt at tharprts. Surely tl o Y.M.C.A. should b» vxuemoly caroful to keep striotiy to tho truth. The report of tho directors of tho National Bank of Atmtmlasla Limited for the half-year ending 30th September laat will t>e fouud ebc?wherc The net profit r for tho term, nfter |wiy- Ing expense of management, inieresi. on d(»iK>sltn, note and income tuxes, cue., Is L13,7fi2 14s 10d, to which is added L3440 Is 3d. balance front pro vIouh half, making L17.202 Ids Id to credit. Out of this a dividend Jit five per cent, per annum on preferential shares will absorb L7G44 10s, leaving IJKK5S «»s Id, which the directors pro pose to carry forward. The bringing nluiut uf wonomloH Iijih had the niten- tlon of tho directors, as tho expenditure hIiowh a contraction conquired witli the twelve months prior to recou- Ntructlon of 1.3(1.000 u year. YVhen It Is mentioned that forty branches have l>oe4i dosed tho extent of the retrench ment will be understood. The calls on the shareholders are being met. I11 an admirable manner, L43,93i» fis fid having beeti received during thu half- year, the paid-up capital now standing nt LI .821 .721 Os Pd. The shareholders meeting will be held on WeduesdHy.Oth November, at noon. Messrs Sydserff and Wells, Joint honorary recn-tarles of the South Mol- iH.nrno Try Boys' Society, write to us preferring the claims of that meri torious and useful Institution. Tho committee have arranged for a tenancy of tlic old Freemasons' f full, at tlio cor ner of FcrrarH and Do)cus streets, and are now having the sumo renovated and altered to meet tJio requirements of the Central Board of Health. This expense 11 ml the additional cost of fur nishing with the many iiecosmry edu cational requisites and gymnastic ap pliances necessitate tltelr appealing 10 the public, who, ttae.v feel assured. will recognise the work tlioy have taken up, and glvo the ffnanclal aid 'required. Books, pajHirN, imrlodlcaLs, tables, forms, desks, games, etc., will also be gratefully received. Donations, etc., can 1)0 forwarded to Mr A. E. M'MIe- l:on, Mechanics' Institute, South Mel bourne; Mr E. A, Wells, 197 Clarendon street, and Mr C. B. Sydserff, 15 Napier street. We shall also bo happy to ack nowledge any receipts acnt to this office. Mark Twnlu, who returned to Mel bourne this morning, gave a mati nee At Home In the Athenrmim Hall tills afternoon Ho will hu entertained by the Journalists of Melbourne nt Ji smoke night lu the Outhedru! Hotel this evening, aud ou Tuesday. In tho I'rabran Town Hall (the City Hall being otherwise engaged), Mr Clemens will mako his loot nppunrauee In Vic toria. lie snlls by tho Mararoa for Now ZcaJuud the following duy. A CHopIiniontary banquet will bo given to Mr Michnel Dovitt, M.P., and Mr AUnd Wrbb, Into meiabor for Wost Watorford tn tho House ol Com mons on noxt Tuesday evening in tho Hibernian Hull. Tho occasion of tho hanqust hi a "send ofl " to Mr Davitt add a eordlal welcumo to Mr Wobb, who 's or. a plenBuro trip to tho colony. Mr Davittairivcs in 51elboiirno from Western Auntrahaon Tut-sday, and ho leaves fur Ireland, vir Now Zealand and America, by tho Mararoa on Wednesday. Al FHzroy this morning a veuag insn named Edward Baunott was chargod by Doteoiive Bruckner with vagrancy. Yes terday Tbiicknor, iu eomnany with Delectivo- Sorgcrtitt O'DonncH arrested Accused and Anotiter man named Jfhji Smith in Bourku strsvk, the bi?t tuiinod en a chargo of xhop brotiUiug. Both otficura told the Bench thnt Dvlinett wns a connoted criminal recently diacbarjod fr«nn gaol, and was always l)i thr company uf dlsioputublo characters and living an idlu life. Tho piLaurr lagged buid for " auoltmr chanco" and promined to Jtmro the oity at unco if dischurucd. Tim B>-uch wero in clined to deal leniently with him. and Hunt him to gaol for ono month only, on condition that lie kept his premiss nud cleared out whon rolonstd. Meafffl Campbell and Sods will sell, nt ICtrk's Bsxssr, uu Monday, at Ifio'uJooSc, tho Moothv, gat, do., for "tho V.R.C. Sprlug Meeting at FUmlegtou. Mc«r8 J. Lyons and Co., will sell, at the 'fall of Comwurro, u2u Qneon stroot, on VIomlny, at 11 ooloov, tlio tmreUot-mod p't-dgo of Mr S. Kozmbtsky, coruer of Bourko ad I Elizabeth strosts, Fiv«« pounds for hoing drunk, or, to bo mora cX'iot, for being found drunk bv 11 policeman 1 Tha waa Mm v»rdict of tbalr worships at Kouth Meibonrno tbi inuru- ing in regard to ono Ed ward Claytou. Edwnrd hud bocii convictod thirty time, 'hough ho w not, twonly-six years old. llts look of blank dieiuuy and disgust tliin morning as ho gnipi-d. "Five pounds for just drunk i" was north th study of Phil May. To-morrow owning in the Lyceum IJti'l, Victoria Parade, thu Itev. Gvo. Wnltora, I author of tho drama Jasopi) of CatthHti. itodulivera locturo on thu Chnrcli and tho Tliuntro. Thu revorond geritlcmun delivered a similar dLoourso in Sydney Homo timo ago und roccivod many con gratulatory Ieftotfl from membors of both nrofecBiun. It is uf interest to noto that 'ho alight friotmn which aioso recently hotwrou MrWai uro nud Mr (i«org«iliy- nold ha beoti etidod. Tho clever actor old tho rovoroud pla> wright tnoc ut the I'hoatro IL'vnl Ineb night and chook hands wry warmly, Mr Walteis being ('rank unough t'» adinii thnt tlio nluy hud bcou jwutly Improved. Mr Walters will aLo apeak nt n Pleasant Sunday Afternoon to. oiutrow at thn Auelrnlim' Church, Hiu nbjrct is the G -ntn-l of Social llsfuriii, «r Thoio's -a Good Time Coming. A choice riiuiictd pr<'gr,uuuto will liu ono of thu at I I uot ioim, and n collection 'will bti taken up for thu haftpstalu. Thwro is a decided defect In the tram- B"y at tlio cerr.ur of Elgiu and UiUhdmra stfcots, Cnrltou. PrihsongorB fwm North Carhon nro frequently uV>joctcd to tho itmioyunce of doluy through temporary Opj)ngcA nt this nmnt, through the <nrn coining to nu uuuxpcotfd sum.hitill. It is uiily the united efforts ot paacongprH, uripiusii and conduutoiH time will ufLur much labor got thu care ovrrtbo point. If tio'fl uncertainty of trovuding cuutiuuus, iralliu will hu forced tu iho cab. Tho higher winds to day'have inadu it rnthor uttoomforiiiklo at tho Seventh Day Adveutist camn-msi ttng now in progrets at Arrnndvlo. Several of tlta Kianilorton's hnvo blown down, nud tho larg« nudiunco teitL had to bo lowered In order to ftavo it. , Should tho wentht?rc"n:inu dincruuablo thn meetings nnnouuerd for to-morrow will bo hiiiu iu tho Arinadalo Hull, noar thu Ariuudttlo etation. Wo are glad to say that Dr O'FIarn, who has had a severe illness, is "till improving. 1L» is now making good progress towards recovery. The detective police ara anxious to. find an owner for a qunmity of bran hid! flour bags und a hotelier's kmfo, fouud iu the pDisoBsiou of a man named Henry Mur ray, now under, arrest. Communications to bo made tu Detective Bruckuer, Ruaisll streat. , j La«t ovoning an oldorly mntisd Mark Gowan, a gardontr, employed by Mr Matthews, Kidicitor, attemptod to enter a tromcsr in Smith street whilst partially Intoxioatod. The conductor, JamoR Ward, fleeing tho man's condition. |)unhod hitn away, whoroupou Geiran raited a luavj stick, and twice endeavored to strike the conductor on tlie huad with it. Tho blows wore " warded " off, howover, and Confttablo Jordan took the olfuudcr into custody. This tuorning, at the Fiizroy Court. Gownn'a empluyor appeared 'for him, and gave him an ex cellent character, but tho Bench con- sidered that the tram ofiioials should be protoclcd, and inflicted a fine ef IO3 each, with 04 ci.sto. At the Cicy Court this morning Charles E. Vbeoldon wns Rent te priRon for three mouth on a cbnrge ol attempting fo pick pockets yiki.rJay after -oon, Ditective Loinsx, who nricsted tlio culprit, ac-tned 'o have ratlirr a <ont«-inptuou« opiuion of his pr»«ft?raioni abilities. Bay cxcunffonlslH nro reminded thRt the p.s. Ozone will run a apodal cheap afternoon trip to-morrow (Sunday). She will p-ave the Port .Melbourne Hall way Pier at 3 p.m. and proceed to tichnappcr Point, calling at St. Kllda going and returning. As tho fare Is only two nhtilln&K; the return ticket a laro number of paascnKcrs will prob ably aval) themselves of this oppor tunity of a trip do-.vn tho Day. Dr Torrance wilt begin tho course of Hermon.H on popular virtues, announced to be preached In St. John's Church, Let robe street, to- morrow evening on the subject of "Liberality," ohosen specially with a view to Hospital Sun day. Choral service btfjlnn at 7 o'clock, und in order that intending visitors may be accommodated with scats, Beat- holders are requested to be In their places not later than five minutes to The attention of tho Masonic frater nity io called to the advertisement of the Central Lodge of Instruction In an other column, calling' a meeting of mem bers and visitors to-morrow morning at Oddfellows' Hall, Victoria street. The address to be presented by the Imperial Federation League In Victoria to Lord Brassey oh Monday next Is now on view at Messrs Fergusson and Mit chell's, r.G Elizabeth street. Messrs Kcogh and Allard will sell, nt their rooms. Queen street on Monday, at 12 o'clock, a cottage and land at Footncrny. Wool mi,; will bo held by Messrs Dslgety nail Couipiuy Limited end .Mesne Golds- brnugh, Mo-i and Company Litnitod, at tb Woiil Exohaogeon Monday, 28tb lash, at 3 p.tu. Th- Aldnrmrn for Bourke, Lntrob -, Gippo, Smith, Vicl«-ria, Albvrl, unci L inirfnle Ward Hive notice uf lliMr hitentioii to procHi to >hs h ci inn of a c-juncillor for the rfprctive »r.U insntiftned to fill vacancies caused by "fliiiXioD oftimc. ?JeArs Biylee and Co, will bold a rain of Household furnituro and effect at Alton Home, Gti Avona atree'-, Boath Yarrn, on Tussdny next, 20fh inst., cornpfhiug & Alio lot of English bud noutiueutal tiiriiimrc, also valuable brouzos, cablucts, picture, pUto nod ornaments, a mawlvo dlniogroou eulto and beautllut drawiogroom futte. 