LADY TURPIN. Br HENRY HERMAN (Author of "His Angel," "Eagle Joe,'* " Scarlet Fortune," See., Ac., and part Author of " The Silver King.") Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock 4* Bowden, Ltd. [ALL EIGHTS EE8KBVED.J CHAPTER 1. THE YOUNG MAN FBOM RICHMOND. On one dark summer night a young man climbed from the inside to the top of a wall surrounding the grounds of a mansion on the outskirts of Richmond, and having peered down to measure his distance, jumped to the ground with a lightness and assurance which bespoke the trained athlete. • He barely stumbled as he reached the bottom, and, quickly recovering, paused for a few heart-beats' space and listened. " No alarm. They know nothing as yet," h3 muttered to fcimseft, and immediately 8 rode away through the high grass of the field where he had alighted towards the open road leading to Kew. - He walked with no haste or excitement, yet speedily, and with firm and elastic step. As he jumped over the fence, he listened again for a second or two and looked back. "No movements in the grounds," he said to himself, "and no noise. I am all' right," and walked on. The night was not only dark, but drizzly. A fine rain pervaded the air like a coarse fog. The young man tapped his pockets, which bulged with the things they contained. " A good haul this time," he said to himself. "The best I have had lately; and they'll be clever if they get on my tracks. This is the right sort of night for it. It'll rain cats and dogs. Before a few hours are over, all trace of footsteps will be washed OUt. - i His self-communion was prophetic, for, as he strode along, the moisture which filled the air became heavier and soon changed to a pitiless, steady downpour. The night was black as pitch, and the figure moving through the rain was nearly invisible, except where it passed immediately underneath the yellowish light of the gas lamps. The young man was above medium height, and slightly built. Though his tread was heavy, there was an elasticity and grace about his movements such as one might expect from a first-class fencer or a habitual gymnast. Very little of his face was visible, for he had pulled up his -coat-collar and turned down the brim of his bat. A short, crisp beard nearly entirely hid the rest. The two-mile walk to Kew Gardens was briskly got over. Then the young man crossed the bridge and strode along towards Chiswick. Having followed the high road for perhaps a quarter of a mile, he turned sharply to his left. It ' was past midnight, and with the exception of a couple of market-wagons and their drivers he had not met a soul along the road. Not even the customary policeman, bull's-eye in hand, had passed him. It was patent that everybody .who. could, except'himself, : had sought shelter somewhere from the drenching' rain. The lane which the young man had taken was one of the few, remaining in the outskirts of London which the buildingfiend Lad not yet invaded. Market^ gardens and fields and orchards lay on either side, and it waB but here and there that an old-fashioned thatched roof intensified the darkness between the trees. The mud in the lane was deep and the roadway broken up by treacherous holes, • into which the young man sometimes sank over his boot-tops in water; but he stopped not for a moment, nor seemed to care either for the difficulties of the road or for the pelting rain, which soaked through his clothing to the skin. After a walk of five or six minutes, he came to a dead wall which surrounded a residence standing by the roadside. No light was visible, for the overhanging trees shut out every gleam, even had not the dense darkness obstructed the view. The young man stopped at a little door in the wall, and,'shading his eyes with his hand, endeavored to peer along the lane, listening at the same time with his heart in his ears. The swish of the rain and the sough of the leaves were the only sounds that met his ear. His keen sight could trace no figure, human or animal, along the dark level of the road. " Nobody!" he said to himself. "Once again all is safe." He'fumbled in his pocket for his latchkey, and, finding it, opened the door in the wall. The moment the door swung upon its hinges various little bells pealed tiny alarms within the house, which stood some twenty paces away from the wall, and kept ringing until somebody indoors stopped them. The lyoung man bolted the door and connected the bolt with a little wire attachment. That done, he walked across the gravel path to the house. The door was already held open for him by an elderly lady, who greeted him warmly. "What a night, my dear!" she said. " Come in and get those things off. Youll catch your death of cold." I am all right, auntie," replied the young man, in a voice which sounded strangely out of harmony with his rough workman's attire, " and whatf* more, I've been very lucky. Here," he added, emptying his pockets and piking jewel cases and other little boxes on t! be elderiy lady's arms, "you can go to work on these while I get myself aH right." With that he kicked off the heavy Blueher boots winch he wore, revealing the fact that Ms feet wore enlarged to double their saes by woollen bandages, and could be fitted with a dainty pur of slippers which stood in a corner. A female head appeared en the top of ths staircase at that moment, calling— " Everything is ready, miss," and the oung man, tearing off his wet clothing as J e went along, bounded upstairs, while the elderly lady entered a sitting-room on the lower floor and spread her little load on the table there. She withdrew the contents from the cases and threw the latter into a wastepaper-basket standing by the fireplace. A touch of the bell brought a middleaged serving-man into the room. Although he was dressed in livery trousers and yellow and black striped waistcoat, he was shirt-sleeved and wore a comforter round his neck and slippers on his feet. He was a man of middle height, and slim about the waist, but^broad across the shoulders. His clean-shaven face wore the mark of that cunning which ig the cockney street boy's own, and which supposedly can only be attained by passing one's early years in or near the London gutters.#He limped, mdat moments an expmaion of savage | pain shot into his eyes aud distorted his features. The elderly lady, without turning round, pointed to the wastepaper-basket, saying quietly— " See to these." The man shook the boxes in the wastepaper-basket doubtfully. " There ain't no fire," he said. The old lady had fetched a pair of pliers from a drawer in a secretaire, and was engaged in breaking up a he mtiful diamond brooch, dropping the jewels which she took from the settings carefully on to a saucer, and the pieces of gold on to a plate. " Tou're right, Mike," she replied; " and perhaps, after all.it mightn't be wise to have a fire at this time of the night in mid-summer. Strip the boxes, tear all the atuffings out, and smash the things up as small as you can, so that they can be sent to Old Nick at any moment." The servant still budged not. "Has miss had a good, night?" he asked. " Yes," replied the old lady; " nothing to grumble at. There are some stones here that will fetch money." So she ought to get something," the servant rejoined with enthusiasm. "There ain't nobody like her in the wide, wide world, God bless her." He was stopped short in his eulogy by a " Never wind that, now; Get on with your work," from the "elderly lady, who pro" ceefded to take the jewels from ear-rings, rings, and other oruauients as if it were the mo^t comtnbnplace occupation in the wojrld.' * ; It; would- "havo puzzled most men to tec&gpise; in the saucily-pretty, curlyhaire^, dark-eyed an<l smiling young lady who' game, with pattering feet, downstairs atvl lnto the room the roughly-dressed and rqaQ«ijoaked workman, who had plodded his wiaary road from "Richmond to Gunnersbirjv She was' arr.iyod in a warm, comfort>able,gaud dainty silmony-pink flannel drflssingwAWn, edge'i with lace, and orna- mented with si'k ribbons of the color of the material.- • " Well, auntie," she cried as she entered the room, "I wasn't able to look. Have you^found anything very nice?" " Yes," replied the el'lerly lady. "This pair of stones will fetch four hundred—five hundred, perhaps. It ought to bring a thousand, if we only- could get anything near one-fourth its value. Bat that Simeone is such a rogue, and there's no bargaining with him, xrorse luck." Tljte young lady took the two stones up languidly, and, comfortably seating herself down in an arm- chiir, with her slippered feet stretched towards the fender, looked at them smilingly. "I'm glad I got these," she said. "They aren't Lady Blanche's ; they're her sister's, that cat Angelina's. I would not have missed theso for worlds. She'll be more spitefia thin ever now, but she'll have something to be spiteful for." A little pile of" precious stones was rapidly growing in the saucer. Amid a large number of diamonds, big and small, shone rubies, emeralds, opals, and sapphires, whilst a whole string of pearls was lying on the table close by. "There's one good thing," said the elderly lady, quietly cutting to pieces a lovely bracelet fashioned for some beauty of the court of Louis XIV, " there aren't many colored stones among this lot. If s nearly all white, and good white it is—old Brazilian, most of it. I should say Sir Geoffrey brought some of these back from Rio de Janeiro when he was ambassador out there, and before he was made Lord Benchief. They'll jump at it at Livorno and at Constantinople. Not too big or clumsy, either; just the right kind." A dapper female servant had brought a cup of tea and a decanter of spirits on .a tray. The young lady walked to a little bureau, and fetched a box of cigarettes, one of which she lighted nonchalantly, and then,' pouring out her tea, asked, with a voice which betrayed but very little interest— " What do you think ifll make,auntie ?" The old lady poured the stones out on , the table-cloth, ran her eye over them,and then replaced them in the saucer. " A couple of thousand, I take it," she said; ", perhaps a little more." " A couple of thousand I" repeated the young lady. "That's all right; better than I expected. Do you know, auntie," she continued, blowing clouds of blue smoke into the air, "I think it's about tune T stopped this game. One more decent haul, and we shaH have enough to live on, and thet good-bye to the Lady Turpin business.®When I get the Theveney lot, I Bhall close the book. I'm sorry for poor Winnie; I would rather they were somebody else's.. But the whole thing is so nicely planned, and so absolutely safe, that I really haven't the heart to pass it over. It would be a shame. By the way, was there no letter far me by the last mail ?" " There's one on. the mantelpiece," replied the old lady. "I think ifs from Winnie Tbevcnaphcrndf." There was a Mbsr on the mantelpiece— a dainty pink missive, addressed in a lady's hand to " Miss Endalie Verpoint, The Well House, Gunnerabury, " . - Endalie looked at thtfepiifcle.iftd 4 cloud spread over her face for a mere Second, and then passed away again. She held the letter between her finger and thumb for a moment. " I could have wished it were somebody else," she breathed, and tore the envelop open. The note was dated from " The Rook's Nest, near Windsor," and said— " My dearest Endalib,— , " I suppose vou are fully aware that tomorrow is Wednesday? Papa and I are going to drive down to the station to meet the 12.40. We can come- back together. We shall be able to have a lovely chat on the road, and I have so much to tell you. The whole place looks like a milliner's shop. If it weren't that the men do smoke so, I should have piled all the things into the billiard-room. Give ); my love to your auntie, and accept a kiss, only Ojl account, mind you, from Your affectionate friend, ' Winnie Theveney. P.S."—Christopher has -fpten me a lovely diamond spray. It takes to pieces, and makes brooch, ornament for the hair, centre-piece for a bracelet, eaprpiijgg %nd studs, and a lot of things.' You will like it when you see it." Endalie put down the letter with a slight shudder. " If she puts it with the other things," ghe said, " I've no doubt I will like it. 15ut that ass, Christopher Churn, knows nothing about diamonds. They're sure to let him in in Bond Street, and sell him some common Cape rubbish." CHAPTER II. THE WELL HOUSE, GUNNEESBCRY. The Well House, Gunnersbury, "fas the oldest building for many miles round.^The well from which it tofik ifs name in ?»'ges gone by had furnished a water supposed to be endowed with great healing properties. In the •early part of the last century, it was a resort of th^ semi-fashionable kind, and delicate dames used to drive out from theij mansions in MayfaSr, with the rise of the morning sun, to drink the Guzmersbuxy waters. ABut the water, it would appear, lost its healing properties and its reputation, and the glories of the Well House departed, never to return, ^ter that, the Well House passed through over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes. _ It was at one time the*residence of a fair lady of the period, who there held her mimie court every Sunday, and in the reign of the last of the Georges it was the property of the fair lady's son, who gambled it away, together with the rest of his belongings. litigation ensued, and the Well House, with all that to it pertained, was thrown into that abyss of destruction. Chancery. There it remained until a few yearns previous to the commencement of our history, acquiring daily a more firmly established reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. The walls were mere tottering stands of masonry, overrun by ivy and other creepers, the woodwork rotten. The ironwork crumbled beneath the touch, and the garden waa, in summer time, one lovely wilderness of untrammelled glory. A day arrived when the Court of Chancery, tired of its work of destruction, determined to sell the place, and Mrs Hill, Endalie's aunt, bought it for the proverbial song. Bricklayers, masons, carpenters and so forth, were set to work, and the result was a pretty, comfortable modern villa, provided with everything that could • make life enjoyable. Mrs Hill had long been on the look-out for such a place—quiet, secluded, situated on a road used by few people, and absolutely unoverlooked. The address was a good one, and the house had been so constructed that surprise was impossible.. In case of danger, there was a little window on the highest point of the roof, from which the approaches on all sides could be seen for a mile round, and although attack was difficult, the means of escape were well provided for. At the same time, the Well House presented every appearance of the highest respectability. The staff consisted of Mike Roan, the serving-man whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who had been many years in Mrs Hill's service, and of her daughter, who was equally devoted to the family. The next morning was as balmy as the previous night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well House, some of the inmates had been astir from about five o'clock, and by seven it would have puzzled the shrewdest detective to find in the place a proof of the burglary which had been committed by Endalie Verpoint. The jewel' boxes had been burned, the gold melted into one lump, and the jewels tied into little packets, which were secreted upon the person of Mrs Hill. Mrs Hill herself was driven shortly after nine to Gunnersbury Railway Station, where she took a train citywards. Mike then returned to the Well House, and depositing in his dogcart a lady's portmanteau and valise,, sent word to inform Miss Endalie that the trap was ready. The young lady herself stepped into the garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been undisturbed by aught but the brightest and most innocent of dreams. Dress, face and figure were equally charming, and her beauty seemed to be rather of the frail and fragile order than of the kind which is improved by muscular exercise. Had anybody placed by the side of those tiny patent leather shoes the heavy Bluchers she had kicked off in the hall, and even suggested that she might have worn them, he would have been thought mad. Epdalie jumped lightly into the vehicle, and taking the reins from Mike's hands, drove away in the direction of Richmond. She had passed every step of that road on ; the previous night, and it moved her pulse ' not the space of a breath to return by the way along which she had toiled in the rain with her booty in her pockets, and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who might stop her. The morning paper had contained no announcement of the burglary, but that was hardly possible, as the news could not have reached Fleet Street in time. As she passed the gateway of Benchief Lodge, however, she noticed a policeman standing there, engaged in conversation with what to Endalie's practised eye appeared to be a detective. " They've found out by this time that they've lost something," she said to herself, "and are trying to look for it." At that moment, a carriage and pair came dashing down the walk towards the road. Two ladies were seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalie shot a sneerful glance towards them and drove on. " Ifs no use, my darling Angelina," EndaMe said to herself, "grieving over those ear-rings. You'll never see them again. Thoy^ll decorate some Eastern beauty, who'll never knowthat you're breaking that dear little heart of yours over It is probable that had Lady -Angelina Ayot been aware of Miss Endalie Verpoinfs self-communion, she would have been inclined to feel even more spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took the train to Windsor, the faithful Mike returning with the heavy dogcart to Gunnersbury. A handsome, hale and hearty old gentleman, .whose white moustache and shorttrimmed white whiskers labelled him as an old soldier, was waiting on Windsor platform, in the company of a pretty young lady, whom thq flush of expectation had made doubly charming, when the train from town steamed in. The old gentleman's eyes ran up and down the line of. carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his search in the person of Endalie Verpoint, he pushed his way through the crowd towards her with a vigor and energy which prophesied another thirty years at least of healthy life. The young lady followed quite as determinedly but with Iras force of onslaught upon the throng. Then there % jscene of handshaking and ^ig^ing such as "is supposed only tlft happen when young ^ladies meet who are really fond of one another, and who have not seen each other £or some days, at least. Endalie's belongings, together with Endalie and Miss Winnie fhey-eney, were speedily deposited iu the landau which was •^JVitiflg outside the station, whilst Sir •Peter swung himself on to a big chestnut, and was ready to play the part of attendant equerry. Then the cavalcade set qu% for the Rook's Nefit, about a mile a^-ay. That Endalie Verp.qi^ and Winnie Theveney wer$ ^.o as pretty young ladies might nave been found in the Royal Borough that day could not have been dPz nied by any man who had eyes, no? by woman, critically dispose^ though she might have been, ^ndaiie, d'ark, with a beauty, .hut- fo? her fair skin.Cof the Southern type, with flashing dark eyes and curly dark brown hair, setting off J h jnost translucent of complex^g. ^ Winnie, v fair, dreamy, blue-eyed, of the tenderest and sweetest Anglo-Saxon type. There was always that in Endalie'6 eyes which might have made a man afraid of the character that lay behind that handsome face, but that Winnie was as good as she was pretty might have been read in every feature, in every line. And it waa bid; natural, when one of these two charming young ladies was engaged to be married to a desirable young gentleman, in the person of Mr Christopher Churn, before the end of the month, that the talk of the moment should wander towards inHIinery and ladies' finery, towards dresses and bonnets and the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie was in her brightest and sprightliesf of moods. Things had gone very well on the previous night, And she w:»s then journeying towards a fresh hunting-ground. All plans had been most studiously prepared. All the traps were well baited. A tried and trusted confederate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of the Rook's Nest, had measured every inch of the ground, examined every lock and settled every path of escape. Every emergency had been provided for, and absolutely nothing seemed to be left to chance. Failure itself could not bring detection in its track. And that was to be her last coup—that one danger over, she had promised hecself repose and the life of an honest woman. Whether the latter would prove as interesting as her present one of excitement and crime she knew not, but for the moment she longed for it. The thoughts came and went, black, grey, and white, bat the smile never left that handsome face. How it affected her friend who 6at by her side, in all her love and confidence, interested her not. The Rook's Nest was a pretty place, standing in about ten acres of park- like grounds. It had originally been built by Sir Peter'8 grandfather, a director of the East India Company in its most glorious days. It was a roomy, comfortable house, built modestly, and with little view to outward show, though it boasted of some artistic pretensions in the Gothic windows of the billiard-room and the library, the iron scroll-work which protected the doors and windows, aud the stone carvings, and especially in the marble glories of its colonnaded hall. Age had toned down the flaring red of the bricks of which it was mainly built, and a veil of creeping plants helped in the task. It stood in close proximity to the open road, from which it was sheltered by a couple of score or so of huge and venerable elms and poplars. The gardens and grounds stretched away at the baok of the building as far as the eye could The brightest of laughter echoed across the sward as the landiu drove up the gravel-path towards the verandah of the dining-room. ''Happiness and good cheer and the comforts of an English home. And the dove, at that moment, was bringing the hawk into her nest as an honored guest. (To be Continued. 