OCtAP"rt XV JIL.-TE I? ?iYST-IRY of SIlXI r. The deatAh of Ursula lefa.n ghl.omy i?,pres. alson upon Desirgeac'tidol'?odr inmates of the hudlge Th'e l' restrioce of death is universally sombre, andti its. prestige does not always depart with the inort remains. Certain facts attended the disease of Ursula : liet sickness lasted sixtoeu days. Four days she was able to walk about the house ; ive she was confined to he' room; seven to her bed. Thottierficnrl.hist6ry of the case, thliugh it can i-'very )briefly.stated, was inexplicably bamft#l The oircumtianoees?wre as'follows : A violent disturhance had taken place in'the system after eating a light breakfast, The pllse was a.ccalrated,,In infllammation of the thruat appeared, thoe stimatoh took on a spas. mnodic action, and rejected its contents, the skin hecame hot and dry, while the nervous system was painfully excited. Her sufferings were intense.. Madame Vancourt attributed these symptoms to the effect of a sudden cold, and administered a medlicament which teinporarily relieved her'; but after languish ing for the period above named, she died a little after midnight of the sixteenth day. Three eminent medical gentlemen were. in attendance upon her during the latter part of her. sickness, but the opinion of each differed in regard to the cause of the malady ,and: the'remedlies to be 'employed. -Their prescriptions were utterly worthless; and indeed it may be doubted if they really did not. increase the difficulty, and add to the pnitient's sufferings-a circuinstance that, I believe, not unfrequently occurs in the ex periences of medical men. Desiree Montreuil sab in her chamber one night, thinking such thoughts as these con cerningUrsula. It was not a pleasant sutjoect, but she could not banish it; it would come up in one shape or another.' Dorothy, who had an eye for every event, took the liberty to' break in upon her solitude,'and quickly guessed the nature of .the young lady's reflections. 'I've allers, mum, since I arrove at the years of digression, been 'in favor of free suppression of opinion; and I will say, 'thout fear or favor, that in- the whole course of my life I never prognosticated sich a corpse as Suly's. Why, bless you, there wa'nt nothin' but skin and bones. The muskles was emikated and shrunk till they wa'nt thicker than paper, and thie whole system was conduced to skilington. 'Twas most mysterious, mum, and, not-'standin' the inordinate station I occupy, I must say that I wish more importunks hihd been detached to saddle-bags. Doctors that don't bring saddle- bags 'pears to me to be jest no doctors at all. It's so refreshin' to see saddle-bags hangin' over the back of a chair, mum, or settin' aside the bed. Well, we must all die, and when the time comnes-and the Lord a-massy only knows,: when that'll be-we must go pepared or unpoperied, willin' or unwillin', saint or sinner, world's people or totherwise, which I s'pose is a wise dispuisi tion of Providence, for, if we had our owli way about it, we should live to be as old as Nobuchadezzar, and then nob be ready. It's weakness in me, but I really am afeared to walkl about the place after dark, least I should see that thin face naid retn uated form moving noiselessly along the halls, like the ghost of Banquet's father. I never could beart the sight of a. reg'lar apprehension, Desiree took up a book, and hinted to Dorothy that her conversation was far from cheerful. HIints,.howvoer, would not sufice for Dorothy ; the young larly was obliged to tell her that, under the circutnstances, her room would be preferable to her bodily presence. Happily relievel. of the spinster, Desiree attempted to read an old roinance, n'md applied herself to the task so persistently that she actually read some twenty pages without comprehending a dozen lines of the whole. Her thoughts naturally returned to UTrsula, then to Louis 13londoau, and finally, I might add, to RMonsiaur Lavigna ; although his: remembrance was always more or loss present to )her consciousnass.ý She entered once more that charmed palace, and its eternal arches were full of silent joy. She leanad agaihst the golden columns; she sat rdown by the purling fountains; she gazed upon the pictures ; she wandered down the long aisle lighted with love.lanps, while softest musioroathed from unseen choristers, and overy object brought the purest emotions of pleasure. There was a dissonant sound ; it wtas like the opening and closing of a door. Desiree glanced at her watch ; it was midnight. If a door had been opened it was Madnmo Vancourt's, which was noearest; her 'oar assured her of that. Now if tnadam was opening her door.. at such anrt'hour it' was something out of the usual course, and shei was curious to know Iher purpose. Probably her curiosity would pover have had birth, if she :had nob recalled the circumstatnce of having seen her up before at an unreason= able'hour. Desiree looked out, then locked "the door as noiselessly as possible., She saw Eugenia in her night rliobe, with a -'lamp in one hand, and a bunch of keys in the other. Eugenia was sleep-walking. SDesiree fdllowed her through the"bhall 'to her father's library door.: "The somnambulist selected a key and turned the bolt without difficulty. She glided in, Desi;eo?after her, so near that she almost touched: her gar ments. Madame, thougli sleeping, had lost no part of her cunning; she prudently closed the door and turned the key. On the opposite side of the room were cases containing books ; pictures hung upon the remaniing walls.. A table and casy-chair stood in a corner. Eugenia iipproached the table and placed her lamp upon it., then wheeling the chair to the wall,.took down a picture-a 'very large one that reached nearly to the floor-which she put aside carefully. Still standing in her chair she commenced pissing her right hand mysteri ously over the wall, touching every portion within a certain area very rapidly. The object of her search wats soon found, which proved to be a hidden spring, giving the finder control over a nicely adjusted panel or door. Desiree looked on with surprise. An emotion of pain passed over her features, and she was agitated, but rallying presently she watched Madame Vancourt breathlessly. There was something singularly weird and sagacious about her movements. She made no mistake; her dextrousness approximated to the unerring manipulations of an adept in occult arts. All that she had done or was to do, was perfectly defined and and marked out on the tablets of her mind. She was acting, though unconsciously, in agreement with ia long cherished and completely studied plan, every detail of, which was familiar, and had been passed over many times. The panel being. opeiied, a massive iron safe was visible. Desiree heard the intricate bolts fly back as Eugenia nmae revolution after revolution of the key. How did she know how many times to turn the key? That she dild know was manifest, for the door opened. Madame unlocked another door, disclosing a small copper box, which was also locked. Indeed locks and keys seemed to be the order of the night. Desiren's attention grow more earnest; she i'egarded the copper box with an interest that it would not be easy, to describe. Did, she know. what it contain . ed Madame took out the box anid placed it' upon the table, an1 the smallest key of the bunch; opened it. : esirc'o +now observed that her expression every moment becamo more eager. That she was approaching the grand denouement, was apparent upon that serene visage of hers, even. As she stood' there in her snowy night. robe, she was n very Pythlones, wrapt and inspired with an allsorbing vision. Those all-conquering, magical lingers went down il the box ; they brought up something with a great many angles that shone and flashed like a star. Desiroe started and smiled- faintly, while lEugenia's countonance glowed imlore and more. The joy of her trance showed itself with nmore palpability upon the quiet muscles and the mute mouth, Desirco wondered what that spiritual unaturo of hers could be dreaming about. How the soul could look out thriough thlos passive and glassy win dIows, and ri.joicu and oxult in the glitter of a getn I It sthowed where inmadam's treasure and heart were. Desireon's faco underwent rapid clhangs ; first it was pale, then beautifully flushed, thon of mingled white atnd red. IHer limbs shook, too, and she did not hold the lamp quite stearly I but whatever were the nature of her emotions, she did not for an instant avert her gaze from Eugenia, whose whole internal consciousness was concentrated upon the miniaturo sun which she held up in a sort of ecstasy hotween her thumb and'tinger. A startling truth was evident. She pr(esed bluteeni that I:apnr finger ndil dainty thumb a diamnond worth half a million. It was pure, ,radiant White; arid its huudird facets flashed like the eyes of a serpent. The lamp palei before it ; it threw, an unearthly light upon Eugenia's face. In her pride, beauty, and Sriuinph, she looked like the bride of Lucifer, having power and dominion over the haughty and arrogant. ' Desiree feared that the swelling tide of exultation would awaken her, but it did not; she inwardly adored the treasure without alarming the grosser part of her into normalism. She could not gaze enough, or: sufficiently admire the blazing jewel, the fiery brilliancy of which burnad its way through the quiescent brain to the citadel of her soul. She replaced it in the box, bent over it, bowed to its power, saw houses and lands, horses and coaches, dinners and wines, balls and routs, suitors and lovers, fashion and .intrigue in the lgloiious gem, then closed the lid with a sigh breathed by Psyche herself. How mucli there was in that sound-what a world .of regret and longing it told. The conquering hand locked the box, the two doors, closed the panel slowly, reluct antly, mournfully, yet without visible' excitement or the slightest error or awk wardness. Awkwardness ? It was utterly impossible for madam to be awkward ; she was born graceful-graceful, but-Desirea was born better; she had grace and some thing more. The picture went ba.ck to its place, Desiree could not tell how, but it went back madam charmed it back for aught she knew. The chair was adjusted to the writing-table, and everything had its accustomed place and look. Then Desiree trembled again, for Eugenia's mind being withdrawn from the absorbing object of her pursuit, she feared she might return .too soon to the outward world. Desiree prayed that H-eaven might avert a discovery. She wished to get back to her chamber before the spell should be dissolved. She retreated from the door and Eugernia approached it. Desirco was chilled by th,,se? stony eyes, which-looked without seeing, receiving no conscious impressions upon their slumbrous surfaces. She turned the key, opened the dooir, crossed the thres hold, stepped back to take at final survey of the room, and while she stood the'r like a wlhite and pasdionless enchitintress, Desiree glided sii?ntly under her arm, and hastened with light footsteps to her chaunber. (7o be continued.) 