Serial Story. o "TESS." PHASE THE THIRD. CHAPTER XVIII.—(Continued.) (BY SPECIAL PERMISSION.) Much to hi? surprise hti took, indeed, a real delight in their companionship. The conventional farm-folk of his imagination— personified by the pitiable dummy known as Hodge—wer2 obliterated after a few days' residence. At close quarters no Hodge was to be seen. \- At first, it is true, when Clare's intelligence was fresh from a contrasting society, these friends with whom he now hobnobbed seemed a little strange. Sitting down as a level member of the dairyman's household seemed at the outset an undignified proceeding. The ideas, the modes, the surroundings, appeared retrogressive and unmeaning. But with living on there, day afier day, the acute sojourner became conscious ot a new aspect in the spectacle. Without any objective change whatever, variety had taken the place of monotonousness. His host and his host's household, his men and his maids, as they became intimately known to Clare, began to differentiate themselves as in a chemical process. The thought of Pascal's was brought home to him : ' A mesure qu'on a plus d'esprit, on trouve qui'l y a plus d'hommes originaux. Les gens du commun ne trouvent pas de différence entre les hommes.' The typical and unvarying Hodge ceased to exist. He had been disintegrated into a number of varied fellowcreatures—-beings of many minds, beings infinite in difference ; some happy, many serene, a few depressed, one here and there bright even to genius, some stupid, others wanton, others austere ; some mutely Miltonic, some potentially Cromwellian ; into men who had private views of each other, as he had of his friends ; who could applaud or condemn each other, amuse or saclden themselves by the contemplation of each other's foibles or vices ; men every one of whom walked in his own individual way the road to dusty death. Unexpectedly he began to like the outdoor life for its own sake, and for what it brought, apart from its bearing on his own proposed career. Considering his position he became wonderfully free from the chronic melancholy which is taking hold of the civilised races with the decline of belief in a beneficent Power. For the first time of late years he could read as his musings inclined him, without an eye to cramming for a profession, since the few farming handbooks which he deemed it desirable to master occupied him but little time. He grew away from old associations, and saw something new in life and humanity. Secondarily, he made close acquaintance with phenomena which he had before known but darkly—the seasons in their moods, morning and evening, night and noon, winds in their different tempers, trees, waters and mists, shades and silences, and the voices of inanimate things. The early mornings were still sufficiently cool to render a fire acceptable in the large room wherein they breakfasted ; and, by Mrs. Crick's orders, who held that he was too genteel to mess at their table, il was Angel Clare's custom to sit in the yawning chimneycorner during the meal, his cup- and-saucer and plate being placed on a hinged bracket at his elbow. The light from the long, wide, mullioned window opposite shone in upon his nook, and, assisted by a secondary light of cold blue quality which shone down the chimney, enabled him to read there easily whenever disposed to do so. Between Clare and the window was the table at which his companions sat, their munching profiles rising sharp against the panes ; while tj the rear was the milk-house door, through which were visible the rectangular leads in rows, full to the brim with the morning's milk. At the farther end the great churn could be seen revolving, and its slip-slopping heard—the moving power being discernible through th window in the form of a spiritless horse walking in a circle and driven by a boy. For several days after Tess's arrival Clare, sitting abstractedly reading from some book, periodical, or piece of music just come by post, hardly noticed that she was present at table. She talked so little, and the other maids talked so much, that the babble did not strike him as possessing a new note, and lie was ever in the habit of neglecting the particulars of an outward scene for the general impression. One day, however, when he had been conning his music-scores, and by force of imagination was hearing the tune in his head, he lapsed into listlessness, and the music-sheet rolled to the hearth. He looked at the fire of logs, with its one flame pirouetting on the top in a dying dance after the breakfast-cooking and boiling, and it seemed to jig to his inward tune ; also at the two chimney crooks dangling down from the crossbar, plumed with soot which quivered to the same melody ; also at the half-empty kettle whining an accompaniment. The conversation at the table mixed in with his phantasmal orchestra till he thought : ' What a fluty voice one of those milkmaids has ! I suppose it is the new one.' Clare looked round upon her, seated with the others. She was not looking towards him. Indeed, owing to his long silence, his presence in the room was almost forgotten. * I don't know about ghosts,' she was saying ; • but I do know that our souls can be alive.' The dairyman turned to her with his mouth full, his eyes charged with serious inquiry, and his great knife and fork (breakfasts were breakfasts here) planted erect on the table, like the beginning of a gallows, ' What—really now ? And is it so, maidy ? ' he said. 4 A very easy way to feel 'em go,' continued Tess, 1 is to lie on the grass at night and look straight up at some big bright star ; and, by fixing your mind upon it, you will soon find that you are hundreds and hundreds o' miles away from your body, which you don't seem to want at all.' The dairyman remove! his hard gaze from Tess, and fixed it on his wife. ' Now that's a rum thing, Christianner— hey ? To think o' the miles I've vamped o' starlight nights these last thirty years, courting, or trading, or for doctor or for nurse, and yet never had the least notion o' that till now, or feeled my soul rise so much as an inch above my shirt-collar.' The general attention being drawn to her, including that of the dairyman's pupil, Tess flushed, and remarking evasively that it was only a fancy, resumed her breakfast. Clare continued to observe her. She soon finished her eating, and having a consciousness that Clare was regarding her, began to trace imaginery patterns on the tablecloth with her forefinger with the constraint of a domestic animal that perceives itself to be watched. 4 What a fresh and virginal daughter of Nature that milkmaid is ! ' he said to himself. And then he seemed to discern in her something that was familiar, something which carried him back into a joyous and unforseeingpast, before the necessity of taking thought had made the heavens gray. He concludcd that he had beheld her before ; where he could not tell. A casual encounter during some country ramble it certainly had been, and he was not greatly curious about it. But the circumstance was sufficient to lead bim to select Tess in preference to the other pretty milkmaids when he wi&hed; to contemplate contiguous womankind. CHAPTER XIX. In general the cows were milked as they presented themselves, without fancy or choice. But certain cows will show a fondness for a particular pair of hands, sometimes carrying this predilection so far as tp refuse to stand at all except to their favourite, the pail of a stranger being unceremoniously kicked over. It was Dairyman Crick's rule to insist on breaking down these partialities and aversions by constant interchange, since otherwise, in the event of a milkman or maid going away from the dairy, 1 he was placed in a difficulty. The maids' private aims, however, were the reverse of the dairyman's rule, the daily selection by each damsel of the eight or ten cows to which she had grown accustomed render ing the operation on their willing udders surprisingly easy and effortless. Tess, like her compeers, soon discovered which of the cows had a preference for her stylé of manipulation, and lier fingers having become delicate from the long domiciliary imprisonments to which she had subjected herself at intervals during the last two or three years, she would have been glad to meet the milchers' views in this respect. Out of the whole hundred-and-five there were eight in particular—Dumpling, Fancy, Lofty, Mist, Old Pretty, Young Pretty, Tidy, and Loud—who, though the teats of one or two were as hard as carrots, gave down to her with a readiness that made her work on them a mere touch of the fingers. Knowing, however, rthS; -dairyman's wish, she endeavoure'd conscientiously to take the animals just as they èame, excèpting the very hard yielders ^hich;f he could not yet, manage. .,- : •^'-Btttr she isobn found à curious correspondence between the ostensibly chance position of the cows and her wishes in this matter, > tîlï she felt that their order could not be the result of accident. The dairyman's pupil had lent a hand in getting the cows together of latè, and at the.>fi#h- or-, .si^^ije-.she turned her eyes, as she rested against the cow, full of sly inqpiry upon him. 1 Mr* Clare, you have ranged the cows ! ' she said, blushilig| and in making the accusation symptoms of a smile gently lifted her upper lip. in spite of her, so as to show the tips of her teeth, the lower lip remaining severely still. 4 Well, it makes no difference,' said he. 1 You will always be here to milk them.' 1 Do you think so? I hope I shall ! But 1 don't know? She was angry with herself afterwards, thinking that he, unaware of bergrave reasons f>r liking this seclusion, might have mistaken her meaning* She had spoken so earnestly t'o him, as if his presence were somehow a factor in her wish. Her misgiving was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone to continue her regrets that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. It was à typical summer evening in June, the'atmosphere laèîng in such delicate equilibrium and so transmissive that inanimate objects seemed endowed with two or three senses, if riot fi'vé. There was no distinction between the near and the far, and an auditor felt close to everything within the horizon. The Boundlessness impressed her as a positive éiafrity rather than as the mere negation of flollé. It was broken by the strumming of String^ Tes/had heard those notes in the attic above her head. Dim, flattened, constrained by their confinement, they had never appealed to her as now, when they wandered in the still air with a stark quality like that of nudity. To speak absolutely, both instrument and execution were poor ; but the relative is all, and as she listened Tess, like a fascinated bird, could not leave the spot. Ear from j leaving she. drew up towards the performer, keeping behind the hedge that he might hot guess her presence. ' The outskirt of the garden in which Tess found herself had been left uncultivated for some years, and was now damp and rank with juicy grass which sent up mists of pollen at a touch ; and with tall blooming weeds emitting offensive smells—weeds whose red and yellow and purple hues formed a polychrome as dazzling as that of cultivated flowers. She went stealthily as a cat through this profusion of growth, gathering cuckoospittle on her skirts, cracking snails that were underfoot, staining her hands with thistlemilk and slug-slime, and rubbing off upon her naked arms sticky blights which, though snow-white on the apple-tree trunks, made blood-red stains on her skin ; thus she drew quite near to Clare, still unobserved of him. Tess was conscious of neither time nor space. The exaltation which she had described as being producible at will by gazing at a star, came now without any determination of hers; she undulated upon the thin notes of the second hand harp, and their harmonies passed like breezes through her, bringing tears into her eyes. The floating pollen seemed to be his notes made visible, and the dampness of the garden the weeping of the garden's sensibility. Though near nightfall, the rank-smelling weed flowers glowed as if they would not close for intentness, and the waves of colour mixed with the waves of sound. . The light which still shone was derived entirely from a large hole in the western bank of cloud ; it was like a piece of day left behind by accident, dusk having closed in elsewhere. He concluded his plaintive melody, a very simple performance, demanding no great skill ; and she waited, thinking another might be begun. But, tired of playing, he had desultorily come round the fence, and was rambling up behind her. ... Tess, her cheeks on fire, moved away furtively, as if hardly moving at all. Angel, however, saw her light summer gown, and he spoke ; his low tones quite reaching her, though he was some distance off. *What makes you draw off in that way, Tess ? ' said he. * Are you afraid ? ' ' O no, sir ... not of outdoor things ; especially just now when the apple-bloom is falling, and everything so green.' 1 But you have your indoor fears—eh ? ' ' Well—yes, sir.' «What of?' 'I couldn't quite say.' ' The milk turning sour ? ' 'No.' . 4 Life in general ? ' ' Yes, sir.' 4 Ah- -so have I, very often. This hobble of being alive is rather serious, don't you think so?' 'It is—now you put it that way,, sir ' All the same, I shouldn't have expected a young girl like you to see it so just yet. How is it you do ? ' She maintained a hesitating silence. ' Come, Tess, tell me in confidence.' She thought that he meant what were the aspects of things to her, and replied shyly— 'The trees have inquisitive eyes, haven't they?—that is, seem as if they had. And the river says,—Why do ye trouble me with your looks ?" And you seem to see numbers of to-morrows just all in a line, the first of 'em the biggest and clearest, the others getting smaller and smaller as they stand farther away ; but they all seem very fierce and cruel and as if they siid, " I'm coming ! Beware o' me ! Beware o' me!" . . . But w, sir, can raise up dreams with your music, and drive all such horrid fancies away ! ' (To be Continued.) 