"LAYING" A GHOST In one of the Midland counties is a fine old and rather celebrated historical mansion. with towers, turrets, and mullionedwindows. But alas for all its attractive beauty 1-it po-sessrs the one terrible drawback with which so many of the grand old mansions are unluckily snlcted-it has its ghost, and its haunted room, which no servant will enter alone, even in broad daylight, and in which no one ever-or very rarely-sleeps. With the usual provoking irregularity which belongs to the whole tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghost was known to "walk" at the most inconvenient moments, always appearing when not wanted, and carefully disappointing every party of valiant ghost hunters whenever they mustered up courage enough for the watch. The ghost always appeared in the attire of a medi;val monk -brown habit and cowl, rope girdle, sandals and carried a parchment roll in one hand. About two years ago it happened that the mansion was full of vistors and among the last to arrive was a well known canon elebrated--for-his unflagging spirits and sparkling wit. But every room was occupied. He was far too great a favourite to be refused. What was to be done? Happy thought-the haunted chamber ! The canon, as a good priest, would of course have no fear of ghosts, and, besides, he would know nothing of the ghost, as this was his first visit. In this however the good host was mistaken, for the witty canon had often heard the story, and knew all about it. Accordingly he was committed to the haunted chamber. On the following morn. ing, at breakfast, no one appeared with a brighter or happier fac', or seemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fan. "It is quite clear," thought the host, greatly relieved, "he has not been disturbed in any way." The next morning, nnd the next, and the next he still came down among the early ones with the same lighthearted aEpect which only those who have enjoyed sound sleep and peaceful dreams can wear. The host's anxiety at length could stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness of his rest and the quietude of his nights. But the witty canon, seeing his opportunity, suddenly assuming a very grave mien, informed his host that his first night, at any rate, had been neither quiet nor undisturbed. A sudden pause and a dead'silence followed as the canon proceeded to describe how, while he was lying awake, he was aware of the presence in the room of a tall dark figure, which came up to the bed. He observed that the figure was habi ed -s a monk, and carried a parchment roll, with which it appeared to point. The canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour and glaring, horrible eyes, as they shone forth beneath the dark cowl. A d zen anxious questions at once poured in upon the speaker -" What did you do?' " Did you address it?" "Did be speak to you?" "How did you get rid of him?" " How'" replied the witty canon, "Why, very easily I asked him to subsaoibe to my schools and school treat, when he -vanished immediately; and I need hardly add he has never honoured mo with another visit." 