QUIPS. I Mar are frequently like tea-the real strength and goodness are not properly drawn out until they have been in hot water. It doesn't make a room any cooler to put a frieze around the walls. Difference.-Visitor: ' And what do yon call your baby ' Host: 'Day or night ? The single taxer: 'How is the earth divided?' Now convert: 'Between those who have it and those who want it.' The only thing a man wants, after he gets all the money he needs, is more. The great divide: Booialism We can't tell 'constant reader' what days are considered unlucky to be married on. Authorities differ; some say 365. The worst doases of incompatibility of temper occur when both parties have the same class of temper, and plenty of it. Tao many cooks spoil the policeman. ' May I have the pleasure ofyour company to the opera on Friday night?' said the Advanued Young Woman to the New Young Man 'I should be delighted,' replied the timid youth, 'if my papa could go as chaperon Jones: 'Bee here, I find there is a five hundred pound mortgage on the property you soldme. You never said anythingabout it.' Smith: 'Certainly, I did. Didn't I distinctly tell you it had all modern improvements?' 'I am so glad your sister enjoyed her visit to us, Mr. Smith.' Mr. Smith: 'Oh, well, she is the sort of girl who can enjoy herself almost anywhere, yenou know.' The girl who runs away to get married will very likely walk home. A sailor is not a sailor when he.is a board; a sailor is not a sailor when he is a shore; but he must be either ashore or aboard; therefore a sailor is not a sailor. The man who boasts that he works with his head instead of his hands is respectfully reminded that the woodpecker does the same and is the biggest hind of a bore. Lunoy (single): 'Do you think it is wrong to sinoke, dear?' Fanny (married): No, dear, I'm sure it isn't.' Lucy: 'Why are yo?nu sure ?' Fanny: 'Because my huaband doesn't smoke; and if it were wrong I'm sure he would do it' He: 'M~r views on bringing up a family are--' She: ' Never mind your views, I'll bring up the family. You go and bring up the coal.' First physician: 'Is this a case that de mands a consultation ?' Second physician: 'I think it is. The patient is extremely rich.' 'Who steals my nurse steals trash;' but the cry of 'Stop thief!' is raised just the same. A AGerman student, wrestling with the Englji language, is said to have rendered a text i follows:-' The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' Where there's a will there's generally a rJw. I Wifte: 'Why, Charles, what do you mean b burning our old love letters ?' Husband : , have been reading them, my dear, and it occurred to me thatafter I die someone who wished to break my will might get hold of them and use them to prove I was insane.' Friend (after tea): ' Your little wife is a brilliantly handsome woman. I should think you'd be jealous of her.' Host (confiden tially) : 'To tell you the truth, Simpkins, I am. I never invite anybody here that any sane woman would take a fancy to.' Little Grace had very early hair, and it was a great trial to her to get it combed. One day during this process she was crying and making a greater disturbance than usual, when her mother said, 'What will the neighbours say when they hear you making sunch a noise?' Pausing in her weeping, she replied, They will say, "Why don't that womanlspank that chid P" ' .The woman who thinks before she speaks has to be a lightning thinker. 'Prisoner at the bar,' said the judge, 'is there anything you wish to say before sen tenee is :passed npon you?' 'No, jedge; there is nothin' I care to say, but if yon'll clear away the tables and chairs for me to thrash my lawyer, you can give me a year or two extry.' Wiggins: ' My boy, if you live beyond your incoue you are bound to come to grief.' Spendit: 'M y dear fellow, if I had to live within it I would be miserable even now. Made a Difterence.--Chase (to dentist): 'I won't pay anything extra for gas. Just yank the; tooth out, even if it does hurt a ittle.' Dentist: 'Imust say you are very plucky. Just let me see the tooth.' Chase: Oh, I haven't got any toothache; it's Mrs. Oease. She'll be here in a minute.' Mamma: 'You and your little visitors are doing nothing but sitting around and looking miserable. Why don't you play something ?' Little Daughter: 'We is plaing.' 'Play ing what?' 'We is playin that we is growed up.' ' John,' said the minister, 'will you take this woman to be h our wedded wife ?' 'Now, here, parson, what's the use of asking ques tions like that ? What do you suppose I'm after, a divorse ?' Philanthropic Merchant.--'A poor fellow came to me this morning asking for food, as he said he was. starving. I sent him down to your restaurant and told him to get a good square meal, and I would pay for it. How much is the bill? BRestaurantkeeper: 'Two shillings.' Philanthropic merbchant: 'What are the items?' Ristaurant keeper: 'Nine beers and a cigar.' A neighbour being dangerously ill, a lady sent her new maid over to inquire as to her condition. 'Inquire how Mrs. - is, and if she is dead ask when the funeral will be.' The servant in a fewminutes returned, saying 'Mrs. - is better, and they cannot tell when the funeral will be.' Little Isabel's mother had very injudici ously allowed her to drink weak tea with her meals instead of milk. One day Isabel was taken out to lunch at a friend's house, and tbhe friend, never dreaminig that ~clild could drink anything other than milk, placed it before her in a broad, low, fancy cup. The chld gazed at the milk in silence for awhile, and then astonished her hostess by remark ing disdainfully, 'I dre no eat.' One of the best stories told by Dean Hole in his 'Memories' is of an eld-fashioned cathedral verger; ' lord of the alslel,' who, one noon, found a pious visitor on his knees iii the esacored edifies. The verger hastened up tohim and said, in a tone of iidignant exoitement, 'The services in this cathedral are at 10 in the'morning and at 4 in the afternoon, and we don't have no fancy prayers.' The pleasures of rustio life are theus eummed up by a oynical philosopher :-' It is geat fun to live on a farm, unless yenou have to.' First little girl (proudly): 'We are goin' to Europe this summer.' Second little girl (contemptuously): 'Pooh! Ve shust .came from dare' Energetio politician: 'Here's a pretty mess ! I've been invited to deliver a speeoh on bimetallism ' Friend: 'Well, what's the matter' with thaf?' E.P.: 'I can't. My private secretary says he doesn't know any thing about it' 'What should a fallew say,' asked the young man, anxiously, 'when his wife asks him if he would marry again if she were to die ?' ' Say nothing, of course,' answered the elderly adviser. 'If he says he would she'll thank he doesn't like her. If he annouuoes his intention of staying single she will have the idea he is tired of matrimony.' Judge: 'The prosecutor swears that you hit him twice upon the nose. Haveyou any denial to makeP' Defendant: '.i, yer baner; Oi hir him but wanst upon th' nose. Th' sicond toime O hit him where his nose hod bin.' Impatient tourists to small boy fishing in the lake: ' You told us the boat always left here at 4, and we have waited now till past 5.' Boy: 'Oh, it doesn't begin to run till June!' 