FICTION. tf THE HIGWAYM 'S a [BY J. J. SANDEMAN.] n When the fires burn frostily and the w snow lies on the ground, visions of my father rise clearly from the past. a Once more I see his kindly face and a massive figure in his favourite high- 13 backed chair, and Nwe youngsters clue- is tered round, listening to tales of half a century ago. As we became older he adapted his stories to our years, and one of these I will, try to tell as nearly in his own. words as possible.. "'Well,boys,'said my father,settling himself comfortably near the fire, r 'ghost stories are somewhat beyond w my experiences, but I was mixed up in an affair of that kind once. There n were no railways in the days I am going to tell about,. and I was on my first trip by coach' from Perth to London. We had four inside passen gers. There was. a. fat, merry little 0 gentleman, his. tall; sl aro, solemn looking-wife, and two portly,,middle- to aged . brothers with bald heads.. The only traveller outside the coach t besides myself was a fellow country man. His name was Archibald d M'Gregor; be was very tall,.for-though d I am over six feet he had the best of me in height by at least two inches;. IV his sloping shoulders and narrow chest, u however, promised little strength.. His J9 pale severe face,, and fierce dark eyes i reminded me of a picture I had seen el in Glasgow of one of the old covenan- w ters, and I had built up all kinds of romantic stories concerning M'Gregor's it past history, in consequence. The t1 sequal will show how far I was right a in my estimation of his character. t " During this particular alternoon. e M'Gregor had told me many interes- d ting stories, but as the sun went down n he placed his hand on my shoulder in b a kindly way, and said, ' Well, young S man, I hope we shall meet again some day. I go no further than the Red t< Lion, where we stay to-night, and. take w this opportunity Of wishing you for- n tune in the great city to which you are as going; with perseverance and honesty h for your motto you will succeed, as c Scotchmen do wherever money is to be ti made.' s "M'Gregor was silent for quite a long time, but at last, as though in h answer to his own thoughts, he saidy 'Yes, it is exactly twelve months since b I stayed at the Red Lion; the inn is extremely comfortable, but I had a r terrible experience during the night I saw a ghost.' a 11' A ghost!' I repeated in consider. able astonishment. "' Yes, a ghost; and what is more, I expect to see it again this very night., o In fact, it is my only reason for taking this journey; but don't say anything about what I am going to tell you, for t it might injure the landlord's busi ness.' "I assured him he could depend on my silence, and he continued. ' On that night I went to bed rather late; A about three o'clock in the morning I g was awakened by a cock crowing, and 0 had just composed myself again, when there was a sudden, mysterious sort of d crash, and looking up I saw a fearful 1( thing standing in the room. It was a t highwayman; his eyes were starting from their sockets; a hangman's rope r was round his neck, and with its end be drew, in phosphorescent characters, on the floor these words- a "'Ba here twelve months from now' or I'll haunt you to your dying day. I sat up in bed but the ghost was gone. "' Is it not just possible it was at dream ?' I said, for ha had paused. "' Dream, sir ? No, sir,' he replied indignantly. ' Do you suppose I would travel several hundred miles for a dream. I believe, and have always I believed, in ghosts. Never having seen aa supernatural being before, I made Senquiries of those who knew some. Sthing of these matters, and they \- strongly advised me not to risk being .haunted to my dying day by the horrible apparition, so I have madeE this journey in hopes that, after revealing the cause of its visits, the spirit may rest in its graye. Ab, hera is the inn.' " The Red Lion was a very old two storied building, with gables at the ends, and a large square opening in the centre, through which the conch drove to the stables beyond. We -enjoyed the wholesome substantial meal prepared for us, and soon afterwards, by special request, the Llandlord came into the room and brewed us a bowl of lpuach. His reputation in this now nearly lost art was well, deserved, and so much was dit appreciated that some of our party .0 insisted he should ,partake of his own ahandiwork. The thin lady before itreferred to, after a good deal of persuasion, consented to drink half a tumbler of punch, and we wvere soon Scomfortably discussing various topics Sof the day. ' Before proceeding with my story Smust tell vou, that the thin lady and p.her husband had the very uncom d, fortable name of Hannie. It espec a. ially jarred on my ear when the wife addressed the fat little gentleman ast Hannie,.which she did now, and ip formed him that it hardly seemed pro per for a lady to sit up drinking punch with so many gentlemen. Now, as Mr Hannie was overflowing with excellent .anecdotes and always laughed heartily at mine, I was afraid he would go away with his wife, so not knowing, I was doing anything extraordinary, I suggested that the landlord's wife might be willing to make one of our 'party. The brothers-who by the way, addressed each other as Dick and Ned-looked very indignant ; the lady and M'Gregor very much surprised ; and the landlord very uncomfortable. But Mr Hannie, with a. mischievous look at the brothers, said heartily, Good idea,, I'm sure we will all be most happy to see our hostess amongst us ;.bring her in, Chapman, bring. her in. "Chapman, the landlord, left the room, and shortly. returned with his wife. She was a large, corpulent old lady, with a cairngoim brooch at her neck, and bright red ribbous in her .hair; not that this constituted her entire costume, far from it, for she had so many flounces, lace frills, and other nonsense that I was reminded forcibly of a very small .hop in Perth, the window of which she much resembled. Mrs Chapman, however, possessed tact, for she seated herself on a huge F horse- hair sofa at the further end of the room, and followed hvr husband's t example by only speaking when ad dressed. "' Sir,' said l\Ir Ilannie to Mr t M'Gregor when we were settled, ' as I understand you have made this journey several times, I thought you might have some interesting experi ences to relate. If so, I am sure they will be acceptable.' " M'Gregor, who had been attack ing the punch with some vigour, took the landlord by the arm and led him to a corner of the room, where a mys terious conference at last came to an end by the landlord saying aloud, 'My dear sir, tell the story by all means, I'm not afraid the ghost will hurt my business, and as it is near Christmas such tales are seasonable.' "M'Gregor then related what he had told me on the coach. Whether it was the punch that had refreshed his memory or not, I do not pretend to say, but in its second edition his story had grown. considerably. The cook crowing woke him up as before; but the highwayman made his way into the scene amidst frightful groans, his eyes shot out streams of fire, and his face had become a ghastly green colour. Mr M'Gregor gave us a personal illustration of how the ghost looked, by standing near the middle of the room, holding his handkerchief behind his ears and pulling the other portion so tightly round his neck that I was afraid he would choke himself to death. Still keeping in this position he tried to make one leg serve as the rope ' drawing phosphorescent characters on the floor,' while he balanced him self on the other. The result put me much in mind of a drunken man trying to dance the Highland fling. (Continued next issue)a 