JllERT'S NEW OPERA. " His Excellency." The Plot and Songs. A Practical Joker and His Mischie vous Daughters— A Frank that Proved a Boomerang. Since their latest dissolution of partner ship, Gilbert and Sullivan have both picked out new collaborators. The librettist is first in the field with a new opera entitled "His Excellency," for which Dr. Os mond Carr wroto the music. Iho opera was produced as tbo Lyric Theatre in London some weeks ago, and has scored a distinct success, though the music must inevitably be compared to that Sir Arthur Sullivan has written for the same librettist, and it suffers by the comparison. 1 Dr. Carr's music is said to bo very clever and quite melodious in some parts ; but it is not Sullivan's. But tho book is very Gilbcrtian. It turns upon the propensity for practical joking, to which Griffenfeld, Governor of Elsinore, gives way once too ofton. The story may be told as follows : — The curtain riies upon tho quaint market place of Elsinore, with a splendid statuo of the regent for its central figure. The governor, George Grifi'enfeld, is possessed by a demon of practical jokiup. With his pretty daughters, Nanna and l'hora, by his side ho discourses of his weakness:' " 1 ' All: Oh, what a fund of joy joonnd lies hid in harmless hoaxes ! What keen enjoymont springs From cheap and simple things, What deep delight from sources trite in- vontive humor coaxes, That pain and trouble brew For every one but you ! Griffenfeld : Gunpowder placed inside its waist improves a mild H&vanah;, Its unexpected flash Burns eyebrows and monstsche. Nanna: When people dine no kind of wine beats ipecacuanha, But common sense suggests You keep it for your'guests— Tuora : Then r.aught annoys tho organ- boys like: throwing red-hot coppers. Nanna: And much amusement bidos In common buttsr- slides, Griffenfeld : And stringy snares across the stairs cause unexpected croppers. Tuora : Coal-scuttles, recollect, Produce the same effect. Iriffenfeld : A man possessed Of commonsense Need not invest At great expense— Nana : It doos not call For pocket deep (ThorA: These jokes are all Extremoly cheap. All': If yon commence with eighteen- ponce— it's all you'll have to pay ; You may command a pleasant and a most instructive day. Griffenfeld: A good Bpriug.gun breeds endless fun, and makes men jump tike rockets. Tuora : And turnip-heads on posts Make very decent ghosts. ' Griffenfeld: Then hornets sting like any thing, whon placed in waistcoat pockets— Nanna: Burnt cork and walnut juico Are not without their use. Griffenfeld: No fun compares with easy .1; ohaira.,' whoso seats,. ara. stuffed witn needles— ... Thoha : Live shrimps their patience tax When'put down people's backs— Griffenfeld : Surprising, too, what one with a pint of fat blaokbeotles— Nanna: And treaclo on a chair Will make a' Quaker swoar I Tuora : Then sharp tin-tacks And pocket-squirts— Griffenfeld : And cobbler's wax . .For ladies' skirts— Nanna : And slimy slugs On bedroom floors— Griffenfeld : And water jugs , . On open doors— All: Prepared witii these cheap proper ties, amusing tricks to play Upon a friend, a man may spond a most delightful day ! But the governor doss not confine his humor. to puerilities. It is tho all-pervading spirit of his life. Ho has brought tho army to the verge of mutiny by making the sol diers. pirouette like ballot-girls— a vastly amusing effect on tho stage this has. The girls rush on to announce tho approach of the soldiers : Here are tho warriors all ablaze Sabre and epaulettes, ha ! ha ! All of them ordered to spend their days' Practising minuotB, 1m ! ha ! Never was seen sueh tawdry triokery, Soldiers, tough as oak or hickory, Turned to votaries of Terpsichore, Mincing marionettes, ha ! ha 1 The soldiers dance in, led by Harold, who sings : Though I'm a eoldior, nil pugnaoity, Into your presence I'm made to come In the aontemptible capacity Of a confounded teetotum ! Although tho Governor's jokes are nume rous, . This is a joke we fail to see — If this is tho Governor's fun bo humorous, Bother the Governor's fuu, say we I Oh, you may laugh atourdancing-schoolory— It's all very well, it amuses you ; But how would you like this dashed tom foolery " i- Every day from ten to two? All the time he singB, and bis troop dance vigorously. They can not leave off without the governor's permission, which is unattain able, as his Excellency has fingered behind to make a butter slide before the syndic's front door, and as he gleefully declares, when ho presently enters, the syndic went down like a shot. These romarkablo hussars danco daily from 10 to 2, and use their legs in the ordi nary way from 2 to 10. Tho soldiers com plain that their girls derido them from 10 to 2, and Corporal Harold observes : " I think my betrothed wifo might sympathise with the absurdity of my position. I think all our betrothed wives might sym pathise with the absurdity of all our positions." Elsa replies : " Wo sympathise with you as hard as wo can, after 2. Wo can't do it baforo 2, be cause we're laughing all the time." Harold fnrthor objects: "Who knows what may happen from 10 to 2? You might get engaged to somebody else— to tho sergeant- major, for instance." Then ouo answors: " Well, of course, wo don't want to waste our mornings ; but even if 1 were engaged to him from 10 to 2, I should be always true to you from 2 to 10." Mr. Gilbert is never more subtly hnmorous than whon dealing with tho "midsummer madness " of love, and here we have a lover who desires that all the world shall go mad over his mistress, and that ho shall bo itriumphant. On this themu our author harps delightfully, with the following as a climax:— If. I my lady vainly woo, And, her wlihoat, I pine and die. Mankind at large must perish, too, Or wo fall out, Mankind and I. Who fives when I find life too long Would seem to Bay that I am wrong. When I expire all men must die, Or wo fall out, all men and I. Whon Nanna and Tiiota encounter their respective wouid-bc lovers, Erling and Tor- teunsou, whom Griffenfeld has duped into a belief of impending nobility, the girls, being in the secret, pretend diffidence before high social rank, and then we have : Can't you see thoy'ro high socioty ? Don't they sneer like people of quality ? If we seem to lack propriety, Pray, forgivo our eilly frivolity 1 Treat with charity Our vulgarity — 'Twixb us there's bo much disparity. Very superior persons, you 1 Gracious goodness, what shall we do? This thoino is very pleasantly worked out, as when, Tortennscn having remarked that he and Erling are not yet noble, Thora re torts : " Come, that makes conversation easier." Ho invests Tortennsen with the order .of court physician— quite by way of a joke. The statue is a humorous commission, pur porting to como from tho Regent to Nanna's lover, Erling. Tho status, by the way, has inspired Christina, a strolling singer, with a consuming passion. She sings: I see with a silent awe, In this faultless form allied Tho exquisite graco Of a royal race, - And she glory of nightly, prido ; / No blemish, or fault, or flaw, ; But perfect in all is he, I've learnt, in fine, What a good divine ' A chivalrous knight may be, '. As gentle as lover's lay, " ' ; Or tile dawn of a bright .May-day, Yet cast in the kingly mold . Of the glorious days of old— . My eyes aro opened ; at last I.soe What he who would win my heart must,;be. Why look at tho mon wo'vo known— Thoir mouths will open and close— . 1 Thoy'vo oars likewise. And a couple of eyes, Aud tho usual nubbly nose ; Each has a head of his own,' " Tlioy have bodies, and legs, and feo't— , I'm bound to admit " That in every whit The catalogue's quite complete— : But whore is the god-like graco That lights that marvellous face ? , Whore is the brow sereno? Whoro is tho lordly mien,? ; Ah, dullards ana dolts are all I've known, Compared with that marvellous, matchless stone ! One of the Governor's jokes having gone aglee, he finds himself prc-matrimouially complicated with an elderly .lady, who, boing "of singularly explosive disposition," is appropriately named Hucla. Says Hecla to the Governor : " You shouldn't .upset me, George. Within this fragile body. two tremendous powers aro in perpetual an tagonism—a diabolical temper and an iron will. At first it didn't seem to bo any affair of mine, and I determined to let them fight it out among themselves ; but this internal conflict of irresistible forcos is very wearing, George, and I begin to wish they'd settle it one way or the other." "Oh 1" remarks tho unsympathetic Griffen feld, "what's tho odds?" and to' him Hecla : " Abont seven to two on the temper just now, George." The second act takes place in. the court yard of the castle. The inhabitants have assembled to make their appeal, and Chris tina entertains them meanwhile with the quaint logond of the wilful bee : — A hive of bees, as I've heard say, ; . . . - Said to their Queon one sultry day, "Please, your Majesty's high position, . ; The hive is full and the weather is warm. We rather think, with due submission, The time has come when ' we ought to swarm." , ' ' - Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, y Up spake thoir Queen, and thus spake she— " This is a matter that rests w.ith rae.: Who dares opinions thus.to form? . I'll tell you whon it is time to swarm." . . Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, Her Majesty wore an angry frown, In fact her Majesty's foot was down ; Her Majesty sulked — declined to sup— In short, her Majesty's back was up/ Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Her foot was down and her back was up i That hire contained one obstinate. beo ' - (His name was Peter), and thus spako he— "Though ovory beo has shown white feather, To bow to fashion I am not prone— ' Why should a hive swarm All together?. ! . Surely a bee can swarm alone ?" Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, , ' . , ' Upside down and inside out, Backwards, forwards, round about, Twirling here and twisting there,. .. Topsy- turvily, everywhere— Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz. Pitiful sight it was to see ' Respectable, elderly, higb-plass boo,-, . Who kicked the beam ut sixteen stone, Trying his best to swarm aiono 1 , Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz. Trying bis best to swarm alone ! Such is the state' of things .when the regent himself appears on the scene. Ho has heard of Grifi'enfolu's vagaries, and has come to judge of them for himself. But ho elects to do so in the guise of a strolling player. Ho is not loth to put off, kingly state, for as ho sings : ' A King, though he's pestered with cares, 7 Though, no doubt, he can often trepan them ; But one comes in a shape., ho .can never escape— The implacable National Anthem ! Though for quiet and rest ho may yearn, It pursuos himat every turn- No chanco of forsaking Its rococo numbers : They haunt him when.wakiDg— They poison his slumbers ! Like tho Banbury Lady, whom evory. one knows, He's cursed with its music wherever he goes! Though its words but imperfectly rhyme. And the devil himself couldn't scan, them, With composure polite he 'endures, day and night That illiterate National Anthem 1 It serves a good purpose, I own ; Its strains are devout and impressive— .. Its heart-stirring notes raiBe a jump in. bur throats As we burn with devotion excessive : But tho King, who's been' bored by that song ' . , , From his cradle--eaoh day— till day long— Who'a hoard it loud-shoutod By throats operatic, . And loyally spouted By courtiers emphatic—. ' By soldiers— by sailors— by drum and by fife— Small blame if he thinks it tho plague of his life ! While bis subjects sing loudly and long, Their King — who would willingly ban thorn- Sits, worry disguising, anathematising That bogie, tho National Anthem I One of the first peoplo ho encounters is Christina, with whom he forms a romantic attachment. Then lie meets the governor, who is Btruck by the likeness of the stroller to tho sovereign. A happy thought strikos tho inveterate joker, llo will make tho player king for a day. It will bo so humorous to undo all that the mock monarch does — so original. Griffonfeld'e great troublo is the antiquity of all the good jokeB : Quixotic is his enterprise, and hopolcss his adventure is, Wbo seeks for jocularities that haven't yet been said. The world hue joked incessantly for over fifty centuries, And every juke that's possible ha9 long ago been made. I started as a humorist with lots of mental fizzlnesB, But humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse ; For my stock-in-trade, my fixtures and the goodwill of tho business No reasonable offer 1 am likely to refuse. And if anybody chooso He may circulate tho news That no reasonable oiler I am likely to refuse. Oh, happy was thr.t humorist— tho first that mudo a pun at all— Who, whon a joke occurred to him, how ever poor and mean, Was absolutely certain that it never had been done at all — How popular at dinners must that hu morist have been I Oh, tho days whon some step-father for the query held a handle out, Tho door-mat for tho acraper, is it distant very far ? And whon no one knew whero Mosos was when Aaron put the caudle out, And no ono had discovcrod that a door conld be a-jar ! But your modern hearers aro In their tastes particular, And they snocr if you inform them that a door can be a-jar ! In soarch of quip and quiddity, I've sat all day, alone, apart — And all I could hit an as a problem was te find Analogy between a scrag of mutton nnd a Bdny-part, Which offers slight employment to tho : speculative mind ; For you can not call it vory good, however great your charity — It's not tho sort of humor that is greeted with a shout — And I've come to the conclusion that the mine of jooularity, In present Anno Domini, is worked com pletely out 1 Though the notion you may scout, I can provs beyond a doubt That tho mind of jocularity is utterly worked out ! The regent, while apparently becoming accessory to the pranks of the govornor, covers that sportive oilicial with confusion and tho coat of a private. The prince, alias Niels Egisson, goes throngh the drama a striking figure— a NoincBis " out of repair," but sound enough for retribution. It may bo tliut ho punishes tho governor too severely, ana that this reflection rather damps tho mirth of the finale, as poor Grifionfcld, wno, his danghters say, did cvorything "in elisor good humor" — and 'they ought to know— is left a solitary sentry n the castle whoro ho was once master. 