The Storyteller. A LUCKY SHOWER When I was about fourteen years old my father, who had been a widower since my birth, took for his wife the second wife of an old friend, Captain Spinner. My father was quite an elderly man already and the widow was nearly his own age. The terms of his offer were these— " Mrs. Spinner, I have a fine old house with no one to keep it. You are the best housekeeper I know, and have no house to keep. You have hard times, I know. So have I, in another way. Think it over." You see it was not a romantic wooing. As for the widow—a portly woman with a high color, who refused to let her hair grow grey as long as there were dyes in the drug stores —she replied frankly:— " Oh I don't need to think long over it. It's too good an offer. But I never do any thing without consulting the captain." As Captain Spinner had now been dead ten years, this might have startled a new acquaintance, but my father knew what it meant very well, and said:— "Very well, ma'am." Then Mrs. Spinner brought forth a little triangular candle-stand and sent her compli ments to Mr. Maddler, and would he spare her an hour P Mr. Maddler came at once. He was a remarkable youth of the neighborhood, in whose presence tables danced and raps were heard—not a professional medium, Mrs. Spinner used to say, with a sigh, "they came too expensive for her," but a gifted amateur. Under his long white fingers the table danced about beautifully, and these words were spelled out —: " Ship ahoy, my hearty ! Shiver my timbers if I could choose a better mate for my late consort. Take her with my bless ing!" Now, Captain Spinner had never said " shiver my timbers," or called my father "my hearty" in his life. But no one's attention was called to that fact, and the result was that Mrs. Spinner became Mrs. Hardman very shortly, and fulfilled my father's highest expectations. She looked veiy well in the rich black silks and satins she could now afford to wear, made us very comfortable, petted us as if we were babies, and kept the house in apple-pie order. In return my father made no objection to a seance in the library every Friday, where we heard the three-legged candle-stand dancing away at a great rate. Mr. Maddler always attended at these meetings, but my father did not ask him at other times He was a mere youth in those days, but I did not like him either, so he gained no foothold in the houBe. On the whole we were very happy for four years, and my father had slowly grown very fond of his Jane Eliza—whom he had married because she was a good housekeeper —when death stepped in and struck him a fatal blow. When lie died I thought at first that I should never be myself again, but at eigh teen one is elastic. As for my stepmother, she mourned in the deepest crape, and cried a great deal. Then a change came " o'er the spirit of her dream." I detected a curious alteration in her manner, and startled into curiosity, looked for its cause, and found it in Mr. Maddler. That young man, now our con stant visitor, was evidently paying his addresses to my stepmother, who was hard on her way to sixty. I liked her, for she had been so kind to me. I detested Maddler, who seemed to me a very sneaking and contemptible person. I had read the papers sufficiently to know that such unions generally ended very badly for the lady in the case. As my father had made his will I had only a sufficient sum for my expenses until I came of age, and my stepmother could do what she pleased during her life-time. Poor father never dreamed that his second wife would marry again, and had wished us to make our home together and be as mother and son. I had never doubted the wisdom of the will before, but now I saw that once married to Maddler my stepmother would soon be induced to place everything in his liands. I determined to speak plainly to her, and I did. She was confused and simpered a little, but confessed that I was not wrong. " For Heaven's sake, consider what you are doing, mamma!" I cried. " Can't you see the man's motive ? " " He adores me," she said. " Do you believe that ? " I cried. She simpered again. " He is young enough to be your grand son," I said. "Not quite," she replied. "But, at all events, years make no difference. The spirts that hover about me, Mr. Maddler says, and so does his particular friend Mr. Tucker, preserve my youth by making me inhale flower essences in my sleep. Really, I waked up the other night with the smell of lavender all about me. They say I don't look thirty, Mr. Maddler and Mr. Tucker do." "You don't believe all that, do you mamma ? " I asked. " Well, yes, I do," replied my stepmother. " And then Mr. Maddler is wildly in love with me." "It's all nonsense," said I, with the brutal candour of youth. " You look every day your age. I'm a young man, and I assure you that though any one could respect and admire you as a—a mother or an aunt, you know you're entirely past falling in love with. And the table-tapp ings Maddler does with his fingers. I don't say all of tliem do, but he does. He is a rascal, and all he wants is your money." I saw rage, mortification, and indignation in my stepmother's face as I ceased speak ing. Though every word I had uttered came from my heart, even then I began to see that I should have set to work differ ently. To be successful I should have told my stepmother that she was wrong to throw her arms away on Mr. Maddler, or paid a medium to counsel her to beware of him. But I had done what seemed to me best. My stepmother could not for some time find breath to speak. At last she said con temptuously :— " Money ! ob, yes, that is what you think of! I should have been careful of your interests if you had behaved decently, but now—" she paused, and added, "the sooner we part, the better." The end of this was that the next day I took board near the college, and began to think seriously of the future, since probably I should have only my profession to depend on when I came of age. In a month I heard that the day had set for my stepmother's wedding. She had insisted on waiting a year and one week after the date of her widowhood before she changed her name. Maddler went about smirking, arm in arm with his great friend, Mr. Tucker. From his spruce appearance I fancied that my stepmother had already been generous to him. And so my father's money was to pass from me, for I should refuse to enter into any legal conflict, and the foolish woman, who had been so good to me once, would end her days miserably. If the ground had opened and swallowed Mr. Maddler, or an evil spirit carried him up a chimney, I do not deny that I should have rejoiced thereat, butnothinghappened. Time went on. The week of my stepmother's freedom had arrived, and Bhe had bloomed out in colors suited to her idea of her well-preserved beauty, and wore costumes unsuitable to any but a girl in her early teens. One day I saw her coming up the street thus attired, and stood still to look at her. In past days my stepmother had had a certain dignity about her presence that became her age. Now she reminded me of the clown in the circus, dressed in female attire, and pretending to flirt with the ring master. Her very high heels and very short skirts had much to do with it; the cut of her gown more. It was the time when the " Dolly Varden " costumes had just been introduced. She wore one of flowered foulard—brightest pink. The jaunty hat had roses in it. We had been members of one household, and she still bore my father's name. A sense of shame crept over me and I was about to turn away when one of those April showers —not so common now, it seemed to me, as they were then, came suddenly upon us. The elderly butterfly had only a white parasol, with pink fringe, with which to protect herself from the wild torrents of rain. Elevating this she began to run. Her high heels betrayed her and she slipped, fell flat, and lay upon the sidewalk evidently unable to rise. I was not brute enough to leave her thus. Hastening to her aid I found that she had sprained her ankle and broken her parasol, crushed her bonnet, and ripped the stitches that festooned the "pannier" of the costume. She was weeping bitterly and was a pitiable object. It still poured, she was unable to walk ; but shelter was close at hand. Under the shed of a carriage-maker was an old omni bus which was waiting its turn for repairs. Into this I helped my stepmother, piled cushions under her ankle, pulled down the shades, and made her as comfortable as possible. " As soon as it stops pouring I'll get a cab and take you home," I said. " You're very kind," she answered. " Oh, I'm in such pain, and if anyone should see me!" " I'll take care of that," I said; and as the rain began to drive in at the door I closed it. The next moment two men came running into the shed. " Whew ] " cried one of them, " we're lucky high and dry after all, Tucker! " " You're a lucky fellow, anyhow, Madd ler," answered his companion. " Good to know a sort of mascot." " Oh, dear! it is Mr. Maddler I" whispered my stepmother. " And such a sight as I am!" " Keep quiet and he won't guess that you are here," I said, and silence reigned within the stage—but not without. Tucker was fond of talking. " How is the widder ? " he queried. " Fat as ever," replied Maddler. " The sacrifice is near at hand now. Well, I guess she'll be easy to manage; I was afraid of the cub." " Meaning Tom Hardman! " queried Tucker. " Of course," said Maddler. " But a quarrel between the two freed me from him. T he old man never dreamed Mrs. Hardman would step off again, and everything is left just the way that suits me. Between my fascinations and the raps I can make the old lady do just what I please. How do you suppose I managed now for cash ? " "Don't know," said Tucker. "The spirits advised her to give me a certain sum. I say ' No, no ; pray don't. I declare that I'd rather not take it.' The table insists, bangs frightfully ; there are knocks everywhere. She draws a cheque, I put it in my pocket, kiss her hand, call her an angel." " Can you keep it up, though ?" asked Tucker. " No need after I've got the ring on her finger and her signature to a paper or two. I think she'll let me have my own way, and if so, all right; she'll get good treatment, but if she kicks I'll show her who is master," replied Maddler. " I shan't see much of her anyhow, after the knot is tied. We'll have jolly times you and I. I don't desert fa&t; friends. You've helped me considerably with the old woman." " It's stopped raining," said Tucker. " So it has," said Maddler. " Come along." We were alone again, my stepmother and I. I looked at her, she was white as a ghost. " I do feel so sick, Tom! " she said. Poor woman! between pain, shame, and anger, and the sudden murder of her vanity, she was in wretched case, and I felt very, very sorry for her. I did my best for her. I interviewed the carriage-maker, got him to allow me to put two horses to the omnibus, and so convey the sufferer home. Having been put to bed and the doctor sent for, I waited to see if I could be of any use, but it was not until twilight fell that my stepmother sent for me. " Better ? " I asked, kindly, as I entered the room. " Yes, Tom," she answered, quite in kel oid way, " and very thankful. I think good spirits—your poor pa, maybe—made me fall down, and sent you to put me in that old 'bus, just to save me from the awful fate I was rushing to." " Certainly it happened providentially," I said. " I see what a goose I've been," she con tinued, "and how honest you spoke, though very plain, that time when I was so vexed, Tom. I see it as you did, now, and thank goodness it's not too late. Tom, won't you come back and be my son again ? I seem to need taking care of." For an answer I kissed her, but I did not think my whole duty done to my stepmother until I bad kicked Mr. Maddler down the steps, which I did promptly the next time lie called. —Exchange. Husband—" Joblotz wrote an article to day for the paper, unmasking a humbug." Wife—" What was it ? An autobio graphy ? " Collingwood—"Say, Tillinghast, didn't you tell me that Miss Elderkin was an artist?" Tillinghast—"No; I said she was a work of art." 