FACTS FOR THE ELECTORS In the Gaiety Theatre last night warn wit nessed tho most disgraceful scene that liao evor taken place in the history of Now South Wales, The meoting in tho theatre had been con vened for political purpoees, but in conse- I queues of tho death of Lady Parkes it was I converted into ono for the expression of | sympathy with the afflicted widower. Not- I withstanding that a scolion of tho auaii-nco created a disturbance, and grooned at Sir Henry Parkes. In no uncivilised country, wo vonturo to say, would it be possible to find worso types ot savages than thesa mon are. Yot men of this class aro considered by oanio i persons to bo better qualified than farmers, pastoralists, decent working men and owners of property generally to dictate tbe policy oi the country. All these ruffians, as woil as tho numerous other larrikinc ia the metropolis, arc fervent eupportero of Mr. Reid, and he has played down to them in many of his opeoohce. In its report of tho meeting the Daily Telegraph haB tried to produce tho impres sion that nothing unusual occurred daring the proceedings, and it hus not uttered ono word of protest against the uonanct of the blackguards who hooted Sir Henry Parkes whilst sympatby with him in his groat af fliction Was being expressed. We doubt if journalietiudegrudation can go much further than that. Tho Herald is a bitter opponent of Sir Henry Parkes, yet it says that the proceed ings whioh took piaco at tho mooting in tho Gaiety-Theatre "amount to the proportions oi a public disgrace." Until tho Telegraph spoako out as straight as this it will undoubtedly bo tho opinion of many people that it has strong sympathy with tho vory worst forms oi poli tical larrikinism. At North Sydney last night Mr. Reid attempted to justify tho exemptions in his Land and Income Tax Bills. It is well to romomber, however, that whon he intro duced tho bills thoy did not provide for oxomptions. The iuference, of oourso,-is that he does not beliovo in them. With re spect at any rale to the land taz the ex emptions aro absolutely indefoneibla. According to Mr. Reid tho property owners _ pay only £3 4s per cent, on their incomes towards tho expen diture of tho oounlry, whilst the wage earning and salaried classes pay £6 17s per com. This is pare imagination. As nearly all the imported commodities con sumed by tho working classes aro on tho free list the contributions of these peoplo to the rovenue, apart from stimulants and tobacco, are vory trifling. Tho Roid party consider it to bo a vory immoral proceeding to assist any local produciug industry out of the public revenue, but they hold that it is quite right to spoDd a couplooi hundred thousand pounds per annum iu providingjunproductivc work for tho unemployed, " Mr. Adrian Knox," the Premier said at North Shore, " had severely criticised bim, but ha bad been agreeably disappointed ia him. He had voted all through perfectly straight." Mr. Knox wab not a Reidito when he first offered his services to tho electors of Wool. lahra, bnt after a fow weeks the Premier got hold .of him properly. An independent politician ho certainly is not, although he is trying to produce the impression that he is. Because he is au intcrestod party Mr. Knox says ho will not vote either way in connection with a proposal to repeal tho sugar duties. If ho were a straight free trader bo would not hesitata to got free- trade in sugar because bo happens to be a shareholder ia the Sugar Refining Co. If bo will not vote for tho repeal of duties in connection with a protected industry iu which he ip interested, by what line of reasoning docs he defond his conduct in voting for the repeal of duties in connection with other industries in which some of his neighbors aro intorestcd? It ssems to ut that Mr, Knox has all the potentialities of a pretty considerable political humbug. Mr. Reid is of tho opinion that " Mr. Wise will nover osrry much weight in the Houso until he gets as fai as I (the Premier) am." There are sufficient reasons for con fidently predicting that Mr. Wise will never become as fal ua'Mr, Reid. The city surveyor is taking a somewhat active part in tho present political campaign. Yet the fund from which hie salary ta paid is the aggregate of taxes lovied upon pto- tectionisis as well as free-traders. If Mr. Richards desires to be a prominent figure in connection with party politics he ought to resign his situation. At Mr. Frank Clarke's meeting at Kemp soy recoEtly Dr. B. N. Casement, in pro posing a voto of confidence, said he had left the old country, not but what he conld do as well or perhaps batter thero than bere, but he could not bear to seo the suffering from starvation and want that he constantly bad to come in contact with, a state of tbinge, in his opinion, due mainly to free- trade. When men are knocked out of the pro tected industries Mr. Carruthers suggested they should camp on the seashore and catch fiol), A free-trade journal says that Mr. O'Sul- livan is advising the electors of Queanbeyan to export geese. Very likely. If they fol lowed the Koystono'e advice in Queanbo'yan there will bo no one loft to vote for Palmer. The foroign trade journal that aneors at tho O'Suliivau'a proposal to export geeso advised tbe unemployed not long ago to catch rabbits ior a living. Mr. Raid has beon trotting out a Mr, Campbell, M.LC., at his meetings. People do not soem to know much about Mr. Camp bell. Anyway, let us ask : Who is Campbell ; who is he? Dark, usiatnomed mystery. What of Campbell ; who can say Where he has been stowed away? Slumbered ho for many years Oa the benches of the "Peers?" Now a resurrectod ghost, Reid has got him fair on toast, Tells him he was well-behaved, Only ono among tbe saved ; .And when Raid is sent to rest 'To the club he loves the beat, Campbell will retire apace To anothor, calmer place, To resume his wonted snoro On tho cushions es of yore. People who export coal to San Francisco will learn with mixed fcoiings that tho peoplo there are looking forward to an early supply of local coal. The new field is over six miles long, and ono milo and a quarter wide, and is about 18 miles from navigablo tide water. The managers have mado an offer to deliver to the San Francisco and San Joaquin railways, at the mine, tho en tire snppiy required by them for five years at 2dol. a ton. For the above state ments we are indebted to tbe Sao Francisco Gall. It is thus to tho interest of coal- miners to support a policy that will estab lish local manufactures capablo of consuming a largo output of our Newcastle coal. 