THE BUDGET OF CABLE NEWS.' TO-DAY we complete publication of a week's accumulation of cable messages from London. It is plain that our present system of land line connection with the Eastern Telegraph Company's system of cables is either insufficient or inefficient. It has failed repeatedly. The stress of the weather is too much for it. Perhaps the experiment of communication from the Queensland side will yet have to be tried. Such a delay as has occurred this week is a great source of irritation in the Eastern colonies. The commercial uses of the cable are generally unknown because unseen. The Press service is before everybody's eyes. But there is really an enormous business service. To a very large extent the cable has superseded the mail-ship as a means of conducting the correspondence relating to the exchange of com- modities between Australia and Great Britain. The saving of time is a saving of money. With open communication mercantile houses in the two hemispheres are practically next door to each other. When communication is closed for a week much inconvenience and some loss are caused. Before many years have passed we shall probably have the much-talked-of Pacific cable. But in the meantime it is to be hoped that a more trustworthy connection with the cables landed on the "Western side of the continent will be established. The British atom in the budget which excites the most general interest, interest softened by regret, is the death in mid-air hood of Lord Randolph Churchill. It cannot be said of him that death has extinguished a life of promise. The promise had been extinguished long before paralysis struck him down at Marseilles. Lord Randolph was conquered by enemies who lurked in his own character. His equipment of intellectual gifts eminently fitted him for a political career. He was a brilliant debater and platform speaker. He was marvellously well-informed, A horn aristocrat, he yet had the power of winning a hearing from the masses. He always find a " popular" way with him. But he lacked those higher and more solid qualities which have added so much dignity and strength to Mr. Arthur Balfour. Under the severe tests of time Lord Randolph Churchill proved to be vastly inferior to Mr. Ralli 'at. His road, showy gifts enabled him to spring more rapidly to the front; he led the House of Commons in 1886 ; but with a daring ambition or rockloBS petulance he threw away that leadership, virtually challenging' Lord Salisbury for the leadership of the Tory party, and in so doing throw away his career. He never did more than amuse the nation afterwards. Mr. Balfour took his place, and held it without trying to hold it, by the simple force of superior character. Lord Randolph occasionally made a speech that all England listened w and admired. But there it all ended. If he had many of the makings of a statesman, he failed to become one. No man can become an English statesman who is not personally trusted. The Great Britain which has been led in politics by such men as Gladstone and Salisbury, Rosebery and Balfour, demanded more from Lord Randolph Churchill than he could give. And yet it is impossible to think of the wonderful future which seemed to extend beforohim in 1886 without feeling regret for a disappointing and (doubtless) disappointed life. Our latest message states that the English and foreign journals publish laudatory and regretful notices of the deceased politician. On Friday of last week Lord Rosebery unfolded the Liberal plan of campaign at a meeting of the National Liberal Federation. There is to be an appeal to the country before the end of the year, and the programme of sessional measures keeps the big event very distinctly in view. Disestablishment of the Welsh and Scotch Churches, payment of members, liquor traffic reform, and one man-one- vote. Such a programme of measures might be described as a scheme for uniting the various sections and allaying the discontent of the Liberal party on the eve of the general elections. Each of those measures will carry big vote; only one of them has the ghost of a chance of passing into law except as part of a comprehensive policy ; but all of them are of profound concern to their respective sections. The probability is that this programme will constitute a very strong bond of union. It will certainly bind the Opposition together, and provoke it to a full display of its activity and strength. The fighting platform is very broad indeed. Besides these measures of disestablishment and democracy there are the questions of Home Rule and of the readjustment of the relations between Lords and Commons. The elections will be a big battle, one of the biggest in British history. If the Government succeed in getting their measures through the Commons all of them, with possibly the exception of the liquor bill, will assuredly be rejected by the Lords. They are hateful to the Tory party. They would be defeated in the Commons if the Tories' strength or tactics could manage defeat. Rejection by the Lords will fill up the cup of their iniquity, and then will be introduced into the Commons the mysterious resolution which is to mark and make a new departure in history. The war news includes a definite account of another Japanese victory. An army of 12,000 Chinese attacked the Japanese in the vicinity of New Chwang, but it was another Chinese mistake. The list of casualties is a further repetition of the old story : fifty Japanese and nine hundred Chinese killed. On the other hand, a report reached London on Wednesday that a Japanese attack upon the naval station Wei-hai-wei was repulsed. What is more in favour of the Chinese is the allegation that the severity of the winter is fighting against the Japanese forces in Manchuria. That is quite likely. The Manchurian winter is not a feeble enemy. The Japanese can stand up to the Chinese, but it is a different thing to contend with cold and hunger. The courage of the Chinese is said to have revived now that the climate of their country is a powerful ally, and the departure of envoys of peace has been delayed till it is made clear what effect the climate has had upon the situation. Our latest message of yesterday's London date has no reference to the reported attack upon Wei-hai-Wei, which probably, therefore, was a baseless rumour. It tells quite another story. The Japanese are now said to have effected an unopposed occupation of Ninghan, between Chefoo and Wei- hai-Wei. Another Japanese force has effected a landing at a point of vantage under cover of a snowstorm, proof positive that the Japanese can utilise the winter severities for their own purposes. The whole Chinese Northern fleet is now en- trapped at Wei-hai-Wei, but the Chinese say that the garrison can withstand a prolonged attack. So they said of Port Arthur. We shall see. Up to the present time the Japanese have out-manoeuvred their opponents everywhere, and indeed displayed a skill and resource in strategy which would have been worthy of any of the highly civilised Western nations. From another part of the Pacific an unsuccessful revolution is announced. An attempt in the direction of re-establishing monarchy in Hawaii has failed. But this time the insurrection is not a bloodless one. A dozen of the insurgents were killed, many others wounded, and hundreds captured. The Americans who are govern- ing Hawaii against the will of the Hawaiians are not numerically strong, but they are disciplined and determined, they have arms and ammunition, and they have the moral support of one or more ships of war in the harbour. The probability is that they will hold Honolulu without much difficulty, but the Hawaiians, especially if aided in any way by the 26,000 Japanese who have been imported to work on the plantations, may succeed in organising trouble in Oahu outside the capital, and in the other islands of the group. A turbulent temper has been exhibited by the Japanese for some time past. The present Hawaiian Government are in reality the representatives of the American annexation party in the group. In the event of a final refusal of annexation by the United States the outlook will not be a happy one. The European population is small, and the alliance of the Chinese would be a poor set off to an alliance between the Hawaiians and the Japanese. Meanwhile industry and commerce must be affected unfavourably by the instability in the country's political affairs. From New York we get news of a desperate struggle between tramway men on strike and the forces of law. A road strike is one of the commonest of events in the United States. What is now about those things in our days is that the workers appear to have lost faith in the efficacy of a strike which is unaccompanied and union forced by violence. The old methods have been abandoned. The tactics of quiet resistance are no longer resorted to. Faith has been transferred to a terrorising policy. This has the promise of success for a time, but it quickly disappears. The country soon roiiBos itself to deal with strikers who deliberately chose to be robbers, destroyers, and murderers. It cannot afford to tolerate lawlessness and outrage If the troops had refused to disperse them, the rioters would have been dispersed by the citizens. It is inconceivable that the commercial metropolis of the United States would allow itself to be dominated by such a mob. 