THE PROSPECTOR'S FATE. A MYSTERY OF THE DESERT. That veteran, Colonel Whitehead, is a story-teller'from way baok and- bas a reputation as araconteur that spreads over a di zen Western S ates and- Territories, and from the waters Of the'Atlantic to those of the Pacific. He has had/ innumerable thrilling adventures, both in war and in peace, and when in the proper humor he will spin yarns of the most absorbing interest by the hour. One story that be related as we were jogging along behind the mules oh a recent trip to the undoubted gateway of sheol (ie, the sulphur banks of Kern County) is so uncanny and strange that I will venture to repeat it, ' Some three years ago (said the eolonel) I was engaged in making a survey from Rogers, on the Mojave Desert, to Antioeh. We had made rapid progress toward Fort Tej*n Pass, and it became necessary to check- np the line," measuring distances from Government corners, that the road might be accurately located upon the filing map. Tbis work was assigned to an odd genius, whom ! will call "Buck," a man past 65j as tough as a knot and as wicked as a pirate. Frequently he would set hiB* xicketty old transit with the lens wrong end to, and after trying to locate the flag for fifteen or twenty minutes he would discover his error, and then such swearing as he indulged in is rarely heard outside the forecastle of a man-of-war. I sometimes think the strange manifestation which I am about to relate to you might have been due to Buck's profanity. Certainly, if man can Itave power to summon spirits, evil or good, from the netber world Buck ought to have had that power in no email measure. I began the inspection of the survey preparatory to the right-of-way work, starting atBogers, a desolato station on the A. and P. road, on the borders of an Immense dry lake, We made our first camp some fifteen miles west of that poirt. The regular survey camp was at this time near Gorman's Station, under the shadows of Mount Frszier. Our camp was a rude settlerV cabin, and near it was a shack barn with alittle bay stored in it A well oJfoidygoo4 prater goto ty inade fortab'e camp a possibility. It was late in October, and the water had risen' near the surface in the bed of the dry lake. We hfed eaten our supper the first night out, and were having a quiet smoke, looking out over the desolate expanse of desert toward Lanoaster,a station on the Southern Pacific-road some twenty-five or thirty miles to (he south-west Buck had been entertaining us with yarns about ghosts that he insisted haunted an old mining camp near Owens Like, and was Inclined to feel hurt because I laughed at his tales. When darkness came on and only the outlines of the gaunt mountains across the desert were discernible in the starlight. Buck of a sudden said, " Colonel, I never thought an engine headlight could be seen so plainly at Lancaster." " Nor did I," was the reply, as I saw close to the ground at a distance difficult to estimate, a round, strange-colored light or ball of fire, very like a locomotive headtight A moment's watching, however, sdon convinced me that the light was erratic in its movements, and was nothing more or less than a grand display of the " ignis fatuus," or will o' the wiBp, something I had seen many times at the ends of the spars or mastheads of a ship at se6, but never on land or in such magnitude. I-said to Buck: "it's no headlight. It's one of your ghosts come to convince me of the truth of your storieB." He turned white as a sheet and grasped me by the arm, saying, "It's coming dead.for ns, sure as we live." And 80 it wasj dancing up Bnd down it came nearer, and nearer. I must confess it made even ine a triflu rervoos, while as for Buclf he evidently^took my joke about the ghoits in dead 'earnest and was completely, panic-stricken. " For God's sake!" he cried, " le| us get out of this," and was oh the point of jumping up and running off into the desert, when all of a sudden the light disappeared and was seen no more that night. Buck finally quieteddown, though I could see by bis nervousness and frequent quick glances in the direction in which the light had appeared that he was still in dread of its re-appearanco. I discussed the matter with him for hours, trying to explain the real nature of the phenomenQQ. th|t no $>o&ibl;$ haiiu could come of it But he wonld sot haT« it that way, and all that I could say did not influence his BuperstitiouB dread of the strange appearance. Colonel," he said," it's a hoodoo. This railroad scheme and its promoters will die suddenly, sure!" I laughed at his fears, and we laid down to rather a rcstlefs night. The work in this section waB not completed next day in time to return to the main camp, and half a dozen times in the course of the work Buck spoke about the " ghosts " as be persisted in calling- the phenomenon, and he was even more muddled than usual in his manipulation of the transit. Finally bis slowness caused night to come on before onr task was completed, and we therefore returned at dusk to the same camping-place as the night before. After we had eaten supper Buck said : " Colonel, I never want to see that infernal light again. Ghosts or no ghosts, it's no good, and no luck will come of it." The words were scarcely out of his mouth when, apparently not more than a hundred yards away, the huge ball of fire appeared like a flash, dancing up and down and seemingly coming dead towards us. Now Buck became almost beside himself with terror. " Let's go, and the quicker the better," shouted my now tboroughlyalarmed companion, but suddenly as on the previous night, the light vanished. Buck then recovered some portion of his equanimity, and though he was still anxious to return to camp I finally persuaded him there was danger that we would lose our way if we ventured out on the desert after dark, while if we remained there was nothing to be afraid of. .Nei'her of us slept much, however, for I must confess I had a 6ort of " creepy ' sensation myself, and we got up early n^xt morning, completed our work and made an early start back to oamp While we were on the road Back said— " Colonel, I don't want to discourage you, but the people who are at the bead of this scheme to build a competing railroad will die suddenly and this work will: stop. In feet, I wonldn't wonder if you and I both went over the range with them to keep them company, bnt they are goiag sure I" " How little you know,** I replied, and I could say no more, as my backers were then unknown. - Now let me tell you the strange sequel. The very same week that Buck made bis prediction the Barings Ailed; Early in November Henry D. Minot, the leading spirit and financial head of the enterprise, 1 was killed in a railroad accident while re- . turning from Washington, D.C., where he had concluded the purchase of General Beale's ranches in every detail, save tbe passing ot the papers and paying the money, the intention having been to subdivide that immense estate of 264,000 acres. On thanksgiving day of the same month came orders to close the work, discharge everybody, and break camp. The following year Allan Manvel, president of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe road, died after a brief illness, he having been the second backer of this great enterprise, and soon followed the death of Mr. Magonn of the great banking- house of Baring, Magoun, and Company, the third and last of the promoters of a rival railroad to the Southern Pacific system. " What became of Buck ?" I asked as the colonel paused. '* Buck ? Just read that clipping," and the colonel took from his pocket-book a worn bit of newspaper and handed it to me. It read as follows :— " Bagdad, Colorado Desert, January 15, 1889.—An old prospector and surveyor, known as 'Buck' Pomeroy disappeared mysteriously from his camp at this place three days ago, end no trace of fcim has been found, fie was in company of two friends, and was apparently in good health and spirits. They all retired as customary early in tbe evening, but in the morning Buck was missing, and diligent search has failed to find him. He went away just as he was rolled in his blankets—barefooted and half-dressed. One cf the men said he thought he heard Buck's voice in the night saying something about some ghosts'being after him, but be thought it was a dream, and so paid no attention to it. Bnck haB evidently joined that innumerable caravan of men whose bones whiten the remote sections of the desert-, and; wi'l tdoubfless remain for ever without burial." I folded up the clipping and returned it to the eolonel. "He put it back in'his pocket-book without a word. lor pure con) water, use the GOEDON CASVAS Fp TBR- AM StoWkeeperf, •' " 