DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT. MYSTERY. — S - BY THOMAS COBB, h Author of "The House by the Common," " Wed.lerburn's Will," " The Westlakcs," Ste. j j Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Sf Bowden, Ltd. [AUI SIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IX. LIZZIE HAS A FRIGHT. Wealth, the political eboiiomiMts tell lis, ie the reault of labor, abstinence, and risk. Joe dodger was fulfilling each condition. His labor might almost as well be hard labor; for abstinence, save a few stolen visits to. the village inn, he might have beeii a member of the Blue Ribbon Army; and as to risk j were not Mrs Cawdrey's watchful eyes eVer upon him 1 *' What with one blessed thing . and another," he said, with a yawn, "a joker wouldn't be no worse off on the mill." This at half-past one o'clock on Saturday^ morning, as he stood upon a chair, peering through the hayloft' window into the front garden. A quarter of an hour later his attention became more fixed. He distinctly heard the front door open, and flattening his nose against the pane, risking his neck by standing upon tip- toeB, watched until he saw the same a tiff, clumsy figure, veiled as closely, her large white hands bare, walking back and foith In front of the hall door. Having formed a theory, he burned to test it. If she did not quit the garden, he could not effect his purpose; and, {judging from past experience, it might be some time before he found another opportunity. Presently, ceasing her walk to and fro, she went to the gate, and stood there as if hesitating whether or not to pass through it. " That's all right 1" Joe exclaimed. Making up her mind at last, she set forth in the direction of the churchyard; and, descending from his perch, Joe struck a match, took a few tools from his tin box, went downstairs, and stopped outside the .draw* log-room window. To push back its fastener was.the work of a few seconds, -and onoe within the room, lie crept noiselessly toward the door. Easy to force this if it were locked, but not without leaving traces, and this he felt extremely desirous not to do. His teeth chattered as his cold fingers nasped the handle. The door opened, .and with cat-like tread Joe stole npBtairs' finding the way barred, he retraced his steps, and this jtime approached the door of Owen's bedroom. Beads of sweat stood upon his forehead, and his knees knocked together, -as he stood listening. His next step was full of risk. He felt certain that he should find it empty; but, after ill, Joe was but human, his theory might be a mistaken one, and if Owen were there, his whole game would be inevitably spoiled. Gripping the handle with his left hand, his right upon the *' jemmy " in his ^ pocket—a handy weapon as well as an invaluable tool—Joe cautiously inrned it, and going dotirn upon all-fours, crawled towards the bed with his heart In 3iismonth. At its side he stopped, straining his ears to listen. His hand trembled as he struck a match, shading it so that the light fell upon the bed. It was nnoccapied; the clothes had not. been disturbed. ~ Upon it lay the black coat in which Owen had dined. Once safely in his own room again, he took off his collar, lighted his pipe, and sat down upon the edge of the bed to reflect. What did it all mean ? Owen's room empty; the woman prowling about the village! If nobody occupied the upper floor, why all this mystery concerning it ? Quite conceivably Mis Oawdrey might convey food and other necessaries upstairs; yet Joe had been onthe alert, Sarah also had been observant, from different motives; and neither had ever seen her pass through the door. Joe was no nearer the solution of the mystery than ever, but of one thing he felt no doubt; there was money in it j there must be money in it—a lot of money. But before he could put the screw on he must see his way a little more clearly. And he determined to .stay, and dig in the garden, and clean the boots, and keep his ferret eyes open. ' The following Monday Florence was alone in the drawing- room when Owen entered, and, after a few casual remarks, inquired about Ann. " She is muoh worse," was the answer. " She oan hardly be left night or day now. Dr. Viret is very anxious." "Iam sorry," he said. "I felt afraid I should not hear she was better. You see, it served as an excuse for calling." Surely none was necessary, Mr Fairford!" "Asop to one's conscience. It sounds wretchedly weak, yet, nevertheless, it iB a fact. I have no badness to come." " Fet you are here ?" " One's very being cries out for a little indulgence sometimes. Of course, it has to be paid|for; still, one takes the risk." She bade him good- bye, perhaps less oordially for this last speech. He ought not to speak like that. Not that she felt actually annoyed, only it rendered intercouse mere difficult. „^nd why had he no business to come to see her ? And tins being so, then why did he come? Well, it was not difficult to guess, but she wished the words unnttered. That evening Ann appeared so much worse that -Florenoe wished, to summon Dr. Vitet. But the siok wpman Implored her to refrain. " Doctoring isn't any use to me, -any more than it was to the dear mistress," she said. *' I'm past all that, Miss Floy; and, tfiMilr Clod, there's no one here to take you away, as they took me from her. It isn't the dying' 1 fear," she added, presently; «• I'm not afraid to die; only It's the pun drivea me mad, it does." Florence yielded so for as not to send for Dr. Viret, but towards one o'clock Ann became very restless, and she determined to delay no longer, believing at the moment that the last Sour had come. Kow librae, the red-haired housemaid, jvas bora in Bookfield, and had never been arther than ten miles from its church. In aett Air Mogferd, senior^ had occupied the esponsible post ot grave-digger for a great umber of years. But no amount of family .arity with the village oould reoonclle her to the expedition to The Laurels at half-past one o'clock' in the morning which Florence now fologiiaaodl,. However/ ahe oonld not disobey Miss Derwfent, and leaving a xsaadle burziing on Dne of $3te two -«arved b&^ohairs in the Sail, ahe opened thB door and set forth. Aquarter of an hour later' there wtm a- 4pud pealf&'the bell, and. after rousing the 'ttotik, a Woman d timid £eou»eraxneht, ji^orenee, lest It ahould be^pmted and disturb Ami, who mw showedtendency to *rejrt to.open % dow tonelf, -TU HafaiBWie^ -am ifcawlazxie Bu8hi^6aatitiSy into the slalilitl^-®^ ^ " I couldn't go out again to save my own life, let ialone Ann's!" the girl replied, between her sobs. *'0 Lord I I nearly ran atop of her 1" " Ran on the tt>p<of Whom f "I don't know, Miss Floy. A great big, tall woman, walking like a ghost or in her sleep." Lizzie shivered from head to foot. "She had great white hands—O Lord !— and the face was hid by a veil; and when I shrieked, just give me a look, and walked on, taking no more notice " «'«For goodness sake," cried the cook, from the staircase, " do lock the door!" "Hot yet," answered Florence, trying hard to speak steadily. " If-—if Ann is not better, I must go littj^elf." But it was a great relief to find Ann asleep on reaching her room, and to be able to reconcile herself to letting Dr. Viret remain undisturbed till the morning. CHAPTER X. ARNOLD DERWENT, "Why ever didn't you send for me before J" was Dr Viret's first question on leaving Ami's room at eleven o'clock Tuesday morning. " I did send," Florence answered, as she entered the study, " but—" " Nobody came 1" " I sent lizzie; but when she got as far as the church, she saw somebody—took flight, and ran back again." "Nonsense, nonsense, Florence!" "Well she insists that she nearly ran against a tall woman in black, and, of course, she n\ust have seen somebody." "Whdth fcould she.see?" he demanded. " \yho would be likely to Walk about the village at that time oi night} All nonsense." " A somnambulist, nerhaps. self, want medical man, though you haven't asked for advice. Ton must just pack up and come to the Laurels." " Don't think me ungrateful," Bhe said. "It isn't a question of gratitude. I've told the housekeeper to get your room ready." "But I can't possibly leave Ann, Dr Viret." " H'm !" he ejaculated. " I forgot Ann. I suppose you can't leave her very well. Still, Ann's days are numbered, I'm afraid; and, in any case, you can't stay here for ever." "Mr Edwards said (I could fctay until Arnold's return," she replied. " Your cons in can't arrive for another month at least. Not then, if there's any delay in receiving Edwards's letter " As he was speaking the doer opened. "Mr Derwent—" Lizzie began, when, in a state of intense excitement, Florence rushed towards the hall. " Father ? father V' she exclaimed, when Dr Viret laid his hand upon her arm as she reached the threshold. " My dear child! It must be yoiy cousin. Can't you speak, woman ?" he added, turning fiercely upon the servant. " Mr Arnold Derwent, doctor." " Then why cotildn't you say BO." Without waiting for Lizzie's answer, Florence rah Into the hall, and almost into the arms of a short, broad- shouldered, fair young man,' who, coming eagerly towards her, a pleasant smile upon his frank-looking face, seized both hands, and kissed her. His face was deeply tanned, almost to match his light moustache,. When Florence bade him good-bye some months ago, he had worn a beard, at first the difference made by its absence struck her forcibly. His tweed suit showed signs of wear and tear, -whilst his pale blue eyes rested upon Florence in evident satisfaction. For through good report and evil report Arnold had never ceased to love Ids cousin—In a manner. If he was not a prey to any deep heart-burning during absen9e t he felt exceedingly glad to see Florence again. His affection cud not rob him of flesh or colour, nor prevent him from enjoying life. He possessed a big heart, and she might reign in it without ruling alone. But he felt remarkably glad to see her face once more ; and she felt glad to see Arnold, albeit she wished that he had not reverted to the mode of greeting of earlier years. " I can't tell you how pleased I am." she cried, shaking his hands heartily! " I have longed for your return, although I hardly dared hope for it yet awhile." "You don't know how I've longed to get back, Floy," he answered, quite as enthusiastically. " Every day since I said good-bye, I have looked forwaid to this. How are you, Floy? All right? As for me, I never felt better." Releasing her hands, he turned towards Dr Viret, and remembering that she had >made the doctor's acquaintance only after Arnold's departure, she introduced the two men, and led the way to the study. Naturally cooler than either of the others, Dr Viret at once grasped the fact that Arnold must have left the Cape before the delivery of Mr Edwards's letter informing him of Mr Derwenfs disappearance, of which, therefore, he was probably, ignorant. Desirous as ever to spare Florence's feelings, he laid a- hand on Arnold's arm IRS she entered the room, and, lowering his voice almost to a whisper, said— "You have only just reached England, Mr Derwent? It seems odd to call you that. * " I got to Southampton Saturday night," was the answer. *' I arrived on the Radnor —capital ship." \- " Then," said Dr Viret, still speaking in a whisper, and stopping a few feet from the threshold, " you cannot have heard of your cousin's trouble—of your uncle's disappearance ? " Arnold entered the study as he replied, making no attempt to keep his words from Florence, who stood wondering why the two men hung behind. " Oh, I have heard all about It," he said, quite cheerfully. " It was the first thing I saw at the hotel at Southampton—the advertisement, of the reward, I mean. A- regular knock-down blow for a chap." He looked as if he had picked himself up again very successfully. " Yes; directly I took up a newspaper, there was the advertisement staring me In the face; and all Saturday night I couldn't sleep for thinking of it. Yesterday morning I took an early train to London .; but old Edwards kept me >»«wglng about all the morning, and I thought I would not show up here till to-day." Consoious bf the lightness of her oousin's tone, feeling that he failed to realise the full extent «f the disaster, Florence became ossessed by a desire to bring the tragedy tome more forcibly to his mind. "Oh, Arnold," she exclaimed, "it was dreadful to lose him in that way—without a single word of warning. Here at eleven o'clock on Tuesday night—the next morning vanished off the face of the earth, leaving.no trace, np sign, nothing to afford us the alightestidiie." "Qf course, it was enough to turn your brain, Floy," he answered, twirling his light-hrown moustache. " An awful shook for you—enough to knook you np altogether.. Upon my worttj Tm awfully sorry for you. n Something in ; hiB manner fell abort of satisfying her. She wanted to see him pntpedyimpEened. - " You are -iony for him too, Arnold? Thinkof ajl hu goodness to you- to me, to eve^body!. Itna^ne that, and then lay to unsjgjtofnaftke. Oh, it is terrible 1" . "Ajitls,"herepUed; "terrible. I fed it av&oHyinyjtalf.; Hot ad much as yrin do, ioloopne. "Kfferenceswill occur in the best reeulated familiee, yon know,*' lie added, iaanWxxmoe^a tearful faoe towards I )rot^n> aeeit at the time. :tb3miv«aidl ^ to. I was the one to blrffity and if he were here, I'd tell him ao." ^ 4 1 Unfortunately, he isn't here," Dr Viret snapped ont, "I suppose you Intend to stay a little while, Mr Derwent ? " " You bet. You see, doctor, I've got a pretty Btiff job before me. Before"I have done, there's this little mystery to be cleared up." "I knew you would never rest whilst father's fate remained in doubt," cried Florence, glad to be able to approve of something Arnold said. "I knew that. But you will find it very difficult. Sometimes I think v e shall never be any wiser. The police have tried, and given it up. A large reward has been offered, all without avail; and Inspector Holt believes that father is still alive." "Oh," Arnold answered, as he thrust his hands in his trousers pockets, and took a few paces towards the window, "he's dead, right enough. If there's anything certain in this worlds it Is that Uncle Roderick is dead. As for Inspector Holt— I know lime. those johnnies! You leave it to His tone and manner gave rise in Florence to something approaching physical repugnance. For weeks, ever since her father's disappearance, she had eagerly longed for Arnold's return; yet before he had been an hour in the house, she was conscious of a feeling of disgust. And yet this feeling was counteracted by the memory of former happier days, by what may be described as her traditional love for her cousin. "Dr. Viret.did not mince matters. He disliked Arnold cordially from the first, and now turned his back upon him to wish Florence good-bye. " I think I will look in this evening and see Ann again," he said. " Hullo !" cried Arnold, suddenly facing about. "What's the matter with Ann? Ann!" afraid Ann is dying, Arnold." Jove ! you have been going it lately, jn ov First Aunt Alice, then Uncle B 4 tek ' -"v''T^^^T^TI number ; you 11 stop look at Ann." . _ . Dr. Viret stopped on the threBux.., ' assuming his moBt severe demeanour. " I understood you were not qualified." " Oh, all rightj" exclaimed Arnold, easily. "I forgot all about thati But I've done with all that tommy-rot now,- you know. Sorry Ann's ill. Good-bye, doctor; gee yfe'ti to-night, then. Now, Floy," he added, as Dr. Viret left the room, "if you don't mind, I'll have a drink, and then you shall tell me all details. I've heard old Edwards's account, but there's nothing like going to the fountain head. I say, how do you like me without my beard ?" " Yon don't look so much like father, Arnold." Now, save that one was a young man and the other growing old, the resemblance between the uncle and nephew had been remarkable. Both had the same short, thick figures, both were' high-Bhouldered and snort- necked, both had curly brown hair, and up to the time of Arnold's departure from England both had worn a moustache and short beard. Arnold's regular features and the peculiar square formation of the brow were almoBt grotesquely like his uncle's; and whilst in the matter of character and disposition no two) men could be more opposite, from living together far several years, perhaps, even their voices and gait were similar. CHAPTER XL ARNOLD DISCUSSES THE FUTURE. " I suppose one may smoke in the house now," said Arnold, when Ids immediate w&nts; hjul been supplied 4 and although, remembering her ^ father's' pronounced antipathy to tobacco, Florence wished her cousin had refrained, she gave the required permission, and, sitting down in the armchair by the writing-table, gave a detailed account of all. the circumstances attending Mr Derwent's disappearance as far as they were known to her. ''Then," he said, whenjshe concluded, "nobody heard him leave"the house that night?" "Not a sonL" "And no—no -suspicious person, no stranger was seen about the village?" Only the men who broke into Colonel AskeVs house," she answered. " At least, they were not seen, but, of course, we know they were there." "I wonder whether they saw anything," he muttered, staring at a cloud of tobacco -Smoke. "As a matter of fact, then, no one is actually suspected—there's no evidence against anybody at alL" "Not a particle. None has come to light since. The whole affair is enveloped in mystery. Inspector Holt may be right, and father be still alive. I try and try to think it is so, but I can't succeed; and yet— oh, Arnold] I can't quite cease to hope, either." " Whafs the good of prolonging the agony, Floy? Take my advice, make up your mind to the worst, and have done with it. Ten chances to one, Holt is a Juggins. Now I have oome back I'll try to cheer you up a bit." "Of course you did not receive Mr Edwards's letter," she said. "You could not have received it. How fortunate you happened to return, Arnold I The letter might never have reached you." " I fancy it would have taken it all its time, You see, I didn't stick at one place. I never was very stationary, was I ? A rolling 8tone—bat I'm going in for moss now." *' What put the idea of returning Into your head?" she asked. "Did you—did you feel that something had happened ? I suppose it is superstitious to say so, but I do Sieve one does feel that sometimes." He laughed quietly. Arnold Derwent's laugh was always pleasant to hear. "It is superstitious—rather, Floy. Oh, no, I wasn't favoured with any spiritual warning. Not a bit of it." He paused a moment and leaned forward, whilst he refilled his pipe. " Can't you guess what brought me home, Floy f She quickly put the question aside by asking another. "When—when did you leave the Cape, Arnold ?" He thought that the flush which dyed her face from the roots of her fair hair to the black collar of her dress suited her well. " Let me see—about two months ago," he replied, and Florence noticed that he seemed suddenly to show signs of embarrassment. " But I thought you arrived at Southhampton only the day before yesterday?" Bhe said, in some surprise. " How long does it take ooming from the Cape ?—not two months, surely?" His embarrassment seemed to increase: he uncrossed bis legs and shifted his position, then crossed them again, and smoked for a few moments in silence. "I'll tell you the truth, Floy." "Well," she returned, "one hardly expects anything else." " Ah, but you don't always get what you expect. I could just as easily put you off with a <nam as not. The fact is, I stayed behind at Teneriffe. Yon Bee, I managed to pick up a little coin at the diamond fields." "I thought you went out to join the Mounted Police ?" " That waB Uncle Roderick's idea, not mine. When I landed at Natal, I made my Way to Kimberley, and, as I was saying, I picked up a little money. Not a great deal; just a little. But I got a bit homesiok, and thought I would like to see you again, and off I started and took a passage on the first ship, the 'Sterling Castle.' You know what a Johnny I am, Floy. Honor bright, I meant coming straight to England with the oonfonnded ooin in my pocket. Now, I thought, IT! show Uncle Boderick what I am made of. Ill go back to Sebastian, get my M.R.C.S., and theS I'll just run down to Rook field and—well, you can guess the sequel. Floy. That's what I meant to do/' " What did yon do ?" Florence Inquired. " Well, I—I disembarked at TenertSe. Why on earth can't a fellow do what hd makes up his mind to do! That's whit beats me. The fact is, I haven't got enough ballast. Uncle Boderick often said I was deficient in that way, only he made a mistake in rowing me for it, as if I could help it I didn't fit myself out; I'm made ~that way, and there's an end of it. After all, a man is a creature of circumstances, Floy." " Some men, I suppose." Florence's thoughts wandered for a moment to Owen Fauford." "I am, at all events. I never pretend to be better than I am. What iB the use ? But I tell you this, Floy, and it's the -truth; you could make what yon liked out of me," "You were going to explain why you didn't come straight to England, Arnold." "I wish I had. I Bhould be a lump better off. There was the confounded money burning a hole in my pocket; crying to be spent. At first I thought I wouldn't go ashore, and I stood by the bulwarks watching the other passengers getting into the boat, telling myself all the time I would be a brick, and trying to fix myself by thinking of you, Floy, when, somehow, 1 deola red don't know quite how, I found myself in the boat, and—well, when I got ashore, I— I went in for a jolly good spree, and missed the ship, and was left behind, and came on later by the 1 Radnor.' " It was all said so frankly, so goodhumoredly, and Arnold looked so handsome, that the incident seemed almost to redound to his credit. If it betrayed weakness, it appeared an amicable weakness, and Florence probably would not have thought worse of him. What aroused her repugnance, and made her feel actually antagonistic, was not this account of his fickleness, which might be quite consistent with all that was generous and manly, but rather the callousness with which he had treated her father's catastrophe, and an evident and entire lack of sympathy. "And now you have come, Arnold?" she «sked. "1 a^ wing to Btay." fcha " I didn't m^: t - °/.i° n ™ e ^Vl 11 stay. But about your ^ahfication ? do hope you will go back to the "Not I," he answered. "Wha*,? the good of that now?" " You say you left the Cape with that intention ?" " So I did, but everything is altered for the better, you see. Of course, I had no idea of what was going to happen to uncle then; how could I have? Of course, it's rather rough on you, though we will discuss that by-and-by; but there's the fact— I am Uncle Roderick's heir." " If he is dead, Arnold." " Oh, but you know he must be dead. Didn't you say yourself that you were unable to hope?" " Yes, I did," she answered. " I know I am inconsistent; it is difficult to explain how I feel. I hardly know quite how I feel. But when Inspector Holt or anybody else tried to persuade me that father might be alive, I saw the impossibility of his being alive and remaining absent, and I could not agree with them. And yet when I hear anyone take his death absolutely for granted, then in very despair my heart cries out for some shred of hope, and I think of the facts, and tell myself there iB no absolute proof yet. Neither is there, Arnold." " I admit It, Floy. There is no absolute proof. But I tell you this: it will be my business to find some. That's what old Edwards said. I had got - to catch my hare Before I conld kill it." "You mean you have to catch father's murderer," she said, with a shudder of disgust. . " If he was murdered." " Ifs like this, Floy. I don't care a red cent about the murderer, if he was murdered, as you say. The murderer may go hang for me, or unhung. What I do care about, and what I intend to find, is proof of Uncle Roderick's death." "Yet, "she urged, "the police failed so conspicuously that Inspector Holt was forced to the conclusion that father was still alive." " There's thiB difference between Holt and me, Floy. To him it's a mere matter of business, to me it's one of life or death, so to speak. I want the money." (To be Continued). 