SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BY SKIFP BOBLASE, Author of " For True Love's Sate," " Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death, "".^p Ocean Secret," " Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" " The Police Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LXXXL THE CUPIDITY THAT SUCCEEDED DESPAIB. IIES. BADCLIFFE'B FIBMNESS. It was then that Mr. Radeliffe cursed and •wore, and wished that he was in the dead man's place. FickingupGreenwood's dropped pistol he,in the agony of hie remorse, attempted to blow out his own brains therewith, and undoubtedly would have done so had the weapon been loaded with anything more penetrating than powder. He next tore open the mattress, and tossed the flock and the glittering coins which he had only just secreted therein, all about the room, spitting at and cursing the latter whenever their yellow sheen caught his eye, Thus was he discovered by Mrs. Radoliffe directly she oonld summon sufficient courage to enter the room from which for nearly five minutes she had heard such fearful sounds proceeding; and no sooner had she opened the door than Dewdrop flew out past her with a lugubrious howl, caused through terror at the conduct of his master. The poor lady'a horror and alarm at sight of a dead man, and, as she conoeived, a raving mad one, were intense. But a second glance at the prostrate form showed her who he had been, and then the feelings and the anxiety of the mother rose, superior to everything else, and ehe gasped*' out— " Oh, Rnth, where is she ?" " Murdered, woman, and by me, her own father," roared back her husband. " And for what?" he added fiercely, "Why, for this acoursed dross that you now see me scattering about in hate and loathing. I tell you that I murdered her. That man didn't do it. He'd have given her back to us, but I slew him rather than he shonld possess this—this which wasn't even my own, and might never have been my own either." Great beads of perspiration bedewed his brow, his eyeB seemed to be starting from their sockets, and MB face was perfeotly cadaverous as he thus raved, but Mrs. Radeliffe seemed to be neither affected by the sight nor by the more ghastly figure that lay stretched along the floor. Her fears for her daughter overcame and absorbed all other terrors, causing her to exclaim, almost impatiently— " He was an armed burglar, and he has met a burglar's doom; but before he died did he give you no clue whatever to help in the discovery and the recovery of our child !" "No, yes, I don't know what you are jabbering about, woman. If it's worth saying again say it, and if not hold your peace." " Did he give you no clue to help us to discover Ruth, before—he died !" "'Chapel—buried'—that was all he said. Absurd, how could she be buried in a ohapel ? The vindictive scoundrel need his last breath to put us on a wrong scent; and yet I'm the worst of the two—the worst of the two— thinking only of the gold—the gold—and it is not my own either, and Howarth might not have given me half of it—no, not even half of it." "Do think of something else than the gold for awhile. Greenwood's lost words may not be so absurd as you suppose. Let us go downstairs and weigh them over. It may be brutal towards the dead, but I cannot at present think of any one or anything except Ruth. Come out of this room, and shut the door behind you, and then let us plot and plan together over the fire downstairs." " Aye, and over the brandy—the brandy. Brandy or poison, nothing except those two things will ever ease me again, and of the two I—I—I give the choice to brandy," replied old John, in tones as though he was settling a most knotty problem. In the midst of it Mrs. Radeliffe managed to get him out of the chamber of death, for his mind was to unhinged that he didn't rightly know what he was about. Seated once more in hiB armchair in the comfortable dining-room, and with one glass of stiff brandy and water swallowed and a second got a little more than halfway through in dead silence, old John brightened up enough to be able to exclaim in peevish accents— "Well, what did you say about a chapel 3" As though he oould have buried our dear girl in a chapel. Even a church would have sounded more reasonable, for a church is a guesome enough place ofttimeB; but a comfortably pewed, pulpited, galleried chapel, with never such a thins as a vault, a deadhouse, or a graveyard concected with it, why the notion's too absurd for even an idiot or a lunatic to entertain." " Then I must be an idiot or a lunatic, for I entertain it. People don't tell falsehoods with their last breath, and I'm sure the old house in Ghost Lane is a likely place enouch." " What has the old house in Ghost-Lane got to do with a chapel," snapped out old John, in a voice almost like the bark of a dog. " Well, it was a nunnery once upon a time, wasn't it, and hadn't all nunneries chapels ?" answered Mrs. Radeliffe. " Oh, ah, yea, chapels of a sort certainly, but what of that?" "What of that? Why, can you conceive a more likely building for Ruth to be imprisoned, buried alive in, than that horrible old mansion? Stop a bit, John, for I don't speak without other reasons also, so please to hear them before you interrupt me." " Well, go on, go on." "I will. Rose told me that when she and her companions entered the old boras for conoealment themselves ehe fancied that she heard human footsteps in the rooms above them, but presently set it down to be mere imagination on her part." "As of course it was." "I doubt it, because a little while after, in the cupboard of an upstairs room, from which the footsteps had keen heard apparently receding, a mole candle was discovered in a cupboard, and some particles of food on the floor. That was the candle that she lighted to go downstairs with when she know that the house was broken into, and believed that one or both of her protectors had been killed. As there was little, if any, accumulation of dust upon one Bide of it, it oould not have lain in that cupboard very long, and who would have ventured into the haunted house, and wanted candles and food there, unless they were either refugees, or some such evildoers as Haloamus Greenwood ? " Old John sat very still for a full minute, as though to see whether his wife's convictions would strike root m his own brain or not. When they presently did so he sprang to his feet, and began hobbling up and down the room, exclaiming excitedly the while— " You're not nearly suoh a fool as yon look, Mrs. R. Egad, for a second time in twentyfive years your wits have proved quite as keen, if not keener, than my own. Yoa'va hit the right nail on the head, Mrs. R. Yes, I leel sure that you have. Aye, and we'll have Ruth out of her prison in next to no time, and then who'll have a better claim to the thousand guineas than myself, and I'll—yes, I'll be hanged if I wont go to the expense of buying you a new cap, or, at all events, a yard or two of new riband to trim one with, cut of the money. What do you think of that?" " Oh, John, how could you accept a reward for rescuing from death your own child ?" exolaimed Mrs. Radeliffe, both looking and feeling terribly shooked. "Couldn't i? Well, on second thoughts perhaps I couldn't. It would, of course, be indelicate to aek for such a thing. But then, yon know, it wouldn't be indelicate for Sir Harry to offer it—especially after my—my risking my life in its defence—aa I just now did, you know." "John, John, for heaven's sake encourage natural aff action instead of avarice. Our dear child isn't recovered yet, and after all my oonvictions may be mistaken ones." There, now you go throwing cold water on tho thing, according to your usual most aggravating custom," said old John snappishly. "I don't want you to be too sanguine of success, that's all, John. But I still believe in my ideas, yes, firmly; ana no time must be lost in the endeavonr to reduce them to certainties, for remember the really awful situation that Halcamus Greenwood mors than hinted to Rose that her sister was in. I won't repeat his words, for youmust remember them as well as I do. To save Ruth from death or madness not a moment then must be lost. Folks may not have suoh a superstitious horror of the old house now that they know other human beings have entered into it, and even abided in it in the night-time, and yet suffered nothing from the ghosts that are said to crowd it, and if so, you would be able to get volunteers, even at this hour, to accompany you thither and to searoh ic all over. There is said to be a bottomless pit there. Of course that is aU nonsense, but it may be a very deep one, and it may lead to Ruth's prison, or else be her prison. You should therefore take ropes with you." "Oh dear, I oould never go down a bottom- ISSB hole at the end of a rope, at my time of life; the woman must be mad,"groaned old John. " If yon can't, others can." "And they'd get the thousand guineas, if they found her at the bottom of the bottomless hole." "John, I was never so disgusted with your mean, sordid selfishness in all my life before. I deolare that I'll put on my bonnet and shawl and ran up to the Vicarage, and ask Parson Diok to bestir himself in my poor child's behalf, since her own father doesn't seem to care to act in the matter. If I do, I'm sure that Parson Dick will never again regard you &B; a fellow-man, far less a fellow- Christian." "Shut up, woman. Ill go up to Parson Dick myself. A better advisor under such, circumstances there couldn't be, and if he'll only go with UB he'll be a power of strength in himself, for there are few folks in Rochdale who wocld fear to face even the devil in bis company. Stay, though, Parson Dick would claim the entire thousand if he had a finger in the pie—claim it, with tearBinhis eyes, for his distressed parishioners, and then, like a fraudulent debtor, would pay 'em only a penny in the pound. No, I'll be banged if I'll have anything to do with Parson Dick." " You or I will have a great deal to do with him. John, and that immediately." " Eh, wbat do you dare to dispute my authority ? Have I, or have I not, been accustomed to coerce you into a very proper obedience. Mrs. R. !" roared old John, fishing up his hunting oropout of the corner, and giving a tremendous crack with the thong. '• You used to do it in times when I feared you—but all that was before I knew you—like I do now. Put down that whip then, and go at once to the vicarage; that is to say, nnless you wish to be shamed and disgraced by my going in your stead." " Oh, if yon take that view of the case, of oourse there's nothing more to be said," rejoined Mr. Radeliffe in tones as though he'd suddenly filled his mouth with a huge helping of humble pie. "I'll be off at once, dear. But hadn't I better, before I go, ju9t take a candle upstairs and stuff all those gold gnineas into the mattress again. I can't bear to think that there's BO much gold lying about, especially in suoh unprecedented quantity, my dear." "You called it dross just now, and so it is compared to my darling's life or reason. No, off yon start to the vicarage at once, John. If you like, I will, just to ease your mind, lock the door of that room directly you are gono. and keep the key in my pocket until your return.'' "Oh do, oh do; yes, that will be a good plan—a good plan. But, alas, the window is open also." " I will secure that as well, notwithstanding what's in the room, if you will only start for the vicarage at once. For heaven's sake have the heart and the thoughts of a father instead of a miser for a while. Oh, I wish that I was a man." " I'm sure I should have no objeotion, my dear. Well, I'm off," and hastily donning his hat and overcoat, old John at last started off for the vicarage in downright earnest. Clambering up the wooded hillside from the garden, past and over the very spot where the unfortunate Greenwood had laic and smoked for so many hours whilst meditating on the scheme that had turned out so disastrously for himself, old John, puffing and blowing with the unwonted exertion, at last gained its summit, and a minute or two later was knocking 