SAILING NOTES. , PBIHCE ALFRED TACHT CLUB. Sydney Flying Squadron — An Exciting Race— Ariel 18ft Champion — Sydney Amatear Sailing Club. (By ' Weather-Eye.') To the stranger that entered Sydney Heads yesterday afternoon and took his way up tho ponfc on the comfortable deck of the 3000 tonner, the harbor must have indeed pre sented a novel and exhilarating sight. A sight such as one living in the bush, or away from harbor scenes, imagine only to belong to the quaintly-told fairy stories and Paradise. The north-easter was fresh, and rolled th/e harbor waters into foam-capped beauty, and tne hundreds of small boats under oancas 1 helped to make the picture of enchantment i that the stranger beheld. . 1 The yawl race of the Prince Alfreds, which was to have been sailed yesterday afternoon, fell through owing to lack of entries. i The club sailed off the general handicap, 1 which was held over from last Saturday, in stead. There wore four starters, and the j racing among three of them very interesting. Mabel was virtually scratch boat, but she , did too indifferently on the long beat to Manly to have any chance of giving away the pretty stiff starts allotted by the handicapper. She might have done better if the topsail had been carried on the long thrash, but Mr. Jewett did not drive her in his usual manner, i Mr. O'Brien sailed a very clever race in Norna. The 2^-rater hung on to hor larger rivals in the most stubborn fashion, and she was raced hard all tho way, vory oleverly cutting Lahloo out at the Manly buoy. The ., bard blow seemed to suit the Lane Cove boat to a nicety, and she was the only one to carry her topsail throughout. Bronze wing III. had not a ghost of a chance ? under her painfully restricted sail area. Had the crack 1-rater been allowed to carry her : racing lug she might have made a good race of it with tho others, but as it was she was beaten out of sight. She would have been in. her element in the Sydney Amateurs' rating race, and in the hard blow would have been almost certain to walk off with the first prize. The contest between the 18-footers yester day for the Sydney Flying Squadron Cham pionship, wasva olose one almost from Btart-to finish. Great excitement prevailed amoupjst the spectators throughout the race. One gentle man aboard the Birkenhead went so far as to remark that it was the best race ever sailed in Port Jackson. Skipper Holmes sailed a veey credlitable race throughout, and was materially aosisted in achieving his purpose by his able cre/fv, who compared very favorably with Yvonne's, who were not even up to the usual standard, so far as forward hands are concerned. Yvonne had several narrow squeaks' of cap sizing, but just as everyone was about to sing out 'over' the little vessel righted. There can now be no doubt aa to Y vonne's capabilities, and should she ever sai/l under such favorable circumstanoes as did Ariel yesterday, she will provo too good n match for any boat of- her class, and does her worthy . owner great credit. The 2i-rater Bronzewing had a very soft snap on yesterday. The solid thrash to the Lightship was exactly what the champion wind-eater wanted, and consequently she just paralysed the rest of the fleet. It was a fairly tall performance beating so good a boat as Inez by eleven minutes on such a com paratively short work as that to 1/heahip. Taipo was not quite able to addtanother flag to her long list, failing to do no by 28sec. Netta was very ably handled by E. W. Hey wood throughout. The Sydney Dingy Club held a meeting last Thursday night at Saunders' Hotel, to con sider the admission of S-footers into the club. As a result tha following dlnp-ipj? worn onrollfid on the club's register : — Young Arthur, Our Boys, Our Own, Cora, and Pearlie. Varuna sailed yesterday for the first time with a dagger fin, which, after the result of yesterday's racing, Mr. Paul considers a vast improvement on the old style of centre-board. The fin was cut by Mr. Geo. Tatham, of 50 Clarence- street. Tho s.s. Era, which arrived from Melbourne on Tuesday evening last, brought ou deck a niee little 1£ rater named the Sorais, built by Murray about two years ago to the order of Mr. Frederick Lewis, Melbourne. This builder will be remembered as the one who put together the Assegai, Janet, and other weli known yachts. The dimensions of Sorais are 31ft over alL, 19ft l.w.l., 8ft beam, 3ft deep, or about 5ft Sin with fin down. Ballast consists of bulb fin weighing about a ton ; rig, jib, foresail, and lug. Mr. Lewis intends fitting her up, and doubtless before long our yachtsmen will find out what she can do. Mr. Livingstone Mann, to whom I mado reference last Sunday, I am informed, is still to be seen on the pond no*v and again. He has, I learn, a substantial interest in a 19 footer of the fishing-boat type — a boat called The Tonio. Sydney yachtsmen of to-day should look out for this little vessel when they are on their way to some safe nook for Bhelter, when the nor'-easter is blowing a breeze just sufficient for Mark Foy's boats to beat to Tayior Bay. If they do they might get a glimpse of Mann — a yachtsman of two or three years ago. In the above paragraph I use the word nook. I think it very suitable in its conjunc tion with the doings of our bold yachtsmen. Nook I great Neptune, has it come to this. Whilst I appreciate the enthusiasm of Mr. Moir, the successful Westralian, in wishing to pay the piper for Australian competition for the America's Cup, yet I must say I am not in favor of his methods. He proposes having a yacht built in England, and sailed to America for the purpose. Now why should the yacht be built in England ? If the representation is to be thorough, the boat should be designed and built here, and Bailed to America, and in the race by Australians. If the boat were built in England as proposed, and she wins, then the win will belong to the old country and not to this. And utider the circumstances we don't want the credit. I am sure Sydney yachtsmen will agree with me in this. 