I LAW REPORT. -. SUPEEME COURT.-TmraSDAY, FEBEUABY 21. In Banco.-(Before the CHIEF .T.snaE, Mr. Jutuce INNES, «iirf Mr. Justice OWEN.) EE OHABLE3 BOND, N. F. GIBLIN (API-ELLANT), MilîION BOND (EESrONDENT)-(PAItT HEAIID). Sir Julian Salomons, Q C , AÍr Garland, and Mr It K Manning, instructed by Messrs Macnamara and Smith appeared for N Î" Giblin, the appellant and official asaigneo of the estate of Charles Bond and Mr Knox and Mr Mack, instructed by Mr Lewis Levy, for the respondent, Marion Bona lhiß was an appeal from the order of Mr Justice Manning, in bankruptcy, dated 1-ith November last On tho 8th November Mr Giblin, as official assigueo of the bankrupt estate of Charles Bond, moved, under Bection 130 of tho Bankruptcy Act, for an order declaring void as against the official assignee a memorandum of agreement and equitable mortgage over certain land, situate at George's Uiver and at Coogee, and given on or about the oth February last by the bankrupt to respondent Marion Bond Applicant further asked for an ardor directing respondent to do all things necessary to vest tho lands in the official ajsiguoo, and to restrain her from in any way dealing with tho lands Mr Justice Manning dismissed the appli- cation, with costs and the official assignee now appealed on tho grounds already Btated I he arguments having boen concluded The CHIFF TUSTICE said that this matter as to tho effect of the bankruptcy laws was very important and as it was the urst timo tho Court had had an opportunity of giving a decision upon the points at issue, judgment would be reserved PROUDFOOT AND OTHERS V BURT Mr Langer Owen mstruoted by Messrs Perkins and Williams, appeared for the plaintiffs (appellants), and Mr Knox, instructed by Mr Ayrault Burns, for the rosnondent ^defendant) This was an appeal by tho plaintiffs against the order of Mr Justice Man- ning, dated the 30th November Tho plain- tiffs, George Proudfoot and James Fletcher (tho former being administrator of the estate of David Proudfoot deceased) brought a suit m Equity against Arthur Haz Hine Burt to obtain a dccreo of the Court that an agreement entered into with tho defendant was contrary to public policy and illegal and was not binding UDOU the plaintiffs or either of them It appeared from the plaintiff s statement of claim that for tho purposo of continuing the wbolo of the contracts entered into with theGovernment by the late David Proudfoot they omploj ed defendant as civil engineer at a salary of £G0 per month but in April 1893, a portion of the contracts was put au end to by tho Raliwa^ Commissioners and plaintiffs then re duced the salary of détendant to £40 per month Owing to disputes which arose subsequently between plaintiffs and the Railway Comm ssioners the former commenced certain Common Law actions against thora but by agreement between tho parties the issues were transferred to the Equity Jurisdiction After tho Buit had b**en proceeded with for some time, the defendant, as the plaintiffs alleged refused to give ovidnuce on their behalf unless thoy paid himsum of £800 tor giving such evidence and agreed to employ him thereafter at au increased salary of £800 per yoar Ultimately tho plaintiffs w oro forced to assent to defendant s demand and tho ngreoment which plaintiffs n iw sought to sot aside w as arrived at The plaintiffs admitted that they « ero indobtcd to the defendant in the sum of £372 15s Def< ndant in his statement of dofenco denied that ho over refusod to givo evidence on oohalf of tho plain- tiffs, or that the agreement was sign«d in order to induce htm to give eudence ou bdnalf of plaintiffs Ihe document was executed aud sigupd voluntarily by plaintiffs m order to protect the détendant in re- gard to the moneys theu due to him by them, and it was given by them w ithout any undue in- fluence or coercion on his port In his counter-claim defendant said that the plaintiffs wero indebted to him in the sum of £390 7s ud m re spect of the arrears of salary due to him tor services rtndercd while m the tmplovmontof the plaintiffs, and that under the ue,reemont of tho 1st September last thore was now due and owing to him tho sum of £1200 In their replication p amti'fs admitted that £ >90 7s f d was due TO defendant, and s ud that they were willing to paj that amount, but claimed to deduct tnerefrom the costs ot t1 e suit His Honor, on this latter admission, grinted au ordor tor the payment to defendant of £390 7s Gd, and plaintiffs now appealed Ihe Court without calling upou Air Knox, said there was a clear admission by tho plaintiffs that the amount of £390 7a ud wastiuu and defeudant was thereiore, entitled to the order, which was not an in- terlocutory order, as plaintiff contended, but a final order Appeal dismissed, with costs, and order made for payment to defendant within seven ùa\a luurcrassi AND OTHERS \ WATSON In thiB ea*e which as auuounced yesterday was sottlcd the settlement filod m court was as follows u Plaintiff withdraws all charges against defendant pint is dismissed, with costs détendants' costs ure to be Taken as pqual to the costs awarded to tho plain- tiffs under thu interlocutory oidors so that there is no balanco or payment on either side " In Divorce -[J efore hit H not Mi Justxca WINDEYER ) CLARES V CLARIS (IART HEARD) Mr Ralston, instructed by MesBra White and Wolstcuholme, appeared foi the petitioner \nnio C arko, oi Dulwicu Hill, who sought to obtain a divorce from hor hush md James Clarke, a minister of tho Church of England at Kogarah, on tho ground that ho bad repeatedly during ono vear pre vious to tho filing of the petition assaulted and cruelly beateu the petitioner The respondent appeared in person Ou his Hi uor taking his seat tho respondent com- plained that when coming into the court ho had been searched b\ Sub-inspector Tyndall His HONOR said that it w« understood that re- spondent had been carrying a revoU er and that the ofneers wero perfectly justified in what thoy bad done Mr Ralston appbed for a furtacr sum for cos*s, and his Honor increased tho order to ono for £30 Amelia Ann Annesley, the mother of the petitioner, said that a mouth arter her daughter returned from her honeymoon which was spent m î*ow Zpalatid, Mr ana Mrs Clarke came to witness's house "Wit noss objected to tne respondent pourmg whiskv into his wife s giass of tonic- water She also objected to respondentputtmghiswnointohvpnoticBleei a which he did by staring at her and holding his arm out in a stiff manner Respondent objected to fitness \iEitmg her daughter, and would not permit her to speak to her except in his presence Before her marriage tho petitione" never walked in her sleep nor eau visions and she had not dono so sinco Bbe loft her husband's house On the 14th October witness went to respondent s house ?ihe beard sobs coming from the netitioner's room Sho called to her daughter, and asked why she was crying and she replied that Bho w is not veil aud that she wanted to go home bho told petitioner to como to tho door, but sho replied that sho could not becauso sho was not dressed Re spondent told witness to go av*a> and come again next daj Witness said, If my daughter is not well I would like to speak to her ' but respondent said, * She is my wife, and shall oboy me ' On the Sunday sho went there with her other daughter and Mr Douse, and said she had como to take petitioner home Hor daughters chee& was swollen and bruised When petitioner carne to witness s house sho was in a very low and weak condition, and re- mained BO for BO yeral days Cross examined bv the respondent, witness denied that Bho evor interfered with petitioner s household duties She went with Mr Douse to tnko her daughter away Jessie Anuosloy said that she was the petitioner s mater Sho often stiyed at thoir house On oue occasion Bho saw respondent strike her sister with a stick, and sho had iroqueutly heard him scold her After scolding her ho used to tell her that it was a wife's duty to oboy her husband in e\er>thiug Ho always treated hil wife as though sno was a ser xant. Witness had repeatedly se*»n respondent hypnotise his wite Sho frequently did not wiut bim to do so, but ho would do it One one occasion ho hypnotised her and modo her walk out into the cemeteij 'N bon lespondont lound fault with petitioner, ßho would bocomo upset and would not oat her meals Ho would then hypnotise her and make hor do so Ou the 14th October witness was stajuig at their house She had retired, aud had just gono to Bleop when she w is awakened by respondent entering nor room He went to he down beside her Sho told him to leave tho room at once A\ hen petitioner heard respondent in the room she carno ovor to it Sho screamed and said that sho would go home to her mother at ouce On the 17th of tho same month respondent locked petitioner in her bedroom He then behaved in an unbecoming manner to witness The next morning witness went to speak to hei sister, when respondent hypnotised her, so that witness could not converso with her Witness had nover known her sister walk in her slocp nor see visions The respondent then w ont into tho box He said that after his marriago and on their return homo aftorthe houoymoou, his wife suddenly aroused him one night and said that aho had seen a woman in the room with long dark hair The tone in which his wife Bpoko was one calculated to fill a person with a creeping feeling He asked her where, and she said that the iigure appeared on her side of the bed Ile said to her, '* That is only tancy shut your eyes " When ho asked if it was still there Bho said, " Yes *' Ho lighted tlie gas but ßhe still saw tho form looking at her In about 20 minutes it faded away In the morning his wife lookod ill and worn, and he told her to come into tho study, whore he had a num- ber of letters to write. He placed her m a largo easy chair and went on with his writing, speaking to her now and then By and by his attention waa attracted to Ina wife, WHO was in a Bort of trance condition In answer to his questions she said that she was in the spirit w orld I hat was the first ho knew with regard to what was called hypnotism Thou he discovered that bo had thiB mearaorio powei or control over her, bat ho had uevor had it with regard to anyone else He found that his wife would L,O off into a trance at his will, and sometimes, not alwavs ho found her in that condition voluntan!} without his interference at all aud occasionally she used to go off beforo other people In the early part of April the petitioner took to sleep-walking Whether she did so boforo marriage or not he could not BQJ, but ho know from experience that sho did it afterwards Ou another occasion petitioner said that she saw a woman loading a child by the hand She was very frightened and ho lighted the gas and told hor it waa onl> fancy Petitioner said that abo saw the spirit fluttering through the closed venetian shutters That waa the way, sho said that spirits always came and went Ihe Brat time tho petitioner walked in her sleep was about a w cek af tor ßhe first aaw the spirit She went out into the cemetery in her sleeping garments only, and eat on a tombstont for a long while. He found her thoro and spoke to her She said that a beautiful girl was Bpeaking to her, nnd had counselled her to destroy horself. She had been reading in tho paper a few days boforo about some young married lady who had committed suicide atEnmoro He took his wifa home and in the morning flho know nothing at all aboutit Fro Îiuentïy from that tuno petitioner walked in her sleep, lis only reason for locking her in her room was for her own safo ty and protection They lived only a short distance from tho railway station, and trains were continually passing backwards and forwards When petitioner was in au hypnotic condition sho used to tell him where she had been aud what aho had been doing during her sleep-walking und what had happened With regard to housekeeping, his wifo s untidy habits had caused him pain Petitioner had ii habit of sulking when- ever she was spoken to ¿Nothingirritated him more than this and ho had implored her with tears in his eyes not to sulk His wito knew that he had a great deal of trouble about a sum of XdOO lor which ho waB responsible in connection with a church at Roekdale Ho had ben charged with insanity, but if there wero any mental aberrations he did not recollect them Ho had no recollection whatever of doing tho cruel things with which ho had been charged What with the worry ho had over church mattera and trouble about his wife going awav, ho was perhaps a little moro worried than usual but ho no\er, consciously nor willingly, injured his wile in anyway Ho had only given his wife ono bath in his life On the night of tlie 19th Octobei, just before ho rotued, ho though he heard the side door open, and went out side to seo what was the matter, and lound his wife in tho paddock without anything on When she got into these trances she wanted to rush outside without her clothes on, as sho said that tho spirits wero calling her This was when she went into the trances herself without being hypnotised Euora he got to her sho appeared to be rolling m the paddock, and ho had great difficulty in getting her inside When ho did so he put hor into the til st room that he cune to, which was tho serv int*s room Ou tho following morning ho found that sho was a little bruised Ho did not open the door of tho house to his mother-in law when sho came, as his wifo was nervous and hvstencal because of tho pre- vious night, and ho wished to avoid a scene When he tavo his wife a warm bath ho simply poured a bucket of cold water over hor to prevent lier taking cold That evening Dr Buckle called but his wife declined to seo him Regarding the drawers, he had told his wifo to clear everything out of them as they were untidy, before the new servant came Respecting his wife s fancies about seeing spirits, walking in her sleep, and losing her identity, ho remomberod remarking to Jessie Annesley that it would be easy to make people behove that she was insano, and Bho agreed with him that it would bo easy for him to put his wifo m tha asylum but ho would never do anything of the kind On tho Sunday petitioner's sister and a gentleman named Bouse carno to the housu His wife did not wish to seo him Sir Douse wont with him to the church, but wnen resDondent got into the pulpit ho saw that Mr Dou&e; was not in iho church when ho returned to his house he found that h s wife had böeu taken away Ho roDortcd tho cncumetauccs to two policemen who wero present Ihu back door of tho houBo had been forced m Respondent recited a number ol grievances, and said that he had never behaved m an ungeutlora inly or mdahcito way to his wife s sister He had never treated her otherwise than a brotaer should treat a sister Cross eximincd bv Air Ralston the respondent denied certain allegations made with respect to hiB conduct at an hotel William Herbert Lewis, a police constable stationed at Kogarah, spoke to locktng-up lespondent s house alter both respondent and his wife had lett it Ethel Rose, a _,irl Id years of ago said that she was engaged is servant at respondent a house for 13 weeks iroui Juno last bho had never seen the respondent drunic fane had not seen anj whi"ky m tho house ùhe had never known respondent unkind to his w ifo or to auj one else Cross ex imined hy Sir Ralston The respoadent used to scold her, aud bho very often used to cry whilst she waa ne his house Auno EdwardH, teacher in the Public school at Hurstville said that she had visited the respondent s house, and heard his wife say that sho had seen ghosts Edith Fletcher, also a teacher in the Public school at Hurstville stated that the petitioner had said th it she had seen spirits ùho han never known respon- dent unkind to anyone Itespoi dent called several other witnesses, but their evidence was not material Iho petitioner and ner s ster Jessie were recalled and asked %aroiiH questions with regard to the re- spondent s cenduet to tao sister íhe respondent commenced his address to the Court, and the caso was tnen ad io urn ed to tho fol- low ing day In Man/ ¡ up ey -{Hefote the _? egistrar, Mr AKTHTJE. VEVBY "I EXASITNATIOV UTOEK SLCTIOS ¿0 Ro Charles Henderson lmeo witnesses includ- ing tho bankrupt, were examined, and lurther pro- ceedings wcru adjourned until 8th March, at 10 o'clock JIEAPINQ OP CEEDITORS' PETITIONS. Iío T. Hooper and others v. H. Cohen. Tho petitioner was represonteü by Mr. Noblo, and the respondent by Mr. Ferguson. Tho Registrar's de- cision wits reserved. Ro William Cooper v. F. W. Gabriel. Sir. Per kinsjp who appeared for the petitioner, intimated that a settlement had been arrived at, and tho petition was withdrawu. Ko A. Cowan and Sons v. Samuel Hawkins. Mr. Schrader, wno apnenrod for the respondent, notified that a settiemout had been arrived at, and the peti- tion was withdiawn, Re John Weir aud another v. Duncan Beatson. Mr. A. M'Carthy, who was retained on behalf of the petitioners, sum a settlement had been effected, and tho petitiou was withdriwn. Re Reginald Solomon Nelson v. S. G-. Hopkinson. Mr. Rolin appeared for the petitioner. Tho order was inado hequestrating the estate, and Mr. Giblin was appointed ofhcia! assignee. The act of bank- ruptcy was ßied as having taken placo on 2nd I February. Ko JJ. S. M'Leod and bon v, F. T. Cheesoman. The order sequestrating tho estate waa made, and tho act of baukruptey was fixed as havmg taken place on llth January, Mr. Giblin was appointed ofhcial assignee. VOLÜ_s*TAEY SEQUE3TEATI0NS. James David Peicivnl Taylor, of Stockton, ship- wright. Mr. Lloyd, official assignee. Andrew William Markham, of Hamilton, auc- tioneer. Mr. \lorns, ofhcial assignee. John Thomas Brown, of Jaue-atreet, Randwick, j agent. Mr. Llord, official assignee. i CREDITORS' PETITIONS. | Allt's Brewery and Wine and Spirit Company v. T. Corby, of Stockinbingal. Petition to be heard on 4th March. Robert Reid and Co.,of Sydney, v. Samuel Richard Dougnty, of Bourke Petition to bo heard on -1th i March. ' Probate Jurisdiction.-(Before the REGISTRAR). The following were granted :-Probates . Lucina Mana Williams, John Joseph Fox, Elizabeth Weide- maier, William Thomas Kirkpatrick, Patience awain, Johann Gottlob Knodler, John Eggers, Thomas Colley, Margaret Isabella Cullon, John Joseph Ward, Douglas Fisher, Administrations Deborah Mary Ward, Charles Townsend, Edward Charles Brown, Catherine Manning, Ellen Hickey, Thomas Gibbs. 