SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Mau," &o.; CHAPrER XXXIL ALL IN HONOUB. It was nearly a month aft or Lady Emily's appearance as Diseombe, and there had been no letter from Cxeclfrey. Every day had increased Mrs. Wornuok's anxiety, and in the face of an ever-growing fear there had besn a t&cit; avoidance of all mention of the absent son, both on the part of bis mother and of Suzette. I'hey had talked of music, of the gardens, of the poor, and of the latest developments in that science of the supernatural in which Mrs. Wornock's interest hod never abated, and in which her faith had never been Entirely shaken. Onoe in the midst of discussing the last number of the Physical Magazine with Suzette —a sad sceptic—she said quietly— " Whatever has happened, I know he is not dead. I must have seen him. I must have known. There would have been some sign." Suzette was silent. Hot for worlds would she have dashed a faith which buoyed up the fainting spirit. Yet it needed but some dreadful dream, she reflected, a dead face seen amidst the clouds of sleep, to ohange this blind confidence into despair. It was in the evening following this conversation that Suzette was sitting at her piano alone in her own drawing-room, playing from memory, and losing herself in the web of a Hungarian' nocturne, which was to her like thinking in musio—the oomposer's learned sequences and changes of key seeming only a vague espressson of her own sadness. Her father was dining out—a man's dinner—a dissipation he rarely allowed himself; and Suzette was relievod from her evening task of playing chess, reading aloud, or listening to tiger stories, which had lost none of their interest from familiarity, the fondly lovedfather being the hero of every adventure. She was glad to ba alone to-night, for her heart was foil of dread of the news whioh the next African letter might bring. She had tried to make light of the leader's death; yet she, too, thought with a Bhudder of the two young men alone, inexperienced, and, one of them at least, reckless and daring even to folly. That wailing Hungarian reverie, with its minormodulations, seemed toshapeitself into a dreamof Africa, theendless jungle, the vastness of swamp and river, the beauty and tbe terror of gigantio waterfalls, huge walls of water, a river leaping over a precipice into a gulf of darkness and snow-white foam. The scenes of whiob she had been reading^ lately crowded into her mind, and filled it with aching fears. " Suzette 1" A voice called to her softly from the open window. She looked up, tiembling and cold, with an awful fear. His voioe—Geoffrey's—a spectral voice—the voice of a ghost calling to her, the unbeliever, from the other side of the world—calling, in death or after death, to the woman the living man had loved. She rose, with a faint scream, and rushed to the window, and was clasped in the living GeoSrey's arms, on the threshold, between the garden and thB room. Had she flung herself into his arms in. ber fear and great surprise? or hod be seized her as she ran to him? She oould not tell. She knew only that she was sobbing on his breast, elasped in two gaunt arms, whioh beld her as in a grasp of iron. " Geoffrey Geoffrey! Alive and well! What delight for your poor mother? Was she not wild with happiness?" she asked when he released her, after a shower of kisses upon forehead and lips, whioh she pretended to ignore. She ceuld not begin quarrelling with him in these first moments of delighted surprise. He followed her into the rpom, and she saw his face in the light of the lamp on the piimo —worn, wan, haggard, wasted, bat with eyes that were full of fire and gladness. "Suzette, Suzette 1" be cried, clasping her hands, and trying to draw, her to his heart again, "it w»s worth a journey over half the world to find van! So sweet, so fair!- All that my dreams have shown me, night after night, night after night! Ah, love, we have never been parted, Yonr image has never left me." "Africa h»s done you qo good. You are as full of wild nonsense as ever," she said, /trying to take the situation lightly, ,yet trembling with emotion, her heart beating loud and fast, her eyes hardly daring to meet the eyes that dwelt upon her face so fondly. "Tell me about your mother. Was she not surprised—happy''" '"I hope she will be % little glad. I haven't seen heryet." " No'tseen—your mother ?" "No^cbild. A iasm-can't have two lodestars! "it came straight from Zanzibar to this houss. I asms home to you, Suzette." " But you will go the Manor directly? Ypur poor mother has been so miserable about you. ^fts n't lose a minute in making herhv- ty.- "iEiOse 1 these minutes are gold; the most precious minutes of my life. Oh, ouzstte, how cruel you were 1 Why did you you drive me from you?" She was in his arms again, held closely in those wasted arms, oangbt in the coils of that passionate love, she scarcely knew how. Ho was taking everything for granted, and she knew not how to resist him. She had no argument to effer against that triumphant love. " Cruel, nruel, cruel Suzette ! Two years of exile—two wasted lonely years—years of fend longing and looking back ! Why did you send me away ? No, I won't ask. It was all in honour, all in honour.. My dearest is made up of honourable scruples and delicate sympathies which this rough nature of mind oan't understand. But you loved me, Suzette. You loved me frpm the first as I loved you. Our hearts went out to meet each other over the bridge of my violin—flaw out to each other in a burst of melody. And we will go on loving esoh other till tbe last breath—the last faint glimmer of life's brief candle. Ah, love', forgive me if I r»ve. I am baside myself with joy." "I think you are a little out of your mind," she faltered. She let him rave. She accepted the sanation. Ah, surely, surely, it wo* this man Bhe loved. It was this eager spirit which had passed like a breath of fire between her and Allan ; this masterful nature which had possessed itself of her heart, as a mere chattel that mast needs be the prizs of the strongest. She submitted to the tyranny of a love which would not accept defeat; and presently they sat down side by side in the soft lamplight, close to the piano which she loved only a little less than if it were human. They sat down side by side, his arm still round the slim waist, plighted lovers. "Poor Allan !" she sighed, with a remorseful pang. " Has ha gone do wn to Suffolk ?" "To Suffolk? He is on the Congo—past Stanley Falls, I hope, by this time." "On the Congo! You hare left him? Quite alone! Oh, Geoffrey, how oould you?" " Why not ? He is safe enough. He knows the country aB well as I. I left him near Kassongo, where he could get as big a train and aa many etores as ho wanted ; though we have done nowadays with long traina, armies of porters, and a mountainous load of provisions." " kVhat will Lady Emily say? She will be dreadfully unhappy. 1 could not have believed you and Lilian would part company— after Sir. Patrington's death." " vVhy not? We were both strangers in the lapd. He knows haw to take care of bim self as well as I do." " But two mou—companions and friends—~ surely they would ba safer than one Englishman travelling alone?" said Sbzette, deeply die creased at the thought of what Allan's mother would suffer when she knew that her son's oomrada bad left him. "Do you think two men are safer from fever, poisoned arrows, the bursting of a gun, the swamping of a canoe? My dearest, Allan iB juet as safe alone as he was when he was one of three. He hod Ifcarnt a goad deal about tbs country, and he knew how to manage the native*, and he had stores and ammunition, and the ineaus of getting plenty more. Don't let me see that sweat face clouded. Ah, my love, my love, I shall never forget your welcoming'smile—the light upon your face as you rap to the window. I had always believed in vour iove-—always — even when you were cruellest; but to- iii_ght I know—I know that I am the chosun one.'' He let his head sink on hor ehaalder, and nestled against her, likn a child at rest near hia mother's heart. How cauld she resist a love so fervent, so resolute — a spirit like Satan's—not to be changed by place or time. It is the lover who will not be denied—tbe selfish, impetuous, unscrupulous lover who has always the batter chance ; and in a case lik~> this it was a foregone conclusion that he who caias baok first would be tbe winner. The firat strong appeal to the heart that bad been triod bj absence oud anxiety, the first returning wave of romantic lovo. It was something more than a lover's return. It was the awakening of love from a long deep that had seemtd dull and grey aud hopeless as death. " I thought you would never came back." sighed Suzette, resigning herself to the tyranny of thu conqueror, content at last to bti Uken by a coup de main. '' I w&a; afraid you and Allan would bs left in that dresd/ul country ; aud I had to make believe to think you aa safe as if you were in the next parish. I had to be chearful &ui; full of hopefulness, for ^our mother's eoke. Your poor mother," starting up suddenly. Oh, Geoffrey, how cruel that ws should he sitting here while she is left ia ignorance of your return; and she ha3 suffered ail agony of fear since she heard of poor Mr. Patrington's death. It is shameful You must go to her this instant." "Mu£tl, my queen and uuBtresB?" "This instant. It will be a Ehock to her— even in the joy of your return—to see how thin and haggard you have grown. What suffering you mast have gone through." "Only one kind of suffering — only one malady, Suzette. I was sick for love of you. Love made me do forced marches : love kept me awake at nights. Impatience was the fever that burnt in my blood—love and longing for you. Yee, yes, I am going," as she put her hand through his arm and led him to the window. " I will be at my mother's feet in half an hour, kneeling to ask for herblessingon my betrothal. There will be a double joy for her, Suzette, in my homecoming and my happiness. I left her a restless, unquiet Bpirit. I go baok to her tamed and happy." Yes, yes, only go ! Remember that every mmuSe of her life of late has been a minute of anxiety. And she loves you so devotedly, Geoffrey. She hus only you to love." "I aui going, but not till you have told me how soon, Suzette." " How soon—what?" "Our marriage." " Geoffrey, bow absurd of you to talk about that, when I hardly know that we are en- I know it. We are bound and plighted as never lovers were, to my knowledge, since Borneo and Juliet. How long did Romeo wait, Suzette? T<vflnty-four hours, I think. I shall have to wait longer — for a special licence." "Geoffrey, unless you hurry away to the Manor thie instant I will never speak civilly to you again," " Why, what a fury my love can be ! What an exquisite termagantYes, I will wait for the liaence. Oome to the gate with me, Suzette." They went through the dusky garden to the old-fashionad five-barred gate wbich opened on to a circular drive. The night was cool and and grey, and the white bloom of a catalpa tree gleamed ghostlike among the dark masses of the shrubbery. A bat wheeled across the greyness ia front of the lovers, as they kissed and parted. "LTntilloan get the licenoe," he repeated, with his happy laugh. " We'll wait for nothing else." "You will have to wait for me," she answered, toBsing up her head, and running away, a swift white figure, vanishing in the bend of the drive as ho stood watching her. "Thank God!" be ejaculated. "The reward is worth all that has gone before." CHAPTER XXXIII. "AH 1 Bis EEBPEB?" Before the sun had gone down upon the second day after Geoffrey's return bis engagement to Miss Vincent had become known to almost every member of Vfatcham society who had any right to be posted in the proceedings of the&ite.; Mrs. Mornington, dropping in at her brother's house after breakfast, and before her daily excursion to the village, was transformed into a statue of surprise on the very threshold of the hall at hearing fiddling. in her brother's drawing- room, unmistakably fiddling of a superior order; a fiddle whose grandiose chords rose loud and strong above thB rippling notes of a piano—a quaint old melody of Porpara's, ia strongly marked common time—a fairy-like acosmpaniment of delicate treble rune, light as a gauzy veil flung over the .severe outlines of a bronfse statue. "She mast be having accompanying,lessons," thought Mrs. Mornington. "Some fiddler from Salisbury, I suppose." She marched into the drawing-room with the privileged unceremoniousness pf en gunt, and foupd Geoffrey Woraook standing beside the piano, at which Suzette was gittipg fresh aB a rose, in a pale-greon froek, that looked like the calyx of a living flower. "Home!" oried Mrs. Mornington, with a step backward, and again becoming statuesque ; " and I have been picturing you as eaten by tigers or tomahawked by savages 1" "The Afrioan tiger U only a panther, and there are no tomahawks," answered Geoffrey, laying down his bow, and going across the foom to shake hands with Mrs. Mornington, the Amati still under his chin. "And Allan? Where is Allan?" " I left him on his way to thB Congo." " You left him .'r—came baok without bim ?" " Yes. He wanted to extend his travels— to cross Africa. I was not so ambitious. I only wanted to oome home. 1 ' His smile as he turned to look at Suzette, told the astute matron all she desired to know. "So," she exclaimed, " is tbe weatheroock nailed to the vane at last?" '"The ship whioh has been tossing so long upon a sunless qea is safe in her haven/' answered Geoffrey. Mrs. Mcrmngton's keen perceptions took a swift review of the positions. A much better match than poor Allan! Discombe, with revenues that had accumulated at compound interest during a long minority, must be better than Beechhurst, a mere villa, end au estate in Su&ilk; of which Mrs. Mornington knew very little except that it was hedged in and its glory overshadowed by the lands of a>' most noble and a right honourable or two. Discombe! The Squire or Disoombe was a personage in that little world of Matcham; and the world of Matcham was all on the earthward side of the universe for whioh Mrs. Mornington oared. Gazette's shilly-shallying little ways bad answered admirably it seemed after alL How wisely Providenoa orders things, if we will only fold our hands and wait. "Don't let me interrupt your musieal studies, young people," exclaimed the good lady. "I only came to know if 3uzette was going to the golf-ground." "Of course, I am going, auntie, if yon are walking that way and want aompsny." It was the kindSof day on which oply hat and gloves are needed for outdoor toilette, and Suzette's neat little hat was ready for ber in the hall. They all three went off to the links together, along the dusty road and through the busy little village—busy just for one morning hour-rand to the oommon beyond, the lan? stretch of oommon that skirted the high road, and wbich everybody declared to have been created on purpose for golf. Mrs. Mornington talkad about Allan nearly all the way—her regret that he had extended his travels, regret felt mostly on bis mother's aoeount. "I chink he always meant .to orois from eea to sea," Geoffrey answered carelessly. " His mother ought to have been prepared for that. He read Trivier's book, and that inspired him. And really crossing Africa means very little nowadays. One's people at home needn't worry about it." " Mr. Patrington did not find it so easy." " Poor Pairington I No. He was unlucky. There is no reokoning with fever. That is the worst enemy." "Did you bring home a letter for Lady Emily ?" "No. Allan wrote from Ujiji. That letter would reach England much quicker than I oould." " But you will go to see her, I dare say. No doubt it would be a comfort to her to talk to you about her son—to hear all those details which letters so seldom give." "I will go if she asks me. Suzette has written to tell her of my return." " She will aBk you, I am sure. Or she may oome to Beeahhurat, a^ she came only a month ago, in the hope of hearing of Allan's movements from your letters to your mother." "I was never so good a correspondent or so good a son as Allan." There were at the golf-ground by thia time, and here Mrs. Mornington left them; and mt-.eting five of her particular friends on the way told them how a strange thing hod happened, aud that Geoffrey Wornock, who had left England broken-hearted because Suzette had rejected him, had coine back suddenly from Africa, and h&d; been accepted. " He took her by storm, poor ahild ! But, after all, I believe she always preferred him to poor Allan." There seemed nothing wanting now to Mrs. Wornoak's happiness. Her BOU had returned, not to restlessness and iicpaoieace.not to weary again of his beautiful home, but settle down soberly with the wife he adored. Hia mottior waa to live with him always. The Manor House was still to be her home, the inueic-roo JI her room, the organ hers. In all things she was to be as she had been—plus the son she lovod and the daughter-in-law she wjuld havo chosen for herself from ail the daughters earth. " If it were not that I am sorry for Allan, there would nob be a cloud in my sky, "she told her son on the second night after his return, when he had quieted dawn a little from that fever of triumphant gladness which had possessed hiin afcer bis conquest of Suzette. " Dear mother, there is no U3e in being sorry for Allan. We could not both be winners. To be sorry for him is to grudge ma my delight; and I could easily come to believe that you are fonder of Allan than of me. "Geoffrey " Well, I'll never say so again if you'll only leave off lamenting about Allan. He will have all the world before bim wben ho comes back to England. Somewhere no doubt there are love and sympathy and beauty aud youth waiting for him. When he knows that Suzette has made ber choice, he will accept the inevitable, and fall in leva with somebody else—not at Matcham." ThereW.&& tUe faintest touch of irritation in his reply. Tnat incessant reference to Allan began to jar upon bis nerves. Wherever he went he had to answer tiio same questions—to explain how he wanted to come home and Allan wanted to go further away, and how for that reason only they had parted. He began to feel like Cain, and to sympathize with that historical character. But the worst was etill to come. In the raidet of a aonatio ot" DP Beriot's—long, brilliant, difficult—a tour de force for Suz9tte, whose fingers had not grappled with eu:h music for the last two years, tha door of the music-room was opened, and Lady Emily Carew was announced, just as upon that grey afternoon a month ago. '* Forgive me for descending upon you again : in this way," she said hurriedly to Mrs. Wornock, who came from her seat by the window to receive the uninvited guest. "I couldn't rest after I received Miss Vinosnt's letter." Nothing could have been colder than the "Miss Vincent, "except the stately recognition of Suzette with which it was accompanied, " Mr. iVornock"—turning to Socffroy, without even noticing his mother's outstretched hand —"why did you leave my son?" " I thought Suzette had told you why we parted. He wished to go on. I wanted to oome home. Is there anything extraordiaary about that?" " Yes. When two men go to an uncivilized country, full of dangers and difficulties, and when the third, their guide and leader, has been snatched away—surely it is very strange that they should part; very cruel of the one whose stronger will insisted upon parting." "If you mean that I had no right to come baok to England without yoqr son, I can only answer that you are very unjust. If you were a man, Lady Emily, I* might be tempted to express mv meaning in stronger words." "Oh, it is easy enough for you to answer me, if you can satisfy yoqr conscience; if you can answer to yourself for leaving your friend and comrade helpless and alone." "Was he more helpless than I? We parted in the centre of Africa. If I choose the easier and shorter route homeward, that route was just as open to him as to me. It was hiB own choice to go down the Congo River. No doubt his next letter, whenever it may reach you, will tell you all you can want' to know as to his reasons for taking that route. When I offered myself as your son's companion I accepted no apprenticeship. I was tired of Africa; be wasn't. There was no compoot between us. I was under no bond to stay with him. He may choose to spend his life there, as Cecil Patrington chose, praotically. I wanted to come home." " Yes, to be first; to steal my fon's sweetheart!" said Lady Emily, pale with anger, looking from Geoffrey to Suzette, with flashing eyes. " Lady Emily, yoa are unreasonable." " I am a mother, aud I love my eon. Till I see him, till I hear from his own lips thtft you were not a traitor—that you did not abandon him in danger or distress, for your own selfish endB; till then I shall not oease to think of you as I think now. Your mother will, of course, believe whatever you tell her, and Miss Vincent, no doubt, was easily satisfied; bat I am not to be put off so lightly—nor your conscience, as your faoe tells me." She was gone before any one could answer her. She waited for no courtesy of leavetaking, for no servant to lead the way. Her own resolute hand opened and ehnt the door before Mrs. Wornock could recover from , the shook of her onslaught. Indeed, in those few moments Mrs. Wornock had only eyes of apprehension for one thing, and that was Geoffrey's white face. Was it anger" or remorse that made him so deadly pale ? While his mother watohed him wonderingly, filled with a growing fear, his sweetheart was too deeply wounded by Lady Emily's scornful spaeoh to be oonsoiouB of anything but her own pain. She went baok to her place at the piano, and bent her bead over a page of music, pretending to study an intricate passage, but unable to read a singfe bar through her thiokly gathering tears. 