Itaies and sketches. R SOUS OF FIRE. m el- miss braddon, Btoobof "Lady Audi.ey's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day Will Come,"- H"TnB Doctor's Wil'e," " Thou- Art the HliAS!"&0. H ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Bf Chaiter xxxii.— All in Honor. Hit wis nearly n month , after Lady Lmily's Hppearance at Dlscombe, and there bad bocn no R$lt« from Geoffrey. Every day had increased Sfhi. Wornock'a nnxi.ty, and in tho face of an (Mm growing fear there had been a tacit nvoid- ZffecB of all mention of tho absent son, both on sfto psrt of bis mether and of Suzotte. Tbey Stud talked of inusio, of tho gardens, of the Moor, sail of the latest developments in that £ hence of tho supernatural in which Mrs. 'Wor- P tea's interest bad never abated, and in which tl tr faith had never been entirely shaken. |£ Once in the midst of discussing tho last num. | rr of the rtychical Matjazint with Suzette— a m id iceptic— she said quiolly — H "Whstover has happened, I know bo iB not ig lid. I must have seen him. I must have Known, There would have been some sign." BaSnioUe was silent. Not for worlds would she ERrs dished a faith which buoyed up the faint- |p;ipirit. Yet it needed but some dreadful yneitn, iho reflected, a dead feoe soon amidst SjBe cloudi of sleep, to change this blind coriH- Sgjnnci into ilcipair. Kit wai iu the evening following this eonversn- pfcn that Suzotto was sitting at her piano alone gHherouiidrnwingroom, playing from memory, Efjd losing liciself in the web of a Hungarian ffjfectiirnp, whioli was to her like thinking in gfjSuiic— tho composer's learned seqnrnees and Kgwgci of key seeming only a vague expression KW her own sadness. Her father was dining out gSM man's dinner— n dissipation ho raroly allowed gjWmielf ; and Suzette wae reliored from her Hwening task of playing chces, reading aloud or SgUiiln; to tiger stories, which hnd lost none of jzjiiir interest from familiarity, the fondly Ijared father being the hero of every adven- |,f". gffSh. wis glad to be alone to-night, for her Sw"' wis full of dread of the news which the fit African tetter might bring. Sho had tried msko light of the leader's death j yet she, two, thought with a ehudder of tho two young S»e« alone, inexperienoed, and one of them, at IiItu' nn|l daring even to folly. $3, W0'''"K Hungarian reverie, with its Minor modulations, seemed to shape itself into ijjdream of Africa, the ondlese jungle, the vaat- 8®n o( swamp and tiver, the beauty aud tho SBnor of gigantio waterfalls, huge walls of «?ii r1 ,r'ver 'enpiug over a preoipice into a «#« of darkness aud snow whlto foam. The Eg"" f which she had boen reading lately Iwari ''Cr m'nd| an" A''0" " with aobing |S"SnHtte !" ||A voice called to her softly from the broken kS'oiIow, she looked up, trembling and oold, .nth : an awful fear. His voice — Geoffrey's — a '21 A? T0',ce r voice of a ghost calling to S,.ii u!1,V'''l!Veri from tho other side of the calling in death, or after death, to tbo iA,srl the living man had loved, it. with a faint soream, and rushed to !n..e"Ui w' w#a Clasped in tho living ia i ' rm'i on tho threshold, between the room. Had sho flung herself is nn arms in her fear nnd groat surprise ? or In r.ii is. '1(r aa a'le van to him ? She oould Z , Sho knew only that siie was sobbing jp mi brsast, olasped in two gaunt arms, whieh WW her as in a grasp of iron. «l!»u0,Irey' 0offroy 1 Alive nnd well ! What «M ».ii f yol.,r P00r mother ! "Was sho not Sii.a i l'lime8s " obo oskod when he re- Bui i r " a 'bower of kisses upon foro- whioh she protended to ignore, 'ili.n r . Dot "S'n quarrelling with him in In® F?' moments of dolighted surptise. & Jl'f into tbo room, and she bbw ... , ''Bbt of the lamp on the piano— "0BE"d, wasted, but with oyos that W'« full of firo and gladness. Until i! ®,uzotte bo crlod, clasping hor St w'»?. laying to drawbar to his heart again, ltd J..r ' journey over half tho world to »«am. . Bw"t. «o fair! All that my iter nillhM ,mc> n'Kht aftor night, night Shteil v £ ' 'ovo> we havo never been f» if'. , ur Image hue neTcr left me." Si of Jin <5one ya no flood. You are as Vo tl,« "oo'enso a« ever," shosaid, trying to liolion lfn f 1 1'8h"y> J"' trembling with fesharlliv i ? . ea'ing 1U( ond fast, hor ifon i... y ooclng meet the eyes that dwelt vtiier w 80 foud'y.- "Toll me about your »' I ho.,« i 8.. not surprised— happy ?" |n her yVk" 0 a Utt,- gIad' A haven't I Kot seen— your mother" " fbijd. A man oan't have two lode stars. I oarne atraight from Zanzibar to this house. ' I osme homs to you, Suzette." _ ,But.yo« will go to the Manor directly? Your poor mother has been so miserable about happy ' # minu'0 ia makings her "Laise I These minutes are gold; the most preoious minutes of my life. Oh, Suzette, how ypu?»011 ' Why did ya:d,lT0 me from 'Sbe'was In his arms again, hold cloioly in those wasted arms, caught in the coils of that paision»to-lovo, »he soarooly know how. He was taking everything for granted; and she knew, not how to resist him. ,. She had no love ment ' 'gainst that triumphant Oruol, oruel, cruel, Snzetts ! Twoycnreof exila two wasted lonely years — years of fond longing and looking back ! Why did you send me away ? No, I won't ask. It was all in honor, nil in honor. My dearest is mado up of honor- ftfalo icrapUe, and delicate Byrapathieji, which this rough nature of mine can fc nndoritnnd. But you loved mo, Sueatto. You loved mo from too unit, as I loved you. Our hearts went out to meet oaeu othor over the bridge of my violin -—flew, out to each other in a burst of motody. Ana we will go on loving each other till the la»t broath— the last faint glimmer of life's brief candle. Ah, love, forgive me if I rave. I am bosnlo myself with joy." \- " I think you aro a little out of your mind," she faltered. Sho let him rave, Sho accepted the situation. Ah, surely, surely, it wss thin man sho loved. It was this oager spirit whioh had passed like a breath of fire between her and Allan ; this masterful nature which had possessed itsolf of hor hoart, as a msre oh&ttcl; that must needs be the prize of tho strongest. Sho submitted to the tyranny of a lovo whioh would not accept do- feat; and presently they sat down side by side in the soft lamp light, olose to the piano whioh sho loved only a little less than if it were human. They sat down sldo by side, his arm till round tho slim waist, plighted lovers. "Poor Allan !" sho sighed, with a remorseful pang. " Has lie gone down to Suffolk ?" "To Suffolk? He is ott the Congo — past Stanley Falls, I hope, by this time." " On the Congo ! You hare left him? Quito alono ! Oh, Geoffrey, how could you ?" "Why not? He is safe enough. He knows tho country as well as I. I left him near Kas- songo, whero he could get as big a train and as many stores as ho wanted; though we hav. done nowadays with long trains, armies of porters, and a mountainous load of provisions." " What will Lady Emily say ? Sho will bo dreadfully uuliappy. I could not have believed you and Allan would part company — after Mr, Patrington's death," "Why not? Wo wore both strangers in the land. Ho knows how to taka care of himself as well as I do." "But two msti— companions and friends— surely they would bo onfor than ono Englishman travelling alono?" said Suzette, deeply dis tressed at tho thought of what Allan's mother would suffer when she know that her son's com rade had left him. "Do yon think" rwo.lhejfarp' safer from fever, poisoned arrows?, tho burttingldf.'ilL'KUn, tho swamping of a panoo? My dearest Allan is just as safe aitine as he- was .yjicn.he was Aire of three. He ladrUoarnif tH pydfAlal Ab'Aift the country, andv'llh'- knew how to mkiiagii tile natives, end ho hqd. stores. and. ainnvipijlpi, and the means of getting / plenty ;itrpVq>, Don't lot me seo that aweot Taoo-claUdeiL-— An, my love, my love, I shall never forget your welcoming smile — the light upou yonr face ss you ran to tho window. I had always beliovcd in your love— always— even whon you were cruoltcet; but to-night I know— I know that I am the choaen ono." Ho lot ilia head sink on her shoulder, and nestled against her. like a child at rest near his mother's heart. How oould sho resist a love so fervent, so resolute— a spirit like Satan's — not to he changed by place or time. It is the lover who will not ha deniod — the selfish, impetuous, unscrupulous lovor who has always the bettor chance ; and in a case like this it was a foregone conclusion that he who camo hack first would he the winner. The first strong appeal to the hoart that had been tried by absence and anxiety, the first returning wavo of romantic love. It was something more than a lover's return. It was the awakening of lore from a long sleep that had seemed dull and grey and hopelees as death. "I thought you would nevor come back," sighed Suzette, resigning horieif tu the tyranny of the conqueror, content at last to be taken by a coup dc main, " I was afraid you and Allan would bo left in that dreadful oeuntry. And I had to make believo to think you as safe as yon were in the next parish. I had to be oliosrful and full of hopefulness, for your mother's sake. Yonr poor mother," starting up suddenly. " Oh, Geoffery, how cruel that ws should ho sit ting here while she is left iu ignorance of your roturn ; and she has suffered an agony of fear since she heard of poor Mr. Patrington's death. It is shameful I You must go to her this instant." " Must I, my queen and mistross ?" "This instant, It will bt a shook to her — oven in tho joy of your roturn— to see how thin nnd haggard you havo grown. What suffering you must have gone through." " Only ono kind of suffering — only one malady, Suzotte. I was siok for lore of you. Love made me do forced marohes ; lore kept me awake of nights. Impatience vraa the fever that burnt in my bloed— lovo and longing for you. Yes, yes, I am going," as sho put her hand through his arm and led him to the window. " I will be at my mother's feet in half an hour, kneeling to ask for her blessing on my betrothal, Tbore will be a double joy for her, Suzette, in my homo coming and my happiness, I loft lisr a restless, unquiet spirit. I go hack to hor tamed and happy. "Yes, yes — only go I Remember that every mlnnte of her lifo of lato has hren a minute of anxiety. And she loves yon so devotedly, Geoffrey. She has only you to love." " I am going ; but not till you have told me how soon, Suzette." "How soon — what?" " Our marriage," " Geoffrey, how absurd of you to talk about that, whan I hardly know that wo are en gaged." " I know It. "Wo are hound nnd plighted as never lovers were, to my knowledge, since Romeo and Juliet. How long did Roraso wait, Suzetto? Twenty-four hours, I think. I shall have to wait longor— for a sptoial Iicouce." "Geoffrey, unless you hurry away to tho manor this instant, I will never spesk civilly to you again,"- ".Why, what a fury my lovo can bo ! What an exquiaite termagant ! Yos, I-will wait for the liaenco. Oomo to the gate with me, Suzette." They went through tho dusky garden to tho old fashioned five-barred gato, whioh opened on to a cireular drive, Tho night was cool and grey, and tbo whito bloom of a catalpa treo gleamed ghostlike among the dark masses of tho shrubbory. A hat wheeled across tho groynesa in front of the lovers as thoy kissed and '""Until I oan got tlia licence," he repeated, with his happy laugh. " We'll wait for nothing else." i \- ?" Wl!1 h" to .»»>t for m»," she an- toising np her head and running away, a swirt white figure,. vamihing hv the bend of the drifo ah Iio stood watching her. he "Tho reward Is Worth all that has gone befott»" Chapter XXXIII. — " Ah IHis Keeper," Boforo 'he oUn had gone down upon tho man? f an w00 I"? j"'urn, hi« ng'ge- mcnt Vinoont had beoomo known to almost qrorv member of Matoham eooiety who thh me Pat0d in tl19 PtoModlnj? of Mrs. Mornington, dropping in at hor brother's house aftor breakfast, and before hor daily ex cursion to the village, was transformed into a statue of surprise on the very threshold of tho hall at healing fiddling in hcrbrotbor'sdrawing- room, unmistakably fiddling of a supsrior order ; a flddle whoso grandiose chords rose loud and strong above tho rippling notes of a piano— a quaint old melody of Porpora's, in strongly marked common time — a fairy-liko acoompani- inqnt of delicate treble runs, light as a ganzy veil flung over the severe outlines of a bronze statue. " She must be having accompanying lessons," thought Mrs. Mornington. " Some fiddler from Salisbury, I suppose." She marebed into tho drawing mom with the privileged unceremoniousness of an aunt, and found Geoffrey Wornock standing bssido tho piano, at whioh Suzetto was sitting fresh as a roso, in a paio green frock, that looked like tho oalix of a living flswer. " Home !" oried Mrs. Mornington, with a step backward, and again becoming statuesquo; "and I havo boon picturing yoil as eaten by tigers, or tomahawked by s&rsgos; 1" "The African tigoriionly & panther, ond there aro no tomabawka," anw«rod Geoffrey, laying down hiB bow, and going aoroia the room to sbaka hands with Mrs. Mornington, the Amati still under his ohin. ' And Allan ? Where is Allan ? " " I left him on his way to the Congo." " You left him !— oame baok without him? " " Yes, he wanted to extend his trarels— to cross Africa. I waa not so ambitious, I only wanted to come home." His smile, as he turned to look at Suzstte, told tho astute matron all sho dnired to know. ".So," she exolaimed, "Is the weathercock nailed to tho vane at last ? " " The ship, which has been tossing so long upon a sunless sea, le lafo in her haven," ouswerod Geoffrey. Mrs. Mornington's keen perceptions, took a swift review of the positions. A much better match than poor Allan 1 Diecombo, with rove> oucs that had accumulated at compound inte rent during a long minority, must bo better than Beschhurst, a mero villa aud an estate in Suf folk of whioh MrB. Mornington knew very little except that it was hedged in and its glory over- HnAUoweu oy tue lands or a most Noble and a Right Honorable or two. Discombe ! The Squire of DUcombe was a pcrsonngo in that littlo world of Matchain ; and the world of Matoham was all on the earthward side of the uuivorio for which Mrs. Mornington cared. Suzette's shilly-shallying little ways had answered admirably, it seemad, after all. How wisely Providence ordora things, if wo will only fold our hands and wait. " Don't lot me interrupt your musical studies, young people," exclaimed the good lady. "I only came to know if Suzette was goiug to tho golf ground." " Of courso, I am going, auntie, if you arc walking that way and want company." It was the kind of day on which only hat and gloves arc needed for outdoor toilette ; and Suzetto's neat little lint was rertdy for her in the hall. They all threo went off to tho linlca to gether, along thedust y road anil through tho busy littlo village— busy just for one morning hour — and to the common beyond, tho long stretch of common that skirted the high road, and whioh cvorybody declared to have been created on pur pose for golf. Mrs. Mornington talked about Allan nearly all tho way — her regret that he had extended his trarels, regret felt mostly ou his mother's account. "I think he always meant to cross from sea to sen," Geoffrey aRsworad carelessly. "His mother ought to havo been propnred for that. He read Trivicr's book, and that inspired him. And really crossing Africa means very little nowadays. One's peoplo at homo needn't worry about it." " Mr. Patrington did not find it so easy." "Poor Patrington ! No; bo was unluoky. There is no reckoning with fever. That is the worst enemy." "Did you bring home a latter for Lady Emily?" "No, Allan wrote from Ujiji. That letter would reach England much quicker than I could." " But you will go to eeo her, I dare say. No doubt it would be & comfort to bcr to talk to yon about her son — to henr all those details which letters So eehlom give." "I will go if she asks me. Suzette bos writ ten to toll her of my return." "Sho will ask you, I am sure. Or she may come to Beochhurst, an she came only a month ago, in tho hope of hearing of Allan's move ments from your letters to your mother." "I was never so good a correspondent, or so good n sun, as Allan." They were at tho golf ground by this time, and here Mrs. Mornington loft them; and meet ing five of her particular friends 011 tho way, told them how a strango thing had happened, and that Geoffrey Wornock, who had left Eng land broken hearted because Suzette had re jected him, hod como baok suddenly from Africa, and had been aoceptod. " He took her by storm, poor child ! But after all I beliovo eho always preferred him to poor Allan." # There seemed nothing wanting now to Mrs. Wornock'e happiness. Hor son had returned, not to restlessness and impatience, not to weary again of his beautiful home, but settle down soberly with tho wife he adored. His mother was to live with him always. Tho Manor Houso was still to bo hor homo, the musio room her room, the organ hers. In all things she was to be as she had been — plus tho son sho loved— and tho daughter-in-law ehe would havo ohoscn for herself from all the daughters of earth. "If it were not that I am sorry for Allan, there would not bo a cloud in my sky," iho told her Hon, on tho- second night after his return, when ho had quieted down a littlo from that fovor of triumphant gladnoss which had pob- scssod him after his conquest of Suzetto. "Dear mother, there is no ubo in being sorry for Allan. Wo oould not both be winners. To bo sorry for him is to grudge me my delight ; and I could oasily como to bollovo that you aro fonder of AUan thau of me." " Geoffrey I " ... . " Woll, I'll nover eay so again If you'll only leave off lamenting about Allan. He will have all the world before him when ho comes back to England. Somewhere, no doubt, there ore love ond sympathy, and beauty and youth, waiting for him. When ho knows that Suzetto has made her oliolco ho will accept tho inevitable and fall, in love with somebody else— not at Matoham." Thero was tho faintest touch of irritation In his roDlv. That inoessant referenoo to Allan began, to jar upon- bis nerves Wherever he went he had to answer ' the Mme questions— to explain how he wanted to come homo and'Alhm wanted togo farther away; aiidhow for that rea son only they had parted. Ha' began to feel like Cain, and. to sympathise with thai historical charaoter. ..1 Biit the worst was still to come. ! In the midHt of a sonata of Da Beriot'ii— long, brilliant, difficult— a four dt fores for Suzotte, whose fingers had nofc grappled with such musjo within the last. two years, the door of the musio room was' opined, and Lady Emily Oaraw wab an nounced, just as upou that grey, afternoon a month ago. "Forgivo me for descending upon you again In this way," she said hurriedly to' Mrs. Wor nock, who oame from her seat by the window to receive the uninvited guest. ' " I couldn't rest after I received Miss Vincent's letter/1 . Nothing oould have been colder than tbe ' Miss Vinacnt," except the stately recognition of Suzetto with whioh it was accompanied, "Mr. Wornock" — turning to Geoffrey, without even notioing his mother's outstretched band— " why did you leave my son V' "I thought Suzetto' had told you why we parted. He wished to go on. I wanted to come home. Is thero anything extraordinary about that?" "Yes. When two men go to an uncivilised country, fnll of dangers and difficulties, and when the third, their guide and leader, has been snatched away — surely it is very strange that they should par t ; very oruel of the one whose stronger will insisted upon parting." " If you mean to imply that I had no right to oome baok to'England without your son, I oan only answer that you are vory unjust. If you woro a man, Ltdy Emily, I might bo tempted to express my meaning iii stronger words." "Ob, it is oasy enough for you to answsr me, if you can satisfy your conscience ; if you can answer to yonrsolf for leaving your friend and comrade helpless and alone." " Was ho mora helpless than I ? Wo parted in the oentre of Africa. If I chooso the easier and shorter route homeward, that route was just as open to him as to me. It was his own choice to go down the Congo River. No doubt his next letter, whsnever it may reach you, will tell yon all you can want to know as to bis reasons for taking that route. Whon I offered myself as your son's oompanion, I accepted no apprenticeship. I was tired of Africa ; he wasn't. Thero was no compact between us. I was under no bond to atay with him. He may ohoose to spend his life there, as Cecil Patrington chose, practically. I wanted to come home." "Yes, to be first; to steal my son's sweet heart," said Lady Emily, pale with anger, looking from Geoffrey to Suzetto with flashing eyes. "Lady Emily, you aro unreasonable." " I am a mother,. and I lovo my son. Till I see him, till I hear from his own lips that you wore not a traitor— that you did not abandon bim in danger or distress, for your own selfish ends ; till then I shall not coase to think of you as I think now. Your mother will, of course, believo whatever you tell her ; and Miss Vin cent, no doubt, was easily satisfied ; but I am not to bo put off so lightly— nor your consoicnoe, as your face tells me." Sho was gone before anyone could answer her. Sho waited for no courtesy of leave taking, for no servant to lead the way. Her ownresoluto hand opened and shut the door, before Mrs. Wornock could recover from the shook of her onslaught. Indeed, in thoso few moment?, Mrs. Wornook had only eyes of ap prehension for one thing, and that was Geoff rey'i whito feoe. Was it angor or remorso that made him so deadly pale ? Whilo his mother watched htm wonderinglyj filled with a growing fear, his sweetheart wat tpo deeply wounded by Lady Emily's ecoinfu speech to be conscious of anything but Iter owe pain. She went baok to her plaoe At the piano, and bont hor head over a pago of muBic, pre tending to study a a intricate passago, but unable to read a single bar through her thiokly gather ing toare. (TO BI2 CONTINUED.) 