MARK TWAIN "AT HOMERS The humor of Mark Twain's chatty anocdotcs as used i n illustration of tho morals he sets up is not moro infootious than tho fino wit of tho little preface in which ho out lines those morals themselves. Last night's prologue was a dellghtul piece of dry humor, Homothing cotnplcto iu itsolf, and one of tho smartest and ncntost of his inventions in that particular class. His littlo " schomo " was that every sin or crime had its moral value to wards building up a character. It should bo stored up as a lesson aiul a bulwark against tbo commission of that particular sin again. Honce to arrivo at moral pevfootion it was necossary to go on and commit every known sin, so as to be strengthened against the repe tition of it. There aro only 354 crimes altogether, and an industrious man with strict attontiou to businoHs could commit them all in a year. His oharncter would then bo comploto. Ho then told how ho "withdrow" a water melon from tho cart of a farmer, hut finding it tho greenest water melon raised in the Mississippi Valey that year, his reflections produoed a "moral strengthening," bo he took back tlie water melon and set to work to refoim tho farmer, and innkc him give up tho bad habit of hawking green wator melons, and he mado tho faimor give him a ripo one. lie hod the double reward of starting that man on tho right road, ami a ripe water melon Since then I10 had nover stolen another water melon of that kind. Then came the con versation between Huck. Finn and Tom Sawynr about the crusade to rescue the Holy Land, whon they pulled up at the doctrine that it was a " religious " practice to take tho lnnd away from the people it belonged to. Mark Twain then duplored the decay of the great art of lying — not tho lio to deceive and hurt people, but the pictorial lio used for exaggeration and amusement. Ho gavo a few u pioturcsquo " samples of these harmless exaggerations suoh as American humor alone oiui invent, one ot the best being tbe yarn about tho moannoss of the company that duolcod one of its men for abscnoc wliilo he was up in tho air after boing blown up by a prematura blast. The story of the blue jay that tried to fill up a hut with acorns for the winter through a knot hole in the roof was told in the most ludicrous vein of exaggeration, and must bo hoard to bo appre ciated. An illustration of tbe disposition to jump at eunclusions on insufficient ovidonce was that of tho olt-rgyman who mado a great oration whon christening a child, but forgot to start by finding out whether it was a girl or a boy. The slavery of the States always provides Mark Twain with pathetic recollections, and he describod with touohing dotail tho separa tion of a slave mother from her ohildren and her meeting with her little son many yearn after. Looal interest wah touolied into tho keeno-tb life by tho announcement that Mark hnd started to write a poem on tho names of Australian birds and animals, and his read ing of his trial efforts convulsed tho audience with laughter. Sketching the life of the mining country of Nevada, he told the tickling story of his due), he having in his nowpapcr called some "ovor senHitivo" parson a horse thief or something like that, A negro's j ghost story — a unique thing among negro stories — was the closing item, and tiro humorist bade good night to his large and Hympathotic audi ence. Mark Twain will repeat this lecture to-night. Owing to the greAt suocess of tho season ho will give an extra address — his last in Melbourne- to-morrow evening. Tho country tour opens on Thursday night nb Bondigo 