ON WHEELS. ; THE SECOND EMPIRE OF VTYEE." Some Remarks/on the i. Biko : ' Fever., This is an age of change. Into every de partment of life the spirit of the age has entered. The leaven.. of modern invention lias stirred the 6ccial dough until it rises and threatens to overflow the political baking-dish. Almost everything is now done the other way. Pretty soon the clocks and watches will work backwards. If onr revered great-grandfathers and grandmothors could got a few days leave of absence and revisit the scone of their earthly joys and sorrows their astonish ment would know no bounds. (This re mark is not Btrictly- original with us, but as no one has vet taken out the patent rights for it wo venture to inako use of it.) Perhaps the thing which would strike theso anciont ghosts most if they started tooting around is the fact that nowadays nearly ovory second man — and shortly every second woman — is mounted on his own wheel. Fancy the shade of your groat- grandmamma strollingdown George-street, and nearly being knocked into tho gutter by your noisoless pneumatic tyro ! What an outrage on the conservative footings of a near relativo ! What a satiro on history ! Our own groat-grandmother caine to this city with Governor Phillip, and it would tako a lot to scare hor, but wo reckon if anything could do it that thing would bo a certain Sydney johnnie on his bicycle. The onthusiast in question is all noso and collar. When ho is coming towards you you can see nothing but uobo ; when he is going away, nothing but collar. Sidoways you got both noso and collar, and the effect is simply awful in its grandeur and extenBivenoss. A man of that description is a sight at any time, but mounted upon a bike he is more kinds of a sight than there are words in the office dictionary to oxpross. . Now that the girls are going in for \- wheeling, we may oxpect another re volu- . tion in every-day lifo. The old order of things in regard to courtship and marriage will bo further changed. It will be a plea- , sant and- agreeable sight to see a pair, of loverB, with wheels interlocked, going down an incline, the manly arm of the youth about the waist of the maid, their foreheads touching, their lips meeting, their oyos exchanging looks of love — until their wheels como into contact with a cow or something at the bottom of the track, and it busts the show. We would also take a front seat to see a fellow popping tho question to a girl on a biko going up a hill. A bicycle funeral is among the near possibilities of the future. No doubt thoy havo already had one in America. They always do theso things first in America. Local undertakers of enterprise should take the tip and have suitable hearses built with pneumatic tyres, plumes, streamers, seats for tho mutes, and all that sort of thing. Mourn ing bicycles, trundled along in dead march timo by the widow and mourners, will make the spectacle still more modern and up-to-date. ., .Soriously speaking, the bicycle, is, one of .. ' tho mo8tusefulof nineteenth century inven tions. In. an age when sedentary occupa- ; tions 'doprivo many people , of opportu nities for obtaining' healthful and ncces- . sary exorciso, i£s virtues cannot be too . much extolled, and the bicycle rider always lias the consolation of knowing that whorjt .. lie cannot rido, owing to lack of good roads, lulls, or . other obstructions, ho can walk and pnBhi his machinp before him. Thero have been many heated arguments in private, in public, and in the Press as to the relativo merits, of tho horso and the biko. As to onrsolves, we are. inclined to favor tho lattor. For one thing, a bike, no matter how. fresh, will not lash ont and. kick you in the stomach when you go to rub it down. Neither does it take gripes or colic, and require to bo walked up and down tho stable-yard all night. It does not get feet fever. It does not consume large quantities of feed when pricos are high, and it will not knock up and leave you in the soup when yon are going a long journey. On tho other hand, you cannot swim a bicycle across a rivor or make it prance when the girlB are looking, or jump it .over a fence, or any of those things. There Ib much more to be said in favor of' the bike, but we haven't space to spare just now. Some day when the Hen Editor is disengaged ho will start in to show the value of the same as a method of reform. A local writer recently advocated the universal application of tho common or garden variety of mangle as a means of settling all Bocial evils. If we had time : we could prove that Jthe . bicycle, and ndt : he." mangle, .Ib. the way out. Anyhow, it . would-seem'that we. have reached the roigja ; 'of a second ire. Are you tired P ; 