Chapteb VXl. Where there is mystery it is generally supposed that there must also be evil. It is 3 o'clock as Susan, with Jacky in tow, leaves the Rectory gate and goes up the village' towards the broad. roaa.Deyona tnatmounts steepwards to Crosby 'Park' Curraghcldyne possesses but one street and a.very "small one, too, but as a set off to that it teems with interest. This morning a pig- fair-was held in the "fairfield "—a square mass of beaten earth—, anything but "fair" and as unlike a "field as possible, and now that the "pavers of the rint" have : been" mercifully " re moved, _ bought ' or /".soldrf-the"" unsightly, patch is covered by young . colts that are being ridden up. and down by their owners, with a view to"showing them off; whilst"in: the far part of the field, over there, cows, Sheep, and donkeys are changing owners. Here, in the main street," much lively con versation is going oni. ' On the right Salter, the hardware man—a virulent Methodist who, calls himself a Protestant—is. retailing to' a hushed and delighted , group the very latest ritualistic news 'of-the-:curate just lately im.r ported and who, if a most estimable man, is undoubtedly abominably ugly. Short and stout and ill-made, poor Mr. Haldan'e has not proved a, success amongst the Protestants of the parish. His views are extreme and so are • his looks, and as Betty.most unkindly put it he should on his ordination have heen at .once. dispatched by the bishop'of the diocese as a missionary to the Cannibal Islands ■with a view' to getting rid of him as quickly as possible. He is a sore trial to Mr) Banry, the rector of. the parish, and Susan's father," But he had to replace the last curate in a hurry,.that young man. having* resigned his charge at a moment's notice because the rector would not give his sanction to having matins at 6 a.m., he said, hut in reality because Susan had the evening before rejected him with a haste that deprived him of all hope.. ' ' Just now the excitement amongst the groups . at Salter's is growing intense.. The curate had been knocked down. No 1 But be had fallen and so [oh—and so on. " A few shops lower down comes Mrl Murphy's, the undertaker. He, too, as indeed do all the shopkeepers in Curraghcloyne, stands in the front of his shop door chatting to all who come and go. A little, fat, jolly man, rather useless you would think in a solemn business like_"his, and yet the best undertaker for all that in the seven parishes round. Perhaps it is well to have a cheerful: person of that sort to dispel the dreadful gloom of death. However, it is, he is a mnrcr? sal favorite, and no wonder, when I tell you he is the man in all Curraghcloyne who can tell you most about the Babies. The ones, come, the ones to come immediately, and those iii the middle distance. The gayest, happiest: little man in the town, with a wife as rosy as >. himself, and quite a crowd of'embryo little undertakers swarming round his knees. " But these and many more of the Curraghcloyne celebrities sink into insignificance ! before Ricketty, the proprietor of "The Crosby Arms Hotel." This name is painted oh a swinging signboard, with a huge boar beneath. The crest of the Crosbys from all time.- - Ricketty—his name was once Richards—but time and many"" devoted , friendships baa brought it down to Ricketty, is a huge benign Irishman, with the biggest jaw in Europe and ■ the smallest eyes. To his hopes flesh have grown, until now be might have exhibited -hup? self in the most fastidious show in N&w; York : as the " Last P.f the yaca of Aflak," or gome. such attractive title. And as most big men are, so "is 'he—the mildest mannered man on "'.earth, wh°.would., have ran away if he had .been asked_ to scuttle a ship, and who would have fainted if the idea." of cutting the throat eyen of_ a' mouse had been suggested to him. Oneside of his hotel, has the usual bar blind up in it, behind which • is a parlor, where on special .occasions the . politicians congregated to air their eloquence ; the other side is given up to a fancy shop, kept by his sister, Miss Ricketty. ■ ' ' - Miss Ricketty is the wit and therefore the - scourge of the village (very little wit suffices for a village such as Curraghcloyne), and though nearly stone deaf, knows more of the '' goings on" of her neighbors than anyone else in the small town._ Of course there is a bank arid post-office in Curraghcloyne. And a town hall, were the future tenors and sopranos of the world some times 'kindly consent? to sing" to the poor ■ people round them. And there is the.draper's , shop called "TheEmporium," very justly, of . course; and there is a market-place too, where < everyone gays the beef and. mutton ,«©; bad and dear—but even the interest of all these fails before the caustic tongue of Miss Rieketty. Just as Susan reaches the window of the hotel that holds Miss Ricketty's show of note paper, ballads, buH's-eyes, woollen mufflers, the latest thing in veils ten years old, and the flotsam and jetsam of various seasons past, she finds herself face to face with Wyndham. "You have come back?'says she_ involun tarily. She is glad to see him. He is—well— scarcely an old friend, because the distances between his comings and goings to the Cottage make such broad margins on the leaf of time that he has hardly come into quite close con tact with the family at the Rectory. But they have known him for a long time and they have liked him and there is a good deal of soft pleasurable welcome in the glance that Susan gives him. He has been away now, she tells herself, quite two months. "Yes,"says Wyndham, smiling. His smile is a little preoccupied, however. " And how are you, Jacky ? My goodness, how we are grown. You'll be as big as Rieketty presently if you don't put a weight on your head." Jacky sniggles,, but, like Wyndham's smile, his sniggles are'a little preoccupied. Having . shaken- hands with the latter he retires behind Susan and wonders if Wyndham is going up to the Cottage and if he is will the ghost catch him. He rather hopes it. It would leave him, Jaeky, free anyway and Mr. Wyndham is a big man and would be a better match for her. . Susan, tcio, is thinking of the ghost. As Wyndham is facing now, the Cottage lies before him. Ts he going to'see the mysterious "prisoner?' Perhaps he is married to her This seems delightful. Like an old romance —so much nicer than the commonplace marriages of to-day. She scans Wyndham's face swiftly with a view to saying something nice and kind to him,. if she sees anything there to help her to believe in this sentimental marriage. But. evidently she sees nothing, because she' says nothing. After all, she tells herself, "it is of course a secret. "I hope you will come in and see father," she says presently when she and Wyndham have discussed the town and its inhabitants and she has told him all the news. He is in the habit of sleeping at the Cottage whenever he does come down, and in the habit, too, of spending his evenings at the Rectory, which is_only just over the way from the Cottage." "Not to-night, I'm afraid," says Wynd ham. "I must go.back to town by the evening train." ' _A slight frown gathers on his brow, hut he dismisses it as he bids her good- bye. . "Remember me to him," he says quickly, absently. He pinches Jacky's ear and is gone. (To be continued.) 