CHAPTEB XIX. JT/6T A BHAB0W. It is the little rift within ihe lute, That by and bye -will make the mnsic mute. — TiKimsOK. Captain Challis caught sight of tbe two faces at the church door as he and his bride walked down the aisle. His heart was full of very mingled feelings, and he was half inclined t-- resent Dr. Courtney's appearence after his refusal to attend him at the altar. ' It wasn't good fellowship on his part,' he thought to himself ; ' and what brought him with ATardyce, I wonder ? I did not know they were ac quainted. Well, well, there's no harm done. It is accident that has sent Allardyce here, 1 daresay.' ?' He was going to say something to Dolores, and call hev attention to the tn-o men standing there, when he was startled by her uttering a low moan, and was only just in time to prevent her falling by catching her in arms. ' My darling, what is the matter? he asked, in alarm. But she was white and senseless as the marble tablets on the walls, and he had to carry her back to the vestry. 'ihe two had witnessed the scene turned away from the door and went their way. ' Fopr fellow!' said Lord Allardyce, in a low tone. ?' You do know her, then ?' 'Yes.' ' And she recognized you f' ' Without doubt I saw tbe sudden look of fear come into her fa^e before she fainted. Oh, yes, Mrs. Paul ChaUis knovrs me very welL' ' And fears you, too ?' ' Most U!:c:y. As a woman with an evil cloud over her fears anyone who can let in the light upon her psst history.' ' And shall you do it ?' ' No. I would have stopped tbo marriage if speaking beforehand would have done it ; if any words of mine could have stayed Paul ChaUis in bis toad baste, I would have spoken them, even though I blighted my own hopes and forfeited his good will for ever.' 'Your hopes, my lord? Can that women stand between you and any hope of your life?' ' She could if I angered her bus band,' replied the young man, with a smile. ' Paul Challis ie to bt my brother a.t some not very distant date, unless something no one can foresee happens to interpose/7 ' I congratulate you heartily, my lord,' Dr. Courtney said, warmly. ' You will have the nicest little wife in London. Everyone likes Hiss Challis. It it a thousand pities this wretched marriage could not have been stopped.' ' It is, indeed; but lam dumb from this time forth on the subject She is ji»K wife now ; they are bound to one another till death separates them, and . &11 the ghosts of the miserable past could not undo that bond. You will not mention what I have told ; ? u, will you ? It can do no good.' 