AMUSEMENTS. The Brough-Bouoioault season at the Prin cess's Theatre is drawing to a close. In two weeks' time this oxccllont company, with its splondid ripertoire of plays; will tako its depar ture from Molbourne for another year. Notwithstanding that the publio support during the present iomoq bus not been bo encourftging as the merits of the company deserved, Mr. Boucioault is adhering to his origi nal intention of presenting the very latest and host work of tho leading English dramatists, instead of relying, as he might with justification have done, entirely 011 tho revival of old successes. To-night the opportunity will be afforded to playgoers of ssoing a very recent London production, viz., Tho Importance of Being Earnest, wrhiob was played for the first timo with considerable sueoess at tho St. James's Theatre in February last. Aoco'rding to sush a competent oritio as Olemont Scott tho quality of work in the play is brilliant, and " there is laughter in abundance " in it. The titlo is a play upon words, the " Earnest " re ferred to being tho name of one of the chief characters. The Acting Governor and suito will be present this evening. At the conclusion of the prossnt season of Messrs. Brough Bird Bouoicault on 24th inst., tile Royal Comio Opsra Company, which is at present playing in Brisbane, will renew its plea sant associations with the Melbourne public. Considerable interest attaches to the ovent, ns it will serve to introduce as one of the leading vocalists of the company, Miss Flogaitauh. This lady is not new to Melbourne, having appeared successfully as an amateur ; but during the intercolonial tour of the Opera Company she has taken the leading riles with marked bucccsb. The musical oritics in the sister colonics ir.deeu stato that Miss Flegeltaub is destined to be come one ef the leading artists of the Australian stage. There are two interesting oiroumstnnces con nected with the production of Saved From the Sea at the Theatre Royal to-night. One is that it is an entirely new molodrama seen for the first time in Australia, and the other is that it will afford a new actress, Miss Elizabeth Watson, the opportunity of making her first bow to a Mel bourne audience. Judging by Miss Watson's successful career on the English stage, she should be a decided acquisition to Mr. Bland Holt's company. Saved From the Sea is spoken of as a melodrama full of exoiting incident and affording the widest scope for effective stage setting and vigorous noting. | There oan bo no doubt that it will receive tbe very best treat ment that sueh an experienced manager as Mr. Bland Holt can bestow on it. By a oablo message received during tbe week from Mr. Shirley, one of the two joint authors, Mr. Holt is advised that the production is a huge sucocas in London. At the Opera Houso to-night, Mr. Larry Dooloy's droll doings and tiie exoellent contri butions of other members of the oompuny will bo supplemented by the addition of Mr. Slode Murray, a popular comedian, and Mr. James Harvey, a olever mimic, to the programme. In addition to this, a novel display of club swinging will be given by a number of ladies. Under the now management of Messrs. Will Whitburn and W. Akarman, the programme at tbe Oxford Theatre shows no falling off in attraotiveness. Several changes are announced for to-night. Mr. Will Whitburn will introduoe a number of specialities of a humorous nature, in addition to his laughable skit, tbe Suburban Ghost. Herr Kruse'a second concert will bo held at tho Bijou Theatre this evening, and judging from the booking it is protty safe to prophosy another bumper house. Our talented visitor will play with orchestra Spohr's Concerto in E minor, No. 7, Beethoven's Romance in F, and will join Herr Benno Solierek in Tartini's sonata in G minor for piano and violin ; while Mr. Marshall Hall's orehestra will play tho ovcrturo to Don Giovanni (Mozart), and Madame Elise Wicdermann will, by request, .repeat-tho-study .on Tristan uad Isolds, , 