THE NOVELIST. ' "THE ONE MAID FOB ME." OHAPTER IX. No," she answered very low, trembling in the strange raptare of confession, 1 1 will not teU yon that, because I cannot. Basil, I I— think I think I loved you on the day I met you at Stratton Station nnd brought you home to tho farm; though, from tho vory beginning, you know, I wanted and meant to bate yon, and indeed tried my hardest to do so. Yes — I did j but I was weak enough to lore yon instead, yon soo ; I don't know why — I .ouldn't help it, I Bupposo ; and — I — I— well, I hare loved you — yos, lovod you you ever since.' Tfia la«f. wvawta vam whirmrad on fchn vnunn man's breast, for ho was holding Bethany firmly to hit heart. Half laughing through the happy tears, tho looked up at him in tho gloom ; and the end of Bethany's sweot oonfession was kissod into passionate silence. How late it bad grown, when at last they went slowly back towards tho houso, the yonng man and his companion hardly dared to gness. The gibbous moon had risen behind tho darkling elms — where tho float wild euinea-fowl roosted always. scorning all lowlior and snugger shelter, when the snn went dawn— and soon, to their dismay, tho culprits heard tho church- olock over at Crazies chiming out a quarter to eleven. Bethany at oneo suggested that they should ran the rost of the way ; but Busil declined stoutly to do anything of the kind. Life's golden moments, he told her, were too infiaitely precious to be thus wilfully curtailed — to be flung, as it were, that lightly away. They found, on their return, that tho harves revel was over, and tho yeoman him- wi wm exunguismng tue "gnu, now hnrnlng feebly amongst the evergreens on walls of tho barn. 'Tomtit,' said her father, in grave sur prise, ' where have you been 1 Dick and Sybil went hslf-an-hour ago and wanted to ay ' Good night.' ' Ob, is everybody gone, then f said the girl, laughing a trifle nervously, and wonder ing if her father would notice how flushed and tell-tale woro her cheeks, how brilliantly bappy waa the love light shining in her eyes. ' Yes— everybody — nil cleared out,1 John Goring answered, with a serious scrutinising glance from one to tho other, as if he would read the mind of each ; ' and Huldnb is gone to bed, tired oat, and with a bad headache too, I am afraid. Cousin Liza — not too patiently, I expect — is waiting supper for us indoors.' ' Shall I tell him to-night, Bothany T Basil murmured in ber car. She nodded and whispered — ' Yea ' — adding aloud, ' poor cousin Liza I I will ran in and caso hor anxiety, dear father, whilat Basil — I — I mean Mr. Tborndyke — stops here with you for a moment end helps you to lock up the barn.' She vanished forthwith ; and young Thorndyko turning quietly to John Goring, aaid with simple directnoss — ' I love Bethany, sir ; she is all the world to me. To-night I bavo asked her to marry me, and she has said ' Yes.' ' OHAPTER X. "WniN the inmates of Goodman's Rest had recovered from their first surprise of tho news, after-events seemed to Bhnpe them selves very surely and speedily in the calnior days whioh succoeded. To tho yeoman, just at first, perhaps, it ail seemed exceedingly strange and improbable, becauso, remember ing bo distinctly how Bethany had comported herself in tho anxiouB time beforo the arrival of Mr. Thorndyko, the father had somehow set it firmly into his mind that his young daughter must, if anything, dislike thoir now friend. Could it then really be possible that the old hostility, the old wilful prejudice and unreasoning antipathy, had within so short a time given place to something which indeed was the reversal of her earlier mend 1 If Miss Eliza had been asked privately for her views on the cose, she would havo stated plainly enough that she was astonised at tho tnrn affairs had taken, for the simple reason that she was in a mannor disappointed in Basil Thorndyko — she had considered him a yonng man of a typo far too sensible to throw his heart away on a girl like Bethany. Yet, after ail, eonsin Liza was a good and generous soul ; and she kept this uuflattoring opinion — no one inviting it— religiously to hersoif, kissing Bethany very kindly upon either cheek, nnd telling the young girl that she hoped with all hor heart that her future might be a bright and a happy ono witli Rn.il Huldah alone evinced no surpriso — she had foresoen from tho vory beginning how mattors were likoly to end. ' Oh, my darling, yon have my best wishes, believe me,' she said, holding Bothany to her bosom In a tender oldsr-aistcrly embrace. 1 If my prayers can holp you and — and him, dour, your life together will bo a happy ono indeed.' 'Why, Huldah,' Bethany said, 'ono would think — yes, I declaro ' — putting hor a little distance of, tho better to look into her face — ' yon are crying. Actually thore are tears on yonr Isshes ' 'No, no, no I' Huldali interrupted hastily, trying to smile. 1 You are fanciful, my pet. I am not a tearful person as a rule, you knew ; hat of this be sure, Bethany — I shall cry about it by-and-by. I cannot hear the thought of losing you; the old homo will seem very desolate without you. I am misorablo now when I remombor what must happen soon.' ' Well, everybody is very kind,' said Bethany, with a sigh of deep content ' I am sore we onght to be happy, Basil and In their first soriouB interview touching tho engagement, John Goring said to tho ' I 'am a proud man myself, Mr. Thorn- dye ; don't forgot that I should be very much averse to 'Bethany's entering your family, or indoed anybody's family, if I of . it would likely to look down ppon W »ud rwirt ber wWj.' ' My naolo and cousins will he porfeotly satisfied if I marry a gentlewoman, replied Basil simply. ' No man can do more.' ' Your ancle, Sir Henry, and bia family, yon moan,' said the yeoman thoughtfully ; ' bat I boliovo we havo heard you speak somotimos of another uncle, and another cousin, my boy — haven't we V 'Ob, tho Colonol and my coasin Rooko, you're thinking of I' said Basil with a care less laugh. ' I care not a brass farthing for tho good or tho bad opinion of my unclo James, or for that of Rooko either — thoy are nothing to mo. It will bo all right at Nightingalo Court ; do not fear. I am writing to my unclo Henry to-day.1 'I can givo Bothany no money, you know, at presont,' Mr. Goring said sadly. ' How it will bo in tho future I can't say.' ' And wo don't want any, sir,' replied tho yonng man with a pleasant smile. ' An you are aware, my uncle has always allowed me two hundred a year ; and my salary in the Blue Envelope Office will bo two hundred nnd fifty to begin with. So, with four hundred and fifty pounds a year, we ought to rub along capitally — don't you think so 1' 1 1 should hope so,' said tho yeoman slowly, perhaps romombering that Bethany's tastes were not oxactly of tho simplest, and that in a matter of pocket-money, even as a school girl, sho had never known a pinch for a five- pound nolo. Hxrd- prssscd for cash as ho himself might be, he had always taken good care of that. Whoever might havo suffered at any timo in that direction, it was cortain that Bothany herself had not. Thon Basil pleaded hard for a short engagement, and asked whether thero was aDy reason why they should not ho married beforo tho winter. Ho knew London thoroughly, in certain outlying districts there were plenty of small convenient houses to bo had ; and would not take much, he oxplnincd, to furnish modestly one of these. Surely in their case a long engagement was totally unnecessary — cruel evaa I Had tbey not been living beneath tho samo roof, and con- stantly in the Bociety of cnch othor, for tho past throe months 1 If by this time thoy did not know and understand each other perfectly will, it was hardly likely that thoy ever would, Basil argued earnestly. But the yeoman troubled and hesitated, ' Bethany is not yet eighteen — she will not bo eighteen until next January, ' he said. ' And you, my boy, are only twenty-three. What is that song yon sing us of an evening sometimes — ' Young Enough to Wait,' isn't it called 1 Well, do yon not think, Basil, my lad, that you and Bethany are young enough to wait a while longer, like the youthful pair in that song of yours 1' Basil said sturdily, No — ho did not think so. ' Considor, sir,' said ho ; ' I shall bo going away from you all and Goodmnn's Rest in shout ten days' time, and tho happiest three months I have known in all my life will then have to como to an end ; but I could not live now without seeing Bethany constantly. If sho is not with me, why, I must come to her — that is all. You will bo sick of the sight of ine, I will come down so often. Do you think, therefore,' said tho young'man artfully, yet Bmiiing frankly all tho while, ' that, if only from an economical point of view, it would be the better and the wiser plan for you to give mo Bethany at once — or, at least, say, in a month or so — so that instead of my spending money continually on her account, I might be patting it snugly by for her, you see, against the coming of the traditional rainy day V Bethany's father howevor was still uncon vinced. It might be good reasoning ; it sounded plausible enough ; but Bethany's future nnd Bethany's happinoss were to John Goring far inoro account than his own, and headlong hasto in so serious an nffair as matrimony had never been reckoned a wiso procedure. 'We'll talk it over, Basil, with cousin Liza, and hear what sho has to say,' John I Goring said. ' Her opinion and counsol aro generally worth having. And wo will wait and hear what your unclo may havo to say about it ton. We won't decide in a hurry. For my part, I need not remind you that I only want Bethany to be bappy. And, Basil, my boy, you who are by- and-by to be as my own son, be always gond to her, always kind. Remombor this— if you ever coaso to love her, or caused her a moment's intentional pain, I could never bring myself to forgive you — never 1 Sho is my one ewe- lamb, my fair little Bethany I' The young man clasped tho yeoman's hand. 'Give hor to mo soon, nnd you will see,' he said gently. ' As heaven is my witness, you shall never regret it I1 Bethany was down in the meadows by her self—that is to say, Basil was not with her, but the dogs woro. Tho young man, having a letter to post and a telegram to send of to London, had driven into Stratton with Mr. Gorintr. Bethany, in her favourito nook, sat on tho grass undor the willows, the soft one mollow sunlight of the September afternoon glinting all round her, Loddon, amongst its osier beds flowing tranquilly at her feot. ' Snip, Bang, and Jinks,' said the girl, snapping her fingers to tho truants, ' come here this minute, all of you, and leavo the poor dabchicks alone, if you can. I want to talk to you.' Tho dogs came obediently to her call and squattod, with lolling red tongues, before her ; little Jinks Indeed, all wet and muddy us ho was, wriggled himself into her lap and put his fore-paws upon liar bosom. But his mistress did not chide him for his naughti ness ; she kissed him for it instead. ' Doggies dear,' said the girl, more sadly than she know, ' I am going to bo married, and that means that I am going away and cannot tnko you with me ; for somebody says — somebody whom you and I love vory doarly — that you would be wretalied in a little hack-garden in London, after all tho freedom and oxer iso you have hem accus tomed to at Goodman's Rest. Do you think you would 1 Ho says that, being country bred dogs, you know, and not being nsod to town life, you would never be happy or healthy in London. Perhaps you would havo to bo chained up oven, and wear a muzzle when Bho went out for a walk, and very likely you would howl at night and be a nuisance to the neighbours, be says ; and ao-and so we shall have to pari, »y Jinks gave her a sudden loving lick ; Bang | panting, thumped hie tail upon tho gross ; and Snip rasing his sharp black moist snout uttered a mournful whino. ' Yes/ Bethany went on seriously, stroking the lutlo fond mongrel's wiry haidputeos she talked, 1 1 am to be married in November it seems — that is, I believe, in about six weeks' timo. Doesn't it sound funny- altogether strango and unreal 1 For the grand folk at Nightingale Court havo been very civil— havo writton, oh, bo kindly to father and to mo, and say thoy are quito sure that Basil has chosen wisely ; and he is to tako mo there, moreover, at Christmas to bo made known to them all ! Oh Snip, Bang, and JinkB, my dearies, pity mo, won't you? When tho time comes, how norvous and frightened I shall bo„ sha'n't 1 9 Yes, father lias been coaxed round to Basil's wav of looking at things, and cousin Liza herself has been porauaded by him likewise ; and among them thoy havo decided that, young as wo are, thero is actually no reason why we should wait an indifinite time, submit to a tiresomo long engagement, which, after all, in our case——' ' No roason on earth, oh, sapiont Snip, Bang, and Jinks !' cried Basil's laughing votco immediately behind her. Bethany started to her feet with a glad cry of surpriso ; and the three dogs, leaping around tho young man, barked their joyful recognition of bim in noisy chorus. 1 Oh, Basil back so soon T How good of you !' Yes ; and I havo something hero for you, my darling — somothing which I found waiting for me at the post-office, it having just arrived from town/ Ho took her little pink left hand in his own, and slipped upon tho slender third finger a golden hoop Bet with diamonds and rubies — hor engagement ring. Bethany's rapture found vent in rewarding her lover in precisely the agreeable manner ho had anticipated ; and then she kissed the beautiful ring on her hand again and aiuun. and realised, perhaps, for the first time, that she waa indeed engaged to bo married to Basil Thorn dyke. 1 And this comes,' ruminated Bethany, 1 of bating a person even before you have set eyes on him I What a pity it is that we cannot sometimes peep into tho future 1 How interesting it would be !' CHAPTER XI. So young Thorndyko, bis holiday over, returned to London and the Blue Envelope Office an engaged man j and he and Bethany wrote to each other every day. Thero were left to Basil now barely six weeks of bachelor freedom in furnished lodgings ; and there was muoh to bo accomplished in various directions within thoso six short weeks. And, if Basil in London was exceedingly busy proparing for tho all-important step in hie life, Bethany in tho quiet old house at Goodman's Rest— curiously quiet aud repose ful it often seemed toj her now that the worry of harvest was over and Basil gone— was even more so in a feminine way. Huldah was the young girl's right hand in all mattera appertaining to tho 4 trousseau indeed, without Huldah, Bethany, dcolared sho could not have bsen ready in time— which possibly was no exaggeration, seeing that Bethany disliked hard work in any form and at any season, and had nevor really performed any in her life. Yet sho felt rather fagged one afternoon in October, and sat idly at tho great bow- window of her bed-room, looking wistfully out at the gray low sky and the fast-dis appearing foliage of the dim nnd sere old garden below, A Stratton dressmaker had been with her since the morning and had just gone; Huldah was folding dressos and laying thorn on the bed. Bethany roused hersoif and called to her. 'Huldah you'll slave yourself to death! You've looked as whito as a ghost for days pnst ; nnd you'vo done enough for to day, I'm sure. It's nearly five o'clock aud getting dark. Do leavo off now and como and sit down hero with mo in the window, and rest yourself and talk, and Anno shall bring us up some tea/ ' Not yot, dear; I roust finish what I am doing. I'm never tired, you know ; work agrees with me/ And without hard work of some kind just at that time, steady hard work and plenty of it, Huldah told herself desolately when the pain was heaviest that sho could not have borne the burthen of her daily life. How sho would bear it all when Bethany was married and gone away, and there was nothing left for her to do but to sit down with her bands folded before hor and recall the past and its impossible dreams. Huldah did not know, dared not think, as thoso still grey autumn dayB went quietly swiftly by, bringing nearer and nenrer with every dawn the thirteenth of November, Bethany's wedding-mom. A ring came at the hall-door bell. Hflflinnv Inmnnrl im frnm tlin In w windnw cushioned seat and forgot that sho had felt tired a moment before. (to bb continuzo). 