Municipalities Desirous of Becoming Shires. WHILST the preparations for the establish ment of local government have been pro. ceeding attention has been drawn to two classes of cases which were seemingly never anticipated. In one case certain people objected strongly to being compulsorily associated with a municipality whose finances were far from being in a buoyant condition, the objectors arguing that if the local authorities with whom it was proposed to associate them bad not been prudent and economical in the past it was hopeless to expect that these essentials to successful administration would characterise their action in the future. And the new people who were thus to become attached to the older community protested against accep.ing in any case an existing financial responsi bility which had never conferred any benefits upon them. On Thursday another kind of case cropped up, being brought under the notice of the Local Government Commis sioners by the municipality of Jerilderis. Jerilderie happens to be encircled by a proposed shire, to which the name of , Momalong" has been given. The repre s. ntatives of Jerilderie (a deputation) asked that Jerilderie and " Mnomalong" should be connected into one shire, to which thL name Of "Jerilderie" should attach,. A second deputation had also a request to preler which involved the Fame questi-:n. This deputation seas composed of the Mayor and council clerk of Cowra, who objected to the boundaries proposed to be given to the Morongla and Canowindr.a shires, and indi cated boundaries of an area which they desired to be attached to the municipality of Cowra, Judge Murray inlomed bothil depu tations that what was contemplated by them could not be done in the way they asked. A shire was a shire and a municipality was a municipality, and the existence r;f each was governed by a different set of conditions A municipali:y might be made to embrace what was proposed as a shire, but a shire as a shire could not be made to embrace a municipality as a municipality. ,The boun daries of a municipality could be enlarged, even to the extent of taking in all the country existing between that and the neighbouring municipalities, but the only way in which that could be accomplished .was in accord attce with the provisions of the Municipalities Act. It was ntot the intention of the present Act that a municipality should be absorbed in a shire. The Express states that Dr. Clifford, after x7 years' practice in Cooma, has retired from professional life, and will in future de vote his time to the personal supervision of his estate .t Bredbo. 'Tis very certain; mau, ttolsgh dead, retains Part of himself; the immortal mind reuminus; The form subsists without the body's aid, Aerial semblance, and an empty shad I! This night my friend, so late in battle lost, Stood at my side, Ia pensive, plaintive ghost; Even now familiar, as in life, he came l Alas I how different I yet how like the same I 23rd Book Homer's Iliad. 