ENDEAVOUR CONVENTION. ENTHUSIASTIC MEETINGS; ADDRESSES BY MISS BARWOOD AND PASTOR HARRIS. The meetings of the Tasmanian Christian N Endeavour Convention, which commenced e at Hobart on Tuesday, have proved to be f very enthusiastic and fruitful. The presi- I dent (Mr John Macfarlane) delivered an 1 interesting address on the foreign mission I work on the opening of the conference, and t he was followed by the Rev. R. A. Thomp- t son, who spoke eloquently on the same t work. Two addresses were given by Laun. r ceston delegates, which are culled from our exchange: Miss Barwood (Memorial Church) directed attention to a passage in the Book i of Genesis (xxiv., 58), " Wilt thou go with this man ? I will go." They often asked 1 the L'rd Jesus Christ to go with them to their meetings, hnd it was very blessed to c know that the Master did go with them, and that they found rest and joy in His presence. But Christ not only wanted them to ask Him to go with them; He also f wanted them to go with Him. They read f that " Enoch walked with God;" not that I God walked with Enoch. She thought there was a difference between the two, The Lord Jesus asked them that afternoon 1 if they were rot willing to go with Him. To go with Fim might mean staying at home; it might mean India or China, or some other place in the regions beyond. If the message came to them would they go ? There were only two things that would enable them to go. She had once heard a speaker refer to the "ro mance" of foreign missionary work. If they had ever felt the Lord's call they would know that there was no romance in it. There was no romance in Eaying gcod by to loved ones, and the work the Lord was blessing them in. They needed to have their hearts filled with love to Christ, and to behold Him, before they could be willing to go with Him. Three hundred years ago in a German city an artist touched with the love of God painted a picture called "The Thorn Crowned King," writing beneath it, " Al this I did for Thee. What has Thou done for me ?" One day a young nobleman saw the pic ture, and the words went right down into his heart. He realised how much Christ had done for him, and the question came, what was he willing to do for Christ ? And Count Zinzendorf, the founder of the splendid mission church, the Moravian Brethren, answered that question by his devoted life and work. That church to day sent one out of every 92 of its mem bers into the foreign field, and had three times as many communicants in the mis sion field as at Lome. The Protestant churches sent one to every 5000 of their members. Let them think of it. They had nearly 2000 Christian Endeavourers in Tas mania. Let them think of the need-think of their love for Christ-think how His love brightened all the dark days and gladdened I all the bright ones-think of Him to whom they took all their care and anxiety and t trouble. Take Christ out of their lives, and they would get some idea of what it meant to live as those people lived who had 3 never heard of Him. The Lord would not a send forth unwilling workers, which they a trained. He might shut the door, and no I opportunity of such service be again vouchsafed to them. If they were to get I up and follow Christ they must learn to I know Him more. If any shadow of regret a could come to them in that city where sin t and sorrow never entered, it might be that r they had been unwilling to suffer with the Lord a little while here. One father had a allowed his daughter to go to China, saying ) he had nothing too precious to give to f Jesus. A year afterwards the Lord called o the daughter home, but the father still said nothing was too precious to give to Christ. Could they really say that that afternoon P If so, lit would be well with them. Let them do the King's service where he would have them do it. (" Amen(!") Pastor Harris (president Launceston Union) responding for the visitors, said that nobody had a greater sense of the kindness of the friends at Hobart than he had himself. If there were 150 Endea vourers from the north they had had 150 welcomes already. Very many of them could have found more than one home if they had been able to distribute themselves. He thanked the Hobart societies, on behalf of the visitors, for the hearty welcome and splendid hospitality that had been accorded them. He had heard of the hospitality of Hobart people long before he ever saw Hobart, and he had found that the reports had been in no degree exaggerated. He was S glad they met in such happy circumstances. If he could say a great deal about their ' societies in the north, he did not know that he was inclined to.Their Endeavour Society n was not a society of mutual admiration. C (Hear, hear.) They had heard a great deal s of talk lately about the strength and a activity and usefulness of their societies. He was not sure that it was a good thing to talk too much about themselves in that way. (Hear, hear.) They should magnify the Christ of God who had done so much for n them. He remembered that a few years s ago when the Endeavcur movement was started on the other side of the Straits q people talked a good deal about the danger which beset it-about this rock and that quicksand, and forty other dangers-as suring them that within a short time the movement was sure to get into trouble. They were, to a large extent, outliving those criticisms; the Christian Endeavour movement had justified its existence, and could go on its way praising God. A lot had been said about the want of spirituality in the societies. He ventured to say that C there was more spirituatity in the En deavour Societies than in the rest of the Christian Church. The society had really got upon its knees, and the Eociety would be hard to find whose members had not become more prayerful and spiritual by reason of their connection with the move ment. Another feature was the growth of the missionary spirit. If a movement had not the missionary spirit it had not the spirit of Jesus Christ. He thanked God for the Endeavourers who had offered for foreign service;,and for these who were in China, Africa, India, and the Isles of the Sea serving the Master (" Amen !") The Christian Endeavour Society was going to be a great agent in spreading the Gospel in foreign lands. It had also been said that Christian Endea vourers did not study their Bibles. That reproach was being wiped away. In New South Wales, in particular, they had a system of Bible study brought from America, and a large number of Eadee vourers were going through a long course of study, which must prove of inestimable value. He wished they could get that system introduced and extended through out Tasmania. As to evangelistic work, he knew of cases where churches had been filled with enthusiasm through the earnest ness of Christian Endeavourers. God had been working through the society, and they should thank God, and take courage. ("Amen!") When a certain French soldier was wounded in battle he looked up while under the surgeon's knife-he was wounded near the heart-and said, "Cut a little deeper, and you'll find the Emperor." There were many people who did not understand the Christian Endea vour movement; but if they cut deep enough and got at the heart of it they would find the Lord Jesus Christ. (" Amen!") He was struck not merely with the glorious possibilities and blessings of the society, but with the responsibility that attached to it. That afternoon he had been unable to join in the singing of one hymn about throwing out the life-lines. He thought, not simply of some one man or woman who might be sinking, but of the multitude of young men and women in Hobart, in Laun ceston, scattered up and down throughout the length and breadth of the country, who were being swept away upon the billows of sin-not merely in danger of sinking, but absolutely sinking-going to death, many of them without God and without hope. There were 2000 enrolled Endeavourers in Tasmania, 50,000 through I ou Australasia. John Wesley said, "Give me a hundred men fully devotedto God's service I and filled with the Holy Ghost and I'll win ?the world for Christ."He thought that was, perhaps, saying too much. But if they had 5\. 0,000 consecrated lives, ought they not to be doing more than they were ? The day . of Pentecost had come. They believed in t the Holy Ghost. Christ was at the head of their Endeavourism. What did they want more ? They wanted a mighty bap L tism of the Holy Spirit and of fire, If they d had such a baptism of spiritual power as Sthose early Methodists had the great Christian Endeavour movement would turn :f the world upside down, and they should y see the most glorious work ever beheld I upon the planet. He trusted that at those I- meetings they should get into touch with Sthe living Christ. First and foremost they o had come there to meet Jesus. Oh, that , they might go back quickened, inspired, e filled, endowed with the Ho!y Ghost and d with power! It only needed that to make t them a blessing to every man, woman, and a child throughout the length and breadth d of thoeland. (Amen!) 