FOOTBALL. A match Butchers v. South Esk will be played on the Invcresk Park %t 3 o'clock this afternoon. Butchers' team— Ferrall (2), Bryant (2), D. Gardiner, Batten, Fraser, Fa'wkner, Sturgcs, Smith, Best, Collins, Bennet, Marsh, Jarvis, Jones, Chandler, Young, Whybrow, King, W. Lane, Dowsett, Cannon. Our Devonport correspondent writes : — i notice that my wire of [the MerseyBarring ton match, played on the Recreation Ground, East Devonport, on Saturday last, was materially altered in transmission, and the result was directly opposite to that stated in your issue of Monday. The match resulted similarly to the match on the previous Saturday, viz., 3 to 0. and on that occasion I wired '' Three— niZ,' which was transcribed correctly ; but this time the message was ' Three — none,' but the 41 o' became ' i' be fore appearing in print, and so, instead of Mersey, S goals, Barring-ton 0 goal, ' the latter are credited with securing 1 9 goals. The play was very rough, and tiie | ground aloppy ; it was more a display of : brute strength and ferocity than an exposi tion of true football, as may be judged by the fact tbat the three goals were kicked by the winners in the first quarter, and tbe succeeding three quarters only saw a solitary behind registered. Great fault waa found with the central umpire (Chiplin), whose decisions were said to invariably favor the visitors, some of whom were notorious for using unbecoming language, and as one of them made a flagrant exhibition in tbe hear ing of Superintendent Driscoll after the termination of the game, it is probable that an example will be made of him. This victory places tbe Mersey equal with the Devonport in tbe premiership contests, each being 10 points, and Latrobe 8. Devonport and B&rnngton; meet at East Devonport on Saturday next Our Cressy correspondent reports : — On Saturday afternoon last the Creasy ground was the scene of a contest between the M'Rae's Hills Wanderers, led by Jas. Brumby, ana urecn aises aonaescnpui, skippered by H. Wheeler. Tbe majority of the players were quite raw at the game, and the ground being very slippery the on lookers enjoyed the fun. Tbe game was of a most even nature, and ended in a draw with four bebinds to each side. For the former team Burton (2), Brumby (2), Bun ton (2), and Stebbings worked well, while Wheeler (3), Skirving (S), and Jarmy did the lion's share for the lattef. Mr Les. Lee barracking element was much in evidence, j and somewhat overstepped the bounds of pro priety by encroaching on the playing space, but we trust a word to the wise will be sufficient. Our Wynyard correspondent reports:— A juvenile tootball swtQR between the Wyn yard boys and the pupils of tho Rev. H' Tranmar, of Emu Bay, waB commenced on the Wynyard ground on Saturday, but was knocked off at half time on account of the weather. The visitors had the befit of the game by two or three coals, but the Wyn yard lads seemed to be just getting into better form when play was stopped. June 24. Our Ulverstonc correspondent reports : — i On Saturday next our junior footballers arc | to meet the juniors of the Devonport club on I the Recreation Ground here to play the re- I «.uru umu2D. au uitcicBuug gtiuic io ex pected, as tbe clubs are evenly matched, and have some smart players. ' The Ghost ' reports : — The first match of the season between the two local clubs, Wandcrcre and Lefroy, was contested on Saturday ou the rccrcation ground here, which was in rather a rough state nfter the recent rains. The result of the match was never in doubt, and fiually the scorcs were— Wanderers, 6 goals 10 bebinds ; Lefroy, 2 goals 3 behinds. For the victors G. Ford, T. Dixon, C. Payne, G. Wabgh, and Mus grove did good work, while Barlow, Hanson, T. Hollow, Carling, and R. Illingworth showed most prominently. {The inauspicious aspect of the weather debarred a large o timber from attending, still a fair numbcrof spectators, including a few of the fair sex, paid for admission, while a good array of others ' were content to watch the match from the outside of the fcnce. Mr W. Elliott carried out the unenviable dutlcB of central umpire, and Messrs. L. Jones and A. Illingworth officiated as goal umpires. 