IMPROVEMENT SOCIETIES. VTEVER was Parramatta so utterly L TI destitute as now of societies that make for improvement in intellectuality. Literary societies, ecientific societies, musical societies, semi-political societies, even dramatio societies—in each case the return is mm ett. We read, as if in a dream, of great movements in other parts of the world—of reading circles, sociological classes, musical unions, debating clubs ; of lectures and discussions, of papers read and masterpieces studied; and we awake and -find ourselves—in a desolate Parramatta. Is there a blight on the place ? Do the ghosts of an old officialdom over-awe us? Is there'something in our past that stifles us? Does a dead weight of old Parramatta lie on us, and prevent our prising to create every day a newer and worthier Parramatta? Or is it .-simple lack of homogeneity—is it that great hunks of indissoluble matter clog the aotion of Parramatta's organism—that we ape all the caBte differences and distinctions of other countries, and represent an unnatural jumble rather than a civic union ? Or is it merely that the cares of the world and the desires of other things entering in choke the halfiormed ideas in that direction and so render them unfruitful. O poor old CEEAWELL, of Parramatta Lunatic Asylum—much against bis own will, it would seem—is to be identified with SIB BOOBB TIOHUQBNS if Mr. PaiBtwur and Mis. JEN- KINS oan maaage it. At the same time Mr. R. Sc .IT Ross locates Sm BOOBB—or rather his remains—in tbe Melbourne cemetery. Mr. JAS. BANKS HOBOES is equally eure be is, after all, TiOM-OAHkO, the celebrated claimant. A Mr. J. D. D. JACKSOH had almost incontrovertible proof that SIB ROGBB retained to Engand, and ultimately died quietly in Sussex. And the Crown is certain he has Iain at tbe bottom of tbe Ponth Atlantio since UU, Mrs JENKINS brings in spook testimony to establish CRBSSWELL'B identity «ith TCOH BOBNB ; but, to say nothing of the fact that Ibis is " hearsay evidence" at best, spooks are in a kind of disrepute fuat now. And if CreBswell were to suddenly take up Mrs. Jenkins's cue, and declare he beard voices conjuring him to " rouse and take his own tbe way ot tbo Tichborne Estates, may-be Drs. Manning and Godson, and the authorities gene, rally, would consider him more of .a .lunatic than ever. Which may show that a vile «on> spiracy exists among them all, from the Oolo nial-Searetary downwards: Or that Mrs. Jenkins's " voicei" may yet procure for herself a father acquaintance with the above-named specialists in mental troubles. HE shutting up of Parliament for a long T two months' holiday in the middle ol' what was to be tbe busiest and most productive session since about the Year One, has an nn satisfactory look. By February 2Gtb, when business reoommenoes, Parliament will have been in session just six months, with nothing but tbe wrecks of two important measures (the Coal Mining and Crown Lands Bills) to show for it. All tbe great first-class reforms—the caarying out of the mandates of the peoplehave been pitohforked into March or April next. Meanwhile the Legislative Council isgettin{; more and mora fractious; and the nnemployei difficulty is forcing the Ministry into.a tight place. When trade is " slow," and heavy acceptances are about falling due, it's hardly good buainecB to turn tbe key in tbe door anil go home. NE Parramatta man, whom we know, O raised the loudest complaints of any that we have heard this season; about the quality of the North Rocks water. Strange coincidence : That man -was the only person we notioed last year wasting—as we thought —tbe town's drinking water. . HILST we have a borough by-law relating W to the offence of driving too rapidly over crossings, some regard should be paid to it. It is but rarely that an accident opcurs; Still,—unless we do onr share to edaoate jlrivan of tahicles up to their responsibilities at all times, when a - manslaughter .-oase does crop up, shall we be free from blame F. That Is certainly a rather ugly way of putting it! (Is it not, Mr. ABTLETT t) A CORRESPONDENT sends .along a word J\\. asking " Why tbe Parramatta railway station is bare, cold, and lifeless, whilst every other station in the colony blossomB forth in beauty like the rose, each spring." 'We really don't know why. Ail we oan eay is,—A new Parramatta is rising, in which bluster, department-rigging,, low cunning, Bumbledom/ intolerance, tyranny, and general humbug, will be known looally to no greater extentTtban elsewhere. Perhaps then, when everything else is nice, we'll have beauty at our sUition. HE Mayor of Parramatta has determined T that the Counoil .shall again face the night-Boil-removal question. The specification drawn up by the Sanitary Committee, and thrown out under peonliar circumstances some weeks ago, is to be re-submitted on Monday evening. H OSPITAL Subscribers should elcot a real live President this year. The " old birda" were'eaught wi' a wee bit o' chaff, last time, it would seem. But, then, human nature remains very much the same old thing,-always! And a few polite compliments, and a few off band, bluffy expressions—" Thut-will be &U; light 1" and so on—generally, have a lot of power, unless we steel ourselves to grope for faots, figures, and common-sense. k CORRESPONDENT sends us a series of CJL questions (which by the way the Hon. J. GA&UABD; may be able better to answer than we) as to the singing lessons at the Reformatory ;—the qualifications of the ieacherf the emoluments; the teaoher'e emoluments from otfter souroes; the qualifications of members ottbeRegular teaching staff (so far as musio is ooooerned); and the general justice of present tt&ngements; !—We received oar corraipondent's questions too late, to deal With tbept c , "TTTE do not fc^ieve in deprecating discus, T » ' nest siisb » that wbioh took place at the last Granville Council meeting, over a certain coir. Sufficient attention is not yet given to such matters; and as a oonsequenoe, we are convinced, 1 the publio health suffer*. The ntmost fan should be made about the existence of all diseased cattle and pigs; till at last we become as particular aa tbe Jews as to the quality of the meat we eat. But why did Alderman KBWAH wait till the A teed was miles away before he called npon the Council to lock up tbe stall.. LSEWHERE we publish a few lines eng. E gesting to the Mayor to pen up on Saturday morning one of the beautiful tides we are now seeing.' Even whilst those lines were being written, bis Worship was forestalling us, by 2i hours.—A magnifioent tide was looked back on Friday morning. 