.DAYS OF DANGER, EcoPevaonr.] NARRATIVES O TILE BUSBJRANGING TIMES BY CMPTdIJ' I4dCIE. THE MACQUARIE GANG. PART XV. Dressed in the dead man's clothes, and as like him as possible, Brady had little doubt that he would not draw much suspicion. He arranged that if he succeeded he would send word or bring it himself. They were to stop at the house as long as they could; but if anything occurred to drive them away he appointed as a rendezvous a certain glen in the mountains some three miles distant. He had scarcely disappeared in the forest which sur rounded the house when two men rose from behind a log close to which he Vp assed a'nd stared at him. -?They+ were. f"iiitc?,vict dress, anida glance was sul ficienit to show that they did not belong to the free section of the people. Their stealthy and covert actions, and the evident pains they took to conceal them selves, showed that they feared detec tion. The two strange- looking men stared as though it was a ghost and not a being of flesh and blood that had gone by and disappeared in the thicket to the left of them. " It carn't be he, Bill?" one of the men spoke, in a awe-stricken voice. The man addressed only gazed after Brady intently, and returned no answer. At last he said-" I got a regular scar ing, Allf; but, now I think of it, Reddy wasn't near as tall as that fellow. It's some bolter has got into the house and taken the clothes off." The two men who thus spoke were no others than the assigned servants who had so treacherously murdered Reddish and his wife a couple of days previously. They had left the house with the intention of going to Low IHeads and trying to get off the main laud in one of the smugglers' boats that plied in the Straits. Finding that the convict gath was against the plan they had formed they decided to return to the homestead, where they knew there was a suit or two of clothes which would disguise them sufficiently for their purpose. They arrived b'tck at the moment that Brady was leaving for George Town, and, haunted with the vision of the foully murdered man, they at first thought the outlaw chief was Reddish himself. "That's wot it is, Alf. One of them chaps has been around and taken the clothes we want. Hadn't we better foller and 'pot' him ?" "No. Let's go to the hu: and see if anything is left. We might pick up something that would help us. Any way, we'll have to get some meat, for I'm nearly starving." They were both in the latter condi tion, if one could judge by the wolfish look in their eyes, and, without further words, they both turned towards the clearing. They had just made half-a dozen steps when they stopped simul taneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way-and indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging from the house were three men carry ing an object which the watchers knew but too well. It was the outlaws taking the body of Reddish to the shallow grave which they had dug some twenty yards from the house. At first the con victs took the party, who thus per formed the last office for the dead, to be neighboring settlers, or men sent from the station to do the work; but a few moment's reflection caused a dif ferent theory to form in their minds. There were none of the visible mani festations of constituted authority, and if it were only settlers who were thus acting they would be doing an unlawful act. Besides, neither of them could recognise any of those they saw as neighbors, and they knew the surround ing settlers well. The old man had been carried out by two of the outlaws, and when the third man made his ap pearance he did much to solve the doubts and surmises in the minds of the crouching convicts. lie still wore convict-dress, and the sight of the de tested garb suggested the solution. A party of bushrangers had come to the house, and, finding what had occurred, determined to turn it to some account. It could easily be seen that the old couple had been murdered by the con vict servants, hence why should the latter run away? One of them for a reason which the men could not fathom \--'had put Reddish's clothes on, and was making in the direction of George Town. What tihe nttive was con cerned tlhem but little, as the house was the object which their minds were fixed on. They were forestalled in its occupancy, and they mentally blamed their stupidity in not taking what they wanted in the first instance. For a few minutes they silently regarded the burying operations and snaw the body of Mhrs. Reddislh carried out and thlrown into thle hole. It was lill who firust spoke, and a smiile of devilish cnttuning lighted up his evil face as hie said to his companiotn i " I don't see as how wes can't tutn this to accourtt, Allf. Let ui to the station and tell the coitmantdant as how the house was attacked biy Isltet, and we got clear away btt the old 'tuis were collaredl. That mighit get its miitt of tile miess." T'he convicl's citolupassion at oInte saw the wisdomt of the sich-mei. liolth oltheti wnce iin a tight fix, atd it wisthl he ilaying a truImp ard if they Ci'itld shift tile blanie of tile hi coust Illrtdlcrs ont to otlhert' Ilcks. IThe mole they regardeld the idea the bietter it seemcid, atnd as it wnutl ble ncessary to take inlulediate actlilo they tsolved tI, at once sltart fotr Launccston nutld maiinke n statemientt to Ihe authorilles. Without furtlher loss of IlimC they turned inII the direction of Ilthe settlement and reaclhed tue outskirts ol the town shlortly after lo00on Here they were stopped by a con stable, and they asked to be brought to the civil commandant as they had most important news. Brought before that official they narrated in graphic fashion how the house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They had been taken by surprise and could offer no effectual re sistance, and Reddish and his wife were both in the bed upstairs at the time. What become of them they did not know, but it was more than pro bable they fared ill at the hinds of the assailants. They had concealed them selves near the house during the night and saw one of the bushrangers leave the homestead dressed in . the old settler's clothes, and when they left the place there were still three men at it. Colonel Balfour was at once com municated with, and when he had heard the story he resolved to send a party of soldiers to the place. It was likely enough the assailants would not be there; but whether or not it would be necessary to send a force to the farn? Taking six reliable men, he. set out about four,o'cloek;,,jin;t ern?oe ?oad4 calculated on reaching ihe place before nightfall. He knew the locality well,I and even at night he would have had little difficulty in reaching it. One of the convicts-he called him Bill-ac companied the expedition, and, as cal culated, they came near the lonely house about sunset. As it was possible the outlaws might be in the vicinity caution was neces sary, and, dividing his party into three, the men approached the house fromln different directions. They could see smoke rising from the turf-built chim ney, and that showed that either Red dish and his wife were in the house, or the attackers had not yet gone away. The latter seemed scarcely probable as the men, whoever they might be, must know of the convicts' escape and the fact that they would give an alarm. After waiting for a few minutes on the fringe of the bush, it was seen that tire outlaws had not gone away, and Balfour decided to wait until dusk and then rush the hut. From the manner those in the hut acted they did not appear to expect at tack, and this somewhat puzzled the colonel. As soon as the gathering darkness made objects indistinct the word was given to the soldiers to creep up to the house and at the signal rush in. Balfour himself, who never shirked danger, led the way to the back without the slightest sign that those inside were aware of the near approach of enemies. When the whole of the party had got that far Balfour moved round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the door and at the aperture that had been made by Brady to effect an entrance. There were three men inside, who were taken completely off their guard, and in an instant they were over powered and secured. Balfour at once recognised one of tile captured men as identical with an as sailant at Bartlett's, and he was ex tremely pleased to find that they had thus luckily captured three lmore of the notorious Brady gang. The chief of them was still at large, and he seemed to have extraordinary luck in thus es caping the authorities. The captured men maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no informla tion as to the whereabouts of Brady. Balfour, who was now getting an ex pert in the business of hunting down bushrangers, decided that he would re main in the house for three or four days in the hope that Brady might re turn. It was an off chance, but it was necessary that he should take the pre caution in case of the man's return. He would send tile captured bushl rangers back to Launceston in tIle morning and remain behind with two men. Four would be sufficient escort for the prisoners, and a couple of soldiers could be sent back to the house with 'food for the colonel. This pro. gramme was faithfully carried out with what result the reader will shortly see. We must now return to Brady. He found little difficulty in making George Town, for the day was a fine one and the country favorable for travelling. The settlement was a small one, and at the time, as now, of little importance. It had been a military station of con siderable strength in the first instance, but Launceston had taken the lead as the principal settlement in the north some years previously. The rather awkward navigation of the Tamar River caused many vessels to still go no further than George Town, and for that reason it had been selected by thle leader of tile bushrangers. At Low Heads, where tile Tantar en tered the ocean, there was a signal. station which sent intelligence to George T'own, and it was transmitted by similar mreans to Launrceston. There were several low publir.housecs at the settlement, minall se it wars, ad to one of these lrady went. tlis appeartance created no surprise, and he entered the itlace as though he were an ordinary c2tstorlrr. ''lThele were ,several rcrnr aboutt thie place, andl thIe CSpelienCced eyes of thie outlaw at once filrlnred aer opiniion ai t rlr who and what they were. At that tirre threre were a peculiar clalss in Vatt )ictitna 't:i l.art who werertt half-Irirate and halhlbthlat, er. lthey were tohlatced by thIe g?ov?Crltlllreot, fi)l at titmes thcy wscre very tsoetul to the :althtottiics; but it ws.l' simprrtly winking ITheise itndividuals wer e tithnd ,traits troen, atdt. It, a tr, oeaht hIlf rlrrct \When al wreck or:rrlcrled thtry WlItll rrtt antd teired all thIe bIroty thtey roui larl their ht dsri rtr, atlri it tat I rirt r lll I rr"tlji ness waso tIr thel y ltreop t lrntl ,leiletly Icied a wsort f lacitl;l il on thI e cOact, ig claft onf thre nuioth. There swere a couple o f these ft lIrrn in the t.rrrrroom which Ihady entetlt, artd he uorn ,rtttrle their ar t rlaint t;r ncr . tie had rirrtop ettroutgh tt trtttkC hirr rtelt ngreeable, atnd he stretrt it it good effect. 'tradutlly lie worIed out tf thenr, without excrtirrg irndue sttstric.ioln a conrsderablre rllrUrrlt of lnformatiorh It wcam ettrine known that u ntiranli. man" betrayed the escaped convicts. They invariably sided with them when they had to take sides, and on this cc casion Brady made stgih progress into the good graces of his new-found friends that he determined on the bold and risky step of confiding in them, HE was an extraordinarily keen reader ol character, and he was not mistaken in his judgment of the two men whom hl had thus fallen in with. He was not aware at the time that the reward fot his capture, dead or alive, had been inl creased to £aoo or he might not have had the courage to tell the men whohe was. It was a risky ihing, indeed, to do; but he resolved to stake his all on it, and, taking his companions into an. other room, he soon revealed his iden. tity. He had judged his men rightly, for thefellows so far from evincing a desire to betray him at once entered into his scheme. They were quite ready to join in the proposal that Brady Imade and could get three others of their sort to assist. The whole of them were good sea men, and with the help of Brady and -itpat~cc eempantionasttiey would.be able to take a ship round the world if tnecessary. They were sick of the life they were leading, for Governor At thur was beginning to put the screw on them and the good old times were passing away. Brady was of opinion that a dozen men would be required to navi gate a vessel such as they would be able to seize successfully; but his cosm panions told himl that some of the clew of the vessel would be sure to throw in itheir Ict with them, and the chief trouble they would experience would be in the direction of keeping down the number that would wish to go with them. Brady felt that in taking the men into his secret he had been wise, for they soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest importance. There was a whaling vessel of about 300 totns burthen then lying at Launceston, and she was expected down the river at any moment. She would remain a day or two at George Town, and the straits men were acquainted with the crew. ''Thle latter were a queer lot and ripe for any mischief, so that they wculd fall in with the piratical proposal which would be made to them. The only difficulty in the way was that of Brady's colm panions who had been left at Reddish's farm. As it would be necessary to set sail as soon as the ship was seized, they must be left behind, unless something was done to obviate such a necessity. Brady was faithful to his followers, and, as lie would not desert themt the straits men agreed to find a secure hid ing-place if Brady would bring them close to the station. They would meet him at a place less than a mile from the barracks and during the' night would smuggle the outlaws on to the small boat they kept on the river. It would be necessary to execute the plan at once. Brady was of the same mind as tile two smugglers, and lie decided to go back to his comrades at daylight the following morning. He could then get back about dark. He did not doubt the faith of the straitsmen in the least, nor were they likely to prove treacher ous. In the morning he left George Town as quietly as he had entered it. W\ith characteristic cautionlhe was care fill in approaching the dead settler's house to guard against surprise. lie fancied that he saw a thin wreath of smoke rising from the chimney as he neared the place, and that would indi cate thie presence of his companions. I-e hesitated for a time before going to the hut, and then lie approached it stealthily from the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearing he turned back again for an omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. lle had arranged a signal with his late corn rades to discharge a musket and this he decided to do. For a few minutes no thing in the wayofan answer was given until another shot was fired from the but. This was the signal agreed on, anid yet something tnisgave himn that everything was not right. To make sure lie decided to make a trial that would be very risky in itself, yet not so liable to end in capture as if he walked to the house. Strolling out into the clearing, lie sat down on a log about 8o yards from the house and kept a close watch on the place. For nearly half an-hour lie thus sat, and he was now convinced that something was wrong in the hut. He would still further test the point by another ruse, anddJe then made a show as if to retreat, HIe had not gone many yards back towards the bush when three shots were fired fromt the hut at hlim and several met. ran out of it after himl. I-e had unmasked tihe enemy in a very unpleasant way, but hre trusted to his fleetness of foot and ell durance to get away. lie had just reached the edge of the cover when a fourth shot was fired, and tile ball passed through his right thigh. It did not touch the bone, but inflicted a very painful wound and affected one of the sinews, as lhe soon found. lie could not run nearly so fast as Ireviously, and lie saw at once that hIe would have to itake a fight of it. Iis Isursics wcrete caining giound, and, turning ouidit, hlr lired at tile foremrost soldier. iThe slhot was rcsultless, and, thlrowing arway thei iiiUsket, Brady conitiried his Ilight. It, wrnl was Itow beginningiri to tell iII hilll, lie was fast lsing hIis naturl al icirrage, whir-h seinelcid to leave him withi thie oo/tinig Ibloodt. lie still h.ul two pilstols, andn, turniirig fio the eirirr sire, he litcd at the approalhing iness, arn then ai if a nervous fear had cirdc, hin hIe stntod stoik still and waield htr hir.i iurrsrie to t 'imine ip. s!s ttry btllr. iinrrrrdt'rI l lr e tI r Iers IirIwn hi i s itolnis urnl wrinr Iric kly !,ciuri'd. lThe finrllllls ICladt'r of tire linriy g.l rg was tihus cill) IuiiId aiIh itrJi hornst it air 11gglte, hi die time the tiial ot tire rutlaws e?anie olL ndt, of i:ot1inure tlhey wle all sinlteclIcll ll lealthI , Tlire paii whii Jh: the two c'iivicts trunk in the imrIndr if the Rerhdish,' was alsr cleared nh ; hut ith nntlirritics, iln view if thie way they hait been inlisinrntreral in etfectirg the iar urll nre of thie gang, l did niot execuile bul CiIIt icthni to Norfolk Island, D1.,o (Tlts RIul) 