THE NOVELIST. SONS OF FIRE. BY MI33 BR&DDON;, Author of "Lady AudleyV Seoreb," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor'* Wife/' "Thou art the Mao," &o.; CHAPTER I. A STRIKING LIKENESS. ino rnoet was at the Pig ana Whistle, at Melbury, nine miles off. Rather & near meet —as compared with the usuaL Appointments of the South daruin hounds—the OBbler remarked as Allan Oarew mounted a hired hooter in the yard of the Duke's Head, chief aod indeed only possible ion for a gentleman to put up at in the little village of M&fccbam;, a small but prosperous hamlet, lying in a hollow of the hills between Salisbury and Andover. He had only arrived on the previous afternoon, and he was sallying forth in the oriBp March morn ing, on an unknown horse in an unfamiliar country, tobuutwith a pack whose master's same he bad heard for the brat time that day. "(Jan he jump?" asked Allan, as he Borntinieed the lean, upstanding bay; not a bad kind of a horse by any means, but with that shabby, under-groomed, and over-worked appearance common to hirelings. "Oaa'che, eir? There ain't a better lepper in Wiltshire. And as clever as a cat. We had a lady staying here in the winter, Mrs. Colonel Parayn, brought two 'acke of her own, besides the colonel's two 'untere, and liked this here horee better than any of 'om. She w&e; right down mashed on him, as the young goats eay." "I wonder ehe didn't buy him," said Allan. "She couldn't, sir. Money wouldn't huy auoh a hunter as this off my master. He's a fortune to us." " X hope I may he of Mrs. Farkyn'a opinion when I coma home," e&id; Allan. "Now then, ostler, juBt toll me whioh way I am to ride to get to the Pig and Whistle by 11 o'clock." The ostler pave elaborate instructions. A public-houso here—an accommodation lane there—a common to cross—a copse to skirl— three villages—one Church—a post offioe—and several orosB-roadB. " You're sale to fall in with company before you got there/' cotioludort the ostler, whisk ing a bit of straw out of the bay's off hind hoof, and eying him critically previous to departure. 4 4 If I don't, I doubt I ever shall pet there," said Allan as he rode out of the yard. Ho waa a stranger at Matohaxn, a 41 foreigner," as tho villagers called Buch alien viBitors. lie had never been in the village before, knew nothing of its inhabitants or itB RkirroundiugB, itB cuBtoms, waye, local preju dices, produce, trade, scandals, hates, loves, subserviences, godB, or devila. And yet henceforward he was to be olosely allied to M&toham;, for a certain bachelor unole had lately died and left him a email estate within a mile of the village—a relative with whom Allan Carew had held slightest commune, lunohing or dining with him purhaps once in a summer at an old family hotel in Aibermarlo street, never honoured by bo much as a hint at an invitation to bis rural retreat, and not cherishing any oxpootatiou of a legacy, much less the bequest of ail the gentlamau'a worldly possession?, oompriaing a snug, well- built house, in pretty and sp&oious; grounds, with good and ample etabliug, and with farms and homesteads covering something like fifteen hundred acres, and produing an income of a little over two thousand a year. It need hardly be stated that Allan Carew was not a poor man when this unexpected pro porty fell into his lap. The ohildren of thiB w orld are rarely false to the Gospel preoept—to every one who hath ehall be given. Allan's father had changed hia name ibq yeara balorc from Beresford to Carew, upon hia succession to a respectable eetate in Suffolk, an inheritance from his maternal grandfather, old Squire Carew, of Fendyko llall, MiUfjeld. Allan, an only son, was not by any means ill-provided for when his maternal uncle, Admiral the Honourable George Darnleigh, took it into his head to leave him his Wiltshire property ; but this bequest raised him at ouce to independence, and altogether dispensed with any further care about that gentleman like profession, the Bar, wbiob bad bo far repaid Mr. Carew's collegiate BtudieB, labours, outlays, and solicitude by fees amounting in all to seven pounds seven sIullmgH, whioh sum represented the gross earniuge of three years. Ho riding along the rustia high road, id the clear morning air, under e sky of brightest sapphire, just gently Hacked with ragged oloudlote of ileuoy white, Allan Carew told himself that it) wag a blesBed escape to have done with chambers, and reading law, and waiting for briefs; and that it was a good thing to bo a oounfry gentleman ; to have his own house and his own stable; not to be obliged to ride another man's horeeB, even though that other man were his very father ; nob to be told after every Btdfisb day across oountry that he had done for the grey, or that the ohesnut's legs had fillod as never horse's lege tilled before, nor to hear any other reproachful utterauoeaof an ola and privileged atud-groom who kuew the hortea ho rode were not his own property. Henceforth his stable would be bis own kingdom, and be would reign there absolute and unquestioned, lie oould choose his own hornas, and they should be good ones. He naturally shared fch»« com mon creed of son a, and looked upon all an imals of hia father's buying as screws aod "duller-." His own staples would be something altO' gethor different from the drowsy old stables at home, where horses woro kenb and ohorished beaiuae they were familiar friends, ratbor than with a view to locomotion. His stud and hie stable should be a1* different as if hordes and grooms bad bcon bred upon another planet. Hb loved field sports. He felt that ib was in him to make a model squire, albeit two thou sand a year waa not a large revenue in these days of elegant living and Continental holi days, and eoleotin tR6tef. He felt that among his numerous nephews old Admiral Darnleigh bad made a wiso selection in choosing him; Allan Oarow, to inherit bis Wiltshire estate, He meant to bo prudent) and economical. He had spent the previous afternoon in a leisurely inspection of Heechhuret. He had gone over house and stables, and had found all things so well planned ar.d in such perfect order that he was assailed by none of those temptations to pull down and to build, to alter and to improve, whioh often inaugurate ruin in the very dawn of possession. He thought be might build two or three Ioobb boxes on one side of the epaoioua stable yard. There were two packs within easy reach of Matchnm, to say nothing of packs accessible by rail, nnd he would naturally want more hunters than had tufftoed for the oli Bailor, who had jogged out on hisolevercob two or three times a week, and bad gone home early after artful riding and waiting about the lanes, or to leeward of the great bare hills, and in snug corners, whore a profound knowledge of the oountry enabled him to make sure, of the "hound*. Allan's hunting-stable would be on a very different footing, and although Beeohhurm provided ample.wooommodatian for a stud of eight, Allan told himself that one of hie firet duties would he to build loose boxeir "I shall often want to pat up a ooupleof horses for a friend," he thought, ■ The morning was lovely, more like April than Marob. The bay trotted along oompla oenfcly, neither lazy nor feverishly active, but with an air of knowing what he had to do for his day's wage, and meaning honestly to do it# Allan was glad that his road took him past Beechhurafe, Possession had still all the charm of novelty, His heart thrilled with pride as he elsokened his pace to gazo fondly at the pretty white house, low and long, with a verandah running all along the southern front, admirably placed upon a gentle eleva tion, against the swelling shoulder of a broad down, facing south-west, and looking over garden and shrubbery, and across a stretch of common, tb&t; lay eloping between Beeohhnrsfi and the high road, and gave adigniffed aloof ness to the situation, seclusion without dnlne&i;, a hou^e and grounds remote, but not buried or hidden, "Nothing manorial about it," muied Allan; but it certainly looks a gentleman'« place." He would naturally have preferred some thing less essentially modern. He would have liked Tudor ohimneys, panelled walls, and a family ghost. He would have liked to know that his race had taken deep root in the soil, bad been lords of the manor centuries and oenturiea ago, when Wamba was keeping pig* in the woods, and when the jester's bells mixed with the merry xnueio of hawk and hound. Admiral Darnteigb, so far ai Wiltshire was concerned, bad been a new man. He had made his money in t hina, speculating in tea gardens and other property, while pursuing bis naval oareer with considerable distinction. tie bad retired from active service Boon alter the Chinese war, a C.13,, and a rioh man, had bought Beoohharst a bargain—during a period of depression—and bad settibddown in yonder prettv house, with a small but admirable establishment, each member thereof a pearl of price among servants, and had there spent the tranquil eventide of an honourable and consis tently selfish life. He h&d; never married. As a BiDgle man he had always felt himself rich ; as a married man he might often have felt himself poor. He h&d; heard Allan at five and-twenty declare that he had done with the romance of life, aud that he, too, meant to be a bachelor; and it may be that) this boyieh assertion, carelessly made over a bottle of Laficte, did in some measure influence the Admiral1* choice of an heir. Allan's father aud mother were of a more libera! mind. ** You are in a better position than your fAther wa9 at your age," said Lady Kmily Carew, on her son's accession to fortune. <lI hope you will marry woll—and soon." Tbtsre was no thought of woman's love or married bliss in Allan Oarew's mind as bo rode through the lanes and over a common, nod aoroaa a broad stretch of open down to the JLhg and Whistle. He was full, not of hi* inner self, but of the outer world around and about bim, pleased with tbo plea sant country in which his lot was oast, won dering what his new neighbours were like, and how they would receive him. " I wonder whether the South Sarum iB a hospitable hunt, or whether the members are a surly lot, and look upon every strauger as a sponge and an interloper," he mused. He had ridden alone for about half the way, when a roan in grey fuetian, and leather gftiterp, who looked liko a email tenant farmer, trotted past him, turned and stared at him with obvious astonishment, touched his hat and rode on after a few words of greeting which were lost in the olatter of hoofs. He had ridden right so far by the,aid of memory ; he now followed the man in Rrey, and taking care to keep this pioneer in view duly arrived at a email rustic inn, standing upon hivh ground and overlooking an undu lating sweep of woodland and common, marsh &n;(l plain, one of those pioturcBques oaaei which diversify the breadth of wind-swept dowa?, The inn was an isolated building, the few labourers' cottages within reach being hidden by a turn of the road. Hounds and hunt-servants were clustered on a level green on the other side of the road, but there was no one else upon the ground. Allan looked at his watch, and found that it was ten minutes to 11. Tne man in grey had dismounted from bis aervioeablHcob, and wbb standing on the preen eward, talking to the huntsman. Huoteman and whip had taken off their caps to Allan as he rode up. and it seemed to him that there was at ODce more respeot and more friendliness in the salutation than a Btr anger usually receives— above all a stranger in heather oloth and butcher boots, and not in the orthodox pink and tope. The tann in grey, and the huot servants wero evidently talking of him aa he s&t; solitary in front of the inn. Their furtive glanoes in his direction fully indicated that he was the subjnot of their discourse. "They take a curious interest in strangers in these parts," thought Allan. Two minntPB afterwards a stout man with , weather-beaten red face showing above a leather heathen red coat, rode up with two othur men. Evidently tho master and hiB itellitns. " Halloa !" cried the jovial man, " what the dnuce brings you bark so much sooner than Mrs, Wornock expected you? She told me there was no chance of our seing you for the next year. When did you arrive? 1 never heard a word about it." The masters broad dooakin palm was ex tended to Allan io the moat cordial way, and the master's broad red face irradiated lcind linab feelings. " You are under a misapprehension, sir," said Allan, smiling at the frank, friendly face, amused at the eagar rapidity of eneech whioh hid inado it impossible for bim to interrupt the Bp^aker. " 1 have never yet enjoyed tho privilege of a day with tho South Sarura. and this U my first appearand) in your neighbourhood." " And you ain't Geoffrey Wornock," ex claimed the master, utterly discomfited. " My name is Garew." " Ah, your voice iB different. I should have known you were nab Geoff if I had heard you speak. And now, of course, when ono looks deliberately there is a difference—a difference whinb would bo more marked, I dare «av, iF VVoroock were here. Are you a relation of Womock's ?" " I nevfir heard tho nair.eof Wornock in my life until 1 heard it from you." " Wwl], I'm dashed," cried the master, sup pressing a stronger word as premature so early in the day. " Did you see the likeuees, Champion?" asked the master, appealing to ono of liis satellites. "Of courso I did," replied Captain Cham pion. "I was just as much under a delusion as you were — and yet—Mr. Carew's features are not the same aa Wornock's — and Uie eyes arna different colour. It's Uib outlook, the expression, the charAOtcr in the face, that) is eo like our fnond'a—and I think that kind of likenesB impresses cue more than mere form and outline." "Hang me if I know anything about it, ex cept that I took one man for the other," aaid the master bluntly. "Well, Mr. Oarew, I hope you will axonae my blunder, and that we may be able to ehow you soma fine sport on your first day in our country. We'll draw Weliout'a Wood, Hamper, and if we don t find there we'll go on to Holiday Hill." Hounda and servants went off merrily across the down, and dipped into a winding lane. A good many horsemen had ridden up by this time with half a dozen ladies among them. Some skirmished aoross the fields, others orowded the lane, and in this lattoroontingent rode the master with his bounds in front of him and Carew at hie side. "Are you staying in the neighbourhood?" he asked, "or did you oome by rail this morn ing? A long ride from Matobsm-road station, if you did. > " I am staying at the 1)oka's Head at Matcham; but I only arrived yesterday. I am going to settle in your neighbourhood." "Indeed; have you bought a place ?" "No." • " Ah, going to rent one. Wiser, perhaps, till you eea how you like this part of the oountry." "I have had a place left me by myuuole, Admiral Darn leigh." \- " What I are you Darnloigh'e heir? Yes, by-the-by, I heard that Beecbhurst was left to a Mr. Oarew — but I've a bad memory for names. So you've got Beeohhurst, have you ? I congratulate you. A charming place, com poot, snug, warm, and in perfect order. Stables a trifle Bmall, perhaps, for a hunting man." "lam going to extend them," said Allan with suppressed pride.. " Then you're going to do the right,thing, sir. The only part ill which Beecbhurst falls short of perfection is iu the stables. Capital stables as far as they go, hub it isn't far enough for a man who wants to hunt five days a week and accommodate bis hunting friends. Besides the owner of Beecbhurst ought to bo id a position to take tlie bounds at a push. " I hope it may lis long before that push oomes,"aaid Allan. "Ab, you're very kind ; but I'm not so young as I was onoe, nor so rich as I was once, and — the Preaober says there's a time for all things. My time is very nearly past, and your time is oomiDg, Mr. Carew. Whan do you establish yourself at Beeohhurst?" " I am goiDg baok to London to-morrow to settle a few matters, and parhaps hare a look round at Tattersall'e, and I hope to be at lieechhurot in less than a fortnight." "Ishall do myself the pleasure of calling upon you. Any wife?" "I am still in the enviable position my unole enjoyed till hiB death." " A bachelor, ah ! that won't last long. It's all very well for a sun-dried old sailor to keep the fair sex at arm's length ; but you won't he able to do it, Mr. Carow. I give you till our next hunt ball for a free man. You've no notion what complexions our Wiltshire womon have—Devon can't beat 'em—or what a lot of pretty girls there are within a fifteen-mile drive of Matcham." " I look forward with a thrill of mingled rapture and apprehension to your next hunt ball." "It'll be here before you know where you are. We have postponed it till tho first of May. We shall lrill our May fox ou the thirtieth of April and dance on his grave on the first." "I shall be there, my Lord," said Allan, . as Lord Hanbury gullopod off after his hunts man, who had just put the houude into the covert. A whimper proclaimed that there was some thing on foot five minutes afterwards, and the business of the day began—a goodish day and a long ono—two foxes run to earth, and one killed on the edge of twilight. It was 7 o'clock when Allan Carew arrived at the Duke's Head, hungry and thirsty, and not a little bored by haviug been obliged to explain to various peoplo that be was no relation to Geoffrey YVornook. j He had been too much bored at thiseuforced reiteration to mako any enquiries about this double of his in the course of the day or ' during tho long homeward rido; but when he had taken the edge off Ins appetite in his cosy sitting-room at the Duke's Head, ho began to question the waiter as he trifled with the customary hotel tart, a hollowoavern of short must enclosing a scanty modicum of bottled j gooseberries. " Do you know Mr. Woruock?"' "Yes, sir; know him unnommonly well. Wonderful likeness between him and you, sir. Thought you was hiin till I beard you speak." j " Our voices are different, I am to'.d." "Yos, sir, there's a difference. It ain't much—but it's just enough to make one doubtful like. Your voice is deeper aud stronger than his. And then after the first glance, one can hc-b it ain't the same faoe," 1 pursued the waiter thoughtfully. "Yrou've got such a look of him, you sec, sir. That's { wnat it is. one don't stop to tlnult ot the ebapo of a nose or a cliin. It's the look tlmt oatohes the ejo. I suppose that's what people mean by a 3penkine countenance, I sir," added the waiter garrulous, but not disrespeotful. "Has Mr. Wornock any land in the county ?" asked Allan. "Land, sir? Yes, eir," replied the waiter with a touch of wonder at being asked such a question. " Mr. Woroock is Lord of tho ; Manor of Diocombe, Bir—a very large estate —and a fine old bouse, added to by Mr. Wornook's grandfather. The old part is very old, eir, and the new part is very fine and pioturesque — and the gardens are oelebrated in these parts, sir — quite a show plaoe— but Mrs. Wornook never allows It to be shown. She lives very eeoluded, don't give no enter tainments herself, nor visit soarce anywheres. They do say that eho was not right in her mind for some years after Mr. Wornook's j birth, bub that's six-and-twonty years ago, and there may nob be any truth in the report. Gongozorla, sir, or ohoddai ?" "Neither, thanks. Aro the Wornooka an old family ?" " Very old family, sir. Old Savon name. Came over with lid ward the Confessor," "And who was Mrs. Wornook ?'* " Ah, there's a little 'itoh there, sir. No body knows who Mrs. Wornook was, or where sheoame from—and they do say she wasn't county, whioh is a pity, seeing that the Wornooks had always married oounty prior to that marriage," added the waiter, proud of his oonoluding phrase. " Mr. Wornock is abroad, I understand. Where?" "Inja, air. Cavalry regiment, the 18th South Saturn Lancet a." " Strange for a man owning so fine a pro perty to go into the army." " Well, air, don't you see, the life at the Manor must have been a very dull one for a young gentleman. No entertainments. No staying company. Mrs. Wornock, she don't oarn for nothink but music—and after all, sir, muBio ain't every tbiuk to a young man. He 'uuted, and he 'untcd, and he 'unted, from the time ho 'ad legs to cross a pony. Wherever there was 'ounds to bejollowed he went with 'em. But hunting ain't everv think in Ufe and it don't last long," added the waiter philosophically, "Mri. Wornock, as dowager, should have withdrawn to her dower-hoiue, and left the young man free to be as jovial as he liked at the Manor." a" Ah, that may oome to pass when he mar ries, air, but not before. Mr. Wornock is a devoted son. He'd be the last to tnrn his mother out of doors. And he's almost as keen on music as his mother, I've heard eay; plays the fiddle just like a professional — and the organ." " Well," sighed Carew, having heard all he wanted to bear. " I bear no grudge against Mr. Geoffrey Wornook because ha happens to resemble me, but I wish with all my heart that he could hare made it convenient to live in any other neighbourhood than that in whioh my lot is oat. That will do, waiter, I don't want any more wine. You may clear the table and bring me some tea at 0 o'clock." ' '• The waiter oleared tho table in a leisurely way, made up the fire, also in a leisurely way, and oonorived to spend a quarter of an hour upon work that might have been done in five minutes ; but Allan questioned him no fur ther. He flung himself baok in an easy ohair with his slippered feet upon the fender, and meditated with closed eyes. Yes, it was a bore, a deoided bore, to have a doable in the neighbourhood. A double riober, more important, and altogether better placed than himself; a double in a Lancer regiment—there is atonceohio and attractive ness in a oavalry soldier—a double whoowned just the kind of fine old manorialestate, fine and. old manorial mansion whioh he, Allan, would have likBd to possess. ..... Baeohhurst might be a sung little property; the house-might be perfection, as Lord Han-. bury had tiverred; but when a house of that calibre is said to be perfect the adjective rarely means anything more than a good { kitoben and a convenient butler's pantry, roomy cellars, and a well-planned Btairoase; whereas to praise a Tuior manor-house implies that it contains a panelled hall and a spacious ballroom, a library with a groined roof, and a music-gallery in the dining-room. After hearing of Wornock's old house, built when the fight at Bosworth was fresh in the memories of men, anil amplified by successive Venerations, Allan felt that Beechhurst was distinctly middle-class, and that liia sailor uncle must fiAve beou a poor creature to have found pride and pleasure in euoh a Cookney parad iso. Ho jumped up out of his easy chair, ehook himself acd laughed aluud at his own pettish ness. " What an envious brute I am," he Baid to himself. " I dare say, whsn Wornock oomes home I shall find hitn a deoent fellow and we shall get to be good friends. If we do I'll tell him how I was gnawed with envyoi his bettor fortune before ever I eaw his faco." 