TOWN TALK. : The following' news matter appears on the fourth ■ page of this issue :—Com nierciali1 Ah Engineering Feat, Coweu's " Bose Maiden," The Manitoba School Question,- An American Corner in Wheat, A Legally " Dead " Man Supposed to bo Living, Australian Natives' Association, A Display of Industrial Courage, The Grace Testimonial, The Hypnotic Craze, A Serpent-charming Scene, The Afghan Ameer's Son. The.general elections in the United Kingdom have given such an advantage to the Tory party that they can depend upon a working majority even if the Liberals should secure all the seats that have yet to be filled. Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Chancellor of the Exchequer m the Bosebery Ministry, who was defeated for Derby, has been elected for Monmouthshire "West, and a liberal has retired from Hawick Burghs to make room for Mr John Morley, who met with such an unexpected reverse at Newcastle. The elections in New South "Wales took place yesterday, and a general holiday was observed throughout the electorates. SirHy. Parkes opposed the return of the Premier, Mr Bold, for the representation of the_Kmg Division, but the venerable politician, whoso addresses have been chiefly noticeable for vituperation, was defeated, in spite of the support extended to him by the clubmen and waiters, who form an important political element in that particular division. Voting, in many districts, was impeded by heavy snow falls, the weather being very inclement. One of the surprises of the election has been the defeat of Sir George Dibbs for Tamworth, whose return was regarded as a moral certainty. The conflagration which threatened the complete destruction of the underground workings of the Broken Hill Proprietary mine appears to be subsiding, after rac ing with unabated violence for the last three days. An immense quantity of water was poured into the mine, and extensive areas of surface were displaced by explosions with the object of smother ing the flames. As a last resource, carbonic acid gas was forced into the drives, and the experiment evidently checked the progress of the conflagration. The expert in charge of these operations was able, with the chlorodizing plant at his disposal, to manufacture the gas at the rate of 90,000ft per hour. The timbering of the celebrated mine is of the most elaborate character, and it is esti mated that nearly two million sterling have been expended upon the work. Deputy-chief Officer O'Brien, whose bravery in connection with the EGlaria fire brought him so prominentlv iuto public notice, was despatched to Broken Hill at the request of the directors of the mine, aud he was very anxious to descend the shaft and inspect the workings. The directors, however, would uot permit hini to take the risk of being roasted by the flames or being entombed through the possible collapse of the drives:' Next Tuesday a visit of insuection to the Beech Forest is to be made by Mr B. A. Bobinson, chairman of the Sawmillers' Association, and Mr "Walker, a timber expert. These gentlemen have been commissioned by the Minister of Lauds, Mr E. "W. Best, to visit the various forests of the colony, and report upon the timber resources, and also upon the question of narrow gauge lines. The mission services of the Bbv. John MacNeil, evangelist, were continued last evening in St. George's Church. Not withstanding the dreary weather a con siderable congregation assembled, some coming in from the country a great distance. The evangelist gave an eloquent and stirring address, in which he spoke of the fact that all must die, and urged preparation for that event. He set forth death very vividly under the figure of crossing a river, and spoke of trust in Jesus Christ as a ferry-boat by which all might safely cross the river. It was evident that a deep impression was inadeby the preacher's fervor and felici tous illustrations. It is announced that the mission will be continued to-night and to-morrow in St. Andrew's Church, Yarra-street. Last Saturday evening the St. Paul's branch of the Ministering' "Children's League and some of the Sundav scholars of the parish gave a tea to "poor children mtlie Church Union hall. Tea was pro vided at 5.30 p.m., and 60 guests were well cared forby the scholars, aided by the associates of the league aud other ladies. It was "a very happy occasion and the time; passed pleasantly until S p.iu.'; -when tbegueats were each provided with a well- filled bag of pastry, etc., and departed woll satisfied with the generous and kindly treatment of their enter i tainers. The idiots who play " o-host .sometimes bring about " serious" results through their tomfoolery. The Brnns wick " ghost" gave a serious fright to a lad named Birch, 14 years of age, son of Mr John Birch, caretaker of the munici pal office? at Coburg, on Monday night last. The boy was returning home be tween S and 9 o'clock, and when at a lonely spot near the Pentridge walls an apparition iu white made its appearance, at the same time addressing Birch iu an incoherent manner. The " ghost " so scared the youth that he ran to his parents home, where he was seized with a lit, and remained unconscious for six hours. Although now recovered, theiad is still ill a very nervous condition. A very nasty accident was sustained yesterday afternoon by a young man named U m. Mathews ina somewhatpocu bar manner. As he was riding home to his residence at Moolap he was thrown from his horse, which stumbled and fell and bis leg was ripped up by a scythe blade that he was carrying under his arm at the time. He was taken to the hospital and admitted for treatment. An old offender named Agues Woods whose previous convictions are le<rion was brought up at the police court yet teraay monuug ou a charge of be in 1"! aild dl®°:deriy and with vagrancy! She U US found in the company of a mail named Frederick Wilson, who had a considerable sum of money in his posses sion. On the first charge the Si was fined 20b and 2s costs, in default days lmpnsonment, and the charge of vagrancy was withdrawn. Her ad mire^who was also fined.lOs for drunken ness, purchased the freedom of himself and Mrs "Woods at the price stipulated by theBench. Agneswas leniently dealt with because she promised to leave the town, and return to a situation in the couutrv, but, as usual, her resolution was weak. Before the night had passed she again fell into the hands of the police, being found in a state of helpless intoxication in Mercer-street. She will he brought up again this morning. Ann M'Gahan, a notorious virago, was sent to gaol for six months on tho charge of habitual drunkenness. The police have ascertained that the man Ralph Moroney, who created a scare in the Lovely Banks district recently by bis eccentric conduct, is identical with an individual for whose arrest, on the charge of vagrancy, a warrant was issued at Ballamt two years since. Moroney, who was brought before the Bench on Monday morning, is at present on remand for medical examination. The annual meetings of subscribers to the following charities will be held to day, viz. i Geelong Brotestant Orphan Asylum, in tlie classroom of the Mecha , nics' Institute, at 3 p.m.; Geelong and Western District Ladies' _ Benevolent | Association, in the Mechanics' Institute classroom, at 4 p.m.; Geelong Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum, in the Geelong Town Hall, at 8 p.m. Last evening four excellent specimens of the gold now beiDg obtained from Carr's Freehold claim at the rear of the police station, right in the township of Rokewood, were brought to Geelong by Mr Jno. Chambers and exhibited. The nuggets, which are of bright clear metal, weighed nearly Sozs. Carr's claim adjoins the grouud recently taken up by the Rokewood Consols Company, formed principally of Geelong shareholders, who have had three Poics put clown, and obtained satisfactory indications. Mining operations in tho Rokewood district continue to progress steadily, and during the past week two new " no liability" compauies have been regis tered, viz. , the Rokewood United Company and the Norman Company. A corres pondent of the Ballarat " Star " says " I am informed that the ground held by one of these companies is in dispute, and is likely to become interesting to the mining public later on, but the lion of the past week is the application by - Melbourne man, R. A. Stanley, for lease of no less than 1 6.0S4 acres of private property, bringing up tho total area to about 17,000 monopolised by the same applicant and two other of his friends. Doubtless the Minister of Mines will have something to say, probably by instructing the warden's clerk to rofuse to record applications for more than 100 acres, which area is sufficient for any company in such ground as that in question. The lease above referred to extends from the township of Rokewood to Cressy—a distance of about 12 miles. The important subject of un extension of tho water supply to the Cowie's Creek district is to be considered at a meeting of the ratepayers in that part of the Corio shire, which is to he held this evening in the Corio Shire Hotel. Arrangements have been made by the Freezing Company to have the water from the Lovely Banks reservoir laid on to their premises to he established on the North Shore, and farmers and others at Cowie's Creek will now have the opportu nity afforded thera of securing an extension of the water supply on to tlieir lands. Mr IV. T. Appleton, chairman of the "Western and Wimmera Districts of Victoria Freezing Company, will attend the meeting this evening, when the question as to the route of the proposed extension will he discussed. At the Harrow police court a few days since, a man "named James Burrowes, aged SO years, wlio was charged with vagrancy, was sentenced by the magis trates to three months in Geelong gaol, which they considered would he sufficient to put him over the winter. The Chinese residents ot Ballarat East are in an agitated state of mind on account of the kitchen attached to the Joss bouse-being rated _at 16s. The matter has been taken up by Po Shi and Mai Sihg, on behalf of the Chinese, and a letter has been sent to the. Town Council, poiuting out that hitherto. Joss kitchen has been exempt' from taxation, and asking the council not to enforce the payment of rates. The kitchen has been considerably improved of late, and in it the sacrifices for Joss and in connection with the celebration of burning the devil and feeding the dead are prepared. Some years ago attention was directed to a cure for diphtheria which Dr Byru, of Casterton, had discovered, and for whiebmost wonderful results were claimed. Some doubt was expressed at the time, as to the possibility of achieving the record which Dr Byrn stated could he accom plished by the application of his treat ment. He then declared that be could guarantee to restore to health 19 patients out of 20 afflicted with this dreadful disease. Dr Byrn now writes that he has had 43 patients under his charge from time to time, and has succeeded in curing 100 per cent., not a single case having terminated fatally. The record (says the "Hamilton Spectator") is certainly a remarkable one, and we. would suggest that Dr Byrn should forward particulars of his treatment to the leading medical journals of the world. In South Australia splendid growing weather has been experienced during the past week, and both crops and pasture have greatly benefited. The danger of a failure of the wheat crops has been post poned for an indefinite period, and the recent soaking rains created a vigorous healthy growth. Referring to the fall of snow-in-the Mallee country on Monday last, the "Warracknaheal " Herald " says: " It is a longtime since snow has been seen in these parts, the 'oldest inhabitants' giving the periods variously at from twenty to twenty-five years since a fall similar to that of Monday morning has been known in the district. Tho rain which preceded the snow on Sunday and Saturday has been heartily welcomed by the fanners, who now regard the newly sown land and springing crops as prac ticallv out of danger." Correspondents sending paragraphs for una cdlucnn relating to Societies, uhurch Unions, Bodges, etc., will please observe that no an nouncements of events to take place are admis sible in such paragraphs unless they refer to an advertisement in another part of the paper. Owners and trainers of greyhounds are re minded that nominations close to- morrow oiteroooiv, at three o'clock, for the Equitable Trophy, for 32 dogs at £2 each, under the management of the Geeloug and District Coursing Club. The draw will take -place at the Union Club Hotel at eight o'clock the same evening. The treasurer of the Chilwell Dorcas Society begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of 10s from Mrs AI. Burns, Austin-street: 2s Gd Mrs T. Peters ; Mrs Crofts and Mr "Watson, 1 quantity of meat; Mesdames Worth, Gray, j Boyd, Marsh, Brown and Keown, provisions i and clothing. 1 The superintendent of St. Augustine's Or phanage, desires to acknowledge, with thanks, 1 the receipt of £4 los, being the net proceeds of the entertainment given by the Amateur Variety Company in aid of the orphanage. Mr H. F. Richardson notifies special lines of produce at to-day's sale. The third term at the Eastern School (the Misses Davison, principals), will commence to day. ' - . 