j AN ADDRESS TO MOTHERS. ? J By Rev. Andrew Mckay. I I am to speak specially to mothers I think perhaps, one of the mothers might spoil better I am only a father God haste downed a mother with so much more love, and love in faith, love is wisdom, love is power But the lessor may sometimes serve the greater I do not feel inclined now to give you, what some might expect hints about the education of children You will got them in all sorts of books and sermons, and the plants will not help unless the heart and life be pet foal right The first thing I do say to mothers is this My beloved sister, what you do in your house and with your children depends entirely upon what you are. My beloved mother died at the age of 80 She was 16 years old when she married, and my 'father, who was a tender, godly man, trained her Himself God gave a wonderful blessing on all the family Some died, but of the twelve who grew up all were Christian five ministers, and four sisters married to ministers. There was a missionary's wife who always wished to have mr mother go to the mothers' meeting. She said to my mother-" Do tell us, how did you educate your children?" My mother, in her simplicity, said, "I DID nothing." It is not when we are making systems of things, laying down and trying to keep rules, that we are working most successfully. Things grow best when they grow naturally. Plant a little cabbage, the cabbage comes naturally; plant an acorn, the oak comes naturally. It is a blessed thing, in the Christian life, to be brought to that great restfulness and simplicity of casting our burden upon the Lord God, feeling the first thing is, I must be right with God. All this that is taught about the blessing of the higher life is just what a mother needs. If her heart be filled with the peace, rest, and joy of God, everything will go right If God were to use me to help one mother, anxious about herself and children, with the worries of life getting her if God help one to try to uri her mother heart, her mother life and mother duty, into the arms of the blessed Lord Jesus ; help her to go away saying, " The Lord Jesus has come into my heart, and in His name and strength I am going to live in my family, this meeting would be richly rewarded. And our God is willing to do it, not only for one, but for all. Jesus is willing to say, "I will take all the responsibility of those dear children you are so anxious about." One more of the things which often trouble mothers is the wear and tear of life. A mother once said to me, " Oh, Mr. Murray, I am not be long married, and look at these eight little children 1 It is hard to be a Christian and live in the full joy of the Lord. When I awake in the morning baby is already awake, then the others, Then there is the farm to attend to-it is often mid-day till I get a moment's quiet. Then the nerves go." In Scotland, I suppose, you have nerves, too, that get strung on the wrong side. What we want is to got in- sight into the perfect restfulness Jesus can give us. The chief difficulty is not that we don't trust Jesus and pray to Him you all do that ; but one of the great difficulties of life is the circumstances, the wear and tear of life. We got irritated, and then hope- less ; then a cloud comes. We have felt - Ab, if my heart and life were fired with the peace and joy of the Holy Ghost, my conduct would be different would be better. One lesson about these difficult circumstances. Whenever difficulties come perhaps from husband (we unfortunate husbands have all got a twist), servants, children always remember, I must not try to get things right round about me, but must try to be right myself. Some years ago I was staying for two months in the home of a godly minister. One day his wife said, "I want to ask your help." Her husband did something that worried her very much. He took a ride before breakfast and didn't return in time for prayers ; sometimes returned in the middle of prayers, at other times when they were near an end. She thought, What a bad example to the boys ! Mhe talked with him, but he would not listen, saying, " It is for my health You can have prayers just as well as I can." He was a loving husband; yet we unfortunate husbands are sometimes not as kind or con- siderate as we should be. He thought he was quite right, and she felt worried. She said, "I do so pray that the Lord would put him right. What should I do? Will you speak to him I said, " No, I will not speak to him I think you should ask the Lord to put you right first No right ! Is it not indispensable that he should be at family prayers isn't it right lovingly to talk to him about it, and to pray about it?" "Yes." "Then why ask the Lord to put me right?" I said, " Every time, don't you feel worried ? " "Yes; but I have reason." "That," I said, " is just the evil. God want you to bear patiently what your bus- i band does, even when it is not perfectly right. Unless you learn to bear it as the will of God, He will have to put you right, and will not till then, put your husband right You say it is not the will of God." Here is one of the secrets of the Christian life. . . A bad servant, a naughty child, a worrying husband the things are the will of God to you It is not the will of God that they should do the naughtiness, but it is the will of God that you should be in that trial Jesus accepted the will of God in all that was how He could bear it Any trouble in housekeeping, any trouble with husband or friends, you must learn to accept as the will of God If your heart only opens up to see that 1 If not, with every trouble that comes you get worried, and say a word not full of the love of God, that breaks your power, and the children get influenced in a way you never know Half the trouble in the Christian life comes not from am and temptations , outside, but from the way in which we treat the sins and wrongs of others We cannot live the true Christian life until we learn in everything to welcome God is God in everything Can anything come for a moment between God and me'' No, not if I recognise God in everything That servant who breaks a valuable piece of china, that child who has spoiled a lovely table cover, bon often it brings up a momentary worry ! But that was God's will for me. Do not think that these worries are not important things, they are of the utmost importance The only cure is, I am going to see, going to meet my God in every trouble that comes, the greatest and the least You have learnt I it about great troubles You have learnt to say, "The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord ' Though you say it with a weeping, bleeding heart, you would still say, "It is His will" But it is the little troubles that are God's will at much as the great ones So I have to say to you, as to that minister's wife, God wants you to get right best Do not let us pray about your husband She could not agree with me and said, "I do not think that is right, but at last she was convinced Three hours after she said, "I can't thank you enough for what you told me about the will of God, for God was all the time dealing with me, wanting to teach me a lesson of perfect love. Things all came right. He just of himself gave up the morning ride." Have you ever learnt to say, " I will meet every little trouble in my house as a loving messenger from Jesus," who says, " My child, I want to see if you will be perfectly patient, perfectly gentle?" I am going, in every trouble and difficulty, to say, " This is now my Lord Jesus come to bless me, and He never comes to try me without coming Himself before all the troubles." You often say, " We go to God's Word to find His will." Yes, but I want you also to find God's will in every little trouble of daily life. And you can have fellowship with God every day with the Bible shut, if you meet every temptation and difficulty with that blessed faith-It is God 1 Realise in this or that difficulty, with this naughty servant, disobedient child, this careless mother-It is God has brought me into this God has brought me into it, and I will say Father, Thou hast brought me in give me grace to know how to behave in the trial. He will give grace in due time to bring me out. So I will meet him in every trouble with the words Trust Him. " Praise the Lord, here Thou art." Old and young, men and women, learn the lesson to-day, your greatest temptations are just. The little things of daily life that worry you, disturb your peace, render it impossible to keep up abiding fellowship with Jesus; make a cloud for a time, that you don't know how to get rid of, and so darkness comes. Let me learn the lesson in everything that may make me lose my temper, that may worry me I am going to say, by God's grace, it is God who sends ; it is through him I am brought into this trouble ; I can count on Him to keep me while I am in it, and then to bring me out. Another thing on many hearts is Are we sure to have our children converted and saved ? Your children may grow up unconverted, and cause you much anxiety and prayer. But the covenant sure. Held fast to the covenant; God will save. Hold fast to the covenant ; there is blood to cover every past defect-precious blood. Do not let past defect rob you of liberty with God. He is pledged the covenant in sure and unchanged. And to those whose children are young. oh, let me say, by all that is precious in those souls, or tender in your love to them, or precious in the covenant of God, mothers, do live consecrated, holy lives that is what God wants. It will be a fountain of blessing to your children. The question sometimes comes up about giving children for missionary work. Some are seeking the consecration blessing, whose heart is not clear about letting some dear boy or girl go for Christ. But Christian, parents are coming to count no honour higher than giving their children for Christ. I come to plead with every mother, Give up your child absolutely for Christ ; He will never hurt your child. Christ must have all. I am going to speak it out in prayer. It may be your ' own. child. Jesus must have all. Have you let him take all? Letlevery child be yielded up to the blessed Master, to be trained for Him. You rejoice when your child gets a high appointment in India t you would do any thing to obtain that; you do not talk of the sacrifice) then. I 