15\. Tuip to Hofoarfc and Back. (Fnosi A ConnuspoNDENT.) I had paBaod through tho moulting season, common to mont atockownors, and dcoided on a visit to Hobirb on a foraging expedition with a view to reconstruct — familiar torm ia'nt it 1 Ono day euflicod for mo in tho motropilis, and I booked in the first steamer for Sydney. I told tho clork if tho ship wonb down to dlnlk up Mr. Bunkum aa missing. It is a protty sail down the Brisbano river and across tho bay, bub by tho time a man geta to Capo Morton tho humour in him gradually goes down, and his hoad nwollo to a rQmarkablo degree. I tried in vain to swallow tho sensation, and joinod a party at ouchro ; prosontly ono chip droppod hia cards and made for tho sido of tho ahip, thon uno'hor, and at last I too had to go. I felb vory bid, and by tho limo I had finished I thoughb I had lost ovorything hut my boots. The poor ladiea took refuge in thoir oibins and did not vonturo to ahow out. What a relief when aomoono callod out ' Sydnoy hoads, bah jovo ! ' What a luvoiy narDor oyunoy nas, ana wnai a vast floet of ships and stoamors to carry on tho commorco of tho great colony of New South Wales ! What a busy place, to be suro I You could pub Brisbano in ono corner of it. I stayed at tho Coffeo Pahce, which, by tho vrny, sooms a popu lar rosorb with travellers. I know the city well, and had no difliculty in getting about. Somo magnificent buildings have beon finished Binco my Ia3t visit, notably tho post oflico and tho hos pital. ?The Town Hull and tho Ang lican and R. O. cathedrals aro a'so well wor h a visit ; bub ono musb have plenty of leisure time to see Sydney prop erly, and I had to enntont myself with a hasty run round. I found Sydnoy to be a cheap place to livo in. 1 saw logs of mut ton marked up at a ponny per Ib., and beef of all descriptions at a ponny. A carcass of boef can bo bought at tho abba toirs at a half-penny per Ib., so that our graziers aro not worse off than their cousins in N. S. W. Sydnoy beinga freo trade port, other commodities are likewise choap, and monoy seems plentiful. It is no wonder with so much oommorco coming into Buoh a fine port, and tho groat coal mines of Newcastle so noar at hand. Ironclads of all nations can be seen riding at anchor in tho several bays round the harbor, and largo Burnn of monoy are1 spent on them in proviaiona and overhauls. N. S. W. not only hai tho advantago of a grand port, but she alao has the advantago of a grand agricultural and pastoral in dustry, and such a country must become a great power in course of time. My stay could only laBt a ooupio of days, as the Oonah was ready to start on her usual weekly trip to Ilohart. She is a fine boat, and the owners seem to study the comfort of tho passengers. The Q leonaland coasters go more for freight. 1 he passon gers are packed together at the table like sardines in a tin. On the Oonah tho din ing saloon is liko a cafe, and a man oan got a meal in peace. The menu is, of course, the best procurable Very few of the soft box oan brave tho table on board ship, but although tho sea was vory rough I oacaped pretty well, only feeling a bit crooked at times. It only took the Oonah 48 hoars to run her 700 miles and she had to plough through a florce gale some part of tho distance. A heavy aea came ovor the upper deck and dronohed somo of ub through, and washing all the starch oub of somo loud swells, who declared it — ' haw, beastly rough.' Hobarb has a fino river and h-irbour on tho Dorwonb, The old plnco was familiar to mo agiin. Who does not remember tho pkco where ho first met his boat girl, and all the pleasant associa tions connected with auch a happy period of his exiBtince 1 Tho old faces I had parted with tan years ago wero peeping out of a orowd of anxiou.3 f iocs on tho wharf, anxious to extBnd a cordial greet ing. Hobarb is not a happy city ; the cloud of dopresaion clings to her liko Nathin's Bhirt. Tho utter failure of the old bank, and tho roguery practisod in some of the mining ventures, together with tho oon tinued depreciation in the price of some minerals, has left a dire trail of sorrow bohind it, that a o\sual visitor knows nothing whitever about. I know one gentleman who refused £15,000 for his inttrdat in a tin mine ten years ago, and although he had other property, he is now penniless, and anothor, a business man, who retired with a fortune and who could draw a live ohequo for £10,000, has had to go baok to his old shop and work for wagoB. In the city, money ia an unknown quintity, and businoss is stagnant A good number askud mo if there was a show in Queensland ; said they, we are|not pay ing exponaoa and that cannot last. I told them I was only a buahtnan and knew nothing about bualnoss and could net advise them. The old proverb ' a drown ing man catches at a Btraw' has beon exemplified in Hobarfc. It was thought an International Exhibition would hoal the commercial sickness. A cunning French man fanned the spark into a flame and a number or business men ana otuera pub thoir money in it. Tho good old cow, tho Government, gavo £5000, and the show was Btartod and finished, bub instead of bringing about sunahino it has rosultod in a commercial froBt, and will bring about tho min of the unfortunate pro moters. The building oonsiats ohiefly of galvanised iron, very roughly put togothor, and is anything bub nn imposing structure, and it is not noarly filled with oxhibits. Our Government acted wisely in rofraining from spending money on auch nonsonae. Victoria and N. S. W. havo courts, but so lifoloaa I I went iu in tho morning, and remained until noon, and I did not soo a uubfii vuiu'jia iu iu. XMU aiilu-UUlUULU chaae you about t} buy their goods, It is liko a big thop. There ia plenty of machinery, but nothing moving. All ao quiet. Thoro are alao plenty of mineral upeoimens, which would no doubt be a useful atudy to minors. The Mount Bia ohoff trophy of tin at tho entrunco is boautifully arranged, Thoro is also a fair show of local timbers. Tho art gallery is, however, the greatest attraction j aomo of the pictures aro valued at 500 guineas. They came from England. Thoro are a great miny of thorn ranging in valuo from 50 guineas up to 500 guineas. Vicfcoiiun and N. S. W. artiats havo also niadd a good show in thia diviaion, A splondid view of tho c'ty cm bo had by going up to thu tower, whoro n seat, a cup of toa, or a ylnsa of good whtakuy and a biscuib can also bo obtained. Mount Wellington in tho bnok ground was draped liko a ghost) with flakes of snow and the oold air forced mo to koop my hands in my pookets ; my lingers wore gott ing nuuiburl with oold and liko tho man who had tho roof blown off his house — 1 felb Batlsfiod — an I bpf^tn to wiah I woro in a warmer olimiuo. 1 thoreforo decided to roturu by tho next trip of tho Oonah. Tho Biiloon f .i\i for iho round trip only coats flvo pounds a.id aa tho travullor can rogul nfco his iiotol cxpenaoa to auifc his pocket, tho oost of a trip to liobwt ia not prohibi tive. I found the ho»t and nioaquitoua as lud in Sydney as they woro in liriubunu, bull Iho unuiv on Muuut Wellington wu« enough to scare a uuu lob ulono a mosquito. X Had a fine and unuvunlful p.iRsajju on my rottu'ii, und I usqi to wouduv \\\h& IBM #W p»$& Ri?^ TfliflP I fctt W W'l 