CORRESPONDENCE. THE 'STANDARD" AND INTRUDERS. TO THE EDITOR " LEADER." THE TWO DEAR READERS —Have you seen the sub-leader of the Numurkah Standard, of 24th May ? The style certainly does not quite compare with Macaulay or Milton but it is a production charged with verbosity, bad composition and spleen and takes a high place as a work of fiction. To understand aright this beautiful inspiration, it must be premised that after a recent hospital meeting a proposal was suddenly sprung upon that meeting by an official of the Standard to ask that a new railway station be erected at Numurkah now. Mr Crooke of the Numurkah Leader, and myself both refused to go npon the deputation, as we thought it unwise that such expense should be incurred whilst the country's finances are so bad. Had the proposal been to ask for a new station when prospects are brighter we would have supported it with cordiality. Next morning the deputation waited on Mr Syder at the station platform, Mr Crooke and myself being present amongst C or 8 onlookers. Mr J. Callander jun., asked for a new railway station. Mr Syder replied that he could not erect a new station at present, as the railway finances must be economised to every penny. At this remaik both Mr Crooke and myself twice called, "hear, hear." Snch is the plain unvarnished truth. Now turn to the Standard sub-leader. " A deputation of six was appointed to interview the visitors, and ask them to authorise a few necessary improvement of a cheap nature." In answer to this see report in same issue of same paper headed " The Railway Commissioners," which says, "Mr J. Callander, jun., would respectfully ask that a new station be erected." Read one statement, then the other, and down with the curtain. Enough ! Enough ! It is more Standard bad French. Again the sub-leader remarks, ''They said, in effect, that no improvements were required at the station." We said, in effect, nothing of the sort. Again he warbles, " But this did not prevent them from obtruding themselves into the business, and giving an encouraging 1 hear, hear,' when Mr Syder pleaded poverty." This is the Numurkah Standard, the socalled organ of freedom, denying the right of a citizen to be present at a public deputation on public business at a public railway platform. Tenders are hereby called for teaching the children f the Numurkah Standard till the day of the millennium a grain of common sense. Again, this children's band commences, " No doubt the two intruders referred to considered they were acting a self-denying and heroic part, and that they were justified in interfering in a case which concerned them not, as they were not on the deputation." So the (case concerned us not " because we were not on the deputation" ! This crude writer, who is evidently not the editor, appears to have become quite lost in the mazes of his own verbosity and spleen. Will his father take mercy on us, slap him and send him to school. There was on my part no interference. This time the trombone proclaims with a roar, " but people who know what is etiquette and what is not, will agree with us." Shades of Fitzgibbon! here is a treatise on etiquette published by J. Callander, jun. At the mention of this treatise the ghost of Chesterfield here appeared in great distress, gave one piercing shriek, and vanished with a double-furrow plough. The next sentence comes with music sad and slow, " the intrasion was not warranted under any circumstances (here rest for ten bars), and was little, if any, short of an impertinence." Ed. please note this language burst up the band amidst chorus of howls. Now take the publisher's name, then from the last quoted sentence the two strongest adjectives, and place them together thus : J. Callander, junr., impertinence, intrusion. Do you recognise the affinity ? Is it not a well-known triplet ? The three Graces. To illustrate the dangers of the press misused, let us suppose a case far from Numurkah : let us suppose a number of relatives have placed as proprietor of a journal an impudent popinjay whose conceit may be seen through a stone wall, but whose abilities, breeding and knowledge might, perhaps, be discovered through a microscope ; let ns suppose that this popinjay is continually pushing himself to the front of every public movement, against the wish of the people, and that he attempts to exercise a terrorism over his district by lashing in his paper every one who opposes him. Surely it will be a grateful public act for a fearless writer to plough him np. harrow him, scarify him, and then hoid a war dance over his remains. Returning to the Numurkah Standard, whether or not that paper has charged exorbitant rates in the past, and has now reduced prices to a ruinous level, in order to drive off the Numurkah Leader and revert to former prices, is a question not for me but for each subscriber to determine for himself. But what does concern every private individual is that the Standard has, whilst the departmental case was still under consideration, attacked Sergeant McHugh, an official helpless to reply; that the Standard has also twice attacked in its columns Mr Robert Taylor, of the Bank of Viotoria, a private official, who is also forbidden to reply ; and that, emboldened by having ridden roughshod over helpless officials, the Standard has now attacked two private citizens. The question arises, Who will be the next ? This time, however, the Standard publisher has fired off a pop-gun charge at a private citizen who is delighted to oblige him with a literary black eye. Taking everything into consideration, it is evident that the publisher of the Numurkah Standard is, in many more respects than one, quite too too juvenile. And, farther, it is also quite evident, that or the benefit of the whole district he will have to be taught his proper place. f " his sisters and cousins and aunts" ave pat him'there "his sisters and ousins and aunts" should look after im. The man who said " Hear, hear." J. G. STEWART. P.S.—Electors of Moita! You will please remember that you mast not say " Hear, hear." 