[cWTIXrEB FEOM "STEDyZSDiTt's ISSUE. [axl EIGHTS KESEP.VED.J NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PIRATE TEE'. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Goldes Hope,-"' "The Death Ship," "The Good Ship Mohock,' xic. CHAPTER XDL—(Continued^. I • They must have it out on the poop,' said Troliope to Shannon and to tlie ^others gen erally. " But I say Masters, wfet d'ye want to go shooting around on a sudden like this for 1 What happened vras an unholy horable obligation, I admit. But it had-to be done. Not every man would accept such a burthen of memory. I certainly wouldn't shoot tee friendly hand that's helped us to this issue. *1 vrill though,-' said Masters, quietly making his answer more emphatic with an oath, ' and if he does not do for me, Fll <10 for him,'" he cried with a wild stare up at Davenire. 'Good God, men, was &£re ever a more unmanly murder s_ Don't you see how the demons managed it? They araggea. the poor girl from her bed. Did you throttle her I' said he, looking up at the "skylight. *1 admire the uses you pat your strength to,' he added with a scorn beyond words Ln'bis worn, faded, yet handsome race. _ Davenire withdrew his huge shape in silence, and silence also fell upon the:rest of the men till Caldwell appeared. He had taken as long a time again as the other in loading his weapon, a piece exactly after the pattern of Masters' ; when you palled the trigger the barrels revolved, and for conve nience and precision it was about as good to : take aim with as one of those memorable blunderbusses which Hankey had committed to the deep. ; . ' Where's it to be, Troliope .< said be in a low voice, hanging his head, which obliged him to lift his eyes to the tall man he ad dressed, so making the full countenance repulsive by undue exposure of what the lids were ever wary to conceal. Such a slow sullen dusky eye a3 it was like a drop of ink upon red blotting paper, with all sorts of red veins radiating from the pupils. Those eyes might have incarnated his memory. They had the very look of scores of inhuman, out of the way, brutal desperate experiences. 'Better fight it out on the poop since it must be,' said Troliope, speaking with irri tation as though to a sudden prompting 01 disgust. 'Twelve paces I suppose ! Signal, a falling handkerchief. NVhere shall I find a piece of chalk i' That was quickly got from under the break of the poop where the black _log board was kept, and the whole body of the men mounted the steps, every man mute. ■ ' It seems a thousand pities,-' burst out Burn, affected by the glarious sunshine and the noble inspirited wind into which he had stepped, ' for two of our lot to start shoot ing like this now we're through with the ^Masters glanced at him with a determined eye but held his peace. Troliope ruled a line with chalk and .walked twelve paces from it along the weather deck, then stooping ruled off at his toe, and bo the two fellows had their ground ready. Davenire towered beside the sky light "looking on with a grim red face. The others broke into little knots, not choosing perhaps to mass themselves as though they had assembled to witness an execution. The splendor of the afternoon was now upon the barque's quarter ; su that the one who faced ate must be at an enormous disadvantage; this had not been considerea, nor was it per ceived till Troliope placed the men. . But before the objection could be remedied, by a 1 shift of ground, William at the wheel called °U'Are you'.two gents a-going to let them p'lfitols Off?' .-at 'Yes,: said Troliope. ' Are you arraid of noise 1' . . . Somebody catch hold of tins wheel,' emu William. ' I never shipped for no blooming target.' There was a dull sound of laughter when it was perceived that ^ illiam stood as good a chance of being shot by the man looking aft as his opponent. ' We must chalk for you on the quarter deck,' said Troliope., 1 the light's altogether unfair up here.' -They went down the weather poop ladder, Masters leading, Caldwell closing the file. Troliope measured twelve paces in the lee gangway ; this was the best place for the proposed murder ; the elevation of the cuddy front protected the sight from the I great glare on the quarter; there was shelter ! heie too from tbe'wind, for the flash of it under the main trysail (main trysails were then carried) cleared the rail above the head and left a sort of gentle edayings such as you get under the lee of a parapet even when it blows great gun3. Just at this time the head and shoulders of Harry showed themselves in the forescuttle. He stared like a ghost, one eye bound up, the other flaming amazement. What was "oing on he wondered He counted ten men" and two of them had pistols. They were in the lee gangway, where they bury the men at sea. By Peter ! he thought, they are afraid of being caught and hanged, and two are going to blow the other's brains out, and then execute themselves. What^ will they do with me 'i What with William ! He stared rigid with alarm, a mutilated bust of a man, concealed to his armpits in that fore scuttle. . ' How many shots !' said Burn, stanamg beside Masters when the men had been placed. ■ . ' As many as will kill that scab,' said Cald well, obliged by the constriction of the muscles of his jaws to hiss the words. 1 Oh, no, we don't want any msssace here,' exclaimed Shannon, who was looking on with an uneasy face. ' I vote for_ one shot : only. If this "miss let" them shake hands.' ; ' Stand aside, Alec,' said Caldwell, motion i ing Burn away with his pistol. i The spectators of this duel grouped them | selves upon the main hatch, clear of the most ! distracted aim, as you may suppose; Troliope pulled out a white handkerchief and held It 1 UP" ' Are you ready? said he. 1 Ready,' s lid both men in one breath. _ Masters turned his handsome decayed face up with a instant's look of appeal, of adora tion even, then his eyes went to his opponent; he in that pause stood rounded in the back like a cat stretching itself ; he was hunched with savazc resolution. The spirit 01 mur der was in his scowl, in his gaze, in the set of his lips. You feared foul play as you watched. Would he anticipate the fall of the handkerchief by one second of time in justification of his looks? The foam was simmering softly as is swirled from the bow like one white arm of a swim mer, and ran in the brillisnce 01 5 sunshine itself to the wake. How distinct was that shewrd son? of salt in the deep silence that was upon the men, now that Troliope, look ing from one man to the other held up his handkerchief ! All sort3 of birds seemed to be singina in the rigging, from the shivering :rills of the lark high up on the trucks down o deepening wood- notes of piping in top nast and lower shrowds where the wind was plittfna. „ , , The handkerchief dropped irom the hand f Troliope: the revolvers blazed'in the ime instant. : the combined noii-e of those Id-fashioned ' pieces was louder than the report c*:3 fo.ar-: zander, Masters -sprang j tsckvrarcls, exploding a second charge right I i:uo tio deck, "thea let rail his pistol. He raide a f ourish with his hand to his heart, looked round to Bum with a smile, and felJ on his fsce. Caldwell hunched, stood unhurt. "Is he dead ?' said Davenire, anxiously. Bam tenderly turned him over. The young fellow groaned twice, and with th'St^ second groan expired. ' You plugged him with a barbarous fine' aim, seeing what sort of ground it is,1 said Trollope to Caldwell, as he knelt by the dead man, 'Look here.' He put his fingers in a hole in the cloth exactly over the heart. CHAPTER XX. The Corpse. ' He was your chnm, Bam. See to him. We'll keep him till to-morrow. There may be life in him,' said Trollope, rising from the side of the body. He stood a minute or two contemplatively viewing the face of the dead, then with a cold, bard expression of countenance, and a little wag of head as if he should say ' a pity a pity ■' and that was all, scarce meaning it perhaps, he passed on to the poop. Burn and Hankey raised Masters and carried him to his cabin. They pulled a ! blanket over the corpse, and when they came out Hankey exclaimed : ' Nine of as now I What a fool to forego his whack!' 'He wa3 too sentimental,—always,'' said Burn, ' I have known him some months. All his talk was absufc the girls. Drink and romance unsexed him. He had the makings of a fine spirit and has died girlishly.' ! ' Why no, hang it ajl !! said Hankey, scarcely girlishly, Burn.' ' What did he want to lose his life over Misa Mansel for 7 said Burn, stopping at the cuddy table to look about for more cham pagne. ' He was that sort of man who does a thing like that. A fine young chap quixo tic with diseased liver; but I loved him !' He stretched forth his hand and' took a bottle a quartet full of brandy. Hankey left him. Davenire stood at the skylight watch ingBurn drink. He seemed amused: by his expression of face. The other did not know _be was^atched_and gripaaced_with emotion at his trembling glass. None of the others returned to their merry making. They lighted their pipes and wandered about the decks, here and there one with a little stagger. Caldwell had re lieved-William at the-wheel,' but the ship was wildly ofi her course, or up in the wind, nearly in irons, again, and. again, in the short time he grasped the spokes. His hand shook he mumbled violent-words as he drove the helm this way, then that, trying to fix a Bhiver in the weather leech of the main royal, leav ing the topgallant sail beneath full and steady as alabaster—to no purpose. He yelled oat ' Some man relieve me,' and Shannon took the wheel. But the ship ran away with him, and Hankey found his eye a little too fixed to keep the lubber's point straight at the mark. So without reference to watches on deck or below Harry was shouted for, and the Dane, still ostentatatiously bandaged, came rolling along the deck Thus it stood with the nine men on the afternoon of that day. All saving Burn had good sense enough to knew that they had drunken deep enoughif theirlivesandthe gold were to be worth the flame of the rope-yarns with which some of them lighted their pipes at the galley fire. But Burn had a friend to mourn and Burn usually went for his tears to the bottle. He began to cry when Darenire called down to inquire if he wanted satisfaction for his friend's death, and some while later was seen to be with his senses gone and his face downamongst the glasses, his arms spread-eagled most ludicrously upon the table, aa though he sought to hug all the relics; of the banquet and the drink to his heart. The fact was, Trollope, whose head was perfectly cool, spite of his having drank champagne enough to drown a cat in, ha-iing occasion to enter Benson's cabin, observed a slight fall in the mercury in the barometer. He surveyed it curiously and anxicusly, then returned on deck. * Caldwell,' he exclaimed, 'you have the key V ' Yes,' was the answer. 1 Give it to the Dane. It must go with the wheel, man.' Caldwell with a pipe in his mouth, gloomy and muddled and vicious, lurched over '.to' Harry, and pulling out the key of the Storr's cabin, said ' Take it.' ' What do I want with that?' said the Dane, looking at the key as if it had been the revolver he had lately seen Mr. Caldwell kill a man with. 'Put it in your pocket and give it to the next person who relieves you,' growled Cald well. 'I do not want to have anything to do with keys and dot like,1 said Harry, forgetting the purity of his English in his alarm. ' Who was locked up where that key belongs ' Was he a dead man "! I don't like to meddle with it,' and he violently shook his bandaged head. ' Take this key, you blistered little foreigner before I cram it into your gullet shouted Caldwell, furious in a moment, forcing the key into the breast of the Dane's shirt. ' It was unholy !' yelled Harry. ' You hare no right to make me do it. What was thekey tome: He was bloody for all I know and I may be hanged for murder as well as piarcy,1 and whipping the key out of his breast he ; flung it in an ecstacy of terror and supersti tion overboard ■ 1 ' Keep your hands off him, Caldwell, you'll dismast the ship,' roared Trollope, rushing ' towards the helm. 'He shall lose his ears,' exclaimed Cald well, looking at the Dane. ' Is there a pair of shears aboard ? Fetch 'em—who'll fetch.eml' ; An insolent scoundrel, so help me!'- said I Trollope, scowling at Harry but generally I addressing the four or five men who had as- j sembled aft. ' Yet being done, isn't it best as ! it is.' | ' So it is,' said Weston, 'though 'Arry ; must be hanged within the next hour.' ' The key was going to be a trouble,' said j Trollope. ' I think you need only stoop sternwards at the cabin door to send it flying. I am satisfied. Nevertheless I should advi3e this Danish mule of a man to be care ful.' He darted a fiery glance at Harry, then grasped Caldwell by the arm, and the knot of men moved some distance forward. ' There is a slight drop in the glass,' said ; Captain Tiollope. 'Should this breeze; freshen we are carrying toD much sail. Look ; at that fellow below dead drunk upon the table, and he's one of our nimblest hands aloft. It won't do to lose any more of ye, so precious as we all are in one another's sight, by furling the lighter canvas.' 'I'm game to help stow anything you please.' said Shannon, with a slightly tipsy leer aloft. This ship l-as at this hour slanting through the rolling seas a sunny poem of luatrious : heights and shapely bends and gleaming ; metal, lovely as the lights of that spacious firmament could make her. Close-hauled as she was—the weather leeches of the lofty topmost sails often hal£-a-back to the tremu lous weather spokes of the uneasy Dane— : she was curving a large sea of foam off her port bow to a melody of speed "to which the rattle of the reel would have been as casta nets ; only that these broken gentlemen of j industry never thought then to heave the j log. Still she could bear what she had. Shannon's leer aloft had but too forcibly expressed the general cndition. The cool headed Trollope—one saw in this how wisely the fellow had been chosen captain of the prodigious adventure—spoke no more of the weather nor of shortening sail ; instead> going below to Benson's cabin he sought and found on a book-shelf a volume relating to these Pacific waters with which he returned to the deck, and studied the work alone right aft, but his gaze was as often upon the windward sea as upon the page, and once he interrupted this mixed study of print and ocean by requesting Davenire to see Burn inte his bunk and to start therest into getting the cabin table cleared. After this come of the men grow wearied of roaming about the decks, or of overhang ing the rail with their wateriah eyes- fixed upon the sea-line, and sitting down they fall asleep, one in a chair, a couple lovingly side by side against a skylight, a fourth flat dp. his back with a flag for his pillow. Peter Johnson, who had his senses in very safe teeping, came out of the galley vrith a long .'ig.ar, and walked the deck with Trollope. iVilliam forward leaned against the rail of he forecastle, watching affairs aft; some- I imes his slow gaze sailed up the clouds of I anvas to their waving point, then it would j Disurely travel to the weather horizon, and , ; hen fasten itself upon the forms of the j eepers, 1 < .'Tee? c&a;'t do better than sleep it off whilst it's fine,' said Trollc-pe, - • ' Good gracious what a horrible snore that man has !! They stopped opposite the huge form of Davenire with his back against t£e com panion. His head b&d; fallen on his shoulder, his bat was oij, his mouth was open, his hands lay lifeless upon the deck, knuckles down. ^ ' We'may.want to"sTiorten sail before dusk comes," continued'. Trollope, as thev pawd arr.— ' What-says the glass !' asked Johnson. ' A fall,' answered Trollope. 'There seems no weather in this skv,' said Johnson, first looking up and then search ingly around the horizon. ' A bell's mouth isn't a clearer edge than that circle. How far off d'e make the island?' ' At noon, seven handred miles, about. But it's blowing nearly dead on end for us now. I shall hold on through the night on this tack as we want southing. If the wind shifts so much the better.' A sailor would have laughed to hear that tall, military-looking mustachio'd gentleman spousing the sea-toDgue as glibly as any youngster fresh from a first voyage. ' I'm rather bothered by these reefs,' he went on stopping abjreast of the after sky light to pick up the volume he had brought from Benson's cabin. ' They're represented here as right in the road of the island approaching it from the north.' He put his finger on a tracing upon thin yellow paper. • See here what the compiler of this volume says. ' The Proudfoot Bank. These shoals, lying north of Halloran island, latitude 35 deg. 3 S.' long. 160deg. 7' W, form part of alargepumberofdangerous islands which have at difierent times been reported on what has been called the volcanic region of the South Pacific. Lieutenant Jones obtained enormous depths in their vicinity, Captain Wilkes is reported to have carefully sought for them.' The fact is,' said Trollope, keep ing his finger upon the chart in the book, ' they_are what the Yankees would call sorter doubtml, hence I am for plenty of southing and westing so as to make the island from the southward.' 'You are perfectly right,'said Johnson, arter a careful examination ot tbelittle chart. ' I suppose Saunders knows these waters ■' ' Don't see how a man can know them better than the charts will allow,' answered Trollope, c.osing the book and placing it upon tne ssylight. ' That brigantine is the one element or uncertainty in this business. I confess if she i.j net at the island on our arrival I shall be at a loss.' ' What's her name aeain i' said Johnson. ' The Rival.' 'Let maEee,' said Johnson, claspin" his •-hands, behind- him, ! whilst he- leisure'y marched beside Trollope, ' Captain Saunders, a mate, and three men.' , ' ' No, we cut out tl;e mate that night when Caldwell came in, and said he couldn't get: the advance out ot Jacobs. D'e remember ■ Jacobs following and the shindy of tongues ! that then happened «' Trollope continued ' laughing quietly with much enjoyment of his memory. ' 1 see that rat Mo' pointing with his yellow forefinger and dull, filbert" long nail black to the quick, at Dike, and swearing he; had changing face and he wouldn't trust him. And I see Dike's sweet look whilst he steps.up to the little Jew, and puttinghishands upon his shoulders, squeezes the beggar down on to his knees before him.' 'Well Saunders is Jacobs' creature,' said Johnson. ' If the Rival's not at the island it 11 be a bad look-out for Mo'.' ' There'll be nothing for it,' said Trollope but to keep dodging off and on till the bri p.ntine heaves in sight,though we should have to bother with this,-ship.: for a, month. We:-.mutt-have the •" brigantine; fapin^ her there s the long-boat it's true. But ho^r do yon fancy the idea of nine ef us adrift in tfa.it boat yonder with near three, hundred thousand pounds' worth of gold- in the midst of as<' 'Eleven,' says Johnson. ' Who are the other two/' Harry there, and that chap on the fore castle.' ' Oh, they shall carry the ship home,' said Trollope. 'Nine of us, Peter. Two hundred and eighty thousand pounds' ^rorth of nu^ gets in the midst of us. Would that long boat swim with it all, and Btorea and drink tor a run to- where? No! It must be the brigantine or this : if she's not at the island we II give her time to find her way there Then should she still fail us, we must land stores and comforts, plenty of materials for an indiscoverable island home * some of us must stay to ^ sentinel the booty, and some will go away in the longboat to find a vec=el in the place of the Rival.' Sir. Johnson began to whistle. He whistled continuously some ■ old waltz tune, keeping time to it-by shakes of the head which grew more and more emphatic as he realized the situation painted by Trollope ; the whistle then died on his lips and the two men talked of Masters. [To be continued nzxt JVtdriC-ida?/,) 