WORK IN PARLIAMENT. PUBLIC-HOUSE MONOPOLIES BILL REJECTED. MINING BILL THROWN OUT. MR. WOOD CRUSHED AGAIN. FINISHING MORE BILLS. AN ALL-NIGHT SITTING. The two or three strangers who found their way into the Council Chamber on Thursday! night were much mystified to find that! although the President still sat in his chair, and the majority of members were in their places, not a speech was being made. The flow of eloquence had been stopped, and an' unnatural silence, broken only by the rustle of Parliamentary and illustrated papers with which legislators were enjoying themselves, pervaded the place. Now and again an official would appear on the sceac, the President would read a message, a few words would be said, and two or three members would mysteriously disappear to attend a conference with delegates from the other House on a matter of "high impor tance," the said matter being the perennial Pastoral Bill. The fact of the matter was that the Council bad finished everything else on its notice-paper, and was spending the evening trying to coma to terms with the Assembly in reference to pastoral legislation. Members still retained their powers of speech. Tbe business in the afternoon opened with the consideration of tbe amendments in tbe State Children's BilL Some of these were insisted upon and others were not, and tbe House of Assembly agreed to the compromise. Then the Chief Secretary moved the second reading of the Mining Bill, but Mr. Duncan, who strenuously opposed its passage, bad the satisfaction of seeing it defeated on the second reading by 12 votes to 9.' The debate on the Public- Houses Monopolies Bill was continued by Mr. Addison, who said it was one of those useless interfering pieces of legislation which were now so frequently presented for their consideration. If tbe measure passed -is the form it was the result would be that no ordi nary business contract would be considered safe or binding. Many a publican owed his independent position to tbe assistance be had received from his brewer when he first started. "And many owe their ruin to it," remarked Mr. Russell. " Yes," acquiesced Mr. Addi sou, "because many of them are idle brutes, and, like some farmers, will not work." "And millers too," added Mr. KusselL "yes," replied Mr. Addison, "the same applies to .millers." Dr. Camtobell said ho would be guided by tbe report of the Select Committee which enquired into the matter, and vote against the Bill. "Are you in favor of monopoly?" asked Mr. Eorkpstrick. "What a ludi crous question for a member to ask," was the response. "It's an awkward one for you," continued Mr. Kicbpatrick, "Why don't you answer it?" The doctor, did not consider the question required an answer, and the wordy duel was then interrupted by the President reminding members' that they must not hold private conversations. Mr. Hadam also signified his intention of going against the measure, and Mr. Russell said, "Why Mr. Grainger reckoned tUat you would take charge of it." Jlr. Hnsiam asked if Mr. Russell meant to suggest that he gave Mr, Grainger the slightest encouragement. "I mean what I Bay. 11 was the response; bo Mr, Haslam explained that Mr. Grainger had asked him to take charge of it, but be would not give a reply untU be had reap the Rill, and when he hod read it he immediately wrote saying, that he would be unable to do' so. " Why he tried jo get half-a-dozen members," volunteered Mr. Addison. . Mr. Kirkpatrick, in replying, eaid be must be a prophet. At ttio beginning of the - session be bad foretold thatr Dr. Campbell' and Mr., Haslam would olcimately become Conservatives. How bis prophecy had come true he would leave members to judge. He ?would not be surprised at the way either member voted in future. These re marks evidently annoyed Mr.. H?Blam con siderably. The division which was taken showed a majority of one against the Bill. It was decided that some of the Council's amend ments in the Defences Bui ebould be insisted npph, bnt they consented toteverge their de cision as regards raising tbe rates of pay.' During the discussion Mr. Stirling etatrd that most of the officers who required borees had to hire them at .half. a sovereign a day. "Oh, I would lend them, police horses for balf that,", said the Chief Secretary. "Thereyon are again, more interference with private enterprise,' 1 was the rejoinder;, which occasioned mn*^ amusement. A? before stated nearly'the whole of the evening was spent in arranging for conferences' in connection with the £aEtoral Bill, a - compromise' being eventually arrived at over the amendments in dispute, though a. little talk was -oocasioned by the ruling of the President that the delegates to a free conference had no power to make recommendations to the Council to alter the amendment insisted on. However, the diffi culty was got over by a suspension of the standing orders, and having finished all their work members left for their homes at half-past 10. The Assembly met at 10.SO on Thursday morning looking very jaded and altogether un prepared for the heavy task set before it on the notice-paper. Even tbe regular patrons of the upper gallery seemed more than ever like "tbe ghosts of deceased jurymen." Barely half tbe strength of the House-was in attendance during tbe earlier part of the sitting, but though fatigue was evident in the faces and .attitude of "these few, these .happy few; this band of brothers," their tongues were soon proved to be in thoroughly good going condition. At tho outset Mr. Brooker asked when the proro gation will take place, and the Premier replied that at'the latest legislators will be let loose on Saturday, and that if possible they will be relieved from further constructive work this' afternoon or evening. There is a special significance in the prorogation on the present occasion, because tbe general election is very close ahead, and a- pathetic meaning is given to the couplet— Here we suffer grief and pain. Here we meet to part Benin. All fifty-four members doubtless hope to come back again, reinyicorated by tbe con fidence of their constituents and ready for another three years of talk. Bnt elections are precarious concems'and many surprises and catastrophes take place. The questions being continued, Mr. Oald well was told that tbe " Hansard1' reportinpfor the next Parliament has not yet been arranged. Mr. Wood, immediately after tbe informal interrogations had been disposed of, attempted on a motion for adjournment to again bring up the question of compensation to various Government officers. The Attorney-General, on a point of order, objected to the an ticipation of a debate on a question on the notice-paper, but the Speaker reminded Mr. Kingston that by the "ooont out 11 on the previous night tbe motion had dis appeared. However, just ss members were patiently resigning themselves to the infliction of & protracted speech Mr. Butler sprang to the rescue with an objection to the debate proceeding. So, although be sub mitted with a very bad grace and some mutterings of rebellion, Mr. Wood was effec tively eilenoed on one subject at least. The Premier secured tbe passage of the ordinary order concerning the printing of the a^dr,n?\ Mr. Glynn at 10.40 a.m. resumed the debate en tbe Electoral Bill, tt- hich, in its original form, was drafted by him. He explained its provisions and the amendments made by the Council at length and ended by commending it to the hearty support of his colleagues. Mr. Caldwell complained of the lateness of the ap pearance of the measure. Mr. Hawker spoke in a like (strain, and Mr. Land seer advised members rather to leave well alone than to hurry through the Bill. Mr. Batchelor took a similar view, and Mr. Poynton said that no one in the House but Mr. Glynn and .Mr. Kingston had road the measure. Mr. Downer, there fore, ' offered to read it clause by clause with running comments thereon. As the measure contains 108 r.lnnsrei and 20 (schedules this suggestion sounded wry terrible, lion-erer, it was not fully carried into effect. The Sheriff (Mr. \V. ft. Boothby) was in the gallery listening to the debate and he bad the pleasure of hearing praise, from several members. After lie had been speaking for an hour Mr. DoirnerexprcESedthehopethathewaa not wearving'the House, and Mr. Asb replied "Oh no, it's very soothing." Even generous and kind Mr. Land-seer, said Mr. Downer, had I complained of the action of the Government. Mr. Asii said be had not read the Bill, and he knew of at least eight other mem bers in the same position. He objects to pass the measure on tbe strength of an assertion by the Attorney-General that he knows a man who has read it. Mr. Gilbert thought tbe Bill had come down too late, but Mr. McDonald pleaded that it sbould be passed through all its stages. Mr. Catt said he had bad no time to consider the many clauses, sad at 12.42 p.m- Mr. Hombnrg rose to add to the volume of objection. He says all that electors think about at polling time is whom they shall vote for, and that tbe Bill is more important to members than to their constituents. Be would be justified in reading tbe measure clause by clause, be thought, for the informa tion of the Speaker and the Chairman, while he confessed that he had only yet perused 29 clauses. He intended to go through the rest daring the luncheon adjournment. " You won't get much dinner then," commented ilr. Castioe, and Mr. Hamburg said he recognised that he would have to throw up his dinner or the Bill. If the Ministry wanted to fill up time he agreed to talk for two hours, during which the occupants of the Treasury benches might leave the House and attend to their departmental business. Although he praised Mr. Glynn and Mr. Boothby far tbe work put into the Bill, ho hopes it will not be pressed this session, especially as tbe Legislative Council have inserted 3S essential amendments. Mr. Glynn showed some sign of impatience and Mr. Homburg promised to keep the debate going till 3 o'clock if he wished to go away. "Let me get into committee, and I will notdoanytbingto-day," pleaded Mr. Kingston, but Mr. Homburg said he wanted timo to think about that. So 1 o'clock and lunch came. On resuming it was evident that a compro mise had been arrived at for Mr. Hombnrgsat down within a few minutes after stating that he had received a promise that opportunity would be given for debating the Bill in com mittee. Air. Kingston expressed the hope that the measure will be passed this session, and then the second reading was carried. At 2.10 p.m. the Treasurer moved for the ap proval of the purchase of sections 4? and 50 in the huudred of Adelaide. He explained that the price was £35 an acre, that die land is situated at the south-western corner of the South Park Lands, and that Mr. J. H. Ald ridge, the owner, pays land tax on an assessment of £40an acre. Messrs. Wood, Brooker, Butler, Hourigan, Hamburg, and Bartlett expressed their views and then at2.34p.rn. the motion was carried. The Council amendments is the Pastoral Bill were next considered, and tbe Assembly agreed to Xo. 7 with an amendment, but insisted upon its disagreement with No. 20, which refers to the surrender of 188S leases. The Council amendments in the St&te; Children's Bill-were next picked up, and Mr. Wood, who was speaking to the Premier on the Treasury bench, thinking the motion was to go into Committee of Supply, sprang up to talk on those compensation cases again. He was ruled out of order for talking from the Treasury, benches and rushed'to bis seat. "Don't be stupid, this is notsuprjy;" said the Premier, aod Mr. Wood again collapsed amid laughter. Tbe amendments of the Council in the State Children's Bill were agreed to, and then amid loud laughter the 'Tflnpnsnrl Vic tuallers Bill was received from the Legislative Council. There was opposition to the motion fixing tbe second reading for to-day, but the call fora division was withdrawn. ThsCozmml amendments in the Defences BUI were next called on, and several of them were agreed to while others were rejected. The greatest amount of talk took place on the Council's objection to privates . sitting on courts martial, and Mr. Moale said if the clause were passed the resignations of all the senior officers would be sent in. "Well, we'll accept them all," said the Attorney-' General. "Theaction would,be a gross breach of discipline and an attempt to bring pressure to bear on the House." ; Major Castme thought Mr. Moile was mistaken, and Lieutenant Kelly said the douse would make the South Australian forces the laughing stock of Aus tralia. Mr. Kingston said this was nonsense, as Mr. Moule, Mr. Gastine, and Mr. Kelly bad all served in the ranks. The amendment was then insisted on by 20 votes to 16. The attempt to advance tbe rates ol pay was defeated by 3i votes to 7. Tbe Premier at 4.27 p-01, in the presence of a bench full of representatives of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, moved .the second reading of the Opium TJfll,. which is to prevent the drug from /being given to aborigines and to exclude its use except as a medicine by either Chinese or whites. Tbe loss to revenue, be says, will be £7,000 a year, as 21 tons of opium are consumed in the Territory each year. Mr. Griffiths promised to support tbe first part of the Bill lrat objects that prohibition defeats itself, as evidenced by the law against Sunday closing. Mr. Ash also agreed with the protection of aboriginals. The second part of the BQI is meant, be says, to persuade the public tint tbe Ministry are about to adopt a policy of headlong goodness. The measure. Tie adds, is to be passed m a little fit of superficial morality to win popularity among women electors. It would be equally fair, he thinks,' to prohibit the use of tobacco and intoxicants, which are far worse than opium. Mr. Giles expressed pleasure that the natives are to be protected. Mr. Wood supported tne BUS, and Mr. Goneybeer save harrowing descriptions of risha paid to the Chinese slams of Sydney and Melbourne. Mr. Caldwdl said the Bill was straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel. He bad seen girls smoking in West Adelaide. "Was it opium or tobacco T asked Mr. Batchelor, and the question not being clearly beard Mr. OaMweD replied, "It was open to the public." 'He complains that the Government Save dene too much to encourage tbe making and drinking of wine, and he asserted that English dens <3 infamy are as bad as those of die Chinese. Accused by Mr. Amhibfl'l of Bitting on* rail he answered, "It is better to eit on a rail if yon are not sure which side Ton ought to jump. If yon are between the devil and the deep eea it is better to. remain there. 11 He questions the" tons feeds* of Ac Government, and it appeared to be thought that the reference was to the coming Asiatic Conference in Sydney with its. prospective picnics. At this point, appropriately enough, members went to dinner. On resuming Mr. Oak!well said but a few words. The Council sent, down a massage stating that the Assembly should nave-asked for a conference on tbe Pastoral Bill, andean resolution to that effect was adopted. Air. Downer then talked of the absurdity of the Opium Bill, which, be thinks, win be easily evaded.' He promised to support the second reading of tbe Bill with the desire to protect aborigines. The sitting was suspended from ailp.ni. to 8.19 p-m. co as to allow of a con ferecoe on the Pastoral BQL Then Opium was picked up again, and Mr. JLandseer ventured the opinion that it would be better to control the traffic than to mat* a futile attempt to prohibit it Mr. Gatt spoke up bravely for the Asiatics, and asked why the W.C.T.U. took so much interest in far-away aboriginals while they neglected to help the little white girls on the Adelaide ?streeta. He said the Dill would do no good, and quoted an article written by Sir Lepel Griffin in tbe Nineteenth Ottttarg Stritm and the evidence of other distinguished gentlemen, including missionaries before the Opium Com mission in' London, to show that the moderate use of opinm is not injurious. AH the wit nesses pointed out that no crime bad ever re sulted from taking-opium, and that more barm was done in India by strong drink. Members loudly cheered these extracts, but tbe ladies in the gallery looked solemn. Mr. Gatt agreed to support tbe second reading of die measure so as to prated aborigines. Mr. Brooker ?was the next speaker, and fae was several times interrupted by messages from tbe Council in respect to the Pastoral BuX There were two conferences, the last of -which lasted from &20 to 10 p.m. and resulted in a satisfactory compromise con cerning tbe pastoral question. Mr. Archibald, UkoMr. Brooker, supported the Opium Bill, and he too was interrupted by mfssapes as to half-fmishfld z&essoreE.; A second division *? to privates sitting on ooarte- martia), Hiantoi to tbe whipping of Lieutenant Kelly, resulted in favor of the OouncflV amendment, and nt labor members then tried toprevent the rasobv tions being reported, but faded by 22 votes W 9\. Mr. Brooker sarcastically congratulated the House on averting a strike of affiosrs, sod tbe Premier said if he found out that flfliimr? bad made each a threat be would ask thenl to resign. Mr. Hooligan described the amendment as an insult to working t* 1**1?) bob Sir. Bsrriiplor .did not take such a serious; view. Major Castine said it is not true tha> the officers threatened to resign, and Mr. McGillivray thought they should clear them- Belves in the press. At 11 o'clock the Homesteads 831 was sent' down by the Council without amendment and again a dose of opinm was taken, Mr. Glynn eloquently opposing the Bill, fie thinks it would do more good to banish alcohol than, opium. Mr. Kingston rose to reply atlLlT p.m. and vigorously ocmbatted tbe arguments of his critics, He devoted special attention to the remarks of Mr. Oat* and said be attached little weight to Indian cxpert? on subjects of special Booth Australian concern. He claimed to be thoroughly in earnest over tie-Bill, which at 11.42 p.m. was reads second time without a division. Mr. Cat*, onthemotion to go into committee, commented aanmstualif^ on Mr. Kingston's ??¥ftJTn tg be con?idejnd a model of consistently. "Be covets a public statue,* said Mr. Ash. Mr. Griffiths, Mr. Ash, and Mr^ Gastine, who described some of his colleagues as "cantnafrhuiulwga^ferjokft and the Bill got into oommittee ten minutes after midnight. Then it was discovered that an agreement bad been arrived at by which all the clauses of the Bill "except those relating to tbe sale of opium to aborigines were to be postponed. There was some wrangHngover this, and Major Castine especially -was very indignant. TTw described legislation under', the cirouxnstsnce? as a faros -snd said on Thursday morning, if he bad not opportunely come in, there would hare been a count-out, as so few members attended. Mr. Brooker also complained of tbe hnlw-aiirl?ftfwTO*f ymipg^^Mni- < ing which, however, was persisted in, wand at 12.34 aan. progress was reported. . .. . The reEolutioTiE of the Committee of Supply were agreed to, and Mr. Wood, after one at* two attempts to chip in at the wrong pltcs, rose at 12.42 a.m. On the question to go into Committee of Ways and Mn"^ lie ones more pleaded the cause of persons seolang compensation, and be kept a restrveHoose wait ing until 1.83 a.m. Mr. Castine spoke briefly, - and then the motion was carried, -and the^Appro** priatjon?rll supped through without farfber check. The Treasurer, for the still indisposed ?Commissioner of Crown Lands, moved infavor of the exchange of oertain l***^ whioh-waic agreed to. At 1.40 a-m. a division was Wlceo on Mr. Honrunn's Land Values Assessment: Bui, the second reading of which was defeated by 19 -VOteS to H. Mr. riarfiiy. *BnnifS a' return and a yawning House rase at M 5 *.&., having done a very good day's wofk. The absentees of the day were the Gommis-' qlfiiwr- ijjf Crown T*??*^ -M>irau, -cfjohnsonf Lake, and Price. ? - *?" ? The order of the business for to-day,whet' fiie House meets at 10.S0 a.m, is as foUows t- ] Opinm, Licensed Victuallers, Sectoral, Wafer Frontages, and Police BDls. - A long list jit Governmentandprivate business foUow?.- * 