The Clarke Divorce Case, RESPONDENT'S ADDRESS. A Decree Nisi Granted. SYDNEY, FmaYur. Tao divorce suit brought by Annie Clarke against her husband, the Rev. James Clarke, was continued before Sir William Windeyer to-day. The respondent asked that a witness, Dr. Duckland, who was called yesterday, sh:uld be called. The witness was called, but did not appear, whereupon his Honor decided that the case should go on, and that a mtres sage should be sent to Dr. Buckland in the meantime. Mr. Clarke then addressed his Honor. He said the issue in this case was cruelty, whichhis wife said consisted of starvation for three days, also beating her from time to time; and also that she was locked up from October 17 until Februasr 21. To those issues ho had made definite replies. With regard to the statement of cruelty it all came to this, that the only thing which had been said to be cruel at all, after a very strict examination, was something alleged to have taken place on October 17 and one or two following days. There was only the unsupported statement of his wife, which varied in cross-examination. She never complained to anyone until he tried to get her back. She was forcibly removed from the vicarage. There was nothing to corroborate her statement that he had been cruel to her. There was nothing in it except that they thought he was insane, atd that. it would be an easy way to get rid of a hus band. His Honor had to leave the Bench at this stage for a moment, and as soon as he had left Clarke made some remark to his wife. Mr. Ralston: You have no right to speak to Mrs. Clarke. Mr. Clarke: She is my wife still till we are divorced. Mr. Ralston; You have no right to speak to Mrs. Clarke. I will mention it to his Honor. Mr. Clarke; Well, if I have no right to do it I won't do it. A considerable amount of amusement was caused by Clarke walking up and down the courtroom whilst the judge was out, and look ing at his wife. She then drew a dark brown veil over her face. Mr. Clarke continued his address. He said his wife starved herself through her sulks. He never touched her with sa carving knife. She admitted he gave her a warm bath on the Saturday night, and he used the cold water to allay the hysteria. Ho understood sonmething of medicine and medical treatment, and never required to get ia doctor for himself at any time. He had not objected to some of the evidence given, although he might have done so. He understood something of law, but he was there as a plain man, seeking justice. There were, however, two or three points in the case which he should probably ask his Honor to reserve for the Full Court. The statement that his wife was ill for eight days could not be true, as it had been shown that she was during that time visiting certain houses in the neighbourhood. Since she had left he had not had a servant in the house, so as to prevent anything being said, but he had done all the house work, also the work of his parish, and had acted as his own lawyer, which could not certainly be taken as a proof of insanity. Tc eonnt on to contend that his wife was forcibly taken aay-. and that the fle~h was torn from the wrist and the L",,:ia was done on the arm when they were taking her down to the gate against her will. The whole thing was as clear and palpable as anything in this world. Everything had been raked up. They said that he was actually intoxi cated one day. " One day-good gracious, dear me," said Mr. Clarke, " what straits they have been put to for evidence. Then," he continued, "my wife wished to write something on a piece of paper as though something dread ful had happened, and what did it amount to? Nothing beyond the usual marital rights." Then her sister wrote something on a piece of paper, and what did that amount to ? ' I want that made known.' What was it? Why, simply that she was sitting on my knee in the drawing-room." His wife was always seeing ghosts and spirits, and he was sure she would have done away withherself. " Icould tell tales," said respondent, looking intently across the court. His Honor: You will look at me, sir, and notaddress insulting remarks to your wife. Mr. Clarke: I was not looking at my wife, your Honor. Iwaslooking at mother-in-law. (Laughter. ) Continuing, he said he had received very unjust treatment all through. They tried to madden him, and ultimately took him to Cal len Park Asylum, wherehe was put unjustly. Callen Park was really a gaol, and a very ,ruelgaol, aplace that men pointed at with horror andscorn. He then went on to point out that the law had declared him to he insane, and he was sent to Callen Park as one insane, and on that point alone this suit should be dismissed. What ground was that for separating husband and wife? Did the law, having pronounced him insane, now hold him morally responsible? The suit should be dismissed, and he should be com pensated for the cruelty and wrong he had suffered. Then again it was admitted that his wife had not been out alone sines she had (left him. Did that show that she had her personal liberty, and could go and come at her own free will? She had sworn a falsehood in order that her friends should not be punished. He complained of being searched as though he carried firearms to shoot-who ? (he asked) "your Honor" -God forbid. Was it to take his own life ? He was not such a fool; and then, raising his left arm above his head, he impressed his Honor with the existence of One who was a Judge of Judges, and pointed out that at the last day, when the shadows of this earth had passed away-then the truth, the wholo truth, and nothing but the truth of this case would be made manifest to all men. His Honor then adjourned the case so that Dr. Buckland might be in attendance. Upon resuming, Dr. Buckland gave evi dence, which was of very little importance, simply relating to a visit he paid to Mrs Clarke when she appeared to be strange in her manner. His Honor, in giving judgment, said it had been his lot to try many cases of cruelty to women by men, but never a case in which the cruelty was more unjustifiable and hor rible than in the case before him. Ho found the issue of cruelty established. Where the respondent's evidence came into contradiction with the petitioner's, he entirely believed her's and disbelieved the other. The evidence showed that, however kind and gentle re spondent may have been out of doors, int the house he was a domestic tyrant. Language failed his Honor to express his senteo of re spondent's barbarity towards his wife. The issue of insanity had not been raised, and he saw no mason for holding respondent irroe sponsible for his conduct. Ho granted the decree nisi, and made it returnablo within three months. 