THURSDAY, JULY 26. Sir John Downer asked if the Government would direct the attention of the Pastoral Board to the opinions expressed by Mr. Peter Waite with rererence to pastoral matters at a recent interview, and bring down their report on them, but got no satis- faction Mr. Grainger apologised for calling the Treasurer Measley. He was not aware he done so until he saw his speech reported. (Why does Johnny Hines make his coffee so blessed strong?) Mr. Castine discovered that the cost of advertising the Lake Bonney scheme was £294 7s. 2d. The remainder of the day was spent in discussing The Pastoral Bill in committee. The consideration of Clause 18 as to relief of Class I lessees was continued. The Bill provided that lessees of 1888 country might surrender at great risks. Mr. Howe, Mr. Burgoyne and Sir Jenkin Coles moved amendments to the effect that lessees of that country may apply for a reduction of rent to the Commissioner, who may diminish it or not as he thinks fit, if a decrease be recommended by the Surveyor General the time of application to be limited to the first six months of 189G. Mr. Brooker thought Extreme Caution was necessary in dealing with this provision. Mr. Poynton opposed the Government on it. Seveial other members spoke and the clause amended was passed, one of the principle planl'n of the Gcvernment being thus defeated. Clause 19 " Improvements there upon to be valued " caused considerable discussion of a somewhat lively description, and Sir John Downer got warm in his remarks about Sir Jenkin Coles, and accused the Premier being in The Same Gang. ("I know," said Mr. Kingston " what sort of gang you are in now.) Sir John declined to cross swords with the Premier because he had not the same power of invective and vocabulary. Mr. McPherson said that to assist the 1888 lessees was practically the only object Sir John had in view. Sir John Downer—That is false. Do you understand that? Coming from a Gentleman Mr. McPherson did. Mr. Moule in his remarks said that the Commissioner of Crown Lands had threatened to resign if an appeal were allowed. That is Absolutely Untrue said Mr. Gillen. Being called on to withdraw the words he said he didn't see why he should as Sir John Downer had been a allowed to tell an Hon. member that what he said was false, but eventually withdrew. Mr. Brooker said Mr. Moule wants you to resign. " Yes," said Mr. Gillen "but if I did he would not have a Ghost of a Chance of getting my billet." Upon which the Premier said " Hear hear." Eventually progress was reported without any decision having been arrived at about the clause and at 6 :30 the House rose to bait. 