CHAPTER II. Cut when ho walked up that narrow privet-hedged path one bright, brisk-aired, late-September afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened for him by a stupid, strange slip of a girl, who shut him into the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely that she would “ get somebody to him.” This somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of what might have intervened since the date of his last home letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured up blurred -way all the pleasure of meeting his brother Tom, and Tom’s wife, who at last' came in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he scarcely dared ask, “ And how’s mother ? I suppose I’ll be seeing her presently ? ” " Why then haven’t you heard tell ? ” paid Tom. “ She was well the time Maggie wrote,” Martin said defiantly, " Och and well enough she is, for that matter, if that was all, I thought some body was after writin’ you word. She’s got married again—there’s for you—and me poor fathernot a twelve month in his grave, this minute; not till after Christmas ! ” “ Married again ? mother married—that’s great,” said Martin, laughing, while about his ears clattered down the ruin of the house where he was to have spent much of his time , in being very kind to her, and getting her everything she likod that money could buy. “ Ton may call it so. And the follow she’s took—a man by the name of Carter— uped to be cornin’ here about cattle grazin’. A big, fat lout, fit for nothin’ but fuddlin’ himself with whiskey. Owns all manner of property out in Queensland, if you’re to believe his account; I don’t. But anyway it’s there they packed off to, last month ; like enough your boats crossed one another somewhere,” a Well, the djvil'a in it,” said Martin, “ Carter was after the bit of money father left in her own control,” Tom said explanatorily, “ a thing he’d no right to have done, and that’s the thanks he got for it—in six months.” "And herself with a great big red poppy cocked on top of her bonnet, inserted Mrs Tom, "fit to flare the sight out’of your eyes.” But as for what bewitched an old woman of her time of life,” Tom went on, 11 to go and make such a laughing-stock of herself, I’m not offerin’ an opinion.” " You might then,” said his wife, " for often enough, before there was any talk of Buch a thing happenin’, I’ve told you to mark my words your mptber was gettin’ too fond of a drop; and once p, bpdy takes to that, there’s no foolery need surprise you, Why, my good gracious, the very last time they were in this room,there was neither of the pair of them that I wouldn’t have said had had something stronger than egg-broth, and it not ten o'clock in the mornin’. That was the reason of my Bayin’, if you noticed, the key’d: got lost, when she passed a remark about the de canter of sherry-wine.” There followed a long, painful pause, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than the devil were in it. When he broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to be.a certain fitness in the reply that Arthur had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress thither had not formed a sharply outlined incident such as are chronicled in o'no’p correspondence. ’■Then Mrs'Tom said; .‘.‘£1$ where arg rph stop%inr jiow, Martin _ ■' , ■ (I Oh, iSit night I slept at JJrogheda,” he paid, with A confused start, “ and then— and then I came on here,” m it Ob, we could, put him ■ up, said Tom, less thorough than his wife in carrying out their preconcerted policy of letting Marfan know at once that if he chose to. lose ms chances, and quarrel with his well-to-do relations, and come trapesing back, the Lord could tell why, or what he thought he’d get by it, it was his own affair, but he needn’t suppose he was going to live on them.” ■ "In course* if its only for a night or. Mrs Tom said, with emphasis, “a couple of the boys might sleep in the loft, tgl} pi *• itc*a Mi M there’s no other way I can manage.” Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling some thing about being' sorry to put them out that much. He would have gone ■ away at once, had not a glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Pacific, bewildered him and puzzled his will, as he stared at his '.mother’s old sampler, still’ hanging glazed and faded on its accustomed nail. Besides that, ho could not at the.moment think of any one placo to set out for more than another. Also he had some wish to see his sister Maggie, and they .told him that she would not come home till late that night. So he said to himself that things might be pleasanter, somehow, in the morning. They were not; however, except in so far that Maggie, tall. and twenty-three, had still tho same clear grey eyes as when she was four years Old, and seemed glad to see him in ashy, suppressed sort of way. Fro the i-cst, little Francy chokedand sneezed at breakfast, whereupon his mother said pointedly that it was enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft with a blast through it like a-win nowing machine. It.wns.-a saint’s day, and she had not been abie to forbear putting on her best purple merino; but she con sidered it expedient to counteract this symptom of prosperity. by bidding the children not to crumble and waste their bread, which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their mouths with those times. She remarked, too, that os butter was ten prices, she would not break the second pat that morning—unless Martin would take another bit, which he declined to do. Tom had apparently forgotten all the old house hold jokes and adventures Which Martin recollected most clearly, and when re minded how they had said or done this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might. His air was resolutely ab stracted, and curt his speech. ■ But when the womankind and children had gone to Mass, which naturally disposes men to talk about businessmutters, he en larged at great length upon the unsatis factory state of his own affairs. It ap peared that what with the sum he had paid for the interest in the lease when talcing on the farm from his mother, and what with the sight of money going after Maggie next month into her convent at Belfast, where she was to profess, aud what with the general badness of agricultural pros pects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or the hour when he might not be making a composition of so much in the pound, aud tlio next thing he. knew, he would have a wife and half-a-dozen chil dren on hi3 hands. Having thus conducted his family to the door of the workhouse, with an ostentatious purado, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother’s more immediate concerns. “ And what have you a notion of doin’ now, Martin ? ” ho said. " You made no great things of it out there, I should suppose.” “ Oh, I’ll rub along one way or the other,” said Martin. He felt a faint, dreary satis faction at the thought that his brother was taking all .these precautions against a false alarm. As for the nows of his own riches, he had not the heart to produce them. That whole story was now like a flower just dropped in pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at j and Tom • had helped to shake off the petals. The vagueness of Martin’s reply rather quickened Tom’s apprehensions. “ There’s California now,” he said, “people, have great talk of the fruit- growing business. I believe there’s money in it. Had they any such thing out whero you were ? ” “ Some,” said Martin. “I should suppose,” said Tom, “that a man vith.no capital to speak of might get employment at it ready enough, if. lio had experience. You’ve been knockin’ around a’goodish bit ? ” : “ Nigh twenty year it is,” said Martin. “ A man was tellin’ me only the other day,” said Tom, “ of a party goiu’ out there from- Queenstown next week, Tuesday I think he said. Uncommon raisonable the fares were, he said. Some of them had been askin’ him to join. A fine chance he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn’t swear now whether it’s Tuesday or ‘VVedneodn.v.” “ I landed Thursday evenin’, and here’s Saturday—not two days clear,” Martin said meditatively. But Tom misconstrued the import of those calculations, and said encouragingly, “ You’d run down there in plenty of time, if that was all. And any way you could he makin’ enquiries. I wouldn’t wonder if it was worth your " I wouldn’t wonder,” said Martin. He had suddenly quite determined to leave Drumclogher by that night’s train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the surface of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing up and down in the little garden strip at tho back of the house.' He watched her for a while, and then went out and joinod her, Maggie was reading a little old hook of devotions, which made her feel as if ’she were back again in tho long, elm-shaded nun’s walk at Saint Mary’s Convent, where, however, she would not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because he re membered that his mother had liked him to wear a Bmart one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so that Maggie had scarcely broken off in the middle of her psalm, when he was saying, “Look here, Maggie, will I tell you a bit of a secret ? D’ you know I’ve come into a lot of money—a thundering lot. Old Uncle Francis left me every rap he’d got, and he’d made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, Maggie, is that if yon haven’t altogether made up your mind to this nun business, you’d maybe come along and keep house for me—anywhere you might fancy; it’s all one. And as for spending, by Jingo, you might carry on like a digger with a big nugget, you might so. And supposin’ there was troublo with those convent people about your breakin’ your contract, or whatever it is, why .1 could stump up any amount; so never yon mind that. I’ve a notion you and I’d get on together first-rate, and in the matter of money, we could live like fighting cocks.” Kerrigan knew full well that he was blurting out nnconthly and roughly what he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him as little as it has done many other people in like case, and he ended with a conviction that he had pained his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness to filre fruit of frustration and failure. Yet in reality eloquence could have here availed him nothing. It would merely have added to his sister’s discon certion by rendering less preposterously impracticable' this alternative • scheme suddenly held up between her and; her securely mapped out future. As it was, the incongruity had a reassuring glare. -How should there be any link between her destiny and • that of this gaunt, harsh featured - stranger, whose grizzled, ■ black bearded visage had only now and then a passing look which reminded her dimly of some long while ago, as his voice jarred familiar with foreign tones in his half unintelligible, slangy talk about his money. Maggie cared, rather less for money than he did himself, and was heartily weary of hearing people discourse about how much and how little of it thoy had. Could Martin have known, he might os’hope fully J>ave offered her one of the glowing marigold disc? put of tho border at: her feet in exchange for her long cherished dream of a life.noatled in among quiet, cloistered gardens, and grey walls that niched a tiny white cell, stainless and | still as the chamber in a spiny horse-chest nut burr. Any proposal which seemed to. seriously menace the realisation of that dream would have struck her indeed with sore dismay, and ev,on now she was so ob -viously shocked and startled that Martin, felt almost as if he had by inadventure thrown-- a stone near some small, wild oreature, whom he did not mean to frighten. Before she had. answered, he . had read in , her ic&red; ejei th* fata of hi* lift attampt to pick up one strand of the old severed life across the chasm of years. ' c “Ah! Martin,don’t talk that way. How could I do such a thing ? It would.be just turning back at the gate of heaven,” said Maggie, with sincere solemnity, having at the moment a very clear vision of her gentle motherly Hovice Mistress wailing there to bid her welcome, of spacious hall and corridor, where the dimmest recesses held the light and incense of tall lilies, of. the serene-countenanced sisters chanting in. their.choir, flecked with ruby and. ame° thyst under the jewelled window—all seen through the shimmer, of a mystical bridal veil. It was no wonder that talk about' living like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like human speech. “■Well, well, never mind about it then, Maggie girl,” said Martin; “ it was no more than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly sort of little kid you used to be in the old days. You needn’t let .on I ever mentioned the matter; -.they’d maybe bother you about it. And I won’t say either but that you may be right to step in there, if you think you’ve got the chance; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, as far as I’ve sampled it. But I’m off by the next train, so I’ll say good-bye. And here’s a bit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else—she fancied them large-sized, I know. It’s a genoral view of1 the town and har bour of Sydney, done in silver work. I don’t know you would be let wear "such a thing, but perhaps it might come in handy for pinning on your wings with—nuns are a kind of walking angel, as I understand.” He went off jocosely, as suited his witti cism ; but Maggie, though on the whole re lieved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and'for the first time glanced at his request from his own point of view. There was something in his walk, as he disappeared among the yel lowing currant bushes, that reminded her of her father; and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so stiffj and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she would have responded to his essays at conversation. However, she con soled herself a little by resolving that she would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no more. He neither announced nor denied that he was going vid Queenstown to Cali fornia, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, from hints which they let fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with, the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to the culture of oranges and apricots. Ju3t before he started, he gave a bit of crumpled paper to little sneezing Francy, and the child afterwards exhibited it to his father, observing—" He said it was for board and lodgin’.” But Tom Kerrigan snapped it away angrily, saying that it was only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom opened—lie would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ten-pound note. . (To le Continued.) 