CHAPTER XLV. RICHARD MARLOWR CONFESSES, The guard was in the aot of giving the 6nal signal, but he paused, and a hundred heads shot out of the carriage windows. Among these, was the terrified face of Riohard Marlowe. Had it not been for the vigorous grasp of Esther Marsh, he would have left the train, and tried to eso*pe among the crowd. “ It is that acoursed Rogers 1” ho gasped. “ Keep your wits cool," Esther retorted. “ We are not outside the law. I'll face it “I am a detective 1” repeated Frank. “ And am under the impression that a lady is aboard this train, under the inflaenoe of ohloroform. She is being abduoted by one Marlowe. Yes,” he added, coolly stepping toward the compartment ocoupied by Mar lowe, Esther Marsh and tho insensible Dora’. “ this is my man !" “Produce your warrant 1' sneered Esther. “This young lady is my mistress. Wo are acting under the instructions of her legal guardian." “ Unlock the door, guard, Frank said, quietly, “and signal an officer at the station. I charge these people with decoy ing this lady from her home by means of a false telegram in my name; with administer ing to her a dreg, for the purpose of pro ducing insensibility—whioh is, in itself, a oriminal aot. 1 shall also charge them with forgery and conspiracy." Mr Marlowe and Either Marsh were ordered to quit the train forthwith. It could not be kept waiting any longer. They protested indignantly, but were told that they had their remedy, if they could prove that the charges were false. The station deteotive was commissioned to keep both in confinement until the young lady had recovered her senses, as her testimony, together with that of others, would not admit of the prisoners even being released on bail. Dara was taken to a private room beyond the refreshment bar, where she awakened from her dreamful sleep, knowing nothing of the danger from which she had been rescued. In the meanwhile, Rogers sent the cab man for Fred Fairfax, and that night a number of serious charges were made to a polios superintendent against Marlowe and Esther Marsh, among whioh, and foremost of all, was the suspicion that they were directly implicated in the strange disappear ance of Edmund Locksley, and might yet have to answer for the crime of mnrder I After her first expressions of rage, Esther Marsh oontented herself with Bonding a message to her friends in Deal, one of whom was Captain Deene; but Marlowe was ■allow with fear. “ I did not know that Looksley had been murdered," he protested. 111 honestly thought that he had run away. The game is up, and I am ready to admit my share of it. Oh, dear, I must not stand in the dook. t will ruin me, commercially and sooially. Withdraw yo>'r charge, gentlemen, I beg of yon, and I will oonfess all that I know— everything.” “ No,” replied Fairfax. “ Wo shall press it to the utmost, until the mystery of Look sley’s fate has been cleared up. This mnoh I will tell you—his hat has been fonnd in the Thames." Marlowe groaned with horror. “I knew nothing of this—I never sue peoted it.” “ Yon inserted the libel abont him in a scurrilous society paper,” was the stem rejoinder. ' And repreanted youraelf to bn Captain Deene, or some near relation of Mrs Looksley.” “ I only did it under the instructions of another,’ Marlowe sobbed. ‘Oh, this dis grace—the diegraoe of being charged in open court with these things, will ruin me—will kill me! ’ •< It is all yon deserve," was the barrister’s I cold reply. “ Who has been y onr tuotr T ’ “I will tell yon to-morrow—after I have seen him," Marlowe promised, “ ( am sure that I oan clear myself; I have only obeyed Captain Deene in most things.” “Yon mean that yon hold tome power over the eld seaman, and force him to con sent to anything yon propose.” “He owes me money,” confessed Mar lowe. “ I’ll make a dean breast of it, and he bee not been above trading with the smugglers. This is a serious offenoe, particularly for an old naval offioer. From the day I discovered it, he has been my tool, and I determined to marry hie grand daughter. Do you know why?" he went on, excitedly. “ I heard her mother’s story from the old nun again and again, and it did not take me long to diaoover that she was an earl’s daughter—that her father lived, and that she would some day be a rich heiress. Would this not make a man do almost anything ? And I should have suooeeded, but for the handsome face and sweet words of yenng Looksley. There the whole story is in a nutshell 1 Esther Marsh was to share the money with me.” He paced tho police office exoitedly, and both Fairfax and Rogers promised to see him again the next day. The charge wonld not be called in coart for two days, and, in tbe meantime, mnoh might be done. He was removed to a oell, and they went away well satisfied with the progress that had been made. Both men aooompanied Dora to Richmond, for they were now heart and soul in the task of unraveling the many mysteries that surrounded her. Beyond a slight dizziness, she was none the worse for the ohloroform she had inhaled, and deolared that its effects had been rather pleasant than otherwise, though ■he shuddered to think what might have been her fate had not Frank Rogers traced the movements of her enemies, “ We have him completely in onr hands now,” he said, when they were seated in the train. “ He has oonfessed that his great objeot in marrying you was to seoure a fortune, which he believes that you will some day inherit from your father. Esther M*rsh was to share in his good luck, and the power he holds over your foolish old grandfather he will now never be able to use. From inquiries made about him, we learn that he is a big oommeroial bubble. Tho country is full of Ins paper, purporting to be aooeptsnoes of customers who really do not exist. If one of these documents is aver dishonored, it means two years for him.” “Seven I” supplemented Fairfax. “Our oojeet is to run down the mas who lw prompted him in many things, and I am not aore, Mrs Lookaley, that it is not the same who met yon at Charing Cross this evening. Ton say that he was under the average in size, apparently sixty years of age, and with round shoulders ?" Yes,’’ replied Dora. “ It is some one well-convEreant with onr movements,” Frank observed; then he turned to Dora and continued : “ It was only by the merest chanoe that I came npon the scene so opportunely, Mrs Lookaley. This evening, I received a telegram from Switzerland, in answer to my advertisement, and I really believe that it is from Lord Morden himself.” Dora gave a little gasp, and held out her hand for it, for, while speaking, Rogers had taken it from his pooket-bcok That is it: «■Frank Rogers, No. 8 Market Street, Hammersmith, London :—A friend of Lord Morden will reply to yon in person within forty-eight hours. ” "I believe that yon are right, Mr Rogers,’’ she said. “I believe that my ! iataer sent this with his own hands.” “ With the oonsent of Mr Fairfax,” went [on Frank, ”1 hastened to Richmond to impart the news to yon, and heard from Madame Bell that yon had left an hour earlier, to meet me, in anewer to a telegram whioh I had never sent to you ! Yon can imagine my surprise, and how I harried book.” “ Altogether, thongh,” Fairfax observed, “ jt is a fortunate circumstance. Matters will be narrowed down to a very fine point within a few hours, I am sure.” The pony oarriage was waiting for Dora at Richmond, bat before she parted with the two men, the barrister asked : “ Are yon quite sure, Mrs Lookaley, that you have never before seen the man who eo nearly duped you to-night—or any one like him ?” •• Only his tones seemed to be a little familiar,'’ she replied, “ and that may be a mere enepioion.” I will not suggest any one,” he said, a little radly, “but it is my firm conviction that thia is the man who is responsible for whatever evil has befallen your husband. W e have now to get at the root of the motive to dissipate any donbts that may exist. The rascal, though he may have the cunning of a fiend, is nearly run to earth. The motive 1 The motive !’* A few minutes more, and they parted, Dora to retnrn to her lonely hearth—to her constant vigil, and the two young men to keep a late appointment with Fetors, who had gone to •• The Cedare ” for (a two-fold purpose—one was to see his master, the other to ehow hie hatred and oontempt for Viscount Melville. "I will bo book to-night, be hod Mia. “ I will bo at the Temple at midnight—if 1 am alive I” , , ,. He laughed, and Fairfax begged of him to have no secrets from them. •< Why should yon think that I have any secrets V’ he demanded. Baoause your manner is more than melo dramatic, ’’ was the reply. Then he looked earnestly at the barrister. 11 What 1 have kept to myself so far, is for the Bafety of my master,” he said, •* but I will not keep it after I have seen him. He does not yet know that his son—the son for whom he has sinned—is gone, perhaps, for ever. The villain- But there 1 1 will not say another word until 1 come back to night. Yon know where I am going to— • The Cedars,’ Streatham Hill 1 If 1 do not come back, you will know where to find my went away, leaving Fairfax in an un comfortable frame of mind. " Peters thinks that he knows something of importance,” he told Rogers, “ but I shall soon begin to think that he Ib aa irrespon sible as his master. It seems an aot of kindness on the part of Melville to persuade Mr Looksley to return home under any pretence, though Peters attributes to him sinister motives. Why ? They propounded many theories, but decided to do nothing further, until Peters came back, and were both auxions and ex pectant, particularly since the events which had landed Mr Riobacd Marlowe in prison. It waB nearly twelvo o’clock when they reaohed the Temple, but there was no Peters in sight. They went up to Fairfax’s rooms, and the barrister produced a box of oigars, and some light wine. •* Let us make ourselves as comfortable as wo oan,” Fairfax said. “I must confess that these rooms and passages have a grae some feeling at night. The deathly silenoe, after the bustle of the day, is very depress ing. I should think an author would get plenty of inspiration here for a complete budget of ghost stories !” Rogers closed the door, with a shiver, and stirred up the dying embers of the fire. “ The wind hai a mournful sound,” he observed, “and the silence is only accent uated by the tramp of the policeman who passes every honr. Hark ! There he goeB “ Half-past twelve ! I hope that Peters will not forget his appointment. He promised to bo here in the spirit, if not in the being corporeal! ’ A minute later, they beard a step on the payed court-yard, and Rogers stepped to the window. , “ It’s Peters, at last 1” he exolaimed. “ Hallo 1 There's somebody after him. By Heaven I it’s the man with the hump—the man who decoyed Mrs Looksley ! “ Nonsense !" ejaculated the barrister, as lie jumped to hie feet. “ By George, Rogers, you are right!” They beard Peters on the stairs, snd hair fax turned to get a light, while Rogers walked to the door. “Hold,” interrupted the barrister. “He knows his way. L3t him get to the top before we show ourselves, lest we startle onr friend with the hnmp. We must asptnre that gentleman ! ’ .... The footsteps oame nearer; then there was an oppressive silenoe, followed by a terrible thud-thud, and a scream of mortal Rogers dashed open the door, while Fair fax revealed a horrible sight, almost at their feet, aa he held aloft the lamp that he had snatohed from the table. 