THE L1TTLEB0R0UGH BACHELOHS' BALL. J>o, h*nk," "i,i jini Wiclib&ni.; jn "p|y to his companion's question, .' we h«ve not had . Bachelors'Ball in LiUleborough (or the last tbreo years." Captain Cnrgenvcn elevated bis fret rarefullv mi to the mantel-piree and tilfod back his cbair. hiMt watched him nervouiilj, being con cerned for the peril of the Crown Darby tea cups. ' " I don't think 1 shall break anything',' mur mured G'urgeiiven, conleutedly ; " I bave only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you uiod moving that photogrmph-frtme the one in ondised silver, I mean P I trouble yon in the interest of the article itnelf. Thank you. How, if j.ollr mantelboarA it reliable, as it ought to be,t aball be thoroughly comfortable in body and mind." Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use less. He made no comment, and returned to the aubjuct under discussion. " Ax soon as Charlie Davidson got married*" he continued. " we Uie gallant remnant of mogle bleaaedneas in I'Ktleborough. considered It about time to cwj» advertising every Christ mas oar fortunate condition. Charlie had man the Bachelors' Ball for yean." .. And Hfocewfully ? "Execrably. no wone Secretary could have been found. That «u hh great merit, because everybody vu always prepared to abuse him. Ht alWays offended two- thirds of the neigh bourhood ; be forgot to invite bis mother sod sinter one year." *' Poor old Charlie I" said Curgeoven, with . smile, M bis head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." 11 When he resigned he Jeft the management of the ball in ancb evil udoor that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertake it: so the hall was droned. Besides, there was rather a palntnl iocident in connection with the last 'hat Jut not yet been explained to all.* "Thii i« very exciting," remarked his friend, rleftte to remember that I have beeo four yMfi in India, and an dying for Littloborough «W»te the oocuovuee ID your own ini tt»J»hle style, while 1 smoke and listen." Jim Wickham was a seasoned bachelor, whose e»V»est and onty fove ha<t been the sound of bis ?*?*?* tondly litfcVi busybody, few things w Ijittieborough escaped the inquisition of his double ey^faas. He drew a cbair to tbe fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to do jastiee to bi* «oh;ect. * 5t *" Cbsrlie Davidson's fauJ t eotwl»»be&o.; " Yea know we used lo nave a Ust of people that were invited every 1^. Cbariie always «mt them invitations, whether they had left the place, or were dead, criTk"iP^-. He osed to invite tbem all. He Mtoa old Miss Cmuberbitch three successive jreara after her death at tbe age of 70." .# Sat ebit aierer would accept, I eappose f" , *r°5»«new«pptowd. Bat at Ust he ..Iced aoother nut who was also dead " ^.'^iMrfeteiMd by tbe silence of Visa Cumber " And this man," said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying bis hand on bis com union s arm, " actually appeared at tbe ball. J*at was tbe uncomfortable part of it." "... f1"® ? " .*"' Cuijenven, «. I any, you II liave to shift that (Sevres flower-vase . if TOU moke aay more autemenls of that kind, 1 ?ball be kickiug it over." His host rose, obediently, and cleared a wider .pace ID the neighbourhood .if his companion's clippers, Aether apojeg for a moment or two, *nd then Curgeuven demanded cont nuance and an esplanation. " Who on earth was the man f " he asked. " had no Imftiness to bo anvbody ou earth Jhro, wss Wickhams reply. " His name was -PF#,»IU011- 1 d»"> »7 Toa remember "Oh! jres, rstliiT. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. 1 did not know him at all well. B *?? 'IP those pnrui learning banking, warn t he r 1 rumemlx'r him chiefly as a great friend of old Waterflchl, the hanker. (Surely he waa in WaterlMd's bank Y " " That's the man. He was a great friend of £ . ' ""!!!! WB\ " e«*t friend of Kitty " af«Beld a-ho used to tslk to me about her " " 1 knew a girl would be bound to come into th« Blory soon. What is she like P Attractive i I doii'l know her even by sight." "Notth«loMt attentive. Good eves and a .Jul* faee. Nobody knows anything about her. Hie never talks to anyhoily. (She's either too ah* ur too ttM-rved. I've known her all her life, and taken tier in to dinner aboulthirty times. 1 ohwuUnictcd from her « ennfrssion that she divliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid ence she baa «.-vit bunoun-ri mo Willi, still rrrguaon, I fancy, got a bit further with lirr than that. Indeed, lie was .l.-SM'iatfly kratn on her. I cun't for the life of me imagine why, escrpt for the fact that she .lldu t cure two straws nbuut him. tjhe used to lw ruJn to him. ihuuiili, .ml that was an ad vance un tho distantly polite attitude she adopted towards uveiybody rise. " Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball bat one. F.rguson and Nisa WatcrHuld danood together ?ore than onco, I can vouch fur that, aud they aat out together ))rctty oftiu too, Sbe was «M)»er in much ilenmiid as a partner, though he was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody elan that aght. Hia eyes followed her. Win a dog's eye* all over the room ; and «he went about, wlhur with him, or without him, a P**! inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but alisolutcly unconcerned. Khe looked raiher |««tty that night, but whether .he (njnjred henwlf or not I have not the least Mm. Old Ferguson htd promised to come in .ad have a smoke with me after the dance: and ® putting Iim tU'.it en itt the cloak-room* I Mfd : V jure coming round for « pine, oh f ' H««aid: ' Not to-night. I think. I'm a bit .tone up aonwhnw.' I thought he seemed rather Jow-«piril«l and tiicd, and be shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. W«.|l, tbat was four years ago, and I have never sot .JT on tho man since. Mind tho clock, Frank, foot tight foot r* dangerously near it." ^Vcjought "ot tu aay sucli btarliing thiugn, "Tbet>e*tday Ferguuon hit Uttlebowunh without* Wflftlfoai'jhnUy. Hh Mtew were lobe forw«ri<*l to Iiijd *t nomo club in Loiulcn, I forget wbieh. Atoxt iteoplu wondered at hi* KOing, and mi**cd bim nut a little ; but tbe wly person who cuuld throw any light on it waf Mish Witf*rfi«rlri, and nobody in bis tenses ever tireamed of pumpiiii; her. 8be went on joftjwjiMjsl not looking either melancholy or rnlievpH, but Mmp'y expreMionless. 1 spoke to Iter once ulxuit luni. Imt she never answered, .fid I clmngwl the Mibjcct to K6me, wbere she bad just Ifurii, exactly garrulous mi that topio eithtr; l.ut that is neiiber bero bor therr. " Wv liud junf »issued the inviratiuiM for Uie nest lUihelor'fl llnll i je«r nfier. and CUarlin U«vidMH), Wlio *08 "Hgntffil t»i \m married at ibe Dine bi.d !.i« farewell rppi-hihuco saKiweUry l.y ihhMhk eveniiliigK. t mwsof tl.e (fall Umn On (list evasion he m erlooked (he I.ord*Lio(itenaiit «ud IIih ('nluuitl jn com* HiMini. | was iii lie County Club lunchinc one d*y with two or tlm-e otl.er fe'lows, wln M a n.»i) said auddi illy,41 si-e that jwor vouuc Fer (pison, who whs up lu re, U dead Hn died ftjineabereiii Afnrn nUmt ME wix- kn ago. It wa» in all the pupwh. Didn't anybody we ii. V * * Nune of us bad *«<;n it, and it whk a great .hock to me. It(it<'tiHrli<i i)»vidi«<ii, niu> was tiere, turne I uh ,»du sk a si v»l, mid hod down his knife and lork, I knew Ht once he lind sent l»!»r feruuson M rai-.l lor the hnll, sn«l lor once $ fi'it rather m»rry lor him, be looked wry u|Met. ." Young Hald>urton,»iotvev«T, begun to crick ^cxt'.onmiy joki^titOiHilie's ekjH.>)i*p. H*« Hi that ««! Hlioidd Imve \ ebei-rlul bail it .Vviylmdy our wrrctMry iuvit<-d turned up, Mid *af furrhi r lUiiiimih io discover if Qu<en Anno ».oi -s'x- »l, huy ng Itu thought «lie be 1 .l. 1,1 «' ^ ' But when Un went »*j » *ujd it ««»?. t: ou U dree young P"? '\ :,nT Kr;iV^, tlm lucldes* I'hurlie ho ill that fn-ople lold Halihurtr'ti to <lrv ^N^ilid not try aud be fminy un n suhjret hk'e " Von know. I think Davidson was worked .flitiUir.ilhcrnii'ecue'slate of mind when tin: eventful night ariived. He has olten, in Willi* me tbe story uf what he saw, remarked Wat iic felt a pravatimeot " " Ob. don't'' interiupted bis listener. " Don't tA <14 have any presentiments. Go on with the fcUWtutf " Just as you like," replied Wickham,mildly. . Anyhow, whatever Charlie's »tate or mind «*?< Uie tupper-reom had just been opeur). nod hfl wh rtt«hingalx»uttcll>(ii; tbo wrong men to take Intbewronglariiiis HttcniiKHiithecounr of bis carcer to a small sitting-out room elosi> to tb<! rntnmce»bill. It was rather « cold «t>d unpopularroom, with* drjf*cti»il- ln»»king pnlm Irre in the «?utre, rod fitud out with the shab biest of the sofas anil chair*. Tbe bull nccretary came iik, but be stopped quite as liRRtily in the doorwuy. For, Kitting *id«i by side on a coucli exactly opposite {jim were Mr#* M'aterfieM and Uonlop Ferguson. The intruder war) too much staggured to see very clearly, hut he looked Ferguson full iu the face and suwthat he waa while and haggard. "Charlie? Davidson could not stand the Right, aDd bolted out like itleam. He managed to find me in the supper-room, and I could not think what wai the row with bim. I gave him (tome brandy* which he wan(ed badly; and then he told ine what he had seen, and begged me lo go and bee what ( could see. 41 Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and iuspcct a ghost, aud 1 hesitated a little. But then I concluded cither that they had been mistaken iu telling ua that Ferguson was dead,or rife that Charlie had been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. Ho 1 put on M calm a face as I could and made straight for tbe spot. I went in airily and casually, only to And there was nobody there but Miss Waterfiehl. She was loaning back on the sofa, with b*r bands behind her head, look* ing up at the electric light." " Didn't she seem upset P1' asked Curgenven, " or startled Y " " She looked nothing, as she always did," was the reply. ° There was positively not one sign about her that could tell anybody anything. She looked, if anything, a little bored." " That is quite tbe correct expression for a girl to wear," observed Curgenven, selecting a cigarette from tho bo* on tbe table, .. when her dead lover has returned from the grave to meet her on tbe Anniversary of the day she rejected bim. I suppose you catechised her ? " " My cross-examination was very skilful, for I led up to it gently. 1 Raid I didu't know she was all alone : to which she replied* 1 Didn't yon : '-which is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which she was very great. I oouM not for the life of me go on to esy that I had been told a ghost was sitting out the supper danoes with her. I made florae general remark, which she received with a politn . Indeed !' displaying no interest of any kind ; and then her mother suddenly came in. Her mother is talkative, and au idiot, ao I fled, leaving the secret be hind me. " I'm bound to say that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story later on in the evening when several gloases of champigne in* terreDed between himself and the facts. He made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse- like and supernatural^ and added a sug gestion of a bullet-wound in his forehead, im plyiog suicide. However, other people were in ! dined to be lew impressed, and hinted that tbe (Secretary had been sampling tbe drinks before supper. Young Haliburton, when be was next in London, made inquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the card for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he had heard nothing of Fergusson for several months, and that he bad left so address to which his letters might be forwarded. Ho showed Hali burton about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them tv find Charlie's invitation. But-this was a very strange feature in it-the invitation to tbe ball was not among the letters. Waui'fc that curious ? " " It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somswbere beyond his Club." " Shortly after this remarkable apparition, Bliss Waterfield went away from Littleborougb. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germany. 1 believe music interest* her faintly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers, A very wise msn in the Club once said that if Ferguson were really dead he considered Kitty Woterfleld morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wiser msn suggested that he should go and tell her Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story mi excellent one, and it remained an ex* collect story, in his estimation, until one day be hapened to see in the paper tbe marriage, tele graphed home rom Africa, of a certain Mr. l)uulop Ferguson to au officer's daughter in Cape Town. Theu he recollected that tbe name was not a very uncommon one, and that the Littieborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that thoFerguson who appeared at the ball was the same tfrrguson who was dead. Charlie tiavidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of tbe same uame. Others, however, hold that Ferguson pud a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss WaterQold comes back to her Dative town certain bold spirits have resolved ts east lots to rieoi'de who shall question her and find out the truth,-'* Vanity Fair." ! 