© c l i c k s attb Mt-(Bc\xo ? REVERBERATIONS. (By HUGIl IvAlA'lTUS.) "Lord Hopetouu, who sat next to Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton at the Br.iesey fare- Well dinner, strongly advises him to go in fop racing when ho jretu to the colony." The above is " Anglo Colonial's" gossip in the Renistcr, but ho probably did not think at the time how much he was giving the new Governor away. Now, just imagine Sit T. Fowell Buxton, who may have bought a new pair of gubernatorial boots esp&omlly; made for the colonies, with double soles and gambling proof, warranted to resist the stage, and particularly adapted f.irtho totalizator and the turfReneraHy,comingoutbereandb»ingtackl«.d by theatrio.il managers and SDorting spirits, not to speak of Cornermen. We'll take the theatrical man first—this way : "Sir Thomas! Allow me to present you with the programme of our performance tonight, and solicit your patronage. Ours ia not a 'leg show'" Sir Thomas—"A leg bIiow ! I do not understand you. What is a leg sr.ow—is it an athletio performance t If to, I will readily patronise it." "Oh, not that, yojir Excellency ; we play The Lady of Lyons' to-night." His Esoellcncy—"' The Lady of Lions !' Oh ! Then it is a circus. Ivo, my good man (loftily, but with extreme courtesy)—I do not hold with the nircus; it is immoral. I believe the ladies ride horses in tights. I mean to say the lad ion, not the horses, wear tightB." Agent—"I quite assure Your Excellency, nothing of the sort " His Excellency—(hastily)—"No more, my good man, I pray you, no more, I have heard enough." The Racine Man—(thinking that he ooraes in the running now)—"May it please Your Exoellency, but I am here to solicit your interest in th9 noble animal the horse. Now, I can put you on to a 'dead cc-rtainty' for the "Last Farthing Handicap,' or the 'Shrunken' Puree Flat.' You see tha favourite, ' Spavin,' iasgot glanders in the off hind leg, and "Blind •Hftggera,' the second favourite, has a gumboil to his near side fetlock, bo that neither of them havB a ghost of a ehow, you ask 'Tar quia,' but' Blue Ruin' " The Governor—" But, my dear fellow, I never go in for horseraoing. The only gambling I ever went into was when I was a child, and we used to bet elate pencils on two flies walking up the window-pane." "Two flies! what's two flies to a couple of houea that has shown up first rate at Oakbank, Morphettville, and the Old Course, and ia good for the three mile ?" "Realir, my good fellow, you mistake me ; the only race I am interested in is the Australian race, and you ruuet excuse me." "The Australian Race! I haven't heard of that fixture, but if you name the bosses I'll lay I get you the certainty." "Go away, my good man, go away, we do nob understand one another.", [Enter a Share-dealer—] "Your Excellency, may I bring under yonr attention the First-in-the-Till Mining Syndicate ; a dead certainty, sir. You go in to-day Mid go out to-morrow, making double your money; selling cut first chance." "But what about the man who buys on aecond chance?" " Oh, him! Bless you, my dear sir, you're a new ohum, and cannot be t-xpeoted to understand how we work these things. He doesn't count. You see vx g6t the money, and he keeps up the running." "Oh! is that eo 1 Well, somehow I prefer to be the party who has nothing to do with it. Your Syndicate does not appeal to me." Chorus of disappointed applicants—"Oh! don't it. Well then, you had better take a •hare in the'Society for the Propagation of Common Sense in Parliament, ! you bad." " Mr. Playford goes away with his wife and daughter for a week to Paris, but thie is only a preface to his proper holiday which he will probably spend in Sootland. His able assistant, Mr. Wicksteed, has been away holidaying for the last fortnight, so Mr. Playford has not been able to nee the free pass over all the railways in the United Kingdom whioh the Seoretary of the International Railway Congress put at his disposal." Now, I fancy that Mr. Playford, who is a oannieoarl, weel sequent wi' the ways of men, will get on vera weel wi' the Scotch foik. To their greeting, "Hoo's a' wi' ye?" he will reply in his bluff, hearty, colonial way," "Oh ! all serene. There's no flies about me, and be will envelop the Celtic fist in his own expansive palm, and spfeedily get to cracking about things in general and everything in partio'Iar. Mr. Playford is of Yorkshire stock, and it will take a smart man south of the Tweed to get the exact measure ot Tom's foot. Perhaps it is well for some of those con* eerned that Arbor Day is celebrated only once a year (writes a correspondent). For instance, at Yacka the other day the schoolchildren after the tree-planting, had to undergo the ordeal of being addressed by twelve local magnates, who, according to the Register report were "among others who spoke." It is usualfor these important personages to occupy the time of the youngsters in discussing the subjeot of treepknting, and pointing out the way liWs path should be trod, and in the meantime the children are Biraply itching to get outside and enjoy the half-holiday invariably'granted them. By-the-way, it often falls to the lot of the poor teacher to regale her hardy charges at these functions in the country. 