The Advanced Woman. At the ordinary meeting of the Debating Club on Tuesday night there 'was a large attendance, particularly of ladies. The secretary was, instructed to inform the sec retary of the Captain's Flat School of Arts that at present the society cannot see its way clear to visit :the Flat to hold, a public debate. The subject for the evening's dis cussion was-" Is the advanced woman a menace or an advantage to society 1" The ministry (Mr D)unlop, .lr Vincent, and Dr Richardson) were to affirm that she .is a menace. Ma VINCENT led off, and opposed the mas culine sort of womea, and the kind carica-. 'tured in funny, illustrated papers. Mr Cox replied, advocating the fullest freedom to women in matters of education, politics, social reform, and in ordinary trade. MR N. B. DowNING opposed any departure by women from the sanctity of homelifej and eloquently affirmed that any other life by the:a was a menace to tile peace of home and society. MR DUNLOP conceded the freedom to women of smoking, of exorcising the fran chise, and of wearing trousers, but was against allowing them to enter into competi tian to men in all save a few trades and professions. Ma CADDEN dealt with the economic side of the question, showing that if women worked, men must be displaced. MR FIRTa spoke in favour of their full enmancipation, and the placing of them on an equality with men. DR BrLAoNALL was wholly in favor of the advanced woman. He urged support to the opinion that those women who are obliged to work for a living should be entitled. te hold positions in the higher spheres as well as in the lower. He considered women could safely be doctors, bankers, teachers, etc., without unfitting them for the positions of wives and mothers. On division the ministry carried the day by 20 to 14, several persons not voting. Mr Dunlop resigned, however, and recommended Mr Vincent as premier, which the Speaker accepted, and Mr Vincent announced that on the next debate-" Are ghosts a reality or a figment of the imagination 7" the ministry would support the latter contention. I. Gladden, West Shefford, P.Q., writes : " For a number of years I have "been afflioted with Rheumatlsm. Two years ago I was attacked very severely. I suffered a great deal of pain, from which I was not free for a day, until last spring when I began to use Canadian Healing Oil, and I rejoice to say it has cured me, for which I am thbnkful."..04 I 