An Avenue ot Oedars- The Wonderful Roadway That Leads Prom Tokio to Nikko, in Japan. — «>-0 o remit iulu or juaxincnxt tueb3, ixros ixa in tnzin giuxdbub. Peculiar Ceremonies at tho Funeral if a Japanoao Girl. The Japanese, when they entombed, at Nikko, Iyeyasu, one oi their greasiest states men and heroes, the founder of tho Toku- gawa dynaBty of military rulers, whose Dower came to an end onlv with tho revolu- tion of 1863, after lasting three centuries — planted better than they knew when they built an almost straight road from Tokio to the sacred ground at Nikko, lined the greater distance on either hand with pineB and cedarB, whose fragrant breath and giant tops perfume and Bhadow the path. Since then 300 years have come and gone, adding year by year ring growths, till now these forest giants gnard the way, mature and vigorohs, as if age only added to their strength. ThiB a7cnuo of cedars reaches almost forty miles of the way from Tokio to Nikko. ' I have eeen avenues of oakB at Windeor and Book- iugham maybe two miles or over long ; bnt think of it I a roadway graded level, about twenty feet wide, curbed at both aides, with living water running, and with steeply- sloping banks from six to twelve feet high, and npon these in an endless prooesaion the great cedars of Japan. I wonder if the world elsewhere oan match it. Noble trees impress moet people ; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like theBe could give as an expression of human emotion. The desire which the descendants and suaceesors of the great Iyeyasu had to embody in a fitting way their reverenoe for his— to them — godlike powers could not possibly have been disylaycd in a grander manner than iB seen to-day in this wonderful avenue of cedcrs. Thoy stretch along mile after mile, sometimes only singly in a straight line close together, the swelling bases qnite tonobing eaoh other, and then they stretch ont in couples and triplets. Often twin trees eeem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there absoluteness of straight line, bnt everywhere that delightful unbalanced symmetry pecnliar to Japenese art and which Nature only teaabes. The cedars vary in diameter from two feet to six feet. The bark is redish, thin and olose set In rather narrow parallel strips.- Tbetrnnks are straight and uniformly round, reaching fifty to seventy-five feet in height before branching much, and reaching an altitude of 130 to ISO feet. The branches arc not large in proportion to the trunks, bo that trees stand close together, interlacing their shade. We entered this avenue from the railway Btation, Utsu-no-miya, at abont 3 o'clock in the afternoon, having arranged for jin- riki- ehas and extra men to pull ns all the way to Nikko, expecting to reach there before dark, but it was nine Japanese ri, equal to abont twenty-three English miles, and a moderate np-grade all the way, and it was nine o'clock at night before we reached Nikko. Solemn and imposing indeed was the shadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, but doubly solemn as night Bettled down, and nothing oauld be distinguished. The jih-riki-shamen seemed to feel their way with their feet ; a paper lantern with a tallow candle lighted the space that a firefly would. The banks of the roadway were quite above our beads, but one after another wc could eee the great trnnks of the cedars leading up till lest in the upper darkness. Every now and then the " riky " men would startle us by 'Ha," then " Sb," " Sorya," the expression of warning, and then some gray ghost of a belated traveller wonld silently slide by. Then we weald eee glimmering lanterns ahead, and long stretches of paok- borses loaded with char coal, baled rioe and bamboo polesi wonld go noisily by. There was no wind, no insect Bounds. At intervals of two or three miles we would come to a large village built on either side of the road, at whioh point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commence solidly and uninterruptedly again at the end of the village atreet. At Nikko the avenue practically ends, and there the largest and oldeBt of the cedars group.themselvea in forest-like masses around the great Shogun's tomb. a japanese vuskraxi. The eldest daughter of Otani Kahei, a rich rice merchant of Yokohama, died recently, 16 years of age, and I witnessed the funeral procession as it passed aloDg one of the main streets of -the oity. It was nearly a mile in length, and contained probably a thousand persons, including mourners, friends, priests and flower- bearers. First came eix great bouquets or stands of flowers arranged in a conical form, each' about eight feet high, two feet in diamoter at tho bottom, tapering to the top. These consisted of alternate circles of flowers and evergreens, and were strikingly effective io aharaater. The stem or handlo of each was a green bamboo about five inohea in diameter, fixed at the bottom in a some what ornamental wooden base. They were car ried braced to sheulder- poles by coolieB, with relays of men to relieve them occasionally. Following these were six stands of artificial flowers, gilded and silvered ; after these the young female relatives and friends of the dead girl, richly dressed, each in a jin-riki- sha. Then came no less than fifty-two enor mous stands of flowers and evergreens — such as first described — borne in pairs, followed by a large number of tsuknri-bana (artificial flowors). Then oxmo a BolcVnn- looking " Shin-kwan '" (Shinto priest), who tapped upon a sacred drum ; after him a number of sacred musicians in full dress and hats, playing upon small bamboo fifes. After these, in jin-riki-shas, a number of Buddhist priests, with shaven heads, dressed in rich- colored robss, holding in their laps some symbolic vessels containing rice and other — to me — unknown substances. Over theee were held enormous crimson paper um brellas, carried by bearers dressed in white. After these came a man holding " Ihai," a wooden tablet on which the name of the dead girl was written ; then two men followed with incense burners ; then many more stands of flowers, both natural and artificial. Then came the body in a plain eoflin covered with white, borne high upon a platform, over which was a canopy. Then followed the relatives on foot and friends of the deceased's parents, and after them the pnblio. At the cemetery hundreds of boxes containing sweetmeats were given away to the friends, and tea was eesved to all who wished. Mnch of the ceremony was unintelligible to me, bnt aa a pnblia epeotacle it was remarkable. Once one of those itinerant and persistent gentlemen with a subscription-book kept pre senting it while old Horace Greeley was writing. Horaoe had a habit, when any one wonld interefer9, of kicking, and bo he kicked at the subscription fiend. Finally, when he saw that he conid not get rid of the intruder by this meanB, he stopped in the middle of a sentence.-tnrnedronnd, and said, raepingly; in that shrill voice of hie ; " What do yon want ? State it quick, and state it in the fewest possible words 1" "Well," said the subscription fiend, "I want a subscription, Mr. Greeley, to prevent thousands of my fellow hnman beings from going to hell." Said Mr Greeley : " I won't give yon a centT Thera don't half enough go there now.'' Enamobed Swain : " For yon, darling,' 'I wad lay me donn and dee.'" Praetioal Maiden : " That sort of thing is clear ont of date, Willie, What a girl wants Dow-a-dsys ;s a man wh7 is willidg to get up and hustle lor her." It ie always safe to learn oven from our enemies— seldom sale to venture to Instinct even our ftwnds, 