A FLABBY GENERATION. When Mr. "GLADSTONE said not long before retiring from political life that in these days no one had final opinions about anything, he showed that his mind reflected one more phase; of the times. That mind, no doubt, was a faithful reflector of changes going on, as "we may 1 learn from its development bothin regard to political and social questions, but ho himself hardly seems to have understood the full significance of tho words thathe used. Since- th«n we have had many opportunities of seeing, not only that liis words were true, but true in a mucli broador senso than oven lie supposed. For we find'tliat in regard -to many questions a Iat^ge number of persons must be said to haveno docidedopinions atall. Tbey have found that some of tho things which they - ? once beliwrod wrong, and thpy | have reached the conclusion that pos ably ^everything that ttey believed is ,.j: wrong. 'Because they found that ti^esy could not multiply large numb^.^r*i toctily they have come to doubt wnC&et; tbey can multiply small ones. EMERSON* tells us that what vo do not know not make w' r'oubt what jit now, which cui.cluBion ' reason ;'SUSf^^ i tains. Wd may 'be sure' iliai lrnow how much twice two make, though we may not be certain that w6 can determine the exact amount of ten times ten thousand. The one fact re mains, whatever doubts we may lfue about other facts, just as a man may know his way home, though he may no be able to travel ten miles beyond his house. Indeed, nothing is more common than to find persons accurately informed within certain narrow limits, thoug 1 iey are absolutely ignorant as soon as those limits are passed. The ugly duckling remained a swan though it could not bring sparks out of its back like the cat or lay eggs like the hen. But the new spirit to which Mr. GLADSTONE made reference, and which has now hold of a whole host of persons, argues from what is not known to the conclusion that nothing is known. This is the converse of the ordinary and rational way of pro ceeding, which is to advance from estab lished facts to others to be established, and ends in the formula that because w e do not know everything therefore we know nothing. The results of such a perverse and obviously false method of reasoning, if reasoning it can be called, are grotesque in the extreme, for they tend to bewilder a number of conscientious persons, and cause the simple and well-meaning, with whom the world abounds, not to know where they are. Mentally, they cannot tell whether they are on their heads or their heels. They begin to test every thing anew. They conclude that because something has been shown to be in certain things not generally believed, there must be something in everything that was disbelieved. From this springs a rage for what is called rehabilitation, which has now become so prevalent as that no one can say when it will stop. People are beginning to ask, why should .we refuse to believe anything 1 We hear daily tales of wonderful things said, to have been done by sober inquirers, things for which we have no evidence whatever ; why should we not believe all that we hear, since the one tale is as well supported as the other? If we are to believe in tele pathy and automatic writing, why not in ghosts and signs and portents ? Why should not birds and beasts be possessed of the power of giving omens, and why should we not believe in the good in fluence of a horseshoe, or the bad in fluence of a ladder 1 The scientific inquirer will not find much difficulty in showing how far we may believe, how far doubt, and what things we may properly hold to be in credible and false. He will point out that science has proceeded from fables and suppositions to demonstrations and to facts. The world has believed in the transmutation of metals, in the philo sopher's stone, in the water of life, and in many more strange and wonderful things, such as the power of incantations and the might of magic powders. The early inquirers had faith more or less in these things, besides a hundred others, such as the power to render a person invisible and to cure sickness by the repeating of charms. The man of science, ?we may say the reasonable man, does not believe these things now, because he knows that careful investigation has shown them to be false, and his conclu sion is not at all affected by the argument that there are a great many things that he does not know. This is, indeed, the most fallacious form of argument that could well be adopted, since the natural conclusion from it is that we are bound to believe everything that we may be told. Yet it is the argument which lies at the bottom of much that is put into big books at the pre sent day, not to speak of magazine1 articles by the score, all of which ^re. intended to prove that because we domot know what all the forces of nature Vre we are bound to accept anything as a force of nature which any charlatan or self-deceiver may choose to call so. Take astrology, which has recently been re-; vived, in defence of which we are told that we cannot say what the influence of the planets is, which may be said,* in a certain way, to be true enough. But ifc by no means follows that because we do not know all that the planets do we are bound to believe all that we are told that they do. This is quite another matter. We do know that *' Every second dies a man, Every second one is born ;" and we have reason enough left yet to refuse to believe that thousands of men have the samedestniy because they happen lo fce W" at tbe 861116 mci,lleQt o£ time* Indus wise, too, we answer the weather prophets, who undertake toforecast storm and shine by reading tho planets AS they rovolre intheirspheres. We say, as Met, gjjurtif the planets nwAe the weather. then it must be the same all over the' world, whereas it is not the same all over one country or even a small part of a country. What seems to be the matter is, that a large number of persons have lost the healthy tone of mind which keeps them straight both in beliefs and morals. They have taken to confounding distinctions. They are so subtle that to be nothing is their boast. They have lost the healthy reaction against fraud and deceit, and thus we have a revival of the old arts which flourished most when Rome was most degenerate, and when people came to rely rather on trickery and art than upon honest work and honourable conduct. In politics we are trying to dodge the verities, in morals to confound plain distinctions, whilst, as a natural con sequence, credulity breaks out afresh, and no swindle is too stale to be practised anew, and no deceit too palpable to bring its harvest of coin from the swarms of fools. The whole thing results from a misuse of reason. It is not a proof of wisdom, of candour, or of honest inquiry, but of weakness, vacillation, a want of tone of mind, and an absence of a per ception of the facts. So there are grave proposals to rehabilitate old supersti tions, which, if logically carried out, must end in the burning of suspected persons for witches, even as we have just read about in Ireland, where perverted belief has been pushed to tragical re sults. 