ROOK HAMPTON. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1805. THE BRISBANE FREE LIBRARY. A nice little project to provide Bris bane with a free public library was formally launched this week. Brisbane lias already a public library, the largest of the kind in the colony, which, like the other public libraries to be found all over Queensland, is subsidised by the Government. But it is not free. That is the sorrow. None of the other public libraries in the colony is free ; people who wish to avail themselves of thc library attached to thc Rockhampton School of Arts have to pay a subscription. But Brisbane wishes to have its public library made free. There is no proposal that nil the other public libraries are to be made free, but simply the Brisbane one. If this were to be done at the charge of the people of Brisbane it would bc a matter with which we would i bare nothing to do. But that is not the scheme at all. Brisbane is to be provided with this free library at the expense of the people of Queensland. No one will be sur- prised at this, for it is exactly what was to be expected from all we know of Brisbane. At the public meeting which was held this week to start the proposal there was a miserably small attendance, but that did not dishearten the promoters a bit. As one of the speakers remarked with a candour that was quite refreshing, "Small though they were in numbers lie thought they were sufficient in weight and influence to give a. pretty impressive hint-a hint that should be sufficient to any good Administration to begin a good work." We do not for a moment doubt it. The people of Brisbane are past masters in the art of conveying " impressive hints " to the Government that they must grant whatever they choose to demand from the public purse. Considered solely on its merits there is not a ghost of a reason why this impudent request should be granted ; but considered with a due regard to the " pretty impressive hints " with which the little band of "weight and influence" in Brisbane can accompany such petitions there are very good grounds for believing it will bu complied with. One of thc speakers appeared to have just a glimmer of a notion that what was good for Brisbane might be good for other places. " If Rockhampton and Townsville," he said, "called out for libraries let them have libraries too, but first of nil n start ought to be mode here." It ¡6 a pity this faint ray of light was not a little brighter, for then this gentleman might liave perceived llmt if . Rockhampton and Towns- ville got free libraries, Toowoomba and Ipswich, Maryborough Longreach, Mackay and Normanton would be very likely to ask them also. Ho it would come to free libraries all round. Hutt is quite an intelligible proposition, but whether it would be a prudent one is quite another question, One tiling alone is clear. We are all on the same plane at presen;. Every town of any size in the colony lias its public library, which is not free, but is subsidised by the Government. Brisbane gets no more nud no less thau auy of the others. Kow it is asked that this uniformity should be broken, not that some particularly needy or weak little community should receive special help but that the fat pitó should be greased. This same pig has" been greased already to no small tune in matters of a somewhat nnalagous kind. The Brisbane Agricultural Society, which masquerades under the name of thc Queensland National Association, received ti loan of £:!0,000 from the Government to erect stands and build- iugs. In- terest and redemption were to be duly paid, but not a penny has thc Government ever received under either one head or the other. Notwithstand- ing this, the Society obtains a spcaial annual grant from the Government which is not extended to any other agri- cultural society in the colony. The Bris- bane Hospital is singled out for special | treatment in the same way. Now thc : Brisbane library is to bc similarly ! endowed. Tho speakers wow in no | way mealy mouthed as to whnt they \ wanted. Ono gentleman said. " lt | jliould not bc done in a miserable hulf-i hearted way, but on a good scale. ] , . . . Tho Government should j stnrt the library with a decent vote, i Ivcep it going with a decent vote, md provide a decent building for , X," 1 The ostensible reason why this attack on the public purse should bs made at thc present time vas that the library of the kt« Mr. Justice Harding is for sale, and the speakers were all agreed that it would fonn an admirable nucleus for this free library. " Unless the Government did something this session the opportunity of securing the splendid library of the late Mr. Justice Harding would be gone/' The speaker who made this remark said there was not a single law book in this library. The books belonged to general literature in many fields, they were all of "the highest description, and of the best ((Utility, selected iu thc most careful manner.'' The library must have cost in this speaker's opinion £2000, .ind lie believed it could bc purchased for £¡")00. A huge bargain if we look only at the money cost of the books, without taking any heed nf the fact that the library was selected by a gentleman of the wide reading and tine literary judgment of the late Judge. Yet rare though thc bargain is the Government is to be asked to pay for it ! One of the speakers remarked on the wealth of Brisbane, but seemingly no one thought of apply- ing to this wealth to secure such a bargain for the city. No single wealthy man stepped forward ; no one sug- gested that the £500 should be raised by private subscription and tho books presented to thc School of Arts library. No, the sole thought in all this gather- ing of men of " weight and influence " wus to get the Government to buy this thing for them. 