SPORTING.. BT ' AUGUR'S GHOST,'' A meeting of the Narandera Tnrf Club* will he held to-day at noon. Warn Races take place ou Monday next,, 18th inst., when a good bill of fare will be discussed. The Cootamnndra Tnrf Club Races take place on Wednesday and Thursday next.. The Coo ta Cud should result thus — M.L.A. ? 1 Cadet or Annadour ... 2 Silver Rose ... ... 3 The Town Plate should lie between M.L.A.,. Cadet, Annadour and Ready Money. Mes senger should account for the Hurdle Race, with Raillery handy. The Darlington 'Point Jockey Club hold: their annual race meeting on Saturday' March 16. See advt. elsewhere. The condition of Harry Graham, the crick-, eter; who was supposed to be Buffering from, typhoid fever, was a little better vesterday. His temporature is repoited to be low.'. One of the best known sportsmen and: owner of racehorses in the Hay district, had; a good win at Murrumburrah last week, winning about £409. He put bis boy xxp-, and punted on Red Rose and Dora, the two races they won. The owner of Red Rose was had up to. explain the running on the first day of Red Rose, and tbe stewards disqualified, thehorse; ridor and owner for six months. Mr Hongh has appealed to the A.J.C. against the -decision. ViUiers, by Malua— Peri, whom Mr J. J. Baylis purohased last year from Tyson Bros., for stud purposes, has been disposed of again, to Mr Hill, of Woolongough, near Wyalong.. Villiers who bas only served about a dozen, mares, has been in a good river paddock. He looked when I saw him three weeks ago, alright, having thrown off all signs of lame ness, and, as I believe it is the intention, of his ' new owner to race him again, it. should not be long before be pud for bim sclf. The sale price was £39, at which, figure he ought to be a bargain. A booth holder at the Murrumburrah- . races was done in for his first day's takings, by the light-fingered gentry. J5, with 9.6 in the saddle, made hacks of the fields opposed to him in tbe Geelong Cup, and 'broke tbe hearts' 'of those, opposed to him, by running the last six furlongs in lmin 15$secs. The safe arrival of Utter at San Francisco is, announced. It will be remembered that Mr H. Oxenham disposed of her a few months ago for £400. A syndioate was being formed in London to purchase Carbine, when be was purchased by the Duke of Portland, and as Mr S. Hordern is reported as saying be would have given 15,000gns, it in-more than likely that this famous son ef Mersey would have brought olose on £30-,00fr ere Mr A. Yuille knocked him down. Mr K. J. Cummings' b h Sunshower, well known in thia district, bas taken up his quarters in Melbourne, under the watchful ' eye of Ted Davis, and when he has got the 'RoBeleaf ' polish on will be heard of,. Eady, the brilliant Tasmanian bat, who put up a century in each innings against the Vies., is to be brought over to Melbourne to. practice, so that the selectors of tbe next, test matoh, may have a personal knowledge of his form. ? ''i ,: The Sunrise horse, Horison,~won the prin cipal event, the City Handicap, at the New England Jockey dnb races on Wednesday. ' (Vnon and trainers wilt please bearing mind that nominations for the prinoipal events, in connection with the Gundagai Baaing Club's Annual meeting, olose at 9 p.m. onth?130i. ' Selim, who hu a good show in the New market, haB.again changed hands, his new: owner being Mr Skinner, the owner of Sain foin who won the. '93 Caulfield Cup. Solim is trained by ike.Oarilake, Bob Thomas, of tbe Royal Hotel, reports good biz on the Newmarket and Australian Cup, botb.in doubles and straight but. Those wbo have- fancies should breast the' tape at caps so as to.seopry symedf the 'gobdestof good;goods.;-- ' 