(Sleeping Scandals. No. I.—SYNNOT v. SYNNOT. WAS PERJURY COMMITTED? If there is one characteristic that stands out more prominently than any other in the people of Victoria, it is their stupid apathy amidst the constant covering up of crime and corruption : the squelching of investigation into the conduct of influential wrongdoers and the general smothering up of things in high places which would stink strongly if stirred up. The CHAMPION is not going to worry itself and weary its readers by trying to diagnose the disease from which public opinion is suffering. It will do something more practical. It will take a big stick of its own, long enough to reach far back into the past and strong enough to probe the density of things, and it will stir up several sleeping scandals that are prematurely dead, in the hope of making their gibbering ghosts such a nuisance that the authorities will be moved to take steps to have them well and truly laid. It is now nearly three months since the sensational divorce case of Synnot v. Synnot came before the Courts. The man Synnot in his effort to obtain a decree, permitted, to use a mild term, his wife to be accused of having lived with her daughter in a Carlton brothel, where she was alleged to have led a grossly immoral life. No viler charge could be brought against a mother; no efforts were spared in the attempt to prove it. In the early stages of the case Purves stated that " he had the evidence of 14 witnesses who would absolutely recognise the lady as being a woman of bad fame and character." Twelve of these witnesses got into the box, viz., Constable COFFEY, Constable COGHLAN, Constable QUILTV, MARY ANN BENJAMIN, MARGARET TOBIN, JACKSON BRIGGS, W. H. HALLIGAN, HELEN LINDSAY, EDWARD LIND- SAY (lawyer's clerk), BEATRICE BARNARD, JOHN TURNER, and THOMAS O KEEFE, ex-constable of police. All these persons swore more or less positively to the identity of Mrs. Synnot, the police constables—men trained in the importance of exactitude and caution—most positively of the lot. Yet, at a touch, the whole fabric of falsehood or crass folly, whichever it was, toppled down: covered counsel with confusion : roused the presiding judge to indignant wrath : and evoked noisy angry leading articles from the Press throughout the country. But what followed ? Did the Crown Law authorities interpret the public indignation as a mandate to sift the case to its muddy bottom ? Did they seek for evidence of conspiracy and perjury ? Did the Chief Commissioner of Police consider that the conduct of his constables called for enquiry ? Did the public or the press or anything that is ask these questions ? The CHAMPION has sought diligently, and can find nothing except a deep solemn SILENCE. Afterone day's sensational demonstration the case apparently fell flop with a muffled splash into the murky motionless waters of Oblivion. From which this paper has been foolish enough to take the trouble to fish it out. Now the CHAMPION knows that " long arm of coincidence " accounts for many strange things. It is even possible for it to satisfactorily explain away this evil-smelling case as one merely of mistaken identity. But the chances are all in favour of a less innocent explanation. It is much more likely that some of the dozen witnesses were deliberate liars of whom the others were the stupid dupes. These are the possibilities that the Crown Law Authorities should carefully analyse. As regards the police constables, they stand condemned whatever may have been the motives of their evidence. If falsehood, they are liars, perjurers and vile criminals; if folly, they are stupid, blundering asses, and a menace to the honest. These are the considerations that should stir the Chief Commissioner of Police to action. If these really dangerous members of the Force actually mistook two other persons for Mrs. Synnot and her daughter, they should be able to produce those two other persons. In some manner or other they should justify their extraordinary evidence or take the extreme consequences. Will the Government insist upon a thorough and exhaustive investigation of the whole hideous business ? 