JVIOLLY RILEY. AN OLD FRIEND IN NEW ATTIRE. | Ifc came like an impassioned serenade, in J Dq; mzs Il3 v\^’ _.,' moi-ley Ri-i-ley, I lo-ove yon-ii,’-' Tell me Mol-ley Ri-iev does yonr heart beat ilar-ry me,my dar-ling, I’ll die if you say no, And my g'no3i will come and haunt yon, Mol-ley Riley. The swinging waltz refrain of the sons Vas insinuatingly sweet. It clnng to the memory like the smoke of incense to a garment. Be sides, one had heard it so often before. One heard the newspaper hoy humming it at the top of Bourko street:— “Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-Iey-Herald, sir? ’Ere y’are, sir—yes, sir, fift’ ’dishun, thank yer sir ; (piano) I lo-oye yew, Tell me Mol-ley Ri- (forte) Herald ! Eift’ 'dishun; (piano) Tell we Mol-ley Riley does ye3 ’art-:ere, sir, I’m the bi yer al’ways gets yer ’erald from, not 'im ; right y’arc, sir; (piano) Mar- ry me, my dar-lin’ ”—and so Then everybody one met would persist in chanting Molly Riley. The milkman hummed it, so did the butcher, so did the housemaid as she washed ths doorsteps, so did the policeman on his beat, so did the sub-editor as lie dashed bi3 merciless blue pencil through your choicest paragraphs; so did the compositor who set up the mangled remains of what you knew to be almost classic litera ture. It is supposed that the very judges on the Ranch have caught the infection and have hummed Molly Riley as they turned over the worm- eaten pages of ctif-bonnd expensive tediousness they are pleased to call I don’t know how long I had been sitting on'that seat in the gardens when I saw two figures coming towards me through the gloom. One was the figure of a youth, the other that of a girl. The youth was dressed in a dark blue satin bicycle suit and had bright golden hair, and oh 1 such a figure ! such grace ! such suppleness ! snch elegance of limb and carriage of head ! I think 1 had seen the comely youth before, at a certain pantomime I wot of. He kissed the girl under a cum tree—I couldn’t help knowing he did it, though I turned my head awav— and as he left her the las3 tripped towards me. Somehow I knew that she was Molly As she gave me an arch, saucy look, I feit justified in addressing her. “Mib3 Riley, I presume,” said I. “Miss Molly Riley.1’ . “The same, sir,” she replied; dropping tne a curtsey. “ I have heard a great deal about you, my dear,” I added. “Oh, I dare say you have. I am pretty well known all over the British Empire, I believe.” ' Dear.me ; you don’t say so.” “ Oh yes. 1 am the heroine of the song of tiie'day, you know. At this very time l am being sung about on hundreds-of stages in theatres in England and Ireland, and the British oolomes. Oh, I can tell you, they all' know Molly Riley. I believe I am as well known as Queen Victoria. I pride myself on being the idol of an Empire. You arc surprised, but you hare but a poor concep tion, I fear of the popularity of a song that catches od. V hy, I'll be boand that if you were in London at this very moment you would hear the little boys in the street sing ing,,11 My ghost will command haunt you, Molly Riley.” You. would hear the Barne in Dublin, in Cork, in Manchester, in Edin burgh, in Glasgow, in Liverpool, in Birming ham;—just a3 you hear them singing the song in the streets of Melbourne, and in Sydney. I tell you, Sir, that Molly Riley is a great character—an universally diffused .per sonality.” “I should like to know more about you, Miss ^ Molly Riley, and where were you “ Ah, that’s another story. Let me whisper in . your ear.” She put her dainty lips near to me, so that I could taste the sweetness of her breath. “ I never die 1” “What !" “Listen 1-Do yon remember.the seng of Daisy that used to he sung last year ?” Did I remember Daisy! I hummed the air to her :— ‘‘Daisy, Daisy, give me yonr answer true, I’m half crazy all tor the love of you. It won’t lie a stylish marriage ; I can’t afford a carriage. But you’ll look sweet, On the seat, Of a bicycle built for two.” Molly clapped her hands with glee. “ I am glad that yon remember me in that form,” she said. She caught 107 look of amazement, and explained herself. “The truth is,” she said, “ that I change my form once a year, at least; sometimes more often. I find that the people get tired of me after a time.” “ Madame,” I said, “ I don’t believe I could ever got tired of you. You are altogether charming.” “ Thank you ; but you see, my Empire is so large, so, in order to hold my sway, knowing the fickleness of the great public, I change my form, my name and ray tuiio frequently, i was Daisy last year, a year or two ago I was known everywhere the English language is sang and spoken as Annie Rooney. Do you remember me in that form ? Shall I sing yon the refrain ?” “ Oh, please do.” She burst into silvery song, “ She’s my sweetheart, I’m her Jo ! She’s my Annie, I’m her beau, Soon we’ll .marry, never to part, Eor little Annie Rooney is my sweetheart!” “Ah,’ said 1, “ I recognise you again—of course I do. The badneBS of yonr English and the strained nature of your rhyme is un mistakable. But how many changes yoa must go through 1” “ 5Tes, I reincarnate about once a year. As Eoao as I find the people getting tired of me in one form, I put it away, dress up afresh, turn on a fresh tune, and again conquer all hearts. A short time ago there wsea rage for coster songs, so I put on a big iiafc with a gaudy feather, and sallied forth as ’Lira. Do yon remember ’Lira? Her chorus was like this:—■ On, ’Liza, dear ’Liza, If yer die an old maid yer ’ave only yerself to blime, Oh, ’Liza, dear ’Liza, ?0w d’yer fancy ’awkins for yer other' Before I was ’Liza I was Sweet Katie Connor, before that I was the Maid of the Mill, years ago I was Sweet Belle Mahoce.” “ But stop a minute. If I remember rightly, both the Maid of ths Mill and Bello Mahone died. How can yoa have been a corpse “ Ah, that’s one of my little tricks. ITon see, the public is sometimes afflicted with^ amatory morbidness, and likes a love song with a post-mortem tinge. When that is* so. I adopt a nice tune and pretsnd to be dead. Of course, it is only my fun. I come up smiling again next year in another shape, to a waltz refrain, and a flavor of kissing' about my verses, and so I win my way again into popularity.” “Dear me, all this is very interesting;,. LMiss JiilejE^.or Rooney, or UaEliCsfroirDaiap-^ I or Mahone, 6'r whatever your real name is.” She laughed heartily. “But can yoa tell me what name and tune yon will adopt next year? I should like to know in ad vance, you know.” “What about copyright?” she said, with a business air. “ Oh no, I’m afraid I can’t 1 do that unless you promise you will never reveal a note of it.” I “1 promise, on my honor.” “ Then I’ll sing you a verso of the song L am preparing for myself and which every body will know in a few months.” She tuned up her voice, shook her skirts for a dance and commenced to Bing—it was awfully sweet and winBome—when, sud— j denly‘^1 felt a heavy hand on my shoulder, and a grufi voice in my ear. I rubbed my eyes, and, looking up, found a policeman standing over me. I was very cold. It was past midnight. I suppose I must have been asleep and dreaming. Molly Riley was nowhere to besaen. 