Shronded in Mystery OR, Which CM Did He Marry t By Skipp Borlase, Author of ' Fob True Love'6 Bake,' 41 Thbee Lovel* WoMi.Ni' ' Dabkeb Than Death,' ' An Ocean Secret,' ' Brgallbdto Life,' ' Riches to Both,' 'Who Killed John Cubbeon ?' 'The Police Mikigter,' Ktc. CHAPTER XXIV, DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND — HALOAMUS QBEEITWOOD PHOVBS EKTEBTA1KING. Mischief Night, to which the watchman hat) made such pointed reference, was tbe udu&I; saturnalia of the Lord of Misrule, whereupon fcroopB of boys and men decorated themselves with ribbons and Jong streamers of parti -colored paper, armed themselves with wooden swords, and wentabout dancing, drinking, end frolicking to tlicir heart's content. Sometimes these frolics took the shape of remarkably rough horseplay, and if anyone in the town had made himself especially obnoxious this was the occasion oil which ? no means would be left untried to serve him ?at. m For such an individual, male or female, to tie torn out of his or her bed and placcd in the stocks, there to be pelted with decayed fruit and rotten eggs, was nothing unusual, and the mob had more than once had m coursc to the ducking stool, bound the black sheep therein, and half drowned it in the Boach ; for a ducking stool was then one of «our established institutions, and. the slump thereof still remains in the bed of the river within a few yards of the abutting wall in Smith-street, It kept wives ia most ex cellent control. Mr Radcliffe wag not at all elated by the kindly hint which he had received, for he in a dim and confused kind of way guessed what it meant, namely, that the townsfolk bad got to suBpect that the dead girl who lay at Limbo was his daughter, and that she . had drowned herself bccause he had refuse^ to forgive her or allow her to enter ber childhood's home. That they shonld think far worse of him than even this never for a moment struck him, and Mrs Radcliffe didn't seem to suspect anything, and in point of fact did not. 'When they arrived home Mr lladcliffe made a most excellent dinner, and thereafter, over his brandy and his pipe, he forgot all about Mischief Night, and that a possibility existed of his being made its chief butt. Over tht first glass, it is true, he looked as grave as any owl, but he grew perfectly complacent when half way through the second, and while sipping the third ho occasionally chuckled to himself, for an idea had by then taken root in his mind that ho had discovered an effectual way ot check mating Halcamui Greenwood. So impressed was he thereby that, with a regretful sigh, he put the stopper into his decanter, and went straight away to his study, where he opened his desk, took out a sheet of foolscap paper eat down, stared at it blankly for a, few minutes, and then rapidly wrote down thereon ns follows The Wood, Eochdale, Lancashire, 10th April, 1715. If Halcamus Greenwood, confess that 1 married Ruth, the daughter of John Rad diffe, Esq., under the assumed name of Algeron de Tracy, that with the most vile and infamouB design I treated her with Bavage brutality, in order to drive her to desert me asd shun me ever after, and that then I carried that design into effect by representing that she had left me in order to bigamously intermarry with Sir Harry Howarth, of Clcgg Hall, in order that I might extort money from her father, the said John Radcliffe, for the keeping of such i transactions secret. But I hereby avow and ! declare that my said wife is in Scotland, biding from the law and from her friends, coder the impression that 1 died by mis adventure, hut proclaiming her as my mur deress, and in fear of the consequences thereof ; and I call upon the Almighty to strike me ^ dead if the wife of Sir Harry Howarth is not the twin sifter of ber whom - I fraudulently married as aforesaid, all of .which I am driven to confess, and do confess/ because the said John EadcJiffe has convinced me that he is able to imprison and transport me for prior crimes and offences if I refused. Signed (here was left a blank for his I signature). I A more clumsy confession, or one better , calculated to defeat its object, could not, I well have been drawn up ; but Mr Radcliffc | was vory proud of it, and after reading it over twice, and grinning at its supposed per* lection, he loeked it away in his desk against such time as it should be wanted, and then returning to the dining room, he took ample toll from the brandy bottle, so as to atone for his somewhat lengthy desertion thereof. When tea time came round, however, he drank several strong cape in order to rake his somewhat wandering wits together again, and, having devoured six rounds of hot buttered toast to keep them company, he waited the arrival of his visitor in a state of calm resignation and conscious superi ority. Halcamns Greenwood did sot keep him waiting, for, as a rule, creditors are a deal more punctual in their calls than debtors. He did not insist upon entering the1 draw ing room this time, however, but com placently followed the servant to the study, as amiable and obliging as folks who think they are on the point of receiving a thou sand pounds usually arc. He was dressed as befitted the occasion, and wore a daffodil in his button hole, and gloves of the same color upon his hands. He smoked a prime cigar, too, and was gracious enough to chuck his conductress under the chin, and to reward hT with a kiss ere he suffered her to depart in order to announce that he was there. But Mr Radcliffe presently entered the room, looking a great deal more like one who came to demand money than to nav it, and, having locked the door behind him, lie tnrnrd upon Halcamus with — ' Well, you have tried to sit on two stoolp, and, as people generally do who make such an attempt, yon have fallen )-?tweea them. To be plain, you have tried to intimidate uiy daughter ae well as myBclf. and consequently I have resolved that you shall leave tins house just ae you have entered it— empty- handed.' ' No, no ,' laughed Halcamns Greenwood. ' Ton are as much out in your conclusionG as you are inaccurate in your comparisons. Instead of attempting to fit upon two st-oote I have merely been testing the relative strength of two locks, aud have discovered that the old one will be easier to pick than the new.' 'By which you mean, 1 suppose, that you think jt will be easier to rob me than my daughter ?' ' 1 think that a husband will mak' f-»wr sacrifices forau unworthy wife than a j«ari'ni will for an unworthy child. You see, a fellow can console himself with a fresh wife, and only pity and sympathy would fall to the deceived husband's share, but the child's disgrace would be shared by th* parents who joined in the conspiracy to foist her off ap another person. 1 raav not be vary lucid in my explanations, but 1 fancy that you will comprehend them.' ' You infernal scoundrel, there was no conspiracy. Neither Mrs Radcliffe nor my self had the faintest—' ' Idea of the change, you would say ? Just so, I was merely hinting as to what the world would 6ay and think.' ' Hang the world I ' 'I've no objection, but the world would be a deal more likely to hang you— at the very least in effigy,' ' Tou mocking devil, what guarantee have I if I pay you the thousand pounds that you demand that you will not still persecute my child, and make the existence yon have already blasted a continuous and never ending hell upon earth to ber ? It seems to me that you have already commenced to do ' I thought that I'd juet esplain to you that I'd left off in that pretty little simile of the two lockB.' j 'How can I depend on what you say 1 j tell yon again that I won't give you a single j penny.' 'If yon give a single penny lew than ! « thousand pounds. I'll mavb«» drivf 1 onr j daughter to the dfjat.h of a suicide, though . not nntil some time after I've hanged you.' ( ' Hang me ? How could you ha^g me ? i Oome, the explanation will be mightily en tertaifting.' | ' Then, being an amiable and obliging fellow, I'll ent'Tlain you to the very top of your bent. Rochdale already believes that the poor girl who was fi«bod up out- of the river last, night is your absent daughter. It was your own most fcntisual and intenBC agitation thatfinit set the notion going, and the general Idea seems to bo that she came home :Hke tho prodigal son on the eve of her sister's wedding, and that to avoid the disgrace of re-admitting such a black sheep into your very select fold, an act which you may have thought might induce the much desired bridegroom for the other girl tti try off, even at the eleventh bout, you— weli, gave her to the bed or the river instead of the bed in your spare room. Am I suffi ciently entertaining?' ' Yes, you even compel my laughter, be cause all that you have stated could be so easily disproved,' ' If I remained silent, voa. But what if I were to come forward and declare that I followed my runaway wife as soon as ever 1 wm able— traced her to Rochdale — arrived in time to sec the murder committed from, say, the opposite side of the stream ? (re member, it was a bright moonlight night that before the wedding), and swore that the corpse was hers by the dress it is clothed in, for tbe pattern of that is still recognis able. Where, then, would be your chances of escaping the hangman? is my explanation still entertaining f' ' Why, you fool, you would just be killing the goose lhat is laying you the 'golden cgBV' ' Say, rather, the silly bird who is goose enough to refuse to lay the golden *g£s. 1 like exactness.' ' Anyhow all chanccot getting any golden eggs would be dufelrovcd by so bloodthirsty and insane a blunder.' ' I m not so sure of that, 1 might find out afterwards that I had made a mistake ; after you were hanged, you know, and then I should still have Lady Howarth to fall back ob, and in general young chicks lay belter than old fowls. If, on the other hand, she came forward to save you, the scandal would be as bad a one as ever, in fact, aU the circumstances combined would waft it over the- kingdom and very probably beyond it.' ' Come Halcamus, 1 bow to the storm that 1 can't resist;. Bring your entertainment to a close and I'll pay you a thousand pounds as the price ol it on vour just signing a JittJe paper. Here it is.*' Greenwood glanced over the document and promised with a Btnilc that, the money once paid, he'd sign it. CHAPTER XXV. MISCHIEF NIGHT AND MISCHIEF MEANT— THE MOB IN THE WOOD. Hr Radcliffe then paid him the amount, and Halcamus Greenwood affixed his signa ture to the confession, aB we may call it, for though he was armed with a pistol, just as on 1ub previous visit, he gueBCd by the way in which old John suddenly dived Mb right hand into his coat pocket that he too had one|which could he quicker presented'thau bis own, and that consequently he waB not a man to be braved with impunity. He took comfort, however, by thinking to himself, Tbe old bloke'calie me her husband, at all eventB, and the very fact that he brought so much pressure to bear to force me to sigQ such a paper shows that there was grave reason for getting me to do so. By George, its production would tell more against than in favor of him or hisdaugbter, as I'll let him know when it's convenient and safe to do so. One thing is certain, it shall not stop my bleeding liim or her din ctly a need arises for my doing bo.' Meanwhile Mr Radcliffe locked up the document in the dfifk, prekete-.i the key, and then observed with a chuckle, 'We'll, my tine gentleman, I've drawn your teeth now, and i hope jon clearly pereeivc that that confiB.»ioa of yours deprives yon of all chance of ever being able to swindle me out of any more money, as well as that hence forth the slightest annoyance that you may dare to offer to Lady Howarth or Sir Harry will entail the most certain and unpleasant consequences to yourself. You may go now. You are warned.' ' Then farewell, Mr Radcliffc. I bid yon gool-bye for at least a year. Then I may look in on you again.' 41 Eh. what, you would dare to do so — after— after what I've just forced you to sign — eh— eh — eh ?' ' Well, I'll take a lawyer's opinion on the matter first, perhaps ; I can afford to do it now, you know.' And with a mocking smile playing about his lips Halcamus Greenwood bowed him self out of his f irmer master's presence, who was 60 astonished at his last utterance that he 6tooJ staring at him opm-mouthed until he had wholly disappeared, and then re turned to the dining-room, muttering ae he ! went. ' I wondir if I'm as clcver as I thought I was f He who sups with the devil needs a long spoon, and if that scoundrel Halcamus isn't the devil, he's at all events sharp and malicious enough to be one of hiB blackest imps. Confound it, I must seek inspiration from the brandy bottle again.' He proceeded at once to do so, but some- | how it wouldn't come, and within an hour a i frcBh cause of alarm presented itself to him in the shape of a wild swell of voices and i music that seemed to be approaching The j Wood from the direction of the New Bridge, causing him to suddenly recollect the fact that 'twas Mischief Night, and that some very ugly suspicions were afloat in the town concerning hioieelf. His growing fears were not without a very polid foundation, for a scandal once started grows apace, and the two old women who had laid out the corpse of tbe fi6h and flood mutilated young girl, with the R.R. worked upon her under raiment, had told everybody of the distress an I notation which Mr Rad cliffe had betrayed upon the occasion, and of his pallid eagerness to learn whether there was anything about the bolv by which it could be recognised or identified. These coming from a man who had never before been known to exhibit any emotions but thoBe of rage and greed, and taken in con duction with the conduct of one of hie daughters who owne i these initials, and the groat probability 1 hat it was she who had returned so ravsteriously to Rochdale, asked tbe drover on the Butts if the Wishing Steps were crossable.and a little later had been 6Cen passing over the bridge that would lead h«T direct to The Wood by the watchman stationed there, who was Bure that she had never returned as sho w,nt. while sh' se-mcd to have left her hat and veil floating on the purface of the stream in mute testimony that, she Jay beneath it, worn circurustanccs quit* supicions enoueh to indicate her father as her murlepjr, more especially when everyone knew that intense pri was one of his be n-Miing sins, and a perfectly tmcontroable temner another. There were many who recollected now that a score of years previously he had beaten a bov to deat-h whom he had caught fitting snares for pnlecate in The Woo'!, or at all i-v- nts Vatcu him so severely ihat he had die I from the eff -ets of thuc-vtigation ; and though i he F'a;. er had gone almost mad with resrri't. and had testified it bv maintaining the la;l*K molbir, who was a widow, incase and comfort until the day of her death, th-'B-: n' I'^min^ traits ou his part were not renuMub' i''il at snch a time, as redeendng T!i-' inifchh'f raakerR had not contim plau-il suiy gr-'at. amount of bam to Mr il a {cliff-1, or in his residence, when thev I tirst C'Itumk need their pranks, but drrssed in piper and ribband streamers, and some of jhetn in the skin? of oxen and sheep, and led on bv a eharactar called Tosspot, in a biack bnl.V hide, with its faco covering hi* ftwn, and its horns rising erect from his head. ! th°y had C3ul/-n1e«l themselves with such mildly innoc nt diversions as turning sign- , hoards upside down, knocking at doors, I kiesing women, and if any imprudent wight j grew angry at hie sweetheart being kissel, i or nt. recdricg a blow across the legs or arms j himself froya the wooden pwordofone of the I revellers, tossing him in a blanket ; and of | coursi- many wv.re provoked to passion from ] the very fun of so tossing thorn. I At last, however, these mild excitements ' nepau pall upon the palate, and the im mense quantities of liquor which thev had by this lirac lu eu treated to hail made Toss pot and hi« followers ripe for almost any outrage, while the crowd was right willing to back them up. So. wh-:n someone e« Mealy shouted, '? What d v,. e;,v. |;l,JSr to Koiatr an 1 ma',-in~ old lladclilf- confess wlnther he's committed another ».ni:r ].^r os. nn the proposition waB bailed v.-.t', -h- Jnndes! aeelaim, and tho ™2s1 jwif Ti.UK shouts of - To The Wood !' ' To 1 he Woo 3 ' Tosh the old villain in a blanket until h°. kite t be cat out of thy bag 1' and firt on. while one or two even added, '?And l»it v:s Juvj) # g/-od bonfire if the fr-ea will bum 7' so that tUere was every probi bility il, m t )] is would be a Mischief Night of Mischief Nichis. and one each jw Rochdale Lad n«ver before known. Old John feared so too when he heard the footsteps and the voices of the ' onward surging crowd, and caught tho gleam of torchcs between the tree trunks as they approached the entrance gate to the gronnds, lie now knew that they could bo coming nowhere else but there, and the knowledge was by no means a comforting pne* ' Wife,' said he, ' dpnt be frightened, hut I believe Toaaptit fctad bis fellows are about to ply tb t Visit. It's Mischief Night, yon knbw, and if they don't mean mischiefs then I'll be hanged.' He waB far more likely to be hanged if they did than if they didn't, for there were many trees in his gronnds quite strong enough to bear such a weight even at his sixteen stone through it was, and the fast approaching mob seemed just as likely to be led by a Judge Lynch as by a were Tosspot. As this suddenly Glutted to Mm, tor the watchman* Vrarntag seeteed mtich more pregnant of evil now than It bad been when uttered at midday, Mr Badcllfte mattered half aloud, 'JHafcatiius Green frodd is at tbe bottom ol this, Doubtless he hopes to burn his confession by burning the casket that contains it, or, in other woWs, this bouse, with, perhaps, yo.u and I inside. Now, wife, don't be alarmed 1 Lord have mercy upon us. I'm calm, and so why can't vou be? What on earth's to be done.'l wonder 7' ' The houfee can come to no barm, John, for 1 bung an egg last Ascension Day in tbe roof, and everyone knows that that preserves any matter of building from fire and flood, from lightning, wind, and tempest, and ae the house is safe en those who remain inside it will also be safe, t should fancy.' This from Mrs It* .cliffe, but her cldted spouse at onae made anfewet — *' I tell you not to be frightened. Take pattern by me and don't even get excited. Oh, Lord, I've no faith whatever in eggs, or in any other spells. Bars, bolts, and a well-mounted blunderbuss loaded with swan shot, with a resolute face and loud voice behind it, are worth all the charms in the world. Oh, dear, ob dear, what is going to becomc of us ? Now, wife, not a whimjter, but sec at onoc to the locking of doors and barring of windows, and I'll see to the blunderbuss.' Mrs Radcliffc did as she was bidden, and old John bolted upstairs and into the room which was over the porch, where be took the blunderbuss down from above the mantel-Bhclf and commenced to load it. By this time Tosspot and his band had entered the grounds, shouting, screaming, and bnasahing at the top of their voice', while some increased the din by striking their saucepan ? lid shields with their wooden swords, while those who were dressed in sheepskins baa-cd with all their might, and those enveloped in cowhides moo-ed a hoarse accompaniment. It was like a saturnalia of fiends, and Tosspot, wbo was a gigantic fellow, looked like a veritable black bull walking along on its hinder legs. The light of the torches shed a lurid glow over the scene, showing in addition the great tOBsing-blanket borne on poles, a hastily made-up ghost to represent that of tho presumably murdered girl, whose com* ponent parts were a turnip lantern with a lighted candle inside, topped by a black hat and veil, and a horse's tail streaming down behind it by way of hair, fixed in tbe centrc by a wooden hay-rakc, which two immense sheets, pinned together, flowed down to the ground, wholly concealing the man wbo walked inside them grasping the rake handle. Tho aspect of the 'ghost ' explained more to Mr fladcliffft than did everything else combined, and from the moment of casting hiB eyes upon it he began to dread the Besides, if the masquers and the crowd which he could now perceive was following them in the r?ar were really benton violence, no rescue from anv quarter was to be hoped for, since the few old watchmen would be uLtcrl*' powerless to cope with such numbers, and Summer Castle was quite empty of soldiers As these convictions occurred to him he put his blunderbuss out of sight, fancvlng that, it would be wiser to try milder measures tirst. His next notion was to fill his pockets with all the roonev be could scrape together, in order to throw it out of the window to be scrambled for. It might put the masquers into a good temper, he thonght. Well, in another minute they were there, and the money was scrambled ifor, and when it had all been picked up tbey shouted out to him to throw them some bottles ot wines and spirits. But when this demand had also been ootnr plied with the masquers seemed to be ae far removed from good temper as ever, for they then pommpneed to hoot him, and the ghost bearir elongated the horrid effigy to tbe height of at least eight feet, and squeaked out in a burlesque imitation of a female voice— 'Do you know who I am 7 Please father, I am come home.' and then ia a shriller tone. ' Oh, don't push me backward into the river, don't murder me— pray don't ! ' Then, before Mr Radcliffe could make any kind of reply, scores of voices screamed, II But he did drown her, he did murder her,' and then still more shouted, ' To the river -with him,' and others yelled in re* eponeej ' Drowning's too good for him. A rope and a branch, that's what be deserves, that's what we'll give him too.' 41 1 don't, know what you refer to, friends,' called back John Radcliffe, as soon as there was any chance of making his voice heard. ' J're not drowned nor murdered anybody, what do you mean bv all this ? ' 14 Yon drowned your own daughter rather than she shonld disgrace your other and your grand son-in-law, or perhaps lest her return should prevent his ever becoming one. Yon didn't suspect that her linen was ? marked with the letters of her name did vou? aud a prccious fright you were in when told that it was. Lots of folks can Bpcak to that. But we're going to give you a much bigger fright now, and it'll be your last.' It was Tosspot wbo roared this out in as deep a l-cllow as ever could have been given by the black boll whose hide he wore, and Sir Iiadcliff' was now fain to respond in almost supplicating tones— ,l You've no right to condemn me without trial. U iff barbarous, it is inhuman, it is un-English ! ' ' Shut up. Wc know what we're about ' fottjcooe called back at once, and another masquer added, with a laueh, ' If we can't, get the old lobster out of his shell we'll roast him inside it.' [TO UE COXTIKUBD NEXT WEDNESDAY.! 