THE BAMS OF 1 PPLI5G TIDE. A HABNTED BLIND. [By ' Vakdobeak.'I J 'I tell yon, the Bushman is braver than most men, Who ever in daylight doth go through the Ghost (J'en I' ' And is this the haunted island ?' ' Yes, ma'am. There's many as laughB at the tale,' eaid the boatman, ' but there's none knows more about it than I do. Man and bov I've lived in these parts nigh -10 years. I ' I am quite interested, said a lady, who was sitting in the stern of a boat, that, for the moment, drilled idly near' the shore of a dark, gloomy looking island. Bnt she was gaziug absently at the waters of the dark tide, rushing on ward to the sea, and could not be ex pected to feel much interest in the idle tales of a boatman. For the Hon. Mrs. II ? was a very great lady, travelling quietly with her maid ; and it pleased her wayward fancy to spend a few days on the Clarence River. She had visited the colony in her youth, and possibly had pleasant memories to recall, for she seemed lost in thonght. No longer young, the Hon. Mrs M ? was etiil a beautiful woman, with a paie clean-cut face, and dark glittering eyes, as black as night. Bnt her hair, coiled in thick masses round her shapely head, was as white as the driven snow. It was a soft, exquisite evening towards the end of April, many years ago, and tbe* sky wa; still pink with the rosy after-glow of sunset, though nnder the heavy shadow of the river banks, the water looked dark snd mysterious. About a mile distant lay the town of G ? , built on either side of the noble river, which sweeps onward, broad and majestic, with many a curve and bend, till it3 bright waters mingle with the restless sea. ' ' Fire-and-twenty years ago,' said the boatman, 'a travelling company was playing here. About Christmas time it was, and I reckon they had been playing here, off and on like, for near a month ; but, mark my words, ma'am, there ain't no good ever comes of play-acting,' and the garrulous old fellow shook his head solemnly. ? Pray get to the tale,' said the pas senger, 'it is getting cold and late.' And indeed she was shivering violently, and drew a fur clock more closely round her shoulders — the river mists are damp and chill. ' AVell, it was this way, ma'am. One of the actors had a quarrel with a gen tleman in the town about an actress in the company, a tall, slender young lady called Miss Violet Bartram. Great black eyes she had, and a fascinating kind of way with her, and plenty of gentleman were regular wild about her ? ' ' Never mind the actreBS, I want to hear about the island,' interrupted Mrs. M ? , impatiently. She looked cold and white, and probably felt intensely bored. ' I'm coming to it, ma'am, fast as I can,' said the boatman, who was deeply offended at having his tale cut short. ' Well, Miss Bartram were that wilful the end soon came. It 'pear3 she was engaged to this actor — a handsome gen tlemanly chap he was too — but she nearly drove him wild with her goings on. And one day they had a tiff, it. seems, so what must she do, just to worrit him like, but goes .out boating two or three evenings (for they didn't play every night) with a gent|eman her lover had a mortal dislike to. She i meant no harm.' ' Oh, how cold it gets ! Finish I quickly, please,' and Mrs. 51 ? j shuddered as if with ague, for the river-mist hung over the water like a fairy pall. And tbe soft pale light of an early moon — wan and faint — cast a feeble silvery gleam on the little ripples that tapped against the side of the boat ; one by one the stars shone out in tho clear heavens, while the lights of the distant town glittered and flickered through the.gatheringjhaze. And from the bend of the river came the clank, clank of a heavy chain, as the big cum bersome punt crossed and re- cross'ed the water, it's red lights gleaming through the mist like the blood- Bhot eyes of some fabled monster of old. ' 'Tis them as means no harm, sometimes does most,' said tho old boatman assuming the au of an oracle, ' On the night of Xmas j Eve, two men landed on this here island. At mid-night the sound of shots was heard and we guessed ss something was wrong — Well ma'am, the long and short of it was this : the actor Mr. Egerton, and the other gentleman had, settled their dispute — one was deaoM the other dying when me and some morggj men reached that little beach yonder^' ilii ' Yes, yes ! .And the dying man?^ijs[ 'Why, he just raved a bit aforej^ra died. Dreadful it was, too, to liear him$| and the old boatman sighed :h&v3ro;| 'Wait for me here,' he says. And -hWa keeps on calling, ' Violet, meet mebArwIS over and over again he says it. Anal time and again they see a phantom-boaM a-rowing up and down, just; as if lMil spirit can't get no rest, poor chap|jj9 Listen !' and, with a white, soared the boatman pointed to something thaw! moved through the river mist. Wiajjsl sound was that? The rustling tall reeds sighing on the frowning balij||i9 or the flutter , of a startled bird ovewfi head? Or was it the soft sob'pfr|ijji (Sudden gust' of' icy wind that Bweggs across the dark shores of the islanji^H More— more , than this. The nmfflej[g| sound of oars, dip, dip, dipping, in thSjS water ; the Bwish, swish of a bot$ ctMljB ing up against the . tide — nearer &njfflj; nearer. Merciful lieave^! aftersajSH these years !' aud with a white flraWffljj face, the dark-eyed lady stared wildly. «j|| something that moved under the sha&|jH of the river bank. H.'My God ! its Hits Bartram !' A||9 like a man in a dream, the boata^^H sat spell-bonnd. Faint and weird yj^J the wan moonlight, the shadow boat glided through the water, curious, rushing sound. An icy seemed to chill the very souls of thtj|^H who watched it. But the whits hung round the phantom boat lu^^H silvery cloud ; colder and colder the rushing wind, and the bending xe«H waved to and fro : while ever and aijjwW the sound of oars, as of one wlio puujU hard against the stream, sounded irhiJJjl distinct. But it seemed, as thonj®Q the tide swept it back, or the riYet-fijjjji hid it Irom view, for, in spite of jron labored dip of the oars, the shadowy phantom seemed to makejijM progress, but like a ghostly shade faintly in the dim light. ' He cannot come to me — but, -Ajl my love ! at last, at last — from the epMf of the earth — Jvaii, -wait ! ' — and wifif||j voice broken by fobs the living wOmSSs spoke to the spirit of the dead. StarjBa ing in the stern of the boat, her slenjun figure swayed as though about to jaggl as with ,arms outstretched she murmffl^ol fond words as though indeed she ga^22| on one long dead ! 'Rest, rest, and peace ? ' 41 throwing her arms above her head, wiU® one long shuddering sigh, the waanB j spirit left its earthly prison to keep.iHB tryst — for evermore ! And the waning, light of the om|9 | moon shone with a* mild radiance | pale, beautiful face of the dead Wom^H whose earthly pilgrimage had ceased S ever on the rippling tide so fraught wfflM haunting memories ' ~|9 