[?] Pony races at Kensington to-day. Horserncing will be resumed next Satur day at Canterbury Park. Coala won a hurdle rnce in New Zealand under llrf 71b. Playmate is to go to India, where ho should provo successful. Tridentson, a country performer, has gone into S. Fieldor'b stable. Oxide has a mortgage-on Place Handi caps. Three hare, gone down to him. Wallace may win the next Derby, but there are a few other colts to be con sidered. Highborn IL and Poor Dan are regarded by the lep-cbasors' owner -as a good win ning double. An offer of 200 guineas was recently re fused for the stallion Foul Shot, by Musket from Slander; Havoc is about the best horse at wJA. in tho colonies just now, but he doesn't stand out. boldly on top. If Nobleman learns to stay be will he a good one. His chance was the Boos Han dicap, andhe missed it. C. Parker had a real good innings at the Bandwick moeting— struck a little Mount Morgan Haul, so to speak. Next Tuesday another sale of racehorses .will be held. Ontario, .Alarm Bell, and others are to be offered. The reserve on Hopscotch was 1200gs,'a stiff price for a geld ttg, bat be is a hand some as well as % gcol oue. Moronoy is dealing out thunder to some of tho noviceB. Nov.ee runners are often "strong," and want' si ea. lying. Had 'James Gough bsan on Havoc in the A.J.C. Plato he would have not made such an early run, and might have finished better. Mr. Long apparently doesn't intend to pare with Patrona. If she is going to follow iu the family footsteps Bhe'll be worth keeping. Havoc, 9it 111b, and Bradford, 7st'91b, will ranresent W. B. Wilson in the Adelaide Cup, and tho latter looks to have a first- class chance. Patron and Patroness,- winners of the Melbourne and Sydney Cups respectively, will give Grand' Flaneur a lift to tho top of the winning sires list. Tho new athletic club in Cnstle-reagli- streot promises to bo a success Goorge Seals is one of tho leading spir.i is popular with tho member Baekors had a fair cIuia«." c.; o to repair their fortunes, and hj the same token tho " books " disgorged most of tho winnings on the other days. The boy on Fishwife in she Park Stakes at Mooreiield got his Whip entangled in the ' reins, and the trouble lie had in getting it out perhaps made a difference to the result. The Boyal Stakes and Birthday Cap will be a littlo double- that small punters will come at with a rush when the cards go up. It will be a harder one thuu Oxide . and Delaware. It was generally thought tiiaJBosSbauk would have no difficulty in d&posing; of Daisy Bell in tho run-off for the Kensing ton Handicap, but tho latter waited on the favorite uutil the half- distance was reached, and then shot to the front in a couple of strides, winning at her ease. It seemed to bo quito overlookod that the chestnut had distinguished herself over a distanco on former occasions. The new starting machino patented uy Mr. John Spencer ie in use at Lillie Bridge. It is handy, works well, and can be cheaply installed. Meanwhile Gray's starter has got a start that iB useful against any com petitor. . Patroness did her wo.-i at- Chip ping Norton behind a Spencer barrier, and won tho Sydney Cup under Gray's, which shows . she is on irtuiitial patroness . of both barriers. L— "" ' Kosobcry Park pony moeting will be held ou Tuesday, after a postponement to admit of several improvements to the course. Sam Fielder has had bad lack with Yanitas. Generally there or thereabouts, but not near onough to land the money. Greek Georgo has Btnrbed to do some more paper-fighting and wrestling with Hajek, but the latter won't move until there is a deposit in sight. Next Monday entries will be wanted for the S.T.C. Boyal Stakes and Birthday Cup and the other events in tho two days' pro gramme of the Queon's Birthday Meeting. It is rather bad luck for Mrs. White to got both Cobbitty and Malachite returned to licr on the lame list, and Mr. C. M. Lloyd was lucky to get a race out of each at the A.J.C. meeting. Blarneystono mast be counted a very cheap horse at 8500. If ho had been put np to auction after his double win at Christmas he would have commanded at- least twice that amount. Tho Adelaide meetings next month promise to bo very succcessfui.ones. Vic torian horses will play a strong hand tliero, tho owners of them being attracted, no doubt, by tho liberal stakes to be won. Saxon Girl did not get away any too well in the Carlton Handicap, but it would have mado no difference had she got off in a much better position, as Shotover was never- extended fully during tho race. After numerous disappointments Zara won another race at Moorefield, but there wasn't much merit in tho win, as at least one of those who finished behind her could havo upsot tho verdict. Blarneystone is to go to India. His sale price was 8500, and lie ought to bo worth it, for ho i3 a good sound horse, and will take a lot of beating in a Viceroy's Cup. He ought, at any rate, to be better than Norbert. Kangaroo II. may win the V.B.C. Grand National, according to the opinions of some Victorian authorities. But if lio does it . won't say much for the class of cattle ' engaged. He is a very clever jumper,, which is in his favor. Tho Oxido and Dolawaro double was takeu in Sydney shops before the weights wore .declared by someone. Tho "booio- ono " must have felt very satisfied with his investment on seeing Dolaware's impost. According to report, Eust-on, on his track form, is good enough to win a fair raco. The way he gallopod on Thursday for two or three furlongs proved that he is not wanting in pace. Prodigal Son once again showed that a five-furlong courso is too far for him by his running in tho Kensington Four- toen-throo Handicap. Ho was none too well treated iu tho matter of weight, either, and it savored of bad judg ment backing him down to such a short prico. Babel in Brisbane and Babel in Sydney are two different animals, an anomaly i.- which tho Banana sports cannot fathom; E&ris; not strange that Babel should create confusion. There is a scriptural precedent to that end, in fact. In counting np tho two- year-old form some folks omit Georgic, but probably a greater than either that filly or Bob Kay will arise before next Spring racing comes on. Dan O'Brien bos good trial tackle iu Bob Bay, anyway. Elspeth fell back so far in the first far- long of the Tempo Handicap that many began to sniff suspiciously, but when tho mare fairly got qii her logs she soon mado up her lost ground, and had no difficulty in first disposingof Matroua, and tlion stalling off Begalia. ' Several Indian owners intend oriuging up the question at tho yearly meeting of tho Calcutta Turf Club of doing away with starting declarations, the reason being that in Eevoral instances owners found ' themsolvos forestalled by tho public at past race moetiugs. The Epigram — , Wheatsheaf stallion, Waterloo, hurt himself so badly by run- ning into a barbed wire fence, on Peak Down Station, forty miles from Clermont, that he had to be killed. He was owned by the Messrs. Fairbairn Brothers. This is the third year in snccession that Mb Stend has won tho Canterbury (N Z.) Chavnpagi .9 Stakes. He has altogether won tho race six times, with 'Trenton', Maxim, Medallion, Strowan, Blue 'Fire, and Mannlicher. Croswick (by Tattondon — Q.E.D), siro of Creasy, died at Calstock, Tasmania, last week. Forma, by Hotcbkiss — Formo, won tho Champagne Stakes and Ellerslio Handicap at the Auckland B.C. Meeting. Hotch- kiss is the siro of Truo Blue. Georgo Frederick, who won tho English Derby of 1874, and was sold to a Canadian two years ago. for 86000, was lately bought by a Missouri breeder for .81000. Tiio trotting tnaro Itita lias been doing ' well in Now Zealand. She won the Cham pion Stakes at Lancaster Park, trotting 2uiin 34sec and 2min 30sec iu her heats. Box opened at 3 to 1 for the Weltor . Handicap at Moorefield, but eventually started at 5 to 4 on, and won easily from elovea others, the majority of whom .were carrying their jockoya in their mouths. Tho death of Arihi is very unfortunate, for that filly was in tho top class of two- year-olds. If Mr. M'Sweeney gets another as good ha will bo lucky. Arihi was by Malua. Newman does better with & big weight than a light one. Bans well under 9 it, but badly with 7st 81b. Believers in New man are getting scarcer- with every knook be gives them, bub he can gallop all the samo. The Sydnoy Cup was worth 82809 to the owner of Patroness. The owner of Patron got 83500 for the last Melbourne Cup. It was given out on tho morn of each event that neither of these owners fancied their horses. Bumor credits " Yorksbireman " with a desire to soil Pharamond bccauso his failures are impoverishing many of tho tipster's clients. But he hasn't been a bad ono, take liim all ronnd, and will come again yet. Tho automatic judge used to record tho finishes at foot- racing is a great invention. If Mr. Baird had brought it along before Frank Arnold was placed before Poddy Doyle in that Botany Handicap ho would have done better with it. But even now it . will be useful — in some other country, probably. Mr. Wo. Bailey, of the J. B. Clark syndicato, is now racing " on his own " again j and Mr. Bowden, having tired of the turf and disagreed with the V.B.C. aud A.J.C. stewards, and wrestled with tho V.B.C. handicapper, will doff hiB warpaint and lio low. The syndicate was never lucky, and the members may do better solus. Although Pearl Powder lias a couple of \- wins to lior credit in tho pony ranks, she . - iB by no means tho champion that many thought her to bo. Fairfield, who was so successful at the Eoyal Agricultural Society's Show, was awarded first honors in the Hunter's Plato at tho Bathurst Show, Matilda was second, and Castlebar third. Sting's lost two rnns liavo cost his friends a nice little sum, and the chestnut didn't go a bit foster on Thursday when bia ridor turned the whip on. Tho return picnic tendered by Sydney bookmakers to Mr. W. B. Delander on Tuesday was a first-class outing. You can't beat Sydnoy harbor much for a pleasant picnic. The festive "books," aft'or calling the odds for four .days at Bandwick, fished and sang songs for a . cliango. So mo of tho Melbourne punters, ' who didn't calcnlato on Boy Kay and Goorgic, will not bo in picnic humor for a few weeks. At tho South Gundagai races, Duckon- field 8st 4lb and Sherbroke 9at 101b ran a doad-heat for the Final Haudicap, 6 fur longs, tho former winning comfortably iu tho r&n-off.; Tho result did not satisfy Sherbrooko's owner, and a match for 825 over tho same coarse, and carrying the same weights as on the former occasion, was tho outcomo. It resulted iu another close finish, as Sherbrooke, who got tho better of the start, won by-n nose. Fishmonger, who was to havo coma to Aus tralia, ran second to Belle in tho Steoplo- chaso at tho Auckland Easter Meeting. He was carrying I0st 81b to tho winner's lOst. Tho distance is given ns " about 3 miles," and the time was Gmiu 42sec. Highborn II.'s time for the same distance at Bandwick was 7min 28 j3ec, so that the word "about" must have meant rather under than over the three miles at Auckland. A now kind of timing clock was tried at tho last trotting meeting in St. Petersburg (says nn exchange). .To this clock is at tached a tapo, which, as it is reached by the starting horse's breast, sots tho clock going. The same, on the horse's passing tho wire a socond time, stops tho clock, and in this way an exact registration of the trotter's timo is- mado. It was feared at first that the sight of tho tapo across the track might' frighten the horses, but experience has demonstrated that thiB is very rarely, tho case. Trials havo been made, both from standing and Hying starts, and in both cases have proved successful. J. Cripps, jun., is progressing favorably 1 at St. Vincent's Hospital. The pony Zulu tjneen was noaror last than first most of tho way in tho Thirteen- Throo Handicap at Kensington, notwith standing lior short prico. Frank QiU'a experience at Kensington will probably mako liim very attentive to tho rules of racing in future. It was hard luck, though, to be beaten in such a manner. A billiard matoh between F. Weiss and F. Lindrum. 500 up, spot-barred (the former conceding 100), ana 500 up (all in) level, will take placo in Melbourne next week. Wollomumbi was novor really prominent in tho Second Nursery ILin($hap until within fifty yards of the winning-post, and tlion he was going faster than anything in tho raco. -Paris has landed in England. When he gets the uso of his legs ho will put up an occasional gallop on tho training ' ground that will make somebody examine the " ticker " carefully. Previous to winning tho Final Handicap Delaware's best efforts in races beyond a -mile wore his third in the Derby won by Trenchant, and bis second to Solanam in tho Fourth Biennial Stakes, H mile. Although her brother. Jeweller, could stay, Tiwoona's running so far does not confirm tho idea that sho resembles him in that respect. In the Anniversary Handicap, won by Mount Boyal, she was going as well as anything in the raco up to witbin three furlougs of tho winning post, but failed to finish in the first ton. In tho City Handi cap on Saturday laBt she was never dangerons, bat of courso she was carrying every ounce sho was entitled to ovor such a distance. 9 Although the protest against Merry Girl 9 was on account of her ridor woigbing in a with his whip, it transpired ut tho enquiry I that the maro was 2Jlb over-weight on re- | turning to scale, which not boing declared B resulted in lior disqualification. The de- | cision did not givo satisfaction to the books | in the paddock, and so far they havo not 1 paid oat on-the race. After doing bis preliminary, one ridor in a race at Moorefield brought bis mount back, and waited throo or four minutes outside the weighing-yard, where the owner aud trainer were holding a confab. The rider at last got the " office," and the books got it at the same time, for they lengthened against tho horse immediately. Of oourse the animal concerned did not get placed, but ran woll enough to show that - he would have bad no difficulty in winning had a better price been forthcoming. Banquet, ono of tlie American horses now in England, is described by the Spirit op tub Times as " America's greatest campaigner." He has during six years on tho Turf won 107,0Sodol, and holds the record at a mile and a quarter (2iniu 3Jsec). He is a son of Bayon 'd'Or, and ho has in his timo won something like 100 racos. Stonnell, anothor of the Americans, scored no fower than 24 vic tories iu 1893, three of them being over mile courses. Last year he won 14 times. It is conceded all round, in tho States as well as in England, that the horses taken across, bar perhaps Dobbins, who is un sound, are a fair lot, and yet there are to be found plenty of candid friends to dis- courago tho ownera. The Horseman, for instance, takes a particularly gloomy view of the veuturo, and apparently conjures up ghosts for the occasion. New York Turf men, says this journal, are counting tho cost of Bichard Croker's trip, and they are saying that lie has done a silly thing. It will -cost him, they calculate, at least 150,000doi outside hi3 betting. There are foes for using the track, for stablo rant, and exorbitant entranCo- monoy in purses and stakes. The novelty of racing in a country where lio'will be .unknown to tho judgos, where bis racing partner doe3 not hire the officials, where races are not mado for his horses, and where ho will have to own tho boat horse before be' can win a raco, will hardly be a pleasant one. The following is from the London Licensed Victuallers' Gazette The late lamented Sir Jolm Astley's love of fun and frolic was provorbial all over the world, and tho anecdotes already published about tho deceased sportsman will long be quoted to keep his memory green. One good story, however, has not jot boon published. "When 'The Mate' was sorving in tho Guards he organised some donkoy races, tho mokes to bo ridden by officers. Tho news of this oamo to tho ears of tho Commander-in- Chief, who wroto saying that ho considered it somewhat infra dig for officors in H.M. army to rido donkeys. The note convoyiug this polite hint -to stop it, was received whilst Sir John and his mates were dining at the regimontal moss, and cnased no end of fun. Sir John promptly picked up a pen and sout tho Commnndor-iu-Chiof the fol lowing courteous reply : ' Tho officers of tho Brigade of Guards upon tho rocoipt of your Boyal Highness' communication, scratched their " = donkeys. Draught problems and puzzles now appeal- in ovory issue of tho Sunday Times 