DR. PARKER AND THE POPE. AN INTERESTING LETTER. ' Dr. Joseph Parker, the well-known London Congregational Minister, has addressed the following answer to the Pope in reply to the recent letter of His Holiness :— The City Temple, London, October 9, 1895. Holy Father,—As your most gracious letter to the people of England deeply touched my heart and drew forth my best feeling towards your Holiness, this must be my reason for attempting the other- wise presumptuous task of endeavouring to make some personal reply to your gracious overtures. As to its dignity, its spiritual fervour, and its pastoral solicitude, the letter cannot but be regarded as in every aspect worthy of the.illustrious Pontiff of the Roman Church. In the name of God Almighty and His only Son, Christ Jesus, whom we in common humbly adore and strive, though in extreme weakness, to serve, I ask to be permitted to thank your Holiness for a pastoral so strong in large-minded desire and so tender in simple and affecting pathos. Your Holiness will not disdain the approach of a solitary Protestant parson, working within the lines of English nonconformity, who adores the Incarnate Son of God as the Eternal and Only Head of the Church redeemed by His precious blood, and gathered into one spiritual body from every nation under Heaven. If I could be satisfied to pay personal homage to illustrious learning and still more illustrious piety, and to prostrate myself before incomparable historical splendour, I know not to whom I could more unreservedly offer my humble tribute than to your Holiness. But when I seek to satisfy an infinitely larger responsibility, and to express an infinitely deeper faith, I turn to the living Lord of the Church who permits me, by the unspeakable condescension of His grace, to commune with him in penitence and lowliness of heart. I know no head of the Church but the crucified and ascended Christ. I know no real and lasting union but the indwelling of the Holy Ghost equal in power and glory with the Father and the Son. I obey no authority but the Word and Rule of Him qui est imago Dei invisibilis, primo- genitus omnia creaturce—ispse est ante omn^s, et omnia in ipso constant. Holy Father, if this were a merely personal matter, I could hardly forgive myself for seeking to approach a pre sence so august and so venerable; but, inasmuch as you have appealed to all sections of the English people upon questions which affect the very standing of the soul before God, I have emboldened myself to bear witness to the Headship of the Blessed Christ and to decline com munion with any man or any Church that would officially or prescriptively come between me and my Saviour, nor can I charge myself with presumption in assuring your Holiness that this is sub stantially the position of all Protestant English Christians. It has been my most solicitous desire to express myself in terms of reverential courtesy towards the personal dignity of your Holiness, and, if possible, my still intenser desire to make it clear that Protestantism is neither a prejudice nor a whim, but a deep and unchangeable expression of loyalty to what it solemnly and gratefully regards as the will of the Triune God. I pray you, Holy Father, not to despise me as a heretic, but to regard me as one who daily desires to know and to exemplify the truth as it is in Jesus. As I wish to appear before your Holiness in my true colours, it may bo right that I should add that tho Archbishop of Cantevbury would disallow the validity of my " orders" as distinctly as your Holiness would sceptically regard the Archbishop's pretensions. Nevertheless, it is my supreme joy to believe that by the spirit of God factus sum minister sccundus donum gratia Dei, quce data est viihi secundum opcrationcm virtutis ejus. With all personal homage, Your Iloliness's huinblo servant, JOSEPH PARKEB. 