[?] CHAP TEf jXIX.. — AT MB Dillon'S. i =! Br HEDLEY BICHAEDS 3 Author of "A We-sh. Princess," "The Den | - Tragedy," " The Omerod Mystery," Etc. ' Early the next Anoniing I entered the /parlor. I hod lold the housekeeper that I \o&g;"s#ayjE(« flie day, and requested that jny breakfast' might be eerved at six o'clock. She had agreed at once, and eyirced no curiosity as to my destination ; therefore I was considerably surprised to find her in the parlor when I came down stairs. " I am Forry that you have troubled to rise before your usual hour," I said, as she poured out the coffee. 44 It is no trouble. Are you going a long journey r' "Not very far," I replied, on my guard lest she should get a clue to my destination and tell Mrs Barret. Presently she looked at me, saying : "I think I can guess where you are going." 44 Indeed ! Let me hear if yon are a good guesser." " You are going to see Mr Dillon." I started slightly, and she. smiled. "I see I am right. But don't leel uneasy ; I shall not tell anyone." 44 I have not admitted that yonr conjecture is right." " But I know it is. I know you waut to ask him if that unhappy lady, Squire Ar-Ien's first wife, is dead." -- 44 Perhaps Ido/' I said, dryly. " I oou'd tell you something about that," she said, fixing her eyes on mine, 44 I shall be glad to hear, madam." 44 Then, I have seen her grave. Yes," she said, noticing my start, " long before I came here as housekeeper I was travelling in Iialy, and I was shown her grave. I never told the Squire or Lady Ardeu this." " Perhaps it was a bogus grave," I sug gested. 44 Of course," it may have been. I only tell you what I saw. But you will investigate yourself," she said, indifferently. ' That is my intention," I replied. Soon after this I rose from the table, and Miss Wright followed me to the door. 44 What time shall you return ?" 44 1 cannot say ; but I will be back eome time this evening." 44 Then I will have all .ready for yon. Good-bye, Mr Mavin." 44 Good morning, madam — scarcely good bye," I said, as I turned away. She smiled a peculiar, sad smile, which haunted me all the way down the avenue, and I wondered if this woman thought that I suspected her sister, as she c riled Mrs Barret. Passing the cottage, 1 saw that the biinds were still undrawn, and there were no signs of life about the house, save from a chimney at the back. Hastening my s-eps, I arrived in Bexham some twenty minutes before my train started, and proceeded to the police-station. Here I saw an officer, and left a note for the super intendent, requesting him to send an officer in plain clothes to watch Arden Cottage. Having done this, I went to the station, and was in good time for the eight o'clock train to Sedgefield, where Dillon now lived. A little after ten I reached Sedgefield, a sleepy little town in the north of Yorkshire, and I at once proceeded to the post-office, where I obtained Dillon's address. He lived about a mile and a half out of the town, but a little more than half an hour's sharp walk brought me to his house, a pretty, old-fashioned place, surrounded with large gardens, and I saw that the ex-deteotiva had turned gardener. Going up to the door, I raised the well- polished brass knocker, and a bright-faced servant girl appeared. ' Ii Mr Dillon in ?". I asked. 44 No, sir ; he's in the gardens. If you go along that path unier the windows, you'll come to a c uple of archways ; turn along the path by tho second one, and you're sure to find the master.'-. I thanked her, and as I passed one of the windows the sweet, winsome face of" a (purl met my gaze ; then, with a blush, she drew back, and I went on my way. After passing the second archway I saw a path, and turning along it I found that it led into a fruit garden, and further on were some, cucumber and mushroom frames. Bending over one of the former, wBh the lid raised,was an elderly man in a pepper- colored suit, who, on hearing my footsteps, turned round, and I saw a stout, good- humored- looking man. "Mr Dillon?" I said, as he advanced to meet me. 44 You are right, sir, "he replied, as I handed him my card. . In. an instant bis manner, whioh had been business— like, changed to cordiality as he grasped my hand. 44 Dear-a-me ! it's like a whiff of the old life to see a professional brother ; thongh I suppose I've no right to lay claim to be one of younow, hut 1 take a keen, interest in the profession still, sir, though I have turned market gardener. And a paying business it is — not a better one in the - world for a man tired out as I was ; and it gives you a better opinion of your fellows when you come to Nature. When I came here, fifteen years . ago, I'd got criminals on the brain. I'd been hunting them so long that I thought every, second person I met was a rogue or a mar- ! derer. But a year here set me right, sir. But come into the house. I, think I've an idea of what has brought you.". 44 The Arden tragedy," I said, laconically. " I guessed as much. ; T thought when I read about it that whoever got the case would be looking me up.'' 44 You've got a pretty place here," I said, as we entered the house. tf Yet ; it's not large, but I've done ray best with it, " he replied, as he opened a door and led me into a parlor, where the pretty girl I had seen at the window was busy sketch- ing. 44 This is my daughter, Mr Mavin — the only one I have ; her mother and two brothers are dead, so wo keep each other company. Now run away, Maggie, as I want to talk -O this gentleman ; but don't forget to tell Mrs Burns there will be company, for dinner, and to do her best." The girl departed with a smile and ablush, and her father turned to me. 44 You'll stay the day with me, Mr Mavin ? I should like a ohat with a fellow from old headquarters. Let me see — how long have 'you been there ?" 44 Seventeen years," I replied. 44 Ah, you would come just before I left ; but I should be too busy to notice yon. Still, I've heard of yon. You've done good work, and you are quite a young fellow yet." " Thirty-eight," I said, rather amused at his description, as I had began to feel quite elderly. _ 44 Booh ! that's a young man. I'm sixty- nine and I feel younger than I did when I retired at fifty- four. But I can see that you are longing to begin your business, so go on, man," he said. " I came to ask you if you are quite certain that Mrs Arden, the divorced wife of Squire Arden, is dead ?" t " If you had asked me that question a fort night ago, I should have told you I had strong doubts on the point. Now I know she is not, or was not eleven years ago." 44 You do ?" I exclaimed. 44 Yes ; but it was not my. duty to interfere in your cue. Besides, though she is living, it does not follow that she killed Squire Arden." 44 No. But tell me .how you discovered that she was living." 44 Well, first ot all, you know that a man was sent twenty-four years ago to the place where it was said she died." I nodded. 44 His report was so satisfactory that I was bound to aooept it. He had seen the woman at whose house Mrs Arden died, and also seen the grave. But in spite of this, from one or two things the squire let drop, I felt con vinced that he thought she was living ; but I oould not get any proof, neither was there evidenoe against -any one else, so I retired from the case beaten." 44 What have you heard recently to maxe you certain that she was living eleven tears ago? ' I asked. J 44 I'd been reading the case, and I happened to mention to my housekeeper that I'd been engaged on the last case at Arden, and she gave me some valuable information. You eee, she's a Kentish woman. But you shall see her for yourself and with a word of apology, he left me, returning in a minute, followed by a buxom woman, who appeared to be between sixty and seventy. 44 Sit down, Mrs Burns," said her master, placing her a chair opposite to me. 41 Now tell this gentleman all you tola me about Mrs Arden. " 44 Will it hurt her ?" she asked, quickly. 44 That I cannot say ; but if you don't tell Mr Mavin, I shall," said her master, de cidedly. 44 1 wish I'd never named the matter to yon, sir. I never thought of it bringing her into trouble ; but as Ido a't suppose vou'll be able to find her I may as well tell the gentle man. So, to begin at the beginning, I was born at Newcombe, in Kent. My father was one of the gardeners at the Hall, and when I was about eighteen — that's forty-six yeara ago, seeing I'm just sixty-four now — I went out as nursemaid 44 It was my first place, and it was a singular one in a way. It was at Dr Dixon's, and as he was the only doctor in Newcombe, or for miles rounds he'd a big practice. They had .only one child, a . boy, who would be fully fourteen - when I went to live there. It wasn't him I was wanted for, but for two little girls, of whom ' the eldest was three, and the - other two years old. Their mother was dead. She was Mrs Dixon's sister, bat full fifteen years younger, and she'd been left an orphan young, so that most of her life- had been spent with the Dixons. Well, sir, just four years before I went to take care of the little girls, Miss Wells, Miss Dixon's sister, had left home. They said she was married and living in London ; but no one ever saw her husband, and she nevsr came to the doctor's. Then all of a sudden Mrs Dixon went away, and when she came home she brought two little girls with her. 44 The doctor and his wife gave out that they were this sister's children, and that their father and mother had died suddenly, leaving the little ones in their care. They called the eldest daughter Diana, the other Isabel. They were nice children. Miss Diana, though passionate, was a very loving child, but she wouldn't bo put on the least bit. If you did anything she thought was unfair, she was like a little fury. Miss Isabel was very f jbd of her sister, and easier influenced, hilt not such a bright, cunning little thing as Miss Diana, and I didn't like her as well. 44 1 stayed with them till Miss Diana was thirteen ; then I left to be married to one of the gamekeepers on a neighboring estate. At first I went pretty regularly' to" see the young ladies ; then gradually I began to go less, bat whenever I saw them, they would speak to me. 44 When Mas Diana was about seventeen she left the Dixons. I heard that Mr Richard, the doctor's son, who was his father's assistant, had wanted her to marry him, and she had ref used, and his father was so vexed about it that he and Miss Diana had hisrh words, which ended in her taking a situation as governess, iu spite of all Mr Richard could say. 44 Well, sir, two years after this I heard as she'd made a very high marriage, and about six months after that Mr Richard and Miss Isabel got married. People said she'd been fond of bim all along, but that he bad only marriei her when he knew there was no hope of getting Mies Diana. Soon after their marriage Ur Dixon died suddenly, and Mr Richard took the practice, but the old lady Btayed with them. 44 It weuld be about a couple of months after this, when Miss Diana had been married eight months or so, that I went to see a sister of mine in London, and as I was looking in & grand shop one day, out came a lady splendidly dressed, and 1 knew at onoe that she was Miss Diana. She looked handsomer than ever, but she didn't look happy. Well, for the life of me, I couldn't have helped it, and just as she was getting into a grand carriage, I said, Miss Diana/ and she looked round, and such a brightness came into her face, as she said, 4 Oh, Mary, is it you ? But I'm not Miss Diana now — I'm married.' So I said, 4 Yes, miss, I heard that, and I hope yon're happy. " When I said that, a dark look came into her face, and she got into the carriage ; then, as the man shut the door, and got into his place by the ooaohman, she said, 4 Maty, I'm as happy as I can be with a husband thaftvatchesme like a cat watching a mouse. I gave up Isabel and all of them for him and a big house and oarriage.'- 44 4 That's bad hearing, ' I said. 4 But who is the gentleman you've married ?' 44 Then she leaned over and said. 4 1 am Mrs Arden, wife of the rich.. Squire Arden ; and he doesn't wiish it to be known that he has married a nobody. She said this bitterly ; then, just as the carriage was start— ing, she exclaimed, Don't tell any one my name, Mary 1 41 4 You may trust me, ma'am/ I said ;and she drove away. 4 Iu less than two- years after that I read all about the divorce, and I felt sure that the poor young lady had been driven into wrong - doing ; it wasn t natural to her. I'd sooner have believed harm of Miss Isabel, though she was a nice young lady. 4 Just a year before Lady Arden's murder I hta d as poor Mrs Arden had died abroad, and the D;xons went into mourning. Any one wonld have thought the doctor had lost hia wife, he looked in such trouble — indeed, he'd altered from the time of her divorce ; but he was very good to hir wife, and they lived very comfortably j though they had no children to brighten him up, pool man. 44 Well, sir, one evening — it was the very night after Lady Arden was murdered, and there had been a full account in the papers — when I was leaving the doctor's — my band was ailing, and I'd been fors me a>s?« cine jusi as I stepped out of the surgery, right under the lamp that hangs over tin door, I mfc a woman dressed all in black, with a big bonnet and veil ; but a3 the light fell full on her face, I recognised Miss Diana." CHAPTER XX. — Mv Wat is Made pLAir. 44 For a second out eyes met," continued Mr Dillon's housekeeper, " and 1 never saw such a look as there was in her eyes; her face, too, was pale as death, aud even her lips were colorless. As she opened the surgery door by. a fastening which was only known to members of the household, I called out 4Mias Diana; but she never turnelher head, and in a moment she had entered and closed the door after her. 44 1 stood for ever so long gazing at it ; then I roused myself and went home, wondering whether I had seen a ghost. Bat the mora I thought about it, the more certain I was >fe ic was JU.1.SS u.ana— or rather Mrs Arden, though I suppose she had forfeited all right to that name. 4 4 1 cannot account for it, but a conviction came over me than it would be better not to mention the matter to any one, si I did not even tell my husband ; but the next day I made an errand to the doctor's, and I asked him if Mrs Arden was alive. Hs was just giving me a plaster for Jim, and I renumber it fell out of his hand, and he asked ma awful sharp what I meant. 44 So I just told him what I'd seen. Then he laugh d, and said I'd either been dream ing or I'd seen a gbost. Bat I didn't ure&m;, and it was no ghost. After that 1 questioned the servants in a roundabout way, but all I ever got to know was that old Mrs Dixon, the . doctor's . mother, was ill, and couldn't leave her room, and young Mrs Dixon (Miss Isabel that was) was nursing her, with what help the doctor could give. 44 1 asked what ailed her, and was told that it was a bad case of rheumatic fever ; but the cook confided to me she'd her suspicions that it was something worse, as they used such strong disinfectants. 44 Soon after this Dr Dixon sold his practice, and bought one in London, and within four months of me seeing that poor lady they'd moved, and for years I never heard any more of them. 44 About seven years after that I went to stay with my sister again, and she told 4kof baam 4-1% «\ >.1. 1 xi. I\\_ TV cuq u occu buo umiU UX DUM Lfr ASiXOn and his wife in the papers. They had died of some awful infections disease — typhus, she thought. She'd heard all about it from a young boy who was page there, and he had told her that the servants, himself with the rest, cleared out as soon as they knew what ii was, and left the old lady and a nurse to wie4 them. I was really sorry, and I made bold to call at the house. There was a new doctor, sure enough ; bat all the assistant whom saw could tell me was that what 1 had heard was true, and old Mrs Dixon had gone abroad to/end her days. Poor old lady, I did feel sorry for her, and I often, wondered ii poor Mrs Arden was with her, because, yon . see, I did not believe she was dead. 44 1 went home, and six years after that — just eleven years ago — my husband died ; so I went up to London, and after staying six months or so with my sister, I tried to get « place as housekeeper. One day I was in I tram, when a lady and little girl got in, and as soon as I set eyes on her I knew was poor Mrs Arden, only so changed. She looked as though ahe'd had jaundlee, or some thing in that line, she was such an awful color. She had dyed her beautiful black halt and eyebrows, too, a pale yellow — a nasty sickly color. Her eyes were hidden by a pair of blue spectacles, and her features looked SO ; pinohed aud sharp, it made my heart ache to think how she'd altered. Well, sir, I didn't like to epeak to her then, but rim she got, out of -the tram I followed. I'd nptioed her look at me once or twice rather hard, so I hastened after them down the street. Then, when I overtook them, I arid : 44 4 Oh, Miss Diana, don't you know me?' - 44 She stopped and looked full at me, and then said: 44 4 You are under a mistake, toy good woman. My name is not Ml— THnna f tiUl - married.' . . . 4 4 Bat you were Miss Diana Irion yon married the equire/.I said. Then she Wood round and said, 4 1 have told yon I don't know yon and taking the little girl's hand, she hurried on, v A few days after this I saw her come out pf a regista-y office, where I'd arranged to | facet Mr Dillon ; so I asked the proprietress J Who toelady was. : She told me she was a J Jars Bar rat, and she had neon arranging about a situation for an ayah who' had come f£»m India to attend upon her and her little step-daughter, and who wished to retornto her own country." As she repeated toe name (l Mrs Barret," I uttered an exclamation. " Do yon know the name ?" she asked. 44 Go on," I said, eagerly. 44 I oannot tell you any more, sir. I tried to see the a>ah, but I didn't succeed, and from that day I have never seen toe poor lady again." 44 How long is that ago ?" " Over nine years, sir. I'd had one place, which hadn't suited me, and I was looking ont for another." " How old was the little girl?" 44 Nine or ten years of age." " I have very little donbt that you will see Mrs Arden again," I said, slowly. ' You don't mean that she " 44 I mean that I know where ehe is living ; and as for the rest, yon have nothing to do with it. But there are one or two more questions I wish to ask you." 44 I cannot tell you any more, and I'm sorry I've told you so much," she said,, in an aggrieved tone. " Truth must out, Mrs Burns," said her j master ; " and if yon had not told Mr Maviu, he would no doubt have learnt it from another source." 44 What I want to know is whether yon are satisfied that Mrs Dixon died — I mean toe one who was Miss Isabel ?" " Yes, sir, I am. I don't toink there is a doubt about it." 44 Were the sisters much alike?" I asked. 11 There was a resemblance, only Miss Isabel web not nearly so good-looking ; but she'd a lovely pink and white skin, while Miss Diana was dark. Then Miss Isabel's yes were blue, and she'd beautiful golden hair. She would have been called a beauty if Miss Diana hadn't pat her in the shade." 44 Well, now, had Miss Diana any very dear friends about her own age ?" I asked. 44 I should think she bad. Miss Monk- house, the lady at the Hall, had a companion -—a distant relation of hers — who was Miss Diana's most ultimate friend." 44 Is she alive ?" 44 1 don't know, sir. She left toe Hall when Mies Monkhouse died, about twenty years ago, but I don't know where she. went." 44 What was she like ?" 4f A tall, dark woman, fairly handsome." f What was her name ?" Miss Maitland." 14 Thank vou, Mrs Burns." Then, as she rose, intending to leave the room, I said : 44 By the way, did you ever know any one Aamed Qoibel ?" 44 1 should just think I did. He was a helper in the garden at toe Hall. His father bad been groom, but he wasn't much at Jkorses, or gardening either, so when he got toe offer of a place as woodman in the North, he took it. I was told it was some relation of his wife's who recommended him." 44 Quibel's wife, Martha, had been brought up on the estate of Sir James Mcnkhon&e.; Sir James was brother to Miss Monkhouse, who inherited her mother's propertv. Ay, and there were Ralph and Ann Bell went North after Sir J ames died. Do you know toem ?" she asked, quickly. I told her that 1 had not had that plea sure. 14 Well, you may happen across them yet. It was always thought they could tell some thing, if they chose, as to who was the father nf Miss Diana ami Miss Isabel." 44 1 understood their father was a Mr Zinoas?" 44 Mrs Dixon said so ; but folks said Miss Diana was too like the Monkhouses, Sir James in particular, not to be bia daughter j and it's certain that Miss Monkhouse always took a great interest in them. And now toat'a all I can tell you if I were to stand talking till doomsday, and all toe time the meat very likely burning to cinder." When she had gone I turned to Mr Dillon, ; „ying : 44 A woman who calls herself Mrs Barret, ud answers in every way to your house keeper's description, lives at Arden Cot- Dillon gave a long expressive whistle, then liesaid! 44 What shall you do ?" 14 Go back to Arden, get a warrant, and arrest her." " And after all these years Lady Arden's borderer Is traced ! I have always felt pertain that Mrs Arden killed her." 44 Yes, you had a lot of trouble for totfhrag, and circumstances have favored me. put I must get back to Arden as soon as I tan " Dillon looked at his watch. 44 It is half-past twelve, and there is not a frain until four. You will be in Bexham at he said, glancing at his railway guide. 1 As there was no chance of getting book iu toe day, I made myself as comfort- jfcble as possible. The dinner, in spite of Mrs Barns' prognostications, was not Joraed, and my host's young daughter pre sided over it with a grace which charmed me to much that while we smoked our afber- inner cigars I ooneratolated my friend on Ms enviable position— with each a charming oei and pretty girl to brighten it. . You are right, air; there are few men totter circumstanced than I am at the close 0f their life. But, to tell the truth, there f" »es when I long for the old life. Any t case rouses me. It is like thn soent le to a war-horse, though if I bad my come over again I should retire at toe j »»« »ge. It's a duty one owes to those who J» following.", -After a little more chat, and a promise to him know how matters progressed, J took to® my hoBt and his daughter, and jBached the station a few minutes before ur, but only to learn that since June came Pj which had been within the last few days, toe time of the train had been altered, and a«t it did not leave Sedgefield until half- Not knowing how much this loss of time »|ght mean, if Mrs Barret took the alarm y warned by the housekeeper at Arden House, I chafed considerably at to# delay, | and when at last the train appeared I hailed J it with'delight. On reaching Bexham it -was a fninute or I two after half-past six, aad I hastened from toe station, taking the now familiar read to Arden. It was very hot, but there was a strong breeze. Still, it was hard work asv sending the hill,. mid when I reached the blacksmith's place I felt very much disposed to rest ; bat the workshop was closed. Still, I knew it was quite likely, if Martin Taylor had returned, that he would be in the house, so I resolved to call. Passing into the garden, the gate of which stood open, I went very quietly along the soft gravel path until I reached a door which led into a parlor at the front of the house. A little farther on was the window. Just as I readied the doorway I heard some one say t 44 1 tell yon, Nellie, it was madness to send me that message and in the speaker's voice I recognised Reginald Arden. 44 But I couldn't help it. I want to warn ; you, or you may be arrested," was the reply# in a gentle, girlish tone. 44 Arrested ! What for, I should like to know ?" But in spite of the blaster I detected a ring of terror in yonug Arden's voice. 44 That is what I'm going to tell you. 1 have been in agony for the last day or two, for I was afraid I couldn't warn you. Then I made up my mind to write a letter as though it came from my father's aunt, asking him to go over and see her. I got a friend who was going to Deepford, where aunt lives, to post it, and when my father got it he made arrangements to go there, and I resolved to see you. As though to favor my plans, I saw that horrid detective pass here early this morning, and I heard he'd gone off for the day, and that made the matter easier." 44 Well, say what you've got to say. I shall miss my dinner as it is, and have to pnfc up with what I can get," said Arden, roughly. The girl sighed. 44 Do you remember, it is just a week to night since the squire was killed?" 44 Do you think I am likely to forget that?'' he said, fiercely. 44 No. Oh, don't be angry, Reginald. I am obliged to allude to it." 44 Then be quick about it, and don't say any more about that miserable affair than you are obliged." 44 Reginald, did you— Oh, forgive me, but .1 know what a rage you were in about the money which your father had refused to give you." " As she hesitated, he said, sharply : 44 Did I what ?" 44 Did you kill him ?" and her voice died away in a wail. 44 No, I didn't. I suppose it's your pre cious father who told you I did." (to be continued.) 