Dr. John's Secret. Ax one time no man from the outside world was better known in'our Square than Dr. John. He was oar medical man, generally in at the birth, and always in at the death. So long as we had him we needed no dispen- sary doctor. Of coarse he charged for his Tisits and medicine, bat then his charges were most moderate, and he seldom got his fees, so that ia the long rua he was even cheaper and certainly more reliable than his charity brethren. Many a little feverish sufferer, tossing on its sick bed, waa soothed into rest by his patient attention and the stroke of his gentle hand. He was as a woman in his tenderness. 'More than once, when death had been more than conqueror, the tears, have trickled down his cheeks as he spoke comforting words to the sorrowing ones, and where the need was great he Baw that they wanted nothing that money could provide. Many a spirit-racked mortal, trembling on the threshold of the unknown, went out bravely to the valley whence cometh neither echo of voice or footfall, whilst holding his hand, for he was sympa- thetic to 'his finger-tips, If ever a good man came to the Square surely it was Dr. John. He waa one who might hare though aloud, so transparent was his mind as Beet in his face, and so clear and pleasant wer his eyes. So far as we know, his was ; perfect character. Yet outside appearance are deceptive ; illusions are .not always pro phesies of truth, for it is in man to schoo himself so that the real is never visible Human nature has a tendency to weaknesi despite the presence of a spiritual element and again and again we mourn because ol an Eden lost. Looking at Dr. John il would be difficult to imagine that he had e turned down page in his life history, the reading of which would bring the blush ol shame to his cheek. Yet it WOB so, and they who would care to know may read on. How time flies. It must be five summers since that Sunday afternoon when Dr. John turned into the Square to seo Mrs. Ken ' nedy's boy. The little chap had got hiB leg broken ou the previous day, the fracture had ' been temporarily set and bandaged, and the doctor wished to satisfy himself that everything was as it should be. "How's your patient to-day?" asked somebody in a group of neighbours BB he was leaving the Square. " As well as you can expect anyone to bt who haB been iu exquisite pain for four and twenty hours straight on end," was hie reply. As he got into the trap, he exchanged a few more common-places, and then drove away up the road. "The doctor's in high feather to-day," Craig remarked, and the other men con- curred. They too had noticed that the doctor was in unusually good trim. Then the conversation drifted into Dr. John's virtuos. Dr. John Dofan was in good spirits, and the reason wau that a month of probation had come to an encl, and he was even now on his way to learn, his fate. If the truth be told, he was pretty conSdent aa to which way the wind would blow. Such love ns his must melt all opposition, and, besides, she had said nothing that might lead him to expect any but a favourable answor. " Leave me for a month and I will think over what you havo been saying, but remember," Bhe had said, looking at him with ? her earnest eyes, " I promise nothing. One thing I am convinced of, and that is you love me." " Love you, Isabel-'?-" further he could Dot get, for words were too mechanical to convey the depths of his feeling. For a few momenta he stood in gloomy ? silence, then he said : ".Four weeks of susponse-will nothing shorter than this do?" "Nothing. IB it too long for you to wait?" " Isabel, I will wait years if need be, but do not banish me from your presence." " Are you afraid of your love withering ?" " Withering-but there. I soe you are determined. "Well, BO be it, One month to-day I .will be here to claim you." " No, only my'answer." " Well then, your answer." The weeks had eome and gone, and now flt tho' end of tho time, with a heart full of hope, he was on his way to Fontoland to hear the words which were to make or mar his future. Again be stood in the. garden-MB Eden Jie called it-and Isabel was by his side. The murmur ot the little river was in the air, and from the reddening treéâ carno a ehanoe bird note. As they walked and talkod, these sounds harmonised with their thoughts and words; as they turned, the after-glow fell on them, a shimmer o£ rosy light. Surely in its significant beauty ft was the love garden, an Edon where the man was finding his helpmate-his soul's counterpart. So you have loved me a long time," she said, dreamily. " Since our firat meeting." " And that ie-?" " Two years ago. How long have you thought about me?" "That is a bard question. I never seem to have thought about anyone else. You are my ideal, and I can scarcely tell when or where the dream passed into reality." " Never mind, sweetheart. You love me, and that is enough. That is alli need to tnako me the happiest man alive." "But I am only a dreamy, impractical woman, full of strange whims and fancios. Now, for instance. I am wondering what you were before you knew me. What you thought about, and whom. Did you ever love anyone but me ? Is there in your life a hidden corner into which I must never pry?" she said, playfully, us she looked into his face with charming, yet peculiar earnest-' ness. " Isabel," he broke out n little petulantly,' *'what do you take mo for? What should I hara to hide from you ? My life has been opon and above board. Faithfully I have striven to do the right." " And nil times and always ?" " Yes," hesitatingly ; '! that is, generally." He dared not lie direct with those intent eyoB fixed upon him. Her gaze was a search-light which was moving out and in through every nook and cranny oE his being. " Oh, then you have made mistakes-a mistake. Was it very serious ?" Ho reddened as ho retorted : " I confeBS to no mistake." " No, John ; but all the same you have mado one, and such- a serious one that you cannot or will not tell it to mo." "Everybody in Newcastle has a good word for me." The breath of scandal has never ns much as been raised against me. I have livod beyond reproach." Slie simply looked at him, and ha caw that . ¿he was hurt; o vide it ly she did not credit his avowal, and he colored up. The hot words came to his lips. '' Am I speaking false ? " The tears were dimming her eyes as she turned to him again, and in a low voice and slow coming words, she said : " John, I loved you-I love you ; but you must leave me. Go, and may God help you to do the right. Go. Good bye." " Isabel, hear me-do not send me away thus. Never a man in the world would be more devoted than I. Isabel," he pleaded, as be held out his hands and grasped hers, " I cannot, I cannot go. The past is only a ghost ; believe me, only a ghost." " Does it come between us ?" she asked, with a directness which would not admit of any equivocation. " No," he faltered, but his answer con- demned him. " John, go ; be the man God intended you to be, and I will pray for you. Good- bye." Isabel turned and left him standing in the garden. The same garden of an hour ago, but no longer an Eden. His radiant happi- ness was good and even yet the sky was aflame with ruddy glory; but as he stood the glow died away into the silvery mists of twilight, and, save the wash of the river against ita stony border, no sound broke the stillness. "What was the use of his staying ; she would not Bee him, would not liBten to him. She had spoken : it was for bim to obey. Her command had been" Go." That meant-and he knew it-from her presence. He was no poltroon, but he winced as if a lash had curled about him. Full of misery, he looked round on what waB now a Gethsemane. The rery air seemed weighted with his sin, and the burden was almost greater than he could bear. Within him was raging a storm of conflicting sensations. To go he was loth ; stay he could not. At last he tore himself away. At the inn where his horse was put up he ordered a glass of brandy, but flung it away without tasting it. " That won't do any good,' hesaid to him- self ; " but for that-who knows what might--" And he lapsed into moody silence. The horse was left to itself ; for Dr. John's thoughts were back again to the scene in the garden. A dozen timeB he said, " She lores me and will relent," and just as often came to theconcluBionthatherrerdictwas irrerocable. Onco, indeed, he stopped the horse to return ; but the utter folly of such a step soon deterred him. "I will write her and tell her-no, not all. She will think it all, and beaven knows it is bad enough. Oh, Isabel-oh, Isabel, if you know all, would you pity me ? Tea, I will write-write so that it would melt a heart of stone," He called iu at the Square as he returned, and when he spoke to Mrs. Kennedy, it was only to say, " How is the boy to-night ?" She did not know his voice, and told him so, say- ing that he must have caught a chill. " A chill ! Tes, I have goto chill," and he laughed bitterly as he remembered how in- tense the chill had been. "The Doctor was not himself at all," Mrs. Kennedy reported to a neigh hour who dropped in to see her son. " In fact, he looked quite poorly." He looked no worse than he felt.. In the quiet of his own study the events came up before him with startling force.- Her jesting words, his confusion, her searching glance, her tragic command, and his just aa tragic appeal-what a complete reversal of the tableau ho had pictured to himself. The writing to Isabel which he had pro- mised himself was more difficult than he bargained for. After two hours of stress and struggle he gave up tho task as hopeless. It simply could not be done. He gathered up the sheets and burnt them, wishing from the bottom of his heart that his memories could have been as completely annihilated. A weok passed by and another Sunday came, but it brought no Sabbath calm to his troubled mind. What an eternity of mental pain that week had been ! No wonder he was haggard and unnerved. But ono thing was certain-he would see Isabel again ; she would hear him, ahe must listen to him, and then Tho day was a miserable one-so different to the laBt, whon he had gone over the same ground with jubilant spirits; but it WBB in unison with hia mood. There was a grim satisfaction in him to behold the drenched and sodden aspect of the trees and fields and the droop of the flowers in the gardens he passed. The picturesqueness of the rural village waa replaced by a general déjection. The river waa muddy j for tho nonce spirit of beauty had gone. "Yes, MÍBS iBftbei is at home," tho maid said, showing Di'. John into the sitting room, where MÍBB Isabel was. "I have come again," the doctor said, wearily, as he dropped into a chair. "Yes." " Are you not glad to see me ?" " That dependa." " "Woman-Isabel- have you no soul ?" he cried out passionately. : *' Have you done what you ought ?" "I have done nothing, but I have come to toll you my secret. I tried to write, but could not. Por pity's Bake do nat misjudge me." " John," Isabel said solomnly-" John, I neither judge nor condemn, but I do-I do want you to play the man. This is tho only way by which you can retain my love-if, indeed, you wish to have it." "You shall hear," said the doctor, as he settled down in the chair with his. eyes fixed on tho fire " As you know, I studied in Edinburgh, and studied to some purpose, as my degrees will provo. I bought a practice there. It was out of this that my secret arose. I had, as a student, got con- nected with a rollicking sot-men who took their wines and Bowed wild oats. But, Isabel, I pledge you. my honor, beyond aa occasional excess in liquor, I waa not with them." " I believe you, John." " About this time a patient came under my caro. He was a wealthy merchant, who suffering from what we call a fatty tumour, one of the fibrouB type, in his neck-not a dangerous thing in itself, and only so from its situation. It would gradually develop until its roots emineshed the throat, and the patient would bo suffocated, throttled, so to speak. By improving his gonorul health, T hoped to absorb the growth into tho system ; but it resisted all my efforts. An operation was decided on, and successfully carried out. I got the fatty mass beauti- fully excised from the network of arteriös by which it was surrounded. It was as nico a bit of work as I had ever done. My hand was steady, and my hood cool, for with the operation in view I had taken no stimulant for a fortnight. I was proud of my'Bkillj for the case , had required very delicato handling j but it was ovt r, tho wound was bandaged up, and as' the patient was free from the influence of the anesthetic, I vas fres to go. Our mea were haring a dinner that night, and must needs go, and aa usual, the liquor circulated freely, and I took my share with the rest of them." " That ia to say, you got drunk." " No Isabel ; I was stopped before I got that far. A messenger came in hot haste to say that my patient was sinking fast. I rushed from the room as I was-did not eren stay for a hat. Like a madman, I tore through the streets and arrived at the house in less than 10 minutes. Calming myself with a big effort, I went to the sick room. One glance at the man sufficed to show hia dangerous state. Under ordinary conditions, though rery grave, the case waa one which nerve and skill could cope with. In a moment I had learned fror" the nurse when the bleeding had begun, and how she had tried to staunch it without success. I saw what was necessary, gave her a few hurried instructions, and then I bent down to try and tie up the artery. But my hand shook like a leaf ; I so bungled that mattera were made worse. With a ghostly fear at my heart, I saw the life current flowing out before me, and I was helpless, powerless to prevent it. With a sigh, followed by a con- vulsive shudder, the man died, and I was hia murderer." The doctor looked white aa he Bat staring into the fire. For a moment or two there waa silence. Then he passed his hand over bia chin and said, aB he turned his dreary eyes towards her : " Well, Isabel, that is my secret. Do you pity me P Can you give me what I have wauted ?" And there was the hungry, hunted expression in his face of one who had lost or missed something in life. " John," (her low clear voice vibrated through him ; he waa conscious of her mag- netism), " John, I pity you aa much as I love you, and would, even in spite of what you have told me, love you ; but you have not told me the price which you paid for your secret to be kept." "Por my secret to be kept ?" Dr. John gasped out, and thea he recovered himself a little and laughed a queer sort of a laugh. " Not a farthing, I assure you." " You are trifling with me. There are other payments than money ?" Again her eyes were upon him. Do as he would, he could not escape that penetrating glance. Driven to desperation he cried out, "Will nothing satisfy you ? Nothing but my complete humiliation ? Oh, woman, where ia your pity-where is your love ? You would wring the very heart from me. Think what I have suffered. It has been a martyr- dom to me. Day and night I have. been haunted by the past, and yet I have nevei again given way to temptation. Ob, Isabel -Isabel, allow what I have told you be sufficient-allow all else to be hidden." "If our lives are to be united, I must know all; it is for your good. John, I mean you well. Do not tell me if you would rather not. But if not, then you muBt leave me." " I thought love was merciful." " Love, if true, is just and also merciful." Outside the rain and wet leaves were pat- tering against tho window, and the wind sounded eerily among the garden trees; inside the room, save where the firelight fell, was wrapped in a shadow. Dr. John followed the fire glow as it diffused into the gloom, and Baw it light up the soft grey dress of tho girlish figure of the woman who had brought him to the bar, and it fell on her face, a good face-kind, but full of determination-with eyes that spoke at once of pity and purity, truly windows of her soul. . Then the glow tracked up to the low ceiling, showing out boldly a picture of Prometheus chained to bis rock. Here it was that his eyes rested. Was he not Prometheus, chained to a rock, and surrounded'by a desolate, lonely sea ? Was not the dirge in his ears ? Had he not called aloud for some living thing to break in upon his solitude-something of form and ot life to come into the unutter- able dreariness of his outlook. And the longing had been answered, but not as he had prayed-not a heaven-sent angel, but a form of evil, which pecked at his eyes and thruBt its talons into his quivering flesh, and aggravated his misery ? Was not the awful agony of that chained man his ? In the same way, was not his heart being laid bare and tortured and the cords of life strained and racked beyond human endurance ? He had asked for love, and what waa this ? Oh, that he had never met her-that he had never loved her. " Isabel," the words wore those of a broken man, "is there no other'alternative -will you not spare me ?" " Tell me the price you paid the nurse." " She saw what had happened, and knew the hold she had over me, and demanded that I should marry her." "You refused ?" " She persisted, and I was weak with horror and unnerved, and I yielded, and there in the death-chamber, with a dead man as a witness, I took her to be my wife.. That was the price I paid. There waa no'other ceremony." " But that was binding enough ?" "In Scotland, yes. She made my lifo a perpetual terror to mo with her habita and her temper. She waa a fury, and drank con- tinually. We hnd one child." " And it is-" " Dead." . " And, of course, she ia dead, too ?" " No, Isabel, she is alive ; but I have not seen her for three yearB." ? ? " John," Isabel said, and he could see tuat her face was wet with tears. " I am heartily sorry for you ; you have gone through more than your share of trouble," and rising from her chair she bent over him and kissed him. " God knows I would have done much to help you, but I cannot do what you aak. Oh, 1 cannot-I cannot." ;. "No," he ßhook his head, ",I suppose not. Well, this is the end of the dream." The wind and the rain beat pitilessly upon him when he left the " Black : Bird" and drove off into tho darkness. How dark it was only his despairing heart knew. It was - to him as iE the very forces of nature were combining with those of circumstances to drive him out of the world. As he argued a grim determination to defy fate and BOO the end of it took hold of him, and he felt a fierce joy in battling with the storm. Come what might there would be no more shrinking. In somo liven how strangely events do happen. There is no God but chance, say some. There is no such thing BB chance Bay others, and assuredly coincidence does, not explain everything. , When Dr. John got home a tolegrnm waa waiting him, its message was brief. " Mrs. Dorau isdying,come at once." Wetthough he was, tho doctor , went off and was in tho nick of time to catch a fast train through to Edinburgh. Chilled to tho bone and tor- mented by conflicting émotions, he lost no time in getting to the : part of Edinburgh where his wife lived, if in.fact she still lived. It was in High-street, almost under the shadow of St. Giles, that he found the house he wanted. Quickly he climbed the stairs and entered a wretched room. An old crone was seated by the fire smoking, and she an- swered his inquiries. " Mistress Doran, oh, she dee'd twa 'oors' syne. She's ben there." Sure enough she was dead. In the dim morning light, with the hush of death about him, Dr. john felt his resentment against the dead woman fade away. At last he was free, free from a curse which had so bitterly blighted his life. So thankful was he at the release that he stayed on till she was laid beneath the sod. Another Sunday found him on the road to Fonteland again. He called in at the Square on his way up to see some of our people, and they saw the same blythe Dr. John as of yore. The pressure was removed, and his spirits had risen. He could joke with nia 'patienta and tell them funny stories. He was detained in the Square to welcome a little stranger, but now he was on the move again. " Oh, those babies," he said to us as he passed the group at the wall corner, and then he drove rapidly away. It waB after six when be got to Fonteland. Miss Isabel was not at home. She had gone to church. No, he would not wait, he would take a walk round and call later on. Crossing the bridge he entered the churchyard, and throwing himself down on the river bank he lit a cigar and lay there in supreme content, nursing his happiness. How charming it waB, the Bubdued music floating out from the church and mingling with the peaceful murmur of the Font and the sighing of the wind, and how soothing to one who had been tossed on the wares of a stormful passion. He was in a haren of rest at last, and had no wish to leave it. In the quietness of the summer night the voice of the preacher was audible During a pause in his thinking Dr. John distinctly heard the words " Out beyond the hill of Calvary was a garden." He knew without acknowledging it. that it was here that incarnate love was tried and tested, and found not wanting. There had been in his past both an Eden and a Gethsamene. "Would there be a Calvary also, where lore would be supreme. To the unrest and misery of his life would he be able to say, " lt is finished ?" ' Henceforth the book of his days would hold no secret-but the secret of a deep, sweet peace. ? Again he was in the garden. He would meet her here, among the flowers, the tree shadows, where the glory of the westering sun was slanting down to the water's edge, and she would gire him an answer. The ruBtle of her dress brought gladness with a ruBh to his heart, and he went forward with outstretched hands. " Isabel 1" "John!" "Then caine a htwh like a benediction on his spirit as he said softly. " She is dead-I am free I God has been good to me." As he looked into Isabel's face and saw the light in her eyes, he became aware of her thought before it was voiced. She loved him ! She was his. "With her hand resting on his arm she walked by his side till the shadows deepened into a dusk as solemn, as lovely, as the deep and sacred mystery-Love. At last, after many days, Dr. John had-come to his own-the realisa- tion of his heart's desire.-The Settler and South Queensland Pioneer. 