";f?eyiEw& "MORTGAGED YEARS."— This is the title of a well-written Australian story by R. K.Dee, which we have received from Messrs. George Robertson & Co. the publishers. Although the first chapter gives an account of the trial of the young and beautiful Mignette Tryson for the murder of her husband, a man of great wealth, but old enough to be her father, the book is by no means one of the blood-curdling order. On the contrary, the conversations are Always lively and often sparkling with wit and humour. The principal characters, after Madame Tryson, are the handsome young barrasiter who defended her at the trial; a rich squatter, "whose dinners, wines, cigars, and morals were above' suspicion; Eileen, his daughter; and a wealthy young Englishman bent on discovering the national characteristics of the colonists. In dealing with 'these the author displays considerable' drainatio power and originality doihbined with' a lightness- of tbnoh which . makes -the ' book ' very' pleasant reading indeed. If, the reader, datters himself that no nan discern ho'w oertain startling situations will endhe wilt almost oertainl? find himself, mistaken, for throughout it is the unexpected thathappens.. Unlike other Australian novels which have come under our notice, the book dontaina. ho piotures of bash life, but it ie nevertheless an extremely olever, healthy, and interesting story. "God and the Ant."—This is the title of p little book' by.Ooulson Kernahan, published by Messrs. Ward, Look, & Bowden. It is What may he oalled a dream drama, and fur nishes another instance of up-to-date litera ture attempting to eharewitb the pulpit the Spiritual guidance of mankind. In it may.be found concentrated in a telling manner indict ments whiobpsssimistsof all ages have brought against the Deity, and the answers thereto. Whether the indiotments are just "or. the feplies offered satisfactory wS leave our: readers to judge.' All- we need eay is that those who like ttoriptural nourishment served npi ill a novel and spicy form should read '"God and the Ant." The aim of the writer, it would' seem, like that of Milton in his " Paradise Lost," is to —— assert Eternal Providence, And justify the ways of Qod lo man. " Philosophic Materialism. "—This is the principal title of a small volume whioh has been sent to us by its author, Mr. Oharles Hose, whose name is familiar to South Aus tralians on account of his prominent associa tions with religiouB polemios and controversy on philosophical subjeots. Some idea of the feneral character of Mr. Rose's book, wbioh e has published just prior to his de parture for England, where he ie likely to spend the rest of his days, may be formed from the intimation that its con tents are oomposed of artiolea that have appeared in the Viotorian freethoughtjournal, the.Liberator. To these is added an ap pendix on "Contraoeptive Checks," whioh will recall to memory the " Fruits of Philo sophy, " issued by Mrs.. Besant in her ante theoBophy days.' Different aspects of the highly debatable themes to whioh the author 'has addressed himself are treated under suoh headings as "Science-and Pbilosophio Ma terialism," "The Theiat," "The Mystio," riftrnman Thaietindl . and Mvitingl Ai*m> 'Common Theistical and Mystioal Argil ments," "The Anti-Materialistio Agnostio," "Space and Time," "Spooks—Spirits of the Departed,"- "Theosophio, Mesmeric, and Hyp'notio Assumptions," "Man's Responsi bility," "Taxation," "Land Ownership," " Labour and Capital," and "The Ethiosof Marriage and Generation." Obviously a volume of this kind cannot judiciously be discussed in detail in a newspaper -review, and it is no. more our purpose to combat its theories than to commend them, heartily as we approve of the -writer's maxim —"It i6 falsehood whioh is always dangerous, bat truth never." Some people may oonteqd, however, that even the revelation of oertain verities should ohooBe proper times and appro priate plooes. - Amongst these oiitios will be a number on whom Mr, Rose's writings will infliot poignant pain, though some of the "new novelists" are quite as piainspoken as ourSonthAustraiianohampion of freethought. The author has tbe'oourags of his opinions; bis meaning is oxpressed in o'ear and vigorous Shruses, and many parts of his book should ave the effect pf provoking enquiry and stimulating reflBOtion. Prison reformers, for 'example, may profitably peruse the chapter upon the responsibility of criminals, who are defined as men suffering from moral disease. 'Detective Stories.—"The Experiences of 'Loveday Brooke, Lady Detective," by C. L. Firkis, is the title of a work published by Hutohinson & Co., London, a copy of whioh has been sent us by Messrs. E. 3. Wigg and Son, Deteotive stories, judging by the heavy supply, must be exceedingly popular, and those who enjoy this kind of literature will appreciate this volume. The cleverness displayed by Loveday Brooke in hunting down thieves, murderers, ghost impersonators, and similar "fearful, fowl" who prey either on the pockets or oredulity of honest folk, would doorsditto thatprinoe of deteotives, the great Sherlook Holmes himself. The atories are appropriately illustrated, and even those who are not deeply interested in the doings of the evil-disposed will be able to spend a pleasant, if not a particularly profit able, hour or two in perusing what is so graphically narrated by Mr. Pirkis. 