Our Summary of Auskdasiaslilews since last Issue. The Queensland Legislative Council has passed the second reading of the Suppres sion of Gambling Bill by 15 to 14." Captain Hall on Friday telegraphed to the underwriters of the s.s. C&tterthun; that they had fonnd something in 45 fathoms. ' A ' telegram from Seal Bocks ; states that the object fonnd lies north-, east of the Bocks. It is at a much greater depth than the divers can manage. The verdict of the jury engaged in en qutang into the Eldorado mining disaster was:-—" That John Kneebone was Mlled in the M'Evoy mine at Eldorado on the morning of the 20th July by the inrnsh of ' slnm] and that the other four men died from suffocation caused, by the same in- ! rash, but there was not sufficient evidence to show when they died." A shipment of 50,000ft. of sawn hard wood is being sent from Grafton, and will be- shipped in Sydney for the English' market. If the venture proves a success, there" is abundance of timber in the Cla rence district to maintain an extensive trade. The Warialda hospital committee re ceived 18 applications for the post of me dical officer. At a special meeting Dr. M'Kinnon, of the Sydney Hospital, was1 duly-elected. The Sydney Wine and Spirit Merchants' Association have decided to ask for a re duction of the duty on spirits from 14s. to 10s. There is a remarkable mortality among fish at present at Berry, both in salt and in fresh water. Sugar crashing is in fall swing on the northern rivers. Owing to the dry weather farmers in some districts will lose some thing through .the lightness of the cane. The Sydney Inspector of .Barnes states that it is very difficult to get good milk in the metropolis, and he has found instances of adulteration up to 30 per cent. One of the dairymen fined blames the railway officials for the added water. and cite the finding of tumblers bearing the Govern ment railway stamp in the cans as evi dence. Frederick Weeks a -bookmaker, who had just prosecuted his wife aud brother, on a charge of stealing, was arrested at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Thursday, in connection with the diamond robbery from Stewart Dawson and Co/s. On Fri day he was committed for trial. It is stated that John Copp, whose body was on Wednesday exhumed at Bockwood Cemetery, was formerly well known in Newcastle, having been for several years dispenser to Dr. Bowker, when, the latter was practising at Newcastle. The Government Analyst has made an exhaustive examination of portions of the remains of John Copp. He reports that he found no remains of poiBon, either mineral Or vegetable. The remains therefore will be reinterred. Daring a row with kanakas at Lismore a man named Haynes was savagely attacked, with bottles and stones, and left half dead. Only two arrests Werem&de.; One man got off/ the other was sentenced to three months'imprisonment. Seven hundred and fifty men are re grading the mam railway line in Victoria, and 300 more will be engaged within a fortnight. ' > • The man Gibson who tried to murder his wife and commit suicide at Kangaroo Point, Brisbane, recently, has been ad judged insane. Mr. A. B. Piddington, M.P., says: " Labour fcas been decribed as the father of wealth and land the mother, but the misfortune has been that the father and the mother have too long been divorced fvnm «w>li " * Mr. M'Elhone says there was no getting away from the fact that the Labour party is , running the Government. Mr. Munro, of Grafton, saved a little girl from being drowned at Lismore last Tuesday. " At the present time the expenditure of the Government iu shifting sand.at the Centennial Park is at the rate of £30,0Qf> a year. In the Assembly the other night Mr. Sydney Smith stated, in reply to Mr. Wright, that 102 cattle were condemned at the Flemington saleyards by the Go vernment Inspector during the past six months as unfit for hnman food.. The principle diseases were tuberculosis, can cer, and actinomycosis. No sheep were condemned. The condemned beasts were shot. The carcases were not bled, but were kept in the yards for about 20 hoars, and them removed to the boiling-down premises, and passed through steam di gesters. It was not true that condemned cattle were sold to butchers, who Slaugh tered at places some miles from the city, and then sold the meat. . The annual returns of sheep in New Zealand give the approximate number'as 19,767,000, a decrease of 463,500 compared with last-year. A gold watch and chain was oh Thursday presented to Officer O'Brien, of the fire brigade, by both Houses of the Victorian Parliament, in recognition of his conspicu ous bravery in attempting to save the life of Superintendent Gee on board the burn ing ship Hilaria. Mrs. Seddon, wife of the N. Z. Premier, declined a present of £1000. Things must be looking np in Maoriland. Mr. Jaiuieson, a Melbourne engineer, died suddenly at Carryong on Sunday, probably from an oyerdose of chloral hy drate. The winners of TattersaH's consultation on the Exhibition Handicap^ run at Eagle Farm, Brisbane, were as followsFirst horse Clythe, -£620, H. H. Murray; Kerbin, Mundooran; second horse, Israelite, .£460 10s., Mr. E. M'Glynn, Lake Cudgellica; third, horse,' Irish Stew, £405, A- Jones, No. 2 Pit, Hamilton. All the lucky win-, ners live in New South Wales. The follow ing are. the nameB and addresses of the persons who drew the first three prizes in Oxen ham's consultation on the Exhibition. Handicap: Tickets 434 Clythe, J. Egan, Junction Hotel, Uldera, Victoria, first prize; 3482, Israelite, C. Malcolm care of j J. Grisdale, auctioneer, Newcastle. (N. S. W.) second prize, 6075, Irish Stew, H. j Jones, care Canterbury Park Jockey Club, Pitt-street, Sydney (N.S.W.) third prize. 1 Messrs. Cook and Company, printers,' have been fined £200 at Melbourne for having invoieed imported printing material at £50 below value. Until the present Government (writes a] Sydney eorrespondet) came into office itj was the practice of the Ministry oh the eve < of the opening of Parliament to give a i dinner to their supporters and to other re- ' presentative men in the community. -But Mr. Beid and his colleagues,- although! most of them qui handle a knife and fork; with vigour, have, it is clear, no sym pathy with that' practice. It would cost about £100 to give a dinner, or about £11 | for each of the Ministers, and'such an ex penditure would be a sinful'waste of money, j Vet the object of the country in paying ; Ministers high salaries is undoubtedly to ! enable them to entertain people to a rea sonable extent. If the Mayor of Sydney pocketed the £1000 a year he receives from the fnnds of the Corporation, he would soon be hauled over the. coals by the alder- j .men. The unwritten law regarding the members of the Government is that each I shall spend at least £500 of his official: salary for party purposes, and in the dis charge of the rites of hospitality. A Sydney correspondent writes:—As soon as the Payment of Members Bill was passed, Mr. Bruce Smith announced that j he would not touch a penny of the salary. The reason he gave for this action was : that service in the Parliament of the country should be given without fee or re-, ward. But a few days ago he made an ap- j plication for the payment of the arrears 1 due to him from the Parliamentary Repre sentatives Allowance Fund, and I suppose j has, before this, receivedthe cheque. The j sum is a little over £805. He explains his inconsistency by the statement that, as the ] people have at two general elections re-! affirmed the principle of payment of mem-1 bers, he is justified in now accepting what j previously he refused. This is ia very flimsy excuse, and it has satisfied nobody. How different is Ms conduct from that of 1 Mr. Knox, the member for Woollabra ? That gentJeman^told his-constituents that j he wonld not accept payment for his ser- j vices in Facliament, and he added that he had taken such steps as to make it im possible for him to draw the back pay . in. the event of his altering his decision at any. j time, and also to render it impracticable! for his heirs getting afarthing of the-; money, A miner working at the Cardiff Castle j mine, 60 miles!rom Coolgardieywas being i hauled up the shaft, when he fell a distance j of 75ft. and. waskilled. A return has .been prepared showing that 1 in the Tweed disfricttherearefilS Kanakas, 50 Asiatics, and 10 Chinese. Eighty-six j blacks are cane armers, employing-,72 of j their countrymen. At a public meeting in Auckland on ] Thursday night it was derided to erect a j statue to Sir George Grey. It is the intentionof the Sonth Aus- j tralian Government to. propose a; reduction j of £1000 in-the Governor's Balajy. The j Heine Government has already been noti fied. 1 The Victorian Chief Secretary has circu- j lated Ms Factory Act Amendment Bill. It deals With the sweating' evil, the ] Chinese -question, Hue inspection bfboilers, the examination of engine-drivers, and the j early closing of shops. Judge Simpson has decided that habitual j drunkenness is. insnfficient gronnds for a divorce unless accompanied by some other The New Zealand Governmentis "bring ing in legislation to reduce the number of j local governmentdiBtricts bythree-fourths.1 I Shearing is mow pretty general all over ! I the Deniliquin district, and is. proceeding ! ! satisfactorily on most stations. ' j . ! Mrs. Cathcart, one of the oldest residents o:: Ihvermay, Tasmania, has been found | di^ed 'c-her '* A i Coslbura a promenade concert, pro-;; noted by several ladies in aid of the Indies' Benevolent Society, realised about JBIOO. ; ' A Kiandra telegram datedThursday at ates:—Snow has fallen continuously for ; tie past forty-eight hours, and js still" & Uing. Twelve inches .of snow has fallen., In the dark hours of Sunday morning a week ago, says the Hobart {Tag.) Meb c^ibt, a young man was* wending his way - homewards past the disused burial- ground in Campbell-street, when bB. 'saw a foil, white-robed; figure stalking among the tombs. He did not run away,'but"went for" the ghost, only to find it was a yoong woman in her robe de chatnbre, and in a sound sleep !j While 'mediating as to what wds to .be doine, he was made aware of a nfon similarly attired, who' asked Mm his business in la rather gruff' sort* of- way. Explanations followed, and it came out the ghostly lookibg figure was' the wife of a respectable artizan, who, missing her from his side, rose from his bed'and" went to loqk for her, fold •found herr-wandering in the gloomy necropolis. . Thereis a fiend at Hill End, and from wljat we know of Hill End people. if they could lay hands upon the character, he would.be treated as a fiend deserves. - One mojrhing last week, when Walter Moss, who drives Holland's mail coach from the Hijl to Mndgee, was about to start, be noticed something which T aroused his suspicions, pn looking at the wheels of the coach, he discovered the caps of the behind wheels had been taken away, and the scoundrel , who had planned . the villainous act, at such great risk, was only prevented.removing the front wheel caps through the- wrench he used snapping. The timely discovery of the dastardly deed, averted, probably, loss of life. I Such acts intended, of course, to injure the mail com tractor, can have no other effect than to benefit him amongst a people noted/for their love of fair play, which is character istic of the Hill "Endere as a community. * It was a dirty bit of work. At the police court afBathnrst on Tues day two men who scaled the fence of the cricket ground daring the recent football match were: charged with trespassing. They pleadediguilty.. Mr. Thompson, who appeared _for the prosecution, did not ask for i& heavy penalty, hut explained that after much difficulty the trustees had ob tained from j the Government power to proceed against all persons who trespass in this! way, and they wished to show that offenders could not enter, the ground with impunity. Tender the circumstances ' the police magistrate fined the defendants in a nominal penalty of Is., together with .cost?, amounting to 16s. each, but in fu ture he would deal much more severely with trespassers. The steamer-Port .Chalmers, which had a miraculous escape from total destruction by colliding : with a mammoth iceberg during the voyage from London, reached Sydney , on Saturday morning"' There was'; a big muster of foe public when the Port ; Chalmers was hauled-alongside the wharf, and Captain Free, who had navigated the vessel nearly:five thousand miles with a huge hole in her bows, was heartily con gratulated for his pluck. An] extraordinary shooting affray took place] in William-street early on Saturday morning, which resulted in the arrest of Harriet Cleave, a married woman, residing in High Holborn-street, who was remanded at the court on Saturday on a charge of having shot at Frederick Dyson with in tent tjo do Mm grievous bodily harm. Ac cused; says she1 was entertaining a number of friends at] her*.residence, -when some young men raided the place. Tbey had ! just about got; to work in earnest, and had broken all the' fanlights and fore np most of the;palmgs iwfaen Mrs. Cleave discharged the "revolver. j She took this action, she alleges, for the purpose -of scaring the marauders. The occupants' of foe house also assert that a bottle had been thrown through a window. Asecond-attempt was .made during/Saturday to extract foe! bullet ifrom Dyson's back, but it failed. The police are engaged investigating the i affair. ; Mr. H. Wise, managing trustee of the Saving^ Bank of Hew South Wales, died on Friday, night. A main convicted at Brisbane -of robbery, with vijolence has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment with periods of soli tary confinement and 30 lashes. The Queensland /Railway commissioners report foat differential border rates "to! conserve foe colony's own traffic will con tinue to; prove unavailing till railway com munication is extended. Twenty-one thousand signatures have' been secured in Queensland to a petition against foils on foe Victoria Bridge. .A sad case 'of destitution" has been' brought/to light: At Swamp'^Oak a lad was foken ill with inikmmakion of. foe lungs. The police fonnd that the parents had notgot a blanket in the bonse. Since foen foe father; who was a carrier, named Smith, end two of the sons have died. One Bon fos beep taken to foe Tamwbrfo hospital with a broken leg, and foe mo ther and remaining four children are now dodged in foe Walcha Cottage Hospital all: sufferingf rom neglect and cold. The Vjcfoidan Minister of Agriculture has, with foe consent of foe Cabinet, writ ten .to foe American Consul^ joshing him to communicate with the authorities at WasMngton, requesting foat foey would ! nominate an expert to devote Ms services to foe -colony for a-term of three years to ; teach tobacco growers all thpi is necessary.} in connection with tobaccoculture. At the Glebe C^ourfcon Thursday Alex, Davidson, of the "Broadway Club," was sentenced to a month's imprisonment with" ; hard labour for laying doubles in connec-\ nection with the -Warwick Farmracee. A protection - league: was:formed on 3 Thursday at Bathurst. Mr, Jas. Bather ford was appointed foe first president. The meeting was largely attended. At an inquest on foe body of a child who ] recently died at.Bran Island, Tasmania, an analysis - of foe stomach showed foftt^ strychnine has been plentifuUy mix^ with ; sugar given to foe child. » 