THE BISHOP'S FIRST SERMON. A PRACTICAL DISCOURSE. On Tuesday evening, at the Festival Evensong service held at fat. George's Cathedral, the Bishop preached and spoke from Acts, 5th chapter, 2Cth verse : — ' Go stand and speak in the Temple to all people all the words of this life.' He said that whatever it may mean to them, that evening was a remarkable one in his lii'e. He hoped it was in some measure an evening which they would remember, for if lie began that day to be their Bishop it depended in a very great degree as to how he began and how he would go on, and they could but admit that the conduct of their Bishop would be of very great interest to nearly sll of them for if he were spared by God's providence to have health- strength and vigour, and if he were given wisdom and understanding to rule over the diocese, there was no doubt that under that divine guid ance much good would result. And so to all of them that evening Ought to be of verv orait intfti-ftst. and of course, every one of them could understand quite easily it was of especial interest to himself. He could not help but contrast that evening with the last services he had in his own parish before he left it, and it seemed very wonderful that here, so far away, they were worshipping the same God in the -same words, singing the same psalms and hymns, and lifting up their voices in the same melodies to the Throne of Grace. And when he first thought of what lie should preach to them about that evening, any number of texts presented themselves before him. For example, there was the text in their evening lesson, which could not have been more appropriate, ' And when we were come to Jerusalem the brethren received us gladly.' If that was the case with the Apostles of old who were sent by their Master to preach the Gospel, it was no less true to-day. If he was writing a letter — the Acts of the Apostles in these days — he should thank God for being able to say that when he came to Perth the disciples re ceived him g-ladly. But now he had chosen a very simple text, because it would enable him to put before them dennitelycg-xa.ctica.Uy, what would be his endeavcf'jc tc preach to them as long as he Iras! -vto£|gst them. 'Go stand in the tempos, .rfad speak to tbe people all the words of h-s life.' It might he asked by seme why he & young man had dared to come from the old country to the new land to rule that diocese, and no one would dare do it unless they were under the command of the Holy Spirit, just as the command came in the old days ' Go speak to the people.' The Holy Ghost was not silent in these days as some people thought. Every man who felt a call within him to a certain definite work in life was spoken by the Holy Ghost, and he had no doubt he was spoken to when the call came to him from home to go and speak to them in that temple all the words of thi3 life. Now the first command of the text was ' Go.' It cams to every man not onlv to the clergy but to the laity as well. The second command was to ??' Stand' and he was afraid there were very few people who were bold enough to stand up for Christianity. The next command was to 'Spaak,' and although many people were fond of talking of the trifling matters of living, very few ever spoke on questions concerning tbe higher life. 'Go and speak in the temple' was the next- command, and there was no greater privilege than that ?which, the preacher enjoyed in this re spect, and he hoped those who entered the church building1 would never for get and pray a little prayer for the preacher that he might speak bright words and draw them out of their sias to the Master and learn the right life from him. Then it was commanded that they should speak all the things of this lite. There was a great difficulty with which they who preached fcai to contend. They were apt to get into one groove and preach only about onething, whereas they ought to preach to all the people about all the things of this life. Why ? Because they had a number of people gathered together time after time. One of them was full of sin and sorrow, one did not know how to £et the right idea; others were troubled, with the cares of home and of business and they all wanted comfort and strength, and the preacher must be a man of -wisdom and knowledge before he could impart it. The preachei's duty it was to set before the people an ideal in life. We were most apt to take a few passages out of the Bible, applv them to ourselves and leave out the rest. It was also the dutv of the preacher to tell tbe people* of the promises of pardon hereafter, but on the other hand that the soul that sinneth would die ' Be sure your ein will find you oat.' If duty was neglected either here or hereafter punishment must follow. We did not like to he*ir about punishment. We wanted to rise without an ideal. We wanted victory without battle, so it would be his duty to try and put before them all the words of this life 'just think for a moment ' said the rev. pre late. We are made in the image of God. He has placed us in this beauti ful world of His. How many of you are there who art trying to do any good. I can Bpeak absolutely freely because I know absolutelv nothing about the work you. are doing. So I ask — Blow many of you listen to the voice when it said ? go do your duty,' and « speak to the peo ple.' A great many people, the Bishop continued, thought Christainity had nothing to do with the ordinary everv day life. It had everything to do with it. It ought to make our everyday life grander and nobler, and should make us a. better people. It ought to make us better churchmen and church women and Christians to go about doing good. It had struck him that there was a, need of earnest people volunteer ing to do work for the Saviour. There were some who never heard the word of God from one month's end to the other, and there were those who were far away, would only be too thankful if Christaii f r...ple VonM speak to him. Were there none of the clergy who would be happy to help them ? That was just the message he had to deliver that evening. The command to stand and speak came to us. All of us were followers of Jesus Christ and were bound to do some good in our genera tion, and we were bound, if the message came to us, to go and speak, to say — ' Here am I ; send me.' 