CHAPTER IX. I In which Eve comeB upon the scene. Five years have- pas Bed since the curtain rose on the first scene of the little drama. It is Deoember once again. A cold, cheer less;-dismal afternoon, characteristic of oar English climate. Three winters hare come and gone in dreary succession since Eve— sad, aged, wan—a mere .shadow of her former self, heard the news of her husband’s tragic end. The tempestuous storm of grief to which she had given way was so violent and pro longed that the doctor began to fear for her health, and detecting Eve’s love of horses and of riding—the one amusement in the world that still retained an interest for her _managed to prescribe this form of exeroise. And this he did by half-forbidding it, and was rewarded by seeing the roses come back to her cheeks, her eyes brighten, her step regain its old elasticity, for in these depress ing wintry days Eve had taken to hunting again. . • Twenty miles from home, in an unknown country, with a jaded horse and a thin soak ing drizzle falling. The prdspeot is about as miserable and unentioing' as it conld be, and Eve, who has been in the saddle all day, begins to shiver audibly. To make matters worse, darkness is com ing on. The . wild; Sarrey uplands over which she ia riding are nffioiently puzzling at night to psiplsx srtn tbs fomters who hare been familiar wi&,every olnmp of trees and every thioket' from' their childhood. Almost in every dozen yards a new turning looms through the mist, here plunging into the blaokneaaof the beeoh woods or leading through a maze oF gone—gaunt and unoenny in the fading' light. There is nothing to guide her whatever. Etch, sloping track of grass and sandy path is like the other, and to follow its winding course might bring her back again to her starting-point without her knowledge.1. The apeotrsl shadows of the trees dipping dismally on to the bed of leaves beneath, thepungent odour of the soaking braoken, the damp, earthy smell of sodden tnrf and deoaying vegetation, the dreary, monotonous oliok ot her horse’s hoofs, as the poor creature splashes up '.to its fetlocks in the mad, add to the'depressing effect .and the mysterious feeling of aolitnde. Occasionally a startled rabbit darts aorosB the horse's path, nothing but its white tail visible, or an owl, uttering its weird, unearthly cry,: throbs past ghost-like in the nnroal atmo sphere. \- E ve is not the peVBon to be - nervous, but she is tired and stiff/ and a little bit cross, and the thought that she may wander about all night without finding a way oat of'this labyrinth of undergrowth, .or emerge on the wrong aide of the country is anything but' oheerfuL Something'of this is-in her mind,, when b^-and-bye etie becomes conscious that someone is following'her on horseback, r.nd does not know wkettfer to be relieved or alarmed. ' As the icotsteps come nearer.she ventures a look over her shoulder, and although no thing but the bare outline oi horse and rider oan possibly be distinguished in the gather ing gloom,- Eveiu her mind’s eyes sees at once a handsome, sun-burnt face and a pair of honest bine eyes, a rather decided set of features, with a small grey mouetaohe cover ing the upper lip, in a vivid manner rather startling to her own composure. She knows nothing in tho world" about this man, except that he rides as a sports man should, and has unooneoiously-given her a lead ail day over a stiffish line of country; but, as he apDroachea at an easy oanter, his proximity affords her a sense of protection that may, or may not, be Baffioi ent to account for a suddenly heightened oolonr that makes Eve look more like her old self than Bke has -done since her widow Just at this moment something nnexpeoted occurs. This broad sheep -walk that she has been following turns suddenly, and brings her faoe to face with a gipsy encamp ment, before which a huge fire is burning ohasrfu’ly, and throwing a lurid, uncanny gleam aorosB the tnrf. The sight is suffi ciently unexpected to Btarfcle even a well behaved and thoroughly weary horse, and with a snort of inquiry the little bay plants her forefeet resolutely, and is equally in different to-soothing caresses and several sharp cute from Eve’s Malacca riding crop. Now all this, which is very discomforting to our heroine, apparently .causes a good deal of eatisfaotion to the gentleman who has been riding behind her, and now comes upon the picturesque . soene, which he promptly decided wonld make an artist’B fortune. Tho ruddy glow, which is thrown ont in e. broad oircle from the crackling logs, falls on a grotesque group of men and women drying their steaming clothes by the fire, and spreads a brilliant stream of light to the plunging horse and the graceful girl, who is loaning forward in her saddle and doing her best to coax the frightened animal forward. Aiter watching the uneven struggle for a few seconds, with a smile of quiet amnso munt on his face, the new-comer, who bears an unmistakeable rosemblance to Mr Robert Delauney, rides up to Eve and offers to lead her horse past the object of its aversion, and is rather surprised to receive a courteous but very deoided “No, thank you,” in re sponse. Mortified at her want of success, and half indignant at the implied lack of faith in her powers of. horsemanship, Eve ia de termined not to give in, and after another Short fight she is rewarded (thanks partly to the admirable example set by Delauney s hunter) by taking the horse within a few feet, of the fire, and the next moment fiuds herself safely on the other Bide. Time has dragged heavily with Robert Delauney sinoe the soeno described in the last chapter.. A great many things have, happened. But, as men will, he has borne it all without an outward trace. In the first place, it was only through the fortunate evidence of the peasant, whose apparition on the mountain-side had startled him from hi8 misery, that he had been able to clear himself from the charge of foul play to the satisfaction of tho French authorities. It was as well for him, perhaps, that no one nnabl6 to read his heart knew what he had to gain by Loisel's death. He had pnid Lieutenant Boyd at once. That was inevitable ; bat he bad taken an oath then and there, that every penny of the money he won at Monte Carlo should bo handed over to poor Loisel’s relations. This, however, was easier said than done. Week after week spad by, and still he could find no trace of the Boldier’s history, except that he was horn at 11. Rue doe ChampB, in Paris, on Ocfcebsr 3rd, 1S62, and had tried to evade conscription. Of bis family not a word could be heard, nothing daunted, he determined to move heaven and earth till ho found them He whb in a position now to repay the whole, for the spirit of investment had smiled on him in the city. And tho debt weighed upon him until it beoame a harden almost too heavy too bear. Now that the terrible strain was over, he saw clearly that the money-belonged to Loisel. Nothing in the world conld have justified his intention of keeping his winnings on that memorable night in the Casino. He had behaved like a coward, and the shame snd misery of it all filled hie heart. Robert Delauney was a man of self control. But whenever he thought of that terrible moment on the Alps, when Loisel’s body had been dashed to "atoms on the recks below, he felt a criminal, and thought 'that all the world must kno w. Night and day the picture haunted him. His con science tortured him incessantly. At last he .began to look upon himself as Loisel’s murderer. In his heart he had wished the great catastrophe to happen—and almost before the thought was formed the end bad come. He wsb suffering as all men Buffer when they must reprnt. He took hiB punishment like a brave man indeed, and found some relief in the task he had .set himself, but nothing ccu'd lessen the weight. ' All his interests in life seemed abso lutely crushed. He conld never know what it was to be really happy again until he . had paid his debt. At last he had come to England- A friend of Loisel’s in' the regiment had heard him talk of a wife, who was left living somewhere across the Channel. Who conld tell that he might not hear of her, if he' only went on eeaiohing and searching. This evening, for the first time for many a long day, his meditations had been taken out of the gloomy groove which had become quite habitual to Delauney. . Little does he guess that his pretty com panion is the one person in the world who can bring him relief. For how in the world was be to know that Lqisel’sname had once been Elsley. In the meantime it has been • growing darker and darker up/on those Surrey hills. The rain begins to poor in torrents, and a strong wind is now sweeping in great gusts across^ the woodlands. Delighted with her achievement. Eve now turns to Delauney, and after thank ing him with charming condescension for his proffered assistance, begins talking is an animated way on'the prospects of the hnnting season . and other , congenial topics, while .the ticraeB jog along through the mire, glad, as horses always are, cf company. . - " . . “I have not the least idea where I am,”, observes Mrs Elsley. as they draw np sud denly where a broad white road intersects their path, and seemf to branch of in three dr four 4iteotionii : “Cm job tall me trhioh ia the nearest way to Meadow croft P” '■ “Mesdowcroft I" echoes her companion, ia evident surprise. “ Why, it ia fifteen miles from here, as I know to my sorrow,” and the next moment something hejeaya leads to the disoovery that for the. last three, weeks they have been staying practically next door to one another, and, yielding to the enchantment of the' hour, both are secretly glad of the pretext for continuing their tUe a lUe, It is later on in the evening., when they have halted for a moment on the crest of a little hill, and the lights of Mesdowcroft appear in a.wooded hollow before them, that Eelauney discovers that something is wrong with him. Wbab in the world, he wonders, can there be abont this girl which sets his pulses beating bo faat and his heart throbbing against his side. An indescribable something about her manner, an inscrutable depth in her merry hazel eyes, the bright fascinating way of speaking, the constant flow of fresh ideas, the straight for ward ring in her hearty child-like laugh—that is all, and yet he feels that he, confirmed old baohelor that, he is, has met his fate at last. ' And Eve? Well, her thoughts are i& such a tumult that she- doss not: oare tb analjsa them too closely. Only she knows that life has bagua anew, this evening, and when they reluctantly part at the Manor Honse gates (for. it is hers that Eve is staying), and Dalauney suddenly takes the little gloved hand she holds out and raises it to his lip3. he leaves her with a bewildering sense of happiness which she! cannot quite understand, and makes her go abont for the rest of the day on wings. Now. this being so, dear reader, you may be sure that their first meeting was, by no mariner of means, the last. And -long hefore the winter months slipped by, or tho hunting pur ties broke up in the houses at Meadowcrof t, a complete understanding had been arrived.at between them. For some weeks the joy of their new found lovo seems as if it can only, grow stronger, and cement their hearts closer together, A new world has opened before their eyes, a new life has begun for them, when one bright frosty morning Eve re C3ives an anonymous letter, every word of which inflicts a wound upon her heart, which she feels no power in Heaven or earth can ever heal agaia. It is written on a single sheet of paper in an unknown hand, but the words which blur before her eyes and make her sway backwards with a piteous cry are plain enouvh “ The man you have promised to marry is your husband's murderer !" (To be Continued.) 