TH?E --"ONVERS"R OF"" ENGLAND. -0-- IP APOSTOLIC LETTER FROM'I E .i POPEI a AUTHORISED 'tvANILATION. (FROcn 'TEa T ias,' AP RIL`2O . t SThe following i. the authoriediira slatio t of the ' Apostolic Letter of .Popiei eo 1I. l to ,the .English; People,' :which . hasl been t awaited with mniili iiuteirest for somne .time: t I'XIIII 'to the ,Ernglish pep le whoseek e 'the Kingdon of Christ in the umityiof the I %Faith? Healthand:Peaor in-the'LordF~· ' t USuoetime siuce, in anu Apostolic letter't C princes and peoples, We *addressed the-Eng- E lish in common -with other- nations,-bu. We. have greatly desired to do this by a special . leter, and' thus give'to0?the iliiistrious._Edg listh race atoken of our sincere affVction.=This - wish has been kept alive-bv the hearty gld will Wei have: .always ..feltt.- towards; your a people, whose great deeds iniolden times the f hitoriy of'the Church' declares. 'We were I yet more moved by not -infrequent conversai - tions with your countrymen, who' testified.to the kindly feeling of the; English towairds Us E personally, and above all to their anrxity for E peace and Eternal Salvation through unity of. Faith. God is Our witness how keen is Our i witih that soe' effort of JOurs might tend'to r assist and forther the great work of sbtain ijg the 'reun'fion of Christendoml; ad.We e render thanks to God, who has so.far.pro- I longed Our life thatgwe may " make am en deavour in'this direction. But sine, as.it is ( right,? We place Our.; confidence :of ii happy .1 issue principally and above all in the won- c dirful power of God's grace,; We. have with' t fill'consideration determined: to, invite all t Eniglishmen,- who glory in the-Christiannuame t to this same work, and We exhort, them -to lift"li their hearts, to God,. with. Us, to, fix their.trust in Him, and to seek from. Him a the help neces-ary in such a matter. by as siduous diligence in holy. prayer.. . i, t The love and care of. the Roman Pontiffs i for'Eiigland has been'i traditional froin the s days of Our lioly 'predecessor. Gregoty the. f Great. Religion and humanity generally,. and especially the English nation, owe him:a I deep debt of gratitude. Although prevented. I bytheiiiivie~'call? to y.e higher duty; from. I hisin.if unid~ertakling the" Apostolic lalour I 'of converting, the Anglg-Saxons,. as he had; proposed todo. whilst still. a Monk,. his mind remained intent upon this great and salutory: design' (Joann. Diac. in vita ejps c ii. 33) nor did he rest until it was accomplished. . For frbrii that monastic family which h head i formed in learning and holiness of life in.his oiii-5iouse he sent a chosen; band uide?itheli ]cd~irsliip'of ig.bistinetd b:thlie missengers of Graced Wisdom, and Civilisation to.those v iho were:still buried, in. ;Paganism., And telying, as he did, on 'Diidvi e help, his ho?e 4 grew stronger undelr'dificulty, until at length i he saw his work crowned w' ithi success.. Hoe himself- writes of this in tones. of triumphant joy in reply to St. Augustine, : who had sent. hin the news of the `happy result :-' Glory be to. God on high and.peace o0Earth to men of good will. To Christ be theglnrygJii whose deat h we live;? by whose weakness.we are Strong, in the love of whom We seek in. Britain those brethren, whom.'we know not;. by;- whose, Inercy We have? found those whom knowiug not.We sought. :Whocan tell; the. glalessthat filled the hearts.' of 'all here to know thait the English raceby, the workiugs. of:the Gri-a of God Almighty, anid by your laboulrs- ~ brother, has: bieeiiilluminted. by thelight .f our holy 2dith, which explels the Sd.itkness of error, aiid: hias with 'free iriind iitodden undeirfoot those idols:to which afore-. tiu'e theY wiere sulbject in foolish fear.' (Epist Sxi. 28; al o. 'ix. 58;) And congratulating. ]thell.*rt, King of Kent, and 'Bertha, his. Queen, in a letter full 'of ·affection,,in that they had imitated ' Helen,. of illustrious inemnory, and: Constantine,- the devout Em,. peror' (ib. c. xi; 6f;,al c. xi. Z9, al c. ix. 59), he strengthens them and, thei".peopie-with, salutory. admonitions. .Nor did he dease for the rest of hi lif to foster and.dev.elop,their faith in instructiois dictated., by:. holy. pr. dence. :-Thoas Christianity,.:which.thb Church, \- had conveyed to Britain, and spread and de-. fended-there against rising heresy,*'aften. having, been blotted out by the;:invasion of heathen races.was now by the caujeofr o egory. happily restored. .. r·:I:L"vingxiesol Fedt.to- adth'sa this:ietter, to, the Euglish:people, We recallat once'these gra'.t.aud glbrious ev.ents.in. thilannals.of the Chburch, which must surdy.: be remembered. 'by them with;gratitude. Moreover,.it is.note-. worthy that" thisi love' and. sblictiidi a of. .Gregory was inherited by the Pontifs.wbho succeeded, him. This is. shown by. their. Conr stant interposiion, in provmiding wiorthybp as.. tors 'and,'capable teachea, in' leariring both.I humana.nd divine, by. thibi' helpfil counsels, and by their afibrding in, abundant measure whtever' was necessary' for establishing. and.l developing that -rising Church.. And. very. soon was suchl.care-rewarded, for in no.othen case, perhaps, did. the . Faith take root so. ,.q3uickly, nor was so. keen and.intense ablove manifested towards the See-of Peter.. ?That the English rare. was. in those days wholly. devoted to tins, centre of OChristianaunity, divinely constituted. in, Rthoe-.Roan Bishops and that'iun.tihe couorse of ageser.of all ranks. '..were-bouud to themr.by. ties. of loyalty, ar9. facts too abundantly and, plainly testified by' the piagt.o-o: history. to. "admit,: otidoubt or. question.': - ' 1Bu't 'in thii- storms. Which, -divastated, Catholicity throughout Europe;-' in.the six: teenth centur~, England receivediggr.ieo ous, .-wound,; for it. was firstr unhappily wtac?hed, fro~ii'cumuinion6ilwith the ApostolihoSe, and. then was bereft of that holy. Faith,in. which, ,for long centuries.-it had: rejoiced and found liberty;: It w? a sad defection;. and Our ' preideessors'i -.hile- enting it :ii their earnest .oI eo?- - ..rudent effort to of ilwas most ,tflicf o Il? ist the.Pelgima'heireay which b:bad t.t r.ain, a s St f' :"'i of , i.,tain,,a writer of ,that time: an?!?ifter rd sec, etary to St. I0o the Gr% t,~e 'Ai'i . iii his hronicle - 'Agricola tie inns, tainted the'Churches of Britain ith the insiuu'ations of his teachin?'- But at the instance .of the deacon Palladius. Pope Cllie??il:a siq Ge-diiinus~ 'ishop of Aiixerre; as his'iiear (rwic, sua), r?id l dd ba'ek :.tlie BDitishi people to the Catholic Faith, having dLiri?, orutthe hel'tics.' (Mgne. BibL!. P. I. M. ProSP. Ait. OPP ol. ' u di pa. 59) put an end to it, and to mitigate the manyi b 'iiliisqnsetient upon it.. It would take long, ' and it is not necessary, to detail the sedulous ji and increasing care taken by Our predecessors '( in those circunistances. But by far the most ii valuable and effective assistance they afforded p lies in their having so repeatedly urged on ii the faithful the practice of prayer to God e that He would look with compassion on Eng land. In the number of those who devoted e themselves to this. special work of Charity n there were some 'venerable and saintly men, especially Saint Charles Borromeo and'Saint n Philip Neri, and, in the last century, Paul, 1 the founder of the Society of the Passion of a Christ,'who, not withoaut a certain iiiiviiin - tlm pulse. it is said, was ?instant' in iii-pjilicatiou it ' at the Throne of Divine Grace;' and this.all 't -the"more earnestly that the times'leeieediless G favoltrable to' the realisatiod of his hops., o We, indeed, long bsfore being iraised to'thi t Suprmine Pontificate, were deeply sensible also of'thh inifpor`tnce :ofholy.,Iayer offereda for thiscause, and heartily approved, of it. :o For,.as We gladly -re'ill": t th the tilne,when r we weire~NiiNuncio; n 3:1Be iui becoming ac, t quainted with ian Eglishiman, Ignatius ( Spencer, himself a"devout: son lof the same s St. Paul of the'Crosso l li? l~sid befodre'us the c project he.hadalready initiated for extend- ti ing a society of pious people to' pray for the' retura of theiEnglish natiou to the Church.t a -We can 'hardly say. how cordially. We I entered into.this des;gn: wholly' inspired by I Faith. and Charity, and how; We :helped for- ji ward this cause, anticiating that the English e Church . would obtain abundant assistance- o thereby. Although the fruits of Divin-Grace. t obtained by.p'rayer had previouslymanifested. g themselves, yet as that holy - League spread. v they, became notorious. Very many w Ire led. E to follow the Diaine Eall;, :and among, them:' not a few men of.distinguished eminence, and. q many, too, wholinidoing. sohad to make per,. c soiil'afid heroicsacrifice~ Moreover tlihere ( was a wonderful drawing of hearts and minds a towvards Catholic ,Faith?: 'and prcitice, wwhich,I c rose.in public respect and esteem, anpdmany.• a long-cherished. prejudic?.yielded, 'f-the- t forceof truth. Ihe old i?'t akll this,;We do'notondt?i b that thi united', aid "lhimiible supplicaLions' iofs?ni t iny to .Gopd'air hasteiiingthe tim~'tofurthi t~ manifestiitions i of; '`His. mirciful desigins towaids the EriglishKpeople whn 'thie Word s bf the Lojrd iiiay rMn.and 'be'glorified '(Thes.. iiiI:).? Our confidence is streilgthened by, observiiti~h elegislativ.e and other 'weasures_. whii;f, ifthe do iot p,' erhaps, directly, still. do iidirectly, 'helpfcifdrwai& the diud 'we: hiave I iii view by ameliorating' the condition of the i people lat.large, by'giving effect to the laivs of justice and charity. . i i ".. We:hase heard with singular joy of: the great:, attention which i. beiig. 'gieien iPj I ~Eigl;iiidotheriteQolu tii of.thibooial'qudSitio n of' which "We have treated withi much' care ' in Our Encyclicals,;i:iid of the.establishineInt ofibenelit andisimilan societieswhereby onia Ilegal, basis, the condition of' the working classes.is "improved:. And Wetha~e heard.of' the vigorous.andLpersevering.efforts made' to. .reserve for the people at large an,education based on neligious teaching-tha', which there; is no.firmer foundation, for, the. instruction, of youth.and; the. maintenance of' domestic. life and, civil polity. ;: ofi the.zeal and: energy' with. which, so. many engage-in forwarding' opportune measures for the repression of.: the degrading:iceof. intemperance ;: of' societies. formed. among: the- youngmen. of thea. upper.' classes for, the promotion. of purity of" morals and for sustainining the honor due. to woman hood,: F:or,'alas, in.regard to.'the: Christian virtue-, of coptinence pernicious, views are subtlj ?reepingjin,.as thoughit wer beieved that a man. was.not-o strictly boufid byl. the precept as. a womain., Moreover,. reflectii.. meniare deeply. conceraned.at the apreai. of RationalismaudMaterialism, and: We our selv.eshave often 'lifted up Our- voice to denodu;o: these evils',. which weaken, and' paralyse. 'not Religion. only. but the very springs ofthbought and; actioin.' The highest credit ,is'dQi to.those.who fearlesly and-. th ceasingly p'rclaim: the-rights of God 'nd~;i of Our Lord 'Jesus Christ, and' tho.:laws, and Steachings.given by Him for. thde: establisli meit of: the.' Divine King~lom here: upon earth:; in, the which . : tea~chilngis.' alone,. strengthi, wisdom andlsafety are to be found. The variou's and abundant' manifestations --of" care.for thetaged, for osphans,for: ini?tribls, Sfnr'tdledestithut., tie' refb?gs, reformatories, :aundother,.foi's.of"chi',itty, "all whichi the . Church.as.a teniler Mothes:inaugurated. . and' froni.'theearliest:times' has'ever inculcated as asp.ecial duty,. are evidences. of the spirit .w.hich ariiinates y?nu.. .Nor... can We .omit to. mention ',pecialy i the 'stct public obser vance ofSunday and. the, general spirit of: Srespect for the HBly. Scrdi -.turs." Everyone. knows: the power ai?d:' resources, of'. the' BI ritish nation and, the civi4lising, influence \ which with the spreil4bf liberty ti'cioriidanies .its.commercial. prosperity even.- to' the .moost zemote regions.. But worthy: and,: noble in i theniselves as are iall.these anied rmanifesta tiois.of.E:activitiy,?Oir soul is raisi.d to? the crigin ofi all power.and. thi.:. per&inii;' soUrce o?oall'good things,':- to: God. Our'/ Beavenlyl. E~ther, most beneficent.. For-the. labours of man, whether :"piliJlci-:?or. pra""tewill not Sattain. o their full efftiacy withoikt appeal to. GoGd in.i prayer nd w.ithoiit the Divini Blesse- . in.g:. 'LFor happpy'iii tha pdq~le'irbhdse God is.the.loid'" (Ps.ecxliiil 1)." '.F:~oir?i'thei mind: L Sof: the~ Christian. .should:. be.so. turned..anI 'l fixed that he places and' rests.the:'chief ;h6iI of. his.nndertakings.in the Divine help- ob-. tained, by prayer,, whereby human. effort is superiaturalised, and. the desire.: of 'doing SgoodJ,as.though. quicikened& by.a.hea-i?;nly fia, I manifistsitself in vigorous and::serviceable ,actions, In this.power o prayer God .has not merely dignified man,. but .it~htiiifinite mercy .has givea him a protector and help'il the timi.of need,. ready at hand' to "1aili, easy and.: void of effect to;: no ote!A:who. has resolute, recourse to it.: ':Prayer .is otur, powerful weapon;,our great proteitio,, ,our, storehouse, our port of re~fuge; our place Qof si, sety.at (Cbrys. Hom. 36lia Gen), ;:.:; Buit ifibh p'rIye' of the righisoinalia rightly avail so: much 'with Go: d 'even in. eaithly concerns, howH'iuch .nore iwill.it n~t aMail onue who is 'destiied ';toil aan eternAl :existence for obltiiifig.those spiritual: bless ins's which Christ has p rocuriedfor ianLikin4 , t qrpose he specially. recoti mend.e thu?Iail Mary," and. obtained fromn tlheGe.etal .hiepter of : his Order, hield in SRione in 1857., a. special injunction:uon. its I -. .b , :.ers by 'the sicrainmen of His mercyi .:For He a , Who of: God is i.iade unto us wisdom and e justiree. and sanctification :and, rdeimption' (1 Cor . 20), in addition to what he taugil t instituted, and e-ffected,L gave;, also ?foc: this d purpose the salutary precept of prayer aund: in His great goodness cofirmed :it byh Hi t example. . n These simple truths are,.indeed,'known to 1 every Christian, but siU lbyy -naiy, they. are s neither remembered noi yalued an they 1 should be. . It is for this reason je insistt the c morastrenuously on - the confidence which should be placed in paayeri ,and 'recall the i words and example- of the Fatherly love 'of r thl;same Christ Our Lord ; words of deepests .t import and highest encouragement j word i uilso which sho.w forth how in. the counsels ? l God prayer is at the same. time the expression i of our helplessness.and the .sure hope- of ob- i. taining thettrengtA, we, need. ' And 'I say. to you,, Ask and. it shall be givenh yoiu; .seek and'you 'shall ind, knock andit; 'shall b ji t opened to you;: for ,,every one that: asketh, receiveth; and he :that seeketh finideth and to hinm that Ikniiocketh. it shall be o0pened'i (Like lxi, 10). And thle.So ofn Gof d im i self shows us thatif our prayers are to:be: a- E ;ceptabie to the Diine Majesty they must: be iunited to.His name and Merits..? Amen, amei` hIts 1to yoau it. yon ask ighe j'athtr. ianjthingý in My name, He will gie.:it:you. t Hitherto you. have not asked any thing inmiy ti rianame. Ask and.you shall receive,.that: your t :joy may be.fnll' (9ohn xvi. 23-24). And H I Ienforces this by. reference to. th:tendeit; l vei .ofparents for their, children ' If ypn,?then;. Iv being- evil,' He. says, ' know, how.i to give, good. gifts.to youir children, how mnuch moroe. will your. Father.from Heaven?gi,:e the goocdt Spirit to thetw.that ask:rim' (Luke 4i. 13); "'iAnd how: abundant.are not'the=choikegifts I co lintied in,th-.goodiSpirit.: 'ie: greatest i of them all isthat-, hidden p Power of; which Ohrist spoke :when4 RHe': said.-i..No man, can, coie 'to Me exiept the Father who, sent Me. driw him.' (John vi. 44).' ,t is..iimpossible'that? met: grounded.in this: teaching should inot- feelfdrawniand even im-. pelled.to.the habitof faithful prayer. -. With, what steadyperseverance will lthey npot prac7. tise itS;:withb:what' fervour pursue, it,hiaving; beforcithemnithe.very example of. Christ ;Him self': Who,'hasing, nothing to.fear'for-Himi-. self and iee'ditig inothing, for He-=was God,. yeti passed tfiwhole night inijrayeer ( suke vi., 1.), and w.ith:: a strong.: cry and tars offerii;tip pi-ayer and supp!ications-(E eb. v'., 7), and, doing, this. Ha wishes. to. stand pleiadi g:'.efore H"is.Fathlier as if remember ing ati~hat time that He~iwas; our' teacher,' as "Venerable Bedef that ornament. of your I nationt wisiely considers..(in ev..S. Joauui x xvii) But nothing proves so clearly;arid forcibly both the precept and.Oiur Divine Lord in re 1ard, toqprayer. as. His last discohrsee to, the. -postles dauring- those: sad:mnomentsthat pre ceded His Passion,. when raising. His eyes to Heaven;,He again and,again.- entreated His Holy Fither,. praying. and. beseeching:Him for.-the most intimate-uniorin of: His. diciples and' followers iin the truth, as the most con:. vincingevidence to.the world to the Divinee. missiobn.on, whioh' ;e: wawa about to send. .them..: .. ... And'. here. no,thought is. more welcome-to iOur-soul than tibV happy, unity. of Faith and 'wills. for:.; which: our Redeemer: and,.Divine Master prayed in that earnest' suIplication - a unity ,which, if useful at alli times even for temporallinterests. both. at. home and abroad, is shown by the very. divisions: and. confusions of'these dayvs to +be more. than- eer needful.. We on Our parts, watching the signs of'the tiines, exhorting~aid taking thought for' the foeture,. urged' thereto. by .the example of'" Christ and theduty of Our Apostolic Office, hlve nit 'deased to pray, irnd. 'still humbly pray; for .the return of.Christian nations, now divided fromrus,.to the unity of former days. We haive miorthan. one o?f?late years given, -expression £d'this object ofiuir desires, and have devoted sedulous care-to,its reahlsation. The time cannot- be -far.distant- when We imhnst i.pear.t:ri render an.t'aiounit" of Oute Stewai'dslii. 'to the.Piiiice.ot Pastots, andh ioiv hapy.a h'oWlbl~esiedl shoild We be.if We could bring to?Jijm some fruit- som~ i r~ealisar tion of' these Our, wishes. which: he has in? I pired ,andi sustained. nl'. -these days- Oun, thoughts:. furn. rith: love an'dliope to the English people, observiiin" as We do, the lfr'qeileit r.dd inanifest works.oIDBi.inie G'ace in their midst;.hOBw to acme, it is. plain, the conifusion of religin diseiision; which div~ide :'them ista cause oi deep concern ;:how others see cleaily;:ith?need ofrssxe defeniice against the inroad of:modern.ereors. which'only. too Sireadily humour thde wishes o? fallen nature depraved reason ; how te hdinberi odf these i religious'' andldiscreet :.men, iwhi siiicerely lathcir :inach for.reunion. witl~-the Catholic Church, is increasing.. We can hardly say how.st~rogly these and? other signs .quicken th iiarity of jctrist in Ua, and redoibiliig One prayers from, Our inmost soul We.call Sdown as fuller, measure ofr Divine.Grace which Spoured out on, miuds. s w.ell' disposed,.: may !issue in the. ardently-desied fruit, the frui t Iamely. that Weall meet into, the unity of Faith and of the- Knowledge oftthe Son of, Gd (Eph..iv 1.3), careful to. keeI the bnity, of the Spirif. ~ithe boid of peacef one bodyi and one Spiritva-utl you are called .in. one hope.ofyour calling- onif Loird,;on faithone Ibaptisu. (Ib., 3?-5). : With loving hearts then.We turntoyo?all iii England~-to- whatever., cowmunit-.or insti Itutioun you may beloihg, 'esi'ing to recall -oU to.this.holy uniky. : We beseechyou, as you value your eternal . salation,, "t'i offer up humble and cogtinubus prayer to God Our .Heavealp,. Father, the.Giver of allLight, who, with gentle power, impellJ us to. the good.and the right; and without :ceasing to implore light to know the; truth in all its fulness, and to embrace., the,.disigns. of. his mercy with single and..entire fait.fuJness, calling upon 'theS'gloriou's niamiie indmerits of Joesus Christ, SWhoi~ .thte aiuthor: and: finisher of our Saiih (~Heb.xii.. 2), w.ho loves the Church 'iad delivered Himself for it that he might adtify it,-' aiiid might present to Himself _ glorious' Church., (Eph. v. 25,7..) Iiflicul -'tiessthere may. be for Uas to face,. but they are' • i:i ofit. nateui whibih hoiid. delay, our 1A Aypoostolic zeal>f? ?your energy.. h, no \- out:"the-4:iiy" iciynkiig s that . havse cone' i about, and time itself :liiv h. 'calsed the' .existing divisions-to:take deeper root. BUct lMti hat alreason.to give uoIall lhop of ierdedy, ' reconciliation,1 iad; peace I, B~t go means :if n .:God is with us. For we must not jlidge of ist chl great issuds fromu a hin'an staiidpoint ionlyi but ratler wmet we look to, te::Pow.eC and ulercyof God.. In ;great and arduoug ti enterprises, provided they are undertakeni a: with an eaiiiest aid iight iiittnt God stands: p by mani side, ;and' it is precisely in these tl difichulties that the action of?is Provideuice a shines- forth with greatest splendour. The., 1 time is not far idistant l'wen 13 centuries will hav' beien coimpleted since the fi English race welcamed'ithose ipbsstolic, ien a? Ifent;as:We have said, frointhis=very city of v Rome, and- castiug aside- th pagan deities; t dedicated. the first- fruits of its faith oChristi f our.' Lord` arTd 'God .Thisi encouraigi es our hope. 'It is, indeed;: an eveut worthy to. be rememibered with publie thanksgiving; would c .that this occasion might bring to" all' reflect-. ingg mirLs thee mnemory of the faith, then., preached to.. your ancestors, the same which is noiv" preachedL-Jesus Clhrist-yesterday. to-. a .day,. and tho'si'nie for'ever; as thie: Apostle a says.(Reb. xiii. 8), who.also most opportunely a exhorts. you, 'as. he does all,. to. remember i thbse first preachers:' who ,have -spoken. the word; of God,', to you whose faith folow, coni sidering ,the . end of' their conversation, In;such a cause We ,first of all, call tb Our a assistance as Our Allies the Catholics of-Eng- i lani?, lwhose-faith? aid piety W~i know. by ?ex perience;,?: There. .can: bo. no doubt that, I weighing:earnestly'the.v.alue of holy prayer, c the virtua; of ,whici we 'have' truly declared, I they. wil, strive by. every means, to-'succour ' their.-fellow-couutry nien.atid i'bethienrby i- t vo?ing-in their behalf the Div.ine-"clem?ncy. To ,'ay for oneself is a; ,iteed,. .to pr for others is a counseh of b~rotherly love :; aad it is.;plain..that, it .is:- not- prayer dictatedbil: necessity so.much as.that inspired, by frater iial chiiarity which will:, find "most favour in the sight.of God,. The. first 'Christian$ un doubtedly adopted. this fractice. Especially in.all :that pertains to, the gift of' faith :the' .early ages set.ussa.striking example ThUs it was the customi to pray to God with ardour that friends, relations, ruleis, and fellow-citi. zens right be olessed by a mind. obedient to., the Christian'faith. (S. Aug. do.dono persev. Aidin regard to. thin ther.e is another. :matter. whici ?ives.Us :anxiety . : We'hav.e.: ,heard that in,England there are some who,. beiing :Catholics.in' nanie.do nnot.show them-. .selves in .practice ; and that' iin, your.great. -towns. there are.vast numbers ofi people who. know iiot the'elemeiits of the Christian faiths twho.never pray. to God; and live in ignorance Iof.is justice and His mercy.. We must pray. to,God, and pray yet::more, earnestly.in this. sad condition of things, since He alone can, effect a renmedy. May- he showi the measure. proper to. be: taken; miny He. -sustain,the. jcourage of' those who labour at tiis. arduous .task ; may~ He deign to,. send laborers intoi His. harvest. * Whilst` e. so: earne~tly press upon Our. 'children the.dity of prayer We- desirenat the. same- "time. 'that they should, 'not sufibr athemselves to be. wanting in.nything that pertains to the gra!e anid'the fruit.6df prayer, ,that they. have ever before their mindsathe ;precept otfthe -Apostle 'Iiul to. the Corin thians :.-- - without offence to the Jews and, to.the Gentiles. and to ..the' urch of God. (1. Gor, x. 32.) For besides those interior dispositions of soulnecessary for rightly'offer ing prayer to G id, it: is '-also6 ieedful'tlia t they .shobld be 4ccompanied by..actions and' by. words befittiiig the-Qhristiah profession-_-'. first of all ? and chiefly,':the exemplry oh-. servance of uprigltnessi ad justice, bf:piti-i 'frlneissif6o thepoor; of penances of p.ace a'ndI' concord in. your own - houses-: of-? respect -foj the laid-these are whati will giveforce and ec.acy:to your prayers' Mercy favours the .petitions of tho-e who in. all justice stidy and carry out the precepts of?: Christ, according to fis'.promise :: 'If your abide in. iMe, and Myowdrdsabidein you, yoiu shall ask whar. EverJydoni will and it shabll be done unto yony (John. xi. 7),. And therefore .do we exhort you that, uniting your' prayer with Ours, your. great. desire mity now ;be thatfGod will 'grant yo'i to.: welcorie your: fellow- citizens. and brethren in: ihe bond of perfect charity. Moreover, it is prolitable to implore thte-help of the.Salints. of God, the effieacy of W.hose .priayers, speciallyin such a cause as this, is ;showa in, that pregnant remark of St. Anugus :tine as to St..Stephen :-If holy, Stephen.had: not prayed, the Chuirch' to-d'ay, would have had; no Paul. We therefore:humbly call. onSt. Giegory, whom the English hiave even rejoiced to greet' as:the' Apostle of.their' riace on Augustine his.discipied his:messenger, and on those other. Saints.of God, through whose. wonderful virr. tues:gt;ifilbnoless wonderfu l deeds Englaiid has,' merited the title of lland of. the Saints' ;. on St, Peter and St. Gaorge, tliose speciali' kpations, and above alil on. Mary, the Holy-i M~ther of God, whom Christ -Himself from,! I thei Oross left, tpibe the nother :of umankindii to :whoimn your kingdom was dedicted by Iyour forefathers: under that glorious title: '-The Dow£r. of Mary.' All these with full donfidence?T e call upon. to be Our pleaders "befoie the. Thione of God.that, renesing the. glory of ancient days, He-may ":fill you with. Sall joy and peace in believing; that you may" abound in hope and in the power of the Holy-: Ghost' (Rom;. xv.:13)... Cure should be taken, thtth ie prayers for unityalready established.i a.aimoagst you Cathidics on" certain :fixied.daysi :.shouiddbe made more , populir a'nd" iecittd. with greater devotion.-: Especially that the. 'pious.practice of the Holy Rosary~ which \we . Ourselves hats? so storongly recommended,. L summary of the Gospel, teaching, and has gl-. .vay.s been a miostsalutaLryitistitution for thie. .people at large. Moreover, W'~i ar pleased of'Our oin will and authority to.add still.. another to.thesaciredl:ndlulgences which have., \- been granted from time to'time by- Our pre decessors.' We grant, that is, to all these wh6. pidiosly: recite ,the: pryier appe'ided..to thii: letter, to whatever nation itlhy may belong. San. InidJgence - of 300- days moreover, a? : pleiary indulgexce 'once- a imnth ointhe ubI.. servanco of tlieusial conditio~i: to those who. Shave e recited it aily.. :. : -Finally,- nmaythe Divine prayer of ?hrist, i Hiiisel.:for 'uniitiy fill up the fiul:measure of.i: 'Our desir.es, a 'pni~yer whih on this day, s"throu-gbh the :i??te~ry of His. most ;Holyi ' Rt su'rertion, ! We erepeat .witlh the utmost ' €fi6 diiitia . : "H0oly' Father :kIeep? theni in.; SThy.lRmi whom nThoi l hast ov en, Me: that t they inma be: one as :\Wealso one. . " Santify h ,i thrit ,? j Thy word is. truth. .. .. . d not £r then only do L: pray,. f but for temnI also who; tihrough themiiword t shall hlieve in Me, tlhat all may be one, as. " Thou, Fathierj in. M1e and 1 in. Thee that they. ay be oae in s. . . Li i Them i and ThoudinlMe, that they may e inade. plerfect *iu:oneind tli" world may know'. that Thou liast-si Ait Me, ind hast loved lie. i as Thoa liast also loved Me.'--John, xvii. 11, S17, 20,91. 23) . . . SFinally, We desire all manner of blessings fron God. for the whole' of the British people Sand with all Our heart We pray that those who seek the Kiugdom of . Christ and salva tionin'the unity of faithl may enter on the -fJl irealisation of their desires. ,, Given:at St. Peter's in Rome on the 14-th April, 1S95, in.the 18th year of our Pontifi cate. To the Blessed Virgin. i . : rayen or England. i.0 Blessed Virgin Mary, Mothen of God and our most gentle Queen, and. Mother, look dobwn iinsmercy upon England thy 'dowry." and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in: thee, By thee it was: that Jesus Omr Saviour and.-our hope. was. given, unto the Sworld ;. ancd He has giveni thee to.us that w.u. nmight hope. still more.. tPlead for us thy. children, whom thou didst receive-and. accept at the foot of the Cross. Osorrowful: Mother intercede for our separated; brethren, that I with us in. the one true fold they may- be Sunited to the.Supreme Shepherd,, the Vicar of thy Son'. Pray for us alk dear MDother, that b y faith fruitful in good works w.e may all Sdeserve to see and praise God, together. with. \- thee im our, eavenly home. Ame4.. 