literature. THE PIRATE TEN: A SALT-WATER ROMANCE; By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A? Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' '?The Frozen Pirate,' 'The Death Ship,' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XL— (Continued:) The Queen lay like a beacon of light upon that sea for the stranger to steer for and within twenty minutes of the ship having been hoye-to there came floating to the vessel, shining like a fabric wrought out of the lights of the deep, a large powerful cutter, shredding the dark brine into gleams and froth. Down came her great mainsail with a roar of hoops. and whilst a strong voice was shouting- for an end of rope the clever little craft glided close in under the counter, where she lay with three or four men. in her, all looking up. The moon light flashed her white planks into ivory and painted in clear colors the figure of a man standing near the mast with a portmanteau beside him. A fellow, letting go the tiller, ran a few steps and shouted, looking aloft at the crowd of faces upon the ship's quarter — ' Is Captain Benson there ?' 'Ay,' said the captain slowly, 'what do you want ?' 'We've brought off a gent who wishes to be put aboard.' ' Where is he?' eaid the captain. ' Here,' said the man who stood beside the portmanteau, advancing to the rail of the cutter, 'I beg you will allow me to come on board.' 'But what do youwan£ sir?' shouted old Benson, glaring suspiciously down at the figure that was dressed in a black coat and light trousers and a soft dark hat; he was clearly no official. ' You will not ask me to call out my busi ness from this low elevation, sir.' After a pause. ' Throw a ladder over the side,' sung out Captain Benson. The man seemed to shake hands with the fellow who had ran from the tiller, some thought the gesture looked as though he gave him money. He gained the deck swiftly, clawing up the steps with one hand whilst he held his portmanteau with the other. Captain Trollope passed him close, humming; a few others brushed by him also in ? silence, all ?whilst he stood for a few minutes on the deck fetching his breath. But even in that time, whilst the captain, mates, and passengers were waiting for the stranger to approach, a fellow in the bows of the cutter let go the rope's end ; you heard a halloing of some sailors' song as the gaff of the cutter's mainsail mounted, and to the astonish ment of Captain Benson she was off ! leaning from the breeze, fretting the silver under the counter into a wake with the fellow at the helm bawling out, ' A good voyage to you.1' The mate stood a moment looking idly on, then sent a bull-like roar to the cutter to re turn and stand by the ship till it was seen what She passenger wanted. A growling ' No, no' rolled back through the damp night breeze and the cutter grew dim in the silver haze of the night. By this time the new arrival, grasping his portmanteau, had walked aft to Captain Benson, vigilantly and distrustfully eyed by several of the male passengers as he went ; in deed they followed him and hungclosetocatoh what passed. You could almost read by the light of the moon, the stranger's figure and face were as determinable as daylight ; he was rather short and rather nlim and wore long whiskers of a pale yellow. He was very white and his dark eyes glistened in their settings as ~ he rolled them round upon the people. _*' I do believe,' whispered Mr. Dent to his wife, whilst he bobbed his head with intent eyes at the man, ' that he's James Murray.' ' Do you mean the manager of the suchand such a bank ?' she she, giving it its name. By this time Captain Benson appeared to have recognised him. ' Why you're Mr. Murray, hain't j?e ?' ' That's my name, captain, and if you will step apart Til give you my reason for desiring to sail in this ship to England and my excuse for liecoming a passenger in an irregular way.' ' ' What does he want to say ?' muttered Cap tain Trollope to Mr. Davenire. ' Is one small portmanteau all his luggage for England ?' answered the other. 'I think I recognise an acquaintance,' ex- claimed Mr. Murray, and he extended his hand to Mr. Dent, lifting his hat at the same time to the colonial merchant's wife. 'Get way upon the ship, Mr. Matthews,' said Captain Benson, and with little courtesy or ceremony he said, ' Step below, sir.' Mr. Murray, picking up his portmanteau, followed the white-haired skipper down the companion steps. Captain Trollope and one or two others lurked in a heedless offhand way round about the open skylight, through which they were able to look straight down into the cuddy. But Captain Benson and Mr. Murray eat out of earshot at the head of the table where the captain's chair was. The old man fastened his deep-set searching eyes upon his companion, who was certainly paleand a^tated ; but then to be sure the situation he had placed himself in was an extraordinary one. He was a man of about forty, and pulling down one of his long yellow flowing whiskers be spoke thus : — ' It was only the last moment, Captain Ben son, when in short it was too late to book a passage in your ship, that I received a letter from London requiring my immediate presence at our office there. It concerms some enor mous piece of rascality and I am the only one in the Australian employ who can help them.' P '%Vhendidyouget this letter V asked the captain. 'A ship from London arrived last night — what's her name again ?' 'The Magician?' suggested the captain. ' So, ' said Murray. ' ' If her mails were not late in delivery, at all events my letters did not come to hand until noon. Unfortunately I was out on business. When I returned to the bank and read the commands from Lon don your ship had started or was about to start, I was determined to take the first ship and a clipper and immediately hired the cutter, Wooloomooloo, to follow you, giving myself no time to bring off more luggage than what you see there,'' said he, pointing to his port manteau. Captain Trollope and Mr. Davemrp. came into the cuddy and Trollope drank a glass of water. Davenire carelessly hummed. They looked searchingly and suspiciously at Mur ray as they passed him, pausing on the steps as though but to catch a single syllable. ' But all this is very irregular, Mr. Murray,' eaid Captain Benson, whose formal sea preju dices were working in him as though they ?would rise to a passion. ' You could have taken the next ship, sir.' ' But, good heavens, captain !' cried Murray, ' you know very well what the detention has been tlj rough desertion ; a chance for sailing from Sydney may not liappen for another month.' The skipper's mahogany countenance re laxed, for tbia was the truth, as he knew, and it was .1 good excuse, too. 'Of course, sir, I pay you your passage money nil the same as though I had booked at vour agents,' continued Murray, pulling out a notebook well lined with sovereijms and Bank of England notes. 'The matter is extra ordinaiy, the case quite exceptional. You shall hear all oi it *s we go along,' he continued, poori&g; oo* Ids words with an oily nuenoj^ ?under which lie captain's temper was entirely unable to ireeak. Any cabin forward or aft will do for ma and of course I pay firet-class fare. Can I have something to eat now, sir? I am starving.' The passengers were beginning to leave the deck when the captain rose. He called to the steward and surlily bade him to find Mr. Murray a lied and provide him with some refreshments ; then went on deck. It was five bells ; half-past 10. The passengers had hung about above, unwilling to intrude, but they had come to want their grog and biscuits at last and some of them were sleepy. ' A strange business this,' said Mr. Dent, meeting the captain at the head of the com panion steps. 'What brings Murray away in such a hurry?' Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Shannon, who stood by, lounged a little closer. The captain briefly gave the colonial merchant Murray's story in effect. ' Wouldn't the chasing of a clipper ship in a cutter O3 considered a rather lunatic scheme ?' exclaimed the blackf aced Mr. Caldwell, joining in. ' Why, in anything of a breeze this ship would be twenty parallels ahead of that cutter in a week.' 'True, sir, I don't understand it,' answered the captain, and he slipped from the little knot of people and walked to the wheel, near which stood the mate. Mr. Matthews was moving forwards, for wherever the captain takes his stand there the deck is sacred — Within that circle none durst walk but he. But the sldpper softly hailed the worthy fellow and he returned. Oh, what a glorious Pacific night _ was that through which the ship was then sailing. The captain and mate stood aft, the ink-black shadow of the helmsman swayed slowly with the play of a pendulum over the gating he stood on; the planks of pearl ran forward vacant, save that a couple of figures talked together at the port extremity of the poop sunk in shadow there. The ship shone with light and was as fair to see as a meteor of the skies as she rippled along her course, leaving a luminous dust-like wake behind her. 'What was the next ship for England?5 said the captain. The mate named her. ' Was she well forward ?' 'She onlv wanted men.' 'After all,' said the captain, looking astern, ' foreseeing the weather and guessing our dis tance Murray showed smartness in capturing us as he has. They should reward him at home for bis promptness. How many bank managers would have exhibited this activity ?' ' Tve never seen him before,' said the plain spoken mate, 'and I don't like his looks.' 'He showed money in plenty for his passage. A passenger's looks no more concern a ship than the cut and color of her figure head. He arrived starved and frightened, sir.' 'With a little portmanteau for a long voyage, sir,' said the mate. The captain grunted. The mate certainly sometimes exhibited an unreasonable dulness of mind. Mr. Mathews was again about to move forward. 'Have you any acquaintances among the passengers, sir?' The white-haired skipper was of the old school and sir'd a man with the pomp and persistency of old Sam himself. 'No, sir,' answered the mate, 'I believe Mr. Poole knows one or two of them.' The captain made a step to the skylight, looked down, and watched for a moment in silence those of the passengers whose figures he could compass as they sat at table sipping and munching. They included one or two ladies, and Captain Henry Trollope showed in bold relief and so too_ did Mr. Masters and Mr. Burn, who was drinking bottled beer. Sounds of laughter and talk arose. The captain made another step and caught sight of Mr. Murray squaring his elbows at a tray of refreshments and talking eagerly to Mr. Dent. He re turned to the mate, who awaited him. ' Some of our gentlemen passengers,' said he, 'appear to liave seen hard times.' 'And hard drinking, sir.' 'The goldfields soon toughen a man into rough looks they say,' said the captain. 'A few of them appear as though they knew the ropes. I caught one castiug as sailorly an eye as ever a seaman directed at the set of the ship's sails.' He paused and then made some reference to the ship's course and the promise of the weather and went below, leaving the mate to trudge out his solitary watch till midnight. Chatteb III.— Thb Bank Manamek. Next morning the wind was off the bow, a head wind, and the seas ridging at the ship in rich sparkling lines of violet and lace, when the passengers came on deck after breakfast. They found the second mate, who had charge of the ship, standing at the rail with his arm round a backstay gazing with the idle eyes of custom at a large figure of a whale thas was swelling wet, black and gleaming, along the course of the ship half a mile away to windward. It was a fine sight when the huge bulk rose and fell with the motions of .a ship, bureting the glittering heads of brine into snowstorms, whilst as though it pulsed its way along with a steam-engino inside, it blew a tall spout, which arched like a feather when the weight of the wind took it. Mr. Haukey stepped half-way up the poop ladder with a pipe in his mouth and said to the second mate, who stood just above close by— ' Do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of & camel ?' ' By the mass, and 'tis like a camel indeed,' answered Poole, grinning. 'Methinks it is like a weasel,' said Mr. Hankey. ' It is backed like a weasel,' exclaimed the second mate, laughing heartily. 'Or like a whale,' cried Mr. Hankey. 'Very like a whale,' answered the second mate, -with the tears standing in his eyes. Mr. Hankey nodded his appreciation; pro bably this was the only second mate then afloat who could have Poionius'd him 60 aptly and quick. He raised his foot by another step to command with hia eye the platform of the poopand said — 'Did you ever hear of a man chasing a clipper to get a passage ?' 'There are plenty of instanoes of belated passengers overtaking vessels in small boats and otherwise/' answered the second mate, looking aft to see if the captain was on deck. ' Wnat would the cutter charge for such a job?' 'A hundred sovereigns, every penny, and perhaps a heavy consideration on top if the chase was successful.' 'All for what?' said Mr. Hankey, looking at Mr. Murray, whostood alonerightaft, staring at the whale. ' Hah J' said the second mate. 'And one little portmanteau,' said Mr. Hankey. 'Oh, that would be nothing, sir, when a man's in a hurry.' ' Do you smell anything like a rat?1 said Mr. Hankey. The second mate's grin instantly disappeared on his catching sight of the captain. He stepped aft, backwards, as though to command a clearer view of the mainroyal, and Hankey, seating himself at the foot of the ladder, was joined in a very short time by Captain Trol lope, Davenire, Burn, and Masters. There was a uniformity in the variety of this group of smokers that impressed the eye of even the second mate, when, having satisfied himself that the mainroyal was properly set, he re turned to his place at the head of the poop ladder. He had known Mr. Hankey merely as a passenger when outward bound and in Sydney had partaken of some friendly drinks with him. He had understood that his uncle was a lord in Holy Orders and undoubtedly Mr. Hankey was a gentleman. Yet, what was it, he thought, that made that knot of fellows beneath him, so various in their attire, alike and yet alike V Scarcely their military bear ing, though they had that, some of them ; he ?was puzzled and scratched the back of his bead and looked right aft over the stern at the lovely delicately-troubled blue of the sea there; but once looking he continued to look, then to frown, then to strain his sight. Muttering to himself, ''By gosh!' he walked aft, touching his cap to the captain, whom he thus addressed — 'There's a steamers smoke right astern of us, sir.' The captain sheltered his eyes with his hand. 'I believe I see it, sir,' said he, and looked at the faint blue film through a telescope. The second mate walked forward. 'What's fhe old man looking at?' 'said Captain Trollope, rising to the height of the ladder and addressing ifr. Poole. 'There's a steamer coming up astern,' answered the second mate shortly. His duty as an officer in charge forbade him from eon versing with the passengers. Captain Trollope descended the ladder in quick recoil and said in a hoarse, low, eager voice, 'There's a steamer coming after us,' on which every man knocked his pipe out and went on to the poop. A steamer in the days this story belongs to was a real curiosity in those seas. A manof war with a funnel might now and again be met, sometimes with a foreign color at her mizzen-gaff ; a few, but a very few steamers communicated between Europe and the Aus traiias. Hence the apparition of that smoke hit ing its fibrous height higherand yet higherabove the blue sea-limit, caused groat excitement fore and aft. A steamer it certainly was, not the smoke of a burning ship, as Mr. Murray suggested, 'because, sir,' said the captain, looking at his pale face and yellow whiskers keenly and doubtfully, as though his old fashioned prejudices still viewed him as an in truder, despite the fifty guineas the man had that morning put down, 'burning ships lie still and yonder smoke is overtaking us.' ' What vessel can she be, do yon think V said Mr. Dent. 'There was no steamer at Sydney when we left.' ' Except the tug,' said Mr. Burn, who had pressed forward, speaking with a strong beery accent after a breakfast of bottled ale. There was a general laugh. The notion of a tug being all this distance from her port was unusually rich and original. The cupper broke Her way somewhat due gishly through the flowing lines of head sea, fiery with sunshine. She was off her course, half the main-royal was aback and every weather leech lifted at each light plunge of the bow. Her paoe therefore was comparatively small and es the breezes of the night had for the most part been faint and fluctuating the distance she bad already made from Sydney was not great. It was a noble, inspiriting morning; the wind was of a rare softness, chargea with some aroma of ocean, which might liave come sweet ?with remoteness from the giant kelp of the Antarctic circle. An awning shaded the poop. The Jacks forward filled the eye with the various business of their voca tion ; the maindeck ran from the quarterdeck white and ,clear; the 'Queen' carried no steerage passengers. From time to time a cow lowed in its Htall, hens cackled, and pigs grunted. It was hot ; who could realise the ice and blackness of that Horn which the ship was by-and-bye to pass in the face of the trembling bed of light through which she was bruising her way ? Extraordinary interest was manifested in the smoke astern by many of the gentlemen passengers. They did not trouble the captain with questions, but talked apart. Mr. Murray, on the other hand, '.had been a little impor tunate till the captaingave his arm to a lady and marched away. He had wanted to know if she was likely to prove a steamer from any other Australian port than Sydney, or was she a man-of-war? Was it conceivable that she was bringing more passengers for the clipper? He looked anxious and about ten years older than when at breakfast. Captain Trollope, Davenire, and one or two others of the set viewed him curiously. ' I don't think,' says Trollope to CaldwelJ, in a low, mysterious voice, ' that he'd fire a magazine as an alternative.' 'We keep too near the cust country,' ex- claimed Mr. Hankey, looking at the smoke, ' ' I daresay some point of it is still in sight from the masthead.' 'Gentlemen,' said Mr. Storr, joining them, rubbing his hands, 'this I think promises to be a voyage of excitements.' 'What took you to Australia, sir?' said Captain Trollope, looking down at the little man over his big moustache. ' Business,' answered the auctioneer. 'Did pretty well, I hope?' said Mr. Masters. 'I did not dig for gold,' answered Mr. Storr, with a sarcastic glance of suspicion at the handsome but decayed young fellow. ' And so you did pretty well,' said Captain Trollope. 'Ha, ha ! That's sheer betwixt the ribs of some of us, Hankey.' Here Mr. Burn diverted the attention _ by arriving with Miss Jlansal and the ship's telescope. The gentlemen crowded about the good-looking young woman to point the glass lor her and Mr. Masters begged her not to shut the eye which she applied to the tube. By this time the steamer had risen to the height of her boxes, disclosing a lean, dog's-eared funnel that vomited a black fat coil of smoke twenty miles long and one pole mast forward, on which some signalB were seen to be flyingr, but as the colors blew fore-and-aft they could not be dis tinguished. There was no doubt now that her business was with the clipper. Indeed Mr. Dent, after looking at her through the telescope professed to recognise her as the tug 'Bun- garee,' of Sydney. A mirage lifted her and she looked closer than she was. But she was splashing after the ship at eight knots and the clipper was barely doing five, and presently she was showing her small squab hull fair upon the water, with the figures of men visible on the bridge and flags still streaming at the pole mast, but dumb as a sea-tongue through being on end. Captain Trollope looked for Mr. Murray ; he had disappeared. The barque was luffed till way was almost shaken out of her. It was a moment of great excitement. The chase of the cutter had been notliing compared to it. Twice in twenty -four hours to be pursued ! Old Benson was puzzled. The traditions of the ocean seemed all awry. Three weeks' detention in Sydney Harbor through desertion, and, now, when fairly away to be checked by a species of pursuit unpre cedented in liiB experience ! However, it was clear enough the steamer wanted the ship. The second mate liad managed to spell out the flags which, in M&rryatt;'s Code signified ' Im portant, must communicate.' ' Bring the ship to the wind, sir,' said Cap tain Benson to the officer. She was a small clinker-built boat with green paddle-boxes and the foam fled from her sponsons as the foot of a cataract hurls into its cnauuel. Three men stood on her bridge and as she came alongside with a beat of paddles that, with the arrest of the wheels, sank into a sullen roar of water, a man in a white wide awake and long lean yellow face and linen jacket, hailed from the bridge. 'Ho, the 'Queen : ahoy !'' ' Hallo !' sang out Captain Benson. ' Has e'er a stranger been put aboard your ship since yer sailed from Sydney ?' 'Yes, sir,' shouted back Captain Benson. ' Was he put aboard by the cutter ' Wooloo mooloo f ' The captain lifted his hand. 'You must allow me to come on board, if you please,' exclaimed one of the men who stood upon the bridge ; ho was dressed in a sort of uniform, a bell-shaped cap with naval peak, light cloth braided jacket of military cut. The captain of the steamer shouted down her call pipe; the paddles were manoeuvred, the tug dre\v close alongside, and watching their opportunity as the slight swell rolled the two vessels to and from each other, the official looking individual and another sprang on to the barque and came aft. ' Good gracious me !' exclaimed Mrs. Dent to her hufitsaud, ' it's Superintendent Fox.' The other might have passed for a Bow street runner. His nose was like the end of a bludgeon, the left eye was twice the size of the right, and as he stepped aft with the superin tendenv he gazed with a grin of ragged black teeth round upon the people. \et he w&a; some sort of official too to judge by his clothes. The superintendent walked right up to Cap tain Bensotf and said quite audibly — 'You are the master of this ship, sir?' 'That's so,' answered the captain, puffing and straddling, and firmly settling his tall hat. ' I am here,' said the other, *' to arrest Mr. James Murray, manager of the such-and- such a bank, Svdney, for embezzlement.' 'Lor! said the captain, 'what's the amount, sir?' ' Seventy -si;: thousand pounds !' Captain Trollope whistled long and low. The fellow with the horrible grin of teeth turned slowly and looked at him. ' ' It seems qs if others, are to have the inn ings,''' said Mr. Caldwell, in a hoarse whisper in the ear of Mr. Cavendish, who was staring with his congenital grin, made loathsome through the projection of bis upper lip by his eye teeth. ' I don't see my man,' said the superinten dent, running his eyes over the group of pas sengers, following on with a level, penetrating stare at the seamen forwards who had struck work for the moment to gaze aft. 'Go and tell Mr. Murray he is wanted, bit,' said Captain Benson to the second mate, who, knowing where to look, ran down the companion steps ; he was instantly followed by the superintendent and his assistant. Captain Benson remained on deck. The passengers talked in whispers. The sensation was profound. Mr. Mark Davenire and another went stealthily to the skylight and jjeered down ; their ears seemed to enlarge as they strained them. It was about 11 o'clock in the morning. The sun was shining with a strong heat and there was a sense as of being in harbor with that tug lying close alongside panting in her heart ; the blue water slopped noisily between the two vessels as they rolled at each other, and Mr. Burn leaning over the rail seemed to forget what was going forward in the ship in laughing at the tug's helmsman, whose; thm shape shot out of a pair of com passes into a mere pellet of head, a mere rope of onions, the least on top. 'This state of suspense is dreadful,' whispered Miss Mangel to Mr. Shannon. ' What will they do to the wretched man 'f 'Put him in chains,' answered the ship's surgeon, who stood near. 'The brutality of it!'' exclaimed Mr. Shannon, with a face that was suddenly dark with passion. ' Did you ever see a chain gang?* The girl with a shudder answered that she had seen men on railway platforms in England linked together and that had been a sight that sickened her. Mr. Shannon was about to speak when he caught a look from Captain Trollope — it was a look of menace, almost of fury ; it had but the life of an instant. Is'ext breath the tall soldierly- looking nian seemed to be listening at the companion-way at what was passing below. All on a sudden up rushed Poole, the second mate. ' Where's the doctor ?' he shouted. ' Here,' answered the ship's surgeon,' 'You're wanted, sir !' The surgeon ran after the mate into the cuddy. The captain's teak-colored face be twixt its fringe of white hairs took a resolved hard-weather look. He walked apart from the passengers and strode in short excursions beside the wheel, guessing a fatality and awaiting its report. What was the doctor wanted for ? the pas sengers wondered. Had Murray stabbed him self, shot himself ? — no ! They'd have heard the report of a pistol in that scene of deck sub dued by alarm and expectation, whilst on high all was still but for now and again the gull-like cry of a suddenly-jerked block. Mr. Storr, standing beside the companion hatch, faintly cried 'Good heavens !' and made a quick step out of the way. In fact the com panion ladder was then full of figures rising clumsily with the. dead weight of a man's body. There was a general recoil and most of the ladies went hurriedly forward. ' By Jove, he's killed himself !' said Mr. Dayenire. The lifeless body of Mr. James Murray was passed through the companion hatch in the triple clutch of the hideous rogue of the black teeth, the superintendent, and the Becond mate. They put it flat down upon the deck right in the way of a ray of sunshine that flooded the convulsed face, which looked alive with the movement of thenjuscles. tChesurgeoa. dropped a large silk handkerchief over the dreadful countenance. _ ' Is it a fit, sir ?' exclaimed Captain Benson, coming along smartly on his rounded shanks from his sacred walk near the wheel, both his loose arms jerking with agitation and temper. ' Poison, sir,' said the surgeon. 'He was too quick for us,i: said the superin tendent, with a surly look at the corpse. 'Did he poison himself?' cried the captain, who unconsciously formed the centre of a crescent of jwssengers with one very white face under Mr. Storrs straw hat. The superintendent whispered to his ugly mate, who rolled below and returned with the dead man's portmanteau. ' He had come prepared, said the surgeon to the captain. ' But with what T demanded the skipper. ' Prussic acid.' 'A surer trick than the bullet,' whispered Hankey to Masters. ' It makes no mess certainly, said Masters, looking as coolly at the body as if it had been a fish newly landed. 'Do you carry it back with you? said the captain. ' Ay, sir, yes, along with that, replied the superintendent, pointing to the portmanteau. 'Then for God's sake, cried the old skipper, with angry toss of both his tins, ' ' take :em both out of the ship at once, sir— take 'em both out of the ship at once and leave us to proceed. Is that a sight for ladies?' 'I should be obliged if a sailor or two would help us,' eaid the superintendent. They contrived it t-y placing the body on a grating covered with a piece of sailcloth that the ladies who lingered on deck might not continue to be shocked. They passed the dead wretch through the gangway and watch ing their chance cleverly launched grating and figure to the paddle-box of the steamer, where the thing was caught, the body removed, and the grating returned. 'Is it all right with you?' sung out the captain. ' All right, sir,' answered the master of the tug. But no hand was flourished, no signal of farewell exchanged. It had been too ugly a business to admit of any sort of kindness. ' Only this very morning at breakfast,' said Mrs. Peacock, with a working face, to Mrs. Storr, 'he was talking to me most affably. He knew my husband well. I find it impose, sible to think of him as a villain.' 'I find it harder to think of him at all,' answered Mrs. Storr. ' Only imagine ! he was talking to me and my husband this morn ing about his intention of settling in London and of buying a house through Mr. Storr. His voice trembles upon my ear still. It is now the voice of a ghost. I am thankful the sun is up.' 'Trim sail!' cried the captain. 'Round with that maintopsail smartly, Mr. Poole.' His command was re-echoed by the second mate with the voice of a young lion. In a minute the poop rang with the yeohoheave hoing of pulling and hauling Jacks. The tug splashed her paddles heavily alongside, floated ahead, and curved away for Sydney. The sun sparkled in splendor in her broad race of foam and the light sea tossed it and the bright breeze whipped it into many glittering frag ments of rainbow till it looked like a stretch of flower garden in tow of her. The breeze had freshened on a sudden without shifting its quarter or blowing up a rag of cloud ; when sail was trimmed the clipper took the brilliant gushing of wind as a liorse starts to the touch of its rider. She heeled her three shining spires with their flights of steady wings between ; the sea flash broke in smoke from her weather bow. The v/liite water swept in a smooth silky seething- alongside. 'He paid 'his passage money too,' mused the old skipper, pausing at the companion hatch, with nis deep-set eyes fixed upon the receding figure of the tug. ' A cheaply-earned fifty guineas and not his to spend either. So Ijsuppose ? '' Here the old chap gayo a start, remembering the time, and a few rumutas later he had re turned on deck and was screwing the sun down to the sna with an occasional glance, in the intervals of his observation, at the line of smoke astern, and a look once or twice at Captain Trollope and some others who stood in a knot at the lee mizzen-rigging deep in conversation that hummed with wary under tones. (To be continued.) 