MOLLY RILEY. JN OLD FRIEND IN NEW ATTII5E, It came like an impassioned serenade in the clear night air, across the sylvan glades of the Fitzroy Gardens. Listen ! Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-lev, I lo»ovo yon-u, Tell me Mol-ley Rt-iey does your heart beat true, Mar-ry me, my d&r-ling;, I'll die if you say no, And my gbosi will come and haunt yon, Mol-ley Riley. The swinging waltz refrain of theaone waa insinuatingly sweet. It clnnptothe memory like the emoke of incense to a garment . Be- sides, one had heard it so often before. One; heard the newspaper boy hQinming it at the. top of Bourke street : — "Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-fey — - Hlrald, sir 2. 'Ere y'are, sir — yes, sir, 6ft 'disliun thank ycr sir ; (piano) I io-ove yew Tell- me' Mol-ley Ri (forte) Heiiat,t> I Fift' 'dishun; (piano) Tell me Mol-ley Riley does yes 'art !ere, air, I'm the hi ycr al'ways gets yer 'eraxp from, not 'im ; right y'are, air ; (piano) Mar-ry me, my dar-lta1 "—and so on ! Then everybody one met would persist in chanting Molly Riley. The milkman hummed it, so did the butcher, so did the housemaid as she washed the doorsteps, so did the policeman on his beat, so did the sub-editor as he dashed his merciless blue peucil through your choicest paragraphs ; so did the compositor who set up the mangled remains of what you knew to be almost classic litera ture. It is supposed that the very judges on the Bench have caught the tufection and have hummed Molly Riley as they turned over the worm-eaten pages of cilf-bound expensive tediousness they are pleaeed to call law. 1 don't know how long I bad been eitting on that seat in the gardens when I saw two figures coming towards me through the gloom. One was the figure of & youth, the other that of a girl. Tbo youth wasdresped m a dark blue satin bicycle 'suit and had bright golden hair, and oh ! such a figure ! such grace ! such suppleness ! such elegance of limb and carriage of head ! I think 1 had seen the comely youth before, at a certain pantomime I wot of. He kissed the girl under a trutn tree — I couldn't help knowing i)3 did if, though I turned my head away— and as he toft her the lass tripped towards mo. Somehow I knew that she waa Molly llilev. As she gave me an arch, saucy look, I felt justified in R'idreeisiag her. 44 Miss Riley, I presume," said I. "Miss Molly Riley/' . 41 The same, sir," she replied; dropping me a curtsey. 44 1 have heard a great deal about you, my dear," I adtictl. 41 0!i, I dare say you have. I am pretty well known all over the British Umpire, X uclieve." » ' Dear me ; you don't say so." " Oh yes. 1 am the buroinc of the song of the day, you know. At thiss very time I am being sung about on hundreds of stages in thratrcs in Eagland and Ireland, aud the British colonics. Ob, I can tell you, they all know Molly Riley. I believe I nin as well known &b; Queen Victoria. I pride myself 03 being the idol of an Empire. You arc surprised, but you ii&ve; but a poor concep tion, I fear of the popularity of a song that catches on. Wiiy, I'll be boand that if you were in Loudon at this very moment you would hear the little boys in the street ting, ing 41 My ghost will conic and haunt you, Molly Kitoy." Vou would hear the eunie in Dubliu. in Cork, in Manchester, in Ediu. burgh, iu Glasgow, in Liverpool, in Binning, ham— just as you hear them singing theeoug in I lie streets of Melbourne, and in .Sydney. I tell you, Sir, that Molly Riley ia a preat character — an universally diffused per sonality." 14 1 should like to know more about you. Miss Molly Riley, and where were you bom 44 Ah, that's another story. Let mo whisper in your car." Sbe put her dainty lips near to mc, so that I could taste the eweetuess of her breath. 44 1 never die !" 14 What !" "Listen ! Do you remember the scng of Daisy that used to be enng last year ?" Did I remember Daisy ! I hummed the air to her : — 44 Daisy, Daisy, give mc your answer true, I'm half crazy all lor the love of you. It won't he a stylish marriage ; I can't afford a carriage. Rut you'll look sweet On the seat, 0/ a bicycle built for two." Molly clapped her hands with glee. " t am glad that you remember me in that form," she said. She canght iny look of amazement, and explained herself. "The truth is" -aha said, "that I change iny form ouceaycar, at least;, sometimes inore oltim. . I.iiud that the peoule get tired of me after a time." " Madame," I said, " I don't believe I could ever get tired of you. You arc altogether charming." " Thank you ; but you ee my Empire is bo large, so, in order to hold tny away'' knowing the fickleness of the- grcatpnblic, I- change my form my name and- my tune frequently. 1 was Daisy last year, a year or two ago I was known everywhere the English language is song and spoken as Annie Rooncy. Do you reniembpr me in < that form? Shall 1 sing you the refrain ?" 41 Oh, please do." She burst iuto silvery song, J 44 SheVtny sweetheart, I'm her flo !' J She's my Anuie, I'm her -beau Soon we'll marry never to parL , For litstle Annie Rooneyle my sweBtbeatt!"- Ah,' said 1, ' £ recognise you Again — of course I do. -The -badness of your Englieh %nd the strained nature of your rhymt is un - ' mlstakable. But how many -eh'anges you muBt go through !" : Yes, I reincarnate about once a year. Ai soon as I find the people getting tired x»f me in one form, I put -away, dress up afresh turn- on a fresh tuue, and Again oonquer all hearts. A ∨£tiina ago there was a rage for coster songs so I put on a i Oh, 'Liza dsar'hftir' LiOh''l<iiCcdchf Uhte9« - '-<J j . r?Owd'f eriancy 'awkiDs Jot yer other1, j 2 . .. r.pime.r; 'i/r y,\ i, pfora I was Sweet Katie Gonnor 4 befnejktif w&Bho-; Maid of the Mill years IffoIwasSweet Belle Maboce." . ' . i4 Bot etop a minutt.. g <1 remember ! rightly jHrfh Ite-Maid of the Milhand Belle Mahone died. -How can you have, been »< corpse-?'. t j .Ah, that's que of my littlo tricks. 3Toa see, thc pnbHc is ometunea tiffiicted with amatory morbidnesB,. and likes a love song _ with a post-mortem tinge. When that is so. I adopt a 'nice "tuntr and pretend to be dead. Of course, ai'is only my fun. I come op smiling aain next year in another shape, -to a waltz terrain and a'flkvor of ktating abbut my.venro and so T win'myway 'again into popularity."/' 4 ' . 44 Dear me, all this is very interesting. Mies Riley, -or ftooney or Connor, or Daisy, or Mahbnc, or whatever your real uame is." jShe laughed heartily. "But can you tell me what name and tune you wui adopt fiext year? I should like io know iu ad- vanoe, you know." " What about copyright !" she said with a business air. 44 Ob no, I'm afraid I can't do that unless yon promise you will never reveaLanoteof.it." 'lproaiiBe on my bpnor." 44 Tnen I'll sing .you a verse of thooong F am preparing for mvieK and which every body will know in a few months." She tuned up her voice, shook her ekirta for& dance and commenced to sing— it was awfully sweet aud winsome— when, and-» rienly— I felt a heavy hand en my shoulder, and a gruff voice in my ear. . Irubbed iny'eye5, abd, looking up. found "a policeman standing over me. I waa very cold. It was past midnight. I suppose Jl must have been asleep aud dreaming. Molly Ritoy waa nowhere to be seen. 