Adelaide: Fkidat, SIakch 29, 1895. TELE FARilHERS AND THE RE 0IPRO01TY TREATY. The Premier probably regrets that be was not thousands of miles away from Hobart when he concluded his famous clandestine provisional treaty with a New Zealand Minister — not with New Zealand. At heart he mast feel that he made a great mistake on that occasion. His action was an uustatesinanlike blunder, and a blunder committed at the worst of times. At the very moment when tha representa tives of the colonies on the Australian continent were debating the best means of securing a mutual alliance Mr. King ston was arranging, with an agent from a colony beyond the continent, a scheme under which South Australia would be even more isolated from her immediate neighbours thin sh6 is now. Remorse for this unfriendly performance should be sufficient to move Mr. Kingston to re gretful expressions, but the chief source of his disappointment must be the dis trustful and unappreciative way in which his muoh-vauntad pact is re garded in his own colony. Doubt less this reflection assisted in making him uncomfortable yesterday whilst a deputation of Dr. Cock burn's consti tuents protested against the treaty. These gentlemen were naturally enough animated by self-interest — a ' f estate of their case which Air. Kingston turned against them, with characteristic adroit ness — but numerous other colonists, individually diiintereated, are forced by convic'ion to adopt conclusions similar to those which the deputation urged upon the Premier on Thursday. Annoyed and depressed by this knowledge, no wonder that the Minister sought to extricate himself from an embarrassing position by a speech which was a curious admixture of inaccuracy, sophistry, bluff, and self contradiction. The self-contradiction took the form of a practical defence of fr-e-trade prin ciples. Ia itself this advocacy was satisfactory, but coming from Mr. King ston it was astonishing. When the Premier appeared on Wednesday upon a certain uncongenial public plat form he huuiorously alluded to an enquiry addressed to him by a candid friend — 'Is Saul also among the prophets ?' That question may well be repealed when we see the gentleman who has plumed himself upon being an Arch-Frotestionist declaiming against the folly of the State in fostering exotic industries. Mr. Kingston was in ldS7 a prominent member of the Govern ment \vfiich did more in this very direc tion than any other Administration has ever accomplished in South Australia. The tariff of that year provided most unmistakably a legislative stimulus for exotic industries. We are, of course, in agreement with the Premier ir. his ex posure of an essential fallacy of the Pro tectionist argument, and we trust, now that he has apparently recanted his nsca] errors, to see him bringing forth legislative fruits meet for repentance. An exception) tiowever, must be taken in connection Kith ons part of his free-trade declara tion. In predicting the results likely to follow the removal of intercolonial barriers he stated that one would ba to seriously handicap South Australian barley-growera competing with those in Victoria. Such remarks as these are not apt to enhance the federal movement in public estimation, even if they do not indicate an unworthy parochial spirit on the part of those making them. Federation can never be upheld by shred-and-patch arguments. The great dominant fact in relation to the whole matter ia that the all-round gains from federation — the gains in corporate free dom and in unfettered commerce — jrillin the end far outweigh the individual losses temporarily incidental to it. The deputation protested against the ratifica tion of the treaty with New Zealand on the ground that if effect were given to it their occupation as growers of barley would be gone, because they could not compete with ISew Zealanders. Re garded from a national standpoint this representation amounts to a confes sion that barley-growing in the district concerned ia a failure, and any logician would advise the deputation to devote their energies to some other pursuit. But the men who spoke yesterday have undoubtedly a grievance when their case is viewed in the light of 'the settled protectionist policy of tha country.' They have to pay more for their machioery, amongst other things, to enable colonists engaged in the production of those articles to secure a bonus, and yet their own partial quid pro quo is to be with drawn. Apart from the strictly econo mical aspect of their position, they have some claim en public attention when they complain of having been deluded by the Legislature through a Customs tariff into incurring special expenditures to conduct an industry which they imagine chat the same Legislature, by means of the New Zealand treaty, will now destroy. The mo3t impressive feature of yester day's proceedings was the coolly confi dent fashion in which the Premier spoke of the treaty as though he believed there was some reality in it. If Mr. Kingston . has not been convinced to the contrary by his observations here, that conviction should be inevitable after he has read the numerous protests which the mere idea of the agreement has evoked in the New Zealand newspapers. There seems to be not a ghost of a chance of the treaty being accepted by the Wellington Parlia ment, and BIr. Kingston's obviou8 attempt to indicats that South Australia is to get tha better of the bargain is not likely to check the New Zealanders' depreciation of the trans action. The Premier still talks as if he fancies that the treaty will be a help to federation and a thing beneficial to tb.9 South Australian, winegrowers; but he must be jesting. ' Free trade,'' says he, 'is a corollary of federation.*' Yet the treaty declares that for 6even years this colony shall not do certain important business on equal terms with any other Australian province. How, then, could South Australia federate with its neighbours if the New Zealand agreement were ratified? As for the position of the vignerons, it might be an immediate advantage to them if they could secure the whole of the wine and fruit trade of the island colony, in addition to the business now done by them with the other parts of Australia. Already, however, residents of 'Victoria and other colonies are adopt ing practical measures to retaliate upon South Australian gardeners and wine makers. Supposing that treaties were made in Wsstern Australia, 'Victoria, Tasmania, and Queensland, for instance, against our wine3 and fruits, would not the producers of such articles lose more through being shut out of those places than they would gain from being admitted without competitors into N&w; Zealand ?? As euredlj, and the peopla indicated deserve to be credited with more acumen and foresight than they would possess if they were deluded when their position under the treaty was misrepresented by the Premier, either in optimism or in diDlomacy. 