A REAL GHOST STORY. A PSYCHICAL ADVENTURE AT HAMPTOH COURT. At last the reproaoh of tbe Peycbieal Research Sosiety is taken away. It has always been the joke against them that they, who seek psrseveriogly the spsotral ex periences which otbors would only be too glad to avoid, nover nucceed 10 getting a ghost to take any notice of them.' The mere presence in a haunted houe of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked In it ; for, aa Mr Lang puts it— When tne glum lleiesrchers como The bruiejol boifiw-t'o! But at last better luck his attended thom. In tbo lorthcoming number of " Borderland" the assieUnt editress, a lady woll known In " psyobical circles" an Miss X , tolls tho following tela of a night ebo lately spent at Hampton Coart, It will ho ecen that the spectre was not only proof against the dls- coutaging itifluenoes of tbe S P.R-,butwas not evea frtghtennd away by an article on Bimolaliam. A toogh ghost this SI.REPISO IK A UAUKTBD ItOOM. I rocenily foood mysolf the guest oj a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roams in Hampton Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty, but eomowhat peculiar in arrangemont, and lighted ooly from the roof. The folding doors woro locked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other aide, and a wardrobo on the inner- The bedstead was a small ono witbonr onrtains ; indeed, the room oontalned no hangings whatever. Tho door into tbe room opened so near to the hotd of the bed that thero was room boiwoen only for a very small tablo, upon which I took care to place two long osndles and a plentiful supply of matches, being somen list addicted to late and early reading. I est up in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Farror'e problem, "Shall wo Degrade our Standard of Value?" in the National Review. When I finished tho artiole, as the cloek struok half- pass. one, I coosidored myself absolved from further responsibility, and put out my lights, aod was asleep before tho next quarter sounded. Nearly three hour later I was suddenly awakened from dreamloss slumber by tbe saund of the opening of a door against which sotr.u pleuu of furniture was stauding, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered tho est, and tried to coucoivo by what kind of ' rampaging" eho could contrivo to be so noisy. A minute later tbero followed a thud, apparently on thin side of the iolding doors. "A dreii fallen In tbe wardrobo," was my next thought, and I strotohed out my left hand for the matoh-hox, asa preliminary to in quiry. the touch or A SPECTRAL JTAKD. I did uot reach tbo matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid ou mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in biocknesj and silence. I had th» aeusation of a prcseaco In tbe room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should bo spoken to, I said gootty, "Is anyone there « ' Cau I do anything for you?" I remembered that tbe last person who entertained "the Ghost" had said "Go away, I don't want you 1" and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better masoers and be kind. However, there was no aoswor— no sound of auy kind ; and return- ing to my theory of tbo cat and the fallen dress, though nevertheless Influenced by tbo rscolleotlun of those detaining fingors not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on tbo edge of tbo bedstead, while with my left arm extended I swept the surround ing space. As tbe room Is small 1 thai fairly woll satisfied myself that it oontalned nothing unusual. THE APPAKiriOM AND ITS LIMIT. I wes, though somoabat perpUxed, about to grant mysolf license to go to sleep again, when in the darkuees bofore me there began to glow a toft light. 1 watched it increase in brightnoes and io extent. It seemed to radiate from a central poiut, which gradually took form and became a tall, Blight woman, moving slowly across the room from thu folding doors on my right. An she passed the foot of my bed I felt s slight vibration in tbo spring msttrcaa. At the further corner eho stoppod, so that I had timo to obiervo her yroflle and general appearance. Horfaco waa Insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty, fivo years of uge, her figure slight, hcrdroia of a dark soft material, having a full sturt and a broad sash or soft waistband tiod high up, almost under tho arms, a orosioil or drapud kerchief over the shoulders, and tleovos which I notioed fitted very tight below tho elbow, and hair wbieh was dressed ao as not to lie fist to the bead, either in cnrls or ' " bows," I could not tell whiuh. As sba appeared to stand botweea me and '.he light I cannot speak with any certainty as to the oolor, but tbo dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this dofinhivenoss, I perceived tbe figure to be unsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking ones more, "Will yon let me help yon ? Can I be of any use te you ? " THE (iUOST kneels akd disappears, My Toiou sounded preternatural!/ loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She atoodstill for perhaps two minutes, though it is very diffioolt to estimate time ou such Occasions. She then raised her hands, whioli ware long and white, and held them before h6r as she sank upoo her buses and slowly buried her face In tbe palms, in the attitude of prayer— whoa quite suddenly the Ugbt went out and I was alone in tbo durkness. I felt that tho sceso was ended, the our lulu down, and hud no hesitation iu lighting the oandio at my side. I tried to oxumiuo the impression the visiou conveyed. I felt that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gontlo resignation. There was no forou, no passion ; 1 had soen a meek, sad woman, who hod aucoumbed. I begun to turo over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one— a bad man of the worst kind, a bid fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Regeuoy— I thought of the secret passago in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate romance. " Thio will not do, hero and now,'' Ire- flboted, us tho clook siruok four, and as an aet of mental discipline I returned to my National Review. From Miss X'a descriptions the ghost seems to be an unideotified speotre, at least a century later than tbe wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queene of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup posed to be the oriy speotral occupants of the Pal aee. The Duke of Athol has 23 titles, the Duke af Hamilton 17, tho Dukes of Argyll and Bucdough oa:h 16, the Mar quis of Bute, ID, and the Duke of Aber- 