THE SPANISH ARMADA. THE CONCLUDIEG SCENES. The Armada had been ostentatiously a religions crusade. Tce preparations had been attended with pr coliar solemnities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to be the execu. tionof Divine justic~ on a wicked princess and a wicked people. In the eyes of millions whoso convictions were lets decided it wasan ap peal to God's judgment to decide Letweoen the Reformation and the Poy e. The Spaniards were experit needsailoro ; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that reason of the year need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. Oa insuiry, how ever, it was found that the condition of the fleet was seriously alarming. The provisions placod on board at Lisbon had been found unfit for food, and almost all had been thrown into the sea. The fr si stores taken in at Corunna had bceo consumed, and it was found that at the present rate there would be nothing left in a fortnight. Worse then all, the water-casks re-filled there had been carelessly stowed. They had been SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty; while of clothing or ether comforts for the cold regions which they were entering no thought had been taken. t The mules and horses were flung overboard, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreatingfleetreported thattheyhadsailed for 1 miles through floating careases. The rations ' were reduced for each man to a daily half- t pound of biscuit, apint of water and a pint of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, the t wounded left to the care of a medical. officer, who went from ship to ship, .he f subjects of so many prayers were left to encounter the climate of the North Atlantic. They passed the Orkneys in a single body, They then parted, it was said in a fog, but each com mander had to look out for himself and his men. In many ships water must be had somewhere, or they would die. The San Martin, with. saxty consorts, went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. The wind still clung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When they braced round to it their wounded spars gave way. Their rigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at least sufficient offing. and rolled down somehow out.uf sight of land, DIPPING THEIR YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks there, their crews, or part of them,' making their way through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to Shetland or the Farce Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coasts. There were Irishmen in the fleet, who must have told them-that thley would find the water there for which they - were perishing, safe harbors, ani a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors which they could not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were all wrecked at various places between Donegal and the Blaskets. Something like eight thousand half-drowned wretches STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. 1 Many were goatlemon, richly dressed, a with velvet coats, gold chains and rings. I The common sailors and soldiers had I been paid their wages Lefore they started; each had a bag of duca's lashed to his waist s when he landed through the surf. The wild e Irish of the coast, tempted by the booty, a' knocked unknown numbers of them on the r head with their battleaxes, or stripped them naked and left them to die of the cold. On r one lone sand strip in Sligo an English I officer counted ELEVEN HUNDRED BODIES. d and he heard that there were as many more a few miles distant. The better t educated of the Ulster chiefs, the O'Rourke 1\. and O'Donnell, hurried down to stop the o butolery and spare Ireland the shameof s murdering helpless Catholic friends. d Many-- how many cannot be said-found is protection in their castles. But even so it seemed as if some inexorable late pursued all who had sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonzo de Leyva, with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high ranrk who were under his special charge, made his way in a galleass at into Killibeg. He was himself disabled in f landing. O'Donnell received and took n care of him and his companious. After Ce h mainine in O'Donnell's castle for a month he °' recovered. The weather appeared to mend. , The galleass was patched up, and Da Leyva t ventured an attempt to make his way in her to Scotland. . He had passed the worst danger, and Scotland was almost in ': sight ; but Fate would have its victims. The C galleass struck a rook off D)aluce and went to pieces, and Don Alonzo and the princely e youths who had sailed with him were aWASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, f to find an unmarked grave in Antrim. Most e pitiful of all was the fate of those Swho fell into the hands of the e English garrisons in Galway and layo. t Galleons had found their way into Galway SBay; one of them had reached Galway itself, s the crews half dead wi:h famine, and offer \- ing a cask of wine for a cask of water. SThe Galway town~ismen were lhuman and Stried to feed and care for them. Most were too far gone to be revived, and a died of exhaustion. Some might have re s covered, but recoveredi they would be a danger d to the State. The Engli.sh in the West of SIreland were but a handful in the midst of a sullen, holf-conaouered popu tlaion. The ashes of the Desmond rebel a lion were still amoking, and Dr Sanders r andhis Legatine Commiosion wera fresh in e immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel could only have been a vaguely heard of. All that English officers a could have accurately known must have been f that an enormous expedition had been sent t to England by Philip to restore the Pope; Sand Spaniards. they fcund, were landing in thousands in the midst of them with arms .and money ;distressed for the moment, but sure, if allowed time ta gee their strength again, to set Conenaught in a blaza. They had no fortresses to hold so many pcrisoners, no means of feeding them, no men to spare to escortthem tc Dublin. They were respon a sible to the Queen's Government for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had Snot come on any errand of mercy to her or hers. The stern order went out to KILL 'I2BE ALL 1 wherever they might be found, and two thou , and or more were shot, hanged, or put to the e sword. Tie sixty ships whichhad followed Sthe San Martin succeeded at la' in getting round Cape Clear, but in ra condition scarcely less miserable I that that of their companions who r had perished in Ireland. Half their o companies died-died of antended wounds, I hunger, thirst and famine fever. The aur e vivors were moving skeleons, more shadows p and ghosts than living men, with scarce a strength left them to draw a rope or r handle a tiller. In come ships there was a no water for fourteen days. The weather in the lower latitudes lest partof its violence, or not one of them would have seen Spain again 1 As it was, they drifted on outside Seilly and a into the Bay of Biscay, and in the second week in September they dropped in one by a one. The power of herculite, a now ex Splosive, is almost beyond belief. A half t pound of it will move therty tons of stone. 