JIACK OF HEARTS nY H. T. JOHNSON, A urnon Or "HONousn DivIDED," "TIIOUva1 IT HEART FremT," ETC. CHAPTER XXXIV. AFTIR DAARKN?EsI-DAWN, Lord Chislehnrot mat alone in his library. How different the once luxuriant room appeared to what it had done a fow days previously i The pictures wore taken from the walls. The library shelves stil lined the walis, but destitute and bare of books, like skeletons of their former solves. The same abomination of desolation was oevident through the houseo. So completo was the Etl's fanore, that the whole of his efflsot had boon reallaeod for the benefit of hle oraditors. The very house boeneath whose roof he oat had pasoed from his possession, and in a few days he would be praotloolly homolosa. In this dark hour he thought with bitter. nees of his wife. She had boon absent from his home for a fortnight, and during that time no word from her had roached him. It had been no strange event for therse two to be apart from each other for even longer periods. At another time he would have looked upon hoe leaving him for cotal ongagemonts as a matter of course, but lOoked at In the light of the then proesont circumstances he regarded her absence as a flight from his ruined hearth. He did not blame her, he only blamed himself, knowing that it was more his fault than hers that their lives had lain so far asunder. II he had been more of a oompanion to her, It he had entered more thoroughly into her life, If he had lot her a little more Into his, all might have boon so different; but throughout the years of their wedded life he had held her as far aloof from him as if she had been, in faot-as, indeed, in spirit she had been-a stranger to him, instead of bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. And yet he had loved her, loved her more earnestly than he had over loved human oroature, only he had kept the ardour ol his afleotion tar down in the depth of hit nature, so deep that none but he knowof its existence. It was like the fire that smoulders beneath the strata of a mountaio, none koowlg of its burning there until on, dayit breaks through the hard cruet onc starles, sometimes destroys those, who., lirvig on the surfaco, have little rooked of the blaze beneath them. Jne had left her address at an hotel in Dieppo, and at times he had purportoe writing, imploring her to return, or, at al events, to explanm her absence. But bl, pride arrested his hand, and strangleo th. impulso at its birth. He was a ruined man. The news of hi collapse was the talk of the world. If eh. had pity, oonsolation, or sympathy for him they should reach him uutoJoited ; if ont came back, oh I how hle heart would bonne to greet her, but his proud, unbeodino spirit could not call her to his side. There was one refleootion in which ht found much solace ; when they marrted. what little dower she rouenhst wMas striotl settled upon her, and he, at that time millionatro twoe over, had amply supple mented this, so that the trust-fnnd then attasd would afford a liberal provision for her for life. The blow had crnshed him; she would hardly even feel it. Teon he thought of his future proape ts. Ite would go abroad, and wlth his vat ano wide experineeo anl his giant brain r"ereot In another land the shattered edifies of hi. fortunes. Hoa good name, thank .eaven. had not perishad in the wreok--tress of lrooumstance had driven his financial houos upon the rooks of failure, but the honour of its captain remained untarnished as ever. He would leave behind him his failur', hi. diamantled home, his cold-hearted fashion able wife. Whutheraoever he bent his steps his reputation would have prooded him. Ho broodings were in??rrupted by the opening of the door. He looked up angril -his seopondeooy had so wrought upon hi. nerves that he was irritable to a degree. But as he recognised that face his deepair fled as a cloud before the wind, asa shaleo in the light of the sun. With a cry of gle surprise, with tears welling his i hard, grey eyoe, and with a great joy filling his heart, he rose from his chair, rushed aoross the room, and in a moment held his wife clasped in hib arms. What were now failure, disappointment, or lons of fortunes She whom he loved beat in the world was on his breast ; though he might have lost all in the wor:d beside, like another Maro Antony, he deemed, fur the dear sake of her he loved, the world well lost. " Then my ruin does not part us, Olive l' he assea, when at last his voice found strength for words. "Part us, Chislehuret -it bindos s." She had only that day heard the news He coall not understand her. He know not of the strange events that had occurred to fill her mind and hands sinoo she had left hdm. And than there came upon her with Scohill the reflection that she, too, had a story to toll- that, perhaps when her tale was told, the man who now strained her in his arms would spurn her from him as an unolean thing. She told him all, spacing neither others nor herself, sitting at his toea, her bowed head upon his knees, her tearful eyes not darig to meet his gaze. When she had caosea she waited his decree. Should sh. depart into the world and rid him of heraelf or ever? Poer a tlno she waited in sileneoo, then she felt his hand stroking her unbralded treasse, then the brave old man threw has yet strong arm around the loverly womau ittiog an the footstool at his kneea, telling bar that he was here, and she was his, tuo death they twam should part. "It ts a painful story, Ollve," he saId, ibnt pity you and the agony you mnst have endured too mouht to chide or blumo you. You knoew not when you married m that your ohild lived, nor that your marrl age ua a legal one. Yon say thaa tote young man is recovermg ot hisa wund; that in a few wooes he wall hbe aout agaLnU. Our concreo i oler--by every means in our power we must estaolio the valadlty of )veur marriago to Bayard 1llai:, and youa son's aut. to ise lather's name and aeiate.. Theoa an attes ?ra?ed, we will, for Lorm's fake, egaln e maritaod and, ior s tme at Iaas, leoavo E gla?d. Ot in the fao r'tVe. we tllW toguthur forget-I my finanu lailure, yon tie wrongs, the agony, tas suspe?se you laoe enquried. both ol us th. once s baho: atrtched etweoen our alv?es wa?e an., teliro an our utua001 love son grust, pray ieavccao that whoa is loft for ua ol the tmoae may ateno and oompensate for the unhappy p~et." And gould O'Jve rejeJo the love, the c?lvalry, and the deeoion at her fees? enotd she ruloso the sympuothy--tho aoe Lion coaved flor No ; t seameo to her that a -wary journey aloso a dark and thorny path wao lust sauoo, and that she at loot could reesetuuoro In the haven of thls brave man a lose o that the dark night woa turned Into _ hopolul day, ilum-oed with the radisnoo of a truto that should defy the srorld. CIIAPTEII XXXV'. "50ow1 CA 0?I.\IAK. .,o^. IdO.''D." An' so cnos more Josk Chlppory was lying a helpleas onvotd, and onoo moro I?acy May Ceuny aoted as his nureo. Jack deolnoed that the proipsou ei her sweet preoenooeathi aide wsaoffering a foileowa premium to+ lay up. uvert helmas, the alflet hr.vin" been sxotaotcd from ht neok, his robust onstltueoen seedUy araotd it' eslf, his wouud rapidly healod, andt n a few weeks he h ? to bw e son suonltg him. self upon the beoch-the ghsereve of aU v,-..r.ee. the hero of the lIdles, the iosy of the mon. One or two ido no houlee-url, Ilesh-- or rather atLle-irom Lutotui, eOeo not a little impatient ei toO Ltratneo taboo ky their iolowr ootntry wrosnoatn oeco .cloio, who autevory mosy fIag m a La-scoUoO ahair, ileollet or road' tng to the hliammeg ' Miss." Unu wools have imaioed, they autarted, that tho .toan woa ab only ons who hal been con' corned in a affairs ai:'btneur. Had therm never been a do Clas.aeguý.-..'Bg9CIigh ? Had none but this man o foegh T .?hhd they twirled their monstaohe, fierooly, and rtampod their patent leanther hoots, when the grizzled old Chaosour d'Afriquo, Cortlooho, removed his cigaretote, and, wittl a grim smilo, and a shrugq of his msealve sholldors, remarked, " Qui mes amis ; mai., it o snipne !" And, very noon afterwards, the other Eogllsh lady, who had for a time hovered at hs ldo, returned, accompnied by a grey haired man, whom they learned with regret those Apollos of the cajfs, wos her husband, the "milor Chielehorst." And he was indeed Olivo's husband now, for thi two had once again gooo through the mar riage coromony. But prior to this. OCive'e first marriage with Sir Bayard Blair had boon osthblished on the sworn testimony cf the minister who had tied that hasty knot halo in feat. Lady Chialehurct had, of course, rEn dared herself technically amenable to the lan by her second marriage. She and the Earl felt, however, little npprohenaion on that ground. Her first husband wa dead and in a few weekns sho and Lord Chiale buret would be speeding frr acrees the Atlantio to live the remninder of their years in comfort, if not afluoenc., and happy in a mutunl trust and affection which, though Into in its blossoming, would bloom unfading throughout their livre the whole history of her flit unhappy onion might have been kept a scorot (snd this wan Jack's own ardent desire), but the Countess was determined that her son ehould inherit his father's nsmo and tbh aetate which, by right of birth, belonged to him. The matter was placed in rth hands of English solioltors and the Sootch writers to the oignet, whose task was faoill rated by a written and attested document found upon Sir Bayard'e body, wharoby hb had not only devised all hin estate to his eon, John Blair, commonly known as Joht Chippery, but set out a true history of th, .ircumstences of his marriage with Oliv, MaoArrocher. This paper was drawn ir euflieont form ti be proved as a will; and rbis, together with the evidence of th. deteoh minister, Lady Cnialehurot, be, great-aunt, Lady G(rizol MaeArrecher !aleb Vickers, and our old friends th, Chipperyo, was found suffient to establial Jack'e identity, legitimacy and title. It was in vain that Jack remanotrated with the Countess. "* My dear mother," he said, "you anr ?sniebhig yourself into exile to establiut •y title to a name I don't care for. and es. ttase, which, by Sir Bayard'e will, bolonu to me already. Lot this unhappy secre, rest hidden. May and I wolt soon b, searried. Stay with us In our happy home nd be happy yourself In the love of you, ousband, of the dear girl whom you have tlways loved, and who, cre a month ha Iown, will be your daughter, and of your son, who so much of his ie han boeen at. most a stranger to you. What do I car, for the title Baroootles are the speci eoward and distlincotion of suoceastfl polition oobers, Lord Mayors, Presileuts of thb icademy, and other l'hilstines. I so an artat, that is my rmano that is my -onour; to yourself, to darling hoay, th: Cnlpporys, to T'oqutonno, to all whom n behrish, I love, and i honour, I am, and I rost 1 always shall be, 'Jack of Hearts, no loess, o more." " My boy," she sald, softly atroking hit broad open forehead. "it cannot be. It ib right that you should have your own, it Ib right that Chllehaurst in another lane ahould, as he can and will, rotriave hib tortunas, it is right that I should be at hi. aide to comfort, encourage, to soothe and tocer him. It would not ho right, dean toy," sho added, smiliog, " mobh as I lov. oar dearest .May, to saddle her for my lif, with the lototton of a mother-in.law. qty lear, over since aho has been out she and 1 oave known and loved each other. When wo once takeo our now positions of mother and daughteorin-law, each other's flailing. will flash upon us with a light as vivid as spontanooua." " ipon t mind her, Jack, ahe's jealous," Lady May broke in. " We want you, dear Oliva; dear mother to bo-tay with us and-and-yon shall sew on all Jack's button,." But, no-a few weeks later on there wa~ a wedding in Hanover Square, a breakfast at Clarldge's, and Lady May Cluny becam, the wife of Sir John BIlair, and Ittle later on still, as a good ship slowec round into Mersey's tideway, a man and a woman stood leaning on eoach other, ane waving their hnodkerchiefe in return to the farowells wafted them by a little crowo upon the landing-tage. One of the hand Ierchlefs now and then oeased its flattere ong, and was pressed to the streaming eyes ol live, Countess of Cialehurst She would for her husband's ske, look forward to that New World, whither they were bound, with hope and contidence and oourage. Who in her plane could look back upon th, Old with eyes undimmed by tears? CHAPTERI XXXVI. BELLY AND FAnEWEL1.. There was lamentation In the oorridors ow bhe Jollity, and sorrow cast Its depteasino oloud over the talls and the gallery. rho portions of the house frequented bh the classes which called themselves "'r spetable," were at a lea to oomprehon. nse spirit of mourniflneos, whalo brhathso i the plaintive sigh of the mouh-capuu hayppio, and the tlft notes of the stroe irab perohed aloft. At bset the doreful news was generall spr?ad. The teirabtl was about to Leat ion boards-the night wae to be positlvae oer last appearance. O.ner stars migh shino and dazoo from beyone those fou, agnts, but she, by whom mashers and stroo orohenms wore--noevr agu ater Ota a ntag sould her shapely limos bound alor., toot stage; never agin her bold eyn itrlil Ite soustepll e 0o erts 0 yoi., Irum oolwolh anod Alduranol, piarco .tr.ugh the stasoniest sbre sspatlos ao over laundrao could prpater, or goldai youth tpu on ; never agaes nor tuorrty ga just la toe niok of unme, connuiei t ,t louse .ith laugnur, and save the rueolkst nrooti~et pnuon ttha ever attempted to ru .lte.oat logs from beoig "tnte1;" ntoe almn the rtcs nuin u t nor voice, and in ,atnoe of her tone, rmag even to toe merry .auualss hearts asumuls d there a tnda prase of tinuy-a muood of higher sena ,.ant, wnth they oetther oould nor woum ,slsi, altough peathanoo they would neow euulr e It. ''eastlly shame, y'know-all the girt. troplj?lpg of one alter anouther, just as w, o?rgo0 to know 'm au? ?tLe 'em," ilapoid 0t5 gutten youth to another, a they Utissauss a igarette and the nchams of Mirabel at nt? tullt l tho houose. 'I think Its wicked," the other plato aivoy roeplled. "Vnat on uearh' the iltu. shiy going to oo 1 bt0t a omepoy of ho, nwu ?I lun away with a nbmu tuod I" " Worseo--nllately worse. In either oc shoso oel ses she 0.gii come bhok when thl nomo or the fellow got ' broke ;' but sha'. gomg to geatma rtooi "" Anybody swagger!" " o ; that s the um purt of it. If abeo' been gohng to marrya title, or diamonds, o, .toons, or beer, or even whola?ole and oxpor. trade, it wouldn't be so tunny ; but I'm tolu it s turnlips and aws, and logs and cart. horse--tialt chap m tweeds with the rut na0o and prize on shoulders, who's boet triing her h oewn lately tOnly luany I" " \Vells you know,' the other suntes tloualy remarked, remoovig the sliver bhse of his stick from his ?outh for toot .urposo, " the itraid wdill look nnlhng well m tht dair . Only Inuoy her with her sltoves tooced up, and a letohing tart.teek whito mobap nlo, and a pan of oream ii front ne her I My, throell bo a run on oheeuso no butter in lher nolghbourhood, you bou I" It was qutto tru--Maroy wah going to '.rry p7r1tk Foultoa. Did she love tom? Wet/l0 she liked him. I a, ot a way suo .otiu haimn. L.oretd alt bauO the tioIew h. loved her so muctt ; buuuaon n hnod b nooa hor and wviati for her Lor so many yoears. , .nd attor the gardonta.bousoked youtos wni on.ecged har nigtly with bouquetn, at. alty with billet dors, the frano, health) Noriolk lad ws a Waoloaome cu-oihafg the breeze off Branksome Stalth after the muggy gas-warmed atmosphere of the strand; and she got so tired of sayln0 ' Nou " to people, that, fora change, one day She pot her little hand In his, and, lookino in his oyee an truthfully and frankly an h, in here, said-" Yes." Did she love him best of all? That question sho would not ask herself. There was no need to ask it. What it in her young heart, years gone by, a wild love had leapt into being, and been a parl of her inner lif-. What if the dream of her girl hood had boon so golden; certain It was the awaking was oomplote-the too fair vision roneo forever from her life. Ho wars happy. rho love he ounld not give for hers heoould lavish on another who loved him equally in return. As for her own love of Jack ol touarto, Marty rtaolved that she would live it down; it would be sere to die, for sh. would never lot it see the light. Only eomotimes, lfarty, the love which bloseomn in th' light of day i first to perish; while in the cold, dark shade undreamed of hy the world, some evergreen offctiotn deep In its root, if stuntod in its growth lives and grows, and olings; and though the eInde bo ohill, tho dews and the sanshine scont, the plant noearod for, and untended though it be, will never die. When the final moment oame, when Marty stood in front of the fallen curtain, taking her last look upon the world from the footlights,itho last of her few words of farewell trembling on her lips-the hones rising en more in front of her-wreaths and bouqueot raainog around har- from one of the stage boxes a fair, white woman's hande throw a boequet of choicest e::oties at her fooeet. Laden with floral offerings as were her arms, Marty stooped and picked up this one, aud pressed it to her lips, with a glhnoe at the box from whence it eame And when she left the theatre that night it was in Lady May Blair's carriage that she drove away, and by her side sat sweet May nerself, while Frank Falton and Jack of Etearts faced them. In a oosy, exquisiteoly furnished hambeor 'n Jack's town manslon, a suppor-table laden with tho oholoent of viands, flowers, fruits, and wines awaited them. As the merry loartotto dscenoded from the smartly. appointed chariot, a host of gorgeous foot aou flung open the wide doors and lined the oeble hall and the wide marble etairoease. "Ha s M. Tqunotonno arrived " asked Jack on entering, " Yes, Sir John; just this moment." "Your man vi footes is quite all right, ny Jacks," a voice shouted fr.om auross the hall, whereupon Jack introdnood Frank to 1f. Trquotonne, and the trio adjourned to she drawing room to await the ladies. "And eat Is eo man zat is to marry la belle Marty.'said Tiquetvnne, taking Jack ascdo. "' lfoi I he is quito Englaeshe-h . John Boll all evare. epeoctalty round no oek. He is ooll Frank. ron l he look t, o isfrank in zofae, seyee, ze eqveeza o die hand, vieh crush von's tihgaroe. He is leo fellows, Jacks. I am vet glad yo,. Marty she is to marry, and so fine a folio. \- so vat you call ' jolly good follow'-for I have always taken interest on-I mean in sat brick of a girl--fool nat I am to espeak ,f her as If I vare broker of pawns, and sh, za flattened Iron. I have nevare seen her yet, but from vat I have heard, it seems to no she la sort of female jolly good fellow also." "You're quito right, old chap," replied Jaok, selappinghis oldmehntr outhe shoulder; " but yo't'l soon be able to form your own lstomate, hero come the girls. Come along. flay, dear; they toll me ssppsr's waiting ta the Bluoe Room. Fultono, wl you take Lady P'ulr down Now, Tiquetoone, my ady will introdnooe you to Iltsl Mirabhe. iVhat a up, old man, aren't you well '" For as the two girls entered the drawing room, merrl y chattering, yI. Tiquoetonn woiL a pace backwards, and, resting one uand on the back of a chair, with the other haded his eyes and gazeod, with a paling ohoek, at Marty. "'Mon Dieu I it is a ghost ; it a ze deas come again to life. You are zot Rosalie .no vas at my aide in oe annny orchards of Drittany, and yet-no, it cannot be, for zt yearsa zy have fown, eh I so many years, and you are but yet now of eo age she vas And yet, if you are not she, say, toll me who you ire " Marty had advanced aorose the room with cheeks es pale, with heart as wildly bheating as the Frenchman; she gazed intently on ?al features, and she drank in the tones of es voloo aa if face and voice recalled some distant memory-some recollections far away clong the read that Time and Life had travelled. And I, too, remember a sunny orchard," ohe cried, "with vineyards beyond, and a pair of kind, loving eyes looking over me, ad a tender voice breathing loeing words in my oan, though in another tongue ; eyes coo those non looking into mine; tones loku those that jest have spoken. Ah I it sll comes back to me now-the words for years forgotten, " Jla petile Myrlille I mon ojatlo ! 'Ihdre lsbd I ptitu bdbe I ?fyrttlle I t?o plus chere .lfyrtillo i' "Mdyrtille?" cried TIquetonne, throwing uis armsa wdoopen. "'est lui IC'sst lli ! Maflle i 3Monor en/jua eheroil Vene I Apres tones s anio. Perdue durant si longlemps, oenjen rourcd, 'rie , men ccour !" The arms were folded and Marty within hem,. her head upon that breast whereon it rat hadrested in her childhood. h'rom her ,oaom she drew a little rose that she had always worn, and Tiquelonne recognlied the Jewel as her mother's. Mwr:ys story, iragmontary through it was, and a ?aild s eoullotion twenty years old, told the rceohuio n all there was to know. A uddon departure from the quiet faruhoueo ad the pleauant orchard which she knew o well, though she was then too young to ,now where they were; a ride by train ; Snasty journey by night through a great ulooteou of houses; a uccesilon of streete l1 blaze with gaslight, then another train , o; than for te hirst time a journey by eea-a confused memory of rough, resdess catera and wild wond; acreaming women, .nd hoaae swearing men. Then one very .ark night, when the wind wan fiercor, and .ao waters walaor and darker, and the foam ,pon their ridges whiter than before-a ,cone of terror-men rushing hither arl utuer, shouting as t in vam efforts to out uor the storm-then Marty remembered her nohecr's whise lace, her egonised eyes, the iarp to her bosom, the prair r to Heaven to ,orgoie herself and guaord her chlld-then a u.n ofc da?t waera--a mighty roar-then a Jank-then lrankeome onith-and aftier -cwht we know. Tnht night r m the Freonhman's heart cun anger agoenat his dead wife went ou for ,ver. ne was dead ; she had been dead lor .wenty years. All the time he had been cursitg ner, ating her, reviling her, lea?veu' own vengeance upon her had been a timg of the put, and gro smg older year y year. He had cured hir, he had called auwn Goda retrobution upon her sin; now, learning that punishment had fallen upon her, he trembled th tthink he had so tong nureed in his heart a longing for -eveoge against the dead. Oot trom him ucart went hate and bitter raCentment In .e stead came Lorgiveness and love for the ?oitl that Heaven had at liat reotred to atm. But he did not tell Marty and he resolved ohal she should never know the sin of her mother'a flight. Looking back at the bitter past. he eaw plainly that Sir iayard Iclilr, aming tempted lteanlle from her home, had chosen not to share her thlght further than to Antwerp, whn whence they muet have .mbaraed for England-t for he had trooked them to lirusaola-and had nt all probnollity appointed a rendes vouo in England, which was deetined uevor to be kept. Vengeance hail followed coc guilty peacrt in ?on 0aoo awnftly, and a the utther, it alowly, equally auroly. l'hat part of the story through which that guilt had run it would be botter for him to forget-for others never to know. LLttle more of my atory romains to he c!d. T' 1t MirAhel of the JoUlllLy i' now Sire Fraink Fhulton, or lerannsome Maish Farm ; Lappy ohlldren will grow up about ..r, and uhu will be no werso wcre or mother because at one time she used, upon no stage, for the dollght and soothimg of a har.wotkoed word, the al?ate wnrch aveuln hai pwv*yt bhr. Old .ingoy still aste on his keel-upwneord boot, nd puffs gravely at his black cutty. while Professor Tiquotonne, who has tlkes A tiny cottage in the village, indoutrioudli painte him, These twain have taken sindly to each other, and the Frenchman is eager to render any service in his powe0 to the man who twenty years back navec nts little daughter from the cruel sea. Someone aloe, too, loafs abonu Bronk some Qnay again. This is Jim ltubble,. who has returned to his native vilinge, to the delight of Marty, and the disgust of the local gamekeepers. Frank hao given him a free pardon, because, he says, hoe Jim's nanumption been a corseot one, his thrashing would have been deserved. '1o Itbbles, too, Tiquetouno is always re paying hi debt of gratitude, having learnea use share in Mlorty'a rescue, and he hat painted almost as many portraits of him as of old Bingey. These two have only ono grievance against the Profteaor, that is. they cannot induco him, often as he har sketched Bingoy's boat on canvas, to give that vessel, itself, a coat of paint. Ha hae. however, given Jima nfow oat, rns torte in some prospect of the lettor's midnight walks abroad being discontinued. "O.d Chippy:' may be seen orvry morning driving his pair from Bayowater to the Bank, and Bill has been as faithful to the monkey'-board as if he had bher. glued thereto. But "Old Chippy" sn getting older, and what is more, is becoming consciouo of the fact, as he himnelg romarkr. " What with the hours boin' so long, an the fares bein' out down so ohort, an' the Corporation a-ateadily saving up all that .and, as they any the Grocers' CJmpany aerplien 'em with, the game don't pay fur the wear and tear of me getting up anu dorn the box, an the oases up an' down on the oahfelt. Here yore, sir. ' Dudley Arms.' Higher up a yaod, jaller I ' And prob.bly 00 a n0ro time SIr Chip pory will yield to his wife's sugg;.touu oat the senould ooatpt Jack's odctr of a itt.o hunse a few mime out, with a garuSn and an arbour, wherein Coippy could er in an armohaer made in f.e e.mlo of a bx dear, and smoke long "oaurchwardonu" in oompny with Bill. For "her boy," with Mrs Chippery, widl nuever be Sir John. The people who v?lt with him in the grand house in the grani .qU".r, hoe gorgeously arrayed foocoae (who are obj.et of the profoundesi nv.0 aed reverence to Mr Coappery the U:tle Kmngat- arms, the Hermla's College, os Debrot; , and the world at large asdre,o Sim as Sir John Blair, Bart, but those weo anow and ived him In his early aay- and it ii his joy and pride that taese .ro manO -to theSe in goneral, and to Lady Burir and the Cupspere mn pazticulr, hre csil be to the end, what he hns been from oho begmnning-'" JtAc or H.La.ce." [rits IND.] 