AMONGST CHURCHES. AT THE CONGREGATIONAL A SERIES OF DISCOURSES BY REV. E. HANDEL J ONES. RELIGIOUS BIGOTRY. A BARRIER TO THE UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. CONCLUDING DISCOURSE. "ENDEAVORING to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, till we all come in the unity of the faith,and of the knowledge of the Son of God, Into a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ."-Ephesians iv 3.13. Such was the expressed wish of Paul touching the Ephesianu Church-and doubt less every succeeding Church in all ages-in every part of the globe. The design of a Church, and the means by which to effect that design, are clearly set forth in these sublime utterances. Those who claim for their respective churches apostolic origin cite these texts among others as procf posi tive that here shadows forth the will of Christ in the direction of one visible, organic clhurch-" an Episcopal prelacy," says the Anglican, Dr. Potter. "A Roman Hier archy," says Dr. Carr, ."sustained by Leo xiii, the reigning Pontiff." " Neither," says a Free Churchman. And hence the controversy. 'Now by simply ignoring tile recognised rules of interpreting divine writ, by bringing to the study of the scriptures one's preconceived opinions or prejudices, you can make just what you desire of the Bible. But it is the student's province to evolve from, and not bring to, the divine ideas revelation contains. And this by legitimate interpretation, not. least, a due regard to the context. Our: text i htthel thirteenth verse, is the keynote in the. chapter. Music would cease to be music robbed of its key note. Discord would reign supreme. But music has not the monopoly of a key note. Buildings have their key arch; solar systems their governing centre. So in literature. Each argument, each poem, each drama, each tale has its thought regulator-its supreme idea, to which every other is subordinate. The master-thought in the mind of the great apostle of the Gentiles here, is, the growth of the Christian in Christ Jesus, a continuous developing of the divine life-evolving constantly the God idea-till at length by the crucifixion of the flesh, by sustained communion with the eternal Father in His blessed Son, we attain " unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." This is the key note, of the Apostle's utterances. What a sublime conception ! \hat a magnificent ideal to place before a church. " Predestinate to be conformed to the image of His Son," says the same writer in the Sch of Romans. Oh! that the churches now "disputing among themselves who shall be the greatest," distracted, not so much by variety of church polity, as by petty jealousy, narrow-mindedness, contracted sympathies, bitter envyings, religions bigotries, and all uncharitableness. Would that the churches, I say, were possessed of the inspiring ideal in our text. What a different spectacle would present itself i Increased spiritual power-more potent influence over the world-greater efficiency in church work deeper realisation of the divine presence-a larger fellowship with the followers of Christ -a fuller baptism of the Holy Ghost--and consequently a more faithful promotion of the glory of God. Such I believe would be the glorious results. Are theynot worthy of realisation, though it be at the cost of self sacrifice? Does not attainmeut of such an end strike you as of infinitely greater moment than mere church organization, or a striving for ecclesiastical supremacy? Does not Christ, think you, deem such questions as utterly insignificant, compared with the august and paramount purpose for which a church exists, viz , that men may possess the gospel, be redeemed by the Christ, re, generated by the Holy Ghost,and ultimately evolve "unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the filncss of Christ?" The church, or churches, that impede pro. gress in this direction by self assertion, and ecclesiastical pride, incur a most solemn re sponsibility for which God verily will bring them to account. But while in the main all may agree as to the end in view, the differ ences appear at once in considering the means devised by Christ and His apostles for the realisation of tllhat end. And here we are, as Free Churches, confronted by two historic churches, each pleading for-yea, and claim ing to be-one visible organisation, having the sanction of Christ and the apostles. And each, both Anglican and Roman, on behalf of their respective church, professing to hold the unity of the Faith in defence of their claim. I have already shown that neither in the Anglican Communion, nor in the Roman does salch unity of faith really exist-even in matters essential. Let ns look more closely this evening into another assuslption con tained in the Pope's encylical, viz., "That the Roman church itself represents this nnity of Faith now and in all periods of her history, and that she has been authorised to represent that unity by the Apostles in general and Peter in particular. Now it is clear from the New Testament, as we saw, that such claim has no warrant whatever. The reason is obvious. Christ in no instance sketched such a tribunal that should enforce Ihis truths upon smen against the use of private judgment. But on the contrary, Christ warned men against the tradition of the elders upheld by the Sanhedriun-the Spanish Inquisition of that age-that con demned to death Free Churchmen of that day- Stephen and James for example because they exercised the rights of liberty of conscience in regard to the gospel. The Sanlledrin, like tle church authorities of Rome, was composed of iheresy hunters who, -like the infamous Judge Jeffreys-that modern Nero--hunted to the death some of the flower of the human race. Tie divine giver of reason, of free will, and of conscience prized too highly their inestimable value to place them at the imcrcy of aiy ecclesiastical organlisation. Christ does not as much as hint it. This Rome knows. Hence she dare not rest her claim upon scripture alone. She finds a convenient city of refuge in tradition thierefore. But Protestants know no tradition, no authority outside the Bible as a tribunal in matters spiritual. " One is your .Master even Christ," and all ye are bretnren. One body-one head. The head -thie Lord Jesus; the body--the followers of. Christ, found its every quarter of the globe, inside and outside, as we have seen, all religious com mnnities. Now the unity Paul speaks of has no reference whatever .to church polity. The Apostle never confused Divine life, we call chlristianity- Christ in men the hope of glory-with the human agencies used for developing that life. Two absolutely dis tinct things. As tbo gasket is not the eweel, so in like manner the RIoman Church is not Christianity. Anglicanism is not the gospel. Congregationalism is not an inter chanige'able term with the spiritsni life, the reason is simple. All the church systeu;s together are an inadequate representation of Divine truth. Cull all their excellencies focus all their energies, condense all their rays of light, yet, it Is only like tile glitter of the glow-worm compared with the splendolrs of suns and stars and planets that adorn the solar systemls throughout space. Tennyson sayq truly -"Or little systosnc have their daj, Thec have their day and crese to be, " Theysre hut broken lights of thee, And theo, O Lord, art more than they." Christianity cannot be fully gauged. The lower cannot accurately and comprehensively understand the higher. Poetry is not im poverilshed by a Tennyson, Browning or all the poets together. There are heights still unexplored. So in music. There are hidden hIarmncnies whlich all thie great masters together haeec not even anticipated. Would you hlave poetry only as a Teunyson unfolds it ? or music only as intrepreted by a Beethoven ? Do they not represent unity of spirit in diversities of giftl No thank you. Poety and imusic alike would rather dispense with your Act of Uniformity. Christianity then isone thling-churces polity another. Let ns remember this. Now I am going to shock some of you, Chris tianity existed some years before the first christian church was formed. Its Divine founder left thle formation'of churches in Corinth, Phllipipi, Ephesus, Collosse, and other places to the free, spontaileous working of the truths; and thlis without Pope or Prelate or an Act of Uniformity. Now Christ surely would not Ihave run such risk with men's salvation if it Ihad depended on suchl an ecclesiastical tribunIal as Rome claims to be. No! He would rathler have left instructions in detail if conformity to snelh an institution involved the eternal salvation of man 's wlhich the Pope offers the English peopl"--conditional on their sub mission to hli swray. Now in our texts no hint is given of chlqrch polity. Unity certainly, but not unity of organisation- but of spirit-not unity of amalgamation like that of the wolf with the lamb, with the lamtb inside-but unity of affection, Not unity of denominatioqal tenets, but unity of design, not unity of ritual and priesthood, but unity of love ; the only true scnity that can exist without the compromise of honor and conscience. Indeed this is the badge Christ has given of discipleship. Listen to His words-" A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another, as I have loved you, that ye also love one another by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples,-if ye have, love another." John 13.31,35. These words were among Christ's last utterances-a dying request made to his disciples. They were to be distinguislhed not by external ecclesiastical pomp, pre tensions and authority, this is not tile means, according to Christ, that was to transform the world-convince men of the divine origan of the Christian religion. No ! It was by noble spiritual qualities of disposition -Love ruling in themn,rellecting in daily life the image and example of the living Christ. Had the churches in the second century kept true to this badge, rather than assert ing superority one over the other,-" dis puting among themselves which should be the greatest," we should never probably of heard of so gross a carricature of the Apostolic churches as we have presented to us to day. Now the unity ofth the text then is the unity of spirit. Peace, faith, trust in Christ, knowledge of Christ, as the in carnate son of God, " In whom dwells the fulness of the Godhead bodily." Now, it is impossible for these instructions to be carried out by any church-be it Protestant or Catholic-that claims unique prestige, the sole right to be " the Holy Catholic Church." Let such churches waive their claim, let them recognise that the regenerate of all ages and climecs of all religions com munities make up " the Holy Catholic Church," then the way will be clear for cooperation, in the one great work of saving men . witout any sacrifice of principle. Nole, has the Church of Rome itself represented this unity of faith as she claims to have done-alike in all .periods of her history, and in every part of the world ? It has been, and it still is, her boast that she lhass. according to Rome,. perfect unanimity. existing within her pale. Its members are a happy family now as ever. No differences of opinion, either in essentials or in minor matters, disturb her. Now this is just.what we have a right to expect from an "infallible church," represented in an " infallible Pope." Further we should naturally and reasonably expect also that no new doctrines have been added to her faith. The same faith, the same doctrine, the same policy all along the ages. This then is Rome's boast-that she never changes. Is this so? Let history decide. It tells a totally different talc, I think. To begin with, the title "Papa" originally applied to all bishops, and was not addressed to the Roman bishop specifically till the close of the 5th century-when Eunodius of Paria applied it to Pope Symmnachus. Such a title, however, as "Papa" does not statisfy modern Popes. Hence tihe titles "Sovereign Pontiff," "Vicar of Christ," the "Head of the Church," "Your Holiness." Time was therefore,when these names, now claimed as tihe special prerogatives of the Pope were absolutely unknown in early history-outside the realm of heathenism, and are utterly foreign to the mind of the apostles who were content with the modest terms " servant" and "elder." Peter, to wit, begins his second epistle thus-" Simon Peter a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ." Peter is too great a soul to arrogate to himself "Sovereign Pontiff," while his loyalty to Christ rendered impossible his assumption of the title-" Head of the Church"-a prerogative which the scriptures absolutely deny alike the King, and Pope, but ascribe to Christ-and to Him alone. Rome has, in the course of her history, gradually assumed these appellations. And yet Rome never changes ! The mode, moreover, of electing the Pope has undergone a radical change. In early timnes the election was in the hands of the Emperor, then of the clergy and laity-now it rests in the Cardinals-since the llth century. And yet Rome never changes ! Again, diversity of opinion obtains in the Roman community relative to infallibility. Agreed as to the fact they differ as to the seat of infallibility. The Gallican and the Ultramsontane schools, for example, teach differently as to the extent and nature of the doctrine in its bearing on decrees and Govern inent. The former contends that the Pope was infallible only in concert with the councils-denying the prerogative of Ex cathedra which! the Ultramontanes insist on, and which Pope Pius IX proclaimed in 1S70 for the first time in the history of the Roman Church ! Surely if infallible once, the Pope as the supposed " Head of the Church" must needs always have been. sutn what is the fact according to Rome's own teacllin ? Just this-that the world for nearly 2.000 years %was able to dispense with an infallible Pope, apart, i.e. to say, from concert witli councils. And if for 2,000 years, why not for all time? Further, centuries el0psed before there existed a Ronlan Church, or any other church, professing infallibility. Consequently during that period, mankind were able to dispense with it entirely. WVhy not therefore for all time? For it is clear we Ilave had no succeeding dispensation since the inauguration of Christianity. Now if one sect within the realm of Popedom con tradicts another, on tihe serious 'claim to infallibility, what becomes of its professed unity of the faith, and of the boast that Rome never ebanges?- 'ith the lhistoric churches in Protestantism, of tile non Episcopal order, unanimity generally pren vails on this subject. All are agreed in re garding infallibility as centred, not in Pope or Council separated or united,not in fallible man, but in the Lord Jesus Christ who de clares of himself only-" All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.!' Again, the immaculate conception of the Virgin Mary is a vital doctrine of the Church of Rome. And tholgh "Rome never changes" in her doctrines-the sasme in all quarters of tile glebe as " in all periods of her history," yet she only discovered this doctrine of the immaculate conception in 1851! And so of other doctrines: The half-communion, cransubstantiation, indslgences, worshiip of the host, mass, the worship of images, etc., etc., were unknown in the early lchurch, and are totally opposed to the geqius and teach ing of God's word. These are but few in tanoes which history furnishes as indis putable evidence that the Churcl of Rome, so far from presenting unity of faith, lhas been the scene of dissention on essential questions ouch as tle Deity of Christ-- whether Christ Ihad two natures, two wills, etc. Councils, history tells us, reversed the decision of councils; as for example, when the second council of Constantlinople con: demned the presence of images at the in stance of the Iconoclasts in the sixth century, but which decision was actually reversed by the second council of Nice. Yhere is thIe infallibility hiere ? Where theunity of faithl? It is strange; it is passing strange I that any man writh average intelligence in thle light of hIistory, cosld believe seriously in the professed unity and infallibility of a church, at once so discordant and fallible as the church of Rome has proved herself to be, and thlis in vital matters. For, either the adherents of Rome believe lii history,' or they do not' If they do noti they ashould cease to believer in tiiiditioni, though a main proof of their faith, since tradition rests on history, If they do believe in history, then logical consistency requires tllat they cease to believe in their professed unity and unchanged faith, as history clearly proves tlhat no sifch unity, and no such fixity of doctrines characterise the Church of Rome. The dilemma is in evitable, But history is eloquent, not nerely on the question of council in battle array with council--but of Pope excommunicating Pope, as proof positive, I apprehend, of serene unanimity, existing in the Roman conmunion- sile by side of Unity qf Faith II 14ut how stands the present Pontiff, Leo 'I[[ relative to his predecessors ? Is there any discrepancy ic doctrinle-any variation in attitude to tie world lying outside his jurisdictien e Such a question is of mnore than passing interest in view of his recent appeal to the English Nation. Leo. XIII apparently breathes a toleraet, large hearted cosmopolitlnt splirit. He rejoices in the progress of the British people-in thie lbllcrty they enjoy--the intelligence tlecy possess, and in tlecir works of phlilanthrophy etc. IBut thePopecmitted to say that the liberty--the progress-and not least-an open bible--tie parent of the inncmerable, priceless blessings, that are the pride of the English Nation, are not tihe children of Rome-but the children, rather, of P'rotestantism-of Freedom--of thle rieght of private judgment-of an uenchainedl bible -freely circulated among the English speaking people tie world over-beginning with the Englishl Nation--blessings which thie Church of Rome for ages denied the wyorld--purchased for us ley oe;r ancestors- of whom PRome was not worthy-who suffered torture indescribable--annd even death-at the bidding'of that church that now so coolly invites us into ier corqmunion. Now, it is diflcult, nay imnpossible, to reconcile the " singular joy," which the Pope tells us in Ieis letter, thie progress of the English Nation gives him--with the utteranceseven of his immediate predecessors. I quote from the Vatican decrees themselves -the fountain of Rome's authority. To quote only a few propositions, the Vatican decrees condemn. I. Those who maintain the liberty of the Press."-encyclical letter of Pope Gregory XVI, in 1831; and of Pope Pius IX, in 1804." 2\. " Or the liberty of speech."-Pope Pius IX, December 6th 1864. 7\. " Or" those who say ."that the church may not employ force." _Syllabus xxiv, 18\. " Or, that'the Roman Pontiff ought to come to tcrms with progress, liberalism, and modern civilization." Of such advocates Rome says--' Lot them be damned!"- Now, either the Pope was sincere when he ex pressed the "singular joy" the progress of the English nation brought him, or he was not. If he was not sincere Romie necessarily remains unchanged in hostile attitude to the priceless heritage of liberty, and the right of private judgement, and consequently is un worthy of the trust and homage of the English nation. But on the other hand, if the Pope was sincere then Rome has radically changed in her faith. What then becomes of her much boasted unity of faith? When Popes like Pins ix and Leo xiii disagree absolutely contradict each other-and this in the name of infallibility-who shall de cide? There is only one reply. ' Common sense, private judgement. aided by the spirit of God. Clearly, the only unity that obtains in the Church of Rome, is unity of spiritual inorancce, superstition and of bondage, both intellectual and moral thanks, largely, to a closed bible. In the course of sermons delivered we have seen the various assumptions contained in the Pope's appeal. 1\. That the chnrch over which the Pope presides is the only duly authorised one on earth. We showed that the Roman Church had no authority in tile New Testament-that it was opposed alike in spirit, doctrine and method to the churches of the Apostles, and especially to Christ's conception of a church. " Where two or three are met together in My name there am I in the midst of them." Matt. xviii.20 2\. The assumption that the- Pope4s an Infallible-Head-of an--Infallible ChurchtwI saw disproved by scripture and history-i that Christ alone was tile head of the church and to assign the headship either to.king or Pope, is to dethrone the. Christ-that the true successors of the Apostles were those who were ruled by their spirit and doc trines which Rome so grossly abused-that Peter so far from being a predecessor of the Pope was a champion of those .principles that had been the triumph of Protestantism securing for the English nation that pros. perity which lhad given the Pope such " singular joy." His motto is ours as Pro testants-" We must obey God rather than men." Acts v.20 3\. The assumption that there were special prerogatives vested in the Pope denied other men- Absolution-withholding by in tention the validity of the sacrament indulgencies, and tile power of praying men out of purgatory-" teaching for doctrines the commandments of men," as our Lord said of the Jewish authorities. 4\. The assumption that the Roman Church itself represents unity of faithlan assumption we have seen is wholly contra dicted by her own history. Lot us, as Protestants, guard jealously the inestimable blessings we enjoy. Re assured that Rome never changes in her attitude to men as the foe of liberty. " Rome is essentially a political system." Hence Gibbon tells us that "' Rome emulates tile purple of Kings." To be a loyal Catholic, therefore, and a free subject, is an absolute impossibility. Mr Gladstone has proved to demonstration that surrender to Rome means a surrender of man's "moral and mental freedom placing his civil loyalty and duty at the mercy of another." Better, infinitely better, separ ation from Rome, with honor and liberty than amalgamation with bondage and dis honor to the Lord 'and Saviour Jesus Christ. 