SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of 1 " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XX. A WHITE STAB MADE OF MEMORY LONG AGO. . "'It would never do.' Those words of Martha's BO earnestly spoken by the kind EOUI who cared for me almost as tenderly as a mother cares for her own, haunted me all through the rapid run to Cambridge, walked the quadrangles of Trinity with me, tramped the Trumpington-road upon my shoulders like that black care which sits behind the traveller. ' It would never do.' No need to ask my good Martha for the meaning of that emphatic assertion. I knew what shape her thoughts had taken as she watched me sitting by the little square piano — the old, old piano, with suoh a thin tinkling sound, listening to that seraphic voice, and looking at that delicate profile and exquisite colouring of faintly flushed cheek, lifted eye, and shadowy hair. My old nurse had surprised my secret almost before I knew it myself; but by the time I was back in my shabby ground-floor sitting-room at Trinity, I knew as well SB Martha knew that I had let myself fall deep in love with a girl whom I couid never marry with my mother's approbation. I might take my own way in life and marry the girl I loved; but to do so would be to forfeit my mother's affection, to make myself an outcast from her housa. "'I know what kind of a lady your mother is,' said Martha, in iter valedictory address. "Waslj her son, likely to be ignorant of the mother's character, or unable to gauge the strength of her prejudices — prejudices tha eeemed so much a part of her nature as to form a strong argument ajrainic L'icke's assertion that there are no innate ideas '! Indeed in reading that philosopher's famous chapter it always seemed to me that if the average infant had to begin the A B 0 of life at the first letter my mother must have been born with her brain richly stocked with family pride and social distinctions. In all the years I have lived with her I had never seeu her unbend to a servant or converge with equal terms with a tradesman. She had a full appreciation of the value of wealth when it was allied with good birth; but the millionaire manufacturer or the lucky PDCCHlator belonged to that outer circle of which she knew nothing, and of whioh ehe would believe no good. " I was ber only son ; and ehe was a widow. I owed her more than most eons owe their mothers. I did not stand as number four or five in a family circle, taking my share in the rough and tumble of family life. My mother had been all in all to me, and I had been all in all to her. I had boen her friend and companion from the time 1 was able to understand the English language, the recipient of all ber ideas, her likes and dislikes— from that early stage when the childish mind unconsciously takes shape and bent from the mind of th« parent the child loves best. From my seventh year I was fatherless, and all that is sacred and sweet ;n bome-liie began and ended forme with the word mother. " My mother waa what Gerald Standish called 'a masterful woman,' a woman to whom it was natural to direct and initiate the whole business of life. My father was her opposite in temperament — irresolute, lymphatic ; and I think he must have handed her the reins of home government before their honeymoon was over. I remember just well enough to remember that he left the direction of his life wholly to her ; that he de r erred to her judgment and studied her feelings in every detail of his existenoe; and that he obviously adored her. I don't think he cared very much for me, his only child, t can recall DO indication of warmth of feeling on his part, enly a plaoid indifference, as of one whose | aSection was concentrated upon a single object, aud whose heart had no room for any other image. He spoke of me as'the boy,' and looked at me occasionally with an air of mild wonder, as if I were somebody else's son, whose growth took him by surprise. I never remember his expressing any opinion about me, except that 1 had grown eince he looked at me last. " His feeling about me being thus tepid, it was hardly surprising that he should make what many people have called an unjust will. I have never disputed its justice, fcr I loved my mother too muoh to complain of the advantages of power aud Btatus which that will gave her. " She was an heiress, and her money had cleared tny father's estate from considerable encumbrances, and no doubt he remembered this when providing for her future. He was her senior by five-and-twenty years, and foresaw a long widowhood for her. "The entail ended in his own person, so he was free to dispose of hie property as he liked. He left my mother tenant for life; and he left me five hundred a year, chargeable to his estate, wiich income was only to begin when I came of age. Till my one-and-twsntieth birthday I was dependent' upon my mother for everything. " I told myself that I had to cut out my path in life, and that I must be the architect of my own fortune. "My mother's income under her marriage settlement was considerable, and this, in addition to a rent-roll of between two and three thousand a year, made her a rich woman. " Assuredly I was not in a position to make an imprudent marriage, pince my power to maintain a wife and family in aocord with my own iceaof agentleman'ssurroundingsmustdepend for a considerable time upon my mother's liberality, I had made up my mind to go to the Bar, aud I knew how slow and hazardous is the road to success in that branch of the legal profession; but far nearer than mere questions of interest was the obligation whioh filial love laid upon me. My mother had given me the devotion of years, had made me the chief object of her thoughts and her hopes, and I should be an ungrateful wretch if I were to disappoint her. I knew, alas ! that upon this very question of marriage she cherished a project tbat it would distress her to forego, and that there was a oertain Lady Emily whom I was intended to marry, the daughter of a nobleman who had been my father's most intimate friend, and for whom my mother had a greater regard for than any of our neighbours. • "Knowing this, and wishing with all my heart to do my duty as a eon to the best of mothers, I could not but echo Martha's eolemn words— "' It would never do.' "No, 'it would never do. 1 The seraphic voice, the spiritual countenance, the appealing helplessness, which had so moved my pity, roust be to me as a dream from which I had awakend. E<peranza's fate muBt rest henceforward with herself, aided by bonest Martha, and helped through Martha from my purse. I must never see her agfin. No word had been spoken, no hint had been given, of the love which it was my bounden duty to conquer and forget. I could contemplate the inevitable renunciation with a clear conscience. "I worked harder in that term than I had worked yet, and shut my door against all the allurements of undergraduate friendB and all the pleasures of university life. 21 was voted churlish and a muff; but I found my books the best cure for an unhappy love; and though the image of Miss Campbell was of tener with me than the learned shade of Newton or the later ghost of Whewell, I contrived to do some realiy good work. " My mother and I wrote to each other onoe a week. She expected me to send her a budget of gossip and opinion, and it was only this term that I began to feel a difficulty in filling two sheets of notepsper with my niggling penmanship. For the first time in my life I found myself sitting, pen in hand, with nothing to Bay to my mother. I could not write about Esperanza or the passionate yearning whioh I was trying to outlive, I could hardly expatiate upon my mathematical studies to a woman who, although highly cultivated, knew nothing of mathematics. I eked out my letter as best I -oould, with alaboured criticism upon a feeble novel which I had idly skimmed in an hour of mental exhaustion. "Hooked forward apprehensively to my home- going in December, fearing that eome change in my outward aspect might betray the mystery of my heart. The holiday, once BO pleasant, would be long and dull. The shooting would afford some relief perhaps, and I made up my inind to tramp the plantations all day. At Cambridge I I had shirked physical exercise; in Suffolk I would walk down my sorrow. "A letter from my mother, whioh reached me early in December, put an end to these resolves. She had been, somewhat out of health all through November ; and her local medical man, who was old and paise, had only tormented her with medicines which made her worse. She had therefore decided, at Miss Marjorum's earnest desire, upon spending my vacation ill London; and Jebaon, her trusty major-domo, had been np to town and had found her delightful lodgings on the north side of Hyde Park. She would await me, not at Fendyke, but in Connaughtiplaoe. " Connaught-plaoe — within less than an hour's walk of Great Ormond-Btreet! My heart beat fast and furiously at the mere thought of that propinquity. Martha's latest letter had told me that all attempts at finding a situation for my protfeg<£e had so far been without result. Martha and her charge had visited all the agencies for the placing of governesses and companions, and no agent had succeeded in placing Esperanza. Her education was far below the requirements of the least exacting employer. She knew very little French and no German; she played exquisitely, but she played by ear; of the theory of musio she knew hardly anything. Her father, an enthusiast and a dreamer, had filled her with ideas, but had taught her nothing that could help her to earn a living. '"Don't you fret about her, Mr. George,' wrote Martha. ' As long as I have a roof over my bead ehe oan make her home with me. Her bite and sup makes hardly any differenoe in the week's expenses. I'm only sorry for her sake that ehe isn't clever enough to get into a nice family in some pretty country house, like Fendyke. It's a dull life for her here — a back parlour to- live in, and two old people <for her only companions. "I thought of the small dark parlour in the Bloomsbury lodging-house, the tinkling old piano, the dull grey street; a weary life for a girl of poetio temperament reared in the country. That letter of Martha's, and the fact of being within an easy walK of Great Ormondstreet broke down my resolution of the last two months. I called upon Martha and her charge ou the morning after I left Cambridge. I thought Esperanza looked wan and out of health, and could but mark how the pale, sad face flushed and brightened at sight of me. Wa were alone for a few minutes, while Martha interviewed a butcher, and I seized the opportunity. I said I feared she was not altogether happy. Oniy unhappy in being a burden to my friends, she told me. She was depressed by finding her. own uselessness. Hundreds of young women were earning their living as governesses, but no one would employ her. "'No lady will even give me atrial, she eaid. ' I'm afraid I must look very stupid.' " ' You look vary lovely,' I answered hotly. 'They waat a commoner c!ay.' " I implored her to believe that she was no burden to Martha or to me. If she could be content to.live that dull and joyless life she was at least secure of a safe and respectable home; and if she oared to carry on her education something might be done in the way of masters; or she might attend some classes in Harley-street or elsewhere. "Sh9 turned red and then pale, and I saw tears trembling on her long auburn laebes. "' I am afraid I am uuteachable,' she faltered with dotvneasteyes. 'Kind ladies at Bcsbary tried to teach me ; but it was no use. My mind always wandered. I could not keep my thoughts upon tbj book I was reading or ou what they told me. Miss Grimshaw, who wanted to help me, said I was incorrigibly idle and atrociously obstinate. But, indeed, it was not idleness or obstinacy that kept rae from learning. I could not force myself to think or to remember. My thoughts would only go their own way ; and I cared for nothing but music, or for the poetry my father used to read to rae sometimes of an evening. I am afraid Miss Grimehaw we.3 right, and that I cught to be a dressmaker.' "I glanced at the hands which lay loosely clasped upon the arm of th9 ohair in which she was sitting. Such delicately tapering fingers were never meant for the dressmakers workroGm. The problem of Eaperanza's life was not to be solved that way. " I did not remain long on this first morning ; but I went again two days afterwards, and a^ain, until ic Citme to be every day. Martha crumbled and warned me of my dancer and of the wrong done to Esperanza, if I wer^ to make her care for me. 'I don't think there's much fear of that,' added Martha. ' She's too much intheclouis. It's you I'm afraid of. You and I know who mamma wants you to marry, don't us, Mr. George?' "I could not gainsay Mar'ha upon this point. Lady Emily and I had lidden the same rocking-horse; she riding pillion with arms clasped round my waist, while I urged the beast to his wildest pace. We had taken tea out of the same toy tea things — her teathings—and bBfore I was fifteen years of a^e my mother told me that she was pleased to see I waB so fond of Emily, and hoped that she and I would be husband and wife eome day in the eerious future, just as we were ittle lovers now in the childish present. '"I remember laughing at my mother's speech, and thinking within myself that Emily and I hardly realized my juvenile idea of lovers. The romantic element was entirely wanting in our association. When I talked of Lady Emily later to Gerald Standish I remember I described her as ' a good sort,' and discussed her excellent qualities of mind and temper with an unembarrassed freedom which testified to o heart that was at peace. " I felt more mortified than I would have cared to confess at Martha's blunt assurance that Esperanza was too much in the clouds to oare about me; and it may be that this remark of my old nurse's gave just the touch of pique that acted as a epur to passion. I know ever after two or three afternoons in Great Ormond-street I felt shat I loved this girl as I could never love again, and that henoeforward it would be impossible for me to contemplate the idea of life without her. The more fondly I loved her the less demonstrative I became, and my growing reserve threw dust in the elderly eyes that watched UB. Martha believed that her warning had taken eifect, and she so far confided in icy discretion as to allow me to take Esperanza for lamp-lit walks in the Bloomsbury-squares after our cosy teadrinking in the little back parlour. The teadrinking and the walk beoame an institution. Martha's rheumatics had made walking exercise impossible for her during the last month. Benjamin was fat and lazy. "' If l didn't lee the poor child go out with you she'd hardly get a breath of fresh air all the winter. And I know that I can trust yon, Mr. George,'Eaid Martha. " ' Yes, you oan trust me,' answered I . "She might trust me to breathe no word of evil into the ear of her I loved. She could trust me to revere the ohildlike innocence whioh was my darling's highest charm. She could trust me to be loyal and true to Esperanza. But she could not trust me to be wordly wise, or to sacrifice my own happiness to filial aSection. The time came when I had to set my love for Esperanza against my duty to my mother and my own interests. Duty and interest kicked the beam.' " Oh ! those squares ! those old Bloombury-squares, with their formal rows of windows and monotonous iron railings and sbarely doorways, and clean doorsteps, and enolosures of treeB whose blackened branches ehowed leafless against the steely sky of a frosty evening ! What groves or streams of Paradise could be fairer to us than the dull pavements whioh we paced arm-in-arm in the wintry greyness, telling each other those thoughts and fancies which seemed in their intuitive sympathy to mark us for predestined life companions. Her thoughts were childishly expressed sometimes; but it seemed to me always aa if they were only my thoughts in a feminine guise. Nothing that she ever said ever jarred upon me; aad her ignoranoe of the world and all its ways suggested eome nymph or fairy reared in the seclusion of woodland or ocean cave. I thought of Endymion, and I fancied that hia goddess oould have been eoarcely less of the earth than this fair girl who walked beside me, confiding in me like a childlike faith. ' " One night I told her that I loved her. We had stayed out later than usual. The dock of St. George's Church. was striking 9, and in the shadowy quiet of Queen'sequare my lips met hers in love's first kiss. How shyly and how falteringly she confessed her own secret, so carefully guarded till that moment. " ' I never thought you could care forapoor girl like me,' ehe said; ' but I loved you from the first. Yes, almost from the very first. My heart eeemed frozen after my father's death, and your voice was the fiest that thawed it. The dull benumbed feeling gradually passed away, and I knew that I had some one. living to love and care for and think about as I sat alone. I had a world of thoughts to interweave with the musio I love.' " * Ah, that musio, Esperanza! I am almost jealoua of musio when I see you so moved and influenced by it.' "' MuBio would have been my only oonsotion if .you had not cared for me,' jshe answered simply. " ' But I do care for yDu, and I want you to be my wife now at onoe—as soon as we can be married.' " I talked about an immediate marriage before the Registrar. But, willing as she was to be guided by me in most things, she would not consent to this. "'It weuld not seem like marriage to me,'she aaid, 'if wa did not stand before the altar.' "' Well, it ehall be a church, then; only we shall have to wait longer. And I must go back to Cambridge at the end of this week. I must get an exeat and come up to London on our wedding-day' end take you home in the evening. I shall have a quiet home ready for my darling, out of the way of dons and undergraduates, but within & walk of Trinity.' " I explained to her that our marriage must be a seoret till I oame of a/re next year, or till I could find a favourable opportunity of breaking the fact to my mother. "'Will she mind? Will she be angryV asked Esperanza. "'Not when she comes to know yon, dear love.' " Well as I knew my mother's character I was infatuated enough to believe what I said. Where was the heart so stony that could not warm to that fair and gentle creature ? Where the pride so stubborn whioh that tender influence could not bend ?' " I put up the baanB at the church of St, George the Martyr, assured that Martha's rheumatism and Benjamin's lethargic temper would prevent either of them attending the morning service on any of the fateful Sundays. If Martha went to church at all ehe orept there in the evening after tea. She liked the gaslights and the evening warmth, the shorb prayers and the long sermon, and she met her own class among the congregation. I felt tolerably eafe about the banns. "Had my mother been in good health it would have been difficult for me to spend so many of my evenings away from home; but the neuralgio affection which bad troubled her in Suffolk had not been subjugated by Dr. Gull's treatment, and she passed a good deal of her life in her own rooms, and in semi-darkness ministered to by a lady who had been a member of our household ever since my father's death, and whose presence had been the only drawback to my home happiness. "This lady was my mother's governess— Miss Marjoram—a woman of considerable brain power, wide knowledge of English and German literature, and a style-of pianoforte playing which always had th<i effect of cold water down my back. And yet Miss Marjorum played correctly. She introduced no discords into that hard, dry _ music, whioh seemed to me to have been written expressly for her hard and precise finger tips, bony knuckles, and broad, strong haud, with a thumb which she boasted of as resembling Thaiberg's. In a difficult and complicated movement Miss Marjoram's thumb worked wonders. It was ubiquitous ; it turned under and over, and rapped out sharp staccato notes in the midst of presto runs, or held rigid semibreves while the active fingers fired volleys of chords or raced the bass with lightning triplets. In whatever entanglement of florid ornament Liszt or Tbalberg bad wrapped up a melody, Miss Marjorum's thumb couid search it out and drum it into her auditors. " Mies Marjoram was on the wrong side of fifty. She had a squat figure and a masculine countenance, and her voice was deep and etrong, like the voice of a man. She dressed with a studious sobriety in dark cloth or ingrey alpaca, according to the seasone, and in the evening she generally wore plaid poplin, which ruled her square, squat figure into smaller squares. I have observed an affinity between plain people and plaid poplin. " Miss Marjorum was devoted to my mother; and antagonistic as her nature was to tne in all things, and blighting aB was her influence upon the fond dream of my youth, I am bound to record that she was conscientious in carrying out her own idea of duty. Her idea of duty unhappily included no indulgence for youthful impulses, and she disapproved of every independent aot of mice. " My evening ab»enoes puzzled her. "'I wonder you can like to be out nearl everv evening when your mother is so ill," she remarked severely, on my return to Connau?ht-plase after that glimpse of paradise in Queen-pqa&re.; " ' If [ could be of any use to my mother by staving at home, vou may b9 sure I should not be out, Miss Marjorum.'I reu]led rather stiffly.' "'It would be a satisfaction to your mother to know you were under her roof, even when she is obliged to be resting quietly in her ewn room.' " ' Unfortunately my mathematical coaoh lives under another roof, and I have to accommodate myself to his hours.' " Phis was sophistication; but it was true that I read mathematics with an ex-senior wrangler in South Keneington every other day. " ' Do you spend every evenine with your ooach ? 'a«kad Miss Marjnrum, looking up suddenly from her needlework, and fixing me with her cold grey eye. " ' Certainly not. You know the old saw— " All work and no play"' " 'And how dovou amuse yourself when you are not at South Kensington ? I did not think you knew mr.ny people in London.' '"That is because I know very few people whom vou know. My chief friends are the friend a of my college life—not the worthy bucol ics of Suffolk.' " Miss Marjorum sighed, and went on with her sewing. She delighted in the plainest of plain work—severest undergarments of calico or flannel. She had taken upon herself to supply my mother's poorer cottage-tenants with underclothing—a very worthy purpose; but I could not help wishing she had deferred a little more to the Universal sense of beauty in her contributions to the cottagers' wardrobes. Surely these prison-like garments must have appalled their recipients. My inexperienced eye noted only their ugliness in shape and coarseness of texture. I longed for a little trimming, a softer quality of flannel. " " I am afraid they must hurt the people who get them,' I said one day when Miss Marjorum exhibited her bale of flannel underwear. " ' They are delightfully warm, and friction is beneficial to health,' she replied severely. ' I don't know what more you would have.' " It irked me not a little to cote Mies Marjoram's suspicious air when she discussed my evening's occupations, for I know she had moro influence over my mother than any one living, and I fancied that Bhe would not scruple to use that influence against me. I had lost her friendship long ago by childish rudenesses, whioh I looked baok upon with regret, but whioh I oould not obliterate from her memory by the studious oivilities of later , years. "I went back to Cambridge, and my mother and her devoted companion left Connaughtplaoe for Brighton, Sir William Gull having recommended sea-air, after exhausting his soientific meanB in the weary battle with nerve pain. It was a relief to me when I thought of Esperanza to know that Uiss Marjorum was fifty miles away from Great Ormond-street. Those suspicious glances and prying questions of hers had frightened me. " Then I thought of Esperanza! when was she not the oentre and circumference of my thoughts? "I worked hard; missed no leoture; neglected no opportunity ; for I bad made up my mind to play the game of life off my own bat; but Esperanza's image was with me whatever I was doing. I think I mixed up her personality in an extraordinary fashion with the higher mathematics. &he; perched like a fairy upon every curve, or slid sylphlike along every line. I weighed her and measured her and calculated the dootrine of chanceB about her. She became in my mind the all-pervading spirit of science of quantity and number. " Could this interval between the asking in Church and my wedding-day be any other than a period of foolish dreaming, of fond oonfusion and wandering thoughts? I was not twenty-one, and I was about to take a step which would ineyitably offend my only parent, the only being to whom I stood indebted for oare and aSection. In the rash hopefulness of a youthful passion I made sure of being ultimately forgiven; but hopeful as I was I knew it might be eome time before I could obtain pardon. In the meantime I had an income which would Buffice for a youthful menage. I would find a quiet home foi Esperanza at one of the villas on the Grandchester-road till I had taken my degree, and then I should have to begin work in London. Indeed, I had fixed in my own mind -upon a second-floor in Martha's roomy old house, which would be conveniently near the Temple, where I might share a modes) set of chambers with a Cambridge friend. In the deep intoxioation of my love dream Great Ormond-street eeemed just the most delightful epot in which to establish the oosy home I figured to myself. It would be an infinite advantage to live under my dear, old nurse's roof and to know that she would watch over my girl-wife while I sat waiting for briefs in my dingy chambers or reading law with an eminent Q.C. " I had asked Esperanza on the night of our betrothal whether ehe thought we ooald live upon five hundred a year. A ripple of laughter preluded her reply. " 1 Dear George, do you know what my father's income was?' ehe asked. 'Sixty-five pounds a year. He paid fifteen pounds a year for onr oottage and garden—such & dear old garden—and we bad to live and olothe ourselves upon the other fifty pounds. He was very shabby sometimes, poor darling: but we were always happy. Though I seem sohelpleBB in getting my own living, I think I oould keep house for you, and not waste your money. Five hundred a year! Why, you are immensely rioh !' " I told her that I should be able to add to our income by the time we had been married a few years, and then we would have a house in the oountry, a garden, and a pair of ponies for her to drive, and cows and poultry, and all the things that women love. What a happy dream it was, and how the sweet pale faoe brightened under "the lamp-light as she listened to me. "' I want nothing but your love,' she said, nothing. I am not afraid of poverty.' "The three weeks were gone. I got an exeat, and went up to London by an early train. I had directed Esperanza to meet me at the Churob, whose doors we had so often passed together in onr evening walke, and where we had knelt side by side one Sunday evening. She was to take Martha to Churob with her; but not till the last moment, not till they were on the point of starting was she to tell my old nuroe what was going to happen, lest an idea of duty to the mother should induce her to betray her aon. "The air crisp and bright, and the wintry landscape basked in ...Aha^yiafcrs sun between ~ Cambridge and Stratford, bub the dull jzxoymax of our metropolitan winter wrapped me round when I left Bishopgate-street, aud there was a thin curtain of fog hanging over my beloved Bloomsbury when my hansom rattled along the sober oldworld streets to the heavy Georgian Church. I sprang from the oab as if I had worn Mercury's sandals, told the man to wait, and ran lightly up the steps, pushed back the heavy door and entered the dark temple, hushed and breathless. How solemn the Church looked, how grey the great oold windows. The fog seemed thicker here than in the streets outside. " I looked at my watch. Twenty minutes to 11. <1 bad entreated her to be at Church at least.ten minutes before the hour, and I felt bitterly disappointed that she. had not anticipated the Appointment. " Her last letter was three days old. Could she be ill? could_ any evil thing have happened? I hurried baok to the Church door, intending to get into-my oab and drive to Ormond-street. I changed my mind before I had crossed the threshold. I might miBB her on the w ay—drive by one street while she and Martha were walking on another. Again, there was something undignified in a bridegroom rushing off in searoh of his bride. My place was to wait in Churoh. I had Been a good many weddings in our parish Church in Suffolk, and I knew that the bride was always late. Yet, in spite of this experience, I had always expected my bride in advance of the appointed time. She had no wreath of orange-blossoms, no bridal veil to adjust, no doting mother or sister bridesmaids to flurry and hinder ber under the preteuoe of helping. She had no oarriage to wait for. Her impatience to see me after nearly three weeks should have brought her to Church earlier than this. "Then I remembered Martha. No donbt she was waiting for Martha. That good old soul was interviewing the butcher or adjusting her Paisley shawl, while I was. fretting and fuming in the Church. I had no best man to reason wit* my impatience and keeD up my spirits. My best man was to be the parish clerk, £,nd he had not yet appeared upon the scene. I saw a pew-opener creeping about, a pew-opener in the accustomed olose black bonnet and sober apparel. Esperanza's bridesmaid! Martha would have to give her away. " I took a turn round the Church, looked at the monuments, and even stood still to read a tablet here and there, and knew no more of the inscription after I had read it than if it had been in arrow-headed oharaoters. " I opened the heavy door and went out on to the Btops, and stood watching a stray oab or a Btray pedestrian, dimly visible through the thickening fog. I looked at my watch every other minute, between anger and despair. It was five minutes to 11. The curate who was to marry us passed me on the 6tepj aud went into the Church, uusuapeoting that I was to be the chief actor in the ceremony. 1 stood looking along the etreet, in the only direction in which my bride was to be expected, and my heart sickened as the slow minutes wore themselves out, till it was nearly a quarter past 11. "I could endure this no longer. My hansom was waiting on the opposite side of the street. I lifted my finger, and signed to the driver to oome over to me. There was nothing for it but to go to Great Ormond-street, and discover the cause of deiay. " Before the man oould climb into his eeat and cross the road a brougtiam drove sharply up to the Church steps—a brougham of dingy aspect, driven by a man whose livery branded him as a flyman. "I was astonished at the fly, but never doubted that it brought me my dear love, and my heart was light again, and I ran to greet her with a welcoming smile. "The carriage door was sharply opened from within, and my mother etepped out and stood before me, tall and grave, in her neat dark travelling dress, her fine features sharp and clear in the wintry gloom. " * Mother!' I exclaimed, aghast. "'I know I am not the person you expected, George,' she said quietly. ' Badly as you have behaved to me I am sorry for your disappointment.' "' Whore is Esperanza ?' I cried, unheeding my mother's address. "It was only afterwards that her words came back to me—in that long dull afterwards when I had leisure to brood over every detail in this a^onizin* Bcsne. " She is safe and in good hand?, and she is where you will never see her again.' "That's a lie!' I cried. If she's among the living I will find her—if ehe is dead I will follow her.' " ' You are violent and unreasonable ; but I suppose your romantic infatuation must excuse you. When you have read this letter you will be calmer, I eope.' "She gave me a letter in Esperanza's writing. We had moved a few paces from the Church steps while we talked. I read the letter walking slowly along the etreet, my mother at my side. " ' Dearest—I am going away. I am not to be your r^'fe. It was a happy dream, but a foolish one. I should have ruined your life That has been made clear to me ; and I love you far too dearly te be your enemy. You will never sea me again. Don't be unhappy about me. I Bhall be well cared for. I am going vety far away; but if it were to the furthest end of the earth, and if I were to live a hundred years, I should never cease tolova you, or learn to love you less. "' Good-by for ever, "' ESPEBANZA.' " ' I know whose band ia in this,' I said—* ' MisB Marjorum.' "'Miss Marjorum ia my true and loyal friend, and yours too, though you may not believe it.' "' Whoever it may be who baa stolen my love away from me, that person ia my dire and deadly foe. Whether the aot is youra or hers, it is the aot of my bittere&t; enemy, and I shall ever so remember it. Look here, mother, let there be no misunderstanding between you and me. I love this girl better than my life. Whatever trick you have played upon her, whatever cajoleries you and Miss Marjorum have brought to bear upon her, whatever falsa representations you have made, appealing to her unselfishness against her love, you bare done that whioh will wreck your eon's .'life unless you can undo it.' _"' I have saved my son from th6 shipwreck his own folly would have made of hia life, 7 my mother answered calmly. 'I have seen what these unequal marriages oome to—before the wife is thirty.' "' It would be no unequal marriage. The girl I love ia a lady. 1 " ' A_ village organist's daughter, by her ft wn confession totally without education. A pretty delicate young creature with a oertain surface reSnement, I grant you; but do not think that would Btand the wear and tear of kfe, or counterbalance your humiliation when people asked questions about your wife's antecedents and belongings! • People, even the politest people, will ask those questions, George. My dear, dear boy, the thing you were to hava done to-day wonld have been niter ruin to your social existence for the next fifty yean. You will never be rich enough or great enough to live down such a marriage.' " ' Don't preaoh to me,' I cried savagely. * You have broken my heart. Surely that ia enough for you.' "I broke away from her as she laid her hand upon my arm—such a shapely hand in a dark grey glove. I remembered even in that moment of anguish and of anger how my dear love had often walked by my aide, gloveless, shabbier than a milliner's apprentice. No, she was not of my mother's world; no mora was Titania. She belonged to the realm of romance and feerie, not to Belgravia or Mayfair. "I ran back to the spot where the hansom still waited for me, jumped in, and told the man to drive to Great Ormond-street. I left my mother standing on the pavement to find ber way back to her carriage the beat way she could, bo go where she would. "I knocked at the Iodginghouaedoor loud enough to Wake the seven sleepers. I pushed past the soared maid-servant, and daBbed into Martha's parlour. She was sitting with her speotaclea on her nose poring over a tradesman's book, and with other books of the same kind on the table before her. " 'Martha, this is your doing,' I said. *You have betrayed me to my mother.' *"Oh, Mr. George, forgive your old ourse that loves you as if you were ber own flesh and blood. I only did my duty by you and my mistress. It wonld never have done, dear; it would never have done.' "She called me 'dear,' aa in the old nursery days. Tears were streaming down hex withered cheeks. "' It was you, then.' " 'Yes, it was me. Mr. George,leastways me and Benjamin. We talked it over a long time before he wrote the letter to my mistress at Brighton. Sarah came, home from Chnroh on. Sunday dinner-time. The drawing- rooms were dining out, and the second floor ia empty, so there was nothing to binder Sarah's going to Church. She oame home at dinner-time, and told me that you and Esperanza Campbell had been asked in Churoh—for the third time. You might have knocked me down with a feather. I never thought she could be so art. ful. I talked it over with Benjamin, and he posted a letter that night.' "*Anl Miss Marjorum oame np from Brightpn nexb morning, and came to eee Esperanza?' " 4 How did yoa know that Mr. George?' - '"I know Miss Marjorum.' " ' Yes, it was Miss Marjorum that oame. She asked to see Esperanza alone, and tbey were shut up together for over an hour, and then the bell was rung, and Miss Marjoram told the girl to pack up Miss Campbell's things, bring her box down to the hall, and when she bad done that to fetch a four* wheeler. Sarah waa as nearly aa upset as I waa, but she and I paoked the things between ns—such a few things, poor child—and carried hfUf-Anwmitmip.[ flnri T united in thft iracHwhiie barah ran rot- viw Esperanza came out with Miss Marjorum, and put on her bat and jacket, and then came to bid me good-by.' " 'She put her arms round my neok and kissed me, and though I had done my duty by you and your ma, Mr. George, I felt lik Jndas. "Ic was right of you to tell,"ehe said ; " it was only right—for his sake," and Miss Marjorum hurried hei down the step and into the cab before she could say another word. • I do believe the poor dear child gave you up without a murmur, Mr. George, beoause she knew it would have been your ruin to marry her.' " 'Fudge! that had been drammed into ber by Miss Marjorum. You have done me the worst turn you ever did any one in your life, Martha, and yet I thought 'if there waa anybody in the world I could trust it Was yon. Where did the cab go—do you know that!' "'Charing Cross Station. I heard Misa Marjorum give the order. 1 " 