,r john ahchleys household. \All Rights Reserved . ! !L iiiWii,RAJti'STORYl"By RUTH . 0 .' .E. RUDDER. Now First Published. ; T;: J ,' I; :>! ' ' ' Chapter XV (continued). : Christie turned on his .heel and went into vtke house. A few minutes later Danel V follow rid; -The Canadian patiSed before \- oc, r the ;parlop, door. Coralie . was in the room. Unnstie was witn ner. ine iwo were uie centre of- a group of well-wishers. Fpr Mf moment- Danel felt as. if .he, must assert "V fffffcmfflf. ifrr>tioi|"-(-;viMr:»;unbeara&le.; Hi 1 He wlatched thP -girl with dim eyes and . working lips. He entered. He never ; 1 wfltthe' baresBirig hand John Archley laid .'On his arm, nor heard the. ring of, kindness -ihthe voice that. asked for ..a, song. ; ::0 (rj pjnhbt, I cannot ! " he said, hurriedly, i.l "-becoming conscious of Lily Carnegie's 'penetrating eyes fastened upon him. He regained himself. It was not Lily's look ;:h;that recalled hihi; but the face that wofe :% fMlhe look;: : She came forward and put her hand through his arm. "Take ine out," she 1 - 1 y<;%aid,: calmly; ! " 1 want to look at the I. bijStujghti-"" „ , .'i They— Danel and she— went out into ';' . ."/the :bright, frosty moonlight. The inanjS ;; ul bbmpanidn's cleijif, hazel Ayes looked hard into his. "You aru a fool;" Lily Said, "v1|o .Itand "glowering at the girl as.if she wei;e ::i / the only one in the world. " She is not. J '"... There, ilon't burst out on me, I have '& j'i-favor 1 to aslc. Are ! you playing in the cricket imatch - to-morrow ? Ypu are ? Well then, I. shall be in, town,; Unless Have business to look after; I want j Hi-.ijy'tPVrideoine With me. I want to talk to you." 1 ' ; will come. Is there anything else? " V'Not,...m particular, Alfred. Take me w PuHq the galte.' They .stepped ofE the ; Vahdah, and turned , arigle .! in the path ; then came to a stop. A toad and a woman b 1 o O WftTP ptendingi ahead. The maW was evi dently urging soniething: eagerly. The woman's figure, shrouded in a great shawl, . ;iMex|ireased "both energy and defiance. The !M JBntB-was Yalentine Archley ; tlie | woman, Ij aB9jJjgwe!jFqrde.0.:. ; e! i|; ,,-p .r,Daqel hastily .drew his compambn away.. Sbe'Rftpd her head : resentfully. " Poon;! Children," she pouted. " Don't make a mistake"; they Are hot <;-p, Bfihiidffcn; -Lily.' -,.i ( ; . .o 'rufj" Perhaps net exactly.' : All the sauie, J , „yalehtine is far. too young, to go court- ';r: : \ 0; mAM Ai yoii like. Valentine is threoj months n. — /jniy junior." |v. .li.Ol "Ypuri junior?"; i|! "It's true. I'm a month short of twp- bii : aydAwe'nty, not thirty, as yon imagine. .:.i l- UAs to-falling- -in love; that uiania' begins early. : Whon I was seventeen I: fell : jn ( \i love, with, a girl and .spent a yearA earp- "ings in 'presents, and when . I went: further — by 'jove! it makes me angry now — my opinion of women was not heightened." ; " j < " Your good opinion of women is in- ,, | ,destructable." : ; 1 i urrnVXbU speak as if your sex entitled you J ' : to iny perpetual loye and respect. My; ill opinion bf women is only redeemed by the r-o.i llconduct of a few. The majority -are vain, ..;.jil£ijjtrifling,-.. assertive; creatures, assured of their ability to take care of themselves and to make use of the . franchise, aud unfit r1, «'j ;:to do-either," 7 j-I "-Ypu are unmistakably candid,"' Lily; replied, curtly, " I will thank you to be A little less brutal in. your expression of sen- :y i':.i itxtnent ; or, at least, to make a distinct ex- inception in favor of your immediate neigh- :v,_; ;.'bor. I would not take that speech from ; - j( i. apy other man." ., .jji . You are not required to take it from me," , '. " That may be, but I do things that are ' " ' ,Jnot required of me, as perhaps you will find out some day. As you are Bp ready to condemn woman, perhaps you will let ine know your opinion of the sex you so jcrqr, jjallaritly, represent." "We are the moBt liberal judges of yotir sex, your inferior in morals, your . 7 A.Uf>erior in judgment. Yet, as I have my v ; .. sidpals among women, so there are men whom I greatly admire. One, in particu lar — .T Arid he is ?" ' '-4- " " Christopher Ogilvie." The woman stepped back and looked Alfred in the face. ... ct" Well; you are not ungenerous.' But, frankly, you might have sekcted your equal." I \ equal is too easily found : f chose ' w my superior. A man should be judged . ;from the point of his moral courage. In 8 that respect the comparison between us is ' 1 1 tp his advantage. But you ifiubt be cold, won't you come in ? There inusf be a ...limit, to.the warmth. of a red velvet dress, r --1-' Wish to heaven," he continued, " that the next ten. days were over, and I away from , here. Still— let that pass. I spoke very \- roughly ; to you just now, will you forgive — (my: ungraciousness and bear with, me a .7 , 1 1 bit— Lily ?" and he put his hands on her ,'folded arms. , The blood burned in her face, despite jber pelf-reliance, her easy audacity. The; ; A 'ring of the voice pronouncing her ;name, '"" the sight of his strong face, the touch of h(s hands, moved her deeply,. But self- 1 ! 0 ' J' Apntrol was habitual to her. " Don't speak i'-u'r. ((if it," she said kindly,' " look on me as a : - i 'iifriend; I: shall prove one. I am not un- a: i .7 jWorthy of trust" j-r:,"I;know it," Alfred returned, seriously., ' , He took her hand in his, and kissed it- : t ' reverently. l. ' Li Subsequently, while Christie and Coralie were singing a duet, old Mr. Withering-' ton_ spoke to Danel. The shrivelled old face Aras full of bene volence. " Ah ! my dear young sir," he began, " excuse an old LdrjBainer, but 1 thought it was going tp be. Jyery different duet. I did, indeed." " " Alfred made no verbal reply. He took the old man's hand and drew it through sWsrnL He held it long and firmly. iFmin An i opposite door he observed Valentine and Jessie enter. The young t r man held his haad erect, and stiffly; bowed Jhia companion into a chair. She took it < . u studied irid ifference arid averted eyes. y;After; breakfast ; the ' following day .Qhifistie Qgilvie put pn his hat, took up "7,rj8., bridle- ;and went out, .ostensibly to ' " caVcli'his horse. He proposed .to take a iPuiiitripUo the town. :Beirig iri no hurry he ;.iJ7 a'Jiiirbis pipe. and walked- slowly up the paddock, whose shady slopes . were still white. rwith frost.. He had arranged that iDOTrifiig vvith Alfred And Joe togoeXplor- -jaeipjgutq. a spot some thirty miles distant. ' Mis fattier being in town, the young man ('determined to apprise him. of his interi-'. tions. He also meant to use the oppor- 0 — Tfiriity to argue a way some of his father's (A-Af/i prejudices against one 'of his intended " ;:'mitek!'!Moreovef, he was regretting that, in a few days time he Would lose Danel. ; ;:;:;Christie had retiolved one. thing. He c,<' wpuld gain influence witli this brotherless 'j '-(jabadian. Hp knew be bad. the- other's ! ' A--: J-.O 7 u'r.ij'i: 0! : -a.. >— jealousy and hate to encounter, but he firmly, believed in the ascendericy of love over all other passions. He lived in hope. .As he . retraced. his „ steps he ;beheld some thing that gleamed in the grass. He went to the spot and saw at his feet, Danel's stiletto. The sight caused Chris tie's blood to thrill. Alfred, then, had acted on his suggestion. He felt a reverence for the act. Dropping on one knee he took up the knife and examined it. It was daintily wrought and bore on the extremity of the handle the. name "Adrian Danel." Christie; took a strong, grip of the haft arid: thrust tite weapon into the soil. Then he Irckse, set his libel on it, and drove it underground' ,;n ' " On the way to the house, Christie en countered Danel and Wyllan. The three returned together. As they entered the playroom through one door, that , opposite flew open, admitting Adrian Danel. The old man's face was haggard and white. He seemed -to see but one person, his! son. Alfred Went to: him quickly, spoke words of filial- greeting,; and gave liirn a chair. ' At the same moment 'Coralie 'entered. ' The old man, feeble from a week of de bauchery, trembling from a new and un familiar sxcitement, gripped Alfred's aim to steady himself. " I. came in a great hurry," he said, tak ing nd/notice of - Coralie's -gentle 'saluta tion, I -'warit your denial of a story I have heard. " That man's father " (and he signified Christie) " tells me that you have played cheat by Archley. Is it true ? " . . Alfred's face grew dark. His fierce eyes turned from his father's face to Christie's. " Is it true ? " the old man insisted. " It's a vile lie," was the violent answer. Valentine and Dick entered the room — and stared. Adrian Danel continued : " I am told told that you made free ..with, a handful of money, that you are debarred iri consequence from the houses of ac quaintances, -that jrpu'jdrink, tbat"5teu areFr-; ')iti ehbit,- going Wrong. \yhat; does .it mean1? > JYbri:Tsay that brie" of'these accusa tions is a lie, how many are true ? Stop a moment before you speak. I tell you plainly, I'd rather be hanged than know you degraded. I have set you a bad ex ample. God curse the day when you be gin to follow, it." - The Jepgh \bf bis \ father's speech 7 had given Alfred time to collect his thoughts. " Who told you all this?" he questioned. " The tongue of the town whispered it, and a talk with Mr. Ogilvie did the rest." Alfred was silent for a minute. The eyes of all in che room were on hiin. " The story of my taking the money is an utter lie," he replied, passionately, " the rest is true — in part. As to your father," turn ing abruptly to Christie, ",I have a deal to; thank him for. I do notlyfcarejwhb hears uie say it, his conduct by uie ' lias been, and is, shameful, shameful to his yeate'and to his manhood." In the vehemence of his anger the young man looked rourid the rootn.:seeking sym pathy. He found it in Corailie's ffabe: y He werit to lier. " You know: the truth of what I aui saying," be went on, " you know well how insidiously that man has worked against me from the first day we met. I tell you, Corrie, this is a viperous world, if you but knew it, where respectable Christians stand eager to pitch- the stone, Apr hang the fdog with thb; b»d: nmei" y ' 7 ' TlieT, noise of argument liad reached John Archley's ears, as he had sat writing in his study, and Alfred, pausing with his hand on Coralie's arm, beheld the benign face looking at him from the doorway. John Archley had both heard and seen. The night before his wife had told him of Alfred's love for his daughter, a thing he had suspected. Now, he saw, in: Alfred's attitude and expression, and heardj in the tones of his voice, that it was indeed the truth. Alfred came and stood before hiin. His father, rose and gripped his arm. Alfred, with a glance: of command, laid a control ling; hand on the old triad's shoulder. " My father has come to see me, Mr. Archie'," he proclaimed, clearly. " He has heard that I have abused your confi dence and stolen your property. I want yoi! "-to tell hinvthat'riu'chi'is untrue." Jol.h Archley was silent. In Alfred' Danel's ' life there were some moments of terrible import. This was one of- them. He had never: .-doubted at heart that John Archley -belie vet) him: blameless. ; A suspicion1 to the contrary had never dawned on him. In the repose ful sense of this lie had ignored many slights and insinuations, counting that pne man's faith of greater weiglit than all the: aspersion's of the many. Now, he stood before them all, feeling like a ship With a broken cable. All that John Archley's silence meant rushed to his brain. He was conscious of a woeful ; exclamation,.: from" lii» father,1 of- the blank astonishment on the faces of Coralie and Wyllan. " Mr. Archley," he continued, " surely you believe uie ?" John Archley came slowly forward. " I did, and I do, believe you, Alfred lad. My trust in you is unshaken, iqy. opinion of you unaltered. You yoiing people will leave us awhile," he adde l, addressing the others. " Now, . Alfred," he continued, when the ' door was shut, " I will explain to you my. mystifying conduct. As I have said, I have the same confidence in you to-day that I had before this difficulty began. Yet'; tell y'ouf father that I; belieyelyou guiltless I cannot. "Oh ! I know, I know," Alfred broke in, hopelessly. " Of course, I have no means of proving my case, none. Evidence is against me. Everything must be evi denced." ":'It is not that," John Archley made haste to say, seeing a look of anguish in. Adrian Danel's eyes. V So far as you know your words are true. I know that.- . But — -"and he paused gravely, " your companion on that day tells another tale. He affirms that you uiust have used the money. He " " I'm persuaded it's all false," gasped s Adrian f Dane),, staggering from his chair. " It's a concoction, a " Father, please h'ear Mr. Archley out," .Alfred's tone ( ; was. ;,irisistent. Ii struck John Archley that his face looked almost old. --" - - ; " Your companion was Charles- Forde," the benign .voice continued, " he begged me to overlook the affair. He set forward as his plea your having been intoxicated." "Good God.!", Alfred dropped against the table. a,s if lilt. " That is utterly tiri- true, a;di8gU8t.irig lie.- I never touched spirits tliat day." "Then Kow did you manage to pay a lost bjet of thirty pounds ? ." \- Easily enough. I won the- eighty guineas. With forty notes I cleared off my failures, the rest," and he turned to his father, "I gave to you. As to this report' of: .my' liavingf been lAfrink, it's a pure piece of fabrication, without a ghost of a truth: in :it.;'i Ask James Parr, he will confirm what T say;. : " Fprde must have made up a yarn to pull me out of a hole." . " /. ..j.' ' ' ...: v.'. -7": There was a long pause. " I am per fectly satisfied," Adrian Danel said, and the look of anxiety faded from his face. , ,,, Alfred approached. John Archley. "Now, sir," he said, in a voice " that quivered somewhat, " will you take iriy word?" " That I will, lad. I am puly too glad to have heard you exculpate yourself. I trust you entirely." And John -Archley held out his hand. ' Alfred took it. "Thank you, Mr. Archley, there are two people iu this world whose good opinion I care for, arid you, are one of them.'-' He went slowly from the room. ' ' t Adrian Danel's eyes followed his son jealously. "Yes," he exclaimed, in a bitter voice, "he can say that to you. ! He has not even to tell me that 1 am not- the other. My son is a grand man," he continued, proudly, " what my father was, what his' father should have been. His nature is black and white, great faults', great virtue's. Look you," I am proud that iny blood runs in that iuan's veins. I did a good thing, giving liiin life. I have exchanged words with that fleshy, amiable young Ogilvie, with your sons, with many of your ac quaintances. Do you think; that any one of them, had he me for a father, woiild have treated mo with the courtesy and even tenderness that I have received from triy boy? I tell you, no !" And from under the Iri W, 'grey Hrows Adrian Danel's black eyes flashed a challenge at his cumpanio.i. " I thank God," John Archley said, "that I have great cause to feel proud of my sous. I am blest iri them, you are in yours. I know him, honest, generous, brave, moral, impulsive, . immoderate, fierce, incapable of any meanness true as steel." Adrian Dane! heard those words with a thrill of pride. A quarter of an hour later Alfred was fixing up his father's trap. He had changed his. working clothes for a cricket ing suit of white flannel, his usual cap for a white felt hat. The ' Archley boys ; rarirput'ris father Vand son w'ent through .the gate, .Tali8iriari snorting in the rum- bling gig. They raised a upanimous arid , hearty cheer, whereat the old : man turned in his seat, raised his hat, and smiled — : first at the cheers, then at iris son, for whom that cheer was sent up. To be Continued. J 